The Sydney Morning Herald THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 1871. In the Legislative Council, yesterday, The PRESIDENT reported the receipt of a message from his Excellency, notifying that assent in her Majesty's name had been given to the Government Savings' Bank Bill. Mr. Docker laid upon the table a despatch from the Secretary of State in reference to prison discipline : annual report from the Chief Inspector of Sheep for 1870 ; an order in Council authorising an alteration in the Beale of fees in District Courts ; return of Crown lands reserved from sale, and survey for water supply; and a return of sites reserved for towns and villages. It was ordered that the documents be printed. The PRESIDENT announced the receipt of a com- mission in favour of Mr. J. J. Calvert as Clerk of the Legislative Council and Clerk of Parliaments. On the motion ot Mr. WEEKES, leave was given to bring in the Sydney Meat Preserving Company's Bill. The bill was introduced and read a first time. Mr. DEAS THOMSON moved,-"That the House entertains a just and high sense of the distinguished and exemplary manner in which Richard O'Connor, Esq., late Clerk of the Parliaments, uniformly, dis- charged the duties of his office; and that the fore- going resolution be communicated to Mr. O'Connor by the President." The motion was supported by Mr. DOCKER,' Mr. ALLEN, Mr. C. CAMPBELL. and Sir T. A. MURRAY, who severally spoke of the zeal and ability which Mr. O'Connor evinced in the discharge of his valuable services. The motion was agreed to unanimously. Mr. DEAS THOMSON moved the second reading of St. Andrew's Parsonage Sale Bill, explaining that it was to authorise the sale of property that had been used as a parsonage, and the application of the pro- ceeds to the erection of a residence on a site adjoining St. Andrew's Cathedral. Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL opposed the bill on tile ground that it would deprive the parish of a property pur- chased for the incumbent of the parish, and devote ' the proceeds to a diocesan purpose, namely, the erec- tion of a deanery. He moved that the bill be read a second time this day six months. ' Mr. RICHARDSON objected to the ground adjacent to the Cathedral being built upon, and said that the bill sought improperly to interfere with trusts for church purposes. Mr. C. CAMPBELL opposed the bill, urging that it would take a parsonage from a parish that might in a short time have a parish church, and give the proceeds of the sale to the completion of a deanery. This he considered wrong on constitutional, legal, equitable, and ecclesiastical grounds. Mr. DARLEY also opposed the bill on similar grounds, contending that the parsonage belonged to ' the so-called parish, and could no more be sold with a view to use the proceeds for a deanery than could St. James's parsonage be sold for that purpose. Sir T. A. MURRAY thought the present bill afforded an instance of the necessity for being extremely watchful over legislation upon private bills. He thought the objections to it had great force. "With a view to further information on matters trë.<iWtl of in the bill, the debate was adjourned till this day(Thursday) week. The House went into committee on the Burr and Thistle Bill, but no clause was passed, and the Chair- man having left the chair, obtained leave to sit again this day fortnight. The House, at twenty minutes before 8 o clock, adjourned till this day (Thursday). » IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Ministers, in answer to questions, said:-That the papers in Dr. Beer's case, and the report of the Council of Education, Vfould be laid on the table in a few days; that no order had been issued by the Government to stop the pay of Government officers absent from work; and that since 1855, £148,114 10s. 5d. had been expended for fortifications, batteries, guns, and warlike stores. Petitions were presented by Mr. BCCHANAN- from Eliza Colwell, of Wambalong, praying relief; and by Mr. KING, from Mr. T. S. Mort, in opposition to the proposed duty upon sheet, bar, rod, and other iron. Mr Lonn moved the adoption of the report of the Committee of the Whole on the Customs Duties Mill- , , ,." * Mr. BUCHANAN and Mr. LLOYD opposed the biil at great length. . Mr. SAMUEL explained the various points on which he objected to the bill as it now stood. Much as he vins opposed to the ad valorem duties, u tney were to he imposed, their collection ought to be made as effectual as possible. That was not the case now, for some of the amendments moved by the Opposition, and acceded to by the Government, had the effect of crippling the bill. . Mr. "W. FORSTER hardly thought it desirable to adopt so great an innovation upon our Customs laws as that embodied in this bill, merely for the sake of ' securing so small an addition to our revenue as would bo obtained. Small as it was, he doubted much whether even that would be secured, or whether the beneficial results which was expected from the bill would be attained. Mr. HOSKJKS considered there was eomo, force in the objections stated by Mr. Samuel, and thought the Gov ernment would uo well to give them, more weight than they felt disposed to do. He spoke at'some length in favour of ad valorem duties. , Mr. FmvATiucx looked upon the bill as so pbjec tionable in every way, aa to justify any amount of opposition at any stage of it. Ile moved the re-* committal of the "bill.' The amendment was negatived by 20 to 11.' The adoption of the report was carried without division.; Sir JAMES MAIITIN resumed the adjourned debate on the second reading of the Military and Naval Forces Regulation Hill. He denied that there was nny intention to establish a standing army. All that ' the Government contemplated was, to engage a small force for the defence'of our prin- cipal ports.' The bill did not specify any number .of men,.but left that to be decided by^Par liament, which, in voting the money for their main- tenance, would have full power in its hands to limit the number ns it thought proper. All that the bill did was to allow the Government to place, under proper discipline any force which the Pailiament might sanction. , The question, then, was this-Was it proper that -we-should have a defence force of any kind? No OKe' would deny that it was our duty to defend ourselves; .and though it would have been better to have a Uritish regiment, .still, as the Uritish troops had been taken away,' we must be prepared to look after ourselves. Already we have spent £1-18,000 in forts] and armament-a large sum, but expended! for ' the general good and that alone. Some six or seven batteries had been erected as our outer line of defence, and there were some six or seven otheis forming the inner line. In these were mounted a large number of heavy and valuable guns, which with the fortifications ought not to be left without a guard to protect them from mischievous or traitorous persons. This could not be done without a regular force, for besides the guarding it wat, necessary to have the guns constantly moved and looked after, and thus a fixed foiced was necessary. In no country in the vvoild were fortresses entiusted to volunteeis or militia ; but even if they were so employed they vvould have to be ptiid higher than men regularly engaged Ile explained the military system pursued ni the United States, Canada, and Prussia, urging that, even in the Republic of the Stars, the nucleus of an army was preserved for guarding the forts, and to provide officers for an extended force in time of need. He dwelt upon the necessity for having skilled troops, first to guard our foi te, and next as a rallying point round which our Volunteers might cluster in time of danger. He admitted all the services which had been perioimed at various times by Volunteers ; but they vvould be a very expensive force if tiley were called out. A regular force, however, might be obtained at a very small advance »upon the English pay. The force it was contemplated to em- ploy was one battery of artillery and two companies of infantry, or three hundred men in all. The House, however, would always have this in its own hands, as it vvould have the voting of the sup- plies which were to pay them. The measure ought not to be regarded as a party question, for the Govern- ment had no interest in it beyond their desire to secure the public welfare, and to show the Uritish Government that though they had deserted us we are still able to protect ourselves. Mr. J. STBWAKT saw no necessity for the construc- tion of these forts, which he denounced as a waste of money in themselves, and inducing further expense by rendering necessary such a force as that which was now asked for. The bill now before the líouse involved much more serious results than appeared upon the face of it. Thoy might depend that if once j tiley permitted the establishment of this force there vvould be a gradually increasing outlay, which no power of the House vvould be able to check. Mr. BUTLEU agreed that this ought not to be treated as a party question, and trusted that lion, members would not so deal w ith it. Most of the arguments used by the Premier had, m his opinion, nothing to do with the question ; and reviewing these arguments, he contended that the country vvould bo much better protected by a citizen force 'than by Buch a paid force as that which ' the Government proposed. To such men as the Premier suggested-men who would engage for a little more than the English military pay-he vvould not trust the safety of, a househojd, still less; the maintenance of an important military position. He examined into the American and Prussian systems, and he contended that it was an extended volunteer or military system that we required here. He pressed upon the House to look at the citizen armies of America, of Canada, and of Prussia, and to adopt such an army as that for the defence of the colony, rather than to fall back upon the standing army, ol which, if once established, they would never be able to rid themselves. Captain ONSLOW considered that two questions were involved in this measure :-First, whether a force was necessary ; and next, whether this bill was required for its regulation. Ile believed that not only was the force required, but this measure also. At the same time, 150 men would, in his opinion, be quite sufficient for all the purposes required, as that number would form a sufficient guard ; whilst in time of action it could be supplemented by the Naval Brigade and the Volunteer Artillery. It vvould be iapossible to establish a militia here, or if it were established it must be restricted to die coast districts, for it could never be applied to the interior. Then if they adopted a system based upon that of Prussia, it vvould be found fur more expensive than the present proposal, and would never answer here. It was necessary at the present time that they should do something, for they might at any time expect war, and if so they would be sure to be attacked. It was a contingency which might arise, and on that ground he advocated this expenditure as justifiable, if only as an insurance ; and if any other country members would support him, he would move that the expense be paid by a special tax upon the people of Sydney. Mr. AV. FOBSTEU moved the adjournment of the debate, which was negatived by 26 to 15. Mr. LEAHY denounced the construction of these lortifications without the authority of Parliament. He believed that England was willing and quite capable of protecting us, and on that ground'he objected to going to any great expense. At the same time, as we have these forts he was willing to see them protected and manned, but certainly not by a regular force. Ile mentioned a plan which had been suggested to himjby a Volunteer officer, and thought that this plan would answer much better than having a standing force kept up for all time to come, at a cost of £20,000 a year, through long years of peace. Mr. SAMVEL moved the adjournment of the House ; and the motion was negatived. Mr. E. FonsTEit supported tue Bin, ana xhough lie had the highest opinion of the Volunteers, he be- lieved that they alone would not be sufficient ior all purposes of defence. A paid and standing force was necessary, as the nucleus of an army that might form a rallying point round which the Volunteers might range themselves. The danger of war was not yet all over, and there was no knowing how soon there would be a fresh declaration of war. AVe ought to be prepared, and when we were known to be so, an enemy would think twice before he attacked us. On the motion of Mr. SAMUEL, the debate was ad- journed to tliis day. The House adjourned at twenty-nine minutes past eleven until three o'clock this day. So many years have passed since the BOUR- DONS were enthroned in France, that many of our readers have hardly heard their names. It may be necessary at the present crisis, therefore, to give a brief outline of their history since the revolution which cast them out of France, and gave the reins of power to the Emperor. The father of Lons PHILIPPE, the last King of France, perished on the scaffold. He is one of the enigmas of history. All that is certain is that he was a man of profligate habits, and lent himself to the revolutionary movements of the day, by which he was ultimately des- troyed. He left behind him a son and daughter, who were trained by the celebrated Madame DE GENLIS, governess to the Orleans family, a woman of great ability and of doubt- ful reputation, but who, apparently with fidelity to her task, trained her young charge. She continued in that capacity until Louis PinurrE arrived at the state of manhood ; assisted [of course by many teachers. After the fall of the Royal family, and many disas- ters, the brother and sister, with Madame . DE GEKLIS took refuge in Swit r zerland. ; Here they lived in great retirement. But finding the position danger- ous, the young Prince assumed an incognito and entered as Professor in a small college on the borders of Franco. Afterwards he went to America, and then to England; and his sister found protection in one of the Italian Royalfamilies. On the restoration of the BOTTRHONS Louis PHILIPPE returned to France, withihis house- hold, his wife being a descendant of the famous MARIA THERESA of Germany. The relations * between the .elder, and. the younger branches of the BOURDONS were never cordial, and it required great tact on'thc part of Louis PIULIF.PE to escape the imputation of dis- loyalty. Louis XV1IL," brother of Louis XVI., who was beheaded, died upon his throne. He was succeeded by his ,brother CHARLES X., who was driven from it, and who, with the present Count CHAMBORD, then a child, and his heir, passed into exile. This, the i last sui vi vor of the» elder blanch, it is said, is wanting in that energy which results from rribial' control, and is .unlikely to reappear. ? Louis PHILIPPE continued to rule until 1848, when a strange combination of ciicum stances,, M. Guizox being his Piemicr, pie cipitated his flight, and opened the way again for a Republic, and finally for the Empire. Count E-E PARIS is the son of the Duke of ORLEANS, the son of Louis Pirn.irri;. 'His father died in consequence of injuries received by being thrown norn his chariot. This Prince was deeply lamented as being one of the most promising members of the Royal family, as well as heir to the Crown. He left a widow and two children. His wife was tlie daughter pî a Ger- man family, and of a very amiable character. She was, hprself a sincere Protestant, and lived and died in the reli- gion of her fathers, receiving at the same time the utmost respect fiom the Court of France, and, indeed, almost being idolised as a perfect being by 'all who knew her. In her own countiy, before her marriage, she was distinguished by her simplicity and benevolence, and in a higher state by her humility and condescension. "When the Revolution of 1848 came it was attempted to proclaim her as Regent of France. Indeed, she appeared in the Assembly. Her two sons were carried to the same place, but a revolutionary mob broke in and stopped all the proceedings of the House, and LAMARTINE made himself lord of the crisis by proposing a Provisional Government. It was then that the Count HE PARIS, the heir of the ORLEANS family, was in imminent danger of his life. A wretch seized him by the throat and tried to suffocate him, in the midst of the mob which crowded the Assembly. But a gigantic man, whose name was never discovered, raised his fist and knocked the barbarian down, and thus saved the young Prince from the danger of instant death. His younger brother was swept off by the crowd, and got into the hands of some persons who took care of him. But his mother was some da}'s before she re- covered the child. "With her young son, she found refuge in that country which is so often abused by foreign nations, and to which they all send their fallen- princes and per- secuted patriots. Perhaps this noble office, by which England has given shelter, 'is drawing to a close, and the " silvery stream" which flows round her may be crossed by hostile fleets, so that she may no longer be, as she has been for hundreds of years, the íefugc of the oppressed. During their absence from France, the descendants of the ORLEANS family have re- ceived the best possible education consistent with their circumstances in life. They have liad oveiy advantage which they could enjoy in exile. Though not publicly recognised, they have been always welcome. They have travelled in most parts of the British dominions, and ha* e had opportunities of seeing the workings of English institutions. Several papers of con- siderable mei it have appeared under the signature of Count RAYMOND, but which are said to have been written by the Count DE PARIS. During the American war, in com- pany with his brother, he took part in the first struggles of the United States, we pre- sume more for the sake of the military experience to be acquired than from any great zeal for the cause. At all events, he soon relinquished that position. The course of the Imperial Government to- wards the ORLEANS family, if not unjust, 'has been extremely rigorous. They have not only been foi bidden to enter France, which might be expected, but their private property has been sold by compulsion, and every effort made to destroy their relations with their native country. These are the unhappy contingencies of civil conflict. The triumphant party cannot trust those who are conquered, because nothing is more clear than that all triumphs are ephemeral, and that the hero of to-day will be the victim of to-morrow. Count DE PARIS will probably be called to the throne of France when the Republic has run its short career. This will not probably be attempted in the first instance, although it will be fortunate if all the great parties unite in one choice. The restoration of NAPOLEON is encompassed with so many difficulties that it will haidly be accomplished, but attempts will be successfully made to prevent at first the re establishment of a regular and permanent Government. We have yet to see what course the armies will take who were companions of his captivity, and who must feel themselves in part the companions of his disgrace, j Still there is no apparent refuge for France but in monarchical institutions, and there is no probable candidate but a blameless young man, whose name is connected with many traditions of liberty, and who has not been dishonoured by any conduct unworthy of his rank and aspiiations. It is a greatj"blessing for France, at least, (hat the old quarrel between the different branches of Bourbons is not likely to be extended. That country is most unhappy that is beset by pre- ' tenders, whose names are the rallying point for ambition and discontent. Such has been the lot of Spain for many a day. It was, in ages past, the misfortune of England. Although the Divine right of kings has gone to the "tombs of the CAPULLTS" and is not likely to be restored in the consciences of the people, it is not altogether extinct in the code of despotism. It has always been under- stood to be a cherished conviction of WILLIAM or PRUSSIA thafr he is a chosen instrument of Divine power, and that opposition is not rebellion against himself only, but against God. He is over seventy-five years of age, and the last ac- counts report him to be sick. He is not immortal, and with him the dangerous and | intoxicating tradition may pass away. It is, however, for many reasons desirable, that the possession of power should be settled by conditions not likely to be distAirbed, and that the factious contentions for supiemacy should be ended in an hereditaiy throne. M. Guizox has written a letter to the Assembly of France, and th\s refers to the Princes of the House of Orleans. "They aie Princes," he says, " but they are not pretenders. This they have said and proved since 1848. Neither at the moment of their fall, nor under the, Republie, nor under the Second Empire of france have they presented themselves as th"e heirs of, the throne. I do "not 'judge, \~<lx> ruft discuss (heir attitude, I only record it. Always prepared to serve France, they did not claim any title to govern, it. Whatever they may do, they ha\vc remained, and will remain, always Princes. They will never be usurpers." - i The meaning of M. Gur/.e-T , evidently is, that though they are prepared to accent the throne, they will not form a party to ob\tain it by conquest. Tin; Government has certainly before ü a difficult task in contriving a satisfactory mcasuic for a Defence Force. It has to avoyl the double mistake of wasting money, and o»f being inefficient. The colony cannot afford to be extravagant, and at the same time it, cannot afford to be undefended. The subject is one that does not in any way touch oa pai ty politics, and it is to be hoped it will theiefore be considered dispassionately and thoroughly. It is open to the colony, if it likes, to adopt the Quaker policy of non- resistance-to leave the city undefended, and appeal to the generosity of its country's enemies, and the honour of priva- teers ; and to calculate that the cost of an occasional indemnity paid to buy off a bom baulment will be less than the annual charge tor defence. Eut hitherto the colonies have not attained to the degree of faith necessary to cany out that policy with calmness and con- fidence. , But the moment we resolve on defending ouiselves we aie compelled to face the fact lhat we must make the system of defence thoroughly effective. A weak defence is worse than useless, and rather invites attack than discourages it. Money is thrown away on batteries and battalions, unless they are ieally equal to the task for which they are designed. .'The system of defence may possibly be .called to pi ove its efficacy against a sudden attack from a great naval Power, and its capabilities must be tested by the maximum strain to which it is likely to be exposed. A íailway bridge is not considered safe unless it is capable of bearing a heavier weight than is likely to pass over it, and a system of defence must also be condemned as unsatis- factory unless it is capable of bearing any sudden shock to which it is likely to be ex- posed. There are some things which we have no reason to fear. Thanks to our remote and insular position, Sydney need not ap- prehend the sight of a gi eat invading army circling it as .Paris has been circled, cutting it off from communication with the interior, arid starving it into submission. But it may have to cope with a small but effec- tive landing force intended to co-operate with a naval attack. The enemy how- ever must come by sea, must bring his troops and ammunition with him, and must have his base of operations at a great distance. No Power has any es- tablishment near our coasts except France, at New Caledonia and Tahiti, llussia and America have arsenals in the Pacific Ocean ; but any expedition thence must make a long journey. Any attack, therefore, must be one with limited means at its disposal, which in any severe effort would become quickly expended, and would not be easily capable of prompt and continuous reinforce- ment. All these things are in our favour, and so far simplify the problem before us. A continuous and sustained attack is not one of the probabilities against which we have to guard. The special danger is that of a sudden and severe assault ; and the defence, therefore, must be adequate to meet the particular ask. It would be to no purpose to say that we should have been able to resist a more prolonged attack, or one coming with fuller notice. At the present moment a war vessel might bring its own news, and even when tele- graphic communication shall have been esta- blished, a sudden break in the line may leave us without intelligence from Eui ope or America for a month, and in the present extremely unsettled state of the world no one can tell what a month may bring forth. We have now constructed and armed several batteries, which, for a certain work, can be made effective. But to get all the vii tue out of them, we require gunners thoroughly skilled in the range, a reserved foi ce to meet casualties, and a system under which the men can be at their posts at very short notice. We have seen as yet no state- ments of the full complement of men required to work the present system, but satisfactory information on this point is necessary before Parliament can give its sanction to the forma- tion of any defensive force. It mustbe made quite clear that the force which is to be paid for will be sufficient both in quantity and quality. There are a good many old soldiers knocking about the colony, but it by no means follows that to col- lect them together will give us what _ we lequire. With the proper training and disci- pline, young, active, and athletic men are the most suitable for working the big guns, and the colony cannot afford simply to take^ on idlers who have been accustomed to a soldier's life, and who, not having found a place in the industrial army, are willing for daily pay to be called soldiers again. To man the batteries we shall require a thoroughly effective force, and not merely men whose military reputation rests on tradition. At the samo time mea who have seen service, and been, under fire, will be better than raw hands, if in other respects they are satisfactory. No definite statement has yet been made as to the real aost of the proposed force, nor how far what is proposed to be done this year is a complete systi-m or only an instal- ment. We liave in many matteis suffered fiom piecemeal legislation-from having only fractions of a particular policy disclosed by degrees. In the matter of defence this will not do. It is too " important to be trifled with, and Parliament must discuss the question as a whole, with a full and clear perception of all the ultimate consequences of the plan to which it gives its sanction. It must be clearly understood, if we are to adopt the plan of a local army, what is to be the maximum of its size, how it is to be officered, and what it is to cost. We cannot afford to play at soldiers, or to pay for anything that is not worth the money. The only other alternative to that of a little standing army is some imitation of the Swiss or Prussian system.; It is not known, whether the Government have at ral seriously studied the possibility of carrying out such a scheme, or what would be the effeetive force that, after allowing for all exemptions, Sydney could be calculated on to furnish for its own defence. Of bourse, the larger the number of trained men in the city, the greater will be tiie reputation of strength, and, so f.ir, there will be less disposition to molest us. With any number of trained men, suitable battery sites might be safely multiplied. At present there has been a severe limitation ' in this respect, ia order nQt to outrun the paucity of gunners. ""l'art of our system of defence consists in torpedoes. Of the efficacy of a torpedo, if exploded under a ship's bottom, there can be no 'doubt. The mechanical; part of the contrivance is perfect, but to make it effective* against hostile ships it is all e«ential that the explosion should take place at the, riebt time. To ensure this it is necessary that those entrusted with the-duty should be thoroughly up to their work,' and with nothing ' to learn in the moment of trial.', ' A ',finéTedged tool is of little use without fine- edged workmen to use it. | To 'do 'justico. to a system of torpedoes' we «hall" require a small, but select, boely of men set apart to the careful and elaborate study of their use. Not a" single torpedo ought to he explodod aimlessly ; and the knowledge that we have a skilled corps who could almost guarantee that ¡they would fire every submarine mine at exactly the the right,! moment, would be a pretty 'good . deterrent to "any attempt to force the pa&sage; of the harbour. With torpedoes carefully laid it is possible to determine with the greatest nicety when "a ship is over their moorings', and those who are called upon to work the system should be thoroughly familiar with it, in order to avoid confusion and mistakes. At present we do not quite know who is to be considered really in charge of the system of defence, and in war an uncertain and divided responsibility is one of the greatest of evils. "DISTRICT COURT.-Cause List: Hovenden v. Wann, Steward v. Duffy, Bell v. Hawkins, Nixon v. Mor»hy, Zuccaniv. Bubb, Hamilton and another v. Eu- row, Hamilton and another v. Bennett, Hamilton and another v. Wilson, Hamilton and anothor v. Milligan, Steak v. Sue, Walker v. Benjamin, Harper and another v. Duggan, Nicholl v. Pearce, Hurloy v. Edwards, Rooko v. .Hillman, Elliott and another v. Cain, Catnb y. Hamburgor, Taylor and another v. robinson, /uccani v. Alleyno, Bakouwoll v. Doylo, Rudd v. Dixon, Uhdo and anothor v. Jicrnor, White and another v. Dunn, Kosten v. Gordon, Davie v. Harding. TATTERSALLS'.-After the settling on the Home bosh Races a fow Calcutta sweeps wore got up on the Svdnoy Gold Cup. One example will servo to show tho favour in wliieh tho rospectivo horses woro held., In a sweep amounting to £10 tho following sales wera mado : little Dick, £5 5s.; Blaithwaito, £1 15s.; Romula, £1 30«. ; Tim "Wliifiler, £4 5B. ; The Pearl, £3 15a. ; Tho Euko, £4; Juanita, £2: Sir John, £2; Al, £1 15s.; TituB, Illumination and Florence, £1 10s. each, and Tho . Quack £1 6s. YOLUKTEBR CRICKET CLUB. - A meeting of members of the Volunteer Forco of all arms was convonod liiet evening, at tho Victoria Barracks, Paddington, with llio intention of forming a Volunteer Criokot Club. Tho ? chair was occupied by Colonel Richardson. Tbo follow- ing resolution, " That it is dosirable to form a cricket club in connection with the Volunteer force," was moved by Major Richards, seconded by Major Raymond, and carried unanimously. A second resolution determined that members of all arms of the Voluntoor forco, including tho Naval Brigade, should bo eligible to join the club. A third resolution iixed the annual subscription at ¡fil, payahlo in advanco, either yearly or half-yearly. A fourth resolved that tho formation of the club and tho olub yoar should dato from tho 1st May, 1871. And a fifth provided for tho management of tho club, vesting the control ot ita affairs in o com- mittee of nine members, to bo elected annually in tho Month of March, exclusivo of tho office-bearers who Bhould bo ex offiiio members of such committeo. 'Tho live fol- lowing resolutions appointed office- bearers. The 0th reso- lution was to the effect,-" That Lieutonant-Colonol Kichardson should be requested to accopt tho ollico of Prosident of tho Club." Tho 7th resolution requested Majors Eavinond, Shepherd, Goodlet, and Captain Hixson to accept oflico as Vico-Presidonts, The 8th resolution appointed Captain Wilson and Lioutenant Strong lion, sec- retaries ; and the 0th, elected Mr. Brownlow hon. treasuror. By tho 10th resolution Major Richards, Cap- tain Bajnes, Captain Scott (Artillery), D. Kelly (No. 5), Cowlishaw (No, 2). J. W. M'Cutohcon (No 0), Stick (Balmain), C. Gregory (Artillery), Lioutenant Jackson (N.B.), wero appointed a general committeo for tho ensuiugycar. Tho 11th rcBolution requested the com- mitteo to prepare a code of rules for submission to a geneial meeting of the club on n future day, and in tho meantime, to receive subscriptions, and take measures for bringing the club into activo operation. The proceedings terminated with a cordial vote of thinks to tho chairman, propoBodby Major Raymond and seconded by Major Kicharde. ' DISCOVERY OF A TRAVELLER'S SWAG NEAR TO GOVETT'S LEAP, BLACKHEATH.— On Saturday, tho 8th instant, as Messrs. G. M'Donnell, of the Town Hall, Sydney, and J. Ensor, of Botany, were crossing a gully in the above locality, they found lying on a clear grassy piece of land, a swag, near which was a pair of trousers made of light coloured bedford cord. The swag was neatly strapped up. On the outside was a pair of stirrup irons, inside wore several articles of clothing, a razor, brush, pair of new shoes, some tobacco, &c.;, also a small parcel of letters, from which it appears that the name of tho owner of the things was George Dobsworth, that he is respectably con- nected, and has relatives residing in Kent, England. The articles were in a fair state of preservation, and had appa- rently lain about two months where they were discovered. Near the swag were the remains of a camp fire. Whoever camped there, however, must have been very deficient of bush experience, as much better spots could be obtained for the purpose within a short distance of the place. Search was made for human remains, but none were found. The trees are marked around the place, so that should any one have reason to visit the spot, it could be found without much difficulty. The swag and contents were taken away, and can be had by applying and giving a description, to Mr. Samuel Ensor, Blue Mountain Station, Great Western line. RIVLE SHOOTING.-NO. 5 COMPANY S.U.V.R. *lha following members ot this company attended at tho Rlfla Range, Paddington, on Saturday, tho 8th April, to entúpete for tho tenth time for their standing and euWrip iion prizes, and for n pri/.e, under separato handicap, offered by Mr. "Wark. Mr. Norman had offered a pri/.o for recruits, but owing to the absenco of a number of thoso for whom the prizo was intended it was reserved for noxt month, when a large attendance is expected. Tho standing prizo has to bo shot for twelve times, nnd the winner is the h'gheet aggregate Bcorer. The subscription prices go tho next highest 10, excluding the winner of tho standing prize. Private Goary was top on Saturday with tho good Hcoro of 42, and allowanco of 12-total 54. Colour-sergoant Marshall was winner of Mr. "Wark's prize, with. 44 points and an allowance of 1-total 45. The weather was fino ; wind light from E. by N. The following aro tho scoros, with the handicap allowance for the month : i | | iii " , - £ ?Tiiiate Geary 42 12-51 Private Norman ...21 12-33 Col-Sorg Marshall 44 0-14 Wark ., 21 12-33 Sergeant Foskctt 41 1-42 Parkinson ... 17 15 32 Corporal Hickson... 30 C-30 Sergeant Brewster... 23 0-23 Hardy ., 27 G-33 Tho following aro the highest scores under soparato handi- caps for Mr. "Work's prize : Col.-Scrg. Marebnll 44 1-45 Sergeant Poskett ... 41 1-12 J mate Geary . 42 2-44 Corporal Hickson ... 30 2-32 MURRUMBIDGEE MAIZENA.-If any instance yore wanted (says the Yan Courier of Tuesday) to provo llio utility and advantage arising from holding "local exhi- bitions or competitions, wo think the fact that at tho show Jo-morrow a Pimplo of about 2 lbs. weight of maizena, or torn Hour, manufactured by a settler on the banks of the JJlurrmnbidgco River, will bo on view, would be a sufficient one. A. aamplo ef tho product was brought to our office yesterday, and although wo do not set ourselves up as judges of the article, still any person can perceive that it win bear moro then favourable comparison with tho cora iiournow so lai goly imported and sold in the stores. Tho Kinrolo is puro white, has an excellent feel, and possessos all tho qualities ofthebest brands to be procured. Since «lu snow was announced to tako placo, Mr, Rvder-the mettler to whom vio rofer-thought ho would try tho M and ho has succeeded most aumir ?1 in! e Wluzc¡na was made from 90-day, or ""Ti, . c?m,< er,own on the blmks o£ the Murrumbidgee, frl"íc^cfftícdthat nbont fourteen lbs. can bo made iourVhnw1^ C,0nV Tho corn is vvoith from three, to w^iSJl.?gBath-0 ^ol-tbo manufactured articlo sells, iYoÄl f' m tte YaB9 8toreB nt ls- 6d- Pßr »?. M toat 21« MT£ ,COra ,conT<"t«l in'o mai/ena would return trim T,ffr ca Culatea that at even Is. per lb. tho ÏT Zf b° C0?6"lerablc, and intends when the proper a ÜLH i"S ^d!rect his attention to its manufacture on h«W?T, J ?b,ls >'ear h0 llM- by wav o£ experiment, A7îCd el|?ht J* lcn »>'. weight. It appears that iVTnV"^^nnvcr,tcd int0 mai/ena only when ina grcon "2*''e'a:d wi,b ih0 rude «PPliances he used in 011Ä ^ if we '»aizena, ho can prepare with his own labour about twenty-eight lbs.of the article per day. «ÄwV?, ^ ¥XUY'S SEMINARY.-Last -nef,!, St-Mary's Christian Doctrino Confraternity MasalL, rUoDccrtinSt- Mary's Seminary. Thero was a largo audience, which filled tho schoolroom through ii< rh .1 i>roer,"mm,e was a very extensive one, containing -t'ÏJ "-vf8ül0Bi d,<"t9, trios, quartettes, and choruses, Î >«,.',. ofilm"ul>« of encores, tho result being that v hil Li^'"""«VT nece8»arily protracted to a somo ltd t .lit 1 ^eaily overy itcm on tho profrrammo was r oiuo!y/{nderedl.an,d «warded with applause. The WrcvHin"kin,P?rti? by n choir of about thirty voices, rirav^' ln-C(Uted> . °M-"8eo our ours with feathered 11 condmfT g reCelTíd Tth 0SPeciftl f"Tur- Tho duties AT? ably sustained by Mr. J. Caskin ; and " eaimour,,n Ur?nctcd,"8 "«"oompanist. The proceeds 4 C«"S E°t0 pUrchaM priKC8 {or «Mton attend. TUE INSPIRATION OF SCRIPTUMS -Yesterday evening, m connection with the Young Men's Christian Association, an interesting and mstruitivc lecture was de- livered in tho Temporáneo HnH, Pitt-street, br tho Rev John Graham, on " 1 ho Inspiration of the Holy Scrip- ture " lhere wns a very largo an J attontivo au Junee 1 he chair was oienpicd by the Hon John Hav ,MLC, who introduced tho rov lei turor vi ith a fiw appropn iii romirks \- tho proceedings having been first opencü by piavorolltred up bj the Rov R Morris Tho rev leiturir beran by brie«) stating tho nature of the íniüoit mt subject upon vihich he proposed to address them In treating of it he should first have to invite them to con- sider in what sonso it was flint the Holy Sonpluros wore inspired seeondlv, to considu vi hat proof thora was of BUih inspiration thirdly, what were tho objections com- monly urged against it, and. fourthlj ,vvh it wore tho lissons which it bchov id thom to take fiom a serious nud imparti il consideration of the sublet In addressing hniisolf to tho first subdivision of his subiect tho nv lecturer deiincd the ordinary moaning attached to tho word " inspiration," which v\as often used to imply (ho fctivo exercise of tho mtelloctuil faculties undci tho impulse of a feivid imagination but that tho fenn vi as applied hy the wnters of tho Now Testament in a far higher senso, and with a muih moro spec lal signi- ficance, must boivident to nil who studied that book, wherein it was clearly used to denoto a direil notion lif the Divine Mind upon tho human mind, in such a mnnnoi that tho latter was supornatumlly infonned, and enabled to communicate tho mfoinialion so directlv recen ed from tho Spirit of God ThiswiiB cvidentlv the sonso in which tho Saviour applied it to tho words of David, when ho spnkc " m the spirit," nnd such wns the inspiration attri- buted bj Christ to the lnngunfro of Isaiah when ho road a portion of tho book of that prophet in tho synagogue at Nn7nrcth, nnd expounded tho pns«nge to the unbelieving Jovis Lvidcntly Our Lord regarded all tho Old Testa- ment Scriptures as written undoi the direct inspiration of God , that is-that what was communieited by tho writers ot those books tarni from God, through tho influence ho was pleased to exercise upon tho minda of certain chosen men. Tho lectuior gavo aovoral instances m proof of his asscition, and proceeded to say that it wa» clearly to bo mf erred that Christ regarded tho Scriptuics then written as ixempt from nil error, and as tho received depositories ot all truth Tho Apostle St Peler also spoko of Sonpture as "the suro word of pro- phecy," whereunto thoy wero all to take hoed, and doclared that that " prophooy carno not in old timo uy the will of man, but that holy men of God snake as thoy wero moved by tho Holy Ghost " That apostle clearly declared that Scripture to bo of no"pnvato interpretation,' implying that even what had boon so said and written had not boon fully explicable to tho prophots themselves, but that they had so written nnd spoken as thov had boen borno along bv tho Holy Spirit St Paul in tho 3rd chapter of tho Second Xpihtlo to Timothy-1 Ith, ICth, and 17th versos authontativolv taught tho same doitnno as to the Divine inspiration of Scripture, and the end and obiei t of such inspiration Tho rev lecturer commented for a low moment« upt n the ixact meaning of tho stronglj ixprossed torniä of tho lGth verse-in which tho doctrino of a plonaij inspiration of Scripture is insisted upon by the npostlo to tho Gentiles-and defended the critical examination of the construction of the passage in tho original translation of tho authorised version by a Greek, quoting from Dr Honderson's Lectures upon In- spiration, pages 22 and 23. Ihe rov gontloman also for- tified his view by referring to numerous other passages, to show that tho ."oracular announcements" of God wero regarded by the'apostles as Christians now regard them, without anv qualification whatever Ho dwelt also on tho evidence of tho outhonty ascriDed to tho Sacred Sinptures of tho Old Testament, as manif ostcd by the fact that in tho i-pistles and in the Book of Revelations alone thero Wero not less than 450 passages in which those books wero either expreSBly quoted, or v ory clearly referred to by tho Now Testament wnters In St Paul s Epistles alone, 250 such quotations and nferences had been distinctly traced All this vient to shew that the apostles and earliest Christians believed that tho wnters so referred to were specially in- fluenced bj God to wnto nothing but wh it was needed for tho intellectual nnd spiritual benefit of man and for tho greater glory of God From this point in his argument, tho rev lecturer passed on to an impressive comment on tho recorded words of tho Word in the lllb Chapter of St John's Gospel, 15th, lGth, 17th, 18th, and 26th versos The lecturer aruged tliat pnB3age and Romans ix. 1, 1st Corinthians ii , 10th 11th, 12th, Uth, and lGth , Galatians in , 14th, and other texts in tho Apostolic EpiBtles, i learly proved that a Divino inspiration for tho teaching of the writorsof the Now Testament was authontitivoly placed upon precisely tho same footing as that ilsew hero attributed to tho Si nptures of tho Old Tistament Ho explained that tho inspiration thus attributed wns not a mochamcil, or (ns it was sometimes termed) dynamic infiuonco, and that tho Divine inspirition used, sustuned, und stimulated the nntuial gifts of tho persons so inspued, thus accounting for the great variety of individual expres- sion to what were fully rovoilcd constituted a perfect Sys- tem of truth, obviously designed bj one great superintend- ing, ever-present, all knowing, and loving mind for the olevation and for tho happiness of man In the second subdivision of his subject tho rov lecturer ndvanood cogent nnd conclusivo proofs of the inspiration of Sonpture from a variety of arguments of an abstract character, and pointed out tho impossibilitv of sotting forth any other reasonable bjpothesiB which vvould account for tho existence of Clmstiunit}, for the motives of thoBO who first taught it, ind for tho many other difficulties which could only be solved hythe hypothesis of the inspiration of tho Scrip- tures and of those who wrote them He touched also upon the proofs ntiorded by the fulfilment of prophecy, the in- creasing nnd deathless pow er of CLnstianity as an institu- tion, and tho utter Bbsuitiity of supposing that all this cuuld have come from tho concurrenco of a largo number of men in vi hat was false, and without uny intelligible motive He urged tho madness and folly of those who tnid to reduce all to the level of their own negations, and the frightful effect of any amount of success in the attempt to reduce man to the etato ot a beast, without the elevating idea of a rovealed God Ile insisted also upon the lofty, olovnting and ennobling ehnmctorof Christianity ns a proof of ltsDivinoongin, and its wonderful, its my stenous adaptation to the inner feelings of men in all ages, since the eommg of Chnst Ilia lecturer also frankly and full) stated several objections to tho hypothesis of tho inspiration contended for, and cmcluded hy pointing out a few practical lessons which might bo lenrned from the subject undoi consideration The lecture, of which this is only a meagro outline, was listened to throughout with marked attention, and at «nany of the more eloquent passages (nicessnuly omitted in this brief notice) tbero was n loud and pro- longed applause At the conclusion of the lecture a v otc of thanks WUB awarded to the reverend lecturer, who ex- pressed his satisfaction in being there to defmd thoir common Chnstiamty. A genoral desire was o\prcsscd that tin lecture should lie published After a voto of thanks to the chairman, tho proceedings terminated with tho doxologv and tho benediction HoMEBUsn RACES -SETTLING NICHT -A meeting was held last evening at Tattcrsall's, tor the Êurposo of settling on the Homebush Meeting Mr linfroy w ns votid into tlio chair Tho following sums were paid over in pmes -Mr John'1 ait, £2i0 10s , Mr Harvey, £201 10s , Mr Lamont, £8G os Mr. Jones, £ l8 10s Mr Eather, £28 10s , and smallor stakes amounting to £27, makn g a total of £612 os Mr. Harvey and Mr Tait each ord red in a do¿en of champagne, and tho usual toasts wero y lepostd, drank, and responded to. Tho general sotthng wat, considered satisfactory, no defaulters being named. CASE OI DROVAMNI, VND GALLANT ATTEVIPT AT RESCUE -From the newcastle Chronicle s report of an inquest wo obtain particulars concerning tho death of Mr Sy dney Chambers. It appears that deceased w as bathing, in company with some others, at the back of the Hospital, and after assisting in rescuing Mr Taylor, of the Theatre Royal, who was being carmd out by the undertow, was himself overcome by it. A coloured lad, of tho namo of John Ice, went to his assistance and succeeded in getting him on to the rocks, but in so battered and bufleted a etite as to be helpless. He was washed off tho rocks, but his body was again recovered by the samo lad, and finally got on shore, but lifo was extinct. Wo arc informed that de censed s body WBB fearfully cut and bruised, and had been so beaten about on the rocks, that all tho breath must havo been knocked out of him. Had the life line-which somo time since wns placed by subscription in the locality where the untoward a. aident has happened-been in its place, there IB overy reason to behevo that Mr Chambers might still bo amongst us, but, unfortunately, a woman, whose name we withhold, had appropriated it, and tho one fetched from tho hospital was not only too far off, but too short for the purposo when it arnvod to be of any sorvico Tho conduct of the lad leo (who is not 15 years of age) is given with more pnrUculanty in his ovideace. He say s -When I got on the hill by the hospital, I saw the deceased in the water Bwininung, I also saw a boy, nnmedj George Thompson, run to the edge of the rocks and point into tho water, 1 immediately ron down nnd saw Thompson bnnging m a lad named James Hoy 1 then ran to the boaoh, and I heard somi one call out that Sydney Chambers was getting drowned, I immediately pulled off my clothes, and I rushed into tho, water, thoro was a ropo brought down while I w SB taking off mj clothes, a lad, named RuseoU took bold of ont end of tho rope, and Mr Arnold held the shore ind, wo (Russell and myself) bwam, out, holding tho rope, to deceased, whom wo could soo floating face-down- ward whilo wo wero swimming out deieascd sank , when vie got out some distance tho rope wns not long enough , I let go nnd sw ii i out in deceased, tolling Russell to foteh the rope I got out to deceased, nnd caught hold of one of his arms, 1 swam to a rock with him, and lifted lus body on to the rocks, I then tailed Russell to fetch the rope, but he said he could not got o;or, is I held the upper pnrt of deceased s body on the rock I nibbod his chest, a wav o came and wabhed him off and myself in tho water 1 got separated from decci-ed, I thon got on tho rock nnd endeavoured to see deicased whon I jumped in thewntor I felt him near my feet, I then brought lum to a roek nearer in, whero I held hnu , a person hero brought tho rope and ried it on to tho deceased, I lot deceased go and ho waB thon takon to tho shore, whon I first took ho'd of deceased, froth was issuing fiom his mouth I think ho was dead. 1 ho jury found a vordict of " Accidental death by drowning," and added Ihe following ndtr "Thojurv wish to express thoir high sense of thebravciydispUyed by the lad leo, in endeavouring, at the risk of lua own lifo, to save that of deioascd and request the coroner to bnng it under the notno of tho Royal Humane Society." SiM-mrM m AN OID TASiiroNLD MISICIAN-}-" The Music of the future," and lang nuvj U stop tlwrc I 