ECHUCA, SATURAY, JOLY 1, 1871. The first of "July is observed as a public holi day in^ Victoria, in commemoration of the separation of the colony, from New South Walts. But, apart from this event, which is fast losing the interest originally attached to it. and becoming in the estimation of the majority of the colonists pretty nearly as an tiquated as Gunpowder Plot, the day is one whidh possesses a special importance for our selves, being the anniversary of the first pub lication of the Riveuine Hehald We cannot, therefore, depart from our established custom of devoting an article to this parti cular day. This journal has now been in existence for eight years, and we do not | think that any newspaper ever started in, thfse colonies has managed so long to eur-' vive such great difficulties and so manv draw hacks to success, as it has been our lot to struggle with. But our confidence in the, ultimate prosperity of this district has enabled us to work on, looking every year for those better days which sooner or later will bring with them the reward for our patience and j perseverance. They have not yet come. But there is every sign of their dawning; and we ■ I look round us with much pleasure and satisfac tion in the improving prospects of the district. Wo see industries springing into existence which a few years ago were scarcely dreamed of, and we feel thoroughly assured that othersr will yet be established which will give Echuca-.' an imporlance which was foretold for it years ago by that shrewd and far-seeing mail, our late lamented friend and • townsman, Mr. j Hopwood. Tt was strange that, although he felt satisfied in his mind that a great future was in store -for the town of his foundation, he had an antipathy 'to an increase of the population, and spoke scornfully of new comers as " interlopers." On this point we were always at issuo with him, being quite sure that neither this place nor any other can ever attain to greatness without a con siderable population This, it was thought by many, the railway wou|d have brought us. It did givo us a certnin increase, but there it Btopped, and very little alteration for the better in this respect took place until those industries to which we have alluded began to be established in, our neighborhood. These have received checks of various kinds; and Inst year being one of unusual disaster and de pression, in% consequence of unusually heavy floods, the interests of the district received a severe blow, from which it is: now slowly but surely recovering. We think therei can be no doubt in the minds of these who give tbo matter their "serious consideration that the factories which are now at work about us, or in course of preparation for early work, will be multiplied in the .course of a brief period very considerably. There is no locality in the whole of the colonies so. suitable for carrying on successfully the important and profitable industry of meat preserving, toge ther with its concomitant industries of ^tan ning and fellmongering. Enterprises of this description will start up about us in the j course of time in considerable numbers; and we entertain a very confident hope that ere long we shall have the pleasure of hailing the establishment of a woollen cloth manufactory in the locality. The numeroms sawmills, win".*1 busily engaged in; supplying the whole coiJ,.nv> anc* distant lands; also, with the valuable red gu\? timber of ilia Murray, will also increase, as a sheer necessity, as the demand for this des'v.1Option of wood is yearly advancing, and it will r^U-rc a vast number of mills to keep up the supply. The project of placing floating' mills on the nv'OP receives favor here and in other farts of the oountry, having only excited the disapproval of one correspondent of the Bencligo AavSr User, whose adverse remarks have been fully and ably replied to by that journal. We have ; no doubt the undertaking will be carried to a successful issue. As to ngriaultural pur suits in our neighborhood, on which many placed great reliance as sources of prosperity for the town and district, we can only say that as yet they have not made any appre ciable difference in our favor. Some few of the farmers have done tolerably well, and we hops the whole of them will be ultimately successful. The Echuca vineyard is a flou rishing concern, but it standsso, and the growth of the vine has not received the atten tion it deserves. While speaking of these in dustries, we cannot forbear alluding to the important question of irrigation. The forma tion of canals is a subject which should engage the grave consideration of all who are inter ested in the welfare of this district and of the whole colony; and if such a scheme as that proposed by the projectors of the Great North western Canal could be carried out, it would confer incalculable benefits upon us. A new era altogether would dawn upon us ; popula tion would increase, and industries would swarm about us in immense numbers. This is a question which this journal has dwelt upon from its earliest da3's with great persis -tenc}', in connection with that of locking ihe Murray; and we think it will be admitted we have done our duty very faithfully in that respect. We need not speak of the steam traffic on the river. We are indebted to it to' a considerable extent, but it is far mora bene ficial to Melbourne than to Echuca; and while the metropolis will receive all the ad vantages of the North-pastern railway, now in course of construction, we shall be robbed of the greater portion, at all events, of the up-stream traffic. However, as this is our birthday, we will not anticipate evil. In con ylusion, we would say that during our eight cears' career we have mads it our constant study to cousult the interests of Echuca and the adjoining districts j and according to pur means, and in the face of many discourag • iag obstacles, wo hope it will bs conceded that, we have acted honestly and faithfully towards, the limited community by which ri?e have beph supported. _ Owing to the unwonted pressure lipon 'otir. space,, rhany advertisements of, the. character usually reserved for our inside columns appear on our first and fourth pages. Our telegrams of the state of the rivers gi<*e the following as the.heights above summqr level i —Wngga Wagga, 19ft Oin; Balraiiald, 16ft Oin; Ilay, 16ft Oin ; Wahgunynlii 10ft 3in; 8wan Hill; 5ft loin,;. Echuca, 7.ft 6in. 1 he time for the annual municipal election 13 drawing sufficiency near to make it 'a matter of some little interest and speculation who the coming men are likely to be. Many .rumours, are afloat, but upon what authority' they are based the event must, disclose Amongst the new candidates spoken of (to some of whom we are confident this announcement will be an nn» qualified surprise) are Messrs. Blelvillo, Coghill, Wm. Wilson, Moore, Drought, Peterson and' Ferguson. The name of James Shackeli can hardly be classed as a "new" candidate, but of course that gentleman has been mentioned, some asserting that he will, and others that lie will not '-stand. We must say that, eo far as our own knowledge goes, we are hot aware thaV any of tire persons named are aspirants for" representative honor's, hut at the sEme tinrs it id undeniable that there.is a strong desiro evinced otrtbe pr.rt of many of the burgesses to bring about an infusion;<jf ". new blood,1' and hence it, iV possible, in regard to the rumors alluded'to, that' | the wish may have been father to'the thought j 11 any case, it is certain that the old members if I re-ele'cted, will have a. severs tusde for it. It will be seen by the resolutions pissed at the meeting of managers, on Wednesday evening that the duties of the Common herdsman are now much more satisfactorily defined than, they were . Mr Clancy mnv turn out to be a very excellent herdsman. We hope:'he will:; and it:is satisfac tory to -know that lie has already collected some £20 in fees.; but it 'nas just necessary that his - mind should be disabused of the impression, that in protecting the revenue Iwj was fulfilling all his obligations to the inauage#s and the public. Now ! he will understand that while he cannot be held responsible for stock impounded, thvat it will be an important part of his duty to take every possible reasonable precaution to prevent impoundiiigs. On the other hand, per sons removing their registered horses must give ■notice of their intention to the herdsman,'and it will also be the herdsman's duty when he misses slock from'the common to give immediate notice' to the owners. . The Rev Father Kel'yls lecture on Chemistry, rd'- HveteU to on overflowing house, in the Town Hull last night,; was a complete success. The Mayor occupied the'chair and introduced the rev lecturer to the audience in a brief address/; Father Kelly, who on coming, forward was warmly received, took occasion to advert to the geographical advantages possessed by our Border town, and'predicted form a prosperous future. Then taking up the subject of his lecture, he explained some of tlie' fundamental principles "of chemistry, and afterwards launched more into detail, illustrating his remarks, as he did so, by n s.'ries of interesting and instructive experiments. The lecture throughout was delivered iu a genial 'and dipCoursive style, which kept the audience b ith interested ami amused; and the burst of h arty applause which greeted Father Kelly as h: resumed' his sea', was a convincing proof of the apprcciation of his hearers. We have but to exp-e38 our regret that wo cannot iu this issue owing to the pressure upon our advertising columns—give any lengthened notice of one of the most pleasing deliverances we have listened to for a considerable time. . A sharper arrived at Echuca on Saturday last from Melbourne. He was a slim youth, shorHn the body and long in the less, ana appeared to' be about 24 yeard of age. He professes to have an acquaintance with Mr Charles -Wright, knows, the history of every cale and flat-h publichouse-ini Melbourne, and is, by his owri account, 011 a friendly footing with all tiie bar girls, dancing girls, and walking girls in Melbourne and Bal-. |arat. He says he was for two years in a watch-maker's shop'at Ballnrat, along with the celebrated Harry O'Neil, who worked :in the same shop. He carried with him a small case .purporting to contain samples, but of what did not transpire. An inquisitive party, however discovered that the supposed case of samples wa8 an empty cigar box, covered with black glaze. He could play at any and every game, and was | always ready to give or take the odds, hut it is; needless to say that when on Tuesday last he left 1 Echjjca without saying good.-bye,: he did; not"go through the form of paying his hotel bill.' " The hon. J. G Francis and Mr E. Cohen were J passengers per Alfred for Cauuliy station, on | Thursday last. ' ■ \- A correspondent, who complains that bis cottage has been valued at an excessive rote, asks", us whother a simple notice of appeal, addressed to the Council of tlie! Borough of Echuca, and. placed in the letter-box at the. Town Hall, will' preserve his right of appeal to the Justices in the Court of Petty Sessions. Last year, he says, a simple notice of this kind was taken by/, a publican in Echuca to thq Town Clerk, and, he is informed, the. intending appellant was told-the; notice wag not worth the paper it was .written on, and th;?'the party-had better go to his solicitor. , If this was the J®se,.we- have no doubt^the notice "was informal, find ' til# : A.ct requires that the; nature and ground of objection to the yaluntion must be stated; in the written notice of appeal which .is to be given to the Town Clerk, . .. " We have been favored by the Wardsman of the Swan Ilill Hospital with the following report for- the week ending the 26th of'-June, 1871 :— remaining in hospital last report, 17; -admitted since, 4; diwharged ; cured,. .1 ;incurable;: 0; ■ relieved', 4; died, .0 ; remaining in hospital, 16.' Ministers all obtained 're-election-on Tuesday (aiys the Telegraph): .There: is thus no obstacle, to their meeting Parliament'on'the'25th' July, prepared for business. In all probability also, this initiatory success will render easy Mr Duffy's surmounting of the Attorney General difficulty. TheBallarat papers confidently announce, indeed, that Mr Robert Walsh hesitates no longer, but has accepted the post of principal law adviser to the Cabinet. The Evening Mail prognosticates! that however liberally he may be empowered to make local promises, Mr Walsh will meet with a I determined opposition, and' lose his seat by a ' large majority. I On Thursday, the 15th initant (says the Forbes Times), Mr Sub-inspector Stephenson, with con | stable Maloney, and the Obley police, brought into Forbes two most desperate ruffians, whose career of robbery and violence has been cut short by the admirable manner in which they had have been tracked by Mr Stephenson and the men under his command for over GaO miles, and ul- | timately captured about twenty miles from Uourke. The first known of these men was the J sticking up by them of Mr Owen's station, Lower Lachlan, 011 the 11th of last month, where they fired two shots at the overseer, Mr Banks. From there they went 011 to Fatterson's public-house, stuck up the inmates, and robbed them ; the fol lowing day sticking up Iioto station, and taking iherelrom amongst other tilings a Sneider rifle with thirty charges of ammunition, n revolver, a breech-loading double barrel gun, three saddles and bridles, and threp horses. They next pro ceeded to Crawford'*, on Crowie t reek, and stuck up the station, and from there went on to Lynch's, on the Bognn, and robbed the place. On the 3rd of the present month they stole two horses from Mr Chas. Fnrlonge, who was travel ling with sheep Tile police in following their tracks, came upon a bullock which they had shot and taken some meat from, and found where they I had cut down some wire fences to get through.i On the 6th inst. Mr Stephenson, accompanied by constable .Maloney, two of . the Obley and two of the Gongnlgnn police, came upon them at Oxley's Tableland, nbont 20 miles from Bourke, at about | 3 o'clock in the afternoon. They had evidently i stopped for dinner, and were on the point of leaving, their saddles being on their horses, and the men just girthing up, when the police dame in sight about 100 yards off. The bushrangers tried"' to mount their horses, but the police charged in upon them, and they then sought to escape oh foot to some stony ranges. Mr Stephenson headed the leading man and brought him to bay, when, the other man presenting his revolver at him, the inspector fired, and the nian fell down, dropping his revolver. He was. not hurt, howevbr, and the men were quickly secured by the police. The journey to I'orbes occupied nine days, and the greatest caution had to be used,'as they were obliged to camp olit every night The whole of tli'e. stolen lire,inns and other: property were foiitid on the men, and they had some of the stolen horses and saddles in .their possession. Great praise is due to tHe .inspector and the: men under him for the very clever' miii'ier in which they ran down anil captured these bushrangers. . They were evi dently prepared for every deed "of.'-Violence,'.and ■ probably might have added murder to their other'cr""<1B ',ad they remained much lohger at liberty. . -;j ' ' i I' 41 The i>reat woman question (according to Piill Mai 1 Budget)-"" 13: causing as much trouble lii'America as 'in - England. ;■ I he Nation -says it .requires additional complexity every month, and the increasing difficulty . of dealing with it will, it is to be feared, cause many men to -give in their adhesion to the sentiments of that * noble ■ old Roman ' Metellns Macodonicus, who, haran guing the Senate, exhorted his colleagues to bear with their wives 'manfully,' as they could not ' get rid_of the infliction,' and l,it was their duty i to .look more.to the permanent conservation of the State than to their own transient satisfaction.'. The world is vexing itself almost to distraction over woman's-healthwoman's education, woman's' rights, women's work, and now the news that Kugiishwomeii of the better-clnss are in the habit' of drinking has spread to the United States, and the Tribune states that the assertion, is ' too true' of American women also'. ' The female .'upper classes are, it.appears, all going astray in the matter of stimulants. Some take opium, others champagne, others fancy drinks. Deaths from delirium tremens 'have occurred this, winter among young generous, and lovable girls; and there are ever so many female lunatics in asylums brought there by acoholism.The Nation hopes and believes there is some little exaggeration in these statements, and points out that the practice •of. suppressing the names of the: ladies who thus misconduct themselves is unfair on their innocent sisters, as it leaves all 'generous'and- lovable pirls' under the shadow of an awful suspicion; On theiotber hand, it admits'that the writer in the Tribune has apparently had a horrrible social experience, for he talks of ' the belle of the bull room whirling half, naked in an inimodest dance; her face unaturally red and the smell,of lj.quor on her breath—-pah ! ' The Nation thinks that^' pah ' is a very mild form of condemnation of'such a spectale. Had it seen a lady behaving, in that way it would have censured her more severely " ' • : JJ Dbnominatcoxal Teaching Veritas tells in the Daily Ifews the following littlo incident that he witnessed in a Church of Eng land school",'It .may serve, he/says, < to en;' lighten the uninitiated as to the "meaning 'of, denominational education. , In one ..of the: Mid-., land Counties a dignitary high in .the Church was giving a Scripture lesson to a "class of boy si the subject happening to be'4 The Tribute Money' This dignitary explained that our Lord knew when he sanctioned the payment of tribute to CjBiar, that a portion of it "lit least''would-be! devoted to the maintenance'of the'polytheism of. the Romans, and hence- drew the conclusion that | .it was perfectly right: and just" that 'Dissenters.' should pay Church -rates and'(luak'e>s pay taxes for. the prosecution of war,' ju«t' as the dignitary, himself pays taxes to Mr Gladstone's 'tfb.ve'rhr-. inent to 'which he strongly objects.' "He .then "proceeded to state that he would" willinglyyiay tan. times or much in taxes to transport the same statesmen to Botany Bay, aifd that Mr Gladstone was a very, bad man, ; because lie had'overthrown the Cl'urch in Ireland. This'teaching speaks for itself, and needs no comment." ' ",'J " ExTiuouBiNARr Story of Lord Brougham.— One of the most remarkable stories recently: told appears in * Lord rBrougham's autobiography,. whioh has just been issued by Messrs Blackwood : —" A most remarkable thing happened. to.-.me-Hr. so remarkable that'I must tell the story fromuthe, ^beginning. After I left therHigh School,- I.-went "with 0—, my most intimate:friend, to attend the. ■classes in the University. There was'no-divinity . class, but wo frequently in our.; walks, discussed -and speculated on, many grave subjects, among, ■"others, on the immortiility of the soulj'#and Jon; a •jfuture state.- This question, and-'the possibility, "I will not say of ghosts'walking, but of the dead ..appearing to: the .living, • were subjects of much, speculation ; and we actually.com'mitted the -follyv of drawing, up an. agreement,-, written.,with . our own blood, to the effect that whichever "of us died first should appear to the. other, and.' thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the ' life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the.college, G—went to India, having got an appointment there in the civil Bervice. He seldom wrote to me, and'after.the (apse of a few .years I had almost forgotten him ; moreover, his family I having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them, or of liiin through thein, So 'hat all the old schoolboy intimacy had d-eti out, nnd I hud aciiriely forgotten his exist ence, I had taken, 38 I have said, a wann^bath, and while lying in it and enjoying the c6iiifbrt of' the heat after the late freezing I. had undergone, I turned my head around, looking towards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath.'i On the, chair sat G—, looking calmly at me. How Igot out of the bath I know not,;btit on recovering my senses I found myself "sprawling oh -the -floor ■ The appurition, or whatever it was that had takenitlie likeness of G—, had disappeared.' 'l'his vision-produced such n shock: that I liad no in clination to talk .about it, !or toj speak about it ! even to Stuart; but the impression .it made upon i me was so vivid as not) to be;,easily forgotten, | and so strongly was I uffected .by it; that .X have, here written down. the; whole .history,; witli 'the date, 19th December, and. ;all; ;the.parliculars, as they are now fresh befprermn. 'i .Nq doulit l ha'ir: fallen asleep, and that the^appearance presented so distinctly to my eyes wa's/a dris'anr, I. c'nnnot for a moment doubt; . .yetTqr, yeiirS'Tl'h!id no communication with G—!,'nor had there been any thing to recall him.to niy. recollection.- ' Nothing had taken place during our Swedish, travels either connected with G — or with India, or with any thing relating to him or to any member of his family. I recollected quick'enough our old dis cussion, and the bargain we liad made. I could not discharge Jfrom niy miud the impression that G— must have died, and that his appearance to me was to be received hy me as a proof of a future state.' This was on December 19, 3799. In October, 1862, Lord Brougham added as a post script:—'I have just been .copying-out from my journal the account of this strange dream. Ccrlis ima mortis imago. And now to finish this story, begun about sixty years since. Soon"after my return to Edinburgh there actually arrived a letter from India announcing G—'a death, and stating that he died on December 19."' As OLD Van Shroomps was giving his youngest 1 oy, who was inclined to be lazy, a good emv liiiimg. the boy ciied out, " Oh, don't, fadder ; it; mah' H nie nhniart." "Dat's shoost vat I vants," I ..aid the old man, as- ho whacked away with renewed vigor. Thk BksckndAnts of Olivkh Chomwbm,.—Mr Charles Beke writes in .the AthenrcumThobgh the fact is beyond doubt that Oliver Cromwell, of Oheshunt Park, the Inst surviving descendant in mule line of the Protector, did not die in 17^9, as has been Alleged in your columns, biit lived far into the present century, still, the following anecdote in corroboration of the fact mny not be uninteresting to your readers:—In the beginning cf the century, niy revered father, then a young man and not long married, fancied a country life; and accordingly hired ol Mr Cromwell a farm at Flamstend End, CMe^hunt; but soon finding this not to suit him., lie looked out for some one to take the firm off bis hands. 1'he new tenant whs Edward Ludlow, a lineal descendant of the Pro tector's colleague of that name; and, on liiy father's introducing bis successor to his future landlord-, the latter welcomed him most cordially, saying. V It is it loiig time since Oliver Cromwell took Edmund Ludlow by the hand." My father's presence appears not to have reminded Mr Crom well that l\lnjor itichird Beke was the husband of Levina Wiiifstone, a niece of the Protector, the marriage ceremony having, a9 is related by Noble, the historian <>f-tlie Crtnnwd! family, been "per formed at..Whitehall in a very pompous and magnificent rrtann'cr, the Protector and several nobles gracing it with their presence.". My father's departure from Cbe'shunt, which followed speedily after; he bail thus introduced Edmund Ludlow to Oliver Cromwell, occurred when I was about four years old; consequently, in 1804 or 1805\. It.was not till many years after this that Oliver Cromwell died, leaving an only daughter, Klizibeth Olivera, married to Mr Onesiphorus liusaell." 'I have heard that this gentleman applied for license from the Crown to assume the name of Cromwell,!but it was refused him. Defeat op Homi! ihe SriurnjAXis-r in St* I'EEEHSBtrus- —The St Petersburg corresponden of the Standard stnie-i that Home, the spiritualist' vvlio for some weeks past lias been the talk of the fasbioriable'world the-re, tins suffered a complete; fiasco. The success be had met with in the salons'of St Petersburg apnears to have turned ■ his head.; • Judging the Kussians by those who believed in him, he expected to find them all equally credulous, and in an evil hoar he offered to exhibit his manifestations before a committe of-scientific men. The challenge was accepted, the .committee stipulating that the locality should be chosen.by them ; that instead of an ordinary table one of glass should be substituted ; and that Home should not entglr the room before the time fixed for the experiments. To these con ditions Home consented. 'Six gentlemen, prin cipally professors,, met-in a roorn prepared.for the purpose nt .the, University of St Petersburg, i Home came: at the appointed hour, expressed himself satisfied with the arrangements, and the party . formed the. chain round the table, and; waited patiently for the' usual rappings. A lamp j with'n powerful reflector, prevented the pos "sibility of>'any. .trickery under the table passing unnoticed, and for some time there was no indi cation of the appearance of the spirits. At length Home pretended to be aware of their , presence by" the. wavering light of a candle on the table'; but this was explained as being caused by the-.ventilator, which was immediately closed arid the candle burned steadily. Then he declared that the arrivaLbf. tlie' spirits was announced by ;a peculiar rushing noise, which w-is heard by all present; but on searching for the cause it was found1 that .a hot air-pipe had been left open, and on its being shut the noise ceased. Rather out of countenance by the failure of the expert ; ment.thus fur, Home next drew attention to the .rapidity of his pulse; but this was shown to be ^tlie'"effect.■ ,'of the. heat of the room and the: ;ei6iteVneut oLstraining the attention for such a length of' time; moreover, one of the gentlemen present'had: exactly'the same number of pul sation^.' Though bailbd and confused, Home did not wish to give in, and offered to change the .weight of any'object in. the room.: A pail was placed in a pair of scales, and there it remained _\Wthout moving the balance, in the slightest .degree.. These experiments took up a great deal of time; everybody was tired ; the trial was at ■an end; but not wishing to acknowledge himself beaten, Home ottered tomset the committee again on a future day. But: the next morning be sent word that he:was indisposed, and two days after ;he left St Petersburg.' ••'i The F.xpumitu InstcnTiAiuyr.—'" The follow ing extract from a private letter, written' at a camp on the Woodforde, latitude 22-28, and ■ (Jated April 30,■ by-it' member of one of the Port : Darwin telegraph construction parties, will," says] the 8. A. Adveriiser, " be of iut-rest, now that the fate of the long lost: explorer Leichhardt ia againi'^occupyiiig public : attention in these • colonies'if-r' At the,north east end of Lake Eyre there : is a' very large creek coming from the ^ibrthi hamed the Jarvis,'after its discoverer, and 'Tireawii by thevinntive8. Well, on this creek, a loiiz'-way to,the' north,7eight white men were killed by jtlie-'natives a great many years ago. -They were "cutting their way through a dense jiingle.nnd scrub frpm the east to the north bank oh the"cre<ik,when the natives, who bid followed them for days, watching.,for;. an opportunity, fell upon'them and killed them 'all. ' Now, as this tanst hiyejhappened yeryclose to:the place where 'M'Kinlay :found> traces of Leichhardt, is it not probable that these..uii.fortunate8 must have been members of his party ?. There, is also.another thing which '/seems /to confirm this supposition. At the time/Sir R.' M'Donald was in the North, an old gruy,horse \vith a Government brand, and hoofs of great length, .turned and growing tip wards,"-was .found', to the .BOUth of the junction of thia'same ereeic with Lake Kyre. Now ns this horse did not belong to the South Australian Government, . and Leichhardt had horses so branded, it is very likely that it belonged to him. This is old news in the north-west to some, but I doubt whether the fact of white men having been killed on this creek has ever been known to you. Jarvia, who told me of it, heard it from a native I no\V at the.Peake, who'said he was on the creek, quitfi & boy, when the murders took place, He cannot fix ttl? time, but says it was a long time ago.'" .Personal .Sehvice;— Recently the Heathcote Shire Council sent circulars to all the Shire aud Borough Councils, complaining of a decision of his Honor Judge Macohoy, in which, as they alleged, he decided that " personal " service of . rate notices was absolutely necessary before rates could be recovered. This they considered illegal hut did not care to back their opinion by an a'ppeal, and they therefore evoked the assistance of'the'other Councils to obtain such alterations in tlieiaw as would prevent similar decisions in tbe'fnture. The terms of the circular were very vague, and did not give the facts of the case, so that those whose aid they asked Inight judge of the correctness of the decision ; nevertheless seme Councils agreed to co operate, hut others with greater wisdom, refused until they knew i more of the facts. The question of personal servico having come up in the course of a case in the Court of Mines on Thursday, his Honor Judge Macoboy took occasion to refer to the Heathcote case and denied that he had ever decided as 'alleged. Service at the residence of the person either 'personally of to a person of the years of discretion residing in the house,' was sufficient, hut in the Heathcote case the service was not at the residence of the person sued, but at a'house occupied by another person. Such being the cuse it would seem that the Heathcote Council have been somewhat hasty in their allegations, and should make the amende honorable.—Ecndiqo Advertiser. From New York we have news of a serious collision between Mexican and United States troopp, which may lead to grave results. It ap Ka's that the Mexicans had pursued a band of ■Indian depredators acro'sB the' frontiers, where they met a small band of United States soldiers. A quarrel followed, and the Federal Commander anu forty of his men were killed. 