SUSPICIOUS DEATH. On Sunday morning early the inhabitants of the quiet village of Nailsworth, on the main North-road, were greatly alarmed on hearing it rumoured that Charles Douglas, a resident, had murdered his wife. Between 4 and 5 a.m. Douglas had called a neighbour, Mr. James Harvey, desiring that Mrs. Harvey would come to his house immediately, as his wife was, he said, dangerously ill. Mrs. Harvey at once complied, and on entering the cottage found Mrs. Douglas lying on her face, with her features terribly lacerated and battered, and a serious wound on the side of her head, which was bleeding profusely. Soon the neighbourhood was aroused, and Dr. McIntyre having been sent for, shortly after arrived, but surgical skill was entirely unavailing, for within a quarter of an hour after the poor woman died. So far as could be gleaned the death has been attributed to the severe wound on the side of her head, but of course this is a matter for medical testi mony. Just after Mrs. Douglas breathed her last, her husband apparently labouring under deep feelings, seized a fowling-piece that was standing near the bed, seemingly with the intention of putting an end to his life. The gun, however, was not loaded, and while he was searching on a shelf for powder and shot, a person present frustrated his supposed purpose by securing the gun. The police having been informed of the circumstances, made some further enquiries, and afterwards arrested Douglas. He declared, we are told, that on coming home early in the morning he found his wife in the same position on the floor as when he aroused his neighbours. The belief was also alleged that while his wife was alone some persons had attempted to rob the house, and then to hide their guilt murdered Mrs. Douglas. The prisoner, when taken in charge, had in his pockets a cheque for £96 and other monies, making up a total of £106, also Bank receipts representing about £200. The deceased, who is believed to have been about 47 years of age, was a quiet, good-natured woman. She was formerly the widow of the late Mr. Greig, the landlord and owner of the White Hart Hotel, who left her considerable property. Mr. and Mrs. Douglas lived in a comfortable dwelling, their own freehold, and they possessed houses in both divisions of the city. They have no children. An inquest will be held at 10 this morning at the Windmill Hotel. Phantom Team. —Sceptical people believe that as this country is so new, and our ruins are so modern, veritable ghosts and ghostesses have not yet been acclimatized. How mistaken is this opinion may be judged from the statement made by the Gawler Times, that in the lively neighbourhood of Onetree Hill, quiet practical farmers aver their having seen a weird tandem team dash across roads and through fences, without finding that what are obstacles to ordi nary horses and vehicles at all obstruct the pro gress of these light-bodied beasts and their shadowy trap. Where the team comes from or goes to, on what kind of ethereal oats and hay the nags are fed, may be worth ascertaining, and what can be the objects of these 'gloamin' trips through an otherwise reputable district would form good subjects for enquiry. [From Saturday's Evening Journal.] The. Adelaide Photographic Company.— A fine life-size oil painting has boen executed at the studio of this Company of the late Rev. James Maughan. It is from a photograph taken while the deceased was in England. Tho powerful eyes and the clear expression of his countenance are well brought out,: and tho picture altogether is an excellent representation, and creditable to the artist, Mr. J. A. Upton, by whom it was prodnced. The figure is in a sitting posture, and nicely relieved by an appro priate background of a book-shelf and curtain. It still wants a few finishing touches, and when completed and framed, which will be in the course of a few days, the portrait will be open for public, inspection. The proprietors of tho business are to be congratulated on the number and variety of photographic and ether works of art with which their studios and showrooms are adorned, considering the short time which has elapsed since their serious loss by fire. Transfer from one Electoral District to Another.— A question having arisen as to whether an elector changing his residence from one district to another could immediately trans fer his vote to his new district, Mr. B. B.' Colley, Returning Officer for West Torrens, forwarded the following letter to the Attorney General on the subject:—' Under the Electoral Act of No. 18, 1869-70, I do not see any pro vision for the transfer of any elector for the House of Assembly from the electoral roll in any district to any other roll in any other district. Clause 46 only empowers the transfer from any electoral roll in any division, which is in ;f act the roll for Legislative Council, to any other roll in * any other division. The eighth schedule is in accordance with said clause. Tho rolls for districts and divisions are quite distinct, the former representing the House of Assembly, and tke latter the LegislativeCouncil.' To this the Attorney-General has, under date April 28, returned the following reply:—' In reply to your letter of tho 25th inst., referring to certain clauses in the Electoral Aet, I have the honour to inform you that it will be found by reference to the proviso to Clause 14 and Clauses 48 and 51, that it was not the intention of the Legislature to allew transfers from ono electoral district to another. The provisions in Clauses 25 and 26, taken in connection with the sections already mentioned, reader the meaning of the Act perfectly ?vident— viz., that an elector changing his abode from one district to another may claim to vote for his new district, but shall not bo entitled to do so for six months, during which time he will be entitled to vote for his old district.' New Patent.— At Mr. Buik's shop, in Rundle Btreet, may fee seen a Wheeler & Wilson's sewing-machine, driven by a particular form of turbine wheel, the invention of Mr. Corstorphan (the Melbourne Manager of Waterworks), and who has patented it as the water-power sewing machiae operator, as we stated a week or two-' ago. The affair is an ingenious modification of the ordinary waterwheeL A box, about 18 inches in diameter, encloses a wheel, having flanges on its face, whereon water from a hose is turned, causing it to revolve with power sufficient to drive six machines, con nected by means of a gutta-percha band. An expenditure of about 3,000 gallons per day of 10 hours suffices to work that number, and the in vention may be adapted to turning- lathes, and, in fact, anything constructed on a similar prin ciple, and limited to one-horse motivo-power. Mr. Buik has been appointed agent, and will probably fiml an increasing demand for an article promising so great a reduction o/ labour ? in the working of machimes. The JPenola.— The position ef the steamer Penola, according to the latest telegrams, gives rise to the expectation that she mayprobab'y reach Port Adelaide about Sunday ; bHt this in a great measure will depend on wkother or not the wind stands fair. Since the accident it hag been about oast and south-east in the Gulf, consequently, if she has the gune, it would be quite fair, but the screw would preve a very serious obstacle to rapid sailing, and if; coula scarcely be anticipated that under even the most favourable circumstances she weuld make more than five knots per hour. It is; possible that the Royal Shepherd may have the oppartunity of rendering some assistance in towing her in, but of course this is uncertain. In the report published in the Reg&er; ot \ Saturday, the cargo mentioHed was that for Melbourne, and was exclusive of a large and Yatoftble conognnwnt for the outports. 