THE EMPEROR NAPOLEON ON THE DAY OF BEDAN. General Ducrot's book upon the memorable capitulation of Sedan contains passages relating especially to conversations of tbe General with the Emperor Napoleon. After speaking of tbe iadescribale confusion which prevailed in tbe tower.duriag the uight and early on the morning belore tbe surreuder—tbe streets, the equareb, and tbe gates being blocked with carriages, cannons, and all tbe incumbrances of an army iu retreat, and bands of soldiers without rifles and without knapsacks running about in all directions, and taking refuge in houses aud churches —hi; says :—" Some men who had preserved a remnant of energy seemed only to use it in accusations, exclaiming, ' We have been betrayed, we have ,been sold by traitors and oowards.* There was evidently nothing to be done with such men." , Under these circumstances, he (the General) proceeded to; the sub-prefecture, wiiere the Emperor was.. "Napoleon III." he prooeeds to say, " had no longer that cold unimpassioned countenance with, which all the world is familiar. The cruel emqtu iis which agitated him had im» printed on his face an aspect of profound sadness. As soon as he saw the General (General Ducrot himself) be said to him that be, bad deeply regretted the.nomination by tbe Minister of War of General Wiuipffen to the coipmand-in-chief, but. that, being resolved not to contravene in any reBpept tbe deoisions which came from Paris, he had not wished to oppose it. However," added h£, " there was nothing but yoiir movement of retreat that could save us." Then, alluding to the events anterior to^the war he ad4ed—" Your presentimeuta as to the intention pf Fussia, what you said to me respecting its military forces, and the small means which we should have of opposing .them'all that wjis but too true. I ought to have paid more heed to your, warnings and advice." After these few Words the Emperor was silent;. The profound stillness .which . reigned around tbe Sovereign made yet more startling the noise outside. The air seemed on fire; tbe shells falling on the roofs hurled dowb pieces of masonry, whlcih crashed on the street pavement; the bursting of the projectiles was mingled with the rumbling of 600 mouths of fire—a frightful cannonade which was heard even before Metz by Prince Erederich Charles." "I don'tjuuderstand," said, the Empercfr to General Ducrot, why. the enemy ..continues to fire; I have caused tbe &ag; of truce to be hoisted. I hope to .obtain an'interview with.the King of Prussia i perhaps I »ball secure .advantageous conditions for tbe army.", I d«j, not, reckon much," replied., the General,." upon the generosity of our enemies; at night we might be able to attempt a sortie." His.majesty oDaer*;e$. that there was such disorder, suoh .obstruction, in the town, and moreover tbe trqdpo were bo; demoralised,. that there was not the least hope.o^ Bucces;, "An ait^npt of that Bortj"...lhe added, " would ooly end in fresh bloodshed." The :■ Kmpernr and name officers of his suite might, favored by ni^ht, have escaped; but ht! thought, of nothing but savii g the army. Surro'uiulcd, cut .off, .it was inevi;nii y captured. History will drclure .whether, con trary to military laws, Nnpuleon III.sshoulji, by a flight which woiild certainly have b.-en uided, have separated bis own lot from that ol the a?.my ; or whether^ having shared its dangers, tie oujjh: to have shar.ed its misfoi tune. Victoria* Railwats.—We have been furnished by- the secretary of the Victorian Railways with the following report for the week ending' 21st Dec.:—Passengers 19,079, £3,530 17s fid ; mails, rents, &o.;, £130 2s 6d; parcels, &c;, £418 14a 8d; horses, carriages, dogs, &c.;, £12613s 6d; goods and minerals^ £8,977 16s 9d; cattle, £1?4 4s 0'd. Total for the week,-1871, £13,281 8s lOd. Corresponding week in 1870, £13,586 5s Od. Chjneob. Suicides.—five instances of the suicidal propensity of tbe Chinese are furnished in a single.copy, of a Chins, paper. A young man quarrrelled with his elder brother, and fortnwith he took enough cr.ude opium to kill en English bullock.—A mandating wife and the wife of an expectant mandsnq swallowed their gold hair ornaments to destroy themselves oat of jealously at the introduction of supplementary wives.—la another and sadder case, the daughter of a.district magistrate drank, poison avowedly in order to accompany her father's ghost to,the world of spirits, and there minister ta bis (teoPHsitiep. " Our father in the nether world will, be solitary and lonesome, and I am about to follow htin thither, to wait on him and bear Jlim company,"; so saying, she drank, off the fatal cup in.the presence of her sisters.. This act ifl.sp.okcn pf in the official dispatches, aR a *' supreme net.of filial piety,, an act, eminently calculated to afford an illustrious example . and exercise n happy influence upon the"present generation'." 