I GAMBETTA. (From a Correspondent of the London Figaro.) ' I HAVE been intending Gambetta, ss-ithss-hom I had a slight acquaintance in Paris. He is not very accessible, and to get at him it is necessary to conciliate seven gentlemanly corps of ushers who are on duty in a great antechamber. These functionaries are a solemn set of men, with an immense sense of their own personal dignity, and an unconcealed contempt for the ordinary run of mortals. Their duty, so far as I can see, is to sit in the sunny side of the vast room called an antechamber ; read the papers, gossip, and keep out those who come to demand audiences. After passing this line of defences, the secretaries remain to be conciliated. They have the strongest possible objection, as they are aspirants for high political functions, to let any one who is not of their own set approach the distributor of places. There are four but eaux between M. Gambetta and the antechamber, and the nearer you get to the fourth, the greater the difficulty in passing the consignee M. Gambetta walks in what used to be the drawing-room of the Prefecture. It is a handsome room, with a view on an extensive garden, about twice the size of the Garden of the Elysee, and planted with fine old trees-. M. Laurier works with him, and three private secretaries are busy at a long desk in a second drawing room, the door of which is generally open. Gambetta and Laurier are old comrades du Palais, and are now virtually the absolute rulers of France, for the old gentlemen at the Archerfield are mere puppets since the Minister of the Interior dropped down from the clouds. Gambetta looked fatigued and nervous when I saw him. Ilibhandis very badly wounded by a Prussian bullet, and he suffers from local pain, stupefaction, and general fever. But his intellectual faculties are not stultified with either the wound or its treatment. He is annoyed at being forced to dictate, for he has a delicate chest, and his old bronchial affection is making itself dis- agreeably felt. Gambetta was beside himself with anger on finding that MM. Camroux and Glass Bizoin entertained no serious intention of succouring Paris. They imagined that peace would turn up in some way or another, after Prussia had led them of the "dangerous classes" who defend the towns. The new Dictator is a young man, who, on coming into the vs world, was magnificently endowed by nature ; but he was not fortunate in retaining all his natural gifts. When a boy he destroyed one of his eyes to make his father take him home front a boat ding-school that he disliked. This eye has since been replaced by a glass one, which. gives him a squinting appearance. He has one of the finest voices in the world, both for speaking and singing ; but neglected colds, and a youth of hardships and privations, have imposed on him silence as a rule of life. He habitually wears a respirator and when forced to speak in public, does so at the cost of much present inconvenience and subsequent suffering. His right hand is now mutilated, for there is great danger of the fingers becoming contracted and powerless. Gambetta is Minister of War and of the Interior, and in a Government of four has a light to a casting vote, which he means to use, if M. Glais-Bizoin should, according to his instincts, nag and tease him. The-' Prefecture is virtually the seat of Government. Gambetta toys he does not know what ears the walls of the Ai cheese may have, and has decided upon no more Councils being held there. The courtyard of the Prefecture is crowded from morning to night with military j- men and the big people of the department of the Indi erections c. Young officers are greatly stimulated by the declaration that young blood must be infused into the arm j-, through the nomination of young chiefs. KEroHMAToitY PiusoN DiBcirLiNE.-Tho working of the Prisons Act of 1863 (says Mr. G. W. Hastings, beim e the recent Social Science Congress) has not proved equal to what might have been anticipated.. ? Items enacted to produce uniformity in the discipline of borough, and county gaols ; but, after the lapse office years, there still exists a wide dissimi- larity in the treatment of criminals in different parts of the country. There is, in fact, such a want of uniformity as to make it a matter of essential difference to a criminal whether he is confined in one prison or another ; a state of things which is not only' repugnant to reason and justice, but is a serious impediment to the repression of crime. There is little fear but that the result of inquiry would establish that the discipline of our gaols should be made as far as possible uniform, that prison labour should, as far as may be, be productive, and that the prison system should admit of gradual improvement in the condition of the prisoner, through his vessel exertion. With regard to the second of these propositions, if it be true that while the average cost of a prisoner is 637 a year, his average earnings are £2 10s., there is a considerable margin for reducing an unprofitable expenditure. In the next place,' productive labour is better for the prisoner, being both reformatory in its tendency and also supplying him with an aptitude for work that may prevent his re- lapse into crime were discharged. It is objected that productive prison labour may come into unfair competition with, that of honest and struggling artisans outside the prison ; but in this argument there is some fallacy. If labour be judiciously divided between various employments, it is in credible that the production of 20,000 persons, the daily average in English gaols, should produce any appreciable effect on the labour market in. a nation of more than twenty millions, furthermore,, the real saving to the artisan class is to diminish the cost and. frequency of crime. Every thief at large, following his-evil trade, costs the people many hundreds of pounds a year; every thief in, prison on unproductive work costs the people £37 a year. Now productive prison labour will reduce this last item considerably. I fear we shall never in this country make a profit out of our prisons, as the Americans have done I but we might come much nearer such a result than at present, and every pound thus saved would be- so much off the; shoulders of labour, which ultimately pays for everything. And productive prison labour, in the second place, will diminish the number of thieves, and thus effect a further economy. It can be shown that the number of commitments among the prisoners discharged after productive labour is much" below that observed among those who have gone through penal labour only. Moreover, I look forward to the much wider introduction into our penal code, as a consequence of the adoption of productive labour, of the plan of pecuniary- reparation for offences. No more efficient mode of diminishing the amount of crime could be adopted than that of teaching a thief the grand moral lesson that honesty is the best policy. When he has paid double or treble the amount of the goods he has stolen, or of the injury he has done, he will have come to the sound conclusion that it would have been better for him to let his neighbour's property alone. The third proposition, that a prisoner's condition should be capable of improvement by his own exertions, would enable us to establish a minimum prison dietary of the most frugal kind, leaving the prisoner to obtain additions to it by his good conduct and constant industry. The prisoner released from a routine of unmeaning, profitless punishment, relapses, almost of necessity, into his habit of crime. Give him in gaol the opportunity of bettering his lot ; show him that he is not labouring without purpose ; raise him to the responsibility of some limited freedom ; teach him the economical value of honesty ; provide him, as at Wakefield, with some industrial home where, on discharge, he can train himself for more general employment, and depend upon it the number of lecommitted criminals would fast diminish. A short cut to such a beneficial result would be to try Mr. Barwick Baker's plan, which he has offered to vs oak himself, of an adult reformatory It must be admitted, however, that such a course of treatment presupposes that the prisoner is to a certain extent a responsible creature, and this is just what I begin to doubt concerning a large proportion of the criminal class. The whole subject of criminal lunacy and criminal idiocy, of that imbecility of purpose which makes a man a criminal simply because he can be nothing else, is one deserving of much more general attention than it has hitherto received. Our jurisprudence on this point has lagged behind the advances of psychological science, and I believe that there is no subject on which the investigations of a Royal Commission could be more usefully employed. The Habitual Criminals Act has also to a great degree failed in its operation; and it has been shown that, as it is now wDrded, a licence holder may escape super vision altogether. The Council has already called the attention of the Home Secretary to its shortcomings and as he has undertaken to amend the Act, we may assume that the law will soon be put into a more satisfactory shape. AN interesting event took place at Wombwell's menagerie, at Leicester. The lioness "Peerless" gave birth to three fine cubs which have proved a source of great attraction to visitors. Previous to the menagerie leaving Leicester, the proprietor publicly christened the trio of interesting little strangers as "Princess Louise," "Marquis of Lorne, and "'Duke of Argyll." This compliment to royalty is very encouraging. MARRIAGE OF MISS E. H GLADSTONE -On Thursday, the 27th October, at St Anne's Church, Bowden Hill, Chippendale, was celebrated the marriage of William Alexander Duncan Esq, Esq , with Edith Helen, daughter of the late Captain Gladstone, R N , U V , of Bowden Park, Chippenh 5" The ceremony waspeifonvedb) the Rev H C, James, assisted by the Rev S E Gladstone, cousin of the bride. The little church, so endeared by past Fond) memories, was very prettily decorated for the occasion and over the altar was beautifully inscribed, "Bless 'date the) which are called to the marriage supper" of the Lamb " The service commenced with the early) celebration, and at a little before 12 o'clock the bride, accompanied by her uncle, Sir Thomas Gladstone entered the church, attended by four of her sisU""r8> and two cousins, daughters of the Premier, as bride <. maids, and having taken her place by the side of the bridegroom, who had arrived shortly before, attended by Sir Francis 1 old, his best man, the human, " The voice that breathed over Eden," was sung The last part of the service (which was choral throughout) having been performed in the body of the church, the bride and bridegroom moved towards the altar, the choir singing "Hymn on Holy) Matrimony, by Dr. Monsell As the bridal party left the church, the organ pealed forth the Wedding March, and the happy pair drove off, amid hearty) congratulations and prayers for their future happiness, to the home of the bride's flannel), where, at the wedding breakfast, the health of the bride and bridegroom was proposed by Sir Thomas Gladstone, and duly acknowledged by the bridegroom, who in his turn proposed the health of the bridesmaids, which toast was responded to by Sir Francis Ford The health of Miss Gladstone, eldest sister of the bride, having been proposed by Sir John Neeld, the Premier returned thanks, alluding in a touching manner to the sorrows of the past, with bright hopes for the future happiness of the family. The bride and bridegroom left in the afternoon on a cure for Italy Amongst the other guests assembled were Lady) Sophia Dumaresq, Lady Sheffield, Mis Gladstone, Colonel Bateson, and Mr George Macleay-Dnizes Gazette ON and after the 1st of November, the French postage stamp bearing the Emperor's head, with which all Englishmen travelling abroad have been familiar for so many years, will no longer be accepted at the post offices in any part of France from that day there will be new stamps, on which will be a figure of the Republic, with the old legend, "Liberty, Equality), Fraternity," engraved beneath THE COVETOUS FERRYMAN OF LONDON Bmnop,.-In a singularly curious, although probably fabulous tract, the building of St. Mary Overie's Church, in Southwark, and of the first London Bridge, is attributed to the daughter of John Overs, who rented of the city a ferry across the Thames at this spot, and thus grew rich,' by which means his daughter was enabled to construct the church and the bridge, whilst Overs lost his life by his own covetousness. Though he kept several servants and apprentices, he was of so parsimonious a soul, that notwithstanding he possessed an estate equal to that of the best alder- men of London, acquired by unceasing labour, frugality, and industry, yet his habit and dwelling were both strangely expressive of the most miserable poverty. He had an only daughter, " of a beautiful aspect," says the tract, " and a pious disposition ; whom he had care to see well and liberally educated, though at the cheapest rate and yet so, that when she grew ripe and mature for marriage, he would suffer no man of what condition or quality soever, by his goodwill, to have any sight of her, much less access to her." A young gallant, however, who seems to have thought more of being the ferryman's heir than his son-in-law, took the opportunity, while he was engaged at the ferry, to be admitted into her company. " The first interview,'.' says the story, pleased well ; the second better ; the third concluded the match between them." " In all this long interval, the poor silly rich old Ferryman, not dreaming of any such passages, but thinking all things to be as secure by land as he knew they were by water, continued his' former wretched and penurious course of life. To".' ' save the expense of one day's food in his family, he formed a scheme to feign himself dead for twenty four hours, in the vain expectation that his servants would, out of propriety, fast until after his funeral. Having procured his daughter to consent to this plot, even against her better nature, he was put into a sheet, and stretched out in his chamber, loving one paper burning at his head and another at his feet, according to the custom of the time. When, however, his servants were informed of his decease, instead of lamenting they were overjoyed, and, having danced round the body, they broke open his larder, and fell to banqueting. The ferryman bore all this as long, and as much like a dead man as he was able, " but when he could endure it no longer," says the tract, stirring and struggling in his chest, like a ghost with a candle in each hand, he purposed to rise up and rate 'em for their sauce ness and boldness ; when one of them, thinking that the devil was about to rise in his likeness, being in a great amaze, catched hold of the butt-end of a broken 5th which was in the chamber, and being a sturdy knave, thinking to kill the devil at the first blow actually struck out his brains." It is, added that the servant was acquitted, and the ferry- man made accessory and cause of his own death. The estate of Overs then fell to his daughter, and' her lover, hearing of it, hastened up from the country ; but in riding past his horse stumbled, and he broke his neck on the highway. The young heiress was almost distracted at these events, and was recalled to her faculties only by having to provide for her father's interment for he was not permitted to have Christian burial, being considered as an excom- municated man on account of his extortions, usury, and truly miserable life. The friars of Bermondsey Abbey were, however, prevailed upon by money, their abbot being then away, to give a little earth to the remains of the wretched ferryman. But upon the abbot's return, observing a ( grave which had recently been covered in, and learning who lay there, he was not only angry with his monks for having done such an injury to the Church, for the sake of gain, but he also had the body, taken up again, laid on the back of his own ass, and turning the animal. out of the abbey gates, desired of God that he might carry him to some place where he best deserved to be buried. The ass proceeded with a gentle and solemn pace through Kent-street, and along the highway to the small pond once called St. Thomas-a Waterings, then the common place of execution, and shook off the ferryman's body directly under the gibbet, where it was put into the ground without any kind of ceremony., Mary Overs, extremely distressed by such a host of troubles, and desirous to be free from the numerous suitors for her hand and fortune, resolved to retire into a cloister, which she shortly afterwards did, having first provided for the building of the church, of St. Mary Oveiies, which com- memorates her name "Abbeys, Castles, and Ancient Halls of England and Vales." By John. Timbs. THE SATAN FRASER-The French at last seem to have discovered a truly charming and murderous missile. The Satan Fuse, if the account given of it in La France is correct, leaves nothing to be desired in the way of destruction. It is beautifully simple, and may be handled by a child. A plain unassuming hollow bombshell is filled with petroleum, the explosion of which is regulated by a time fuze. One of these fusees tried at St. Cloud covered an immense space of ground with " a sea of liquid and in extinguish- able fire." If any proof were required of the extreme cleanliness of this ingenious article it will be found in the recommendation of the Commission appointed to test its merits. Notwithstanding the dangers which threaten Paris, notwithstanding the bitterness of spirit with which the French regard the invaders of their country, the Commission cannot bring itself to recommend the use of the Satan Fuse ; unless, indeed, the enemy, by employing some similar destructive compound, renders it absolutely necessary to throw aside all scruples. PROJECTED MATRIMONIAL REFORMS. According to the New York Nation, the very advanced women of America are striking out some exceedingly bold and st entitling views on social topics. We learn that the great Mrs. Cady Staunton will now be content with nothing short of the emancipation of the sex from mirage as it is. The arrangement to be substituted for the vulgar old custom is to be limited matrimony, the contract between a lady and gentleman expiring in three years from the date of entering into it, It may, however, be renewed for the triennial period by mutual consent. If such a complica- tion as a baby should arise during the interval, the lady, on retiring from her engagement, is to take charge of it, the father paying for its board. The doctrines of the Modern Thinher, an organ of the Cicely Staunton principle, go even further in placing its theories outside the domain of common decency or of common sense is according to the Nation it touches on things unattempted yet in prose or rhyme." Our American contemporary dryly remarks on this subject that "the number of people one meets who can scarce bear the constraint of their own skins, and to whom even the uniformity of weights and measures is a cruel yoke, is large and increasing." A widower wife recently rejected by a damsel who didn't want affections that had been warm. J, Tiver." 