üJEw. SCEPTICISM AND SPIRITUALISM We do not know who the authoress of Aurelia may be, nor can we call to mind any' remarkable success achieved by that works Her second book, however, has claims to' consideration,- for we understand that it is highly thought of as a convincing proof of the truths of spiritualism by a large number of Melbourne spiritualists, A Mr. Benjamin Coleman, who has been good enough to affix his name to the preface to the volume, called the work a remarkable poor and an interesting narrative," which display "high literary talent and freshness," and disclose " facts" of an extremely interesting nature. We can dismiss the " poem" with a quotation of the first two lines : " To the Memory of my Beloved Husband." " Be stood unmatched on this terrestrial sphere Scarce less than angle!, far, far more than man I" as we feel that to comment upon such a super- human gentleman would be impertinent. But the book is so intensely humorous that failing a new work by Mark Twain or Hans Breitmann we can cordially recommend it' as the most enjoyable piece of literary feeling to be found in Melbourne The authoress we should imagine by the scraps of French with which she interlards her pages that she is one of those ladies' maids who have no objection to travel abroad "-starts with a very excellent opinion of herself. On the third page she observes that the writer of these lines is generally acknowledged to possess an amount of intelligence and sagacity considerably above the ordinary average of mediocrity ;" that she owns " literary confrères;" that an " English author of well-earned celebrity" was an habitue " of her house in Paris that she holds genius, science, and talent to be the only aristocracy worthy the name ;" that she is possessed of a chateau at Meudon ;" that she has investigated the phenomena of spiritualism; and that "though on purely scientific matters she is quite disposed to bow to Professor Faraday," yet she takes leave to set him aside for a moment to expound to the world "rovelationsofanaturososublime, so perfect, so stupendous, so logically con- formable to every divine attribute, that nothing the human imagination has ever conceived, or in its loftiest ambition aspired to, can surpass or image the glory of the providential scheme which is now dawning on man's limited and clouded horizon." The method by which she discovered this " stupendous revelation " is rather amusing. She was in Paris, in the beau monde, when rumours of spiritualism filled the papers and echoed through every circle from the busy world of the haute finance to the more aristocratic saloons of the Faubourg St. Honors, and even to the most recondite penetration of la Rive gauche. One day the distinguished English author comes to her in her study," and flinging down, the Independance Belge, which contained in a " delightful feuilleton" an account of spirits appearing to "a great artistic celebrity," asks our authoress for her opinion, he having " a high esteem for her lucidity." " Bien obliging ' says she, "if you want my judgment le voice," and forthwith proceeds to be sceptical. The distinguished author, however, has askance, at which a heavy mahogany table tilted up to an angle of 45, and other occurrences logically conformable to every divine attribute" took place. The relation of those circumstances - astonishes our sceptic, and one evening an attaché drops in, to pay her a visit of prima vera," and she discovers him to be a spiritualist. Nothing will do but that he must show his powers. He consents, a garden is borrowed from the landlady she was the wife of a retired tradesman, and so not being likely to meet the attaché in haute society, there is no income venient in admitting her to the mysteries and the spirits are summoned. The usual " manifestations" take place, and at last the attaché orders the table to throw itself on an arm-chair, eight feet distant. The obedient piece of furniture oscillates instantly with frightful rapidity. " The oscillations continued for about the space of half a minute with increasing force, till its wings violently from righttolef t that by all those laws of equilibrium and gravitation so irrefragable argued by Professor Faraday and other learned pundits, it must inevitably have fallen on one or other of its sides, on or about the spot where it then stood the consumma- tion which, as a matter of course, I expected. When lo I to my utter stupor and amaze, it suddenly made one strange unnatural con- vulsive bound, no longer in its previous direction, from my left to right, but in the opposite diagonal, straight away from me, leaping the intervening distance, and falling precisely on the foot of the designated arm- chair." Still the acute authoress of A ni ella is unconvinced and even a subsequent experi- ment in Granada, where a Spanish medium summons the ghost of Hahnemann, fails to move her nature to its depths. She goes to Germany, where she seeks compensation in the glowing imagery of German genius, and the profound mines of German thought, for the loss of the charms of sunny Spain and " pro- foundly immersed in these absorbing studies," has small leisure for the consideration of any revelation however stupendous. But soon she flies to Venice, " Venice the city of her pre- direction," Here she was again exposed to spiritual influences. "Here," she says, " I was at last in my element. Thought and inspiration flowed thick and fast into my soul. My days were spent in wandering about the little camp, in exploring all the mysterious penetration of that most mysterious and beautiful of cities, in lingering among its churches and palaces, admiring their noble monuments and antique splendour, and drinking in the lofty creations and gorgeous colouring of Titian and Veronese My evenings passed scarcely less delightfully in the society of Venetian literati, savants, (sic) > artists, and composers many of them men of the past generation, and of advanced age but still Hashing with all that spirit and one or - sempiternal youth which is the unquenchable - privilege of genius. Of course, in such com-. panionship, various abstract questions were brought on the tapis which do not generally - find a place in the conversation of drawing room butterflies, or in the batons rumpus , dialogues of quadrilles and waltzes. Spiritualism which was again exciting attention in Italy, was naturally not excepted." t A Madame de N-, who, with her husband, a man of the highest Russian family (all the friends of our authoress move in the best circles ; her bear never dances, but to the genteelest of tunes is included in this circle of < fine minds, resolves to thoroughly test the claims of spiritualism, and forms a party at her villa at Como- for that purpose. The first seance seems likely to be a failure. At last Madame de N-- thinks the table is moving. " Sac a papist!" cries M. de N-, who, like all Russians of rank, is thoroughly Parisien,. " it did. move that time." So the obliging table forks a little, and says that a priestess of Thebes is present.. The party is alarmed,., had our authoress continues to question, the spirit, and has just discovered that two priestess lived in the reign of Ptolemy Soter when the lamp goes out. "Sacritle I" cries Mr deN-. "You WAU find a boudoir. on the piano," says his wife ; adding " the esprit fort of the party 'par excellence is the one most afraid ofghrvsts," " Pour quima pmnezvow VS says M. de N. angrily, and lights the taper ; upon witch being lit the priestess of Thebes departs. The next evening an, Atitean are marching in tho name of "Euroa's appears omV by his inspiration the table not only stands erect, but plays the piano and drums upon a guitar This evening all doubts vanish ; our authoress and Madame de NT. are confirmed spiritualists from this time forth. The reasons for their conversion, by 4 Bospticlim and Spiritualism: the Kxporlenoeael a Sceptic" By the authoress ol''Aurel-," IitttjoVja; K. Pitman, SO Paternoster Row, given by Madame de N.', are couched in the most exquisite feminine logic. _ _ j . c "'This ' night's experiments absolutely conclusive to me, said Madame de N s, in her decided uncompromising way, as we sat down for rest at midnight, fairly exhausted by the evolutions of the table and our own emotions. ' I am positive of two facts ; first, that in what I have witnessed there was neither defeat nor delusion of any sort whatever. Secondly, what is still more incontrovertible, that it could not possibly have been caused by any one present pressing down, jerking, or otherwise impelling the table. Hence, as I am entirely of opinion that a table is not, and never can be a self-acting, still less an intelligent agent, the only theory tenable to my mind is, that the marvels it has performed in our presence have been achieved by the volition and propulsion of an intelligent and invisible, consequently an incor- poreal, agent. Ergo, as an incorporeal intelligence call it what you please-is neither more nor less than a spirit, I conclude irrevocably that spiritual force is the key of the enigma and were all the savants (sic) and, academies in Europe to endeavour to silence me or to disprove the testimony of my senses, they would find it out of their power to prevent my asserting in their teeth, from this hour till the day of my death, that spiritualism is a fact, and spiritual intercourse a possibility even in this world. You see,' she concluded, turning to me with a smile, the harmonious chords are the and gravitation leap to me.' " Of the many experiments recounted by our now converted sceptic, we have small room to speak. The Turkish ambassador-our authoress says "she scrupulously avoids cultivating the acquaintance of any but intellectual and superior minds who is a man of vast genius, has interviews with the spirit of Theodosius the Great, who obliges him with many valuable political recipes through the agency of a small oval table. The spirits invent a mild system of shorthand in order to communicate with rapidity, writing Th.R.ON.G. for You are wrong, and express- ing je men vase by gains. Indeed some of their freaks may be considered startling to' ladies of commonplace minds. A spirit-a bon enfant threatens to visit our authoress in bed," and absolutely does not stroking her arm with much demonstration of affection. Our authoress writes to Judge Edmonds in New York, and receives from that worthy old gentleman, letters which strike her with admiration at " the transcendent intellectual power of his mind." She goes to a stage, at which is present the "belle of Syra, par excellence ! a perfect \ arabesque! la volumes incarnate," and beholds a table " salute, by dipping, the name of God." A Jewish child sees angels with golden crowns, and beholds Jesus Christ and the Virgin Mary is long floating veils. Marvels increase. The room being darkened darkness is essential to spirit performances -the following absurdity is recounted as having taken place : i" The spirits are unplaiting my hair,' said the child. After a few moments more I received two or three drops of water in my face ; then another person announced the same fact ; then a third, and so on, till every one had been sprinkled in turns The table now' rapped out ' light.' Who Obeyed, and then to our amazement we perceived that the girl's hair was all stuck full of flowers and whereas we had all seen it when we sat down rolled round her head in one large place, it was now let down her back in a number of small tresses. But where did the flowers come from? that was no less puzzling. As we consulted, one of the party exclaimed that a vase on the chimney-piece, which had been full of flowers when we sat down, was empty and so indeed it was. The spirits had made use of all the flowers it contained to decorate the child's head, and, moreover, it proved that they had emptied it of all the water, thus accounting for the general sprinkling we had received." Such is a feeble outline of the treat provided by our authoress for the laughter-loving. We do not care to viciously criticise it. It is one of those books which though amusing, are such strong arguments against the equality of mental capacity in the sexes, that we have no heart to attack them. Indeed, did we do so, the authoress would hold us up to the ridicule of the world, for she says that she is quite prepared to meet the full quiver of the satirical shafts that will doubtless be levelled at her by the lively critics" and that she will soundly trounce them for their pains : To these microscopic Walpole's and Boufflers There respond, that their report may be very witty, but in order to be either cutting or apropos, it lacks, like most of their argu- ments! three indispensable ingredients, ie., depth, truth, and relevancy. " Lest we should be scored as a microscopic Walpole we only then advise the public to read Scepticism and Spiritualism with tolerance, because, though full of bad French, worse English, illogical argument, and all that feminine fustian which belongs to those poor dear women who affect "studies," literature," and the society of men of intellect, " it is believed by a number of worthy folk in this city to be a well-bred, grammatical, and intelligent exposition of the " truths" of the lost new religion. 