M(i^t:$$M%M ? w TSE GOBLIN BARBER. A Story in Three Chapters. TFrom ' Bow Bells ' Dreams! ^Continued from our last.} Chapter II. ; We -will now follow Albert, who is making his -way towards Brabant to en ? deavor to call in some considerable sums that are due to Timi at. Antwerp. A ; journey from Bremen to Antwerp, -when road-blockades were still in vogue, and every landlord thought himself entitled .to plunder any ?wayfarer who had pur 1 chased no safe conduct, and to leave tilni in the wardroom of his tower, was an un dertaking of great, difficulty and peril. Nevertheless, Albert succeeded in ar \- riving at the goal of his pilgrimage with . out encountering more than a single ad venture. ( Far into the wastes of Westphalia he rode one sultry day till nightfall, without ' reaching any inn. Stormy cloudsgathered, 0 and soon a heavy rain drenched him to the skin. To one who had been tenderly -.. cared for, this eveut was .one 6f consider able discomfort. . '-? 'How and- where was he to pass the night?' he asked himself . * To his intense relief, when the tempest : cleared away, he saw a light in , the dis tance, and speedily reached a mean hovel, 'which was more like a cattle-stall thstn.a human habitation. But the unfriendly V owner refused him shelter, and fire, and 1 water, and treated him with coarse- speech. \- The man was just about to stretch himself ? upon the straw amongst his steers, and 'felt too tired to rekindle the fire on his ] hearth for the sake of . a stranger. : At this Albert swore roundly, but the peasant took it all in good part, blew out his light with great composure, and bade the other ' Good night.' ' But the weary traveller, standing at the door, still continued his lamenta tions. The peasant at last said, 'Master,5 you'll. get nothing whatever here. - If you seek good . entertainment, you've but toj ride a little way to your left, through the wood, where the* Castle of Baron -Bruckburg stands, and you'll find it di 'rectly. He is a noble who lodges all tra 'vellers. He has just one whim in his .head — he lets no guest depart from him unbasted. But although- he may dust ?your jacket, you'll like your fare prodi 'giously.' . To procure a mess of savory soup and .a stoup of wine, by surrendering one's shoulders to the cudgel, is, in truth, hot -to the taste of all men. Albert reflected: fora while, and at last made up his mind 'to run all risks. He put spurs to his nag, and soon arrived in front of a castle-gate of ancient architecture. Then he blew a loud blast on his horn, which was echoed far and near. ' Who art thou, and what is thy fensi ness here -?' demanded a voice from the -wicket. Albert replied that he, a benighted: wayfarer, desired shelter . and refresh merit. . . The possessor of this ancient building; had served, in his youth, as a soldier in the Emperor's army, under the bold 'Georg von Fronsberg. He had now retired, and was living on his property; /where he employed himself in f eeding the hungry, giving drink to the thirsty, -lodging pilgrims, and afterwards cudgel ling them out of doors. He was a rude soldier, and could not lay aside his martial tones, notwithstanding that he had lived for many years in silent peace. Albert, who had now determined to abide by the custom of the rough Baron's house, had not waited long before the bolts and locks began rattling within, and the creaking gate-leaves moved asunder, moaning dolefully, as if to warn or de plore the entrance of the new-comer, who shuddered as he passed in, as if cold water were being poured down his back. He was handsomely received. Some servants came to assist him in dismount ing ; speedily unbuckled his luggage, took his steed to the stable, and its rider to a spacious, well-lighted hall, where their master was in waiting. The warlike aspect of this gentleman, who advanced to greet his visitor, shook bis hand with a grip of iron, and bade him welcome in a voice of thunder, put Albert Tetzel into such a state of terror, that he could not hide his apprehensions, and began to shake all over. - ' What ails you, my young master ?' enquired the Baron. The other plucked up spirit. He re collected that his back might have to pay the score, and so his coward fears were dismissed, and he became audacious. ' Baron,' returned he, with much as surance, 'you perceive that the rain has soaked me, as if I had been plunged in the River Weser. Permit me to have my garments dried or changed, and get me, by way of supper, a well-spiced aleberry, to drive away the ague fit that is quaking through my frame. Then. I shall recover in some degree.' 'Good !' answered the host ; 'order whatever you require : you are at home here.' W hereupon Albert commanded about him like a grand bashaw. - ' I've nothing else but a currying to expect,' said he to himself, ' so I'll take care to deserve it.' So he bantered and raved at, in his most imperious style, the domestics who were serving him. ?. ' It «omes all to one in the long run,' he added, mentally, as he ran on. ' This, waistcoat would encom pass a tun ; bring me one that will fit better; these slippers pinch me; this ruff is as stiff as a board, and choke3 me like a halter ; bring me one that is easier, and that is not plastered with starch.' The Baron, far from showing any anger at his guest's rude behavior, kept invit ing his servants to obey briskly these commands. The table being spread, the Baron and Albert sat down to it, and both heartily enjoyed their aleberry. ' Would you have aught more by way of supper?' the Baron asked. 'Bring us what you have,' answered Albert, 'that I may see how your kitchen is provided.' Presently a repast was spread upon the board with which ^emperor might have been satisfied! '._'''. \- Albert fell to without waiting to be. ;pressecLto'eat;, ?-..': ' - '[-.y. ; ..' ,???, . ;i ? 'Tour larder yields abundantly,' he observed. 'If your cellar, Baron, is as good, I shall praise' your housekeeping. ' \- The nobleman nodded his head, and rdirectly filled a . cup of. welcome with table wine,, tasted-, and presented it to his guest, then drained it at a, draught. Albert pledged him honestly^ and the Baron asked what he had to say to the wine. 'It is bad, if i* is ttte best ™ X**01 cellar, and good, if it is your meanest number.' ' Ah, fair Sir, jour- are a judge, 5ce joined the Baron, with one of his loud laughs. ' Here, Swarte, 'bring ua of the mp.thfir-cask.'' ....-??? . ? ?? ? i The_ butler placed a stoup. upon, the table, as a sample t and Albert, having ; tasted it, remarked, .'* Ah, this is^genuine last, year's ^growth. We'll stick by this.'* iBy^and-byr the Baron drank himself into ^ gleesome condition, and began to talk of his campaigns ; and in his narra tive he rose to ' such a pitch of excite- : inent, that he hewed down bottles and silver tankards, and scattered them all around him. , . _ ^.; ' ? ! The hour was growing late, - yet the vivacity of the B&ron;'s narration increased with every cup^he-femptied.' -Albert i feared that iEis-ross only the prologue to the melodrama in which he himself was to play the -mos$ interesting part. ? In! - order to learn whether it was meant that he should '1i6agewi£hin the castle or! wiihtmt,- he demanded a bumper, by way of ' Good night.' : 'JSTow,' thought he,. ' he will-seek to; compel me to drink more than is good for me ; and if I- refuse, he will pick a quarrel with me, and drive me forth with blows, according; to the custom of the house.' .-...? Contrary to his expectations, the re quest-was granted readily, ' Baron,' said- our hero, 'to-morrow, by sunrise, I must away over hill and dale. X am journeying to Brabant. Suffer me, then, to thank you, iand to take leave of you tornight, that toy departure may not disturb you in the -morning,' .. i .. . ' .. t, . . . ?? - *' Nay,' returned the other, 'depart from this you shall not until I am but of the feathers to see you refresh yourte.lf with a bit of bread and a toothful of Dantzig, then. attend you to the gate, and -dismiss v.ou according to the fashion' of this place.5' The young man needed no. interpreta- tion to those words. Gladly as he would' have dispensed with his -host's attendance! to the gate, the latter seemed deter-; mined to omit no whit of his established; rule. ; The Baron's domestics undressed the; guest, and put Tiim to bed, where he an-i joyed delicious repose and happy dreams. j He would have lain on his pillow till midday, had he not been aroused by the; sonorous voice and clanking spurs, of his host. When he left his couch a dozen nimble hands were dressing him.; The Baron led him into a room where breakfast awaited' them. But now, when the hour of recfe oning had arrived, Albert'^ appetite had' vanished. . . . . ' Come eat, fair sir — come eat !' urged the other. 'My stomach is still too full of your' supper, Baron ; but my pocketsare empty; these will I fill for the hunger that is to come.' ? With this, the wandererer. began to cram his pockets with all that was trans portable. Then, observing that his horse, well-combed and equipped, was being led* into the courtyard* he took a drain of Dantzig as a farewell, thinking that this ? would-be the watchword for his lost to catch him by the neck, and exercise his , household privileges. But, to Albert's astonishment, the Baron shook him kindly by the hand, wished him luck on his way, and the \ bolted door was flung- aside. He paused not in springing on the back : of his nag ; and ' Tip, tap 1' he was on ? the other side of the gate, and no hair of ' him harmed. : What a heavy load was taken off: his mind. He could scarcely credit i that he was in safety. The Baron iiad ; been cruelly maligned, he thought ; he [ would ride back, and search out at the fountain-head -the reason of the ill-report ' which had so affrighted him. Accordingly, . he turned his horse's head, and cantered back. ? 'What is it, young master ?' cried the Baron, supposing the stranger Had missed some of .his travelling-gear, and glancing reproachfully at his servitors. .'I crave yet a word with you, Sir Baron,' responded Albert. 'An ill report has gone abroad which injures your name and your breeding. It is said that you treat every wayfarer that calls upon you with your best, and then, when he quits, you let him feel the weight of your strong fists. This tale I credited, and I spared nothing to deserve my due from you. Saidltomyself , * The Baron will abate me nothing ; I will abate him as little/ But now you let me depart without strife or peril, and at that I am amazed. Pray, tell me, is there any shadow of foundation for the thing ?' ' Report,' answered the Baron—' re port has spoken the truth. I lodge every stranger .that comes beneath my roof. But I am a plain German of the old cut, and require thai my guest should be hearty and confiding. How, there is a sort of people who think to cozen me with fine speeches, who eat at my table as if I grudged them their food, and. who scarcely wet their lips from the full cup. Such like as these I catch by the neck, thrust and pack out of doors. But a man of your stamp, my master, is always welcome. , Call on me boldly should you every come this way again, and so, heaven speed you !' Arrived at Antwerp, Albert saw riches on every side. Albert was elate with hope at the sight of so much evident prosperity. He thought that his debtors would willingly make him full payment the moment he put forth his claims. He enquired about- several merchants who were on his list, and found that most of them wer& in affluent circumstances. This piece of intelligence refreshed him greatly, and he lost no time .in presenting his several documents to i;hbse whom they concerned. But,' alas! tome of the Antwarpera would have nothing to do with their former, sins ; others, could not recollect the name of Herman T«etzel ; whiie others again _' brought ' out a strong counter reckoning ; .and 'before three days, had passed over his luckless? head Albert was sittirig iiir th6,:4^fefe»r?' Fard to answer for his dead; father's credit, not to depart 'until he had paid the uttermost farthing. The young man was almost prostrated with despair/ and prayed for death to come and put an end to all his woes. Now it was not .the object of the cruel Antwerpe'rs to ; extort any money from pur hero, but only to pay him none, as his claims were not admitted to be legal. So, after the: lapse of three weary months, Albert was delivered from his imprison ment, and commanded to quit the city at once, and never ,to put foot in ,it again. Atthesame time he, received five crowns for travelling expenjfc from, ,-the hands of justice, wMch had. taken charge of his horse and luggage, and, now refused to render the same back to .their, lawful owner. j ? ' -?'???- With .his staff in his hand, he left the rich town into which he had ridden some short time ago with highrsoaring antici pations. Broken^dovm and undetermined w;hatJto do he plodded through the streets to the nearest; gate, not heeding whither the : road into which chance con-' jiucted him might leacL He noticed none; and he asked for .^ no inn, save when fatigue and; hunger compelled, him' jto seek resj; and fpodi, . , : . Several days lie wandered on, almost unconsciously, ;and, a secret instinct had still, by means of his feet, led him for ward in the direction of home; when all at once he awoke as from an oppres sive, dream, and perceived the route he was pursuing. . : . r -.--?. Instantly he halted j to consider whether . he should proceed ,or retrace his steps. Shame and anguish. took possession of his soul when he thought of skulking: about his native city as a rbeggary churning the charitable aid of bis townsmen, whom of old he had eclipsed by his wealth and his magnificence. And how-, in this form, could he present himself before, Theekla ? . He did not allow his imagination time to finish ? this' : mournf al ^picture ; but wheeled abohit to take: another path, - as quickly as if he had been Standing before -the gates of Bremen, and' the' apprentices^ had been, assembled =fco accompany him with gibes ? and mockery, through the streets. - - His purpose was formed. He would make - for the nearest seaport in the ^Netherlands, r engage as saUor in some Spanish ship, to work his passage to the New World,-and not return^ to his own country until, in the Peruvian land of gold, he should have regained as much wealth as he had squandered' so heedlessly before he knew the value of -money. Oncetnore he was on Flemish soil, and found himself not far from- Rheinberg, in a little*! 'hamlet called - Rummelsimrg. The only inn in the place- was' fullj so mine host referred the tired traveller to the next village. -j :..-:,; : Id letiringjfthe footsore one muttered between his teeth some bitter complaints and curses, which reached the landlord's ear, and made him seem to feel some pity for the forlorn wanderer. : ' Stay, friend ; let me have a word or two with ?: you. If you wish to rest in the hamlet, I can accommodate you after all. In yon castle there are plenty of empty rooms, if they be not too lonely. It is not tenanted, and I am furnished with the keys.' - ' ' Albert accepted the proposal with un disguised: thankfulness. He wanted only a supper' and a shelter, and cared not whether he obtained such in a palace or a cottage.- ' .'-'-??''? Mine host, - however, was privily a rogue, whom it tad annoyed to hear the stranger drop some7 half -distinct con tumeiiesagamstidm, and who meant to be avenged on him by a hobgoblin who in habited the «ld fortress,' and had many! years before expelled the owners. The ancient 'Structure lay hard by the, hamlet, on a steep -rock)- exactly opposite to the inn, -from which it was divided merely by' the highway and a little bub bling stream. 'The situation being so good, the edifice was kept' in repair, and: well provided^ with all sorts of house-! ^ear ; for it served its owner as a hunting; lodge, where he Often caroused all day,i but, as«oon as thb sun -sank to his rest,: retired from, with the whole of his re-; tinufe, to avoid meeting with the ghost,, who rioted about in it tbie whole night: through, but by daylight was never seen.! The dark night was fast \coming on,: 'When our '^heroj with a lantern in his; hand, proceeded towards the castle gate,j under tiie guidance of -.mine host, who! carried in hip hand a basket of meat and! bread, and a flask, of wine: He had with' him, likewise, a pair of candlesticks, and a. couple of wax lights ; foe in iie whole; castle there was neither lamp nor taper, as i rio'one ever stayed Xtt^t 'after twilight ! i On the way, Albert noticed, the heavy, creaking basket 'borne by his companion, : and the candles which he thought he : should npt need, and' yet must pay for ; ; and he said, 'Wherefore this, friend? I want neither a banquet nbr an illumi nation. The igljmmjer in '^he lantern will ' be sufficient to light 'the to bed ; and when I awake, the sun will be high enough, for ? Lam tired out,i and shall sleep with both: eyes:' ? c ?? ?? ,'?'.'???-?. 'I will not conceal from you, Sir Traveller,? answered the landlord^ 'that a story prevails of there being a goblin inr the castle. , But you must not let the tale disturb- you ;' we'are close enough for you *cm call us, should you meet with anyicauseof alarm ; my people and 1 would be at your elbow 'in a twink ling. In -my house there we keep astir the whole night through. I have lived here these- thirty years; yet I : cannot say that / have -ever seen aught. I have provided you with consecrated' candles, so that all things unholy will avoid their shine. ? '} -;-;'- ' ; ;:- ? -. ' . ? --? * The innkeeper- told '??} no falsehood when he said that he had never seen anything of spectres- in the ^castle/ for he had taken very good eax& never to cross its thres hold, and he: did not mean to do soon this occasion. ;'' ? - '??,?' After opening the private portals, he handed Albert the basket,, directed him which way to go, tend wished him 'Good- night.?'. The young, man entered the place with -Jut: , eUier anxietyLor. .fear. . . He believed the story: of the ghost to be all empty tattle^, andjinwardlyr laughed at it. , . According to the instructions ©f the landlord, he -ascjended the .winding stone stairs, and 'reached a door, which he un locked with the key with which he had been provided. : :A long dark gallery, where his footsteps resounded, led him into a large hall, thence into a suite oi apartments richly furnished and deco rated. From amongst these he selected a chamber which had the friendliest aspect, where he found a well-pillowed bed, and from the window of which he could look down upon the hostel, and hear nearly all the loud words that they spoke there. He lit his tapers, spread his table, and set to eating and drinking with extra ordinary relish, never once bestowing a thought upon the reported devilry in the castle. After he had finished his repast he locked the. room .door. Then he went to the window, and looked- out upon the night. The road beneath was empty and silent, and the inn was dark and voiceless as a sepulchre.' Presently the watchman blew his horn, and then proclaimed the critical hour of midnight. ? Albert closed the casement, went the round of the room once more, prying into every nook and crevice, to see whether ail jras safe and earthly, snuffed the lights to make them burn brighter;; and, without -undressing or delaying, threw himself upon the bed. But, tired as he was, he could not fall asleep as soon as he wished. Ai length, however, he dropped into a light slumber. He might have been asleep about an hour, when he suddenly started up in terror. He was wide awake. He listened ; all; was quiet. He listened once more; then, hearing no sMirids- lie composed himself again on 'his /pillow. Scarcely had he done this,. whea he caught the noise, of a distant door grating' on its hinges, and immediately it shut with a muffled bang. v , ? Albert breathed hard and fast. 'Was it the wind?' he asked, through his chattering teeth. . .'.' Quicker and quicker now came heavy fOOtStepS.. ; T ,L-. -; jT !} . A lack, liefe was no Vind business 1 Our hero held his peace, while fear was driving all the blood to his heart, and made it beat, like a smith's forge hammer. This business was now far beyond a joke.* Quaking, Albert hid himself be neath the bedclothes, and pulled them close over his ears. Outside, it came along with a hideous uproar, and at last it reached the poo j wanderer's chamber. It jerked sharply at the lock, tried several keys until it found the right one. . Yet the bolt still held the barrier, till a bounce like a thunder-cktp made bolt and. rivet start, and threw it wide open. In, now, stalked ^a lean man in ancient garb, and with a melancholy counter nance and long black beard. Over his right shoulder he had a Bcarlet cloak, and on his head he wore a peaked hat. With a dragging step he thrice mutely paced the floor, looked at 'the consecrated tapers, and snuffed them in order that they might burn brighter. Then he cast aside his cloak, girded on a scissor-pouch, which he had under it, produced a set; of shaving- tackle, and immediately began to whet a razor oh the broad strap which he wore at his girdle. Perspiring in mortal agony under his coverlet, from which he took a peep now and then,- Albert now recommended himself to the keeping of all the saints in Christendom, and anxiously speculated on the object of this manoeuvre, not knowing whether it was meant for his throat or his beard.; To Albert Tetzel's great relief, the goblin poured some water from a silver flask into a basin of -the same metal, and; with his withered hands beat the soap up; into a hither ; then he placed a chair and beckoned with a solemn look to the; trembling watcher to come forth between; the bedclothes. - Albert obeyed the spectre's mute order,; flung off the coverlet, sprang hastily from his couch, and took the seat pointed out to him. : ! The goblin barber now tied a towel; about his shivering customer, seized the comb and scissors, and rapidlyj clipped off the whole 'of his hair ands beard. Then he soaped him, quite: scientifically, first the beard, next the' eyebrows, and at last the lemples and the hind part of the head, and shaved, him from throat to nape as smooth and, bald as a death's head. This operation completed, he washed thepate of his victim, dried it sufficiently, made abow, buttoned up his scissor-pouch, . enfolded his lank figure in his scarlet mantle, and made to depart. The consecrated tapers had burnt with, peculiar brightness throughout the whole: transaction, and by tl^e light of them, Albert saw in the mirrdr that the shaver! had made him resemble ^an Indian idol. ' The young man groaned inwardly over; the loss of his fair, brown locks ; but he hoped, that this sacrifice had settled his account with the ghost, and that now he would begone and come not again. 