EXTRAORDINARY STORY OF LORD BROUGHAM. One of the most remarkable stories recently told appears in Lord Brougham's autobiography, which haajust been iseued by Messrs Blackwoud :-" A most remark able thing happened to me so remarkable that I must tell the story from the beginning. After I left High School, I went with G--- , my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the University. There was no divinity cla=s, but we frequently In our walks dis cussed and speculated on many grave sub. ject., among others, on the immortality of the soul, and on a future state.. Thls question, and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but of the. dead appearing to the living, were subjects of much speculation; and we actually com mitted the folly of drawing up an agree ment, written with our own blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the ' life after death.' After we bad finished our classes at the college, G- went to India, having got au appointment there in the civil service. He seldom wrote to moe, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him; moreover,- his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard any - thing of them, or of him through them so that all the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten his existence. 1 had taken, as I have said, a warm bath ; and while lying in it and en 0oying the comfort of the heat after the tate eezing I had undergone, I turned Imay biad rmdlooklng towsrdar b(eciiS on which I bhaddepiiid?r my' elothae"as I waaabout to get ot:of the blath. 1 O6 t the chair set i-, looking calmly at ma How I'got out of the bath I -know not, but on recoverlDg my .enses I found myselfsprawling on the floor. The ap. parition, or whatever it was that had taken the likeness of G0 , had dis appeared.: This vision produced such a ahock that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about 'it even to Stuart; but the impression it made upon me was so vivid as not to be easily for gotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written .down the whole history with the date, December 19th, and all the particulars, as they are ,ow fresh before me. No doubt I: had fallen asleep, and that the appearance piesented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt; yet for years I had no communicatitn .with 0--,; nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection. Nothing had taken place during our Swedish travels either connected with 0- or with India, or with anything relating to him or to any member of his family. I recollected quick enough our old di cussion, and the bargain we had made. I could not discharge from my mind the impression that G-- must have died, and that his appearance to me was to be received by meas a proof of a future state. This was on December 19, 1799. In October .1862, Lord Brougham added as a posteript-" I have just been copying out from r.y journal the account of this strange dream. Certiesima mortis image. And now to finish the story, begun about sixty years since. Soon after my return to Edinburgh there actually arrived a letter from India announcing G- 'e death, and stating that he did on Decem ber 19." 