The Accident at the Late Victorian Review.. The body of the unfortunate man, Corporal Alexander (says the Argus of Friday), who was killed at the review on Wedneaday, was recovered yesterday afternoon by the Water Police. A boat's crew of five men left Wil- liamstown at daybreak, and proceeded up the Saltwater River, where they were joined by the police from Fobtscray and some other par- ties in boats. The river .was dragged from Lynch's bridge up-warda, :to the distance of about three quarters of a mile. Between ten and eleven o'clock something was felt at one of the hooks ; but on hauling up the drag the line conneeting the hook which had the weight broke and the hook was lost. Dragging was immediately resumed, and about a quarter- past four o'clock something was again felt at the drags, close to where it was observed be- fore, and not far. from the. spot where the accident occurred. The drags were once more drawn up, bringing with them the body, one of the hooks having caught the man's waist belt. The missing hook was found fastened to the boot on the left leg. The body was taken into the boat and removed to the Punt Inn, near the bridge, where it was identified by a brother of the deceased. A watch and chain, and a purse containing money, were found in the trousers pocket, and were recog- nised as Alexander's property., The corpse presented a frightful spectacle. The right side of the head had been blown away, the right arm and right leg were terribly shattered, and other parts of the body were also mutilated. THE INQUEST. At the inquest held on the remains of the unfortunate Corporal Alexander, held in Mel- bourne on Friday last, the following medical testimony was given, which shows the terrible nature of the accident: — -Edwin James, of Melbourne, legally quitted medical practitioner stated: I am assistant-surgeon to the Volunteer Engineer Corps; I was on duty with the corps on the 24th instant at the review ; the corps was engaged during the day in preparing and exploding mines ; about half-past four Captain Parnell informed me that a man had been blown up at one of the mines; one of the company showed me the upper portion of the jaw, evidently of a man recently killed, as it was warm ; it was covered with dark, black mud ; I also saw portion of a busby and a pair of trousers ; I saw the body of the de- ceased this morning; the right half of the face was torn completely away, and the skull shattered in all parts; both clavicles were broken, and the ribs and chest were broken in many parts ; the arms were also fractured in several places ; the right of the pelvis was severely fractured ; there was extensive lacera- tion about the things and legs; the right leg and foot were broken ; the skull was empty of brains ; from the fact that the whole of the inj dries were in the front of the body, my opinion is the deceased was stooping over the mine when it exploded; death mus't have been instantaneous ; the left knee and foot were dislocated ; the portion of the jaw shown to me corresponded with the skull of the deceased. The Argus of Saturday gives the following, resume of the inquest:- — The evidence, on some points slightly contradictory aud on others not very clear, brought out the following facts. There were twenty mines to explode, six in a row on the left, thirteen in a double row on the right, and one mine in the centre by itself. The mines were to be exploded by means of an electric battery, and there were eight wires besides a ninth to the centre mine. The eight wires were connected to as many mines by Sapper Draper, and the free ends were turned round a piece of stick, in regular order, for for subsequent connexion with the battery. Alexander was to do the work of connecting the wires to the mines, and Draper to connect the free ends with the battery, one at a time, .and so explode the mines. The first eight mines were exploded all right. Alexander then came from behind a fence to the left, which was his cover, to transfer the wires to a second series of mines. In a short time he returned to his cover and made the signal for firing. Draper thereupon fastened the first wire to the battery and pressed down the con- necting key ; an explosion followed. The second wire was connected, but no result was produced. Draper went out to see what was the matter, and found Alexander drawing in the slack of one of the wires leading to the left mines. He made a remark to Alexander about needing to be smarter, and told him that the wires for the mines on the right would be connected for him. This was a de- parture from the first arrangement. Alexan- der again made the signal for firing, but No.1 wire discharged a mine further to the right than did wire No. 2, the reverse of what was intended.. As soon as the explosion of the right mine (No. 5) had taken place, Alexan- der ran out from his cover to the left mine (No. 3), and it exploded just as he got to it. The supposition is that Alexander was misled by the explosion of the wrong mine first, and believed that something was wrong with the wire to No. 3, which was known to be defec- tive, and the further supposition is that the wrong mine was exploded first through Alex- ander's unintentionally crossing the wires. His coming out from cover at all was con- trary to instructions, but in the hurry of the moment, he may have forgotten the necessity, of caution, and, according to the evidence, he was given to taking serious matters coolly. It was suggested by one. witness, that Alexander came out of cover to escape from falling earth sent up by the explosion of No. 5.mine. The verdict was that the deceased was killed acci- dentally while discharging his duty as a vo- lunteer. Jack's Aunt's Flat Candlestick Jack that is Jack Wyvil, of course—was one of the staff of the Saturday Startler, & weekly journal, combining sensation with the political aud other intelligence- I was dra matic critic . of that organ, an arrangement which suited me, because, having to do the theatres for the Daily Dashaiaay, I found it. no difficulty to reel oft a second notice of the piece, for the hebdomadeL Jack Wyvil was doing the leading romance writer and a few other odd things on the paper. We took a fancy to: eaph, other, ,ond spent many an after noon, and not a few evenjngs together. He was a gentleman — that there was no doubt of —-but he .was sorely reduced in circumstances; «nd the aneciptes he. related to me of the time when he and,a friend, who was an academy student.! lived in a garrett in Gray's Inn( in a constant; state.of. siege, by . creditors, were as amu8ingas his stories in the Startler, with the advantage of being true, besides. But, amus ing as. they might be to those who heard them, they could . not have been pleasant to the actors, and I said as much to Jack. ' When you're dunned for money you don'|b choose to pay, it's all Very well; you can ring the cur tain down on the comedy when you're tired. But when you positively can't pay you must play»— play it but to the last scene.' ''But hang it all !' said I, with a recollection of stress of debt at college, and of its removal, ' couldn't you apply to your friends)' ' Hold hard, young inan !'— he. was some four or five years my senior in age— in experience of the world and life more -than that—' you're using a word there which I always like to have clearly defined. What do you mean by 'iriends t I had only had one real ' friend ' then— Jim Dowries, the young painter I told you of, who shared chambers. He had exactly as much as I had— nothing! If he had been possessed of. a penny more. than I he wouldn't have been a real friend. If you mean the or dinary 'article termed ' friend,' and procurable (while you have the money) in assorted lots, then let me tell you they would have been the hut people I should have applied to, it being my experience, that a confession of weakness to them is dangeroua. There are only two seta of people, as far as my experience' goes, who really will go out of their way to injure you— the friends you've always tried to help, and the enemies you've never tried to harm. -The rest of the world doesn't know enough about you to take any trouble. Now, give me a light,! for I've let my pipe out during the sermon.' . 'I meant relations, Jack,' said I apologeti cally, 'when I used, the conventional vague ness you have very properly pitched into.' 'Oh ! that's even worse, for of all people in the world) one's relations are those who are last-likely to prove one's friends. I have no relations, except a rich old aunt.' . ' The very party to apply to!' 'Possibly, but also the very, party to be refused aid by — with a snubbing in! Bless you, the old girl is serious. When she heard I was a * writing fellow' — especially of fiction (though for that matter I don't see much difference between a story teller and a newspaper correspondent) — she resolutely refused to see me or hear of me. Tracts I might have written, aud remained in ?her favour. I never cared to bother her; for I had always, as a youngster, been foolishly independent, and hated the notion of making up to her for her coin. I said I would make ;my own . way in the world by my talent!' ' I was 4--ing fairly well at the time. My college, debts having been cleared off, I was Creeping my terms at the Temple on an income ?which,j with what I got by my pen, was more thanenough for my humble requirements. I was able to be of some , assistance' to Jack' therefore— though only in- the way of loans, which he, scrupulously repaid when he drew his money. Time went on, and I was called to the bar. Jack was as my call-supper — and that was .the last I saw of him fora long time; for my mother .was taken seriously ill, and I was telegraphed for. I went home, and watched by her bedside t until she was taken away. . I was very fond of her; the only parent' I had ever known, for my father had died while I was infant I was her only child. It1 was' a lpng time before I recovered from the blow, and the arrangement of my affairs kept me in: the country yet longer.. When I re turned to town. I found the little world in Which: I moved knew, me no longer. . My place had been filled tip, and had I wanted work— which luckily 1 did not— I should hav* had but a poor chance of procuring em plbyment on any paper. I had dropped out of the! running completely. Several times I viaited old haunts, ohiefly in the hope of meeting Jack again. But I never fell in with him and some, one told, me he thought he had gone: off as ' sub'' for i provincial paper. But one night as I was sitting alone in my chambers studying a, brief-— I had Begun to .practice in a small way now— there came a timid knock at the door. I opened, and in came, the ghost of Jack Wyvill. He had never— as my description of him' will have led yoja to suppose— looked too robust, ' well jfed, or prosperous. ; ' ' '' ''' Bui npw he was the shadow of his former self. ' We hardly spoke, for, after shaking him Warmly by the hand, and thrusting him into an easy chair' by the fire, I tushed into my larder with an instinctive knowledge that he was 'faint from want of food. When he , had eaten the .modes!; meal of coal meat and bread and cheese which my stores supplied, and drunk'' a little warm grog, he arid 1 be gan to talk. 'What has been going wrong, Jackt' I asked. ''Nothing 1 at least nothing more I wrong than usuaL ' , When I saw you last I was going down hill— «nd there's not aueh d^Br«^ jww, I gues^uiJess it ii e-nit..J '?'-''??'II' .!-?(- J.iifi !-(?.;-. i!'iv-!i/ ?«?..;; -.r.O ?' ;;S:.-.-r; lii Jii.^il .-; fcjsij c.'.OiW: ft ; -fy.il.:.-- M :-i L-. bn!t¥must be pretty- ''n&Hn;^ bottom of the hill ; unless it. happens .to. be.the sloping side, of a pit that shall be nameless.' ' Why did'nt you come before?' 'I came so often and found the oak sported that I gave it up.' I told him the' reason of my absence for such a long time,' and enquired what he had been doing. He took a note-book from his pocket, full of that thin paper which is known as re porter's (' flimsy.' ?' Penny-a-line !' said Jack. 'Parliamentary?' I asked. 'Fires!' was the reply. *' But there are. so many in the same line. Still,' he added, with a grim smile that reminded me of old times, ' I've one advantage.' ' Style V 'No; but as, I am generally without a lodging, and have to walk about the streets all night, I get the b tart of: the others.' I was , horror-struck. The idea of such a . man. without a roof to cover him, wandering about the cruel streets —weary and footsore ! I cast an involuntary glance at his. feet, as this thought occurred, to me. ' Yes,'' he-said, seeing the direction of the look, 'That's the worst of it !' and he turned up his foot so that I could see. his boots were almost soleless, so worn and ragged were they. /'You haven't; an old pair to spare?' At which request I used profane language that I trust the Recording Angel, acting upon pre cedent, was good enough not to set down in indelible ink. I vowed Jack should have a new rig-out, and a home in my rooms till things looked np for him. ' That will never be' !' said he, despondingly. ' I have come down gradually and sarely. If I had come from. the top of the stairs to the bottom with one crash, I might find courage to hark back ; but hang it all ! I've come down the whole, flight, with a bump on each particular step.'. ' How did it happen t' ' I don't know ! . Bad luck, competition, and the spite and jealousy of others — notably of that bloated imposter, Brown— John Brown, who, when he was turned away by 'his master, the chemist and druggist, for licking the antibilious pills, took to literature, and assumed the name of Plan tagenet Brown. He never forgave me for nicknaming him ' Hoofs.' You remember he had the biggest feet and the smallest brains ever known. If he could have only have gone through the world t'other end up, like Quilp's ' boy, in the ' Old Curi osity Shop,' he'd have been a success. He got me out of my romance work for the Startler, and contrived to wriggle me out of some other jobs, Then I had to try my hand at ' penny awfuls,' but that didn't do, as I couldn't refrain from punishing my highway men heroes, and making my burglar heroes pitiful sneaks. My last chance was working for a red specimen of a Jew, who' tried to pass himself off for a Christian, .simply because an ancestor of his happened to be crucified at the same time as the founder of our faith. I had a foreknowledge he would be the end of me.' 'What an illiberal chap you are about Jews!' 'Always was— never got over being swindled at my first start by Blagg, who got me to do his work, and took the credit to himself.' ' But he wasn't a Jew.' ' No, but wasn't be exactly like one ? It seemed as if nature had considerately put that mark upon him to save Christianity from the disgrace of him.' 'Jack, I'm ashamed of you — your language isn't Christianity, goodness knows !' ' Come, just you try and cultivate gentleness and forbear ance in my school — starvation and homeless ness.' I have only described Jack, his temper and his troubles, to show what he would suffer sooner than ask help from his aunt He told me the old lady had made overtures of peace to him, but that' they had. come through a greasy sycophant, who hung about her in the, hopes of getting her money. 'The overtures, so Jack declared, were more insulting than neglect, and he sent his aunt such a reply as. silenced all further attempt at reconciliation. Her emissary was a retired chandler, who had taken to preaching and collecting for missions. His aunt had said she hoped if Jack came home, that lie would be a ' brand snatched from the burning' by the sanctimonious' tal- low-merchant Jack's answer was, that he would rather not be made a farthing dip of to be stuck in such a flat candlestick. Well, to make a. long story short, I did what I could for Jack — gave him the run of my rooms, a 'share of my purse, and procured him some copying, for he wouldn't consent to take a penny of me until he saw a chance of earning the money to repay me. At last, one evening when 'I returned home to my chambers, I found a slip of paper and a cutting from a daily, journal. On the slip Was pencilled, 'Look at the cutting; aunt departed ; went to her- lawyer more out of bravado than auy thing else; they knew nothing of the will, but believed there was a legacy for me; I'm off to find out' I must tell the rest as Jaok 'told if to me on his return, 'I went 'to the old girl's lawyers, as I told you oto that scrap of paper, They were rather! in a huff about her behaviour, and offended at 'Old Tallow,' so they? told me I had; better' see 'what the legacy was. It seemed that, a year ago, an agent, who had been collector of her rents; bad swindled herVand was detected by t'*Old-Tall6w'— ''Setja thief, M' My aunt was furious, sold all her house property, and even such stock gas she had, and put all the money she realised in the Bank of' England, which she Vowed was the only safe place fora defence less woman to' put- her ; little all in. Gonse qusntly she paid her lawyers their bill, and there [was an end of their agency, much to their disgust Well; off I went to my aunt's Where I found her old housekeeper was furi ous a{ the will, whick left everything to Old Tallow, except a paltry legacy to me, about which you will hear mors anon.. ' If s all a 'mystery to me, Master John' the ? teemed ????'?'' I ?'?-?f':':'i--A«j^,!.'vJ.;-.:..,: , ,.,,,..;?. ^,., rf/iNjl.zar-.iKiS-.S .iivi -jfi jh« '?!'.-'? jvi. -a:, -,;'.;?; still to tnintf of me as the'boy I '^as wheh'f used to spend my holidays^thererTT'and.if.you mean to dispute it I'll swear she was out of her mind. Bless you, she'd found the smooth tongued vagabond out, and that's what puzzles me so. She told me the very day before she made the will that she had o/erheard him and his wife — who came pretending to nurse her — whispering when they thought' she was asleep. :He had been saying how clever it was of him not to give you her message (which was a forgiving one, Master' John), and had made you so savage that you wrote so as to cut off your chanee. They talked about a lot of other 'things top, and quite opened the old lady's .eyes to their wicked ways. And she .told me so — as sure as you stand there, sir — and said how she'd defeat them by her' will. Just fancy my astonishment then when I came to witness her will next day, and it gave all she had in the world to him, except her China bed-candlestick, which she left to you.' . Of course I saw what the legacy meant — an illusion to my message — so I fancied the old housekeeper must ' have been mistaken about my aunt's discovery and relenting. But she; stuck to it all the same. While we were talking who should come in but Old Tallow himself, with a greasy smile of satis faction, .and a sneaking declaration that he forgave me my enmity and abuse. He had, he said, a sacred duty to perform — to deliver to me with his own hands, my -aunt's legacy. He grinned us he said it, for he knew the illusion as well as 1 did. 'Here ic is, sir,' said he, ' in exact accordance with the iustruc tipn of her will, to wit 'The white porcelain candlestick which stands by my- bedside, toge ther with all that it contains.' There it is, sir ! Good dfty !' ' He took his leave hastily, for he saw some thing unpleasant in my eye. He left me stand ing in the parlor with the candlestick in my hand, and went hurriedly downstairs, and out of the house before I could find words. The instant I recovered myself I flung up the window, and hurled the candlestick out into the street. There was a smash, and a loud cry of pain ! The missile had descended on Old Tallow's head as he was crossing the road, had knocked his hat over his eyes, and given him a hardish rap on the crown. As soon as he got clear of his hat, he beckoned to a police man who was standing at the corner of the next street. I hurried down to explain the accident, followed by the house-keeper. He insisted to the policeman that it was an as sault, with malice prepense. I appealed to the housekeeper to prove that I had thrown the candlestick away without looking out of the window. But .she, with a woman's in stinct, had picked up the fragments of the candlestick, with an unconscious wonder whe ther it would mend. She pulled the bit of candle-end out; the scrap of paper wound round' it came out with it, became partially unfolded. I saw her give a start, -seize the paper and open it. Then she burst out laugh ing, and handed it to me. It was a cheque — dated the day previous to that on which the will had been signed — for every penny my aunt had in the bank ; in other words, for all her fortune. You should have seen Old Tal low's face then. But look here, it's all right, isn't it? The old housekeeper will swear to her conversation about defeating Old Tallow. The old giri wanted to pay him in his own coin, perhaps ; or she thought if she made a different will he'd forge one, and if she left the cheque for toe openly he'd steal it. But what I was going to say is, do you think the money is legally mine in case Old Tallow dis putes it ? Her words were, the candlestick and all it contains.' ' That's the end of Jack's story. I am en gaged now in examining his claim, and look ing up ' the law of the case, on the chance of Old Tallow's throwing the matter into Chan cery. — Temple Bar. : 