TEN MILE CHEEK. May 4. [F20M OUK C0EBESP0K2JENT.] Mr Ford, the Postronsler, and several other persons liaving niihsid our local doctor, Mr Gordon, for the putt tr.» or ;V.-ci> dnys, thought that he had gone to Mr M'J-n.. in's station, he being in the habit of going over there ; but finding lie was not there, or at any of I lie neighbours' places, llr Ford this morning at 11 o'clock ncnt to hie (the doctor's) hut, and upon opening the door, found the poor old man lying upon the floor dead, his nose and nearly all the flesh eaten •oil' his face by native cats. Ha had been drinking heavily for u few days previously. The poor old doctor will be missed by a good many persons residing about here, for he was at all times ready to attend the sick and needy, without making any charge, and was at all limes of o kindly and generous disposition. I'litrc will be an inquiry held upon his remains ou Saturday. Everyono tppears to be satisfied with the weather we have had during the past week, and it must indeed be of ft most favorable character when it meets with •Universal approval. On every side the cry was heard that raiu was wanted, more especially anlbngst the farming community, who were prevented, owing to the liord and dry state of the ground, from proceeding with tilling operations as repidly as they wished ( but the needful and copious rainfall of Monday last has assisted inuttiTs very considerably, and the ground is now in excellent condition for ploughing, and Land which was previously turned over is throughout the district. being sown and harrowed as quickly as possible. Many of tbo creeks trove in Good after the rain of Monday last, nr.d the country now presents the ap- Viearancoof winter, although as yet very little frost Jius been seen. Grass is everywhere ebundant, and tlie late rains will undoubtedly cause a fresh spring to appear, so that the prospects of ihe grazier may be said to be good as far as feed for his stock is concerned. Wi.ter is also plentiful, and the Hillnbong Creek has, during the past few days, horn ™>'M,?rably swollen. This creek lias now il.ming ,'ur twelve months without intermission, v.--:li every appearance of continuing for as long a pci iu !. The " oldest inhabitant" overs that it nas never known to run a stream throughout Ihe summer on any previous occasion, nor to continue with such t> body of water for as Jong a period. A meeting of the members of tbo Cricket Club was held at the Germenton Hotel to transact general business and to consider what should be done with regard to the reltirn match with the Albury Club; Mr Bruce in the chair. It was resolved to Bend a challenge to the Albury Club to play the return match on a day to be suggested by the members of Ihe latter Clubnot earlierthtm one month from date. Mr Bond urged upon the members to attend practice more regularly, end not to display such apathy as they were wont to do. It was then arranged that meetings for ractico should be held every Saturday afternoon near Sfr Hamilton's, Billabong. Our cricketers labor under great disadvantages through being so widely scattered •and residing so far apart, many of them being ten miles distant from the township. Great difficulty is therefore experienced in getting them together for practice, Bud it often occurs that only three or four will put in an appearance. Persons living in the bush do not enjoy tho Saturday half-holidays as do the towns- people neither docs the daily occupation of bushmen allow them to practice as frequently as they would require to do, in order to be experts in the use of the •willow. POLICE COUETI On Wednesday, 20th ultimo, several eases were disposed of st our local Court, a sufficient number of magistrates being present, a state of things which has of iBte become an exception rather than the rule. (Before Messrs. .T. Burns and W. H. Williams, J.P.'s.) W. P. Lockliart (Sheep Inspector) r. Thomas Dent; breach of the Diseases in Sheep Act. From the evidence for the plaintiff, it appeared that the defendant, in travelling a {lock of sheep across Mr T\ Mitchell's Woomargama run, failed to give notice as required by the Act; hence the present action. For the defence, it was stated that the men in charge travelled on the day of the alleged trespass a distance of 14 miles, thus entering upon the run before tbe owner anticipated. Fined £5 and costs. (Mr Lockliart here took his seat on the Bench.) Flinn e. Casey •, work and labor done, £11 14s. Ko jurisdiction, the amount being over £10. D. N. Sitnmonds t>. K. Culnane; for £10, amount given to defendant, and which he refused to return to plaintiff. Defendant endeavoured to show that the money in question had been spent in wine, for which lie held a license, but the Bench gave a verdict to plaintiff for £7 10s. This should certainly act as a caution to sly-grog sellers, who do so under the cover of s wine license, as the present defendant has bees fined £30 for selling tbe grog to plaintiff, and not only so, but now is ordered to return tbe money spent by plaintiif, less an allowance for board and lodging. Mrs. James it. George Webster^ for services in attending ou Mrs. Webster in 1869. Verdict for amount claimed, £2, and costs. A publican's license was granted to Mrs. Strachan, of Maracket. THE KIAMA GHOST EMBODIED.—Says the Sydney correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch'.—" Another ertraordinery apparition bae been seen in the Wollongong district. While a Census Collector was out with his papers lie met—a gorilla! Stare not, gentle reader, iiuch is tbe story that comes to us£rom tbe Kiamese shores, and like & good many more stories that have come from the same locality, wc might be able to swallow it. with a grain of salt. Well, Sir, th<> collector swears lie eaw the gorilla—a regular animal of the Dc Ctisilli: epecfea— and at one lime intended to serve, biw with # leufui, notice, but the changer made off too quicUy. I don't mean to cast aov doubt on tin. stofv, tot Is it net just prohsble Uwtthe gorilla is iio other.than the long lost and I srdently looked for KSama (Hic^t." 1 