COUNTRY NEWS. A MEETING of delegates from the various friendly societies was held on Tuesday evening at the Royal Standard Hotel, Ballarat, to take into consideration the advisability of asking the Eastern Council to lease the Reserve now fenced in between Humffray street and Scott Parade, for a permanent ground in which to hold the gatherings of the societies. It was agreed that the meeting should be a deputation to the Eastern Council on the subject at its next meeting. It was further resolved, that in the event of not being able to obtain a definite permission or grant, that meetings should be continued until the societies could obtain a piece of ground o£ their own wherein to hold their sports. THE Creswick reservoir requires immediate and careful inspection, or else serious damage may be occasioned. The embankment is de« pressed in the centre to within eighteen inches of high-water mark.—Ballarat Star. JOHN WELSH, a carter, was received at the Ballarat district hospital, on Taesday, suffering from severe bruiseB about the head and shoulders from having been thrown out of a wood-cart which he was driving, and being partly run over by one of its wheels. A LITTLE boy, named Alfred Rawlinga, son of Mr. Thomas RawliDgB, of the Royal Hotel, Smythesdale, has narrowly escaped poisoning within the last few days. It seems that the lad,, was out in the bush on Friday, and ate some' poisonouB leaves and berries. He was sooa taken very ill, and Dr. Jordan was called to tha case. The lad was confined to bed, with eruptions all over his body, and otherwise preseating symptoms of having been poisoned. On Tues-i day he was so far recovered as to be able to rise and stir about a little. . THE following quotations are taken from A mail letter, received by a Ballarat firm, via Brindisi. dated London, 11th August, 1871:— " Adelaide wheat is worth 59s. to 60s. per quarter of 496 lb., find flour 43s per sack of 280 lb." Tms first annual exhibition of long-woolled elieep was held at Hexham on Tuesday. ' The attendance of sheepowners was very large, embracing the residents from a radius of 50 miles. The sheep were very superior, and much beyond expectation. One hundred and five pure Lincoln and Leicester ewes and rams, and 100 crossbred rams, ewes, and fat wethers, were exhibited. Five hundred nearly pure-bred were yarded for tale by Mr. Samuel Macgregor, who disposed of them all by auction at good prices. The prizetalcers were—Messrs. Rutledge and "Woodward, T. and A. Austin, W. ROSB, 'R. Hood, A. Mackenzie, TV. Armstrong, R. Urquhart, J. Sanderson, P. Manifold, A. Bostock, and Joseph Ware. After the show a meeting was held, when it was decided to form a society to be cnlled the " Long-woolled Sheep Association of Victoria," and Mr. Robert Hood was clected president. GOLD has been struck in the bore in the U.T, flat Company's ground, Alexandra, excellent prospects having been found in each auger, at a depth of 150ft. Ir was elicited during a discussion nt the Ballarat C'ty Council, on Mcnday (says the Cornier) that Mr. Ferguson, the inspector of State forests, had gives it as his opinion that planting oak trees and blue gums alternately around reserves was simply a waste of labour and expense, as the blue gums choked the growth of the oaks, and in about ten years both trees died away. THE ravages of diptheria have been sorely felt in a family residing at Golden Point, in •which (says Ballarat Courier) three young members have been cut off within a few months. THE Ballarat Cmrkr learns by telegram that a distressing occurrence took place at Pigporeet on Sunday. A young girl, named Jessie M'Donald, only IT years of age, attempted to commit suicide by swallowing a quantity of carbolic acid. According to the latest advices received in Scarsdale on Monday evening, she was suffering great pain, and her recovery was considered doubtful. Family differences are said to have caused the silly act committed. JOSKPH WELLINGTON, one of the earliest residents of Eldorado, who pave a name to the Wellington claim, was found dead near the Golden Ball Hotel, on the Melbourne road, between Beechworth and Tarrawingee, on Saturday. It is supposed that he was killed by a fall from a cart or by a cart falling on him. ON Friday night a sad accident occurred in the mine of the Grand Trunk Company, Springdallab, whereby a miner named James ])ickson lost his life. It seems that the unfortunate man was working in the face, when a quantity of earth fell upon liim. THE Geelong Advertiser says :—" A very painful scene was witnessed at the station on Thursday evening, just before the departure of the train for Melbourne. A poor insane young woman, the mother of four children, who was about being conveyed to Melbourne, was to be seen on lier knees in the waiting-room, with boots and stockings off and hair dishevelled, frantically calling upon ber Saviour, a crowd looking on. It appears from what could be ascertained that on the previous day 6he had been running about in the bush at Jan Juc, almost naked, and her husband, who seemed to be very fond of her, was about to take her to Melbourne to be taken care of. Great sympathy was expressed-for both the husband and wife, and especially for their four little children." THE wheat and oats about Mount Beckworth, Glendaruel, and Coghill's Creek, are looking •very healthy and promising, and no sign of the grub is as yet visible. The grass is also luxuriant and abundant. Cattle are consequently in excellent condition, and milk is both good and plentiful. A MAN named Nolan was admitted to the Ballarat district hoBpital on Saturday with both his feet badly bruised. He was driving a bullock waggon at Scarsdale, and while endeavouring to put the drag on one of the wheels he fell, ana both wheels passed over his feet. A MAN named J. M. Brown has been caught in the act of stealing some rich quartz from Wilson's Reef, Marong. Some three hundredweight of quartz was found in his hut. THE star of Bendigo is still iu the ascendant. So less a sum than £16,044 was paid in dividends during the last week. The line of reef, the Garden Gully, contributed no less a sum than £12,250 to this amount The fortnight's crushing of the North Garden Gully reef gave a splendid cake of gold, valued at £8580. A PARTY of prospectors for coal near the Cape Otway ranges have come across a good seam of lignite of from seven to eight feet in depth, at between three and four feet from the surface. The prospects of finding the real article are considered good. MB. GEORGE HOPE, of Darriwill, on Monday lost a little boy, two and a half years of age, by drowning. He was only missed for a few minutes about three o'clock, when a search was made, and the body was found in a waterhole at the rear of the stables. It is conjectured that he strayed away, and getting too near the waterhole, fell in. An inquest will be held into the circumstances of the occurrence. SEVERAL of the farmers on the Barrabool Hills have observed that quail are more numerous amongst the crop this season than previously known, giving promise of plenty of sport at the termination of the close season. Hares are also making their appearance in large numbers. AN accident has occurred at Eldorado claim, Smythesdale. A strong flow of water from the old workings had prevented (says' the Ballarat Courier) any work being done below for a week, and about half-past 8 a.m., the manager, Mr. Charlton, accompanied by a man named Nathaniei Hocking, descended the shaft on a tank, having with them a candle in a close lantern. Hocking had no sooner stepped into the chamber than an explosion took nlace. and both men were enveloped in flame. - Hocktag l severdy burnt about the arms, and both men have their beards, eyebrows, and eyelashes singed off, and thebair outside their caps is burnt off all round. A PIECE of quartz taken from the Band of Hope mine, Cockatoo, has been left at the office of the Talbot Leader for inspection. Its pecu linrity consists in the fact that on being broken traces of the existence of vegetable matter in its midst at some remote age are visible. In the block before us is thefac simile of a branch of some plant or tree of the fern tribe, the foliage and every filire of which is distinctly and beautifully impressed. IN a characteristic letter on the subject of " Spiritism," printed in a Becchworth journal, IJr. Rohner says :—" I tell you magic explains all the mysteries, however extravagant they may appear to your poor eyes, of spiritualism, and of a few other things equally interesting; and I moreover tell you that a magician is residing in your very midst, who will one of these days make a few of you dance to his Zauberflote, only to convince you of the reality of bis science, What impoverished, atrophied brains these poor Croolces, Coxes, Dr. Hugginses, &c.;, must have been, not to be able to find out the mysteries of the organisation of Mr. D. D. Home! They ought to be ashamed of the flattering but false appellations, as applied to them, of men of science, especially doctors. The best doctors in all human history have been magicians.—Yours, &c.;, C. W. ROHNER, M.D., M. (agio;) D. (octor). I'.S.—The hc-adlc-ss spectre I saw on Sunday night, 27th August, was, I am credibly informed, the ghost of John M'Callum, a portion of whose skull is still in my possession, and which he is supposed to have come to claim from me at last.— C. W.JR." WE* have heard of a man drinking a good many things, but were not aware that yeast could be enjoyed by any person. On Friday a baker named Johnson was summoned to the Geelong Police Court for assaulting his journeyman, when in his defence (remarks the Advertiser) he stated the man liad accused him of drinking the yeast, and this liad caused his emper to rise. A SAVAGE attack was made Eome time ago on Mounted-trooper Forbes of Geelong, by a bull. So injured was he that for a long time he was unable to leave his bed, and the Advertiser is now informed that proceedings have been commenced against Mr. A. M'Donald, the owner of the bull at the time it made the onslaught. The plaintiff seeks to recover £3,000 damages. BACCHUS MABSH can contribute its Ticbborne item as well as other places. A gentleman resident in this township (says the Express) was well acquainted with the features and general appearance of a man named Orton, a butcher who arrived in Hobart Town in 1852-53 with two ponies. He Bays that man was not at all like the portrait of the Tichborne claimant given in the Illustrated London News. THE evil effects of strong drink were strikingly exemplified in Geelong on Saturday morning in two cases. Ellen Tandy, who had been drinking for fourteen or fifteen days, was remanded for medical examination and treatment She was in a pitiable condition through her excesses. The landlord of the Belmont Hotel, Joseph Storey, was also dealt with by the Bench. Four weeks sinee his wife left him, and he shut himself up alone within his licensed house, and drank himself mad. No food of any kind had been taken into the premises since that time, and when the police arrested him on Friday on warrant as a dangerous lunatic, he was found in a condition that beggars description. In addition to his aberration of intellect, he was suffering from severe diarrhoea, and the filthy condition of himself and the premises was truly nauseating. On Saturday he was taken to the outside of the court, enveloped in blankets in a cart, but the medical men believe that he cannot recover. "NOTWITHSTANDING the many thousands of acres which have been selected and settled upon in this district," says the Kyneton Guardian, " during the past six years, there appears to be as much eagerness to obtain an allotment now as ever there was. The proceedings at the Land Board on Wednesday reminded one of the commissions which used to be held in the early days of the 42nd section. The Court-house was crowded, and there was as much interest and excitement as though this mode of disposing of the public lands were a novelty. Nearly a hundred applications were entertained, and settlement was sanctioned upon little short of 7,000 acres, in allotments varying in size from three to 300 acres. Much of the land taken up was that thrown open to selection by the proclamation of the 1st July last, revoking a number of reserves." 