, CRUSHED' TO DEATH' - IN A! CATHEDRAL " . .. = CLOCK. ' 1 ' 4 "ITbe Bell-ringer in the ! cathedral of Wurtzburg; has perished undor very singular circumstances. ! The. clijircli possesses a splendid clock, while . a: nenduluni of nrbnortionateienirth vibratos td and 1 frb with' a dull and' monotonous thud.';- Recently ! the.clock needed cleaning, ' arid ' the ringer' was' 'deputed'to' superititend the ' w'oHc, though he "ruefully ' ehdeavoufed'. to; 'be. excused' 1 froiri the task. -It seems .that heBhy er willingly approached 1 ;the' Belfry; froth., certain , unpleasant" associations. "Abdut twenty years ago be' killed his' predecessor ; .in offico,. accusing him . of carrying on a criminal .'intrigue .witbBiS; wife. Ay! hen. brought to trial' "he escaped the gallows owing ..to a deficiency of : Jegalproofn.; The patronage ofone'of the canon's: then procured .him : the . appointment -vacant ' through the death of: his. victim; 1 Honce, -it is s said, arose his superstitious' dread'in connection ttvitn the belfry; which was supposed to be haun ted i-by the ghost vof the murdered ringer.:?!;On the morning; when the clock wrfs':t'o;; be cleaned it suddenly stopped; arid' the 1 bell-ringer 'wus' pd- whereptOjbe found. , A workman from tlie town : ./wastJserit for, "arid 'aseeuded, the ioweiyi whence--1 jWaS;horri_fied; tofiiid the' pcndulu'm and. lower works dripping' "with blood. Upon Searching ; further, the, body of. tlie bell-ringer, was! found entangled in; the , works, .frightfully-mangled and crushed. 'One suppositon is that he committed isuicidefhy climbing , up .the . pendulum': and then ! pitching himself into the;middle of the machinery ,of the clock. u'Bilt.- the bwonder-Ioviiig gossips of the place, with a thoroughlyUcrman' propensity "for 'the: horrible,- declare that' the guilty titan, upon reaching the gloomy, chamber, wherein the "works revolved, was horror-stricken by the ap parition of hjs predecessor sitting aside tile great balitnCdiwheel of the clock,', and had th.eh' been .dravyn into, the works in a.'sp'ecica oif bofriblq'&Sr; nIniir io.' tbat . 'bicli, the rattlesnake is said io exe'reise over its prey.. There sat the ppyqfre,, rubbing bis gory bands with'.liideous glee as the victim wa9 slowly drawn ip among the cog-, .wheels and ratchets of the machinery; An agoniz ing yell,' ' a crushing of bones,, and all was still ! tSuoh, inccortl i ng to the Italie, is the Dewest legend of the belfry of Wurtzburg. ; . ; u -. .1 "! BorufiAB '.EitKons.— During the Crimean war thore .was a littlo scandal about Prince Mousclii- kofl'/in which a pink'aatinbunnbt was concerned. After one of . the Russian reverses it;was an nounced that the Prince's travellirig- citrriage ' bad. fallen into the hands of the allies, and that inside'! tho vehicle, among tlie various .articles 'appertaining to a lady's toilotto, was found the 'interesting item in question. As pink satin bonnets are not usually, taken to battle-fields without wearers, some obvious inferences were drawn, from the discovery — as in tho cuse of the white' satin shoe found in tho carriage of .the -First Napoleon undor similar circumstances— -and Prince Menschikoff was classed among tlioso , " sad ' men who do merry things. More than , sixteon years have since elapsed, and the irici- ; dont has, found a permanent placo in history. ! But in a work just published, called "Turkish, Harems and Circassian Homes," wo find an ex-| planatioii of the affair, and history happens to! bo wrong in this as in inoro important instances. It appears that Mrs Harvey, tho writer of the book referred to, made tho acquaintance, whilo in tlje Crimea, of a , Mdllo A I — , a vory; charming lady, between 00 and 70 years of ago. ' and learned from licr that she was the ownor of; both. the. carriage and tho bonnet, with which Priuca Menschikoff lnvd nothing whatever to do. ; The vehicle, it. seems, had been packed up. to go; to Simpheropol, but was found too heavy for; tho hurried ilight that onsuud, and so was aban-: donod to its fate. Here is another exaniplo of. how history is written — on the foundation of. spocial corrospondonio. ... ! An Indian editor, says that he now bolioves in total depravity, as some wretch lately stole his only pair of boots, which will coufino him " to tho liouid till the opening bl tho' barefoot: /season, 