NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH. The ceremory of laying the memorial stone of the new Wesleyan church and school, now in course of construc tion at the corner of William and Forbes streets, took place on Monday afternoon, in the presence of five or six hundred perEozi*. 'Amongst those present were the Rev. George Huret (by wfeoin the ceremony was performed), the Rev. W. Csteow, the Eev. H. H. Gaud, the liev. W. Clark, the Eev. G. Martin, the Rev. J. Watkin, the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, Mr. John Hardy, Mr. Thomas Rowe (archi tect), Mr. John Caldwell. .Proceedings were commenced by singing tne 7-s/ta hymn, commencing ' Thou who hast in Sion laid the true foundation etone.' The Rev. G. Martin theH read a por tion ef Scripture ; the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse afterwards engaging in prayer. A bottle was placed in the cavity of the stone. In the bottle were sealed up the following :— Copies of the daily papers of Monday's publication, the minutes of the annual conference in connection with the Australasian Wes leyan Methodist Church for 1871, the Christian Advocate, and a parchment containing the following particulars : — ' The memorial stone of the Wesleyan Methodist Church and School, Woolloomooloo, corner of William and Forbes street*, was laid by the Rev. George Hurst, on Monday, the ISth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one : and in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland and the dependencies thereof. And in the fourth year of the administration of his Excellency the Right Honorable Somerset Richard, Earl of Belmore, Governor of the Colony of New South Wales. The Rev. J. James, D.D., President of the British Conference ; The Rev. John Watsford, President, and the Rev. B. Chapman, Secretary of the Australasian Conference ; The Rev. H. H. Gaud, Chairman of the Sydney District. Circuit ministers : Rev. W. Clark, and. the Rev. S. C. Martin. Circuit Stewards : Messrs. Jcs. Slade, and J. S. Callagb.an. Trustees : Rev. George Rurst, and Messrs. John Caldwell, Lancelot Iredale, Thomas Abbott, Ebenezer Gustelow, J. H. Watkins, John Wilson, John Hardy, Thomas Rowe, William Kippax, — Swyny, W. J. Hayes, John Dent, Walter M'Lelland, Benjamin James. Architect : Mr. Thomas Rowe. Builders : Mr. Thomas Moon, for mason's ?work, and Mr. James Minty, for carpentry, joinery, and linishing trades. God save the Queen ! ' Mr. Thomas Rowe then said that upon him devolved the pleasing duty of presenting, on behalf of the trustees, to the Rev, George Huret, a myallwood mallet and silver trowel, with which to perform the very interesting and very important ceremony of laying the memorial stone of the new church. He had for some time past been con nected with the old church in Dowling-street : and he was f orcibly reminded on the present occasion of the proceed ings in connection with the laying of the foundation-stone of that church, and of those who took part in that ceremony. He had no doubt but there were many new present who remembered that occasion. The gentleman wno laid the stone of the old church had now gone to his reward — he referred to the Rev. Daniel Draper, who was at the time President of the Conference. It was the first meeting day of the Conference in Sydney when the ceremony took place ; that was in January, 1859. The church was opened a few mouths afterwards, somewhere about the month of June. The gentleman who preached in the morning of the day on which the church was opened had also geme to his reward— he referred to the itev. Mr. Hessell. The Rev. W. Cuthbertson preached in the afternoon, and the Rev. S. Ironside in the evening. The church had answered its purpose very well ; but the con gregation bad long felt the need for a larger and more commodious building. He was now extremely gratified to find that a commencement had been made with a new building, and he trusted that the preaching of Christ's Goscel in it would be attended with a large measure of success. Tfae mallet and trowel were then handed to the Rev. Mr. Hurst. The mallet was a very handsome implement of myall wood, with a plate of silver, bearing the mono gram of Mr. Hurst at the top. The blade of the trowel was ornamented with a veiy elaborate and chaste engrav ing-, and bore this inscription : — ' Presented to the Rev, George Hurst on the occasion of his laying the memorial stone of the Wesleyan Church and School, at the corner of Forbes and William streets, Sydney, December 18, 1871. Thomas Rowe, architect.' The stone having been ad justed in its place, and the usual formalities having been observed, the Rev. Mr. Hi u«t declared the stone to have been well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, aud of (he Son, and of the Holy Ghost. The Rev. G. Hukst, addressing those present, said they had just been engaged in a most interesting and important ?work. Perha{-8 they could not be engaged in a work that was more important and more interesting than that of laying the foundation-stone of another house of God. He rejoiced exceedingly to eee that building commenced, and to be permitted to eDJoy the honour of taking any part in that veiy interesting and important service. He had no doubt they were all aware that the church, the memorial stone of which had just been laid, would be a Wesleyan Church, in which the service of the Wesleyan Methodist Church would in due time be performed— he trusted, to the benefit of many of those who resided in its neighbourhood. He should have been glad if this building had been erected years ago. They had long felt that the building in which they had worshipped God was far too small for their requirements. They had greatly desired to see this day, and to perform the work which they had just witnessed. And it was his earnest desire and prayer to God that when the topstone of the building had been placed, and the building should have been dedicated to God, that the Gospel preached in it would be made the power of God to the salvation of very many souls. The Wesleyan Church desired only to save eouls and to spread Scriptural holiness throughout this land. They had no desire whatever to build up a party, but they wished to be made a blessing to their fellow men. God had greatly blessed them to this land, and to other lands upon earth ; and it was his earnest desire and prayer that they should continue to honour Him, and to seek His glory, and that His blessing might attend their efforts in the future as it had done in the past. He would only further say that his earnest prayer was that the bless ing of God would rest upon them all, and that they who lived to worship in the house that was about to be erected might realise in their own experience the gracious promise made under the Old Testament dispensation, — ' In all places where I record my name, I will come unto thee and I will blesB thee : ' and the gracious words of the Lord Jesus, — -c Where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.' God grant that it might be so. The Rev. H. H. Gaud eaid he must first of all express his pleasure at finding that a new church was about to be built in that neighbourhood. A Wesleyan church was no new thing in Woolloomooloo ; but it had pleased Almightv God so to bless the labours of His servants, that for a long time a larger and more commodious building than the one at present used had been needed. It was that success, in part at least, which rendered it imperative upon them to rise and build. Hearers of God's word had been multi plied, end good had been done. But there was another consideration influencing them in the erection of a new building. There was undoubtedly a large number of people in that part of the city for whom no church accommoda tion was provided, and we felt it uur duty to do what we could to supply the ordinances of religion to those people. From statistics he was reading a little time ago in the newspapers, he found that the population of the city and suburbs was increasing at the rate of 5000 annually. The increase would no doubt become larger with every passing year, and would render increased chapel accommo datioB necessary. He was very glad to see the memorial stone of a new church laid that afternoon, because it was an indication of an awakened eense in the Wesleyan Church of the importance of providing for that necessity, and an indication that the members of the Wesleyan Church were determined not to be behind other evangelical bodies in providing: Christian ordinances for the people. Their object would be that which they had aimed at from the beginning — the conversion of the people to God— the spread of Christian holiness. They did not want to eee what were merely external aud formal modes and ceremonies ; but to spread vital god liness, in which personal and social character would be adorned and elevated. And they thought that the best, and, in fact, the only means of ak-oinpliebina: that wae fcy jLc preaching of the Gospel of Christ, and the employment cf other suburdiaate meats viii-ii Lad beea used by' Was- leyan Method^*, Those who would preach in ThTn^ church would preach the old Gospel-the GospTl St w * as old an the ApoBtles-the way of salvation, which f It began to be epoken. by our Saviour. And they Tera » , ashamed that they were bound to that. The^hld \Z sometimes taunted with assertions that they werebZ^ to preach just what Mr. Wesley preached, that SShffSl ecope for free bought or action. If it was meant bythat that they preached the same truths as Mr. K, preached, it was a fact. They did that, and taw h2 nothing else to preach; and they wanted nothing e^ They preached Christ and Him crucified. If , however ^i was meant that they were obliged to preach those truth! just in the same way as Mr. Wesley preached tW then the remark was untrue. He felt sure that th ' I doctrines that would be preached in the new church wr».ii» be in accordance with the Word of God: and Ue horwJ I that ihe blessing of God would rest upon the preactuni If I His Word in the new church as it had been blessed in otW 1 churches. He wished the minister and congregation even 1 success, and he hoped and believed that the buildin» whZ ! erected, would be honoured of God. =- l The doxology was then sung, after which the Rev Jamo. I Catkins pronounced the benediction, and the companv dia 1 persed. ' 1 The ceremony of stone-laying was followed bv a fe. j meeting in the Surry Hills schoolroom; aud tka I day's proceedings were terminated by a pnl,]iB j meeting in Bourke-strcet church. After the usual devo. 1 tional opening services, Mr. F. J. Garrick, of Christchurch* ' New Zealand, presided. In opening the meeting ths ' chairman referred to the part which he had been priyi . i leged to take, some years ago, in the erection of the chuteh' in Dowling-street, and he expressed his great gratificatioa ' at finding, on bis present visit to his native city, that the ministration of God's Word in that place had been attended with such success that it was necessary to erect a larger building for the accommodation of the increasing congre gation. He wished that every success might attend the ! effort now being put forth to erect a more commodious ' church. The Rev. W; Clark made a statement with re- ' gard to the coBt, &c;, of the new building. The site on which it was being erected cost £1500. Contracts liad been accepted to the amount of £3340. It was expected that the cost of the building, including interest on borrowed money, would reach about £5000. Towards that amount I of expenditure there was about £1200 or £1300 in hand ' The Revs. W. Curnow, H. H. Gaud, J. Watkin, 8* Babone, G. Huret, and G. Martin, ana Mr. T. Rowe als» addressed, or otherwise took part in, the meeting. During I the evening the choir sang several pieces of sacred music. and were accompanied by the new organ. The meeting was unusually large, and a very considerable sum was added to the fund in hand, but the gross amount was not an nounced. Votes of thanks were passed to the ladies wh.- provided and presided at the tea tables— to the choir— aai chairman— which, having been acknowledged, a doxology was sung, and the meeting- dismissed with a benediction, vl The style of architecture adopted is Gothic. The plan, as exhibited in drawings, consists of an oblong lyiag north and south, 51 feet 6 inches in width, by a length of 57 feet, broken up into a nave and aisles. The nave is projected beyond the end gable, and forms a chancel 14 feet aeep and 35 feet wide. At the east side of the chancel there is shown a vestry, and in front, facing Wil liam-street, the total width of the church is di vided into five porches — viz., in the centre a stair porch for future gallery, which will run around the front and sides ; at each of this central feature is shown an outer porch, with door openings in three sides, and giving access to ihe closed porch at the east, and the tower porch on the corner, or west end. The design is by Mr. Thomas Rowo, architect, of Pitt-street. Mr. Thomas Moon, of Newtown, is the contractor for the masonry; and Mr. James Minty, of Surry Hills, is the contractor i'orthu carpentry, joinery, and finishing trades. The tolal cost of the edifice will be, including,1 sas, &c;, £3310. 