MRS. PRODGERS IN THE DIVORCE COURT. Ill the early part of last y.eav Mrs. ,Cia- commotti, nee I'rodgers,. established under a recent act cf Parliament that her children were legitimate, and she took these steps because, it was alleged, lier husband had oi ten said they were illegitimate, m conse quence of his being a Catholic and she a Pro testant. Mies Prodgers was the daughter of a clergyman in Hertforhire, and Mr. Giacom- metti was an Austrian, and at one time in the merchant service of that country. They mot each other accidentally in London, and, after a (very short courtship, tlioy wore married, the lady's brother officiatingat the ceremony. Differences took place whilst on the marriage, tonr, and Mr. Giacommetti stated a short time since, whon he sought for a restitution of conjugal rights, that she had refused to live with him, and was now living in a sep arate residence at Ballinm. His wife's rela tives -believed that she was solely in the wrong, and had allowed Air. Giacommetti £200 a year ; but lias his wife had £50,000 in the Fands alone, it was asked that- she should continue to live with her husband. Tlio Court at that timo ordered that Mrs. Giacommetti should resume cohabitation in a fortnight, and it was stated on Tuesday that she had not comglicd with the order. She had gone to his residence, turned up her nose, and then went away without leaving any message. It was also stated that thejady Uad sulcl HQIlb) ji jlgl nilaUiUUI Ldluc K) QOr T6 sidenee, she would leave. — His lordship said that if the Court was not satisfied within a week that she had complied with the order, an attachment would issue in respect of. her property. — Airs. 'Giacommetti was in court, but did not offer an explanation rs to her conduct, and immediately left after Lord Penzance had given his decision. The Greatest Billiard "Break" on Record. — When John Roberts, sen., in his match with W. Dufton, at Savilo House, in March, 1852, made a break of 340, it was re corded as a great fact-, aud for some consider able time remained unapproaohed. In 1869, however, William Cook, in an exhibition 1 match with young John Roberts, scored 351, I and took the pride of placo ns maker of tlio largest break. Sinco that time Cook lias on sovernl occasions exceeded even that number, and scores of 359, 307, 373, 378, 388, 394 and 417 at different times domoii strnted his groat powor.as a cueist. Aforo rooontly, though ho managod to exceed 500, and in two matches withW. D. Stanley made 512 and 531 — the latter rcmaiuiug the largest until Saturday last, when all previous scores woro dwarfed by Cook, scoring no less than seven hundred and fifty-two, id- oludiug twohundredand twenty spot hazards. It was on tho occasion of tlio second of tlio series of exhibition matches which Cook and Bennett have arranged to take placo every Saturday afternoon aud evening, at St. James' Hall, Cook and Bowcll played the first of their matches, of 1000 points up, Bon-ell re ceiving a start of 350 points. Cook scored game in one hour and thirty-three minutes, while, on the present occasion, tho game oc cupied seven minutes less, thus having to bo noted as tho iastest gams on record. Cook commenced his champion break when tho marker called tho game — "Cook 350, Bennett, 218." Commencing with ' 43 by all round playing, tho ox-champion then got to the spot, and made thirty- seven, thus reaching 504. He next added forty before again recommencing his favorite Bpot atroko, which he ropcated eighty-four times, but only made ono more spot hazard ere losing position, which, how- over, he regained after) scoring nino points more. From that period (SOS) ho continued putting down tho red ball until the marker called gamo at Cook's sixty-fourth spot, at four minutes past 5, and after tho gamo had lasted one hour and twenty-six minutes. The break now amounted to 050 (ISO spots), but according to general request Cook con tinued to see how many ho could makobeforo breaking down. Seven minutes elapsed, and thirty -four more hazards brought tho innings to a termination at eleven minutes after 5. This oxceeded by 221 points (a fair break by itself) Cook's hitherto greatest scoro of 531, and by 53 spots tlio largest number (107) ho had over mado in ono break.— Sporting Life. A Ghost Story. — Airs- Brook related to mo tho following particulars, in presence of her dauglitor: — She and hor family wore living at Southampton, in a small houso, somewhat out of town. Her establishment consisted of a butler and two maid servants. Whenever sho spent tho ovening out, sho took tho house key with her, and desired tho butler to place on a table in the hall a candle and some matches, aud go to bed, so that lier return might not disturb tho rest of the family. Ono evening some friends accom panied Mrs. Brook to tlio door, and having seen her safe insido, took leave, and left her. The moon was shining, and it was a line night. While Mrs. Brook was holding tho matobes in her hand, and in the act of light ing tho candle, Bhe saw a man como down the staircase into the hall, oppo site to where she stood, still busy lighting tho candle. Thinking it was the bntlor who had awaited her return, she said, "Oh ! how can you bo so foolish as to Bit up, when you know I have ordered yon to go to bed, and do not wish it ? Why did you do so ?" As she spoke the figure slowly moved along the hall, and began to descend the kitchen stairs. Not receiving any answer, and the candle now being well, alight, sho looked up more attentively, and wondered to herself why tho butler did not speak, and wby be woro a cut-away coat and brass buttons ; for, from the dimness of the eandlo and tho uncertain moonlight; slie noticed nothing otherwise singular in his ap- pcarrnce. As it was lato, she went up at once to bed, leaving her door open in order to hear tho butler return upstairs to his room, who was awake. " I cannot conceive," she said to her, "why James should have sat up for mo to-night against my express orders, and now he is staving the most unaccountable timo in "tho kit chen. I must go and wake Jane." (the maid) "and mado hor go and see what lie is about. It is very odd." Tho maid was called and asked to go down and look after James. "James, ma'am!" said she, "liois bed upstairs, and I am sure ho has not moved, or I should have heard him over head and on the stairs, I am such a light sleeper." Aliss Brook had heard nothing either. Airs. Brooks was aghast. " Thoro was a man in the house then, for ho passed close to mo in tho hall ; I did not look at his face, for I was lighting my eandlo ; but I took it for granted it was James. And tho odd coat too. There is a man concealed be low. nnd wo must malto .Tan-ins (rnt nil at once." James /was found fast asleep in his bed ; he had never stirred. Ho got up and went down stairs, followed by Airs. Brook and her maid. The doors were all barred and locked, the windows fastened. Every hole and corner was searched, no one was found, not a chair oven had been moved. Mrs. Brook oegan to feel uncomfortable ; tho singular dress struck her, and something strange in the mo tion of the figure, which, in the hurry of the moment she had not remembered. At last, tired out and very much frightened, they all went to bed. Next morning a policeman was sent for, and Mrs. B. described the whole ooeurrenee, and the appearance of tho figure, "Oh," replied tho policeman, "that was the ghost— many have scon that ghost in this house before. Ho walks down those Btairs from tlio top of the house. Years ago his master murdered him below, at the foot of tho stairB near the kitchen, and his body was found there. If you take up the matting you will see tho stains of blood in the floor, ing, whioh no washing will remove." Mrs. Brook did see some dark marks on the spot indicated. She left the house almost imme- diately. - -All the Year Round. 