MELBOURNE CUP HORSES. By Peeping Tom. Now that the Randwick races have cast their shadows, we may take a peep into the light that has been thrown on the Melbourne Cop. Those horses engaged in oar great event which performed daring the meeting are The Pearl, Pyrrhns, Florence, Bar belle, Warrior, The Spy, Arnma, Snowdrift, Hamlet, Bea trice, Retort, Lottery, The ProphetThe Baron, Endeavonr, Bylong, and Eli, and with these I at present intend to deaL The Pearl is a much improved horse on his foar-year-old form, as his running both at Hawkesbory and Rand wick showB. His condition is at the acmeof perfection, and I doubt if he can in any way be made better. The position which he occu pied at the finish for the Metrop. was a confir mation of his Hawkesbory second, and a true test of his actual capability- All going well with him, he most be classed amongst the dangerous division, but owing to some large investments lately made on his stable companion, Pyrrhns, there is little doabt bat that their clever owner means business with the latter horse. Pyrrhns has grown into a very fine animal, something like what his two year-old form gave promise of, and in taking his pretensions into consideration it will be just as well to lay aside his three- year old performances; for, although they were far from being bad, they were gone through under most trying circum stances, the colt suffering from cold and sore throat, so much so, that his owner one morning exclaimed, "Another broken-winded one by !" as he came roaring up the course. He has now seemingly got quite over the attack and grown into a most taking looking gentleman, as he walks about d in Tim Whiffier when the band is playing and the people are cheering the old veteran from the stand. There can be no mistaking the New Warrior cut aboat him ; and as the stable were in no hurry about his preparation, his gallops at the late Randwick meeting may be looked upon as merely pipe-openers. On the first day he ran in the President's Handi cap, carrying 8st, second to that fine horse, Stockwell, 7st 8lb., and had it not been that he was run against and thrown oat of his stride he could not have lost the race, from the manner in which he tried to amend the consequences of the contretemps. He was hauled oat again the same day, rather inju diciously, considering his backward condition, for the Spring Stakes, and had to {day second fiddle to the handsome little Aveline, giving her 3st in weight After tins he was very properly not asked to do anything until the fourth day, when he was sent to shepherd J. L., in the Grand Stand Stakes. : and wellit was considered, for Retort, 6st 121b., or about a stone less, had J. L. in difficulties at the last tarn, ana Pyrrhns, 9st 31b., had to do the trick, one mile and a half in 2m. 46£&, which, considering the weight; was an excellent performance. Under the circumstances 1 am inclined to think that Pyrrhus will be Mr. Tait's tramp c&rd; he will be in his beet form, for he was fast far enough advanced at Rand wick to be ripe on the day. No doubt they must have had a trial with The Pearl, and if he be that horse's master in his present form, be trill be dangerous indeed, and the betting barometer is circumstantial evidence that he is so. There is something radically wrong with Florence; the sooner she is turned into a brood mara for she will make a grand one, the better it will be. I can fancy a young Barb or Fireworks from her, Mr. Tait has another horse in the Cop—Detective—and although he did not put in an appearance at the late meeting, I saw him several times on the training ground; he lookabig and hearty, and he win be in good backle by November. If there really be any good in this chetnat, and one wohla imagine there most be. or each a clever tactician as Mr. Tait would not be finding him in oats so long,' it ought to come oat in the Cup with his light weight, tot 81b., but there are no signs on the bonne that thq stable affection is directed towards him. Can Barbdle be improved on her Metropolitan form with 41b. less to carry? I doubt it,' although it Is said she lost at least a The Pearl hugging hertoo close to the up the straight 8he cannot be any vane, at all evehts.and giving her t" benefit of the doubt she must be vary he Tju Reari at the finish forthe Cop. Mr. L ' been fortunate MtbertoTn Victoria,' people wdrild rejoice to abO emulate,the" deedsofhec njrover ti*e j^^ogtoncoam^ on wick Plate, I think he wosM haveheeul neaitr the front The Pearl and Barbetle, hoiriyer, must keep him safe, unless Sevior made the mistake of sending him short of a gallop, and his three-mile race on Saturday looks like it, for Warrior has done two miles before in 3m. 40s., both at Melbourne and Sandhurst, and why should he not do it again; nevertheless, I am much mistaken if something less time will not win the Cup this year. The Spy did not come np to his friends' expectations. He has had a very suspicious ligament of his off fore leg, which no doubt prevented him doing a sufficient amount of work. Had he been in his best form, he was and is overweighted, for although he once did two miles in an incredible^ short time, it was with only 5st. 121b. on his back, a weight that a mod many duffers can carry to the front. I imagine that he won't come here at all. Aruma's running is perfectly unac countable, unless the mare was in season. Had it been only one race that she ran at Hawkesbury, there might have been an excuse in the shape of a fluke, but she confirmed her running and her goodness in the two handicaps the second day. Her stable cer tainly had no idea she was going to take the ignominious position she did in the Metrop., for they piled up the dollars pretty freely, and kept it no secret that if anything could beat her, they must do so in Beveral seconds under 3m. 40s. We may take it for granted, there fore, that her Randwick running is not her true form, and that she may shine to greater advantage at Flemington. Her stable com panion, Snowdrift, was in no condition to race, and therefore her running is no cri terion of what her real abilities may be. From her performances up country, 1 take her to be the better animal of the two, and she looks it. Whether she intends putting in an appearance at Flemington I cannot say, bnt if she does, and enters the lists in Cup form, the grey mare will prove the batter horse. At present, it would be as well to leave these two mares alone, and see what the next few weeks will bring forth. It is almost unnecessary to go into the merits of Lottery and The Prophet, for I hear there is no probability of their leaving Sydney. Lamond was very unfortunate with the pair; he had them in the best of condition, and the latter colt ran in the unprofitable place of second in three of his engagements. Mr. Winch cut but a poor figure this spring as compared to his last year's form. Little Dick was on the sick list^ and confined to the stable all the time I was in Sydney. Endea vour was suffering a recovery. Croydon was notprepared,andThe Baron was the only horse fit, but the stable's luck was dead out, for he ran badly, and Mr. Winch only scored a flake with his acrobatic pony Jack Sprat. Whether Little Dick will have got over the operation which was performed on him sufficiently so as to allow nis working up to Cup condi tion, I am not at present in a position to say, butam inclined to think not; at all events his long confinement cannot have done him any good, and he had better be left alone until we learn more of the stable's move ments. Croydon, no doubt; is intended for Melbourne and B&llarat;, and I do not see any reason why he should not run a good race for the Cap with 8sL 81b. He is, as 1b well known, thoroughly game. From the few gallops I saw him take at Randwick, he has lost none of his stole of going, and as he has thickened considerably be will be all the more aide to carry the extra weight given him this year. I should say that neither The Baron nor Endeavour will take part in the Cup; the former horse, as I have always maintained, is not a two-miler, and the latter has every appearance of being one of the same kidney. I saw very little of Bylong at the meeting, and what I did see was not in his favour; he was very far from being fib Perhaps Mr. Ivory was reserving his strength for Melbourne, for he backed his horse for theCup, to win a good many thou's, but this has become such a practice of his, that little notice was taken of the transaction, and he was accommodated at a most reasonable price. There are no better backers of horses than bookmakers; they have always some " fad" on the brain. Whether it be The Fop, Grey Momus, Al, Partisan, Aruma, or Surbiton, it is all one, down goes the dust Eli's day, I am afraid, has gone, or rather, it has never come. He if one of those mysterious animals that is always going to set the Thames on fire, bnt somehow or another it never does come off, and now is not likely to. unless he becomes possessed of a new pair of legs, for with his present under* standings it can hardly be possible to trail} him; bnt there is no probability of his leaving Sydney. Retort's appearance is far more pier possessing than her behaviour, if her running at Randwick be taken as a sample of her ability; but|as I have formed a very different estimate of what she can do when really in the humour, she may yet prove that her sire tis not such a vagabond after alL Julia Mathews's "Idle Vagabond Boy" would not be a bad name for a young scion of the house, Beatrice wonld be none the worse of a spell it Mr. Dowling expects any good from her, and 1 thought it was downright cruelty running her at Randwick in the plight she was in; Hamlet comes last, although not least; and if I were to select him for the winner of the Cup, some people might say I had Hamlet on tiie brain, but as Hamlet had method in his madness, so have I, and as he followed .his father's ghost so I intend to follow him, " Be he a spirit of health or a goblin damned." His defeat in the Derby is attribute^ in certain quarters to hits non-staying powers. It struck me from the way he camq home in the Produoe Stakes with 9*t. 21b. on his back, carrying his jockey in his mouthy e on for a that he could nave gone on for a week, anq the latter part of his j oumey in the three-mile race on Saturday under my watch told me that there was no lack of staying power in hif composition. I have already written enough as to the running, wins and defeats, of this colt, and 1 should say that fhe public, like myself; waa heartily sick of him. Whether they will trust him to carry any more of their "sugar" in the Cup is neither here nor there, but of this I.am confident, that he will win a big raod before long, and that it weuM not be throwing away good money after bad to invest a trifle every time he runs, for be ts the greatest ooltv not excepting The Barb or The 'Hook, era bred in these colonies. Out of the lot, there fore, that gave us a taste of their Spring form at Randwick, there ie no difficulty in picking oat those that will run forward at FieuungtimJ all going on well on til the day—Prrrhus, The Pearl, Sarbelle, and Hamlet. They have a formidable lot to meet from Wilson's and Lang's stables, mid these with others ex; pected to take their parte in the Melbourne Cup will be a subject of future consideration.' : I 