THE MCTKKU.MB1 DOER TURF CLUB. Skttlixo Day. ilIR ®°^Uno on tho lato rnce-moejing camo oil on batunlny afternoon, about ttirao o'clock, m the long room of tho -Australian hotel. "°!;lr WJ13 Inter thim usual in consequence of tuo .Stewardstaking some timo to consider a protest by Mr ICatt, the winner of tho l'ree Handicap objecting to any deduction from that pnze on account o£ tho Forced Handicap, .on tho ground that tho former was not a Club race, but a special prize sub scribed by tl.o public. While tins matter wns being decided, the public had to kick their heels outside in the heat and dust a trial which was only ronderod supportablo by frequent visits to Mr. tiiggins's hospitable bar. 'I lie objection was at last decided in Mr. Rett's favour, and the proceedings com menced by the judge, Mr. Lloyd, of Yamma, taking the chair, and presenting tho lucky" winiiers with cheques for their several amounts, Tho largest winner was Mr. Itett, the prizo for tho Free Handicap alouo amounting to £422, with £50 for the second horse, making, with his other win in the Grand Stand Handicap, tho handsome total of £543 5a; Messrs. Bo wen and McAlister i"ino ,lioxt' !U1 aggregate amount of ±■109 17s. ; then Mr. Grosvenor with £107 ; Mr. Dovlin, £101 ; Mr. Leary, £12 5a. ; Mr. Lintott, £40; Mr. Roberts and Mr. Bowler bringing up the rear with cheques for £36 and ±29 10s. respectively. This important part of the business being disposed of. a liberal supply of champagne was called in by Mr. Ketfc and Mr. Gnwvonor, and the Chair man, Mr. Lloyd, in a brief speech, proposed the health of the winners. They had had ml excellent mooting, one of tho best ho over remembered in Wagga, and he hoped they would have an equally good one next year. The toasts having been drunk with musical honours, Mr. Kktt. who was loudly cheered, said he had had great pleasure in visiting gga and meeting there his two great opponents on the turf, Messrs. Bowler and IhfTo, and giving them both a thorough, good licking. He hoped he would bo equally fortunate in future. Racing had now conio to such a pitch that it was no use haviti" a horse, however good, unless you attended" to him. No doubt ho had been told when lio camo here that his horses wero too fat, and had not a ghost of a show. (Laughter.) We".' it was not his place to contradict tho opinions of others, but ho might say he was very confident from the first of success, although tho course was undoubtedly a very fast one. He would go away from tho meet ing perfectly satisfied, and if next year ho happened to have a good horso, he would certainly bring him. He had met a thorough lot of good fellows in Wagga, and hoped to meet all his rivals at the nieoting next year with their horses in better buckle. (Cheers.)! . Mr. CrRosVEN'on said he had met with all sorts of kindness in Wagga, and returned them all his sincere thanks. He was glad that his colt had shown so well, and assured them that with regard to not running off tho dead heat for the Forced Handicap, he would have shown more pluck, but his horse was really not in condition. Mr. P. McAmstku wished to say a few words. He understood that one of the han dicappors. Mr. Devlin, had resigned his ofHco in consequenco of some remarks made by him, but he hoped that gentleman would, withdraw his resignation, as he would never be asked to handicap another horse for. him. He gave them his word that ho would never again start a horso in a handicap in Wagga as long as lie lived. Mr. Kbtt proposed thohealth of tho losers. It was rather an unthankful task, but ho would remind them that before the next meeting the handicaps had to he made, and if the horses were well handicapped, tho losors at this meeting might ho the winners of tho next. (Cheers.) : Mr. Ilifpe, in returning thn.nks for tho losers, said it was not a very thankful office ; however, he wis satisfied to takn his whack and go about his business. Ho had been fairly licked, and must only grin and boar it. He had had pretty fair play, and was quite R* satisfied with the treatment he had received as if he had won. Ho was perfectly satisfied with the weights, and could tell Mr. Kett that ho would follow him up and be on to him before ho had done. . (Clioers and laughter.) If ho always got as fair play as at Wagga, ho would be quite satisfied to follow liiin. To-day it was Ketts' Sunday out (laughter), but the next time he hoped it would be his. At any rate, he hoped noxt yeir to have bnttor luck. Mr. Roberts proposed tho health of tho stewards in highly eulogistic terms. Ho returned thanks for tho universal kindness with which, as a stranger, ho had been received, and hoped to meet them all again noxt year. Barring Raudwick, tho course, was the best in tho country. All their arrangements wero first- class, and tlio stewards wero thorough gentlemen and men of honour. Mr. Waxikp. returned thanks. Ho could not consider himself either as very useful or ornamental in his capacity as a steward. The office was almost a sinecure, for tho offi cials were so good that there was nothing left for tho stowards to do. , He always noticed that there were fewer disputos here than at almost any other mooting ; or if a small ono did occur, it was almost inva'riahly sottlod without difficulty. No favour was shown, . and thore always appeared to bo a general disposition to do everything in good faith. He was glad to find that in that respoct, as well as in the quality of tho racing itself, "Wagga had well maintained hor ancient reputation. (Oheore.) Tho health of the handieapnora and officials having been proposed and drunk in bumpers, and responded to by Mossrs. Loiteh, Dovlin, Gormly, arid Hann, Mr. P. McA i.iSTKit said ho wished to wit?!,1' draw and apologiso for anv hasty observa tion he might havo mado the previous day, which led to Mr. Devlin's resignation, which ho hoped that gentleman would withdraw. Mr. Devi,i.v said ho was /juito satisfied, and tho matter tlion dropped. Mr. Kbtt then said, that considering his position as tho largest winner at the raoeting, ho fult inclined to givo a donation to tlio Club and becomo a member, but would lilto to know tho position of tlio Club, as to whether or not it was in debt. Mr. Hajtjt replied that tho Club was in dobt" though they were gradually paying it - off. They certainly whuld not bo aboro taking Mr. Kott's liberal off;r. , Mr. ICbtt then ssid, that an a. stran cor, who had como to Wagga and won 'their money, ho would givo a chequo of £20 to wards paying off tho dobt. '(Cheors.) Tho health of the Judgo having been pro posocl by Mr. Devlin, wag drunk with full musical honours, and after a short speech in reply from Mr. Lloyd, who expressed his willingness to do anything for tho Club, the meeting broko up. ; 