V SWAN HILL. (fhoh a coukespokdent). A public meeting in connection with the i Presbyterian Church was held here on the "2^nd instan^. in consequpnc of the publication in the Jlivtrine heraldol the 38th inst, of a letter signed '• B W. Gumraow," having; "referPCCH to the dispute between him and t!ie Presbyteries. The mcptitiff having hppn openpd hy 'prayer, the lfev. j. Beiitly Keid proposed, anil Mr Douglas gpconded, that Mr S. H. . "Officer 'like the ch..ir. rti« c'lairra ;n, hii»in» shorly explained 'he ohjpct nf ibe meeting, cailed upon Mr lieid j to read his reply to MrGummow's letrpr. Mr.lieid ihen proceeded to reud his replv, ns follows:— . G'ENTLH'jiteM,—Owing to certain ra«h stateni'-n's which have appeared in the Hiver'tic Bet aid of the -18 h of October, in referriie.- to the Prcs yterinri t'burch here, we are reluctantly 'cons'raini.d to make a'statement of facts, which, to save the credit of that newspaper s cirrespon• dent, we bavfe hitherto refrained from doing. We .-'say;nothing, about'the ungenrlemaiily expression 'used in that letter when lie speaks of 'untruth rful reports ' nor do we seek to return socb un-professional language. " The following then is a simple narrative of "tb'fe.whole facta,from the commencement About , 'the-beginning,-of May'last Dr: Peiry, Bishop of , ' Melbourne visited Svyan Hill, on which/oocasion. "the necessity ol fjospel drdinanses in the district wis brough', under his noticealso.■ that it w-is, | . ww nearly five .years- and: «'half since the last 'resident clergyman of the English Ohtiroh had ( '"been withdrawn, aifd that; the occasional visit8 | . 'even of such clergymen hiul heel) almost inter* 'mitted for neBr'two ytars and a half. The liishop felt himself unable to do anything to meet what , -'confessedly was a great want, and confessed they ( ' had failed to do so in the-past.' He also bath £ 'privately arid publicly expressed his satisfaction ( 'tin'tlure was a pio'positiou" on loot for the set ' 'tlertnnt <i( a clergyman belonging to the ^resl'y { terian 'Church at Swan Hill. It whs from no t "opposition of the Presbyterian portion of the ; ''community'; not from any lack, of hearty suppod t 'that the Hng:i h Church clergyman Irad^ to be t ''withdrawn.' For both as to Church and ft rend 'j they were (as confessed on all hands) as libe al as | "could tie expected cf them, and os warm lie .rted •as if the cause hud been their ov'n On my first y • visit to Swan Hi'l. towiin^ the middle of May- u •(iinmediat.ly after the Bish >p t visit), Mr Gum- j t mow expresses himself as ' but ton williuu to he 'j relieved of the duiy of reading prayers, but N 'would gl-idly at any lime take my place hy bold B !ini».eV'nit!g. service should I . be called to leave „ the township in the evening.' This contemplated: j ; 'shearing time j • -Thfe proof of Mr Uiunmow's | ' 'meaning this—lis well as saying words to. the (1 -above iiiiport-^is that 'from the day! ol m\ settle- a 'ineut, and,Ifiir. stVeriil wepks .thereafter, I ,con- /a 'tinu.-d no hVrriipiedly to : olil two services every 1 j. Sabbath, during which-period also ho English t ■ - Church service was'lield. Moreover, Mr Gum.' H njovv hi first attendeil bur service, and until snmi- , ■ifeio weeks sirics bis "family w. re in constant v utteuclancc. hot.one, word was tiaid about ' uh a warrantable-aggression' when on the first sabbath 'of niy appearance I (relying on Mr Gummow's ( words, -Without any further agreement) took the 0 two services and lie as nat urally gave up .reading \\\ 'prayer. I;a»V, 'When did .'wre . proclaim our , "i.itention of'occupyiiig; the. church altcgethri ? 8 : -Let him answer tlut. Why did lie not s y -o the u •'firn Sabbath"? Why for several wefck* 'w is no- u the phrase; ' unwai rantable agjjres-dou' ; nseo ? q Why was the Iambus '• Mefseng~i" of June v never produced duiiiig this uotti|>mfetiveIy long_ •'..period lor the purpose for which it w'onld now 'seem it is'all poten: ? Strange -patience that , ■ never spoke or even whispered of wron« doing, 'but was'a participator in tiie wrong doing by v 'ciiunti-iiaiic'iii!' personally there''his family at our (. , ,'eveiiing service, when he.could have entered Irs , ''protect at least either .hy reading prayer in his • .-own house, or by'mentioning the Jact to us that we were holding a service every'sabbath evening '. Vhich was in the face ol 'mi agreement. Suddenly, • however, and quite unexpected by any one, a [ 'letter was sent tiy Mr Guminow to one of the members of our boatd of maiiagei:.en't, who a; J 'first originated the movement and had made the' t representation already spoken of by the Bishop. . The letter 'requested' conlormity to what Mr Gnmoiow was pleased to call an agreement made B Vitll the Hisliop and emhodii d in the ' Cnurcli of f England Messenger' ol the 16 h June—ra her an s old number.. Strange that the ghost of it should c have been raised after so long a tune for the pur- c pose of pulling down 'unwarrantable aggrension.' The so called arrangi'inent simply amounted to , this: Asatrus.te ilr Gummow had (when the ; Presbyterian 'movement was first spoken ot) without being requested volunteered the use ol t tbe Knglish Cbuich building; and the Bishop 1 Volunteered the sune. On the other hand, the oriuinator of the Presbyterian Church, from his Idea then of what'would he best for the locality, had proposed that the clergyman shou d h^ld 'Bervice in Swan Hill'and once at the stations on the sabba'h. On my first visit before sctlemeni ( I acted on this advice and found but six persons i employed (in fhe station I held service at. I was , given to'understand that the generality ol them : would be found to he no more populous I then j urged the "propriety of visiting stations durum the week, and not niving up an audience of over 1}> people, most of whom could not frcm home I •duties possibly attend church in the morning, tor I the morning audience here was not more than ( ' : half as large as in the eveuing as lar as the town- , "ship is concerned. This was agreed to, and it was after this conclusion was formed that Mr ' Gummow declared that he would be too glad to l>e relieved, from reading the Church of England prayers. (I have since heard that Mr Gummow on several occasions used the eaine language to •'others.) Upon this understanding, on the last sabbath of my visit I held two services, and con tinned to bold them without hearing of any 'objection Whatever from Mr Gummow. Bui again even had this single member bound himself, which he did not (for he merely accepted tbe building, but agreed as to nothing about eerxices) we deny the right of'any one me nb r to bind the whole committee. Unfortunately the letter of Mr Gummow referred to was considered private, which prevented us Irom having the power of laying it before the lOird of majia^emi nt, which is alone competent to deal with suct> m tt is. Thi< d ffisulty was represented to Mr Gnuitnow, who still refiued his permission to have it laid before tbe committee, but insisted on n jmvale member doing what every Presbyterian would have resented as an infringement ol the committee's rights, and justly too. However, Mr Gum " mow may assume with impun tv tbe rights of a "committee, and ignore their very existence. The request was renewed personally, and the same answer was given. For (ear ol mifconstruetion • - the letter—but not the letter which «as piivaie '' _was laid before the board, who, of course, unanimously granted the request, and appointed me to tee "Mr Gummow in order to ascertain ' lehen lie intended entering upon bis duties, with '. insttuctions to make arrangements for his having the building at any time he wished to resume it. On laying the deci-ion ot committee before Mr ■ -' Guminow. it astonished us to find that it win not the building or the holding of ihe Enjlish Church ■service which in reality was demanded ; but over and above these that I should give up holding service io tbe township oiice a day, white Mr 'Gummow read prayers to the people. (During the tune he had re d them we are told they were anything but regularly conducted. 01 course personally I was at liberty to go out of the township, stay at home (as Mr Gummow did morning • and evening when I prencbeu), or pocket my ' " profession and sit at the feet of a layman. I do toot know if Air Gummow would attend the 1 lectures of a non-professional; or permit me tc request Hint he should evacuate Ilia post at the hospital at certain hours while I tried my hand ' on the patients. Nn'.l.inc leas than this», however, would satisfy Mr G.mmow, ar.d *e refn-ed l>e cau-e of .there 'unwarrantable Bggressimis to resume the building or hold service, u less irtive over proposing to hold service c s»ew ere. i'n more occasions than one—twice at least — le was rpqnp-f'l to say on what day he would hold his first service that we mielit le->ve the bunding to :ici:oiiiiiioiliite him. The answer was *«■>>* the same. 1'he next we heard was that a Church of Kngland clereyman had been appointed to Sw..n Hill, am) on mv return !rom town 1 found he had alrradv arrived. L-t me say that with a clergyman of the Church of England occupying 'the hiiil.liiu lor evening aervico—'.he service ' alone which a township congregation can he got to arrettd—we preferred leaving the buildm# altogether, seeing we would have to provide a building for one service at le ist. • As far as the church is concerned, these are the facta. ,l And now a woTd in regard to the sabbith school. The school originated -we are fold on Hood nmhoritv—with bo h English Church and Presbyterian teacher*, although alterwards it was wholly conducted under Church of Bug no sncerintendance. The children nre tang it co l.cts, liturgy, English Church praysrs, and inglish Church catechism according to use and wont of that church We do not objret to the church teaching her tenets to her own children, but Presbyterians do object to thur children ben.!; fotuDght When there is a clergyman of their own re-idem, and no clergym-.tr resident or visiting belonging to another church. e . began to speak of a sabbath school for the fol lowing reasons :— "1. Because only 18 out of more than 45 children' in the township attended the Bnglis» Church school-. Since my settlement L can vouch for the numbers. . ... «2 Highly approving of unsectarian schools, we could not, however, see our way while having a church here to have our children taught from the above bo >ks which contain statements we cannot subscribe to. "8. Because Presbyterian teachers were re fused admission into their school, 'or though we, the committee, proposed to have a salioo. in o.nnmon, allowing the English Church to t.-ach the formula of the Church of England to those children wnose parents might desire t lhs offer wa8 peremptorily deemed, and s«mi«three weeks since we were in con-,quenc« "ohl.jjed to have a school of our own lor wh ch we are now denounced They would neithu allow us a share of their school, nor consent to our having one of our own, although they had no clugyman, whereas the Presbyterians ha^e;. V? shuw the justice of the oase : -mat sal-b.ith 1 atieiided the Englisn . Chuich school, and 2b attended ours, with a lull efficient teiichers. This shows the English Church school to have lo.-t none of their former numbers rout o n t umiier hand shows an increase ol 26 m attendance on religious' instruction, wbo formerly attended no school, at least sm e my arrival here, if we m*v judge-by numbers.- None to interfere with them further -us courtesy su,.-sted in making Hie ofler to co operate. 1 was but proposed. When doing «> we ■ e. would be a great loss to the church had H been "C" In''connection with both church,and school, the actuating principle has been the same, ihej could not support a'clergyman of the.r own a d Mr Guinmow must- therefore try. to prevent any ether one from tieing settled here w 10 i e sign his. creed. - They failed to get even a m jority brilie township children l° lhe,r9c ) '; and ilit-y feel annoyed at others who art> gu«lt> ol such ' unwarrantable aggression as try to wha: they have failed to ett'ect. On the motion-of Mr B?' coadnd by Mr Gardsn, that Mr Raids reply be published either.as a latter or speech, it was earned without dissent that it should be published as a speech made at the medt.ng. Mr Reid stated that it was not church a°ainst church, but that we should give up holding one Presbyterian serv.ee and a mv Mr Guraraow to read tae Church ox iiat,lana ti'ravers instead. Mr Wyse then moved tha following resoIutL n •—■' That this meeting 'deeply regrets the tosi-on in wuicb it is at present seemingly placei to the English Ciurch in consequence of the letter of Mr Gumraow s-hu beheves no other coarse is left open tor it shott of publishing a "port of these proceedings." Seconded by Mr M Donald and Tie 0f thanks having been proposed to Mr Keid and Mr Officer, and duly carried, Mr Douglas moved that ;be minutes of this meeting be adopted, which was seconded by Mr. Garden nnd carried | 