BOMISH COMFORT IN DEATH. The folloAving Avill help our readers to judge whether the Romish religion is the religion of Christ, and whether it is not time that Protestants should throw off their a'osutd indifference to the baptized heathenism which prospers around them, and which it has long been thought un- ulldllldUlc LU tJAjJUbl: iluU UUIIUUIIU; A certain guildman, in Sydney, a mem ber of the holy fraternity of St. Mary and St. Joseph, was passionately fond of going to the races. His religion did not show him the immorality and sin of betting. Like all gamblers he sometimes Avon and sometimes lost, and the excitement in both cases led him to drink, and then to fighting. His guild takes for its motto, "Love to God and our neighbour ;" but this exemplary member felt quite at liberty to show his love by heavy odds, and, whether the game was a Aviuniug or a losing one, by having drink ur.d quarrelling over it. The last races Avere really the last to him. He drank and fought and lost as usual. The excitement .was too much, and he Avent out of his mind. Poor man, while ho lay a-dying the priest was brought, and ho was duly anointed- Holy oil avds applied to his body to fit his soul for the hour of death. He avus not conscious, but this did not matter, his soul was fortified by the holy oik and latin of the 'priest for facing death, and for travelling to purga tory. Then, as the fatal hour drew on to the man two lighted candles were thrust into his convulsively clenched hands. Those candles were to give light to the depart ing soul. Blessed candles ! bought no doubt at the spiritual shop, Avhere holy water and holy oil are abundantly supplied. But there they burned in the dying man's hands to sIioav his soul the right way when- it should depart. And the surrounding friends, Avith fanatic earnestness, in chorus and alone, repeated for the five hundredth time in a run the vain and heathenish repetition, " Joseph and Mary receive his soul k Joseph and Mary receive his soul 1" " St. Peter, St. Paul, St. Michael, and all the angels receive his soul 1" Alas 1 amid such "orgies" of vile superstition the soul passed away, and then the usual "orgies" of a Romish Avpke followed — candles, and crosses, talking and drinking, smoking and laughing 1 Of course, a holy guildman must have something more, to make secure his soul, even although lie has died in unconscious ness and sin. He must be taken to the chapel. The priest of the guild must say a mass for his soul. He must get ail the benefit of priestly absolution. And then, borne to the grave by his holy brethren, he must be buried amid their suffrages for his " eternal repose !" Such is the comfort in death Avhich Roman ism offers to its deluded people ! Protestants Avill hardly credit that such heathen superstition is practised amongst them as the Christian religion. Not less brutal and brutalizing is it than the mum meries of the Chinese and the Aboriginals. To compare this Avith the comfort which the Scriptures give to the man avIio believes in Christ, and rests on the suffi ciency of His atoning sacrifice — " We knoAV that if our earthly house of this tabernacle Avere dissolved, Ave have a building of God, an house not made Avith hands eternal in the hciwens " — "to be absent from the body is to be present Svith the Lord" — "I have a desire to depart and to he Avith Christ, Avliioh is far better " — is to compare the pure gold Avitli the filth of the dunghill, and the light of noonday Avitli the darkness of night ! Are not Protestants, and especially Protestant ministers, much to he blamed for the gross ignorance of Christian truth Avliich is exposed in the case which avc have noAV given as a fact? It is truly lamentable. People Avho are liA'ing in this gross darkness are . as much in need of missionary effort as the natives Avho are worshipping their idols and bloody ghosts, in the islands of the sea ! 