ENIGMA. Though born in the mountains I do not remain In the place of my birth but prefer the broad plain; For I shun the hard rocks so barren and steep, And sigh for the meadows where calmly I sleep. Men sometimes, I own, turn me out of my bed, And compel me to labour to get them their bread. If wisely they treat me I'm gentle and mild, And lovingly kiss e'en the feet of a child; But, if rashly confined, in my fury I rise; They must look to me well, for their power I despise; Let me once break my bonds I rush forth in my might, And the bravest before me will fly in affright. In the wilds of the North I may sometimes be seen Where the gumtree grows tall and the herbage is green; But like thoughtless explorers my fate I defy And oft wander away in the desert to die; And there by the bushman my track may be found, Where faint and exhausted I've sunk to the ground. The sea too is often a foe to my life, Yet I've crossed the Atlantic unscathed by the strife Of the merciless billows that savagely rolled To crush the warm life from my heart with their cold. Here bright and rejoicing, there feeble and slow, Here with gold in my lap, there with nothing to show, Now a vain shallow babbler, now calm and pro- found, Now unknown, and again through all countries renowned, Since the days of creation I've wandered about, And from what I have said you can guess me no doubt. You know me now, I see it well; But still there's something more to tell; For take the letters of my name And many a word from them you'll frame. The bench beside a cottage door; The waters breaking on our shore; The spar that bears aloft the sails; The power that brings our monthly mails; The skipper pacing to and fro; And he that's next in rank below, With all the sailors lithe and bold; And e'en the creatures in the hold; The style all well-manned ships display; The lamp that guides them on their way, And what 'tis said to be by day; The food that most renews man's pith, And what he daily does therewith; A flower that came from China first; A leaf in that same country nursed; The place where we that leaf may buy; A handy thing one's boots to dry; What three and two can never be; A Greek avenging deity; What rude men drive with language coarse; A four-legged creature like a horse; Another, somewhat like a sheep; The drops that foolish children weep; What such drops do to dirty faces; What people use in close embraces; What little girls should sew so neat; What Satan sowed among the wheat; What branding irons do when hot; What every paper-seller's got; The things of which each ass can boast; What I should do to see a ghost; What ghosts and I have never done; What victors offer when they've won; What a caged tiger chiefly fears; The series of our Christian years; The taxes levied in the town; What gives the painter his renown; Two portions of the verb to be; All these within my name you'll see. J. H. C. 