IN THE QjmYTWILlQHT~ £By the Author -of 'Lady Hamilton's Bevenge. &c.; &c;'1 'And I am to take this answer as final ?' ' Certainly, I hare given joa. my reply, and I would warn you that persistency Km your part will produce no cbange im my feelings towards you, which, are those -*f friendship only.' ' May I take the liberty of enquiring the reason of this somewhat abrupt aa ?'The reason is obvious. The difference in our stations in life would compel me to return this negative answer. Do you think my father would allow me to wed a Solicitor's clerk? Common sense would tfeach yon different. But there is no «ecessitj for prolonging this interview. Good night !' Rupert Vertou turned away from the girl he had loved. The answer was ou welcome as it was unexpected, asd he left her with feelings of wounded pride min gled with contempK Bnt he loved ier, ?notwithstanding all she had said— «he had not extinguished the spark of love from bis breast. True, on mature deliberation he thought he had been guilty of pre sumption in the way he had acted— it was true he was but a solicitor's clerk, whose salary would barely support himself much, less her who had heen pampered with ?every luxury that money could procure. Still, he was ambitious. He did not ex poct always to be in the situation in which he now was. Bright airy castles glistened in the future— brilliant prospects which could never have a fulfilment save ia his own mind — ever and anon interfered Tvith his daily task, 'but now these were all dashed down. But how about the proud manned who had thus spoken to him? Unquestion ably she was right when she saifl that her father would never allow her tewed him. He was as proud and haughty as his daughter, and would have -morned tho approach of the law clerk as he would the lowest menial in his house. But pride must have a fall. Wealth built upon uncertain speculation is no more seeure than a bouse whoso founda tions are laid in. toe shifting ^afid of the sea shore \ and -o Mr Wrayfor'd found it, and while Rupert Yertaa'ws/s plodding on in a dull musty office, p'taoing the »avings of each 'week in the^a' /ings Bank, 'Wrayford was struggling against the manifold advert- ities that w ere thickly {fathering aroiind him. *O?ae company sifter another collapsed, ? one - speculation after another tfatfed; until, unable to s tand any longer, he baca me bankrupt, and his large vitLa, ?withit.s costly furni tuxe and surrounds, were 8 old to meet the clarims of urgent creditoK-s. But was Itupert glad of this ? Ho. I I verily be lieve that if the Bank wh'ich held all bis lard earnest savings Baxi collapsed he could not be more sorry than when the news spread that Mr ''V/rayford was a bankrupt, an-d bis fatuih /? thrown penni less upon an ?unfeeling y irorid. Twelve months rapidTly rolled on, and the Wrayfords, onea 'the daily envy of their neighbors, weren ow seldom referred to unless in. terms of ? corn aud contempt. Itupert watched with, satisfaction the rapidly increasing ht dance to his credit in the Bank, and'ev/jr as he passed the house near v/hichth'e short conversation recorded at thecomi nencementof thistnle took place did a ret urn of fond admiration for her who had -so slighted him occur. Midsummer -waij rapidly approaching, and his employer i illowed Lim a month's holiday, and coosi dering that close appli cation to work liiid somewhat wearied him, determined lim to avail himself of the opportunii jy to enjoy a few weeks sojourn near the uea side, which he hoped would reiavigoruse his system, and render him be'.itflr able to ficrhf, his Hnilv tnoto Some short( distance from the shore stood a 'neat villa residence, so neat and prepossessing: that it immediately attrac ted 'his attention, and he was somewhat pleased on ie arning that furnished apart ments were 'to be had there on reasonable terms, and »s he wisely concluded that The less 4ie paid for his accommodation the better, lie made arrangements to take tbe plaoe 'for a short time. But judge of his surprise on learning that the proprie tor of 'thje boarding house was Mrs and Miss Wrayford. I think this would have made him take these furnished apart ments, even if there bad not beeu the bduceraeat of reasonable terms to tempt him. Thb lovely close of the warm summer day often tempted him to stroll near the sandy beach of the sea shore. The cool delicious sea breezes had an exhilarating ?effect after the heat of the day. On one «f theBe occasions he met Miss Wrayford. He had not many opportunities of seeing her, and he was glad to embrace the pre sent one to catechise her. 'lam glad to see yon, Mis* 'Wray ford.'' be said, extending bis band ; 'and although times have changed with both of us since we last met, I have lost none of my former love for you, but at the same time I trust your feelings have undergone a change for the better since that time.' There was no proud, haughty, scornful, look or language this time. ' I should have thought,' she said, ' that you would never nave spoken to me again after the contemptuous way in which I spoke to you many months ago, and many miles from here. Will you forgive me ?' she added, apologetically. ' JPorgive you? 3TeB!' Baid Bupert, frankly; ' I have forgiven you long ago, never expecting to have an opportunity of telling you so.' ' Toe have eased me of a great load, Mr Yerton; the thonght of it has haunted me like a ghost, and I feel happy in the knowledge of your forgiveness.' ' And I feel equally as happy in being able personally to relieve you from your self imposed burden; and allow me, Miss Wirayfojrd, to express g. hope that you have learnt a lesson by the bitter expe rience of tbe past, which will enable you to profit Jjjr it.' ': .' 'Your hope has long been realised, Mr Verton, and while I never expected to see you; I have often felt eager to ipolo gise for my rudeness, for such you must have taken it.' ' No apologiet are needed, .my .dear Miss Wrayiord. I feel glad that you have learned that thoBe below you in station merit as much respect as those more exalted ; and while I regret that you were not able to learn it in prosperity, I can only hope that it will be more remem bered than it otherwise would be.' But this was not the only Me a tele conversation tht-t occurred between them during Rupert's sojourn at the sea shore, nor will you be surprised to hear that before Bupert returned to bis office pre liminaries were arranged for their part nership for life. I need not weary you by lingering on the sequel. They were married, and as fortune prospered with Bupert he was enabled to take the business of his master, and ultimately to purchase tbe house which was originally the property of his wife's father ; and often is the conversa tion which took place in the grey twilight referred to by the nappy pair ; and alto gether, I think Mrs Yerton learnt a lesson which she is never likely to forget. 