Current News. MR. JOHN DOUGLAS, late Agent-General for Queensland, and Mrs. Douglas, were pasengers from Sydney by the Queensland, on August 14. MR. ANTHONY TROLLOPE was a passenger by the Queensland, for the Northern Ports. While in Brisbane he was the guest of the Chief Justice. We recently paid a visit to the Brisbane Hospital, and found the establishment in that clean and orderly condition which it invariably presents. There are now upwards of sixty patients in the institution. Mrs. Lawson, whose arm was amputated on August 11, appears in better spirits than might have been expected after the severe suffering she has undergone. Murphy, Messrs. Cobb and Co.'s coachman, who had both his legs broken a few weeks ago by an accident on the Logan-road, is steadily improv ing, and there are no cases of a very dangerous character at present amongst the inmates. A man named Thomas Forder was admitted on Sunday, suffering from an affection of the bones of his leg, the result of an accident which oc ourred a considerable time back. He was for several months in the Warwick Hospital, and it is probable that an operation will be performed on the diseased limb in a few days. On August 15 the body of a little boy, seven years 6 (age, son of Mr. George Wride, was found in a waterhole at the bottom of Mr. Alexander Raff's paddock, between Gregory terrace and Leichhardt- street. He is supposed to have fallen in either on his way to or from school, as his copy-book was first seen floating in the water. A woman, who discovered it, afterwards observed the body, and gave an alarm. On the body being recovered, however, it was found that life had for some time been extinct. The waterhole in question forms one of a chain extending from Leichhardt-street to Brunswick-street, and this is the fourth child that has been drowned there within the past few years. The immigrants, ex Friedeborg, are moving off very satisfactorily, and are a really first-class lot. About half the single men have already secured engagements at average wages of £25 a year, while all the single girls, with the excep- tion of a few, have readily obtained employment at from 6s. to 8s. per week. The married couples have not been so much sought after, probably arising from the fact that the majority of them are plentifully surrounded with "en cumbrances." The induction of the Rev. C. M'Culloch into the pastoral charge of Wiokham-terrrace Pres byterian Church took place on August 11. The Presbytery met at 7, when the Moderator preached an excellent discourse. The induction was then proceeded with, and was conducted in a most impressive manner by the Rev. C. Ogg, after which tho right hand of fellowship was given by the Presbytery and congregation, who were largely represented. A congregational meeting was subsequently helJ, when Mr. A. Reid, on behalf of the ladies of the congregation, presented the reverend pastor with a handsome pulpit gown. Mr. M'Culloch feelingly replied, and the proceedings, which were throughout of a most impressive character, terminated by the benediotton being pronounced. A PUBLIC meeting in support of the Austral asian Wesleyan Foreign Mission Society was held on August 16, at the Wesleyan Church, Valley. There was only a limited attendance, and Mr. Lade occupied the chair. The Rev. M. H. Parkinson read some details of the operations of the society, from the report for the past year. The Rev. J. Fletcher, who has spent a number of years as a missionary amongst the natives of the South Seas, gave a very interesting sketch of the islands, the manners and customs of the natives, and the difficulties the missionaries had to contend with. He stated that it was now admitted by the settlers in these islands that- no white men would ever have been able to found a oolony there if it had not been for the teaching of the missionaries. The total revenue of the society for the past year from all souroes amounts to £11,254 15s. Bd., and of this sum Queensland had only contributed £1L 13s. 9d. 1 he expenses attendant on the various missions amounted to £13,609 17s. Id., which left a balance of £2355 Is. 3d. to be paid by the Home Society. This balance they were be ginning every year to be more and more un willing to pay, as they considered that Australia should be capable of supporting this mission themselves. They had latterly threatened to withdraw their aid, and if this was done it would result in some of the missionaries having to be withdrawn, although there were at present too few for the work, unless an increased effort wu made ia the colonies to augment the subscrip tions. Mr. Fletcher pointed out that very little interest seemed to be taken in the work in this colony, except by a few individuals, and appealed for increased help for ihe cause. A vote of thanks was unanimously voted to the chairman, and the meeting concluded with the singing of the Doxology. Chans-, the Chinese giant, has been holding large levies at the Town Hall, and attracting two and three hundred visitors of a night. Chang Woo Gow is a veritable giant; a good sized man goes under his arm, and he writes his name on the wall at a height of ten feet. He is well-proportioned and even handsome in figure ; and his deportment, about which there is the charm of natural refinement, is at once dignified, gentlemanly, and inviting. He walks about among his audience, points out the peculiarities of a number of Chinese curiosities (for sale), and talks and laughs in a pleasant, easy manner. He is said to be a scholar, and his leisure time is spent in literary pursuits. This giant— unlike the great Blunderbore, and his kin, of nursery fame—seems to have come of a respectable family. He is a native of Fy chow, a city in the Au-Hwy province of the Celestial Empire, and, according to his auto biography, is twenty-four years of age. The Changs have all been tall men, besides being celebrated in various ways. Chang says :—" My father, Chang Tzing, a scholar and disciple of Confucius ; my grandfather, a sage, famous for his wisdom ; my great- grandfather, Chang, the man of war, of whose great deeds our poets love to sing—all were great men." Chang has a brother who weighs 400 lbs., and is called " the strong man of the East." He is a warrior, and is the favorite of the " Supreme Head of the Celestial Empire, the heaven-con ferred one, whose youth lives as the bamboo, green ten thousand yean." Kin Foo, a pretty Chinese lady, also tall, accompanies Chang. A tblkgbim received by the police authori- ] ties on Aug. 14 states that the Kavenswood escort with 3332 ozb. 7 dwts. and 10 grs. of gold, under the command of Sub-Inspector Clohesy, had arrived at Townsville. The Wide Bay Naws says:—"We hate been ehown a rery rich looking specimen of quartz taken from the prospectors' claim at Stanton Harcourt. We understand that the reef on this claim, which wu named by the ; Commissioner on his late visit after the Marquis of Normanby, looks very well. The reef averages from a foot to fifteen inches." ! An advertisement in this issue announces that 1 the new school beyond the Three-mile Scrub will be opened by a tea meeting on Thursday i evening next. • The Petrie-terrace Band of Hope held the usual fortnightly meeting on Tuesday evening last, which was very well attended. The recita tion?, of which there was a considerable number, were of an instructive and interesting descrip tion, aud were listened to v ith much interest. After the recitations, the secretary (Mr. Cooling) gave a reading, entitled "Mortimer Hudson; or, the Old Man's Story ;" after which Mr. B. Gregory addressed the children, and re lated several circumstances to show the necessity of their being firm and deoided in their prin ciples. After a fow remarks from the president (Mr. Moore), the meeting terminated. Three new members were added to the society. A correspondent of the Wide Bay and Burnett News states that the present Govern ment are building a bridge over the Dawson River, at Gainsford, at a cost of £6000, without having received any authority from Parliament for the expenditure. The Maitland Mercury reports that James 0\. Pettit, late Postmaster* at Mnrrurundi, has been committed for trial at the next Circuit Court, at East Maitland, on a charge of larceny of letters while in the discharge of official duties. The late census of Victoria proves to a great extent that the disparity which existed between the sexes in the colonies is, at least in the more populous portions of the continent, fast passing away. In Melbourne and Us suburbs the females number 58,115 against 56,046 males. Female suffrage, we fear, could hardly be carried out there. A distressing case of religious mania oc curred at Launceston, Tasmania (says the Cornwall Chronicle). A man named John Bar tram, since attending the preaching of a Mr. Douglas, became melancholy mad. All he would say was " Too hot, too hot—I`m in ever lasting torment." At times he became very violent, and on one occasion threw a bottle at his brother-in-law. One night—or rather early one morning—he rushed out into the street un dressed, and when told to go home he said, " I want to go to Jesus; this is not my home." Bartram is twenty-two years of age, and said to have been of sober industrious habits. He was sent to the hospital for the insane. Wb have to acknowledge the receipt of a satirical poem, published at the office of the Queensland Times, entitled " The Railway Mania." The author denounces Bail way ex tension, Immigration, and Mr. Lilley and his followers, in good vigorous verse; and con* eludes as follows :— " Let us send than speedily to power Who triumph'd in temptation's hour— The Palmer Ministry—the yery best Queensland has had, by all her sons confessed." What is called " a true ghost story" come* to us from New Zealand. A Wellington paper says.-—" A few evenings ago a young lady, who occupies the same sleeping apartment (but not the same bed) with a younger sister, had retired to rest shortly before midnight. The younger . sister had been asleep for some time. The elder j sister's bed stood in front of a window, at some I little distance from it; a chair stood between the bed and the window. The young lady was lying on her side, with her face to the window, on the point of dropping off to sleep, and, as she avers, without the remotest thought of ghoat or goblin crossing her mind, when i suddenly she became aware of something like a dim shadow being cast across her eyes; she started, and turned quickly round to find her* self confronted by a tall gentleman, dressed in black coat and trousers, wearing a white waist coat with black spots, and gloves on his hands, half leaning over her. His figure and fdature? were clearly limned against the window, and she instantly recognised the face of a gentle* man formerly a resident of Wellington, deceased tome twelve months or so. Her look was only momontary, but it was dear; and filled with terror, she soreamed repeatedly to her sister, who after some little time awoke. The ghost disappeared at the first sound of her voice, and she was too muoh agitated to observe which way it went. The younger sister asked what was the matter ; the elder sister replied by desiring her to come into the other bed, and she would tell the cause of her trouble in the morning. Having lain down beside her the younger sister continued to press the elder with questions as to what she had seen or heard, at last asking her. whether she had not seen a man in the room. To this the elder re plied that she had, when the younger rejoined, ' Then I know who it was j it was Mr. ——,' mentioning the name of the very man whom her sister had seen. Much surprised, the elder asked, ' Did you see him too, then P' • No,' said the younger; • but while I was asleep the impression was borne vividly on my mind that he was in the room.' On being subsequently questioned how she came to think that the party ■he named was in the room, she said she could not tell, and had not thought of him before since his death; but she teemed to know in tuitively that he wat present, without feeling the alarm that was exhibited by her sister." A statement oomes to us (says the Afhe lueum) from Peru, from an English engineer, that remarkable discoveries have been made in the lower excavations in the guano of the Guanape Islands. The guano appears to have preservative properties. Besides gold ornaments and other objects, a quantity of cloth was found, ■aid to have paintings of animals and symbols, of which the colors were well preserved. Most of these rolls of cloth were chopped up. We doubt about the paintings and the symbols, because we suspect the stuff was tapa, or stamped cloth, as in Polynesia, with which traces of intercourse have been found in Guanape. An early remittance of some of the objects to London is expected. What is most remarkable is a stratum of woollen rags five feet thick and reaching over a mile in extent. This certainly may be called a fiold for conjecture. " Berkeley, Sept. 1869.—Gentlemen,—I feel it a duty I owe to you to express my grati tude for the great benefit I have derived by tak ing ' Norton's Camomile Pills.' I applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for the above named Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy pre scribed, but without deriving any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable pills I was quite restored tD my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may thus be afflicted.—l am, Sir, yours i truly, Hknbt Allpasb.—To the Proprietors of Norton'a Camomile Pills."—[Advt.] Mabaytlla Cocoa.—No breakfast table is complete without this delicious beverage.—The Globe says, " Various importers and manufac turers have attempted to attain a reputation for their prepared Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers discovered the extraor dinary qualities of Maravilla Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this finest of all species of the Theobroma, they have pro duced an article which supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a deli cate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For homoeo paths and invalids we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." Sold in paokets only by all grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor Brothers' Origival Homoeopathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate. StMm llilit— Brick-iane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium.—[Adtt.j | Th« sudden death of an unfortunate woman named Sarah White occurred on August 14, in the lower part of Mary-street, at a miserable hovel situated in a place called Fitz's Lane, op posite the Bre#ery. The cause of death was apoplexy, brought on by intemperate habit* • and Dr. Hobbs, who was in attendance shortlj after the event, gave a certificate to that effect. The unfortunate woman has been well known to the police for a considerable time, and her . miserable end excited little astonishment. When the occurrence became known to the denizens of the locality, the house was apeedily filled by • number of the sisterhood, whose lamentation! were loud over the fate of their partner in vice. The corpse presented a frightful appearance. We have to acknowledge the receipt, through Mr. Geo. Sinter, bookseller, of Queen-street, of Mr. Bobertron's edition of " The Battle of Dorking," reprinted complete from Blackwood't Magazine. The article has created n. profound sensation in the old country, aud is without ; doubt a most remarkable production. The re print before us is neatly got up—ss most of Mr. Robertson's work is—.v das tbo price at which it is offered places it within the reach of everybody, no doubt it will command an exten sive sale. ; A BUHOB is being industriously circulated by some of the Ministerial supporters who have been recently elected, to the effect that Mr. Pring will be the Ministerial candidate for the 1 Speakership of the now Assembly. What amount of truth, if any, there is in the rumor ■ we are unable to state. As the Census is to be taken on the Ist o September, it is time that the la.ies should be ! getting their ages ready, and suoh difficult ' points decided as to who is " the head of the family," before the collectors make their round*. It may be as well to inform thoee who have 1 lately commenced housekeeping, or have never filled up a census paper, that the law imposes a penalty not exceeding £20 on persons guilty of wilfully neglecting to fill up the printed form they receive ; or, of making false statements in it; or, if unable to read or write, of not giving the necessary information to the collector. The latter is ttrictly ordered not to divulge the family secrets of which lie may thus become the recipient. It being known that the object of taking the census is to ascertain the number and condition of the people as a basis on which to found future legislation for their benefit, no one, it is to be hoped, will in these days be so foolish as to withhold the necessary information under the idea that it may be made use of to i his or her injury. When the census was taken in Ceylon at the beginning of this year, the natives fell into a mistake of that kind. Somebody told them that the Government wanted to know how many young men there were to spare in the country, in order that they might be shipped to France to be married to the widows of the Frenchmen who were killed in the war. The : consequence was that the credulous Cingalese ungallantly bolted into the jungle, and their whereabouts was carefully concealed by their female relatives and admirers until the danger 1 was past. , The Pink Lily farmers (says the Bockhamp* | ton Bulletin of the 10th instant) are taking a { step in the right direction—they have resolved | upon availing themselves of the liberal provi sions of our Education Act by starting a publio ; school in their own neighborhood. To Mr. A. i Kohler, we believe, is duo the credit of having originated the movement, for on Sunday last he prepared a subscription list, and by Monday evening had obtained subscriptions amounting to £71. He raided £43 of this amount from the settlers on the Pink Lily, nearly all £5 sub scriptions, which is a proof of their earnestness* in the cause, as the present season is a very ; trying one for them, and they find it diffioult to ; make even rations. The balauce was subscribed |by residents in the neighborhood of Lion | Creek. On Monday evening a meeting of the promoters was held at the Lion Creek Hotel. jA. P. Gossett, Esq., in tho chair. About | twenty heads of families were present. The fol lowing committee of managemeut was appointed —viz., Messrs. Cranston, Schweinberg, Naese, ■ Plahn, Belfield, Golz, Martin, Gossett, and Kobler—the last named gentleman to act a* secretary. It was understood that the com mittee of management should be canvassed on I an early day, and we understand that Mean*. Belfield and Kohler will make their first visit on Friday next. It seems that the intended site of the school is about midway between Lion Creek bridge and Pink Lily Lagoon, whioh are about two miles apart. Within a convenient distance of this spot there are fifty children, and the number is constantly increasing. It i* impossible that these children can come to the Bookhampton school, aud therefore a local institution is an absolute necessity. The amount wanted from the publio is £150, which would secure an additional sum of £300 from the Government, and admit of the necessary build ings being erected and furnished according to the requirements of the Education Board. The Pink Lily farmers are a valuable class of colo nists, and we have no doubt that their effort* will be liberally seconded by the people of Bockhampton, despite the frequency of sub scriptions and the extreme tightness of money at the present time. Avoihkr article of export (says the Bulletin) has been added to our list —vie., animal manure. Last week Mr. G. B. Shaw succeeded in charter ing the schooner Annie Brown to Messrs. Berkel man and Co., of Laurel Bank, and on Saturday she waa towed down the river by the Mary, ■.. with a cargo of 220 tons of the product re ferred to. Her destination is Colombo, in the Island of Ceylon, where animal manure U worth from £4 to £6 per ton. Estimating the manure to realise £5 per ton at Colombo, this refuse of boiling-down establishments, whioh has hereto fore gone to waste, will be worth £2 15s. to £S per ton at this port, and the Annie Brown'e cargo will net something like £500. In a d?y or two a second cargo will be dispatched from Laurel Bank by the Messrs. Berkelman per the shooner Adieu, just arrived from Adelaide with flour. The Adieu's destination is Auckland*' and she is announced to sail on Thursday. ' The Bouth Australian Government have char tered two first-class iron ships, the Himalaya and Golden Fleece, for the conveyance of stook. Ac., to Port Darwin, for the use of the overland telegraph party. The former vessel, of 1064 tons register, has completed her fittings, which have been placed in the ship by Mr. Hinton, the contractor, and no small amount of credit it due to that gentleman for the very excellent manner in which the service has been performed. The whole of the fittings are of sawn hardwood, fastened with bolts and screws. la the lower hold are 48 tanks for water, of from 400 to GOO gallons eaoh. These are placed amidihips, fore and aft, and are embedded in the coal whioh form the ballast of the ship, the latter being nicely levelled, giving a perfectly even floor for the bullocks, ample space thing allowed in the pens for eighty head. In the 'tween deck* stalls have been fitted for eighty horses, equally well arranged. In fart, the Himalaya will leave the port perfeor in every respect. A very commodious house has been erected on the main deck for the accommodation of the men in charge of the stock ; and as the ship has a con denser capable of supplying 350 gallons per day, thore will be no lack of water. The Himalaya will also take twenty drays and a large quantity of stores. The steamer Omeo and barque And | podet, both chartered for a like service, were to leave Newcastle yesterday, similarly freighted for Port Darwin. The South Australian Go vernment schooner Gulnare, having called in at this port for final instructions, left again on the 7th August, direct for Port Darwin, it having been determined that the base of operations of the telegraph party should be stationed there is place of dividing the movement by an expedi tion from the Bogan Biver, as at one time deter mined. The Bengal, barque, is loading at Ado* laide for the same service with Government stores. The Himalaya will sail the latter end of the week, and the Golden Fleece will be ready for sea about the middle of the month." A modben Zaccheus has turned up in Auck land, in the person of a grocer, who challenge* any one to prove that he has "in any way wfl. fully wronged any person out of a single abO* ling;' and in the event of any such charge) being proved, he promises to pay from five to ten times the amount thus wrongfully obtained. It is refreshing (says the Daily Timet) to see that there is one man at least in Beripopolie who** dealing* will bear investigation. 