SEEM ON, .Preached ly the Very Rev. Hussey Burgh Macartney, D.D., Dean of Melbourne, in St. James' Cathedral, on St. Peter's Day, 29th June, 1871 ; being the 24th Anniversary of tlw Consecration of the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, and of the foundation of the Diocese. ' The Angel of the Church of Ephesus.'— -Rev. ii. 1. It is at once conceded that the terms '.'bishop' and 'presbyter' ?or ' elder,' in the New Testament, are convertible, that the same office is designated by both names, and that therefore no argument in favour of episcopacy can be drawn from the word. I also concede, that if Scripture were silent, the practice of what is called the primitive church would not supply us .with satisfactory evidence, for two reasons. First, because once we pass the canon of Scripture our records of the early church are so scanty that we know very little about it till it has ceased to be primitive in any rational sense of the word; and, secondly, because we are distinctly warned, in the Epistle 16 the Galatians, that a departure from primitive truth had taken place even at the moment that that epistle was written ; and in the two last Epistles of St. John, that evil had, when they were written, assumed in the church a settled form, and had in some cases claimed and exercised an oppressive 'pre-eminence.' We look not to tradition or church authority, but to Scripture; and we look to Scripture, not for the name of the office, but. for its character. We know, from Acts xx. 17, &o; , that in the church at Ephesus, when the apostle visited it about the year 51, there was more than one elder — the whole tenor of the passage would lead us to suppose a considerable number; and when the beloved Apostle wrote, about 38 years after, he speaks of the church in a tone that shows it could not have declined or stood still in the interval; therefore, the elders must have been at least as numerous as at St. Paul's visit. Yet St. John addresses himself to 'the angel,' recognising one, and only one, authority in the church, which person must have filled an office similar to that of a bishop in the modern church. It has been said that the angel does not stand for an individual, but for a body; and that a body, similar, perhaps, to our Church Assem bly, was here addressed ; but such a supposition is not supported by any parallel expression in Scripture. A city, or the church, is often addressed in poetic language as an individual; but we never find a collective governing body so addressed. We may speak of the College of the Apostles ; Scripture, never. When an individual is spoken of, we naturally conclude it to be an individual, until proof to the contrary be adduced. Again, we find both Timothy and Titus addressed as having in their own persons the power of ordination — thus, ' Lay hands sud denly on no man' (1 Tim. v. 22). 'I left thee that thou shouldest' 'ordain elders in every city' (Tit. 1, v.). We find likewise directions given to each how to instruct teachers what to teach (1 Tim. i. 3) ; how to act in receiving a charge against a presbyter (1 Tim. v. 19), and in what spirit to point out his faults (1 Tim. v. 1); the honour to be given to the good minister (1 Tim. v. 17), the public rebukes to the incorrigible (1 Tim. v. 20, Tit. i. 11 to 13), and the care to be taken in the choice of those he has to ordain (1 Tim. v. 22, 2 Tim. ii. 2, Tit. i. 5 to 9). We shall perceive more clearly the force of the directions scattered throughout these three epistles, if we for a moment suppose them addressed by a person having authority in England to a bishop in Melbourne : all runs smoothly — not a word has to be modified or explained away. Suppose, on the contrary, they were addressed by some revered individual, or body of individuals, in England, to one of the truly excellent and respected ministers in this town belonging to any of the denominations who claim absolute ministerial equality, would that individual venture to show such a document to his brethren 1 If he did, it would be to render himself for ever an object of jealousy or suspicion. So strongly has this been felt, that it has been urged, that Timothy and Titus were appointed by Paul as his deputies during his lifetime, and that their authority ended at his death ; but we must consider — first, that if something similar to the apostle's office were required in any particular church in the absence of the apostle even during his lifetime, how much more would such an office be needed when he was gone. But, secondly, it is a dangerous thing to treat Scripture as relating only to a certain time. If a person were to give us a grammar of an unknown language, and we, after having diligently studied it, were to find, on endeavouring to apply the examples therein given, that it was only a book of exceptions, what should we think of the judgment of our friend? The Bible is the grammar of our theology; and if we make it out to be a book of exceptions, we surely speak with little honour of Him who has given it as our guide. For ourselves, we take the examples of Scripture as our rule. The question, however, is very reasonably asked — ' If this be so, why is the matter left in comparative obscurity?' Are there not many professing Christians who do not recognise a ministry at all, and can they be answered in a moment? Are there not bodies who have subsisted for centuries, holding and boldly proclaiming all the essentials of the gospel, and yet denying episcopacy altogether ? Has any one ever denied or doubted the priesthood of Aaron and his successors; and if it were God's purpose to establish a Christian ministry and a form of church government, why were they not made as plain as the other ? It might have been difficult to reply to these questions in the first and second century, but the history of the church has been one long answer to them. If, with the few and scanty, though unmistakable, notices of the ministry which the New Testament presents, the hideous system of sacerdotal power has risen up and stood its ground, obscuring the gospel and the person of Christ, not only in the dark ages, but in the blaze of scriptural and intellectual light, what would have been our position if the ministry had been given in the New Testament the prominent place given it under the Mosaic dispensation ? If we have reason to be thank ful that we have so much information as to the office and character of the ministry, we may be, at least, equally thank ful that we have no more. Apart from the painful contro versies which have disgraced the last forty years, the Church of England has sought to present the gospel to the world, but to cast into the shade the instrumentality by which it is proclaimed, just as the cloud on which rests the bow of heaven conceals its own graceful form behind the radiance it reflects. The subject of the church's constitution naturally connects itself in our minds with this day, for on this day, fourand twenty years ago, the Lord gave a bishop to the church in this place. For twelve years the tide of human life had been flowing into this land; towns had risen, fields had been enclosed and cultivated, and the land had been overspread by j a scattered population indeed, but by a population that reached to its extremest limits. Little had been done for the spiritual welfare of these tens of thousands by any; and, in proportion to the number of our professed members, less by the Church of England than by any other body. One clergy man was engaged in Melbourne, one in G-eelong, and one in Jj Portland; and one very pretty, but very small church in | Geelong, and two unfinished churches in Melbourne, with | brick schoolrooms in Geelong, Portland, and Belfast, a school- i room in course of erection on the Barrabool Hills, and one j dilapidated wooden building in Melbourne, were the only ] structures devoted either to the assembling together of the J old or the instruction of the young; and we know of only j one instance in which, at that time, a layman was ministering | to his brethren. As reasonable men, we should expect that an || institution would start with renewed vigour when its organi sation should be complete in itself ; as Christians, regarding episcopacy as a divine ordinance, we should naturally look for a blessing on an act done, as we believe, in accordance with the will of God. It will be interesting, and more than inte resting, to inquire how far these expectations have been' ful filled. The Bishop, who was on this day consecrated in Westmin ster Abbej', landed on these shores on Monday, January 24, 1848\. There were then, as I have said, three clergymen in the diocese; there are now 129. -I am not aware that the English Church has in any age or in any part of- the- world made a proportionate increase in the same time. There were' then services in St. James's, Melbourne/in Christ Church, Gee long, in Portland, and one, I believe, conducted by a layman in Belfast, and one in Warrnambool. There are now, in the . Archdeaconry of Melbourne and Geelong alone, 72 churches, and at least 121 places where congregations assemble; 11 readers are employed in this archdeaconry, and at least 14 gentlemen give their voluntary services Sunday after Sun day. Two fine grammar schools have been' erected, and a college in connection with the University is in course of com pletion. Moore College, an institution in a neighbouring colony, which had not been used, was roused 'into active use fulness chiefly by the encouragement afforded from this diocese, and, like the canals in our arterial system, which lie dormant till the moment they are required, it -has become the means of diffusing life and health. Numbers of our most valuable ministers have been trained there, and many congre gations in other colonies have cause to' thank God that a source of so many blessings has been called into activity. Previous to 1847 we could not speak of the progress of the Church in the colonies; where she had lost least ground she had done best. To our American colonies bishops were steadily refused, for reasons of imaginary policy, and thus they were lost to the' church; and, consequently, both by natural sequence and by righteous retribution, those fair provinces were lost to the State. To the northern provinces . which remained to us, and to our other colonies, after the suicidal character of this policy was made manifest, bishops were slowly granted, and the church ceased to lose ground as rapidly as she had' done ; but ' the condition of the colonial bishops, and, consequently, of the colonial' clergy, though similar in name, was in' reality as different from their, rela tive position at home as could well be imagined. There, the bishop's authority, though nominally absolute, was really limited by the status of the beneficed clergy, by lay patron age, and by other circumstances;' so that the evil- there appears to be, not that the bishops have too much power, but too little. Here, no clergyman could officiate without the Bishop's license, and that license might be withdrawn at any moment, - without a reason assigned. We may surely call such a des . potism, terrible. A man who had spent his youth in prepara tion for the ministry^ and twenty years of his manhood in the exercise of its duties — who had for that work withdrawn himself 'from all worldly cares and 'studies,' and left himself wholly dependent on his ministry for ' provision: — might, in one moment, find his family without bread, and himself without a vocation. It is true, this power was rarely used, and still more rarely abused; but however mildly, the1 power might be exercised, there were 'three evils inseparable from its existence; the weakening effect upon the' mind- of a man who knows that he is dependent on the abso lute will of another, however amiable that other may be; the hindrances, to men of independent minds, to entering on the ministry under such terms; and, lastly, the effect on the laity, who could riot look with reverence on teachers that 'were but as inanimate pieces in the hands of another, and who, according to their temperament, would feel them selves agreeably relieved from, or painfully shut out from, all interference with the church's well-being. In this diocese the first idea of a representative government for the church arose ; in this diocese that idea was first legally carried but. We have not evidence to enable us to say that the example given here has been copied throughout the dependencies of the British Empire; but the fact is that, since the time they were proposed here, these institutions have been adopted in almost all, if not all, the British possessions which may be properly called colonies. The sons and daughters, too, of Ireland, who look with tender and filial affection to the persecuted church of their baptism, will remember with thankfulness that in the hour of her deepest need she was not left, as she would have been this day four-and-twenty years, to work out a constitution for herself, without any guidance, save that afforded in the separated States of America; but that she sees, in various parts of this great empire, the example of self-governed;, churches, where both the laity and the inferior clergy exercise their full legitimate influence, with the maintenance of a. close adherence to, and in strict accordance with, a scriptural episcopacy. If, in that most ancient of the pure episcopal churches of the world, the fears of the conservative element have been soothed, and the aspirations of the progressive calmed, so that all can work in harmony; if her princely archbishops and bishops, long accustomed to rule alone and unquestioned, can not only preside with grace and dignity in her popular assemblies, but mingle in them as private members; if her highest nobles can meet on equal terms, and discuss their points of difference, with the new-fledged curate or the humblest representative of the humblest portion of the church; if all these elements are found to blend together in one harmonious whole; if her lovers may hope that, as in the days of Gideon, the light will shine more brightly from the broken vessel — may we not thankfully feel that the young Church of Melbourne has passed the* ford before her, and shewed the ground where the aged parent may safely tread. Had the, experiment been a new one, or only tried in republican America, would the Beresfords and the Trenches, the Aber corns and the Bernards, have joined their less cautious brethren, and given to their ardour the wisdom of their counsels and the dignity of their support? But it is not only in Ireland or the colonies that the. move- ment has been felt. We see one diocese after another in England following in some degree in the same. course,1. and calling on all the members of the church to awake to a sense of their privileges and their duties. In missionary work -it has long been- found necessary to employ catechists ; and readers to visit the poor from house to house, and to read in their cottages1 the word of God, have for -many years -pasfr been recognised as necessary, or expedient in the church .at home ; but .it was here, amidst much reproach and opposition, -that the employment of lay men to conduct services under the. auspices of the minister of ther district,- and to preach, was first boldly undertaken ; and now we find this . despised -effort lauded by -the .most conservative prelates, and copied by the most timid;- while with- us some* 'hundred congregations are by this' instru mentality rescued from1 utter, destitution, .invaluable minis ters are trained up for 'the church, and other devoted men, not « intended' for the ministry — men such . as ? those whose energies had formerly been allowed to run to waste, or been used to the church's injury — now. go forth to preach the ever lasting gospel, -blessed -in their own souls, and a blessing to thousands. The finger of scorn has often been pointed at the errors or the incapacity of the few, the very -few,. failures we have had; -but those very failures should : teach us. to ; bless God -that we have an ? instrumentality by which men's fitness or . power can- be tested .before they, are - ordained. ? ? .Th ey . .say that- one-third of the. sabres made for the -British army- are broken in the process by which they are' tried -before a soldier's life is committed: to their temper. Do we grudge the loss 1 or should we wish to relax the process?' No,. surely ! . Let us then 'thankfully trust that-the command, 'Lay hands .suddenly on no man, ''is reverently obeyed amongst us'. . ' . -?' Unthankful as we all naturally are, I am not ashamed of hav ing spent .so much time in looking at our causes for thankfulr ness. We now come to look upon our- wants. What are they? They all ? practically resolve themselves into one — that which man cannot give, and man cannot take away. We have built our churches, we have sent out our ministers, we have gathered our congregations, we have multiplied our instrumentalities; but where are the souls saved? We cannot look into the eternal world to see how many redeemed ones among the departed are in glory there ; we cannot look into the recesses of the human heart to see how many are now worshipping God in sincerity and truth ; but where do we see the outward manifestations of the inner life. How many do we see really coming out from the world, its pursuits, its pleasures, its vanir ties, and delighting themselves in the Lord? I do not mean delighting themselves in pretty pictures and pretty flowers, or pretty imaginings of what God ought to be, and calling that godliness; but delighting themselves in the immortal, the invisible God, as he is revealed in His word. Alas ! must we not cry, ' My leanness ! my leanness ! Woe unto me!' Like the prophet's widow, here we are. We and our sons have prepared our vessels, we have asked our neighbours and they have helped us; and there our vessels lie, fair, and- capa- cious, and many, but they are empty, and where is the -oil to fill them ? No human power can send that forth. The vessel lies in the trembling widow's hand: who shall cause the precious oil to flow forth, and render our church, not like the Church of the Laodiceans, rich in imaginary wealth, but so filled -with blessings from on high that we may know our debt is1 paid, and that our Master may say to us, 'I know thy poverty; but thou art rich.' Beloved brethren, we, ministers and people, start anew from .this day. I will not say, let our doctrinal views be more clear and simple, our preaching of the Saviour's past atoning -sufferings and future glory more faithful, our labours more -abundant, our self-denial and self-dedication more absolute. ?Sound doctrine, scriptural preaching, earnest labour, patient self-denial, we have had, and I trust shall still have — these -and more than these have been to us like the vessels the widow gathered round her. But I woulcisayV let us pray^— pray ?as we have not hitherto done, pray in our closetsjf pray in our families, pray in our social meetings, fill witlv our whole soul's earnestness the prayers of our public services, that the Spirit may be poured upon us from on high, and the wilderness become a fruitful field. Our God has promised to give His Holy Spirit to everyone that asketh; and if we are- barren and dry, if ' the seed is1 rotten under the clods,' if we have to say, 'We see not our signs,' if the word goes not forth with power, if the gospel be not manifested as 'the power of God unto salvation,' what is the remedy? ' Ye have 'not because ye ask not.' - ' Ye ask and have not, because -ye ask amiss.' 'Ask,' and it shall be given unto you.'- . ''The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man -availeth much.' Whose fault is it, O minister, that, your people are cold- and dead? Whose fault is it,' 0 hearer,' if ? your minister is ignorant, or inefficient, or careless? Have you pleaded- with -God? Have you learned to say with- Jacob, -'I will not let Thee go except thou bless me'? If we desire to see our labours honoured, if we desire to see souls isaved, if we desire to see the church fulfilling her work on earth,' if we desire to -see the name of our Master glorified, let us listen to the voice which says to us, ' Ye that are the Lord's remembrancers keep not silence, and give Him no rest till He establish -and till He make Jerusalem a praise in the earth.' ?' SERMON. JPreaehed hy the, Right Reverend The Lord Bishop, op Melbourne, \- at St. Paul's Ohwoh,, on the JSvening of .St.- Peter's Dai/, 89th . June, -18? X., . . ' Whoso is wise, and will observe these things, even they shall under stand the loving-kindness of the Lord.' — Psalm cvii. 13. To understand the loving-kindness of the Lord in the re demption of mankind by his only-begotten Son, and in ; the ssanctifi cation of his elect people by his Holy Spirit, as essential for the salvation of a sinner; and to understand his loving-kindness in directing and overruling all the various circumstances of every day by his providence, is essential for the encouragement and comfort of a believer. The understand ing of the one is to be acquired by the reading and hearing of the Scriptures, which are able to make us wise unto salvation, through faith which is in Christ Jesus; and the understanding of the other is to be gained by the habitual observance of the agency of God in all that happens to us and that passes around us. To them who will take pains to trace out its secret working, there will be discernible, amidst all the seem ing confusion of the world, the guiding and controlling hand of a loving God. 'Whoso is wise, and will observe these things'— the conduct of individuals and nations, with the consequences thereof to themselves and others, the answer of God to prayer, his righteous judgments and manifold mercies— ' even they shall understand the loving-kindness of the. Lord.' But in order that men may observe these things, they ? must believe that God is not only the Creator, but also the acting Governor of the world. The conclusion which is sometimes drawn from the assumed inviolability of the laws of nature, that to suppose God to interfere in any manner with the natural course of events is. contrary to reason, would, if admitted, deprive us of all that peace and tranquillity of mind which spring from an assurance of the ever-watchful care and protection of the Almighty God. But there is really no weight in the argument for such a conclusion. It over looks the distinction between the laws of nature, which com prehends the universe, and the laws of the material world, which -is only a very small portion of that universe. . It. fails to observe, that to. deny the possible action of the divine will in the direction and control of earthly affairs is practically to ignore that of the human will, whereof we are every minute J cognisant. That which every man does in a limited extent I within his own small sphere, it is not unreasonable to believe that the Almighty God does in an unlimited degree through out the world which He has made. There is nothing unphilo ! sophical in the belief — on the contrary, it would seem to ? follow 'as a necessary inference from the innate powers ! of all animals, and especially of man, over material objects —that God exercises an active, personal influence upon all his creatures, animate and inanimate; that He com mandeth and raiseth the stormy wind, which lifteth up the waves of the mighty deep; and, again, He maketh the storm a. calm, so that the waves thereof ?, are still; that 'He showeth strength with his arm, He scattereth the proud in the imagination of their hearts.' And this, almost in its every page, the Bible plainly tells' us that God really does. The present personal government of the world by God, and the subjection of all nature 'to .his will, if not everywhere in the Scriptures expressly declared, is always assumed. The uni versality of his providential care, as extending to the most minute, aud, as we, should call them, trivial circumstances, cannot ? be, more distinctly and forcibly expressed than by the .words of. our blessed Lord Himself — 'Are not two sparrows sold for a- farthing,? . And one of them shall not fall on the ground- without your Father. But the very -hairs of your head are all numbered.' ??In accordance, then, with the inferences of- sound reason, .as well as with .the ' distinct statements of revelation, we unhesitatingly declare our conviction of the providential government of. the world by God — that without .exercising any compulsory force upon the human will, whereby He ? would interfere with the moral responsibility of man, He orders all outward circumstances, from the least to the greatest, in such a manner as to carry out his own designs, and maintain his absolute sovereignty over all his creatures. , Does it, however, .necessarily follow that his people will j be able to trace his loving- kindness in all the events which befal them- in this present life? I will not affirm this. I will not say that they will always be able to perceive his loving-kindness in. his dealings with them; but I will say that they should always expect and endeavour to do so, for it will be perceptible to those whose eyes are opened to discern it. Some, indeed, affirm that we who are under the Christian dispensation have no reason for expecting such a manifesta tion of the Lord's goodness in temporal things as was enjoyed | byihis people under the Mosaic dispensation. But it appears I to me that we have precisely the same reason with them. I 1 can find no 'distinction herein made between us and them in 1 the Scriptures. God is the same yesterday, to-day, and for I ever; and the principles, of his dealings with mankind, I although now more clearly revealed, are in no wise altei*ed. 1 Under the law, the Lord's faithful servants were often sub- I jected to the most severe afflictions, and that for the same I reason as now— -viz., that it was good for them to be afflicted; 1 and under the gospel, they may each one go forth day by I day to their appointed work, of whatever kind it may be, I with the assurance that the good hand of the Lord their I God shall be upon them, as it was upon Nehemiah of I old, and that nothing shall in anywise hurt them. Upon 1 this the language of the New Testament is as distinct and I positive as that of the Old. Indeed, the sacred writers of I the former do not hesitate to appropriate for the use of I Christians the very promises which are recorded in the latter I to have been addressed to Israelites. ' He hath said,' writes 1 the inspired author of the Epistle to the Hebrews, quoting 1 the words of the Lord to Joshua; 'He hath said, I will | never leave thee, nor forsake thee. - So that we may boldly | say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man I shall do unto me.' We may, therefore, certainly conclude j| that God governs the world now, as formerly, in such a ff manner that we, if we will observe, may trace as clearly as ||, the Israelites of old in the various dispensations of providence || the loving-kindness of the Lord toward his people. U The recognition of this loving-kindness is, as I have said, [ essential for the comfort and encouragement, and, I think I might I ' have said also, for the patient, unremitting perseverance in well- ? doing of the believer. Hence the wisdom of observing con- ?? tinually. the course of events which befal ourselves and others. [ 'Whoso is wise:' if we be wise we shall frequently pause to i| take a: retrospective view of the past as well as a compre- m hensive survey of the present, that observing, and thankfully 1 I acknowledging, how hitherto the Lord hath helped us, we may resume our duties in the battle-field of life, confirmed in the assurance that ''goodness and mercy shall follow us all the days of our life, and that we shall dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.' And as thus to observe the works of the Lord for his own personal benefit is the part of every wise indi vidual Christian, so is it equally the part of every wise church, or collective body, of Christians. Very thankful, therefore, am I, my brethren, that God put into the minds of some of his servants here the idea of as sembling together this day — the day on which, from my con secration as its first bishop, the church in this diocese may be said to have been constituted — for observing the loving kindness of the Lord during the years which have since elapsed, and drawing therefrom energy and strength to contend with the difficulties of the years that are to come. May He now be present with us by his Holy Spirit, and make us to feel that ' it is good for us to be here.' May He, while I am recounting some of the instances of his providential goodness to us as a church, impress upon us all our responsibility as individual members of that church to be fellow- workers with Him in carrying out his purposes of love towards.it. May He incline each one of us to say — ' Lord, here am I. What wouldst Thou have me to do? Unworthy as I am, vouchsafe to use me in thy service. Weak as I am^ give me some work to do for Thee. Glorify thyself in me as a member of thy militant church on earth, that I may hereafter show forth thy praise as a member of thy glorified church in heaven.' Of the several particulars which I shall enumerate, some may, perhaps, be thought of small importance; but they all appear to me to have been severally, in a greater or less degree, conducive to the well-being of the church, and, when considered together, to exhibit in a very remarkable manner the loving-kindness of the Lord. 1\. The first which I will, mention is the circumstance of the diocese being conterminous with the district of Port Phillip, now the colony of Victoria. In this, you may say, there was nothing extraordinary. It was perfectly natural that the one should be made to coincide with the other. True, but it was a great convenience to me in the early years of my episcopate, and I think it was of great benefit to the church, that the duties and responsibility of the Bishop were restricted to a compact and not very extensive area, every part of which was easily accessible. And now that the popu lation of the colony has so largely increased, and we are looking forward to the formation of new dioceses, the fact that each, when formed, will have been taken out of this one, and will be bound up with it in the same ecclesiastical consti tution, will afford the greatest possible human security for the permanent unity of the church in them all. Herein then we may see the loving '-kindness of the Lord. 2\. The second particular to be noted is the epoch at which this diocese was constituted. Thirteen years had passed since the first adventurers from Tasmania landed on these shores. Melbourne had already become a considerable town, and Geelong was not very far inferior to it. The pastoral tenants of the Crown had occupied the greater portion of the interior with their flocks and herds. But the entire population was still small, not much exceeding 40,000; and the country might be said to be for the most part uninhabited. Then it was that the late Bishop of Sydney, feeling it impossible, while residing at so great a distance, duly to discharge the duties of his office here, proposed, at a large pecuniary sacrifice to himself, that a new see, the See of Melbourne, should be founded. When first constituted, the diocese contained only three clergymen, but others were successively introduced, until, in 1851, the number reached sixteen, -which might be regarded as almost adequate to the wants of the people. But in that year, only the fourth after the foundation of the see, the gold-fields were discovered, and the whole character of the colony became suddenly changed. Immigrauts flocked in at the rate of fifty, sixty, and even seventy thousand in a year; and at the end of two or three years the number of clergymen bore a less pro portion to the population than in 1847, before the diocese was constituted. There was, however, this difference. In that year the church was incomplete. It had no head — at least, its head was so distant as to be of little use. Hence it had no unit)7, no power of self-government, no means of self expansion. But in 1851 these defects were supplied. Then the church possessed its own Bishop, the keystone, by which all the various materials of our ecclesiastical arch are kept in their proper places, and made to constitute a perfect whole. Then it had in itself the power of receiving additional clergy,, ordaining men to the ministry, and employing them severally wherever, from the emergency of the case, they were most required. Very pitiful, my brethren, was it to contemplate the spiritual destitution of the bulk of the people during the years which followed the discovery of gold; but how much greater, and how utterly irremediable, in respect to our church, would have been that destitution, if the bishopric of Melbourne had not previously been constituted. In its foundation, four years before that discovery, we may surely see the loving kindness of the Lord. 3\. Pursuing the history of our church, we have next to notice its present legally -settled constitution. If we might venture to point out a defect in our mother-church in England, we should say that it was the absence of any, legal provision for the holding of councils of clergy and laity of their dioceses by the bishops. But whereas in England, with its settled parishes, its endowments, its canonical law, and its ecclesias tical courts, the consequence of this defect is only slightly to impair the influence and retard the growth of the church, in a colony into which the church has carried nothing but its three orders of the ministry, and its Articles, Catechism, and Book of Common Prayer — in a newly-peopled land, in which it must create for itself all its institutions, raise for itself all its revenue, and, unless it be content to make use of the civil courts, establish its own ecclesiastical tribunals — there a Synod, or representative Assembly, composed, of clergy and laity, and presided over by the Bishop, would seem to be essential for the good management of its affairs, and the regulation of the various matters which require to be authoritatively adjusted. In the providence of God, such' an Assembly has been procured for us. It will be in the recollection of some of you, that in the year 1850 the then Bishop of Sydney summoned all the bishops of his province, which included the diocese of New Zealand, to a conference upon the affairs of the church, and that they unanimously agreed, among other things, to recom mend the formation of Diocesan Synods. With the object; of carrying out their recommendation in this particular, there was held in this city, the following year, a conference of the clergy and representatives of the laity; and again, in 1854, a second ; which latter resulted in the introduction into our colonial legislature, and the passing by it of a bill, framed after the model of one that had been introduced a year or two before into the House of Lords by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Under the provisions of this bill our present Church Assembly is constituted. But the manner in which it became law de serves our special notice. It had been reserved for the Queen's assent; and as that assent had never before been given to any similar enactment, but had been refused to one passed by the Canadian legislature for the same object, the result was, to say the least, very doubtful. Upon being received in England r it was referred to the law officers of the Crown for their opinion. The then Secretary for the Colonies was known to be unfavourable to it ; but he was suddenly, for a political cause, removed from office. His successor, Sir W. Moles worth, was, I believe, personally favourable to the measure ; but as the law officers had in the meanwhile pronounced an adverse opinion, he felt compelled to act in accordance with their decision, and by his direction a despatch was drawn up to inform the Governor that the assent must be refused. But while this was awaiting. his signature, he suddenly died; and Mr. Labouchere, who succeeded him; consented to re-open the subject for further consideration. The result was that, con trary to all expectation, the assent was eventually given. The' whole series of circumstances forms one of the most remarkable manifestations of tbe overruling providence of God, which have ever come under my observation; and when we reflect upon the many and great benefits which have resulted to our church from the acquisition of such a legislative body as our As sembly, we cannot fail to perceive in it the loving-kindness of the Lord. 4\. The number of earnest and able men now engaged in the services of the church, which is the next particular I would mention, may probably hot appear so remarkable to others as to myself. But knowing, as I do, how great is the difficulty of procuring clergymen spiritually and intellectually qualified to fill important cures even in England, I have often reflected with thankfulness and wonder upon the manner in which one and another have been successively added to the company of my fellow-labourers. On this occasion it will not be improper for me to say, in reference to the Dean and his three brother archdeacons, my two examining chaplains, and the clergy generally, now amounting to 129, that I do not think any bishop can have greater cause than myself to thank God for those who are associated with him in his work. Nor is it only because of the clergy that I individually, and the church collectively, have reason to acknowledge the divine goodness. Those who are acquainted with the business transacted at the meetings of the Council of the Diocese and its several committees, will testify to the labour gratuitously bestowed, and the ability manifested in the service of the church, by its lay members. The attendance of lay represen tatives at the sittings of the Assembly, and the part taken by them in its debates, also shows, that a great and increasing interest is felt by them in the welfare and progress of the church. Moreover, we have in this diocese a most useful lay institution, the Registry; and I shall perhaps best convey to you my opinion of the amount and importance of the work done in it, and the manner in which that work is performed, by saying, that without the assistance which the excellent Registrar and Deputy-Registrar have rendered me in the management of the secular affairs of the church, I could, not during some years past have continued, with any comfort to myself, to hold my office. Other instances of. men in various stations of life, who, by their service of love, have conferred great benefit upon the church; will doubtless occur to you ; but I forbear to mention individuals. Suffice it to say, that, if we observe what they have done and are doing, we. cannot but recognise therein the loviirtg-hindness of the Lord. 5\. Among the chief difficulties of the church in a new colony, especially one so distant as this is from our father land j is the providing of a suitable education for candidates for the- ministry. In this diocese, as you are aware, the ancient office of Headers has been revived. Herein I had a two-fold object — -first, to supply in some degree the lack of clergymen; and, secondly, to test the qualifications of young men desirous of ministerial employment, and make them practi cally acquainted with its nature and difficulties. For both these purposes, the experiment has fnlly answered my expectations. But the beneficial effects of this office upon those employed in it have only more clearly shown the importance of possessing an institution, in which such as had fulfilled their duties dili gently and wisely, and passed their examinations with credit, might quietly pursue their duties for a certain period previously to ordination. For some years of my episcopate no such institu tion existed in Australia, and the expedients to which I had recourse for supplying the want of one proved altogether insufficient. Very glad therefore was I to hear of the estab lishment of the college in New South Wales, which bears the name of the gentleman through whose beneficence it was founded — Moore College. The value of that college to the church in this diocese has not been duly appreciated. Some among us have regarded it almost with jealousy, as though it were an obstacle to the establishment of one of our own. Others, again, forgetting that it is not a school, nor affiliated to a university, but simply a theological institution, have depreciated the instruction given in it. But I can bear an unequivocal testimony to the great advantages which the church has derived from it; and I regard the providing of it for our use, without any exertion on our part, as another remarkable manifestation of the loving- kindness of the Lord. 6\. One other particular I must not omit — viz., the various ways in which, from time to time since the foundation of the . see, funds have been provided for supplying the necessities of the church. At the time of my arrival, the three clergymen whom I found here received each a stipend from the public church money of New South Wales; but no more could be obtained from that source, and either the ability or the will to support their own ministers seemed to be wanting on the part of the people themselves. Then, however, there was felt in England a strong interest on behalf of the church in the colonies; and a large sum, consisting partly of donations and : partly of annual subscriptions for five years, was by the liber ality of English churchmen, many of them persons of very small incomes, placed at my disposal. This enabled me both to bring out additional clergymen, and, with the help of local contributions, to maintain them during the first three and a-half years of my episcopate. In the fourth year the district of Port Phillip was separated from New South Wales, and became the colony of Victoria. This event greatly improved our financial condition; for a considerable sum, of which our church received its due proportion, was appropriated out of the public revenue to the maintenance of religion in the newly constituted colony. The assistance which we thus received came just in time to relieve, in some degree, the sufferings of the country clergy from the extraordinary increase of prices caused a few months afterwards by the discovery of gold. At the same time, the large amount of marriage fees compensated the town clergy for their increased expenditure. In the fol lowing year the Government, taking into consideration the altered circumstances of the colony, granted us an additional amount; and through this timely aid, and the sum subse-. quently appropriated by the Constitution Act, -the clergy, who were still few in number, received, I think I may say, for several years, a comfortable maintenance. But as their num ber gradually increased, the amount which each received — the whole being every year redivided among them — was propor tionably diminished, and they became more and more depen dent upon the people for support. Then, in consequence of the inequalities in their circumstances which . were brought under its attention, our Assembly determined that the public church money should no longer be equally divided among all, but should be distributed in proportion to the necessities, so far as they could be estimated, of the various localities.. Hence arose the present arrangement of parishes and parochial districts in four classes ; those in the first, class being wholly self-supporting, those in the -^second receiving a small amount of aid, those in the third receiving a somewhat larger, and those in the fourth receiving the largest which can be afforded them. By this disposition of State-aid the parochial clergy, with a few exceptions-, have hitherto been moderately well maintained. From the above statement it will be perceived,, that at particular periods, when extraneous help was especially needed, such help was afforded, either by contributions from our brethren in England, or by grants from the public revenue, but that gradually the obligation of maintaining the clergy has been cast more and more upon the church itself; and I may, I think, further say, that while this change has been going on, the church itself, notwithstanding what I shall have to say presently concerning our necessities, has become, if we consider it as a whole, both more conscious of the obligation and.more able to fulfil it. I have occupied your attention so long already with the maintenance of the clergy, that I shall say nothing concerning the erection of church buildings, except that the grants-in-aid have given a, prodigious impulse to our progress in- this respect, and that the number of churches and parsonages built in the diocese, and the amount spent upon them, during the last fifteen years, are, I suppose, altogether unprecedented in the history of our church. Re specting the maintenance of the Readers,' I will only mention that their incomes are provided partly by grants-in-aid from the General Fund of the Diocese, and partly by local contributions ; one member of the church having every year during thirteen years, by his truly Christian liberality, furnished grants-in- aid for no fewer than twenty. These details may have seemed to you needlessly minute; but they were necessary for my object, which is to point out to you what I strongly feel myself, that in the manner in which, under the varying circumstances | of the colony, the clergy, although their number has been con tinually increasing, have always been maintained, we have a striking manifestation of the loving-kindness of the Lord. These, my brethren, are some of the particulars which have impressed upon me, and which, I trust, notwithstanding that I I have set them forth so imperfectly, will have impressed upon j you a vivid sense of the loving-kindness of the Lord towards \ our church in this land. But now. what ought to be the | practical result of our contemplation of them1? What feelings \ ought this loving-kindness of the Lord to excite in our bosoms? | What purposes should it engender in our breasts? Doubtless, j| the first emotion which it should produce in our hearts is I grateful adoration. The language of our lips should be that f of the Psalmist — 'Bless the Lord, 0 my soul: and all that is j' within me, bless his holy name. Bless the Lord. O my soul .- p and forget not all his benefits.' And should not the next p feeling awakened in us be a cheerful confidence concerning if the future destiny of our church? Surely we may expect that, | \\. if the Lord have so helped it hitherto; if He have removed h out of its way, or enabled it to overcome, the obstacles which [:| obstructed its progress heretofore, He will continue to protect i g it, and make it to prosper. The experience which we have ! j; had of ' the loving-kindness of the Lord,' should make us to- t.'.l lift up the hands which hang down; to be not faint-hear feed, |j| but strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. ji| Nevertheless, we should remember that, in the Psalm from fl which my text is taken, ' the loving-kindness of the Lord ' ; I is exhibited in the deliverance of his people, upon their crying- ! 1 unto Him, out of the various miseries into which they had been brought. Hence, when tho church is in any special ?danger or distress, our duty is not, to sit still, and expect the . Lord to interpose for its deliverance, but to make our- suppli- cations unto Him that He will deliver it. At the present time our church is in great distress. On the one hand, never since the commencement of my episcopate were .additional clergymen and readers so greatly needed; and, on the other hand, never were the means for maintaining them so lacking. Not only are large pastoral ahd agricultural districts, with numerous hamlets and villages, in all parts of the country, and even, some considerable towns, left by, our church unpro vided with any religious ordinances, but places which have hitherto been occupied — places with churches and parsonages — cannot now be supplied with its ministrations. At the same time — from the reduction of their stipends, consequent upon the prospective withdrawal of State-aid, and the resolu tion of the Assembly to capitalise a, large portion of what is still to be received — not a few faithful and laborious men, who are growing old in their Master's service, have scarcely the food and raiment necessary for their families. Ought we not, then, to cry unto the Lord? Yes, 'my brethren, while ,we have faith in his promises, wo must pray that He will fulfil, them. Let me, then, beseech you all to make your daily supplication unto the great Mead of the .Church — first, that He will send, forth, for the service of our church in this land, good men, like Barnabas of. old, 'full of the Holy Ghost and of faith' — men in the prime of life, willing to endure hardness, and free to devote themselves wholly to any work to which they, may be called; and, secondly, that He will, by the gracious influence of his Holy. Spirit, make his people among us to recognise, and dispose them to discharge, the duty of communicating of the good things which He bestows upon them to the support and comfort of his minis ters, who, having been ordained to preach , the gospel, are entitled to live of the gospel. If we so cry unto the Lord, we may confidently trust that He will save us out of. our distress. Once more — the Lord's manifestation of his loving-kindness towards the church ought to, make us all to reflect upon our own responsibility with respect to it. We know, the purpose * of God in all his gracious dealings with it to have been that it should show forth his praise. Hence, it ought to be our endeavour — the endeavour of every member of the church, whether a clergyman or layman, whether rich or poor, whether entrusted with the use of ten talents or only one — to the utmost of his power to promote this object. ? If the Lord have given us the means, it behoves us to help the church to show forth his praise in the manner that I have just now intimated, by assisting to maintain and extend its ministra tions, contributing to the support of clergymen and readers, and to the erection of buildings for public worship and for parsonages. Whosoever does not give unto the church a due proportion of his income, or earnings, omits to fulfil a. plain duty which he owes unto the Lord, and the Lord will assuredly punish him for his omission. But it is not thus only, or chiefly, that we should promote the showing-forth of the praise of God by the church; for God is not glorified by the number or intellectual ability of the clergy, but -by the simplicity of their Christian character, and their faithfulness and devotedness to their work. He is not glorified by the beauty of our ecclesiastical edifices, but by the building up of living stones, hewn out and polished by his Spirit into a spiritual temple for his habitation. He is not glorified by the largeness of our congregations, or the attractiveness of our public services ; but by the prayers of repentant sinners, and the praises and thanksgivings of his faithful people. It, therefore, behoves each one of us indi vidually to perform his own part, and, so far as is in his power, to prevail upon others to perform their parts, in mak iug the church to show forth the glory of the Lord by. the manifestation of a genuine repentance, a simple faith in Christ, and the love, joy, and peace, and other graces which are the ?fruit of his indwelling Spirit. Especially does it behove us, my beloved brethren of the clergy, by our holiness of life, our singleness of heart, our diligence in our holy calling, our patience, if need be, in suffering for the Lord's sake, our faithful preaching of the unadulterated gospel of Christ, our maintenance, as far as lies in us, of a pure and spiritual worship in our congregations, our courage, constancy, and long suffering, our Christian wisdom and discretion, so to commend ourselves to the consciences of those to whom we minister, and so to stir up their hearts by our example and doctrine, that the name of. the Lord may be magnified in the midst of its, and that there may be unto Him glory in the church of this diocese throughout all ages, world without end. May the sense of his loving-kindness constrain us every one to resolve that we will, henceforth, by his grace, do what we can; and may He enable us all to keep our resolution: Amen. '',..'? - 