LEON GASIBETTA. The following ia an interesting description of the political charactor of JI. Gambetta and his first oratorical successes, which, 110 doubt, were the stepping-stone to Ilia assumption of the high posi tion which he has just renigncd. It ia from the pon of ft remarkable Au«tro*0«rman writer:—Some years ago Gambetta belonged to the " Hohcinc" of lan% a olass of men engaged in intellectual and artistic pursuits, without Reeking or obtaining any emplovnient, whose cbmpctency has not yet been proved by any achievement of success, but who are content with tho consciousness of their tnlnnfc m«i who UiBpcl the caros of to-day and to-morrow by the pencil, pen, or tho checkered thread of thoughts. To bo on an equal footing with his care leas comrades, lie locked, however, an Absolute want of subsistence, for he coiild half-way live from the earnings of a situation which he occupied at the office of his friend Mr. Luurier, the lawyer. In that post ho did less than it yieldod to him. ZauVier had every reason to doubt the juridical ^ Famulus, and repeatedly told him, You -will never be a lawyor of any note;" and to this complaint, mingled with a tone of reproach, uamhetta answered, "I know it full well." He Icnew, and no did liirifriends and comrades, that the subtle argumentation on behalf of a pickpocket, or Arty other- scoundrel, tho tricks and counter tricks of attack and defence in tlie Court of Justice, would never gain any lively interest, nor attain any mastership with him. "When yet a student, ho directed his whole attention to the political side of question, ancFii-political career was the object of his boldest wishes, of his dearest dreams. At tho Cafo-Kiche late at night, when most of the gue&ts; "were retiring, a set of young men gathered rouifd a table, Khowing by their attitude, demeanor, dress, attitude, and language that they engaged ill mental labor either as author*, lawyers, or journalists AVith a rare fluency of tongue they discussed the events of the day. All of them testified to an .-undoubted aversion to the Boniv partist Government, as keeping closed tho area of intellectual strife*; <ind leariiig to the aspiring generation the. pnly option of nn obscure life and death, or to purchase through defection and treason of one's, convictions the largo sphere of action. Among this.number was Gambetta; silent when questions unconnected with State affairs wero discussed; but as soon as the conversation took a political turn, he then spoke, and his friends silently listened to his utterance*, which, copiously but well-ordered, pleasantly but energetically, flowed with a southern accent from his eloquent mouth. ."When he had concluded, Zauvicr never failed to observe, " Tu no aeras jamais un avocat passable.*' At that time Gambetta was about thirty, all in him showing the full vigor and confi dence of his youtli. His spoeclrand tho flexibility of his voico, which could raise itself to i thunder ing power, inveigled, and drew, and kept the hearer as if taken in a soft, pliant net. The spark ling and fire of his dark eyes, through which the sin cerity of hissouUeeinedtonianifcst itself* effectually accompanied the trip. His whito teeth agreeably contrasted with'the brilliant blackboard, contri buted to the pleasantness of his voice, the slim, well-formed body, tho broad shoulders, tho delicate hands, harmonising with the now soft now ener getic expression of thought and sentiment, of de voting attachment and vehement indignation. Everything concerning the man appeared to be artistic—even his impetuosity kept measure* and carefully avoided anything that might damage the fense of beauty and dignity. At midnight his comrades wont horns; but Gainbetta, along with Alfred Wolf, remained sitting over a glass of punch, reflecting and talking, until the servants began to cleau. Both were the last to leave, Gambetta wont to bed as lato as possible; after the day's work he wished long td live aiid to nteditate» Gambetta, as is known, rose to greater fame through the lawsuit which originated in the mani festations in memory of Baudm in the churchyard of Montinatre, and in Rue Ciichy. Having being chosen as defender by one of the impeached, he discharged lus mission in such a way that he issued from the tribunal as a great orator and a celebrated man. A holy anger seemed to animato him, when suddenly following au irressistiblo inspiration he assumed the rCU of a prosecutor, All iu him waa indignation against the abuses and excesses of the Sceond Empire and its pernicious influences. Over come by wrath and sorrow, ho attacked, mercilessly the Government of despotism, its injustice and oppression of all intellectual development and noble aspiration of tho nation. The public prosecutor, in his official zeal, waa almost overpowered with rage; whilst the President, stunned by the sincere irritation of the enthusiastic orator, did not ven ture to interrupt him by a single word. Tho mem bers of. the Court, the wliole audienco, in fact, were deeply impressed, and breathlessly listened to his vehement utterances. On Gambetta having finished, a thundering applauso resounded from the gallery; but then the President took courage, and in threatening terms opposed the manifestation. All were silent for a moment, during whioh every one sought to recover from the overwhelming im pression. 'l*ho advocates present, and the officials of tho Court congratulated the novice, and tho oldest of them solemnly declared never to havo witnessed before such a success* not even in the best days of Benycr, who, as regards tho produc tion of dramatic effects, was superior to all his col leagues. Friends and foes readily acknowledged in Gambetta an extraordinary talent and power of opposition, and tho Republican party which he joined hailed him as tho intrepid apostlo of a pro mising future. ... However favorable was the general judgment of Ganlbotta's oloquenco, be surpassed the most flat tering expectations by his Paniauiontury speech in the sitting of the Corps Legislatitf on the 5th April, 1870\. The new deputy astonished all who heard or read his speech; Amlyet Gambetta, with the iiulc pendencoof a freeman, had lopresented theRepub lican creed, as being the only one consistent with tho dignity of the human mind. The Mamelukes, acting against their wonted practice of coveriugwith noisy demonstrations the yoico of the speaker when simi lar theories were preferred, listened—captivated by the chsirm of his oloiptence—with complacent atten tion, and applauded the- vyoung orator, who at the outset of his Parliamentary career ha.l proved him self to Ue a consumulaW ma*tel: of doqUence. From all lips, even, from those of the Arcadians, the He publican Miraboau was heard, us they had no hesi tation in calling him. The journals of all shades were unanimous in paying high tribute to tho young hero of the tribune* • iL Jouviii, who made no secret of his Orleanist leaning, expressed himfcelf in a paper well.known for its unremitting'hostility to the Republicans, :in !tho,following < terms on M. Gambettn and his memorable speech:— " It is a glowiiigj skilled voice. It dare say any thing, because it knows to express everything. Tho vehemence of the thoughts, and the intolerance of the principles»-obtaii)» Instead of a restraint, new vigor from'the meA$ttred- moderation, and the rare flexibility of his speech. The young Deputy of the Left, is an unparaUed .aroUor, who first causes the gallery to'admirethe'pure golden plates, with which both ends of tlio bow and arrow are ornamented. The spectators shout "sBravo," and tho arrow di rected with a'skilfdl'hahd "'and' a r'eady glance, whistlos, and hits the aim*' -Jfot two hours, Gam betta could, supported bythc culpable complicity of the Right and both Centres, attack the 'Empiro, men, institutions, aspirations,' and afterthoughts; lie could, lower-tho successes of eighteeu years, be cause they issued- from tlic< race of fear with ser vility; lie dared to brand the abuses of power? and still to enlarge thoir frailty, amV to announce in an unavoidable -future the advent of a regenerating Democratic.Govornment*" ^ - ' Only a short time Gambetta was allowed to peace fully eujoy. the rapidly acquired celebrity. Soon after the plebiscite^which formed the subject of his famous speech, happened tho Franco-Prussian con* troversy, the war;' and its fatal, unexpected turn. Instructive *nnd: striking for the stability and value of human, peroepttous is tho fact that Gam betta, on' working- practically ' for months under difficult circumstances, Jim'put''aside, as impedi ments in hi® way, the ©asonoe of his speech in question; Ou the 6th AprU, Gambetta declared tlio verdict of universal suffrago' to be the only legiti mate law. 4%I assumo,M-he'literally Bald, **that tho country wishes peace,'-that you, who are re presenting it, do the same, but that the executive Power inclines towards war; the last word in this question must bolong to the Power whioh represents tho country, say to tue country itself." This contradiction between principle, and action may-bo explained.by what is the-case with most Frenchmen, or rather the largest portion of men, that, as a rule, the end justifies the means. How ipanyvaro thero who, Use Brutus, wouhl punish with death a victorious general for having trans gressed th'olaw? Government Grants to Free Libraries and Mechanics' Institutes.—It is impor tant that it should ho kno\Vn by Free Libraries that tho 20th instant is the last day for applications to bo recoived for a share of the suui of LI,000 granted by Parliament to aid tl\e' building funds of such institu tions. Tho 10th instant is the last day for' these libraries or mechanics' institutes to apply for a shave of the grant for tlio pur chase of books. The Mai.msbury Ukskrvoir.—\t the Malmsbury reservoir great progress (states the Kyntton Observer, 0th MayJ has been .niado with the sinking of tho large shaft in tho embankment over tlio outlet tunnel. On Thursday it was down to the largo metal pipes and the old puddle stuff was being ex cavated so that the brick sheathing around tho pipes might be proceeded with as soon as possible. Some excellent Taradale bricks are on the ground, and everything iu readi ness to push forward tho work. I t is believed that if the sheathing and puddling o£ this j 1 portion of the outlet pipes do not altogether ! stop tho leakage in tho tunnel, at any rate the embankment and works will be sufliciently protected thereby, and rendered safe against floods or heavy rains during tho coining winter.—viy.\ Mh. H. O. Ahimnau,.—On inquiry of Mr. Harcourt on" Sunday (says the Age) our re porter ascertained that thero was no truth in tho statement, made bv au up-country con temporary* that'Mr.' :Aspinall had - been re moved back again to the Cremorna Private Lunatio Ajsylum. Another Berlin Nuqoet On Thursday afternoon a handsomo nugget was obtainefd by Messrs. Lunt and party in John's grass paddock, which weighed 05 ozs., and was of tho purest class of gold; the lucky iindeiB have long worked at tho Berlin diggings, and their efforts till now have not been attended with success. There is now a rush set into the paddock, and before lung, doubtless, another lilnlp will b(5 discovered, if the shepherds were to work instead of dincussiii" politics, and other frivolous matters, their labor would, 110 doubt, bo rewarded.—Turua 'juUa Courier. A Farmers' Club.—Mr. Win. Scott, at the meeting of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society on Saturday (says the Shir) threw out a very good suggestion to the farmers. At the noxt meeting of the com mitteo of tho society he will move that all the members bo invited to attend a meeting for the purpose of disoussing the propriety of forming a farmers' club, for tile inter change of experience and ideas in connection with farming. This is to be tho preliminary measure. The farmer's elub, when estab lished, is to include every farmer who chooses to join, whethor he be a membor of the society or not. The Rainfall in Sydney.—The iiydney Empire of 1st May, writing of tho heavy rain then falling, which had been falling since the morning of 26th April without intermission, says:—" The amount of rain which has fallen sine® the commencement of the present un settled weather, according to the register kept at the Sydney Observatory, was as fol lows:—Thuracfay, 27th April, 2'347in.; Fri day, 28th, l'800iu.; Saturday, 29th, up to noon, 2-964in.; total, 7'lllin. This amount, though large, has. often been exceeded; for on corresponding dates, April 27, 28, and 20, I860, the rainfall came Up to over 13in. in tho three days, the tables compiled by Mr. H. C. Russell, the Government astronomer, showing that the fall was 2-440in., 5"151in., and7'552in. On the 12th April, 1857, the single rainfall of a day was 5'645in. In June, 1867, a similar fall of rain took place, tho aggregate fall being about 12in. It is also gathered from Mr. Russell's recently pub lished abstract of meteorological observa tions, that these excessive rainstorms usually occur in April. In April, 1841, 20in. fell in one day, the 29th; in 1845, 9"3in. fell in the liist week; in April, 1861, 12-4in. on the 3rd and 4th." The White Man in the Interior.—A few weeks back (says the Argm) we pub lished the report of Sub-inspector Gilmour, of the Queensland native police, who had gone out to the country lying to the west ward of Cooper's Creek in search of a white man, supposed to be one of the lost Leichardt part}'. Mr. Gilmour reported that he ob tained the assistance of a black, who said that a vinie vinie (white man) was in the ground at a waterhole called Wantata, many miles beyond Coopor's Creek, and arriving at tho locality next day, the search party discovered what they believed to be the remains of white men. It was in this dis trict that an aged white man was reported to be living; but the discoveries of Mr. Gilmour were sup posed to have set at rest all antici pations as to finding him alive. However, wo learn from the Dnhbo Dispatch of the 28th ult., that the correspondent of that journal at Bourkc " saw a letter from Mount Margaret, in which the writer, a regular pioneer, and a terror of all blacks, states his certainty of a white man being with tho blacks beyond where Gilmour and his troopers went, and of the determination of the tribe not to part with him. At any rate, ho states that there will have to be a little more daring displayed before he is taken." As connected with this subject it is worth mentioning that a letter from Dr. Yon Mueller is printed in a Queensland journal, in which, after pointing out the steps that should bo taken to follow up Mr. Gilinour's discovery, the writer says:—" Tho public mind will not be satisfied until tho whole mystery of Leichardt's death is more fully cleared up, and the rumour of a white insane man boing yet alive is fully disproved." In referring to the Ladies' Leichardt Search Expedition, Dr. "Von Mueller mentions the fact that " a Bristol lady (a Mrs. Robertson) has continued writing year after year to the ladies' committee to urge the continuation of the search after Loichardt's party, because sho hoped to see yet again a brother who accompanied Leichardt in his last disastrous expedition." Is it a Ghost ?—Remembering the story of "Fisher's ghost," our Now South Wales friends are apt to be superstitious, and even now it is suspected that something super natural is on the tapis, or rather on the " Macadam," in the environs of Sydney. As a Captain Sadlier was returning from Para matta. one evening last week his horse, gene rally a quiet animal, suddenly ("says the S. AT. Advertiser) took fright, and bolted down the hill towards the toll-gate, and that being shut at the time, he struck his head with such force against the gato that he fractured his skull and fell down dead. Captain Sadlier was thrown out of tho gig, but luckily received no serious injury. Tho gig, however, was very much shattered. It is a remarkable coincidence that several accidents of a similar character have oc curred in this locality; two other gentlemen's horses some time back took fright in a like manner, fortunately resulting in no damage; and a teamster, on reaching the spot iu question, was surprised to witness his horses stand still and tremble, and they could not fot' a tiir.d bo prevailed upon to quit the place, although the wrhip was used pretty freely. The tollgatc-keoper also relates that he and others have on sevoral occasions witnessed horses take fright and bolt upon reaching this particular locate. Several of tho superstitious believe that the oauso of tho above phenomenon is, that a pedlar some years ago was murdered in the vicinity, aud Ins body dragged to this particular placo. The nnlrderer has never been discovered, and they are led away with the superstition that tlie ghost of the murdered man still haunts tho sceno where the dastardly deed was porpotrntod, and though imperceptible to tho human eyo, it is visible to animals of tho brute class. A repetition of such like accidents occurring in this locality tends to give some tangible ground for tho supposi tion, especially as the horses which had bolted were quiet, broken long before into harness, and remarkably free from vice. It is high time tho ghost should be exorcised. Death or an old Colonist.—Our obit- ( nary notices (says the Age) record the death of the lion. J. R. Bailey, at Vaucluse, Rich mond, on Saturday last. Mr. Bailey, when editor of the Ballarat Star, was returned' some years ago to tho Assembly for Ballarat West, and he filled the office of the Post master- General in tho Nicholson Administra tion. On his retirement from Parliament Mr. Bailey entered tho warehouse of Messrs. Paterson, Ray, Palmer and Co. of which firm he has been a partner for the last five or six years. Mr. Bailey's illness has been of some duration; for the last eleven weeks he has been suffering from an internal tumor, and on Saturday his illness terminated ill death. Tho funeral will take place on Tuesday, and tho remains will be interred in the Kow Cemotary. Tub Darlikd District.—The Executive of Xow South Wales is collecting statistics with tho view of devising measures for the bettor government of this vast outlying dis trict of New South Wales. Possibly the legislation proposed w ill bo specially adapted to tho Darling. Many of the residents their blame their lion, member Mr. Phelps for his inaction, but if tlioy could only realise the inditferenco exhibited in Sydney as to how colonists in tho far interior fare, politically and socially, it is probablo that tho latter would lutrdly blame their representative as they appear to do. Mr. Phelps has been one of the most constant attendants at tho As sembly until within tho last three months, whon parties therein have been so far diB organised that moro than one-half of tho membors havo absented thomselvos, appar ently disgusted at the political domoralioation of tho House.—Pastoral Times. In round reckoning, the public Troaacry receives from the Queen's property Rome Lo7o,000 n-year, and the Queen receives from the Public Treasury some L3S5,000.— 2%m«. 