WAIfLABOO: SATUKDAY, APRIL 29. The second quarterly report of the War den of the South Australian G-oldfields, furnished according to instructions—as it naively remarks,—-is nothing like so ela borate an affair as that which was herald-; ed with so great a flourish of trumpets in j January. Then the big drums of the ; South Australian press were loud in their praise, and the smaller fry, catching up the echo, shrieked and puffed in a manner apropos to a South Austra lian G-oldfield. The Warden has shewn himself rather more ungrateful | of this kindness than might have been anticipated. He has not danced in re turn to all the piping that was done in ! his honor. His second report is merely ! the first boiled down to a certain consis tency. We submit that the Government, the Legislature, and the press which so piped to Mr PetErswald have a griev ance. He is paid to be the showman of the South Australian Groldfields, and he has furnished a report that is as dry and unattractive as a Bluebook or an Act of | Parliament. Who, having a show to ex- 1 hibit, would pay a showman who is as prosy and as wearisome as a South Aus tralian member of Parliament ? Puff, Mr Petebswaid. The Barossa and the TJloloo diggings want a great deal of gas to make them appear anything like a suc cess. Puffing may not be a very credit able business, but if a man is paid to puff he should either fulfil his contract or re sign his billet. Neither the Barossa nor the TJloloo diggings will be materially affected by Mr Peterswald either puff ing them or compiling a few dry details as a report. We have seen a good many men, one time or another, who have been to the Barossa diggings, and we have not yet met with one who has not been a sadder if not a'wiser man in consequence. Working men who went there usually represent that they lost the few pounds they had previously scraped together. A highly respectable and intelligent busi ness man who lost £80 at these diggings informed us positively, only last week, that every oz. of gold raised there had cost £10. The country pays dear for these gold- fields, which are literally its whistle; and, unless Mr Petesswald wil assist in shewing them off to the best ad vantage, we submit that' a new showman should be engaged. We can think of two or three persons eligible for the situa tion. The report of the Warden commences by stating that the alluvial diggings at Barossa have not been flourishing dur ing the quarter. This scarcely bears out the rather glowing report that appeared of these diggings in January, and this vein of non-fulfilment is to be traced throughout. In- January the Williams town digging " promised to rival anything yet found; some of the crushings obtain ed from the cement having been highly sa tisfactory, shewing four, five, and six ozs. to the ton." Now, we read, that this discovery " has been steadily worked " so, we conclude it has been fairly tried. Notwithstanding, " some three or four of tlie claims only succeeded in getting pay able cement, and the place was being abandoned." This is not exactly satisfac tory, and, as we go further, things do not improve. In January the Mount Plea sant diggings were reported to be " very rich; " in April the men at work only " seemed to be moderately successful." In January the German Beef Co. had obtained some very rich specimens, and following up the discovery, " equally rich quartz was struck at a depth of fifty feet." Then " there was very little doubt that if operations should be steadily prosecuted they will be crowned with success." Now, the Company is reported to be " working steadily " ; but, although the prescription given has been followed, the operations have not been " crowned with success." Not to put too fine a point upon it, the prospect- at Blumberg seetns to be rather blue than otherwise. And, lastly, we come to a number of reef claims and discoveries situated on Bonney's Flat, &c.;, most of which in January shew ed "gold in fair quantities to the stone." In April we find that none of these " have yet had sufficient inducement to erect machinery." Uloloo is alluded to as a discoverv made during the present quarter, but we also find it mentioned in the report for the preceding quarter. We might proceed to a much greater length shewing the contrast that there is between promise and performance, but enough has been said to demonstrate that hope told, by the mouth of the War den, a flattering tale in January. When we depart from the tale of illu sionary hopes running through the War den's January report,from hisbrokenpro mises, ana his not very valuable matters of fact, to consider the inferences which he draws, we come to that which is more amusing if it is not more instructive. In January he lamented the blindness and obstinacy of the storekeepers who refused to supply the diggers with ra tions, going half shares with thein in the results. "We, said he, " have no diggings storekeepers here who can offer such as sistance as this: but it would be very much better if capitalists, instead of throwing away theirmonev on bubble com panies, would adopt this system." We agree with the Warden that if the store keepers would do this there would be more diggers, but the question remains who would find the storekeeper with stores and the capitalist with capital uu der such circumstances? The "Warden might say that the gold raised wouldj "but the storekeeper and mefehants are evidently of a different opinion. The Warden also accounts for the declining state of the Barossa diggings by the scar city of water which, we suppose, he con siders it to be the duty of either the Go vernment or the aforesaid capitalists to supply. This, we may remark, is the burden of the story we get from these goldfields. The Government should pros pect, or find water, or do something or another. The Qawler Times recommended very gravely that a Mutter's gold saying machine, tor which the Editor is the agent, should be purchased. There are a number of persons about, all of whom continue to assert, very much after the fashion of quack doctors in general, that if their prescription should but be follow ed these goldfields would be flourishing. The most direct way to render them so would be to import some gold for them from Victoria. Let the salary of the Warden and of the prospectors he has out be economised, and gold be bought with the money, and spread broadcast over the diggings. Some few men might, per | chance, earn a living then. Mr Petebs "WAiiD argues that as no payable reefs have been found on our diggings, the search made for them has not been efficacious. The soundness of this conclusion it is im possible to question ; but, with the plan we recommend, more satisfactory results might follow. Matty brilliant romances have been con structed from far more unpromising and scanty, materials than are afforded by the great Adelaide Mutton Poisoning case. The " Tale of a Tub," the author of which had to draw far more heavily on his imagination for even the foundation of his story, is a case in point. If one of our South Australian novelists with sufficient ability and leisure would take the matter in hand, by th; owing in just a litile color here and a little light or shade there, a brochure might be produced of far greater merit than the one which is said to have enjoyed so extensive a sale—Dame Eur opa's School. All the accessories that are required are in liberal supply. First there appeared mysterious and enigmatic announcements " to correspondents " in the daily journals. Heading them we divined that something was going to hap pen ; nor were we wrong. Whether this same thing was going to be a coup d'etat, or what conspiracy was brewing we could not conceive ; but now it is evident that there were plotters who contrived to vex the righteous souls of the liege citizens of Adelaide. Before the murder was fully out perhaps the most amusing part of it was that which pointed at His Excel lency. Some persons seemed to imagine that they had a really good and substan tial grievance because Slot James, whilst re ceiving his salary as G-overnor, he should eat his mutton at Robe instead of tailing his chance of being poisoned in Adelaide. The argument was as sound as others that had to do duty, doubtless ; and pos sibly, only the fact of His Excellency being in Tasmania at the time the bubble burst has saved him from being charged in the minds of the wise people of Ade laide, with being concerned in the con spiracy of the mutton poisoners. There can be little question that a most sublime hoax was perpetrated by some person or persons unknown; and other credulous persons eagerly tumbled into the trap prepared for them. The Register, anxious to avoid creating " a panic amongst consumers" forwarded to the Chief Magistrate of the City—the Mayor Elect—a letter signed " X," which stated that poisoned mutton was being sold for ordinary consumption in the city. Here was a pretty state of things revealed! Forthwith the Mayor summoned histrusty Councillors to deliberate upon what steps should be taken; and whilst they were assembling he went to some persons who he knew had been ill, and, of course, dis covered that they had been poisoned. He consulted their medical attendant who was at once " struck with the fact that they had been poisoned." What established the fact of poisoning conclusively was that one of the household often, a Roman Catholic, who was said to have eaten noth ing but fish for a whole week—rather a fishy subject—escaped the poisoning. This was a tolerably straightforward story ; afterwards His Worship was not quite so logical. The poisoned household was a Jewish one ; and His Worship add ed that cattle were frequently killed and sold to the citizens which had been re jected by the Jewish searcher. Therefore he recommended that the Christians should borrow a leaf from the book of their Jewish neighbours and appoint a Christian searcher or inspector. That the Jews were poisoned by the meat it is presumable their searcher had passed, did not seem to His Worship to be relevant to the argument. Perilaps this slight jumble in His Worship's doubtless well ordered mind may be traceable to the fact that since the emergency had arisen he had been dabbling in botany. and toxico logy. He reported the interesting phy siological discovery that sheep whilst tra velling had eaten the native cucumber, "colycinth," the native melon and also the Lotos Australia, all poisonous plants, spe cimens of which he submitted to his worthy Councillors. They requested to see so much learning in print, and, order ing the report to be printed, agreed to meet again and consider it. The storm was, we should imagine, at its height about the time that the Chief Magistrate of the City specially met his sagacious and trusty advisers; for, at their next meeting, one of the Councillors was rude to His Worship after the fash ion of the lady who doubted the existence of Mrs Gamp's Mrs Harris. He did not believe there had been any poisoning. Now it would appear that this Councillor was nearer the mark than his fellows. His Worship had stated that some poi soned sheep were sent to the Boiling down establishment. This " a Salesman'* at once contradicted. The butcher who sup plied the individuals composing the poi soned mutton household came forward to say that the meat in question was purchased of him, and that it was sound and wholesome—an assertion he could substantiate by proof- And so, it appear ed, that the matter would drop, no in spector, whose duty it would be, we sup pose, to eat poisoned mutton by way of experiment, being appointed. The cream of the fun was supplied by some gentlemen of undoubtedly great ex perience, one of whom remarked at "a Committee Meeting of the Agricultural Society that he knew of an eight acre paddock covered with wild melon plants on which sheep grazed from year's end to year's end. Another added his testimony that one of the finest flocks of sheep he had ever seen was fattened upon this al leged to be poisonous plant. And now, we notice, the learned Director of the Adelaide Botanical Society is being cal led upon by some persons to " confer a great boon on the community by experi mentalizing on this plant the fattening qualities of which must be extraordinary to bring sheep into such fine condition during the very brief period of its exis tence !" More men have recently been taken on at the Burra Mine, and the operations will be prosecut ed with vigour. The settling for the Yorke's Peninsula Races took place at the Cornucopia Hotel, on Friday evening. As will be seen by advertisement, special servi ces will be held in the Wesleyan Church, Wal laroo, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) when the Eev. Mr Knight will preach afternoon and evening. The Government remitted £15,000 to the Agent General by the last mail, in order that he might not be compelled to force his 5 per cent, bonds upon the market. Sir Titus Salt, the famous Burton Brewer, has forwarded £50 as a donation to the Building Fund of the Worth Adelaide Congregational Church. Mr H. Kent Hughes, member for this Dis trict, is now in Melbourne, for the purpose of representing the Adelaide shareholders at the annual general meeting of the National Bank to be held in Melbourne on Tuesday next. The Grovflrnment is attempting to arrange with that of New South Wales for the transmission of the produce of this colony across the Border on payment of a lump sum annually, in lieu of Cub toms duties. A deputation waited upon the Government on Monday to .urge that wheat forwarded on the Northern Railway for the relief of the French should be carriage free. It is difficult to under stand vby, whilst wheat is worth 5s. per bushel here, the farmers should not sell their wheat and send the money. The Sessions of the Supreme Court commence on Tuesday, May 9th, on vhicli day Louis Ben tlial, committed from the Port Wallaroo Court, will be tried, and also the prisoner John George, committed for horsestealing. The trial of John Pine, for perjury, is fixed for Thursday, the 11th of May. At a meeting of members of the Scotch Church, Port Wallaroo, held on Wednesday evening, it was decided that an invitation should be forward ed to the Rev. Jae. Roddick of Mount Pleasant, to come to Wallaroo. We understand that a very large number of the members of Mr Bod dick's Church and congregation at Mount Plea sant have recently left far the three Northern areas. Residents at the Doora Mine and township will be in sore straits for water after the close of this week should rain not lall. The supply has been conserved as much as possible* but it will he exhausted by Saturday right. Then, we&uppose;, water will have to, be carted from Wallaroo and elsewhere. We are informed tliat a considerable amount of water has, already been distilled on. the Moonta Mines. Some signs of progress are to be noticed in the township of Port Wallaroo a,t the present time. The draper's shop, formerly occupied by Mr G. Allan, has recently been considerably. improved and enlarged by the owner, Mr Sinedley, for Messrs Blackwell and Co., who hiave entered upon it; and a good and substantial atone dwelling house has heen erected at the rear. Mr Smedley contemplates building two two-story bouses on the same terrace, the ground floor of both of which will be for business purposes, A gentleman from Clare informs us that Mr Ebenezer Ward, M.P., wj^s in that township a week or bo ago looking ot one ox two business sites which he said lie wished to. take for the pur pose of starting another newspaper at Clare. We have not seen anything of the Gumeracha Guar dian for the past two or three, weeks ; but as we have not observed any obituary notice of it, we were unable to say that it was defunct. Neither are we sure'that it is now ; but, from; the fact of its editor and proprietor being on the look out for fresh fields and pastures, the inference may be drawn that if it has not given up, the ghost the mournful event may be contemplated. A very handsome new banner* painted by Messrs Marquet and Brown, has just been pur I chased by the Court of Foresters, Port Wallaroo., ! On the one side are the arms of the order with the motto. " TJnitas, Benevolentia, efc Concordia,"1 and on the other the name and number of the Court. Besides having the merit of being ar&stv; cal this banner is made by Messrs Mar<juet and Brown at a lower price than one can be imported for; and as the Court has had, previonsly» on gala days, to borrow a- banner, the purchase will b& felt to be timely and acceptable. An elegant and valuable silver medal, embossed vrith the tokens of Odd fellowship in gold, was pre sented to P.P.G-.M. K. H. Datson, at the close of the past year, bj the Daly District, I.O.O.F., M.TJ. in recognition of his services to the District dur ing liis term of office. Beneath the emborsod token's of Oddfellowehip -on the medal appears the motto ..of the, order, " Amicitia, Amor, et Veritas and on the reserve side is the inscrip tion " Presented to P.P.GLM. R. H. Datson, by the Daly District, I.OX).JP., M.U., in recognition, of his past services ; December 29,1870." The medal can be suspended by a ring from the dress and worn on the gala days of the Order. Mr Kendall, Melbourne agent for the P. and O. Company, and the capitain of the Avoca, were expected to arrive in Adelaide this week in the Aldinga, with the view of inspecting Lacepede Bay and Victor Harbor, as a port of call for the ocean steamers with the South Australian portion of the English mail. There can hardly be a ques tion that Port Victor, from a South Australian point of view, must be infinitely preferable as a landing and receiving place for the mail, to Lace pede Bay. We consider that the mail might better go to Melbourne than to Lacepede Bay. We, certainly, with other persons, considered that as there was a Courthouse at Cadina, and all the necessary paraphernalia for the administra tion of justice, it was mere nonsense for the Go vernment of the day to close the Court. Last session it was re-opened; but the amount of busi ness doing at it, would seem to point out that not much inconvenience resulted from it being closed. At the last sitting, one fortnight ago, there were no civil cases, and but one on the other side,—a summons for removing timber from the Waste Lands of the Crown. At the Bitting of the Court to take place next Wednesday there are, again, no civil cabes, set down for hearing. The criminal business, as far as is known, consists merely of two Crown Lands cases. The Sydney Mail observes:—" An extract frotn one of the Queensland papers will show that the increase in the production of sugar is rapid ; that mills are multiplying, and the investment of capital in cane growing increasing at a wonderful pace. Nor is New South Wales sluggish in this matter. From Fort Macquarie, for instance, such is the confidence inspired even by the results of tbe past season, that the area will be so much in creased as to make the sugar crop of next season worth fully £30,000." Day by day, as the dry weather continues, the want of water; is more seriously felt on the Pen insula. We notice daily a number of carts at Wallaroo that are constantly employed distribut ing the precious fluid. One of these which con tains an iron malt tank, whilst on its daily devoir significantly and amusingly reminds of the lato election. A large poster put out on the advent of the two Protectionist Pilgrims, Messrs Skelton and. Ulark, was, " The gorilla and the tailor 1 Who sent them up ? The Hart- ful Dodger." One of these was pasted on this tank, which has been doing duty as a wat«r cart daily through the town ever since. Singularly enough, this poBter has not yet been - defaced, bat remains in all it» native beauty, silently but eloquently telling its own tale. An amusing incident is related by the Maitland Mercury :—Recently an official from Sydney was . putting a number of the Newcastle Artillery Corps through their " Catechism," a series of interroga-^ tories framed so as to discover the knowledge and proficiency of volunteer artillerymen in the mas ters appertaining to their duties in that capacity. A number of questious were asked, as to the com position of gunpowder, the date of its invention, and other technical enquiries, most of which yrprp fairly answered; but the questioner poBed the.. whole of the men by suddenly and abruptly tusk ing, " What's the weight of a 24 lb. bull?'" None of them could tell him, and much laughter follow ed his explanation of the obvious answer. We are glad to be able to say that the obligatory Educational System adopted on the Wallaroo and Doora Mines is working most satisfactorily and smoothly. Last week the school tickets of 180 boys employed on the Wallaroo Mines were re ceived at the Superintendent's office, ehewingith&fcv; in each case the regulation was being complied with. These 180 boys, we, believe, represent the number of boys employed on the surface of the mine. On those who go: underneath, of course, the regulation is not stringent, as they work sometimes by day, alternately. But in the in-* stance of every boy. as far as it is practicable for him,, he attends a school. We, (Sydney Morning Herald,) observe that Cali-, fornia is producing beet-root sugar. 250 barrel» of it weredisposed of at 13| cents, per lb. in San Francisco a few months since. This is the pro duce of one mauufkctoryv which cancrush 50ton& of beet per wee^.' The amount criahed now i» 33 to.nai tjhe suga* therefore being 20ft barrels per weelv The- fijbreand refuse furnish, food to> 200 cattle. . ^hp buJk of thje capj&-su^r ccHis«ffBie4 in California is. ipiportedl fem, the- Sanrfiwicbs Islands, Manilla, ajid. Peru, The- importation) •©£ sugar into California in Jj869j ajnpufltedi t&> 58,400,000 lbs. Tftereis therefore, i&pa;); fpr the) product of th$se colopies.if-it bppogsible- fjlr-thft sugar makera to, Tie. with trojjjcal; sugaE-bjpyl: ers. - = ; Wb33NEV£B Peninsula, wants and;. requil"cn)pnt% are brought on. the. tapis, in the- House- of £&?. sembly, it is the cupjqpai fpj;.a,majorityv of thp. sa> pient and eagacifl}^ sfinjat(^^tp; eignificaptly; ufter^ the word asS^^Jiaf security thpre ie» that thp.Peqjflpiija Mines wgJJ. npfc rap out ap.thati, famous min& did.. Mining, not require to, have the diS&cence; between a^jroli, defined, lode, and a bunch of ore explained ^ wb> pity the mas. whose cruel iato v have to. mate hon. members understpndTt&e; dif ference.. The discoveiy of the Dbor&lM;£tie last^ year, and. the finding of a new iode on chp-' Wai laroo Mines property, which promises to be equal; to anything yet seen on the Peninsula, w.ould« seem rather to confirm the accuracy of the state-. : ment we hare frequently ventured that mining int this district is yet but in its infancy, than to cor*-, robe rate the worked out theory. This discovery^ of the new lode at the Wallaroo Mines is Buffi : cient to make even practical men become specula tive. Where it was first cut is within but a short distance of the mines offices, contiguous to the Railway, and within but a few yards of.one of.thft main shafts of the mine.; If then the .ground has been so partially prospected in the immediate vicinity of the mine that magnificent 'deposits of green ore hare been undisturbed there within hut a few feet of the surface,- who would be bold enough to assert that there are. not .half-a-dozen more Wallaroo and Moonta Mines in the dis trict P Look again at the Dodra Mine. This ground was thought to be thoroughly prospected years ago. It haB passed throiyjh several hands, and now, we see that it would be scarcely pos sible to put down a shaft within a square area of ground forming, the Doora Mine without .coming upon payable ore in large quantities. At the Saddleworth complimentary dinner, tho Ancient Mariner, carrying his welcome with him, told of three Totes recently taken in the Cabinet 5 one of £5000 for the comparatively speaking short distance of road from Auburn to Saddleworth ; another for a road in tie district of Xiight; and a small vote for the road trom Glare to Black Point.. Of course, a small one for anything leading to the-. Peninsula; we expect some tiro or three hundred to literally muddle away in the swamps on th& other side of the HummockB. ; We say muddle away, because the Peninsula has no intention of being connected, for all time, merely by a bush track, with the remainder of the colony, and the Treasurer in another part of his speech said ho believed in the extension of railways rather than, in the construction of macadamized roads. It. was all very well for the Treasnrer to purchase a little popularity by promising to place £5000.. on Supplementary Estimates that we confidently pre dict will never be passed ; but, had " his eye not. become dim and his natural force" somewhat "abated" he would have seen the absurdity in volved in placing £5000 on Supplementary. Esti mates, when, later in the session, he tells; us the Government proposed to deal with the whole; Road question. The Argus remarks that—"The address with which it has become customary for the retiring presidents of the Melbourne Chamber of Com- ^ merce to finish up their year of office, was deliver ed at the annual meeting held last Tuesday after noon. The retrospect Mr Blackwood took of the commercial history of the paBt 12 months is by no means encouraging. Some of the unsatisfac tory features by which it has been distinguished arose from causes beyond our control, such, for instance, as the war in Europe, which so affected the demand for wool as to cau«e a decline in the price of this important article of export amount ing to from Id. to 2d. per lb. We may hope, however, that the depression in the woollen manufacturing interest will disappear with the state of things which caused it. But for the steady falling off in general business which the statistics of trade too plainly set forth we have no one bnt ourselves to thank, it being the undoubt ed result of the suicidal mercantile policy which have inaugurated. Oar imports, which in 1864 amounted to £1.4,974,915 without causing glutted markets had dwindled down to £12,493,512 in 1869, while 6ven that greatly diminished quantity proved far in excess of our requirements,causing over-stock ed markets, and all the inconveniences and losses which invariably accompany such a state of affairs. Could any statement of facts—for incontroverti ble; facts they.are—more conclusively prove to what a disastrous extent our childish tamperings with economic laws have been instrumental in destroying our export trade, and diminishing the purchasing power of our own population. In 1870, the imports had suffered a further decline from the previous year of £1,544,828; while the exports tell the same tale, having gone from £13,898,384 in 1864, to £11,242,013 in 1870. There is one remark that fell from the ex-presi dent which we wish we could imprint on the memory .of every legislator—' The best thing, in lily opinion, that the state can do, either for trade or industry, is to let it alone.' Attention to this maxim would have saved us from a whole host of political errors, aud the heart-burnings and losses Mftnltiiur rtipjv>fW»m " «■ •: AMoonta. Mines correspondent favors us with the following:—" On Monday evening, April 24, the /Engineers employed at the Moonta Mines Fit •tingShops (which by the way is now getting a large establishment,) met at the residence of their foreman, Mr 3?, May, to have an evening's enjoy ment. All hands were present by half-past six, and at seven o'clock sat down to an excellent dinner. The edibles were first class, and, after the cloth had been removed, Mr F. May occupied the chair and Mr C. Dutch the vice chair. A pleasant evening was spent in singing several pieces of music, &c.;, Mr May presiding at the har xnomttin,1and Mr A. May performing on the flute. 33eF$l© the company separated Mr C. Dutch pro posed a vote of thanks to Mr and Mrs May and and all who had helpedjn'providing such a sump tuous feast. His expectations had been more thai) realized, and lie hoped they would have many such gatherings. Although he was a comparative stranger amongst them, he felt thankful for the uniform kindness which he had received from both foreman and fellow workmen. Mr J. T. Williams had much pleasure in seconding the proposition. He had thoroughly enjoyed himself, and lie believed-such gatherings were calculated to do a vast amount of good, causing a closer I union to exist amongst them. He hoped they would meet in that way annually, and as to the idinner, he did not expect such a Teally good and substantial spread. The proposition was carried with acclamation, and Mr F. May responded, re marking, if they were satisfied, he was highly pleased. He was very happy to meet with them -on that occasion, and he hoped they would never have reason to be dissatisfied at his;treatmeut to wards them, and that the same good feeling would exist amongst them in the future. After singing the National Anthem the company dis persed about 10 o'clppk all highly pleased. It i6 only right to say that part of the funds forgetting up the dinner, waB a present from Captain Han cock on the successful completion of the machinery connected- with Hichman'e- Engine. The carpen ters and smiths were also treated similarly; and the smiths, I believe, had an entertainment last week which wound up with a Soiree." We have been favored by Mr C. 13. Glass with the perusal of Bome most interesting particulars connected with the construction of a wooden rail way 'which has been undertaken for connecting " the district of Tiake St. John with Quebec. The " length of the line will be about 150 miles, of which 26 miles have already been completed, at an actual cost of 5000 dollars per mile. The total ; cost of the whole line from Quebec to Xiake St. John, including rolling stock, stations, telegraphs, &c.; (estimated on the actual cost of the 26 miles already constructed), is set down atl,000,000 doL The line will pass through nearly 100 miles of the public domain, on which consideration the Govern ment is expected by the company that have built the first 26 miles to take stock equal to one-half of the cost of theertension,payable in debentures bear ing 6 per cent, to be issued as the work progresses. As the city of Quebec is also expected to benefit, the council is to he asked .to take stock to the amount of l50,000 =doL The line will open a large track of good agricultural and heavily tim bered land; and willinduce rapid settlement. The peculiarityoT construction of this line is its cheap ness, from the fact that not a particle of iron is ; uBed, the whole material being wood. The rails ■ are of 'maple-wood, fastened in notched sleepers with maple wedges; the wood is obtained on the line and &awn; by machinery. The carriages, springs, wheels, and other parts'of the rolling stock are made in Quebec, while the locomotives are imported. The whole distance (150 miles) r will be performed in twelve hoars, and this wood en railway is the first of the kind undertaken in the Dominion.—Argus. We notice in the reports that have reached us of the proceedings at the Mount Gambier.Circuit Courfcthe hon. and learned Attorney-General for this colony, prosecuted a man for murder, who re * ceived a sentence of one month's imprisonment for whatever offence he had committed. Mr Stow defended, and'after the hon. and learned gentle man who as -Attorney-General had directed the : man should be indicted capitally, had finished his case, His Honor the Chief Justice Tuled that the charge of murder conld not be sustained. The 1 prisoner then received a month's imprisonment fpr manslaughter. Says the Argus:—"The decision of the Privy Council in the appeal case The Speaker of the legislative Assembly of Victoria versus Hugh Glass has been published in extenso. It reverses the orden of the Supreme Court of this colony, and affirms that our Constitution Act having carried over to the Legislature of Victoria the pri ▼eleges and powers of the House of Commons, has necessarily carried over also the privelege or power of committing for contempt, of judging itself of what is contempt, and of committing for contempt by a warrant, stating generally that a contempt had taken place. Henceforward therefore the people of these colonies hold their liberties not under protection of the law, bat at the caprice of any representative who can get a majority of hie co-representatives to agree with him that some person outside of the Legislature has been guilty of contempt towards him. Anyone who in an un guarded moment may state his conviction to some boon companions at a public-house bar that- Mr So-and-so, M.L.A., is a drunkard, or a glutton, or a fribble, or a fool, will render himself liable to arrest and incarceration on a general warrant. That such a power should be entrusted to any colonial Legislature is highly improper; but that it should be confided to one which lias seen four of its former members committed to prison for crimiual offences, and two others expelled from the House for corrupt practices, is simply mon strous. This, however, is the law, and if the peo ple of this colony have any regard for their liber ties, they will insist upon the Legislature divest ing itBelf of so dangerous a privilege without de lay." A deputation interviewed the hon. and learned Attorney-General, whilst he was in the South East, on the subject of absconding debtors, when the satisfactoiy assurance was given by the learned and honorable gentlemen that if no one else would prepare a bill on the subject he would, himself, undertake the task: Thereupon the deputation, as in duty bound, thanked liim and withdrew. Probably the deputation, whilst thanking this le gal luminary, were shewing themselves to be grateful for small mercies. We do not doubt that Mr Baker will prepare the Bill, as he has prepar- j ed a number previously. We could not under- j take to say whether or not one of these ever did become law, but it would be safe betting, when Mr Baker does prepare a Bill, to giye reasonable odds that it will either break down or be-kicked out before it reaches the Statute Book. As the case stands the hon. gentlemen will probably, when Parliament meets, be kicked out of office, Bill and all. The Brisbane correspondent of the Mail writes : —" There can be no question that although, in common with our colonial neighbours, we have been suffering from a very prolonged depression, commercial matters have acquired a more healthy tone of late, although complaints are still nume rous of * dulness in trade.' Merchants have be come more cautious in their transactions; and although keen competition occasionally leads to sales at very low rates, the losses per annum of our most respectable firms have greatly lessened, and goods are not so much forced on the market as formerly. When the crash of 1866 came upon us, it found almost everybody hampered with liabilities arising from speculative transactions totally unconnected with their legitimate business —a mania for land-jobbing being the chiefest. To my knowledge, men in business- spent hund reds upon hundreds in buying up land for sub division, which remained unsold at the time of the crisis, and is now not wortli " a song." It is, of course, only the old story of new settlements repeated ; but it is curious to notice how totally ineradicable is this thirst for land speculation in all newly settled localities. Within my range of vision now, there is an allotment which fetched £600 only a few years ago, and the buyer thought he had got it" cheap." It was recently sold for £100 by the executors of the deluded speculator. It vras the same with houses as with lands, and although rents have lately improved and are still rising, it seems perfectly incredible to find pre mises in Queen-street letting for £2 a week now, -which were readily taken up for £7, even before they were built; and yet such is the fact: I leased a small house myself while it was in pro gress of erection for276. 6d. per week, and is now letting for 8s. Nor was this anything unusual; it only shows that a spurious prosperity had made us all as mad as a regiment of hatters— though why hatters should be more inclined to lunacy than other tradesmen, Fm sure I don't know. Commercial crises are said, by some authorities, to occur in stated cycles; I hope ou r next will not occur for a century, at least." The surrey of half acre allotments, for which Occupation Licenses are to be issued unto miners, is being proceeded rigorously with in the vicinity of the Wallaroo Mines, sections being surveyed on the South, East, and North of those leased by the Company. We, it would seem, were in error, wheu, after months of anxious waiting, we arriv ed at;the conclusion that the powers in the Land Office were not anxious to carry out the portion of the Gold Mining Bill, passed last session, re lating to the issue of Occupation Licenses. There was a desire, but it was latent; now it is active. And now that their zeal has awoke it is manifest ing itself in various sagacious, politic, and farsight ed designs. The survey that has taken place on. the north of the mine is on a section that is dot ted with numerous miner's residences. Conse quently, many of these half acre blocks will con tain, say, one man's house, another's tank, ano ther's pigsty, and the gable end of another's resi dence. One neighbour having a grudge against another will be able to revenge himself in a per fectly legal manner by applying for a license for an allotment on which that neighbour's house may happen to be situated. The Government that has winked at this method of settlement, al though we have earnestly protested against it for so long, seems now to be determined to put an end to it by what is popularly termed " setting the people together by the ears " as much as pos sible. This proceedure may seem rather inscrut able to some persons, a? we confess that it did to us; but there is a most recondite and complete explanation to follow. It has grieved the soul of the Deputy Surveyor-General to see the miners huts so closely crowded together in this outside section, and he has had it surveyed in order that no more unlicensed occupations should be erected upon it. His aim is to prevent the evil we have so long, and tc so little avail, deplored. It is con sidered desirable, we are informed, that the ut most publicity should be given to this ardent zeal for promoting sanitary welfare, which, to put it1 mildly, has hitherto slumbered in the mind of the Government, but is now being actively mani fested. , We, certainly, can compliment the Go vernment on making the discovery that the popu lation on the mines is too crowded j but the zeal to prevent this evil seems to us to be as jet rather too young to be aired publicly by the parties pluming themselves on its possession. Against light, against science, and against reason, the powers that be have persisted for these many long years in so legislatirg as to force miners to reside in places not fit for pigsties or dogkennels; and now, with the utmost complacency, they walk in to a comparatively speaking sparsely populated part of the district, and begin to high falute on the evils of over-crowding human beings, and the desire of the Government to put a stop to so per nicious a practise. If, instead of performing a fandango, on a high moral rope, over the misery, the wretchedness, and the disease thatTesult from a direct violation of hygienic laws, a survey had been executed of half acre blocks on the' abun dance of unoccupied land in the vicinity of the mines, more common sense "would have been shewn, even if the Commissioner's conscience should have troubled him, as we have no doubt it does, very sorely. We extract the following particulars from the Sydney Town and Country respecting two pro jected expeditions to New Guinea:—"Captain Cadell is said to be organising a party in Victoria, and Mr A; Keith Collins another in Queensland. The latter gentleman, it is well known, has been engaged for years in projecting expeditions, and lecturing, etc., on the subject of New Guinea; and if we are to judge from the following extract from the Queensland Argus, he must now be almost on the point of departure for the scene of his some what ambitious project:—' At length,' says a correspondent of the journal,' there is not merely a probability, but a positive certainty, of the New Guinea Gold and Trading Company being duly inaugurated, from the fact of the volunteers ac cepted by Mr A. Keith Collins, the very indefati gable promoter of the project, having all to meet at Rockhampton on the 15th of next May. The number that Mr Collins has provisionally admit ted amounts to 250 good men and true, which may eventually be increased to 309. Each volun teer will have to pay £25 for his share, and sign the agreement to submit to such rules and regula i tions as may be made by the Company.' The Mail's Melbourne Correspondent writes— Another question which is attracting some at tention in anticipation of the assembling of a new Parliament, is the question of " privilege." The decision of the Privy Council in favour of the Assembly, in the matter of Glass and Quarter man, while it sets at rest the dispute as to the rights of the Assembly, discloses, at the same time, a certain amount of danger to personal liberty, and a constant liability to the perversion of justice, when the Assemblv is called upon to decide in its own case. Unless the trial of offen ces against Parliament is transferred from the Assembly to tlie Law Courts, neither the public nor the accused are likely to acquiesce quietly in a decision wlierein the House has been accuser, jury, and judge. Political feeling will always bias the minds of many of the men who sit in judgment on others perhaps leas guilty than themselves, and any Buch sentences as the accused may really have deserved will only be regarded with a feeling calculated to bring the House into contempt rather than to vindicate its honour. A publican writes to us (Greelong Advertiser) as follows—" I am living in the bush. On Sun day afternoon last I heard a knock at the door. There was a poor old woman who asked me to give her a pint of beer. I told her I could not sell her any, but as she seemed to be fainting, I gave her one, and the poor old creature seemed to enjoy it much. Now is not this hard ' lines,' to say that a poor old creature nearly seventy years of age, should not be allowed to sit down a few minutes and get a little refreshment, while gentlemen can ride in their buggies and have a bottle of P.B. to comfort them as they go along. I should like to see Mr Higinbotham on the tramp wT h his swag on his back on a hot summer's day, and nothing to eat or drink for nearly the whole day, and then get refused. Englishmen are fast losing their caste. I have been in Australia nearly twenty-seven years, and have seen some ups and downs, but never till now have I seen a poor creature refused'refreshment. The old woman I refer to had really travelled on foot twenty miles on that hot Sunday." 