jResuUs, of Blending Maces.\ , TnESaxon stardiness in us of Old England," -lacking nothirig of its robust vigour,is spirit- • malised and refined : il»' jnixtiafS'SiSth the i "virtues'bfSofcliOTi'ijiuewi/bom^. adopts,and, : asit^ B eejf, wilhoutcastiugijff hispwiinatiye. tf orihj .•tho good of many races. Mixed.in England . With the. Norman,and the Dane, in Scotland • with those and- with the Gael, in Ireland ts^with these and with the original Celt, tie becomes the aristocrat i)f the world, and his •offspring consists of as fine men and fair women us ever existed uponearth. 'But, as far ( . as lie is Saxon .only, if left to his own der ' vires, lie-remain's for ever a hewer of wood: and a drawer-of water, altered by civilisation . into a spinner of cotton, or a digger of dol- ' 'laru, according as his habitat is a . British manufacturing town, or : some Eden of the, Western wilderness. • Now, English patriotism '.does not' reside in the Saxon as Saxon : orily, for.lie is by nature a serf, and the son. Of a serf; he cares little or nothing abont freedom,:tind does not understand its meaning, though -hie is well up in the slang of ?e- •volufnonarryagitation, and lends a ready ear • to pblitical incendiaries. The truth is, he does uot want freedom.but he craves for 'equality, because It' is a forbidden' fruitjust as he feels a craving for ardent spirits when fatigued. None but the nobleiand the good, and those who are brought up in a -natural way; really care for freedom, or know what it means; but for all that, it is a passion in fiuely-constitiited natures, like the love of fresh air or mountain scenery j aiid the -noble and $he good would rather die than have it taken from them, whether by a oneheaded or a many-headed despot. The lore ' of freedom is no new love with ns, as'it is . - ~with some other nations—it is an ancestral . tradition, Bourke says, with its monumental -inscriptions and bearings armorial; but it does not come so much from .those ancestors who lost it at Hastings, as it does from those Norman patriarchs whose lance, poised by a handliko a lady's, but directed by an arm like a crowbar, carried victory on its point from the North Capo to the Holy Sepulchre; or those terrible Yi- kinger, who had as good a scat on tho wildest waves as their Norman cou'sitie had on their fiercest horses, and who .have left the glorious heritage of a sea-empire, which, God willing, we will hold fast, in spite of John Bright, forever.— CnorcE SPIRITS.—Acorrespondent, whose •word we have no reason to doubt, assures us that a quantity of gin, in which the' body ofa Dutch captain, recently brought here, was preserved during a great part of a sea voyage, has been sold out of bond, and disposed of to the public as tho very best Old Tom. The undertakers who performed the said ceremony for the defunct captain have been referred to on the subject, but they maintain that, having disposed of the body, they have not the slightest knowledge as to what became of the spirit. This beats the old story of the thirsty tars, who, being out of grog, tapped the admiral's bier, during the rest of tho voyage, kept their spirits up by pouring Bpirits down. -KEEFIKQ A. Vow.—At Cambridge, some twelve months sincc, a bachelor knight of tho cleaver was lamenting his unfortunate lot in the presence of an opulent innkeeper, who, sympathising with the disconsolate bachelor, invited him to his new-year's ball, when ho promised to introduce him to a " nico girl, who would make him a good wife." THO butcher was in ecstacy, and exclaimed, " By Heaven, if you do, I will give you a stone of beef every week for twelvemonths-" On the 1st of January, last year, the ball took place, the butcher attended, was introduced to a lady, popped the question, was accepted, and in six weeks entered the blissful state of matrimony. The promise was faithfully kept, aud tho beef regularly delivered up to Monday last; and, what is more, tho marriage has proved what every marriage should be, a hnppy one, and our wishes aro that it may loug continue such. A TEMPENINCE SPEECH.—We know not where or when we have met with anything in pcoso mnre striking than the burst of eloquence which we are abmifc to copy. One Paul Denton, of Texas, a Methodist preacher, it appears had advertised a barbacue, with better liquors than are generally furnished. When the poople were assembled, a desperado in tho crowd called out, " Mr. Paul Denton your reverence has lied. You promised us not only ngood barbacue but bettor liquor— where'e tho liquor?' "There!" answered thomissionary intonesofthunder, and pointed his finger at a matchless double spring gushing up in two strong columns, with a sound like a shout of joy from the bosom of tho earth. " Thore," ho repeated, •" there is llio liquor which Q-od, tho Eternal, brews for his children. Not iu the simmering still over8moky fires, choked with poisonous gases, surrounded with the stench of sickening odours and corruptions, doth your Father in lleavon prepare tno precious essenco of life —tho pure cold water; but in tho green glade and grassy dell, where the red deer wanders, and the child loves to play, there God brows it; and down, low down in the -deepest valleys, where the fountain murmurs and the various rills sing, and high upon the mountain tops, where the naked grauite glitters like gold in the sun, where the storm cloud broods and the thundor-storms crash ; and away far out on tho wild, wide aea, where the hurricano howls music and iho big wave rolls the chorus, sweeping the march of God —there ho brews it, that beverage of life, health-giving water. Aud everywhere it is a thing,of life and beauty, gleaming in the dew-drop, singing in the summer raiu, shining in tho ico-gem, till tho trees all seem to turn to living jewels, spreading a golden veil over the sotting run, or a white gauze around the midnight moon; sporting in the -cataract, dancing in the hail-shower, sleeping in the glacier, folding its bright snow curtains softly about tho wintry world, and weaving the many colored sky, that seraph's eoue of the syren, whoso warp is the rain-drops of the earth, whoso woof is tho sunbeam of heaven, all checkcd over with celestial flowers, by the niywtic hand of refraction. Still always it is beautiful—that blessed life-water 1 No poison bubbles on its brink; its foam brings not madness and murder; no blood stains its liquid glass; pale widows and starving orphans weep not burning tears in itB depths; 110 drunkard's shrinking ghost from the grave eursoa it in words of eternal despair. Speak out my friends, would you exchange it for tho demon's drink, alcohol E." A shout like thuroarof a tempest, auswered—" NO!" Black- -wood. 