THE MYSTERY OF EDWIN DROOD, [By Charles Dickens ] Crack. Crack. Drack. Slowly on Mr. Jasper's part. Crack. Sharply, on the part of Edwin Drood. Silence on both sides. "Have you lost your tongue, Jack " "Have your found yours, Ned?" "No, but really ;—isn't it , you know, after all?" Mr Jasper lifts his dark eyebrows enquiringly. "Isn't it unsatisfactory to be cut off from choice in such a matter? There Jack ! I tell you ! If I could choose I would choose Pussy from all the girls in the world." 44 But ynu have not got to choose ' 44 Tuat's what I coiuplaiu of. My dead and gone fit'ier and Pub »y'a dead and gone father must needs marry us together by anticipation. Why the — devil, I was going to -ay, if it had been respectful to their memory — could i't they leave us alone ? ' 'Tilt, tut, diar hoy,' Mr. Jasper remonstrates, in a toue of gentl*' deprecation. 'Tut, tut? Yes, Jack, it's all very well for you. You can take it easily. Your life is not laid down to scale, and line! anddottel out for you, like a sur j veyor's plan You have no uncomfortable suspicion that you are forced upon anybody, nor hag anybody an uncomfortable suspicion that she is forced upon you, s or that you are forcad upon her. You eta choose for yourself. Life, for you, is a plum with th-i natural -5T'!, bloom on. : it hasn't been over-c.4rcfully wiped off for you ? ' j%. 'Don't stop, dear fellow, Goon.'^ \ :'jl 'Can I anyhow have hurt your feelings, Jack ?' Sj ' How cau } o i have hurt my feelings ?' jg| 'Good Heaven, Jack, you look frightfully ill! i&'j There's a strings film c une over your eyes,' j'rgf Sir. Jasj er, with a forced trails, stretches out his ^ right hand, hs if at once to disarm apprehension and fe- gain time to get better. After a while he says \ |J-' faintly, 1 !|V ' I have been taking opium for a pain — an agony — that sometimes overcomes me. Tbo effects of .the ♦Jr. \ medicine steal over me like a blight or a cloud, and j1#' pass. You see them in the act of passing ; they will if- be gone directly. Ljok away from uie, Tuey wdl go all the sooner,' jj/; With a scap d face, the younger man complies, by -i'\ casting his eyts downward at the dishes on the hearth. $1 Not relaxing his ova gaze at the fire, but rather ^ strengthening it with a fierce, firm grip upon hiselbow & chair, the elder sits for a few moments ri^id, and then, E with thick drops' 'Ending on his forehead, and a sha^p jf] catch of his breath, becomes as he was before. Oubisso subsiding in biscliair, his nephew gently and assidu i .Ljr. onsly tends him while lie quite rcovers. When Ja« H , per is restored, he lays a teudcr hand upon his nephew's shoulder, and, in a tone of voice less troubled than tbe Jjf purport of his wards— indeed with something of rail M . leiy or banter in it— thus addresses him : rfj 'There is raid to be a hidden skeleton in every ! house : but you thought tbtre was none in mine, dear £ Ned-' upon my u e, «mcit. laui ironic so. uowever, f|f . when I come to c insider that even in Pussy's house — if ?Jf ? she had one — an 1 in uiine— if I had one—1' j- 'I. ' 44 You were griug to say (but I interrupted you in | spite of myself) what a quiet life uiine is. l**'o whiii i-- and uproar aioind me, no distracting commerce or calculation, no r sk, no change of place, myself devoted :-fl to the art I puisue, my business my pleasure.' ' 'I really w«s going to say something of the kind, Jack; but you see, you, speaking of yourself, almost necessarily leave out much that T should have put in. ? For instance : I should have put in the foreground, your being so much respected as Lay Precentor, or Lay \--/? Clerk, or whatever you call it, of this Cathedral ; your enjoying the reputation of hiving done such wonders * Z' with the choir ; your choosing youtsociety, and hold ing such an ii djpendeut position in this queer old place; your gift of teaching (why, even Pu^sy, who ' don't like beiufr taught, says there never was such a =/ master as you aie !) and your connexion.' ?'-% ' Yes ; I saw what you were tending to. I hate it,M 41 Hate it, Jark ?' (Much bewildered.) 4t I bate it. The cramped monotony of my existence -« grinds me away by the grain, llovv dees our service /V sound to you ?'' ;cff 44 Beautiful ! Quite celestial.' f. 44 It often souuis to uie quite devilish. I am so a weary of it. The « choe* of my own voice among tbe arches seem to mock rue with uiy daily rirudging round. No wretched monk who droned his hfe away iu that gloomy place, before n»e. cau have been more tired of it than I aui. He could t-ike for relief (and did take) to carving demons out, of the stalls and seats and desks. What shall 1 do ? Mu&t; I take to carving them out of my he rtV' ' I thought you had ro exactly found your niche in life, Jack,' Edwin Drood returns, astonUhed, bending forward in his chair to lay a sympathetic hand on Jasper's knee, and looking at him with an anxious face. 44 1 know you thooght so. They all think so.' -4,Well ; I suppose they do,' says Edwin, meditating aloud. 44 Pussy thinks so.' 44 When did she tell you that ?' 'The last time I was here. You remember when* Three months ago.' 44 How did she phrase it 44 Oh! She only said that she had become your pupil, and that yuu were made for your vocation.'1 The younger man glances at the portrait. The elder sees it in hiiu. 41 Anyhow, ray dear Ned,' Jasper resumes, as be Bhakes his heal with a grave cheeifuluess : ** I must subdue myself to my vocation ; which is much the same thing outwardly. It's to late too dud another now. This is a confidence between us.' -( It shall be sacriidly preserved. Jack.' ' I have reposed it iu yon, because ? ' 'I felt it, I assure you. Because we are fast 1 friends, and bec»use y--u love and trust me, as I love And trust you. Buth bauds, Jack,' As each stands lookiug into the other's eyes. &n4; as the uncle holds the nephew's hands, the uncle thus proceeds : 44 You know now, don't you, that even a poor monotonous choristcr and grinder of music — in bis niche — may be troubled with some stray sort of ambition, restlessness, dissatisfaction, what shall we call it?' 44 Yes, dear Jack.' 'And you wiil remember?' 44 My dear Jack, I only ask you, am I likely to for get what you h tve said with so much feeling ?' 44 Take it as a waruiog, then.' In the act of having his hands released, and of mov ing a step back, Edwin pauses for an instant to con sider the application of these last words. The instant over, he sayp, sensibly touched : #tI am afraid I am but a shallow, surface kind of fellow, Jack, and that my headpiece is none of the best. But I needn't say I am young ; and per haps I shall not 3 row worse as I grow ol ler. At all events, I hope I have something impressible within me, which feels- deeply feels — the disin terestedness of your painfully laying your inner self bare, as a warning to me.' Mr. Jasper*B steadiness or face and figure becomes so marvellous that his breathing seemB to have stopped. 44 1 couldn't fail to notice, Jack, that it cost you a great effort, and that you were very much moved, and very unlike your usual self. Of course I knew that you were extremely fond of me, but I really was net prepared for your, as I may say, sacrificing y oar- self to me. iu that way.' Mr. Jasper, becoming a breathing man again with out the smallest stage of transition between the two extreme states, lfts his shoulders, laughs, and waves his right arm. '4 No ; don't put the sentiment away, Jack ; please don't ; for I am very much in earnest. X have no doubt that that unhealthy Btate of mind whioh you have so powerfully described is atteudod with some real suffering, and is hard to bear. But let siereaBsure you, Jack. :is to the chances of its over coming me. I don't think I am in the way of it. In some few months less than another year, you know, I shall carry Pussy off from school as Airs. Edwin Drood. I shall then go engineering into the East, and Pussy with me. And although we have our little tiffs now, arising out of a certain unavoidable flatness th»t attends our love-making, owing to its end being all settled beforehand, still I have ne doubt of our getting on capitally then, when it's done und can't be helped. In short. Jack, to go back to the old song I was freely quoting at dinuer (and who knows old songs better than you !), my wife shall dance and sing, so merrily pass the day. Of Pussy's being beautiful there catinot be a doubt ; — and when you are good besides, Little Miss Impudence,' once more apostrophising the por trait, 'III burn your comic likeness and paint your i music-master another.' I Mr. Jasper, with his hs-nd to his cbin, and with an expression of muting benevolence on his face, has attentively watch' d every animated look and gesture attending the delivery of these words. He remxins in that attitude after they are spoken, as if in a kind of fascination attendant oh his strong interest in the youthful spirit that he loves bo welL Then, he says with a quiei smile : 41 You won't be warned, then?' 44 No, Jick ' 'You can't be warned, then ?' 44 No Jack, not hy you. Besides that, I don't really consider myself in 'lunger, I don't like your putting yourself in that podtion.' ! 'Shall we go and walk in the churchyard?' 'By all means. You won't mind me slipping out of it for half a moment to the Nuos' H-»ukc, and leav. ing a parcel there? Ouly gloves for Pus»y ; a* many pairs of 'cloves as she is yeais old today. Rather poetical, J«ck?' Mr. Jasper, of ill in the f'me atti'udc, murmurs: ' 1 Nothing half so »weet in life,' Ned !' ' H«re'u tl e paicel in my preatci'at packet. They m~-st 1 e pres n {'-night, or the poetry is poie. I'ts again t regulations for uje to call at night, but not to lea-ea packet. I am re«dy, Jack !*' Mr. Jasper dt. s jives his attitude, end they go out together. Cbaptke m.— The Nous* Hodse. For sufficient reasons which this narrative will itself unfold as it advances, a fictitious name must be bestowed upon tbe old Cathedral town. Let it stand iu these pages as Cloisterham. It was once possibly kno^n to the Druids by another nsme, and certainly to the Romans hy another, and to tli6 S»xnns ly another, and to the Not mans by acotaer ; ^ and a name more or lefs in the courte of many centuries cau be of little moment to itsdusty chronicles. An ancient city, Cloisterham, and no meet dwell ing-p'a:e for anyone with hankerings after the itoi«y world. A monotonous, silent city, deriving an earthly flavour thioughout, from its cathedral crypt, and so abounding iu vestiges of monastic graves, that the Cloiaterham children grow small salad in the dust of abbots and abhenses, and make dirt-pies of the nuns aud friars ; while every ploughman in its outlying fields renders to ouce puissant Lord Treasurers, Arch* bishops. Bishops, aud such-like, tbe attention which tbe Ogre in the story-book desired to render to his unbidaen visitor, and gtinds their bones to make his I re^L A drowsy city, Cloisterham, whose inhabitants seem to suppose, wilh an inconsistency more strange than rare, that all its changes lie behiud it, and that there are no more to come. A queer moral to derive from antiquity, yet older than auy traceable antiquity. So silent are tbe streets of Cloisterham (though prone to echo on the smallest provocation), that of a sumtner dny the sunblindB of its shops scaice dare to fi hp in the south-wind ; while the sunbrowned tramps who pass along and stare, quicken their limp a little, that they may the sooner get beyond the confines of its oppres sive respectability. This iB a feat not difficult of achievement, seeing that the streets of Cloisterham city are little more than one narrow street^ by which you get into it and get out of it; the vest beiug mostly disappointing yards with pumps in them, and no thoroughfare — exception made of .the Cathedral -close, and a paved Quaker settlement, in colour aud general ojuforiuation very like a Quakeress's bonnet, up in a ehadv corner. Iu a word, a city of another and bygone time is Cloisterham, witkits hoarse cathedral bell, its hoarse . rooks hovering about the Cathedral towt r, its hoarser aad less distiuct rooks in the stalls far btneith. Frag ments of old wall, saint's obapel, cUapter-house, convent, and monastery, have got incongruously or obstructively built into many of its houses and gardens, much as kindred jumbled notions nave become incorporated into many of its citizen's minds. All things in it are of the past. Even its single pawn broker takes in no pledges, nor has he for a long time, but offers vainly an unredeemed stock for sale, of which the costlier articles are dim and pale old watches apparently in a slow perspiration, tarnished Bugar tongs with ineffectual legs, and odd volumes of dismal books. The most abundant and the most agreeable evidences of progressing life in Cloisterham, are the evidences of vegetable life in its many gardens , ; even its drooping and despondent little theatre has its poor strip of garden, receiving the foul fiend, when he ducks froui its stage into the infernal regions, among scarlet beans or oyster- shells, according to the season of the ye*r. Iu the midst of Cloisterham stands the Nuns' House; a venerable brick edifice whose present appellation is doubtless derived from tbe legeud of its conventual uses. On the trim gate enclosing its old courtyard, is a resplendent bras-} plate flashing forth the legeud : 'Seminary for Young Ladies. Miss Twinkleton.' The houi-e-'ront is so old and worn, and the brass plate is so 6biuiog and staring, that the general result has reminded imaginative strangers of a battered old beau with a large modern eye-glass stuck in his blind eye. Whether the nuns of yore, being of a submissive rather than a stiff-necked generation, habitually bent their contemplative heads to avoid a collision with the beams in the low ceilings of the many chambers in their house ; whether they sat in its loug bow windows, telling their beads for their mortification instead of making necklaces of them for their adornment ; whether they were ever walled up alive in odd angles and jutting gables of the building for having some ineradicable leaven of busy mother Nature in them which has kept the fermenting world alive ever siuce ; these may be matters of interest to its hauntiug ghost (if any,) but constitute no item in MisB Twinkleton'u half yearly accounts. They are neither of fllxeB Twinkle ton's inclusive regulars, nor of her extras. The lady who undertakes -the poetical department of the estab* lishment at so much (or so little) a quarter, haB no pieces in her list of recitals bearing on such unprofit able questions. As, in some cases of drunkenness, and in others of animal nnguetism, there are two states of conscious- i ness which never clash, but each of which pursues its separate course as though it were continuous instead of broken (thus if I hide my watch when I am drunk, I must be drunk again before I cm remember where), so Miss Twinkleton i has two distinct and separate phaseB of being. 1 I Every night, the moment the young ladies have | retired to rest, does Miss Twinkleton smarten up her I ! cutis a little, brighten up her eyes a little, and become ; a Bprightlier Miss Twinkleton than the young ladies I have ever seen. Every night, at tbe same hour, does Miss Twinkleton resume the topics of the previous night, comprehending the tender scandal of Cloister hum, of which she has no knowledge whatever ! by day, and references to a certain season at Tunbridge Wells (airily called by Miss Tw.nkle tun in this state of her existence 'The Wells'), notably the Beason wherein a certain finished gentle* man (compassionately called by Miss Twinkleton in this state of her existence, 44 Foolish Mr. Porters') revealed a homage of the heart, whereof Miss Twin k eton, iu her scholastic 6tate of existence, is as igno rant as a granite pillar. Miss Twinkletou's companion jnbith states of existence, and tqually adaptable to cither, is one Mrs. Tisher : a deferential widow with a wenk back, a chronic sigh, and a suppressed voice, who lo -k* after the young ladies' wardrobes, and leads them to infer that she has seen better days. Perhaps this is tbe reason why it is an article of faith with the ser vants, handed down from race to race, that the depar ted Tisher was & hairdresser. The pet pupil of the Nuub' House is Miss Rosa Bud, of course called Bosebud ; wonderfully pretty, won derfully childish, wonderfully whimsical. An awk ward interest (awkward because romantic) attaches to Miss Bud in the minds of the young ladies, on account of its being known to them that a husband has been choscn for her by will and bequest, and that her guardian is bound down to bestow her on that hu&baud; when he comes of age. Miss Twinkleton, in her seinin arial state of existence, has combatted the romantic aspect of this destiny by affeoting to shake her head over it behind Miss Bud's dimpled shoulders, and to brood on tbe unhappy lot of that doomed little victim. But with no better effect— possibly some unfelt touch of foolish Mr. Porters has undermined the endeavour— than to evoke from the young ladies an unanimous bedchamber cry of ' Oh ! what a pretending old thing Miss Twinkleton is, my dear !' The Nun's House is never in such a state of flutter as when this allotted husband calls to see little Rosebud, (It i- unanimouslly understood by the young ladies that tie is lawfully entitled to this privilege, and that if Miss Twinkleton disputed it she would be instantly taken up and transported.) When his ring at the gate bell is expected, or takes place, every young lady who can, under any prett nee, look out the window, looks out of the window : while every young lady who is 'practis- ing,' practises out of time ; and the French class is so demoralized that the Mark-goes round as briskly as the bottle at a convivial party in the last century. On the afternoon of the day next after the dinner of two at the Gate House, the bell is rung with the usual fluttering results. 44 Mr. Edwin Drood to see Miss Rosa.' This is the announcement of theparlour-uaid in chief Miss Twinkleton, with an exemplary air of melancholy on her, turnB to the sacrifice, and says : 44 You may go down, my dear.' Miss Budgoes down, followed by all eyes, Mr, Edwin Drood is waiting in Miss Twinkleton's own parlour : a dainty room with nothing more dirtctly scholastic in it than a terrestial and a celestial globe. These expressive machines imply (to parents and guar dian*) that even when Bliss Twinkleton retires into the bosom of privacy, duty may at any moment com^l her to - ecome a sort of Wandering Jewess, scouring the earth and soaring through the skies in search of know ledge for her pupils. The last new maid, who has never seen the young gentleman Miss RoBa is engaged to, and who is making his acquaintance between the hinges of the open door, left-open for the purpose, stumbles guiltily down the kitchen stairs, as a charming little apparition with its face concealed by a little silk apron thrown over its head, glides into the parlour. 44 Oil! It is so ridiculous !' says the apparition, stopping and shrinking. 'Don't, Eddy !' Dout what, Rosa?' ' TYm'fc AomA nnv naaror tJaobo Tt. ia BV.n^ ' 44 What is absurd, Rosa?' 1 44 Tbe whole thing is. It is so absurd to be an i engaged orphan ; and it is so absurd to have the girlB and the servants scuttling about after one, like mice in tbe wainscot ; and it is so absurd to be called upin 1' Tbe apparition appears to have a thumb in the corner of it« mouth while making this complaint. ' You give me au affectionate reception, Pussy, I must Ray.' 44 Well, I will in a minute, Eddy, but I can't just yet How are you?' (very shortly.) 44 1 am unable to reply that I am much the better for seeing you, Pussy, inasmuch as I see nothing of you.' This second remonstrance brings a dark bright pout ing eye out from a corner of the apron ; but it swiftly becomes invisible again, as the apparition exclaims 44 Oh ! Good Gracious, you have had half your hair cut off !' 44 1 should have done better to have had my head cutoff, I think,' says Edwin, rumpling the hair in question, with a fierce glance at the looking-glass aud giving an impatient stamp, 44 Shall I go ?' 44 No ; you needn't go just yet, Eddy, The girls would aU be asking questions why you went.' 44 Once for all, Rosa, will you uncover that ridicul ous little head of yo.urs and give me a welcome ?' The apron is pulled off the ohildish heal, rs its wearer replies 4' You'i« very welcome, Eddy. There ! I'm sure thatV nice. Shake hands. No, I can't kiss you, because I've got an acidulated drop in my mouth.' 44 Are you at all glad to nee me. Pussy f 'Oh, yes, I'm dreadfully glad,— Go and sit down. — Miss Twinkleton.' (TO BE CONTINUED.) 