CENTENARY OF SIR "WALTER SCOTT. i Entertainment at Stanley. ! Tuesday last, the day on which the cen- tenary of Sir Walter Scott was celebrated in many places, not in Victoria only, but throughout the world, received no special recognition in the Beechworth . part of these districts, except; in ocaniey. incre, a mixed musical and literary entertainment was given in aid of the funds of the local Athenamm' and like most matters the Stanley people take up in earnest, it was a great success. In spite of the muddy condition of the roads and the extreme darkness of the night, there were nearly 150 people present, and they formed a most kindly and appreciative audience. Mr David Lorimer occupied the chair, and in a few brief but most appropriate words, referring to the. nature of the anni versary, and the special object of the gathering, introduced the various performers. The first item of the programme was an overl tnre, very well rendered, by Mrs Palmer on the piano, and Messrs F. and H. Hollister on the flute and piccolo respectively. The glee " Mark the Merry Elves," followed. It was given admirably by the Messrs Hollister, aud Messrs J. and S. Robinson, to whom also the audience were indebted for the other concerted vocal music, to be hereafter noted. Mr H. S Smith then read the now well-known verses by Bret Harte, entitled "John Burns of Gettysburg," and also " That Heathen Chinee," both of which elicited considerable applause. Mr Macpberson sang, " There's No thing Succeeds like Success," with good voice and in excellent taste, and the same phrases will apply to a duet "On the Bine Wave," by Mrs C. Dyring and Mr H. Hollister. After Mr J. L. Matheson had mildly mur dered Charles Dickens's well-known "Blooms- bury Christening," which the audience good- naturedly allowed him to finish, " A Bridal Song" was very sweetly sung by Mrs Scott, and this was followed by a good song from Mr H. Hollister. Mr Robinson gave a capital reading of " The Yankee's Courtship," which caused a good many blushes, especially when the abominable word " kissing" was men tioned. All the young ladies present seemed very much shocked. The first part of ' the entertainment closed with the very pretty " Gipsy's Chorus," by the gentlemeu named above, which was loudly applauded. An overture on the same instruments, and by the same performers as that in the first part opened the second,' and .the glee " How Mer rily we Live" followed, both being good. Miss Drew then . sang a charming song, called in the programme "Jenny Blake." in a very charming way, and was obliged, in answer to an irresistible encore, to sing another son" which was equally well received. Mr F. Hollister was really admirable in his song of "Paddy's Letter," and he also was compelled to put in another appearance, when he changed his brogue to broken German, and in a series of well-sung verses enquired of mankind in general, and the audience in .particular, " Oh, vy did mylofe run avay." He received no answer to this question. Mr Eggleston gave . a good reading of "Dow's Flat," and " 'Miss Cheaton and Mr H. Hollister, a capital rendering of the duet "By" the summer sea." . Mr' H., S. Smith next greatly . entertained "the audience with a musical version of the "woes of an unfor tunate wight, whose wife arid children had gone music-mad, aud being re-called, gave another song, which was even more heartily .applauded. Mr "W. Milne, of-Beechworth, then gave the best rendered reading of the eveniu". It consisted of two of -Tom Hood's shorter poems, and was delivered with a vast amount of quiet humor, which the audience highly appreciated. Mr Eggleston introduced " Three little ghosts" (and very odd little, comical ghosts too) to the company. The song was illustrated by some remarkably clever water- colour sketches executed on a large scale by the singer. himself, ty whom also the words of the song were composed. Both wero highly creditable to that gentleman, and the au Hence was delighted. Miss Cheaton in a very sweet voice, and in very good style, sang " There's as good fish in the sua, as ever yet were caught." It could not fail to- receive an encore, and thfryoung lady gave an equally good song in response. Tlie chairman at this st ige stated that the committee of tlse Athenienm from a feeling of gratitude for the many services rendered to the ' institution, by the Messrs Hollister, had decided to give those gentlemen a complimentary benefit entertain ment, about 29 th September next. Mr Lorimer emphatically : contradicted certain rumors, which he said were afioat, attributing sordid motives to the 'Messrs Hollister in the invaluable aid they had given to the various entertainments. They had never asked nor over received a solitary farthing on such, occasions, and he believed that no other two men in the district had rendered the institu tion such valuable services. He felt sure that there would be an overflowing house on the occasion to which he had referred. The glee " Here in cool grot," and a song well given by Mr McPherson, called "Never look behind, hoys," brought the entertainment to a close. In spite of the lateness of the hour, — and, somehow, people are always late at Stanley — a very pleasant dance was got up, and perse vered in for several hours. We need hardly "say that throughout the entertainment the services of Mrs Palmer at piano and harmo nium were invaluable. 