AN UP-COUNTRY GHOST. They have a ghost senaa ion up at Maryborough. The story runa ihat a tall fiaurs in white has of late made its appearanes near Oidding's in the vicinity of Princes' Park It is habited in tha dress of a female, and 6tands for hours immovoble. and trans, fixed to onespot. NrXt it waa seen about Blackmau's L-ad, and lastly it has—or something very much like 't—turned op near the reservoir. It has Severely frightened numerous individuals, snd almost preformed ihe miracle of cbanKiag the Ethijp's skin. Tbe police havs been sf er ir, but have not succeeded in catching it yet. A. blackfrllow. who had evidently bs n very mu.h agitated about something ot tbe kind, appeared brfire tha Maryborough Police O.iurt on Monday m 'mine, fna complaint of the cinduct of th- ghost, bat his Worship (Mr Joice) said he could do nob ting for him, and advised him to catch i:. — Maryborough Advertiser. The Daily Neva correspondsnt before Metsrepo-tl a eood stury, tola ata birtnday party in o«mp : "The 1 -Ik tell once upon the causes of tbe French defeats, and af er various explanations had been started, a BenteDiious prsmisr lieutensnt, who had not pre- >iously opened hit mouth, s ruakin with this original illmtratim and very sound theory—'-Tt.e chi f rabbi ot ih» Dintzic Jews had taken a new bouse, and his flock determined to stock his wina butt for him. An • veriing was sat apart for the sff nr, aud one sftrr sno her tb* Jewi went down into tLs cellar and emptied sash his bottle into the big vat. When th; rabbi oat&a; next day to draw off bis dinner wine ho fou'id there was nothing in ths «>sk but water. K-.ch .nd every Jew had said to himself thdt one battle ot water ooulJ nev-r bs noticed in so great a quantity of wina, aud all acting up 10 this, the rabbi had nnl got a drop of wins in bis butt Now it was just tbe same with the French srmy. One soldier «aid to himself t' at it w tt'd rot matter a copper if he anssk-daway; in eo great a multitude ha wjuld not be missed. But ths detil of it was that one and all took this line of reasoning, and the result was thLt nobody was left to look our battalions in the face." Four hundred and forty-six immigrants arrived on Wednesday, says the Age. by the ship Essex, from London, and will, immediately after the commis- sioners have held their usual inspection, be landed at Williamstown, and conveyed thence by train to Melbourne, when they will be accommodated at the depot for a certain length of time. They are all, with the exception of eleven single women, under the bounty warrant system, and are classified as follows:—Married people, 88; single women, 160; single me, 108; children 73, and infants 17, being three more than were embarked at Plymouth, there having been five births on the passage, but two of them died shortly after coming into life. The passengers one and all are in excellent spirits, and have enjoyed good health, which speaks highly for the ventilation and clean lines of the ship thereby reflecting credit on those having her supervision, one of the principal of whom is Dr John O'Oonnell, the surgeon superintendent. Captain Hodder and his officers are also entitled to praise for the splendid order in which they have brought their ship into port. The only notable incident that occurred on the passage was the sight of a large iceberg, on the 2nd inst, in 43 deg south, and 58 deg east. It was supposed to be about 100, feet above the level of the water, and 500 feet long rather a dangerous island to run against, and goes to show that even as low as 43 degrees a good look out is requisite. The one alluded to was first seen at four o'clock in the morning, and was passed very close. A notion has gone abroad that the Essex just arrived is the well-known ship of that name belonging to Messrs Money, Wigram and Sons' line. To prevent mistakes it may as well be mentioned that such is not the case, this one being one of Messrs George Marshall and Sons' line. 