(featnincr anir Cimcs. SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1871. WE have never been of those who could see no good in the present mem ber for Warwick. On the contrary, we believe him to be sometimes of a moderate utility, although almost as: olien in a reverse direction to that which he intends; and in these days we are disposed to be thankful lor email mercies. The honorable mem- j ber has just been more than ordinarily useful. On the 13th instant he ob tained an. order from the Legislative Assembly to have laid on the table of the House "copiesof correspondence .«'«between the SECRETARY FOB PUBLIC I .. WORKS akv GOLD FIELDS and the ,'J G?IJ> GouuresioNBa (or Lucky Val " ley, on the subject of agricultural j " lenses on gold fields" (which our readers will find at length in another Column). These papers have been tannled, and we have derived not a ihtle information from their perusal. We'really bes to tender our best thanks to Mr, MORGAN for the instruc-, tion and ftmuiement he has been the j , instrument in procuring, and we shall I ': ^nSeayo* as well as we can, and per-1 hfcpB better here than from tbe papers j themselves, to make our readers par-j . in our pleasure. < . ] Pn; tbe I3th January laet circulars weraistoed from the Department of PuhUc "Worksto tbe several Commia- { sioneMof Gold Fields throughout the colony, enclosing thpm copies of the WH Pickle Homestead Act of 1870, liad givltig ibera instructiorjs jfor their giiiifcace in its administration. "I am «i^ru<rt^''-ri wtioU> Mr. Hs&BBKX;, . the^njJer-Secretary-"to request you *. mike ^Ourielires thoroughly con-j ..v.«'irer«U»t with i|B provisions, which it 41 will to your duty to administer, and i ?44 farther, that you will report to this ^department any suggestions as to the the ^Act Wbich your ex t"gold fields under; mjgr enable you to! Others the Gold; $rat sent to. j iff.. JjarotAia took t both the Acc and the he * on the 13th Feb tmittm vnrote-^" I hara given due &t; est£|teb&fft;>instructions and to the t '-fWlttWei. This doe i-i f&MwQDf; iWHrever, was productive of dpttbt; v^i9 Act in (yiettion required tbwi one bnndred 41 diall have 'fiferiod of not leas fiold to <W oi its provisions d.. Mr. 8inoi.aib, with ^ r- »nxietv for accuracy, the "six the. month# the Jitof March Jthen nfext toanjperiod ofgixmonths hundred or more ItreiMeniic&ttled; there doubtii^JiHftifiable, for, ~ JB, "If the «ix iirol»^frideTrt<>od.W "those djrfiftcedtng the 1 st March , not she of the ?thu district con $4£ti$0f number of author ' ^.thilzealoui accuracy , .jitte Attoriiey-Genewil was red to,4.ad on the 1st of March six *? >nJor,B lease wag duly for ,0 Wr.<SlNQL A1K. : But «n the 3)£forethat ;pffieer could have ipto&ibf; his doubts, he . w m and letter applied ibw'forms ofapjriicfttion for lease ,%n J» had already telegram lie «ji " Mtatt of ta^Cftnti.1,re<ih the fetter be '' ret&t;'io having had "several applica moreover in another letter the same date, gives the num ber of njen, women, and children, at Inudcy lMley as 72-nota very large "llura^,ers .* Sow liere it is quite clear that there ^ ^tt tioBiing te justifying listening to \- any application whatever. The precise .., ^mro/nc^ment of the prescribed six 'mon&sfras; whdllyimmaterial to hits, . for* on neither Jus hypothesis nor the AtTORHBr-lJfiHfillAt S were the rcqui ? site number ofauthorieed residents on 'w^*up)»ied field. Why he need have bothered the department for more ; forms, wrywhy the department having received jhfes litter advising that the essential preliminary requirement of i.^vaa non-fexistent need have y, aire questions for him and » answer. But on the 10th of Marchfifty forms of application were i^nt to Mr. BiKCLAni, and he was in formed that " the form of lease has not p decided opon, as toon as it is you will be duly advised." tie reallyj wanted neither forms of application nor form of lease, nor any advice except this-that he would inform his superiors whenever there were a hundred autho rized residents on Lucky Valley. For until that population had been attained i and lasted continuously (or six months,' for all purposes of the Gold Fields Homestead Act Lucky Valley and its people had no existence. Mr. SIN CLAIR having given "due attention" to the Act, and special attention to the population question, ought to have known this. But somehow or other lie didn't, or if he did his knowledge bore no fruit. There were hungry ej'es watching and eager hands stretching out to grasp the agricultural riches of this non auriferous gold field. On Thurs day, the Sixteenth day of March, "a man named MAURICE BROSNAN" (we use Mr. SINCLAIR'S descriptive terms), specially desirous, as we sup pose, of investing the proceeds of his mining enterprise in a gold field whereon DO payable gold had been found, in the quieter pursuit of agri cultural industry, was informed by Mr. ' SINCLAIR (hat he had received the forms and would take the applications on Saturday the 18th. " It immedi ately, however, occurred to me," ex plained Mr. SINCLAIR afterwards, " that it would be better that I should " visit Lucky Valley myself on Satur- j " day, Friday being St. Patrick's day, " and I accordingly informed BROSNAN " that I should do so, and that 1 " ehould not receive any applications " till Monday, when I woaid receive " at the same time those of the miners " who had originally applied (before " receipt of the opinion of the Crown " Law officers), as I considered it was " but fair that there should be no dis " Unction or partiality shown by me to " one more than another, BEOSNAN " himself being one of them. With " this intimation BROSNAN appeared " satisfied." While admiring Mr. SINCLAIR'S virtuous impartiality we cannot help thinking tbat he would have shown far greater appreciation of his duty had he abided by the Act and received no applications at all. The law would then have been obeyed -much annoyance to himBelf and others saved, and this delectable cor respondence would not have edified as, nor given occasion for the somewhat mat apropos exertions of Mr. MORGAN. But Mr. BROBNAN was not satisfied, whatever he appeared to be. He bad tain like a boy under a plum tree, waking .for the fruit to drop into bis mouth, and he reflected and became persistent-but let Mr. SINCLAIR tell the story. "When Saturday came I found " there was business to be attended to " in Court and in my office which re " quired my attention, and I could not "go to Lucky Valley. BROBKAN, \- however, came into my office on that " day, and asked me to take bis appli " cation. I said I could not, for I was " then going to take my seat on the " Bench. He afterwards applied, and " I then observed to him that it would " be altogether improper in me to give, " as it was in him to ask, any such " preference as he sought. He became " very angry and insolent, and went " away murmuring in a tone which I " thought boded vengeance." There is a felioitousness of touch about this last that a dramatist might envy; but whatever lhe murmuring applicant " boded," he lost no time. That same day he wrote to die SEORB fin FOB WORKS, giving his version of the case, which does not, except as to 4he Thursday's satisfaction, substan tially differ irom the COMMISSIONER'S. He wasted to know whether his appli cation ought not to take precedence oi subsequent ones, and he bewailed him self that "haying spent considerable time and money* waiting for this land," he was now, it appeared, " to be de prived of it." Deprivation of what a man never had, ana never even had a legal chance of applying for, seems to u* to savor of inconsistency, but it is of a jjpiece with the rest. . Onreceiving Mr. Bbosnah's pathetic appfeal on the 21st, Mr. WALSH set the telegraph to work. " Mr. MICHAEL " (etc) BeOSNAN, of Warwick, writes " me that Thursday last you informed " )iim that the Lucky Valley gold field '. 'reserve was open for selection under " ' the Gold Field* Homestead Act of "1870,' and that you requested him to " inform the miners of the fact Is " this true? Reply, please." To this Mr. SINCLAIR answered on the same day-"On receipt of the " Under Secretary's letter of the 10th, " and of fifty forms of application for " warded to me, I informed. MAURICE " BROSNAN (who was present in Court) " that I had received-the applications " and would take them on Monday " understood the Under Secretary's " letter to authorise me to do so " subject to form of lease to be ap " proved." Mr. WALSH is said to be impulsive and occasionally irritable. Mr. SIN CLAIR'S answer evidently vexed him, for his immediate reply was curt, sharp, and categorical. "Looking to your " letter of the 13th February, to the " Crown Law officer's opinion it elicited, " to your letter of the 2nd March, and " to the requirements of ' The Gfold " Fields Homestead Act,' and to the " memo of the 10th (not letter, as you " state), explain to me please at once " why you invited applications from " Luck}' Valley (o be Bent in on Mon " day ?" Mr. WALSH, who is a Minis ter of yesterday, seems really to have understood the matter better than his " department," which may tic said to be ancient if not venerable. Mr. SINCLAIR telegraphed back sug gesting that the various messages and books transmitted Irom the department led him to think that he " was obeying instructions to act, and that it was not his duty to question the reason why he was so instructed." How in the second paragraph of the circular of the Kith January, there is an express incorpora tion of the restriction of the right of application under the Act to "any proclaimed gold field of one hundred or more authorised residents." How in the face of that when he had him self stated that the requisite number was not and had not for six months been at the Lucky Valley, he could conceive himself as acting under in structions in receiving applications we are at a loss to understand. But he adds curiously enough-"No harm has been done, as I gave receipts sub ject to approval of application-eight or nine in all/' The applicants, whose time and money have been wasted, may perhaps not coincide with Mr. SINCLAIR'S opinion as to harm. And, alas! (or the " number of applicants," whatever becomes of the " several applications." Of course this reply produced more " memos." The Under Secretary i forthwith apprises the Secretary for WorkB that he Bent no instructions of the kind implied-that if through error the Commissioner had been improperly instructed it was his duty to draw the attention of the Secretary for Works to the matter-and that he was lully aware of the position of his gold-fields. Let us add so was the department be fore it sent the additional formB and; the book of registry. The fate of an | official who calls attention to the irre gularities of his superiors is not gene- | rally of a kind to induce others to do the same. There was an unpleasant officiousnees and illegality in Mr. SIN CLAIR'S procedure, but there eras not j that closeness of supervision which in matters of importance like this we should have expected from the depart ment. It must have been abundantly clear to every one who took the trouble to think that the Lucky Vrflley could not come under the provisions of the Act. That it was not so immediately apparent only shows that lhat trouble was not taken. The correspondence closes by Mr. HERBERT'S transmitting a copy of BROSNAN's letter to the Commissioner, and the Commissioner's report thereon. From that we have already quoted, and beyond that quotation it states nothing that we have not collected else where. There, we presume, for the present, the matter rests. But, as we said, our gratitude is specially due to Mr. MonaAS for bringing tbeee papers to light. Apart from the little eccentricities of the par- j ties concerned, they in every respect confirm the justice of our assertions some month back, that the Lucky Val ley never ought to have been pro claimed a gold Geld, and that the re serve made ostensibly for the accom modation, of a pretended body of miners, was really to gratify a political and personal spite. Here ib the proof. After all the desperate efforts made for these last three years to cram a credu lous public with indefinite yields and undenoable prospects, the result is a population of " 43 miners, §c." (Mr. SittOLAi&'e term), and a score or two of women and children. How long is thp.t to be considered a gold field to which the provisions of an Act ex pressly intended to help the mining community are not applicable from want of people to benefit? These being the facts, to issue forms of appli cation jinder the Gold Fields Home stead Act was to put breeches on a ghost. The sooner the whole farce is got rid of and common justice done to those who have been grievously injured by its enactment, the sooner will a great wrong be redressed, and a gross imposture meet its deserved fate. We give our best thanks to Mr. MORGAN for having so disinterestedly assisted us in our advocacy of such a termination. 