THE COMPREHENSIVENESS OP THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. There is no subject more frequently referred to than the comprehensive character of the church, and there is no subject of secondary importance of which, we may be more justly proud, or for which we should feel more deeply thankful. It is a habit with those who wish to throw con tempt on the church to call her a sect, but there is no chai'ge more ridiculously inappropriate. Both friends and enemies differ among themselves as to what forms her leading characteristic, thus making it manifest that she has none, but simply reflects and holds forth the grand truths of Christianity. In a faithful church, however, this coraj)re hensiveness must have its limits, and it is needful for us to ascertain what those limits are. In the case of Bishop Colenso, and more recently in that of Mi\ Voysey, her com prehensiveness has been alleged as a reason why the opinions of those writers should not be condemned, and multitudes who sympathise with their free handling of Scripture remain in her pale on the same plea. 'What does the church her self say? ' They also are to be had' (accounted) 'accursed that presume to say, that every man shall be saved by the law or sect which lie professeth, so that he be diligent to frame his life according to that law, and the light of nature' (Art. 18). Instead of desiring to comprehend such within her limits, she expressly tells us they are to be regarded as con demned. The 8th Article proves, first, that she holds the acknowledgment of our blessed Lord's divinity, and the per sonality of the Holy Ghost as essential to salvation; and, secondly, that whatsoever may be proved by ' certain war rants of Holy Scripture' 'ought thoroughly to be received and believed.' The church, then, has as little desire to ' comprehend ' the rationalist who denies or doubts the peculiar inspiration of Scripture, as the more open infidel, who utterly repudiates the whole of revelation. Quite as little tendency has the church to comprehend the views of the Romanist or the Romaniser. An effort has been madei^jTepresemi'cWr as, while condemning transub stantiation,mfldX dcn^tg-#ne actual presence of the Lord's body in thdMjjj^^S;^/ some way. This subject has been so fully cxplaHi^ljIiPa catechism on the Lord's Supper by the Bishop of Melbourne, that we ' need not do more than refer to that clear and admirable treatise, which shows that any inherent change or virtue in the elements is as plainly denied as is the disappearance of them. We may, however, quote the words of the rubric after the Communion Service, which says: — ' The sacramental bread and wine remain still in their veiy natural substance, and, therefore, may not be adored (for that were idolatry to be abhorred by all faithful Christians) ; and the natural body and blood of our Saviour Christ are in heaven, and not here.' And the pretended sacrifices of Christ by the priest, ' for the quick- and dead to . have remission of pain or guilt,' are asserted in the 31st Article to be ' blasphemous 'fables and dangerous deceits.' This language is not complimentaiy, and1 cer tainly would not have been used by men who wrote with their lives, in their hands, if they had. not felt bound by 'their faithfulness to1 God to speak plainly. ' ? It has been said that the Church of England has so much in common with Rome, that she may, without altering her real standing ground, approach still nearer.. The assertion, is true; the argument to be drawn from it lies just in the ;o2^posite drrection. It is the glory of the Church of England ?that she has made no' changes for caprice,. none for passion ?or for ' popularity. She might easily have 'raised a war-cry upon some non-essential points that would have won for her zealous supporters, not only from among the unthinking, but from the lovers of excitement, however otherwise intelli gent and judicious; but she resolutely abstained from doing so. Having, therefore, altered nothing but what was ex pressly condemned by the Word of God, she has nothing that she can concede. She never went a step too far, and therefore can not, dare not, return one step backwards. All honour to the man who raises a solid structure on the cliff that overhangs the ocean, that there' a light may bo kindled to guide the distant mariner to his haven, and to warn him of the rocks and shoals around ; but the very fact that the light has been placed as a beacon on the confines of the shore, and not withdrawn to the shelter of some seques tered nook, makes it impossible that it should be advanced .one step further. To do so would be to ruin the structure, and to quench the light. In what, then, does the comprehensiveness of the Church of England consist? Chiefly, we conceive, in these two things — 1st. That while she demands, of her clergy a pledge that they will submit to her ordinances, she does not bind them down to opinions concerning them. / 2nd. That she requires nothing from her laity but a reception of gospel truth, a moral life, and so much attention to her ordinances as is essential to the decent conduct of God's service. First — As to Episcopacy. In her 23rd Article she ex pressly turns aside from demanding a declaration on the sub ject; and in the 36th Article, instead of insisting that her forms of consecration and ordination are the only scriptural ones, she merely requires an admission that those services do not contain anything superstitious or ungodly, and that they do contain all that is necessary. So far from making her traditions and ceremonies essential, or demanding a declaration of opinion upon them, she, in the 31th Article, expressly declares that ' it is not necessary that they should be in all places one, and utterly alike, for at all times they have been divers, and may be changed.' Again, she pre scribes a form of prayer, but nowhere requires a declaration against the use of extempore prayer. She has united her self to the State, but only requires from her ?ministers, a declaration to the effect, Article 37, that they will not, in virtue of their office, claim exemption from the authority of the Sovereign. And so with respect to all other non-essential matters. ??''.. With regard . to the laity, we may safely say that she demands nothing but what all Christians agree in regarding as needful, a reception of Christian doctrine, and a Christian course of life. They are exhorted to bring their infant children to baptism, but are not required to do so. No declaration is demanded in the rite but a profession of belief in the leading articles of the Christian faith, and of obedience to the Divine commands. The sponsors are indeed directed to see that the child be confirmed, but no promise to that effect is asked for! Confirmation is simply a renewal of the baptismal covenant. It is indeed directed that none shall come to the Lord's table but such as have been confirmed,- or ai'o ready to -take advantage, of that ordinance; but this is the only instance in which -anything' is demanded of a layman save Christian ? faith and Christian practice ; and in the actual approach to the table nothing is expected, but the confession of. faith contained in the Nicene Creed. A service is pre ? pared for, the visitation of the sick, -but the minister is not bound to use. it; no one is obliged on his sick or dying bed to partake of the Holy Communion, or even to receive the visit of a clergyman. No one can read the Prayer-book \- with moderate attention without perceiving that the church regards fasting as a matter which demands the attention of all the servants of God. She has arranged days for fasting, and pointed out her wishes on the subject in a manner not to be, mistaken. But here she stops. There is no penalty of any kind attached to the neglect of her wishes, nor is a promise of compliance with theni asked of either clergy or 'VVe might enlarge- on these topics to a much greater ; extent than we have done, but what has been said is enough ; to prove — first, that the Church of England is full and strong in- her declarations concerning all Scripture doctrines, positive and ? negative, and imperative in her demands for pledges concerning those things, from all whom she recog nises as -her teachers ; - secondly, that in matters of govern meht and ceremonial she is. liberal and comprehensive to the utmost' limit consistent with order and decency; and, thirdly, that, with respect to thosethat are taught, she opens her arms without restriction to receive all - that will come and be. taught by her — still echoing the language of inspira tion, 'Whosoever will, let him come.' Jtis quite true that, in practice,.' doctrines which she repudiates have been, and are at this moment, taught within her pale; but this arises j-artly from defective organisation, partly from the extreme jealousy with which she regards the ? liberty and independence of her ? ministers, and. partly from the inevitable imperfection of all human institutions; but it is flagrant injustice to confound the calamities under which a church suffers, with the principles which she cherishes. We may add that the lukewarm attachment which characterises the members of the Church of England may be traced to this absence of peculiarities. ? We can make men zealous for a word; for a vestment, for a theory— aye, even for a Scripture truth — but it is very hard to make fallen man zealous for a church that holds out no teacher but the Bible; presents no watchword but the1 Gospel, claims for no human ordinance a Divine sanction, gives no undue prominence to one truth over an other, that never seeks to deny her own fallibility, or to shade her errors under the drapery of a perverted command. Too well-proportioned to be striking, too faithful to be popular,- too devoted to her Master to make herself prominent, the church must be content to be regarded with contempt by the world, and with coldness even by her. own children, her only glory being that she teaches her messengers by precept and example to say with the Apostle — 'We preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord, and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake.' ? ? , , . -.' ?? . ? ._ ? ? 