ENGLISH EXTRACTS. The death of Michel Lattas, Omer Pasha, generalissimo of the Turkish Forces and a grand vizier, was announced by tele gram last night. He was of Croat origin, and (according to 'Men of the Time') was born in the year 1801, at Plaski, a village in the district of Ouglin, about sixty miles from Fiume, in the Adriatic. The family name is Lattas. Ho received his early instruction first at the military school of his native vil lage, and afterwards at the high school of iliurra, near Uarlstadt, in Transylvania, and it is said distinguished himself by proficiency in mathematics. On leaving school he be came a cadet in the border regiment of Oug lin, which he shortly left to become an assist ant surveyor of roads and bridges. Of this drudgery he soon became heartily tired, and deserted from the Austrian army. He was now in quest of a living, and to qualify him self for the position of tutor in the house of a Turkish merchant, he adopted the creed of Islam, and now took the name of Omer, applying himself with great assiduity to study the language, manners, and customs of his new countrymen. Some time afterwards he became a master in the new military school at Constantinople. Kosrew Pasha, then minister of war, perceived the genius and en terprise of the stranger, and from him Omer, now in his 3-3rd year, received the appoint ment of officer in the regular army of the Sul tan, and shortly afterwards that of adjutant on his personal staff. It was in quelling the insurrections in Syria and Albania that Omer first distinguished himself. He was equally successful in Kurdistan. In the year 1848, having become a pasha, he kept the aggressive policy of the Russians in check in Wallachia. In 1852 Omer Pacha was sent to effect the reduction of the hardy and warlike Montene grins, and he had advanced to within a day's, march of Cettenje, when the Austrian special commissioner at Constantinople induced the divan to recall him and abandon the war. In June, 1853, the Russian troop3 marched into Moldavia ami Wallachia, when Om'er Pasha was appointed the .generalissimo of the Turk ish army. The Sultan's declaration of war was dated October 4, and the first important collision between the belligerents occurred on the 4th cf November, when the Russians were defeated with immense loss, as they were in subsequent actions. The repulse of the Russians at Eupatoria, February 17, 1855, was also effected by Omer Pasha, with great loss to the Russians. Subsequently Omer Pasha joined General Carirobert and Lord Raglan with part of his array before Sebas topol. Hi* troops, however, took no part in the siege, nor had any other opportunity of distinguishing themselves. The personal and domestic habits of Oraer Pasha were Euro pean, his adopted creed notwithstanding. Converts, it is said, are always persecutors ; but Omer Pasha baa been the protector of the Christian subjects of the Sultan, and the ameliorator of their lot. Count von Moutke. — If Count Bismarck may boast of being, par excellence, the states man of our day, Count Multke may claim the title of the first living strategist. He is a native of Gnewitz, in Mecklenburg, and was born on the 25th of October, 1800 ; so that he has just celebrated his seventieth birthday at Versailles. He is not a Prussian by extrac tion, but a Dane ; and it is. remarkable that just a century ago bis name was well known in London,, as the then Count Moltke ac companied King Christian on his visit to Eug land in 17G8, when he made the celebrated' mot which has hcen so often put down to others, to the effect that 'St. James's Palace might be all very well for the King of Eng land, but it was not a place in which to put a Unnsttan. xne present Uount was brought up in Holstoin, where his father had an estate ; and it was among the Danes that he first ac quiied those military tastes which he after wards turned against them in the war of 18GG. At twelve, years of age he was. sent to the Land Cadet Academy at Copenhagen, and at twenty two obtained a commission in the Prussian army. He was first stationed at Frankfort, where, he found fiiends by whose liberality — ' his father's property having been lost — he was sent to Berlin to study modern languages and the more technical part of his profession. Em ployed next in the direction of a School of Division, we find him attached to a com mission for making military surveys in Silesia and the Duchy of Posen. After attaining the rank of captain, he passed four years in Euro pean and Asiatic Turkey; these he turned to good account by devoting himself to the sub ject embodying his experience. He aided the Sultan Mahmoud in several ways, and in structed him in the art of war with suoh satis factory results,, : that to . him are attributed several great improvements in the organisa tion of the Turkish army. By the Sultan he was commissioned to prepare plans of Yarna, Schumla, Siliscria, and other places on the Danube ; and this commission led to his publi cation of a somewhat celebrated historical work, which bears his name — 'The Russo Turkish Expedition, 1828-29.' He also bore a part in the campaign in Syria, which the Turks undertook in 1839 against Meheunet AH, Viceroy of Egypt, and his adopted son, Ibrahim Pasha, Returning from the East in 1840, he was made major, and in the same year married the Fraulein von Burt, of Hol stein. In 18-15 he was nominated an aidede camp to Prince Henry of Prussia, uncle of the present King. In 1848 he was sent to Magde burg as chief of the general staff of his corps, and thenceforth his promotion was most rapid. In 1850 he became lieutenant-colonel, full jolouel in the following year, .major-general in 185G, and in 1859 lieutenant- general ; more recently he has attained the rank of full general, and in October last, on the capitula tion of Metz — we believe on his 70th birth day — he was created ' Count von Moltke.' — Oassell's Mayazine. Gossip about Disraeli. — The London cor respondent of the Boston Advertiser writes: — 'You must sit near Mr. Disraeli before you discover that he is growing old. At a little distance he has the appearance of middle age ; and in his oratory he retains the- peculiarities of his youth. I sat in a low gallery opposite to him the other night, and for an hour watched his method and manner. Above all things I admired the art of his tailor. Never was there a finer triumph than in Mr. Disraeli's frock coat. The fit is perfect, but it is not the ' fit.' There is a finish and a poetry about his clothes which escape definition. And, ob, the carelessness of other men ! There's Mr. Forster, just opposite, with a rough, cut-away coat, bob tailed and badly made, looking like a rough sou of the woods. There's Mr. Glad stone, even, dressed with a carelessness that would distress the artist's heart. But in the way of dtess we have had nothing for years like the spectacle of a good, pious dissenter, a man of 60, who spoke in the House of Commons last week while wearing a scarlet uniform. Never in the history of masque rades was there such a curious sight. The honourable gentleman was stout, and the coat was alternately loose and tight. Long, ugly ridges crossed his breast. His arms were as if clothed in a red night-shirt, and the ludi crous expression of his face made the picture complete. Returning to the Tory leader, I may remark that his voice is clearer than it was, and the affectations in his accent are not so apparent. His peculiarity is his restless ness as to his hands. Ordinarily this is a mark of nervousness, but Mr. Disraeli, one would think, is not afflicted by misery of that des cription. However that may be, he cannot keep his hands in one position for two minutes together. He puts them on the box which is on the table before him ; he shuts them ; opens them ; places one in his coat pocket be hind ; puts two there ; takes out his handker chief and puts it in again ; folds his hands ; opens them ; puts his fingers merely on a table ; boldly sticks his thumbs under his arm-pits and tosses the collar of his coat back ; again drops them at his side —such are some of the movements he keeps up while delivering one of his set orations. Another peculiarity I will jot down for the benefit of the curious in orators' distresses : — I have observed that when he is about to say something satirical, one of those witty phrases that rest in the memory, and which are certainly not the crea tures of the moir.ent, he slightly opens his legs, and in a scarcely perceptible manner bows down his body. As the cheers break out his figure Reems quickened. If you are. behind him you notice a obange immediately. His accustomed confidence develops into audacity, and for a minute or two he appears to rule his audience. Longevity of the Brougham Family. — Lord Brougham was living only four years ago, yet he had conversed with a person who hud conversed with an eye-witness of the execution of Charles I. ' 1. have heard (he says) my grandmother, being at the time I refei to about ninety yeors of age, relate all the circutnstaness of the execution of Charles I., as they had been told her by an eyewit ness who stood opposite to Whitehall and saw the King upon the scaffold.' He adds- — ' My grandmother was born in Queen Anne's reign, so that I have conversed with a person who was alive 180 years ago, and who might have heard her relative, Ann Brougham, who lived to the age of 106, speak of events that happened in Elizabeth's time.' — Life and Times of Henry, Lord Brougham.' A Baptism op Fire.— The New York Times, relates the following :- — During the early ser vices, yesterday morning, in St. Mary's Church, Williamsburg, a body of about 400 children inarched into the edifice to partake of their first communion. The girls were,robed in white, with gauze veils, and each. bore a lighted canJle. After they had all entered the main body of the church, a girl at the head of the column accidentally set her thin veil on fire, and instantaneously a sheet of flame ran half way down the line, producing the utmost consternation, Those whose veils were on fire ran to the' main altar, where Father M'Donald was engaged in baptizing a number of adults. The baptismal water was thrown upon them, and, with the aid of several of his congregation, Father' M'Donald suc ceeded in subduing the flames and restoring order. Earthquake in Scotland.— Between eight and nine o'clock on Saturday' a slight shock of earthquake was experienced over a considerable portion of the west coast of Scotland- It was distinctly felt at Dunoon, Cove, : and Helens burgb, on borth shores of Loch Long, and of the Holy and Gare Lochs, and it appears, generally along the north shore of the Firth of Clyde. The concussion, aooompanied by the usual noises,. was also felt at Various points, on the east and west batiks of Loch Lomond.' The vibration is described as well-defined, and was of sufficient strength to rattle and displace furniture and crockery. If; was preceded by. a low, rumbling sound, accompanied biy a dull report, which was mistaken in several instance! for an explosion of gunpowder or distant thunder. At Dunoon the ceiling of a cottage was cracked with the shock, and the buildings at the end of the pier were also' slightly . damaged. A low heavy bank of clouds hung on the horizon at the time the shock was, felt A Kilcreggan correspondent writes: — 'The earthquake on Saturday caused a strange sensation* throughout the whole of Roseneath, Cove and Kilcreggan. One House at Roseneath subsided about a foot from the effects of the shoek/ and on several others a sinoilar, though less marked, effebfc was' produced.' A correspondent at Roseneath says that at Roseneath Manse the shock lasted about twenty seconds, with a loud. noise and dis tinct trembling of the ground, which died away in apparently a north-western direction, The shaking was sufficient to loosen plaster iu one cottage and break' dishes in another. A gentleman who was staying at Glenleon (near the Holy Loch) writes that the noise was loud and rumbling, and lasted about half a minute. The earth shook perceptibly, but especially in the Glen. It was also felt at Sandbank and Strone, . A sailor who felt it at Strone described the phenomena as exactly similar to those he had noticed as accompany ing earthquakes which he had experienced in Italy and the Cape of Good Hope. Saved by a Fish.— That the ocean abounds with wonders is daily being exemplified, and seldom n.ore forcibly so than in the experi ence of Captain Ward, of the barque Provi dence, of Hartlepool, who has just returned from Dantzic, at which port he was frozen up during the late severe winter.' He states that, during his outward voyage to that port, in November last, the ship sprang a severe leak during a gale in the Baltic, and his crew were all but exhausted in their efforts at the pumps to reduce it. One day she suddenly stopped making more water, and eventually the vessel reached Dantzic safely. After the discharge of the cargo a search was made for the leak, resulting in the discovery of a hole in the centre of one of the after planks from the yielding of a knot in the wood, and in this aperture was wedged a dead fish, whose colli sion with the vessel, when alive, had been the evident cause of the stoppage of the leak, and consequent salvation of the ship and crew. Extraordinary Proceedings at a Syna gogue. — The Western Mail reports an extraor dinary procedure on the part of the rulers of the Jewish synagogue at Swansea, A former member of the synagogue, and one formerly holding high office, from some disagreement in ,he community, has apparently been in some svay called upon to sit in the ' free sittings.' Ellis he persistently refused to do ; and as ihere were some five or six seats in the syna gogue vacant besides the ' free' sittings, he ;hose to sit in one or other of them whenever lie felt disposed to go and worship. This the rulers objected to, and the dispute raged per jiBteutly on both sides. A ' happy thought,' however, at length appeared to strike the rulers, who, during the past week, have had placed in every vacant seat a series of dange rous iron spikes, bristling upwards, full two Inches long, which would inevitably result in the impalement of any unfortunate individual seeking to worship in their immediate proxi mity. Of course, the object of exclusion is effectually accomplished, and the rulers tri umph. The Mormons. — If we believe the reports brought us at various times from the Salt Lake City of the Saints, the life of Brigham Young is by no means one of unalloyed happiness. But he has borne it bravely for many years, and continued to a great extent at peace with all men and — women. Many men find it hard enough to get along smoothly with only one spouse; what must be the poor prophet's plight considering that He counts them by scores 1 Now, when he has fallen into the sere and yellow leaf, and might expect to pass his latter days in quietness, an invasion even more terrible than that of the United States' troops threatens him and his faithful followers. It has reached the ears of certain New Eng land Methodists, that many Mormons are de serters from the rank? of Wesley, and are now willing to return to their allegianoe. There fore, the Rev. Mr. M'Donald, of Boston; Mr. Boole, of New York, and the Rev. Mr. Inskip, of Baltimore, are about to start on a tonr of conversion across the Plains, carrying with them a mammoth tent. Having visited California, these gentlemen propose crossing the Sierra Nevada, and journeying towards the city of the saints. Once arrived, they will pitch their tent in the very face of Brigham Young, and set about proselytising his people. Should they succeed to any great extent, some awkward questions will mout likely arise on the point of pougamy, but meantime everyone must sincerely pity the poor prophet. A Ghost in a Fix. — The gentlemenfpass engers have been getting up a play, which was ? performed yesterday, and succeeded admirably. It was a burlesque on ' Hamlet,' and as it was played on the lower deck, and the ghost could not, by any means, be made to rise, it was decided that he should descend through the hatchway. So he did ; but, unfortunately, the tackle used for the purpose was not quite long enough, so the unlucky ghost remained suspended- — his ieet not quite touching the ground, and hid weight causing him to turn slowly round and round. The doctor, who performed this part, was, nevertheless, quite equal to the occasion, maintained a most im perturbable countenance, and delivered his speech without so' much as moving a muscle, unheeding alike the' awkwardness of the posi tion , and the roar of laughter which it ex* cited.— Varieties of Viceregal Lifa. Tiie Twelve; o'clock ' Movement — The ' twelve o'clock movement' — that is, the agi- - tation to secure the cessation of work in the mills at noon on Saturday's— is assuming' a rather unpleasant aspect at Oldham. On Sa turday last, in many large mills, the machinory was stopped at noon, but orders bad been given that the workpeople should not be allowed to leave until one. ' This prohibition gave rise to considerable disorder, and many of the workpeople made their way over w'alU and gates, whilst others hooted and hiased their employers.' Fortunately, no actual vio lence was perpetrated. .' ? A Musical P.bodi-3Y;t-A select party had the opportunity ; of listening ' to the perform ance of the 'infant Agnes,' a little girl three years and five month's old, who played several pieces on the pianoforte in St. George's Hall, Bradford. The little creature has caught up several airs from listening to her mother's pu- ' pils. i She plays by ear, and, although her playing is not perfect, it is most remarkable ' in so young a child; : , :,:?-. \\\\-m:v,--i ?,.-.--' 