PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.— PUBLIC MEETING. A public meeting was held last evening, Presbyterian Church, Phillip-street, for the promo lion of the schemes of the Presbyterian Church, by members of the General Assembly. There was. a nume-ous attendance. The Moderator of the , General Assembly Rev. Dr. Geekte, took the chair After devotional exercises, the chairman explained the object of the meeting. He referred to the past history of the Church, the benefits of union, the necessity of training ministers in the colony, and the several schemes of the Church. liev. Jakes Bonthorne thou addressed tne meet ing He was discouraged at the earliest meetings of Presbyteries and the Church Extension Committee which he attended; here, hy bo many letters of resignation and complaints of insufficiency among the people. But when he began to labour among the people, he was pleased to see the great attention paid to the preach ing of the word of G-od. He had seen in England the benefit produced by the introduction of laymen in the management of the affairs of the^ Church. They did not send raw recruits to new stations; but gave the ablest men in the Church a holiday from iheir own pulpitf, finding supplies for them, and sending them to open new fields. Then 1 they guaranteed a minimum, not of £200, but of *400; and got some of the very verv best men from Scot land. The English Presbyterian Church was making rapid strides; and people on this6ide were almost of tho saine stamp. It was a mistake to send young men to occupy new ground. Then there were here in Sidney men of princely fortunos and gene rosity, not behind those n the city of Lon don. The people he/e wei# as well up on all matters as at home ; and he believed they wore ! more intelligent than Lhose at home. It was evi ! dent that they had not ministers here to occupy the I vacant places. They spoke of training a native ministry. Why not begin at once? Surely there were ' rdttia who were willing to dedicate themselves to tho Gospel ministry. Surely Christian parents were willing to give 1 1 up one in a family. They would not get men simply sent them on present conditions. They ought to be training men. He had heard in thia Assembly with regret, that thoy had opened their gates too wide, and admitted men that were not a credit to the Chnrch. He felt rather queer when he heard this, and thought the statement was made rashiy. It had been said in a paper sanctioned by this venerable Court, that articles were Bant out not worth their freight. He thought such state ments ought not to be made. (Cheers.) Mr. D. L. W aug it spoke on the work of the Home Mission within the colony and Church Exten sion. He referred first to the supply of ordinances to their own fellow-subjccts from the Mother counlrv, families brought up under the Presbyterian Church at homo. The circumstances of this country were very different from those of the Rlother- country He thought they might learn much from tho management of Church affairs .in America, where thoy adopted much tho same prac tice as li-. Bonthorne advocated They sent first some of their most talented and experienced men to j stir up the people before they established a cause ; then, in tho work of Sabb ith schools, a _ well qualified agent to invite |the newly -settled immi grants to combine in the formation of Sabbath schools. Then, when a minister came to settle, the way was in some measure prepared for him. . But they mu&t; adopt a system suited to this country — jiot- 1 , following exactly any other country. Beswts their , I own Presbyterian people, they must eeek tbe good': j of the neglected population of the interior. 1 here' was a great work to be done. The only way to accomplish it was for everyone t® B 'mething. He thought some of the town oongregationB could j spare their ministers for a month or so in the Bum mer to preach in the districts . where there were no ministers and ordinances.. As for the expenses of such missions, the . Lay Association might provide that. Then he thought they ought to do more for . the heathen within the bounds of the colony, than the multitude of the Chinese. Thero was a romance about missions in distant countries. He reminded thppa of the lesson given by St Clair to MisB Ophelia in Uncle Tom's Cabin*. They ought to eet themselves individually to seek the good of ignorant nouls. The mission to the Chinese by this Church was standing still at present, for want of a propor agent who oould understand bath Chinese and English Mean while let them nU try to do something. He recommended them all to adopt the motto of the Wesleyans'— ' All at it, and always at it,' A Church that was not spreiil V.ig could not be ia a hoaithy condition, bsforn God. The first necessity was to devote themselves to God ; and when they sent the Gospel to a new place, they should furnish their agent with proper means of support for a time. When'Chrie tiaa life was awakened, there would always be ample support. It was the general experience of the Church of Christ, as was Baid in the Book of the Acts of the Apostles, while they were walking in the fear of the Lord and the comfort of tbe fiuly Ghost, they were multiplied. (Applause.) Rev. S. F. Mackenzie said he regarded ths Church to which they belonsed as one of tho most primitive, apoBtolic, and scriptural Churches under the whole heavens, - It was a Church which enjoyed the respect ofamtny^pto jierg opt withinFtheir pale. He would litre to seetEera draw into closer relation ship with the good old Church of England ; to have Christian co-operation and brotherly love with that Church. He would rejoice to see in this colony such a scene as was witnessed tbe other day in America when 150 of the clergy and laity of the Church of England — feeling that tbe time had come for closer co-operation among Christian brethren — walked arm inarm to the Presbyterian Convention ; and Bishop M'llvaine saluted his Presbyterian brethren in the name of tbe House of Bishops, and in Ihe name of the Lord Jesus, and Dr. Hodge, of Princeton, addressed tho deputation, and said to Bishop M'llvaino -''.Fifty years ago you and I were boys together, in. Princeton ; and evening by evening we knelt together in prCtyet We both drank ill the spirit of the great revival of 1615.. You have gone your way, and I have gone mine ; but I ven ture to say that during all these fifty years you never preached a sermon . whioh I oould not have rejoiced to have delivered; and I never preached a sermon every word of which you would not have fully endorsed. Now here, at the end of fifty years, we stand side by side together, old and grey-headed, looking not back on the past, nor down into the grave, but onward to coming glory ; — we stand here, the representatives of two great Churohes, and pro claim to the world tbat we are one in faith, one in baptism, one in allegi ance to our Lord and Saviour.' (Cheers.) Would that such a thing was realized in this country. But he (Mr. Mackenzie) would not forget tbat there rested on them a most solomn responsibility in relation to that Church to which they belonged — a Church whose sons and daughters had in past times fought and bled and died for tbe testimony of Jesus, and passed through fire and water, through a martyr's death to a martyr's crown. He spoke on the Church Extension soheme, which he regarded as the main tcheme of the Church. He hopod there was not a minister of the Church who did not labour and pray for the heathen. They were sending their money to the islands of the South Seas. He hoped they would soon send men as well ; and follow them with their prayers. But he felt that that it was the evangelization of this land, where much practical heathen ism teemod around them, which God had specially given into their handB to do. The welfare of generations to come depended on the way their work was done. They needed a fresh baptism of tbe Holy Ghost, that they might have more of that yearning of bouI over perishing sinners which marked the sentiments of the great apostle of tbe Gentiles. If such a blessing were given, fruitful ness would take the place of decay. If they desired to see the Church prosper, let ministers not neglect their own vineyards. Tq reach the Presbyterians scattered throughout this land, they needed men of the right stamp ; they needed means ; and God's blessing upon them. He had great con fidence in the liberalitv of their people. In the honour of God, if they saw one asleep here, and one asleep there, while hey could net exonerate the sleepers, some of the blame belonged to the ministers. If all ministers of the Church were men of the right stamp, men of faith and earnestness, a blessing would reat upon them. He would not lower the standard of literary attainments; but th°rA was something better and higher than these literary attainments. There was heartfelt knowledge of (jod'B Word, experimental and practical knowledge, and earnest desire to save souls. He hoped when ever this Church saw mon endowed with these and with a good knowledge of the English tongue, they would give them the right hand, and help them to labour for the good of souls through out the length und breadth of the land. They | might learn from other Churches, who employed ! more lay ajecta. But, better to leave a district without a minuter, than t3- eeni n man who was ! without zeal, and who sought chiefly to make him- - self oomfortable. If the tchemaB of th« Churoh were ? to be successful, it was indispensable that the people should exerciee liberality.' 8om« of the congrega tions were contributing well to the schemes of the Church. None did batter than the congregation over whioh' their respected Moderator presided. But some other oongregationB contributed . very scantily. Very often the blame rested at the doors of the ministers. 1 ? When the Church Appointed collections, tho ministers ought to give their people an opportunity of contributing. In liberality, as in everything else, it was the duly of the minister to show an example to their congre gations. He liked the spirit of the address delivered by Edward Irving at the ordination of a minister, when he said, ' Oh, brother, if thou grow rich, if thou die Tich, I will be ashamed for thee. Look at the hard hearts of rich men, look at their self importance, and pray ' to be delivered from that greatest snare. Tny 'cloak and tby parch ments,' — decent apparel and books, — be these thy ri :hes. Then thou mayest speak out to those who have their thousands,' Let all mi-.iBters make it apparent to their congre gations that their hearts are not set upon the riches of this world. He did not like the idea of seeding to the home country for money to enable them to extend goBpel ordinances ; but he feared this was necessary, because the Bprings of liberality had not yet been brought into action here. He concluded with quoting the words of one whom he heard in his childhood, Maitland McGill Criohton who, when delivering an address on CnriBtian liberality said, ' Perhaps you will turn upon me and say — What are you doing yourself? My yearly income is £3000, and by God's grace I am enabled to say, that before I tou-h one particle of that for secular purposes, I lay aside one-third of it for the cause of Christ.' A -collection was then made for the schemes of the Church. Mr. M'Alpine said they wanted men and means. They wanted the gold and the silver to enable them to send forth men over this country, and to the Ohinese, and to tho heathen over the sea. They knew _v.n « 'it,, tiler ami t.hn void are mine.*' Their wealth all came from the Great Creator, by whose bounty they were fed. We are stewards of that gold and silver, whatever quantity of it may be ours. We' ought to spend it in accordance with His will, and put it out in forwarding and doing His ? ' blessed work. It is required of a steward that he should be found faithful. It is said, ' He that giveth to the poor lendeto to the Lord;' And will not He to whom the gold and silver is lent bear it in mind and pay it baok P It is the law of the Saviour's kingdom that when we make sacriticea for Him, we shall receive a hundredfold in this life, and in the world to come life everlasting. It was said by 'one of the aerchant princes of Glas gow that, year by year, bb his giving increased, so did his store. He had seen the face of one such man light 'up when the means of blessing the needy and i causing the widow's heart to sing for joy was put! within his reach. He rejoiced when he had oppor tunity of dispensing his wealth. Ho built a church in a destitute locality, an 1 there attended to the preaching of a man likeminded. His heart was like an overflowing stream gushing forth in kindness to his fellow-men. Why are the names ot rtowara, Wilberfcrce, Buxton, and Chalmers household words ? Why is a halo of glory round these names ?. but because they lived and laboured, they sacrificed and suffered for the good of their iellow-men. He often thought of the Bible as a beautiful picture gallery, and there was one picture before which he often Btood and admired,— when the Saviour was reclining in tho house of Simon the leper; and a woman witi meek Spirit and generous woman q heart stood behind him, and breaking an alabaster box poured the precious ointment on the Saviour's head; And the apartment was filled with the sweet odour of the ointment, Under' the picture' was written 'She hath done what eh? could' There might be here young stBterB, who looking on that picture, and reading the inscription would say : — 1 want to be like Jesus, ; Engaged in doing good ; Tbat of me it may be Bald She hath done'what she could. They wanted the people in connection with the Church to rise., up to the conception of a higher liberality — rto waken up to the claims of the Saviour, and to., the necessities of their fellow-creatures. There was the rule, ' caBt thy bread upon the waters, and thou shalt find it after many days.' Lot them remember Him who was rich, but became poor, that we through His poverty might be rich. Let them think of the noble men who had. gone fcrtlt] among the heathen to spend their years and their strength, and to lay down their liveB for the *Jork oi, Christ— John Williams, the first martyr of Esso, manga, and more lately Gordon; and now last, Bishop Patteson and his coadjutor Atkin, in the dis ?Jharce of their labours and self denial, had met w1^n untimely end. Did not a . Honfioo hk» ♦ aat gpeakjje^Tie. to their hearts. ' 'ol1* men counted not their'lh'68 dear to them, is it much if we study, not how little, b»t how much we can give? Shall England, the ^ od °/ ,h® h25?.® the oppressed, the nattv'' land B^ton, Wilberforcc,. and Brougham, — remaJ n 9-'et,.Bnd such atrocities be permitted ? s-hall Enh ^nd« 8raat- &10'10'8. and free, not rise up in her £ai«.:st?' and P'1 d?wn once and for ever such atrocious w/on£ ? (Applause.) Bev. James Bbnvie addressed tbe Jnee^InB- They were now laying the foundations of ~ resbytenan Church of the future in this colony, 'l'DOf I1 a great work before them. There were two schemes on which the prosperity of this Church depended. On these - schemes they should work . week after week, month after month, year after year. If .theBe two schemes prospered, every scheme they had would prosper.* He referred first t- the Church - extension scheme. In order that this should prosper, the other scheme must prosper — the work ef raising in this land a native ministry. Let them have men of 'iaith, men of prayer, Aus tralian-born men, with the love of country in their heart; then they must prosper. It was the duty of tbe Churoh of 'Christ to . raise her own ministry, They fail#4-*n their duty, M ft Church of Christ,' I unless they set themselves to this work. They I ought to set to the work of gathering in, not only men from Scotland and the North of Ireland, but immortal souls,' wherever they were born. If they lived for themselves, they could not prosper. If ' they songht a native min istry, they would' find. He hoped by-and-by they would have ministers m-m au oiassee ot the community. Why should not rich men dedicate their sons to the work of the ministry ? How was it that rioh men made their sons lawyers, medical men, or tradesmen F Why not also endow their sons for the minietry P If they had men of the right sort, they would find them again and again presenting their *ocb as an offering to God in the ministry _ If we. only, had the. necessary institution for training young men to the ministry, young men wonld come forward. Let them keep seeking what they needed. .Then they miiBt have money. If theyweie to be equal to their character, and to the position God had given to them, they must eet to work and raise a capital fund, say Ll0,000, to be uied for the purpose of spreading their Church throughout the land, io those who had subscribed L10,000 to' the College, .he said if the - could only give them . another LlO,GOO they, would go a long way towards laying the foundatione of a noble Presbyterian Churoh for the future. They should love tenderly and affectionately their own Church. They ought to love their own Churoh — its history, its principles. He had no faith in that charity, — it was no charity to make other Churches equal to our own They had no occasion to be ashamed of his Church or his country. They should have goodwill to all, kindness to all Churches, but a child-like affection to their own Church. Let them not forget that their success depended on God. While using the 'means, let them not forget prayer and self-denial. Every Christian was bound to devote a part of his income to the cause of God. If they had more systematic liberality, men giving week after week and year after year, according as God prospered them, they would have more prosperity in their souls and in their circumstances. There was one soheme never yet initiated by this Churoh ; and that they must look in the face — it was an aged and infirm minis ters' scheme. When a man had spent the best of his life in the service of Christ, he ought to have eome provision for his declining years. ThOBe who receive the servant, receive the Master; and the servant of Christ should be cared for in youth, and when grey hairs were upon him aud he was no longer fit for service. (Cheers.) The meeting was then concluded, the Moderator pronouncing the benediction. 