MARRIAGE A LA MODE. (From the Court Circular.) j MARWAOIS amongst llio Upper Ten Thousand-aye, and no less within tho circle one grade below-is now noto- riously nn afl'air of exchange, a matter of market price. What if tho exchange is too often a real robbery, tho market Crico of the commodity exorbitantly igl) r We make thc world a preuent of this part of the argument. We are now contending against monstrous evil in the abstract-tho sacrifice of human hearts at the shrine of Mammon, the passing of our children through the fiery furnace of the matrimonial mint. Good Mrs. Primrose, in "The Vicar of Wakefield," deplores the venality of polite society in this momentous matter of marriage, during a conversation with that gossip of gossips, Mr. Burchell, immortalised as thc author of " fudge." The parson's wife regrets that the ques- tion with reference to young ladies of a nubile ago is not " what i's she ?" but " «hat has she ?" Colebs, searching for a wilie in the eighteenth century, went in for a good dowry. He was not going to realise the cynic's joke, to make a fool of himself in order that he might enjoy the privilege of maintaining another man's daughter. He meditated no sonnet to his mistress's eyebrow, but bis thoughts revolved on settlements, j Musing, not amidst thc tombs, but over I a b.ottle of Bordeaux, on the propriety j of a separate allowance for tho wife of I LIB choice ; ho prudently resolved, as our American friends humourously say, " to stick a pin there." Tho poor girl, for ought lie cared, might be " left belaud " like the soldier's sweetheart in the song, and perhaps out in the cold (of tho cliurebyard) ; but so long as she " left " a saug fortune behind herself in thc Five per CeDts (then unreduced), it was all one. All one, say we ? Yes, " but dot and carry one " into tho bargain ; it was £100,000, a veritable " plum " in his pocket, and minus one to keep 1 Our modern dowagers and she-dragons, the mothers and chaperons of young England, in Mayfair comfortably resi- dent, have only reversed the relative position of the sexes. Mamma is mercenary and wise in lier generation. Her girls outnumber tho many " tales " of Captain Marryat's pasha, and these girls must be got off somehow. Tes, got off, but not as a "job lot" (wo use the commercial slang) is disposed of, in order to rid the warehouse of lumber, and at a JOBS. Ko such " alarming sacrifice " will be offered in Eaton-square or Queen's Gate. If you wish to book tbe beautiful Madeline or the bashful Belinda before she is borne off by a rival competitor, you mnst be prepared to pay 50 per cent above cost price-lo secure a handsome income for ali the luxuries and superfluities of a spoiled child-to provide pin-money, and lots of it-to make miss a lady of fashion-and to cover with compound interest, mamma's outlay nf the last twelve years on milliners' bills, muBic-masters, and the mysteries of au "accomplished" educa- tion. We Iiave spoken of Titus. Diem jteriidl lias como down, to posterity. Fancy our modern mamma losing a day, much less a season, in the prosecution of ber pet scheme. Fancy refuses the office, even after a surfeit of Mr. Leman's Dread. The dear girls are tricked out for sale-who can deny tho fact?-as systematically as the fashionable tailor in Bond-street attires his dummies for display in the Bhop front. The "scorpions" of society-younger sons -men of modest mien and limited incomes-unpromising " parties " of nil sorts, and the class known to this heart- less set as "adventurers," that is to say, young gentlemen with their way to make in the world, and honourably re- solved to be the pioneers of their own progress-are warned off us dangerous interlopers. But put money in your Surse-honestly if you can-and the all is at your feet. A vile voluptuary, : a roué with a battered constitution, a worthless reprobate, a contemptible noodle, you may be. A fig for con- siderations so trumpery ; you have broad acres, and a balance of thousands in the coffers of Coutts-have you not ? Good ; you are an eligible, estimable, ac- ceptable man ; and you have only to choose, as in AuBtrio, between a peasant's daughter and a gründe Duchesse. The rose-bud garden of girls is open at your command. The flower ¡8 ready to be plucked. Such is marriage à la mode. This sad outrage of nature, this sin agaiaet the impulses of tho unsophisti- cated heart, this suicidal suppression of spontaneous and genuine affection, often entails present penalty and ensures Hs own punishment. We say nothing of a degenerate race and a blighted offspring. Ko occasion to sermonise on thc perjury tea often committed in the very presence of the Deity by the contractors of these marriages de convenance, or to stigmatise tho wickedness of their projectors. The Begistrar-General may he left to state his evidence in the ono case, and the Judge of tho Court of Divorce in the other. Crying scandals and revelations that would bring a blush to the cheeks ' oFïtomitian attest from time to time the wrath that is written on high against Ítersistent violation of moral and physical aws. Boro anicceicntcm telethon often holds good. Avarice and ambition may overreach themselves. Excessive craft may cause destined victims to bo more careful, or the snare may be set too opeuly in tho Bight of the youngest bird. Tbe gudgeon may detect tho hook in ?pite of its bait. We have known in- stances of highly attractive girls left alone, like Moore's " Last Kose of Sum- mer," simply because mamma was so imprudent as to frighten away timid lovers hy speaking in public of her daughter e " great expectations," in the Bhape of marital income. We could cite the caso of a young woman, an amiable and accomplished gentlewoman, who might hare adorned a palace, and yet re- mained single. Wherefore? She was trout to give tho gentlemen to under- stand, in plainest terms, that if «lie married she must have her box at the Opera. How, until some insurance office will undertake to provide for the I holders of limited and temporary in- comes the necessary five or six hundred I a year, for remittance to Mr. Mnplcson, ordinary bachelors will perhaps prefer to pine away in lodgings, and if theyennuot find partners for lifo a little less high flying to put up with Mrs. Limper'« first flnor in Norfolk-street, and to solace themselves with tho occasional smiles of her n't luaus handmaiden, Betsy Broom- stick. A CHANGE of 2000 fm ii rs is marie hy tho bil loon cu m puny for conveying ii passenger out of Pari-. iíiss M"-, a young heiress of considerable percolilli attractions, elia need to be ecu ted at a dinner-party next lo a gentle ra ai» remarkable in (he fashionabls circles for the brilliancy of Iii* wit. and who li ad long made ono in tlic train of her admirers. The conversation turning on tito uncertainty of I i fi, 111 mean to insure mine," «aid tho yo imp lady archly, "in the Hope" " In the hop« of what ?" enid her admirer; " a cingle life ie hardly worth insuring. I propose we should insure our lives together, awi if you hare no object ion should prefer thc Alliance. A CABINET-MAKER employed (wo GcrmnnB as Ítortor» to délirer hin furniture. One morning ie loaded hin cart with a bureau, and gave direc- tions where to have it left. " And, by-the-by," said lie to one of them, handing him a eli i Iii np, " on your way bock get a pint o' pease." They stayed un unusual ti ni PI, and when at hist they did return, it waa soon aftf crt nine Hhat tiley had ench enormous *' bricks ** in their hats. " Why, ¡ you rase«IR," roared the angry mon, " yo« are both drunk!" "Yaw," «aid one of them; ' "you gift us tor chilling to puy a pint apiece ; ! we trinkt bimi and ne are pate so trunk aa ter ; tcuykens." ! " My dear" Fair! good, o neu cpi ci OD« Mrs. Howard, "I think Mary is in a decline." "In a what?" inquired the startled but unromantic husband. " A decline, my dear-in a decline. Vou wera far too stern with her in regard to that little affair with Mr. Young. Girl's henrie, my dear, are not like those of great rough boys ; they aro fragile thing?, my lore-very fragile. Now I have noticed that Mary acts very queer ; ehe eats nothing out penches or canned quinces, or something of that sort; nnd tn-dny, unob- served by her, I was watching lier singular movements. A spasm of pain crossed her features; she stopped in ber walk and sighed, my dear-pighed as if her heart waa breaking, said the lady. " Sighed, did she, nnd groaned ? Uinph ! Ain't you old enough yet to tell tho difference between a breaking heart and a spell of the colic?" SOCBÍTES AKD THE WIDOWEH.-A llUBband lost a dutiful and beloved wife. Tho late Ollod Lis mind with grief; and, in Iiis despair, lie would Lavo alain himself with Iiis dagger, liad not Iii« friends prevented liim. Disappointed, but still furious, he dashed lúa head against the vail, determined to seek death in some way, so as to join thc beloved one. It WSB with great difficulty that he was appeased, and persuaded to consult the sago Socralos, and ecok adrice and consolation at lu's bands, Ho did so, and the philosopher's only Answer was, " Gorae again in eight months." At the end of that time lie did not come ; for-he had married again ! FKKNCIT FEMALE HEOOISM.- Tho following sublime anecdote is related by tho Fan's corres- pondent of the Alheneeum :-The heroic spirit is not eitincl. Thc other day a lady of the Faubourg Saint-Germain heard of the death of her son, a simple Mobile ; elie sank as if dead into ochair; an old eervant lost his bend entirely and cried out, "Ah ! if inetmd of o bravo young man, Monsieur hud been a lâche, wo might etil) embrace him !" This speech roused (he poor mother, who stood up, forced buck her tears, end smiling proudly, moved towards tho aalle /{.manger, saying, " JoBoph, plaoe flowers upon thc table!"-as if it were ajele day. TUEBE is an enormous traulc carried on between the two shores of the Bosphorus, and the delay caused by thc opining und shutting of the bridges of boats, which form the only menus of communication, is very troublesome. Tun- neling by the ordinary method is not to bc thought of, as tho water is extremely doop with twenty or thirty feet of mud at the bolton). Engineers of the nineteenth century, however, are not to be lightly hauled, and Mr. Haddon, chief engineer to tho Turkish Government, has suggested a means of solving tho problem. Ile proposed to suspend or float a tunnel at about thirty-five feet below the surface of the water, allowing uninterrupted passage ti) vessels of the largest tonnage. The tunnel is to be n wrought iron tube about ten fact in diameter and 1200 feet long. It would weigh «bout 600 tons ; mairmull) weight of any trait) 400 tons; con- crete and lining to overcome thc buoyancy cf the tube, 1700 tons; water displacement, 2700 tons. Chains of great etrength will neu- tralise the upward strain when thc train is not passing. IIBNIIV WABD BEKHIEB ON INTEBKST.-NO blister draws sharper than the interest does. Of J all industries none is comparable to that of interest. It workB all day and night, in fair j weather and foul. Et has no eound in its foot- 1 steps, but truvels fast. It gnaws at a man's substance with invisible teeth. It binds industry ; with its film, as a fly is bound in a spider's web. j Debts roll a man over and over, binding hand and foot, and letting him hang upon the fatal j mesh until tho long-legged interest devours him. I There is but one tiling on u farm like it, and that ia the Cauada thistle, which swarms new plants every time you break its roots, whose blossoms aro prolific, and every flower the father of a million seeds. Every leaf ia on awl, evory branch a spear, and every plant like a platoon of bayonets, and a field of them like an armed host. The whole plant is a 1 torment and vegetable curse. And yet a fermer had better make his bed of Canada thistles than attempt to bc at case upon interest. TUB RN» OP THE STRIFE.-A correspondent I of the Pott, writing from I'uris, in describing a visit to the raíais do l'Industrie, says: - I wish I could have had with me ull those who are dazzled by tho pomp nud circumstance of war. It was pitiful, indeed, to walk through thc long galleries, mid sec those poor broken instruments of ambition. There they lay, wun end littleee, their only sign of lifo often a nervous contraction of the facial muscles, telling of the agony they suffer; while others were gasping with closed eyes, or moving a clasped îmnd backwards and forwards in the recklcBsncM of fever. There was one with a bullet in his foot, swelled to three times its natural size, biting his lips to stifle the involuntary cry us the wound WÄB dressed ; hero another terribly wounded in the hoad, withins fuco covered with n mask, having only a bolo for his noso and two foi* his eyes, wbirh looked through glazed mid lidless ; whilo by tho bedside of a third u priest was giving the Inst consolation of religion. Around and about moved the soil-footed n ureas, among whom 1 was pleased to see seveval of my country- women, ladies accustomed to every luxury and pleasure, who have left them to fulfil tho true woman1* minion towards those poor strangers. Beyond tlic wiirds is n large room, on one side of which u mortuary chapel, draped with black, hud U*-cn erected, near t>> which sat a laughing group of girls, making bandage«, while dose to them again three men eneuged in hammering together a rough deal coffin, quarrelling among themwlve*. Most terrible of all was the dcad-Uousc, Five corpses, covered with white cloth*, lay thcre.und in ono corner a hideous spectacle-two legs, freshly amputated, liad been thrown down to nwait their burial, lilis, I lien, is the end of it all. These vatio have truly pcrfonnod their »liolted task, and earned their wages. They were snatched away from their homes, hired to bo killed oif the face of God's fair enrlb for a quarrel that was never theirs ; and herc they arc, whilo the mot hers that bore them and tho women who loved them are loft to weeping and desolation, ls it enoupli, or must all such iniquities ha perpetrated for ever to tho end of the world ? Let kings see and ponder lítese things, for tho governed will find out some day that it is the duty of their governors to help them to live, and not lead tbtm out to die. Tun LiTrST TniNO OUT IS AJIEBIC»: RECTABUNISM.-Tho Cincinnati Commerria informo ¡la readers thal great religious oxciti inert Mists tit a piara twelve miles fro» I'iitersou. A new religious society oallpi *' Jehovah's Band" hus far-en started, eupplimtin; n favourite »talion of thc MciliorlKt Church Tlic Methodists sent their best preachers ti crmbut tho Iicroiy, hut they mri repudiated eurh in his turn was forced lo leave. Tin peculiar form of worship dcrelnpcs itsolf jr puffing, blowing, whistling shouting, jumping wrestling, falling on tim floor, and rolling ovei and kicking. Holli women and men engage in tho exercise. Baptism is by immersion in (lu village mill-pond at tho dead hour of night On Sunday they hold continuous services, end luke u recess for mc:ils only, refusing to read s newspaper or oren to reeeive a letlor on that day. A wealthy and well-to-do farmer of tho neighbourhood is the chief man of the band, and recently lind hie house rebuilt especially lc accommodate the brethren ; ono room, resting on strong beams, bud stood the jumping ; but n short time ago an ardent tncmbor, in a paroxysm of fanaticism, declared thnt when filled with tho Holy Ghost lie felt as light as air, and even though he jumped upon a looking-glass hs would not so much as tiruiso it with n scratch, whereupon he began to leap upon thc stone heurlh, and broke it oiT, and then, leaping on the top, broke in the frail covers, and finally smashed in a big rocking-chair before he subsided. Ueoently a convert to the new faith -a man of family-was baptised in the farmer's mill flood before the members of the band, amid shouts and cries, thc whole of the band nt one time shouting " fire," to the alarm of their neighbours, it being then after midnight. One of thc band told a reporter that as bc was at work in his barn he got the spirit, and that lie ran u milo over ditches and fences before the spirit left him, and all thia time be was so elated that bo thought IIB was flying. They will not allow anyone, excepting those belonging to tho band, to join with them in singing und jumping, or any other of their exercises, although no objection is I made to the attendance of outsiders at. the meet- ings of thu band. A dozen people will have the floor at one time, pounding and kicking, and thc whole crowd seems worked np to a fearful stale of excitement ; some jumping until they fall, tile women shrieking in the wildcRt manner, and others, praying whistling, or pulling, as if for a wager. They permit no levity on the part of the young folk during tho proceedings. Ono of the band, whose name is mentioned, is thought to he growing insane under the excitement of this religious freney. There is no doubt that the members of tho band aro sincere enthusiasts. The society now numbers over five hundred members. 