THE BANK HOLIDAY. BY PETER 'POSSUM. You work-shirking Sydney folks – with your Anni- versary Day, Queen's Birthday, New Year's Day, Good Friday, Christmas Day, Boxing Day, St. George's Day, St. Andrew's Day, St Patrick's Day, and I don't know how many more holidays – are hardly in a position to appreciate the boon which Sir John Lubbock's Bank Holidays Act has conferred, not only on bankers' clerks, but on many other harder-worked bees in our London hive. This brilliant Monday, August 7th, having been made a dies non by Parliament simply because it hap- pens to be the first Monday in August, I started for rides and rambles in London, that might enable me to discover for myself what chance the purely Parlia- ment-appointed holiday (which has no traditional popular prestige like Easter Monday, Whit Monday, and Boxing Day) has of being generally adopted. My first experience does not look promising. I meet my doctor, who tells me that he is going into the City to get cash for a cheque and purchase drugs. "You must get your druggist – if even he's open – to cash your cheque for you, then," I say, " All the banks are closed." "Closed ! – What ? Why ? The private banks, yoo ?" "Yes ; this is a bank holiday." " Dear me ! you astonish me," says my little doctor. "If this be true, you've saved me a journey; but aren't you joking? I never heard a word of it before." My little doctor gives himself up so thoroughly to his practice that he does not give himself time to look into a newspaper. I furnish him with the day's news when I meet him – out of the newspapers – and he considers me a prodigy of extensive information, so far as diurnal intelligence goes. He has formed a far less flattering estimate of my physiological and anatomical knowledge. " No, here, you mean, you are in pain," he says, pushing my hand three or four inches up or down, when I am endeavouring to point out to him the " regi«n " in which, if the wearer knows where the shoe pinches, I think that I have good reason to believe that I am ailing. But this is a digression. As the 'bus rolls down the foot of Highgate Hill, we pass, on both sides, shops closed, singly, or in twos and threes and fours. The tramway labourers are broiling over their dusty work-plying pick and spade, and driving in wedges, laying down the rails. " You've got to work as well as us," they growl half grinningly to the scowling omnibus driver and cad. But gigs with fast trotters, waggonettes, phaetons, and excursion-vans are taking puggareed men-folk and women-folk in Dolly Varden hats and Dolly Varden chintz-like upper skirts, for a day's trip into the greenly glowing country. On the pavements there are more female holiday-makers in all shades of brown, and male holiday-makers with their hats and neckties off, fanning themselves as they walk along perspiring beneath the shade of their um- brellas. A down "Favourite" 'bus blunders past in the narrow space which the inchoate tramway has left the already half-run-off-the-road omnibus. The roof of this 'bus glows like a bed of poppies. On it, in long- tailed red coats and black cocked hats, sit a party of Chelsea pensioners, who have arrived to perform as band at the "one-leg v. one-arm match " speedily to come off in the Tuffnell Park Cricket Ground hard by. Beyond the Great Northern Railway, where the shops are small and straggling, almost all of them are open. At Highbury corner, too, though out- wardly more prosperous, very few of them are closed. At Highbury, however, an influx of unmistakable holiday-makers crams the inside of the 'bus ; a grand- mother and her grandson, a fat mater familias, whose fatter lord prefers toasting on the roof to baking within the 'bus, and ungallantly sends down thence a fat parcel for his "old woman" to take charge of ; and two mothers with two babies, an old grand- mother, and a young aunt who nurses the babies in turn or both together. The old grandmother is very talkative. She informs her fellow-passengers gene- rally that "little Jemimar- Ana tumbled down stairs back'ards six months ago, and she've 'ad parrilattic fits, porr dear, ever since ; " and that her party is on its way to the British Museum, "though the South Kensington is a sight better – if you've any know- ledge o' anythink, your bound to like that." She informs one of her fellow-passengers in particular, apropos of the tram-cars, which we soon pass, that she has a brother " as is a coachsmith, and so he did ought to know – practical, you see – and he says as the trams is very good for the 'osses on 'em. but not off 'em, and for his business, too, becos they wrenches the wheels so a-crossin' 'em." In Upper-street, and the purlieus of the Angel scarcely a shop is closed, In the dingy Clerkcnwell dis- trict that lies between the Angel and Gray's Inn Road, the watch-making, and other industries carried on in private-looking houses, the fish, fruit, and vegetable selling are going on as usual. Every shop is open. Warders as usual are hastily smoking their pipes out- side the House of Correction. Neither they nor their wards will derive much benefit from the bank holi- day. In dreary greasy Gray's Inn Road, the only idlers are the usual villainous looking loafers lurking at the mouth of the narrow malodorous lanes, courts, "buildings," and " gardens " of that depressing thoroughfare. "Ah, then, I am in Hollbo-r-n ? " exclaimed a Frenchman, when the 'bus that a moment before was rattlingly jolting over granite, rolls almost noiselessly over asphalte. The Frenchman having been assured that he is in Holborn, pockets the red guide- book he has been studying, and requests to be put down at the corner of "Chanc'y-lane." He is in such a hurry to get out that he stumbled into the stomach of a green old gentleman, who is the only non-holiday-maker in the 'bus. The grim old gentleman has been redeeming the time by reading the Epistle to Titus in a black-bound pocket Testa- ment – a laudable occupation, but surely it might have made him respond to the smilingly- apologetic Frenchman's par-r-rdon with something more cour- teous than a scowl and an ugh like at paviour's grunt. There is no sign of holiday in Chancery- lane, except the closed Union Bank. Barristers are not flitting about in black gown and grey trousers, white wig and bands, but attorneys' clerks in seedily- loud costumes, and with seedily-sharp faces, are popping in and out with the usual thin or fat oblongs of blue paper. In Fleet-street most of the shops are open. "Child's," of course, is closed, the dingy, dusty banking-house that seems to have lost the faintest memory of paint, and whose plethoric bygone books are fabled to be stowed away above the archh of Temple Bar, thereto be perused by moonlight on balance-nights by the pigtailed ghosts of cashiers whose bodies are now church-yard dust. Ben Jonsou and his friends, perhaps, look over the old clerks' shoulders, since the dismal banking-house occupies the site of the jolly " Devil " tavern. " Look at that there," says the talkative old grand- mother to her party, as we rumble through Temple Bar. " That was built in the time o' the Henrys or the Edwards – I forget which on 'em I was told it was. That's hinterestin', ain't it ? And now they're a-going to pull it down – so you git a good look at it. It's a shame, I says." In the Strand Mr. D. Nutt's classical and foreign book-shop is closed – so is the Graphic office – and one or two other places of business ; but except for a con- siderable sprinkling of volunteers in uniform on the foot-path, the great thoroughfare looks much as usual. At the corner of Wellington-street we put down a very cantankerous holiday maker and his dog. We took him up at St. John's-street Road, where he kept on stopping the 'bus, and then jumping off the monkey-board in a tiff as soon as he had mounted it en route for the knife-board, because the driver, using each time less and less compli- mentary language, kept on starting before the con- ductor could catch and hand up the cantankerous passenger's cantankerous pet brute of a dog. The said dog has to be half-strangled before it can be deposited on the pavement at the corner of Welling- ton-street. Its own anxious expression of counte- nance, and that of its own fussy owner, are not regarded with unmixed pity by those whom they have kept waiting. Holiday-makers are entering and coming out of Northumberland House. In the Haymarket a res- taurant and a tobacconist's are still closed, but as I pass them owlish-looking apprentices and barmen, seedy- faced and blinking-eyed, crawl out to take down the shutters. These places were not shut because of the bank holiday, but because those who make and those who spend their living in them, look upon daylight very much as ordinary, decent-going, bodies regard the darkness of the " small hours '' – as a time to be consumed between the blankets. Not a shop is closed in Piccadilly, and not more than one, so far as my eyesight serves me, in Regent- street. As I start down into Piccadilly again, I pass the, London University – showy with statues, stone facade and polished granite decorations outside, but very suddenly subsiding into plain red brick behind. As I pass it, a disconsolate- looking youth, whom I suppose to be a plucked competitive candidate of some kind, staggers, half drowsy, half desperate, down the already dusty steps. Poor devil ! Sir John Lubbock does not seem to have given him a holiday. In the Burlington Arcade – stagnant-aired, lusciously, qiquantly perfumed – there is the usual queer gathering of people, in the pathway, i and clustering about the shop windows ; vapid hobby- dehoys about town, and ditti about country- towns – looking so feebly stupidly ugly in their used-up day- light aspect that one cannot help crediting them with far more innocence woman-wards than they would consider complimentary, poor leering young idiots ; a sprinkling of middle-aged and elderly, thoroughly bestialised men, got up as faultlessly as their tailors can get up such salacious scoundrels, but looking, so far as respect for morality and intellectuality is con- cerned, as respectable as tom-cats anxious to begin caterwauling on the tiles ; pussy, prudish old maids, prying into the arcade windows for "bargains ; " girls, who are not maids, and who, as a rule, need the paint with which they bedaub the beauty which is only apparent to their own conceit, and the befuddled ap- praisement of their "about-town" admirers, soda- soberised enough to promenade by daylight ; and innocent old gentlemen from the country, with inno- cent young daughters, who blush, but cannot under- stand why plucky old papa looks so ferocious, when an arcadian young gentleman turns his blood-shot eyes on them. The Green Park – thanks to late rains – looks greener than usual, but there is scarcely any one in it. St. James's Park is also exceptionally verdant, but the Westminster roughs that lounge prone or supine on its sunnily green lawns, snoring like rhino- ceroses, the poor squalid children, nursing or romping with squalid infants, from the Westminster slums, are, as usual, the salient features of the park. On the other side of Westminster Bridge, also, life loafs and brawls and buzzes as usual. To the left, out of Westminster Road, through a narrow street, overtopped with timber-stacks, where the only sign of holiday is a seedy man sitting vis-à-vis of his sallow wife at a bedroom window, across the foot-bridge that fringes the railway, Hungerford Bridge, whose more-frequent-than-even-usual train- rumblings do tell of holiday-keeping, and down to the Hungerford Pier beyond the green-turfed, tiny treed, and scarlet-geranium-dotted Embankment gardens, within which old and young are rambling. Whilst I wait for a city boat, the rusty Westminster and Woolwich boat Elfin, already crowded, sidles up to the dummy to get crammed with people bound for the Cockney delights of the North Woolwich Gardens. At Lon- don Bridge a bigger saloon boat, still more crammed, is just about to start for Rosherville and more distant and less pleasant bournes. People are pouring down to the sea-going and up-river boats as I pass up the old Shades passage. A blue green-eyed costermonger and a seedy-coated mate are calling their attention to the wheeled store of lemonade, ginger- beer, and other summer beverages which almost stops the way. A waiter belonging to a public-house remonstrates, but is silenced with – " You shut up ! You can't keep yerself, but you get a deal more now than you're worth ! " And so into the shut-up city, wherein strange sights are to be seen. Broad-street, Throgmorton-street, Bartholomew- lane, Lothbury, Threadneedle- street, have an almost Sunday-like solitariness. The Bank of England and the Royal Exchange are sealed sepulchres. On the doorsteps of one of the many banks of Lombard-street, sit three tired dusty rustics eating bread and cheese off crumpled newspaper. Gracechurch-street, Bishops- gate-street-within, Leadenhall-street, and Fenchurch- street (until just before it merges into Aldgate), are shut up. Cheapside is shut up. Cornhill is shut up, barring Birch's. In George-yard, Lombard-street, I pass a solitary maiden in blue, who is apparently first at a sequestered lovers' tryst. In Cowper's-court, the only persons I meet are an emancipated mes- senger and his congener who, when asked whether he is free, growls half- sulkily, half-anticipatively " not for ten minutes yet." The City proper, – although crowds pour through it, is shut up. Dining-place after dining-place in the City I hungrily seek to find them shut. Crosby Hall, the Gresham Restaurant, Izant's, and at least half a score besides I besiege in vain. And so home again through Princes-street, be- tween the dusty dead wall of the Bank of England and the shattered Joint Stock Banks on the other side of the way ; through crowds of people still pouring to the so-called Moorgate-street (really Finsbury) terminus of the Metropolitan Railway and the tram- cars beyond. So far as the City is concerned, Sir John Lubbock has created another genuine holiday, and doubtless next year the non-City part of London will follow the City's example in striking work on the first Monday of golden August. 