Theatrical and Amusements. On Saturday evening Mr. Tavares commenced a fare well engagement of twelve nights at the Prince of Wales Theatre, prior to his departure from the colonies. His Hamlet has been before referred to as a representation of the Prince of Denmark which evinces careful study and originality. Like others who have devoted attention to the character as de picted by Shakspeare, Mr. Tavares has found reasons for departing from the old stage groove, and making, points which, rightly or wrongly, have escaped notice, or were considered too unimportant by others. Throughout the whole of the performance he en grossed the attention of the audience, and was warmly applauded. The cast was almost perfect in nil its details. Miss Carey played Ophelia with marked power, and Miss Cooper has so often played the Queen that all playgoers know her merits. Miss Burton as Osric was commendable. Mr. Bartlett as the Ghost, Mr. Holloway as the King, Mr. Welsh as Polonius, Messrs. Young and Simms as the Grave diggers, were all that an audience could desire. 'London Assurance' was played on Monday, and the excellence of Mr. Tavares' Sir Harcourt Courtly was very perceptible. Of its merits, it is sufficient to say that no such representative of the character has ever been seen here. Miss Surtees made her first appearance at this theatre, on Tuesday, in the 'Two Roses,' and increased the favourable im pression formed of her ability when she made her debut here. Mr. Tavares played Digby Grant with his usual ability, and the stars were well supported by MisB Carey, Messrs. Holloway, Young, and other members of the company. The same bill was pre sented on Wednesday. The audiences have been rather thin during the last few nights. ' Man and Wife,' a play of the highly sensational school, was produced at the Victoria Theatre, on Saturday night to the delight of the gamins, who revel in such intellectual amusement as the race scene in ' Formosa,' and the concert- room scene in ' After Dark,' with its Tommy Dodd accom panyment. 'Man and Wife' may please the million, though in point of literary merit or con structive ability, it ranks very much below some re cently produced pieces which failed to draw expenses. Its great feature is a scene at a foot race, where the audience are treated to the 'three card game,' tumbling not of the lofty kind, and the antiquated fire-eating trick. With 'the manner in which the play is cast there is very little cause to grumble. Mrs. Heir, as Anne Sylvester, gives a life-like impersonation of the illused wife, and Madame Wilthorp's Lady Lundre is not devoid of merit, Miss Holt and Miss Montagu assist in making the play attractive, and Messrs. Darrell, Howe, Power, Andrews, Irwin, Douglas, and Davis sustain their parts with ability. Signor Vertelli has on each evening displayed his powers as a gymnast, &c.; Miss Allmite and Mr. Flexmore have danced, and Mr. Margetts has appeared in smeo of his comic scenas. Many old Australian actors and actresses are settling in the United States. Alexander Fitzgerald, for merly of the Victoria, is stage- manager of the St. Charles Theatre, New Orleans, where H. R. Warner and Jolm Collins are to play during the winter. John How6on is playing at the Varieties Theatre in that city, and Rose Evans pro ceeds there after playing a star engagement at Niblo's Theatre, New York. Dominick Murray is on a starring tour out West. Frank Howson is musical director of the Oates's comic opera troupe, now travel ling in the Southern States. Joe Jefferson was engaged to play a short engagement at Indianapolis prior to opening at Cincinnati. Charles Mathews played a very successful engagement at Halifax in July, and was expected to return there after a tour through the States. The Worrell Sisters were located in Iowa by latest advices ; and one of the latest addi tions to the American stage has been Master Yeamans, who is pronounced an infant prodigy. His father, Ned Yeamans, is well known here, and his mother,, formerly Miss Griffiths, is a Sydney native. 