In another column of this day's Mail will be found a foma fide letter bearing the signa ture of "A Mechanic," whose suggestions bear a similar character to those we have made even to the " turning point" from time to tame. It is not, to tne simplest compre hension, difficult to understand why institu tions' of a mutually progressive character are frowned down upon, vilified, and condemned by those whose interests trend in an opposite direction to that of improvement. Ever ready at all times to listen to and admire the censure of mere talking disputants are those who condemn the arguments of others who would promote the employment of spare time in a rational and careful manner. The spirit of the time will no longer put up with this false and inconsequential logic. Our correspondent is in earnest when he says the project of a Mechanics' Institution is laud able; but that unlucky hypothesis will oreep in— -"If some of our influential men" would do the demonstrative, the ladies would be sure to follow. " Great is Diana of the Ephesians 1" but we have no Ephesus, and Dianas are peculiarly scaroe, it is to be feared. The problem referring to Dionisius has yet to be solved. We can hold the sub- limest faith in singleness of purpose, but when that virtue is placed is a false medium of observation we doubt the fulness and even the truth of a sentiment merely uttered in vague generality. The purpose of our " Mechanic" correspondent cannot be doubted, and his intention is as true as his meaning is unmistakeable. We do not lack an understood system of intellectual re source Police Courts are now sought after as places of amusement and fields of obser vation with a limit of the power of the object-;J.ass incapable of being gauged by any known rule of measurement. The win ters' nights having come again it is a sen sible theory to propound that they may be turned to good account. It would be far better to challenge a battle of wits on a fair arena, " where bright eyes can look upon men's deeds" than to court controversy over the decadence of Victoria in the loss of the fastest trotter or the collapse of the heaviest squatter. " A Mechanic" is right ; and the mechanism of his belief, as seen through his doubts, is of the proper working order. " Constant droppiug will wear away a stone," is an axiom of oareless belief ; but we doubt if constant writing will effect any purpose the fulfilment of which our "influ ential muu' have persistently 3et their faces | against. But we have the saving element of the ladies. They can accomplish the r itional enjoyment of their winter evenings, and they will if they so please. Taking the motto from Hesiod of old they may be apostrophised in these words : — "If thou a little with a little blend Continual, mighty shall the heap ascend." The subject may appear to be stale, but the importance of it is ever fresh and new. We thank the " Mechanic" for his letter, and can only offer to him our cordial co-operation in trying to carry out what he so praise- worthily desires to effect. The hundredth year from the birth of the great author and poet known throughout the world, Sir Walter Scott — will be com pleted on the 15 th of next month, and we are right glad to perceive that it is the in tention of the leading inhabitants of Mel bourne and other towns in the colony to celebrate the anniversary ; men from all English speaking countries willingly com bining for the purpose. The celebrations in honor of the memory of men of letters who have established for themselves an un dying fame have a deeper heart in them than we may be led to imagine. They serve to shew more of gratitude for the men whose deeds " live after them," than can appear upon the evanescent surface of things, and they preserve as well as promote that genuine appreciation of learning, indus try, talent and power to amuse, which forms a larger proportion of the depth of true hap piness than we are apt to think of, much less to believe. Although centuries have passed, nations still cling to and are proud of the names of their "bright particular stars" of art and literature. No matter how many cycles of time will roll over in. the future, England will still boast of her Shdkspeare, Germany its Schiller and Goethe. Italy her Dante, Machiavelli, and Boccacoio for her writers, and painters of the olden time that are numberless. Nations love and rever ence the names of their great departed for the instruction afforded by their works in the present, and it is a grand thing to know that in. these undoubted days of frivolity, there are men and women who can and do under stand the lights so long shining for their guidance, and which the force of genius will, for aye, keep burning. If Scott had only written " Waverley," and " Guy Manner- ing," and his poem of the " Lady of the Lake," and that one apostrophe on the love of country so well known, his fame would have been made and Ma title, of wizard of the north fairly earned. But when we find him writing of scenes laid in the land of the Crusades, as in the " Talisman," in the Court of France, as in ." Quentin Durward;" of the time of the Saxons and Norman tyranny, as "in ."Tvarihoe of the doings of England as in "Kenil worth," admi - ration is lost in the immensity of ths writer's Mstorical research, and the provable accu racy of his details. Referring to the novels treating of the author's own cauutry it can only be said that " None but himself oould be Ms parallel." Like Ms poet-countryman Burns, the "———Poet peasant born. Who more of fame to his loved country brings Than all her kings," as- Miss Craig sang in the oentenary poem, the habits of Sir Walter Scott were of the simplest. Besides being a learned anti quarian, his love of nature, animals, and country pursuits was unbounded, and bis sympathies with mankind great and unerring, as who could read the "Heart of Mid- Lothian" without being convinced of. His name, as an author was long unknown except to his publishers, until half accident, half, necessity compelled" the admission; . thus bespeaking the modesty of Ms nature and carelessness of that peculiar kind of glitter whichattends the literary world. Alluding to the forthcoming anniversary we are reminded that throughout the sur rounding 'district countrymen of the' great auciior are numerous ana patriotic, ana we are sure that the suggestion will not be deemed impertinent that tbey, with neigh bours hailing from other countries may cor dially join in celebrating tMs centenary ' by such means as will shew to their children that the memory of those who have made Home famous is one of the virtues it is not wise to disregard. If the inevitable paragraph about the weather has to be written there are surely some grounds for doing so this week, the past days and nights of which have been bitterly cold, damp, and foggy. Every third person, of any age, has a cough, and Australian phenomena have existed in the shape of blue noses and chilly digits. Weather prophets of the uncomfortable order predict a scorching summer. The business of the Avoca Police and Warden's Courts again occupied the whole of the allotted hours of Wednesday last, three or four cases in the latter being again adjourned. There was a full muster of the legal fraternity, including Messrs Worsley, Tripp, Hoskins. Matthews, and Cooke. We desire to remind our readers that this is the day appointed for the closing of the European Mail. The Australian News for the current month, of which we have received a copy, contains a number of engravings of colonial and Californian scenery, several of them being far above the average merit of wood engravings in this country. The reading matter is carefully selected, and gives a fair sum mary of the news for the month. Mr Bryant is the local agent. While at all times willing to give insertion to complaints referring to matters of a public nature we think it will be sufficient to notify that the very early adjournments of some of our local courts have given rise to much plainly expressed dissatisfaction. It is manifest injustice to no incon- siderablo number of working men to be made to come from a distance, week after week, and waste several days waiting for their cases to come on or be concluded. If legal gentlemen who are engaged come from a distance— and who we are always happy to see — are anxious to return to their domestic hearths by daylight, it scarcely forms a reason for continual losses of whole days to working men of a multiplied character. It would be better for the gentlemen who are paid to sacrifice a night or two now and then in Avoca, and keep their memories fresher into the bargain. One hour earlier inj the morning, and one later in the afternoon might, perhaps, lead to good results, with the understanding that cases are capable of great condensation by advocates employed. We trust we have said as much as our correspondence amounts to. The contractors for rebuilding the Avoca bridge, Messrs Milne and Gartley, are proceeding vigor ously with their work. The difficult task of dis mantling a heavily injured structure has been successfuly managed, and the first new pile was driven on Thursday last. The operations of the " monkey," or pile-driver, were gazed at by many who had never seen such an ingenious instrument worked before. We hope there will be no floods to hinder the carrying on of the contract to its completion. That the aborigines were at no remote period very numerous in this portion of the colony is proved by the many traces and relics that remain behind them. The neighborhood of Homebush, near Avoca, must have been one of their favorite camping grounds. Near the Golden Lake Com pany's claim some dezen of native ovens may still be seen, of considerable dimensions. From some of these, of late years, the miners and sma'l farmers have carted hundreds of loads of rich carbonaceous soil to manure their gardens and corn lands. These native ovfins have a circumference of some 30 or 40 feet, while the rich soil rises in some instances three or four feet from the surface of the ground. In this soil, when the ovens are opened, are found interspersed distinct layers of lime, no doubt formed by the debris of their periodical feasts. Of the Amherst and Upper Avoca tribes of the aborigines, once so numerous, at the present time scarcely a vestige remains ; and it may be truly said that in the Avoca district the footprints of the blackfellow will be shortly altogether obliterated. Grievous complaints are made about the state of the road leading from the turn by the mill to Am phitheatre. In some places it is all but im passable for heavy traffic, being full of deep holes and what drivers terra soft places. If the present weather should continue (and it looks very like a " set-in" for a time), the absence of a little timely outlay and labor will be a source of regret when a thorough making or re-mending must be taken in hand. The July monthly meeting of the Shire Council will be held on Tuesday next, the alteration in the day this month being rendered necessary by the revision courts. A good deal of business of impor tance is expected to be brought before the meeting. There was a largp attendance at the meeting of the Mutual Improvement Society held on Wednes day last. In the absence of the President, Mr A Grewar occupied the chair. The proposition res pecting the publishing of some prize poems was discussed and ultimately withdrawn, as a fear was entertained by some of the members that it would not pay expenses. We learn, however, that the idea in a necessarily modified form will shortly be carried into effect by a private individual of' this town. There were also several new members elected, and several nominations made. Among the latter were the names of three ladies, and this im- mediately gave opportunity to some of the dis affected towards the " fair" to shew a spirit of oppo sition and to threaten the proposers with the " black ball" if they brought the nominations to the ballot. We do not for a moment suppose that the parties referred to will commit such a grave breach of good manners as to black-ball a nominre> being a lady, when a majority of the society has previa uly decided tb|t ladies shall be admitted. To say the least of it a young man who would be guilty of such an action would stand very much in need of ' im provement," and that of a much more elementary character than could be accomplished upon the " mutual" principle. . The business for next week wiil be a discussion to determine " Has the Pulpit or the Press the greater influence We learn from the local Chronicle that Mr Mulcahy of Ararat, well and favourably known for many years as of Redbank, has become the pro prietor of the Royal Exchange Hotel, Pleasant Creek. We, in common jwith his many friends, hope the " change is for the better," as the phrase goes. Mr Mulcahy, during his residence in the neighbourhood and at Ararat has filled many offices of a public character, to the satisfaction of the public, his neighbours. He hss paid a visit Home since leaving this district, and his return to the colony may be taken as fair evidence of so good a judge that he prefers it of the two. The papers lately have been full of the proceed ings of a vulgar and blasphemous impostor calling himself "the Messiah." The scene of this pre tender's operations appears to be the neighborhood of Nunawading, a district beyond Melbourne, and inhabited by a strange set of people, if one tenth of what is reported be true. The fellow pretended to heal diseases, and, wonderful to relate, women against whose virtue any ordinary creature could not breathe a word have become the blind victims to a belief in his power, and we should be sorry to think them other than blind. We find a farmer named Wilson admitting, in answer to Mr Temple- ton, at the Count of Petty Sessions, at Oakleigh, on Saturday last, that the " Messiah" went to his house with " a couple of his wives with their chil dren." This in 1871 ! The whole thing is sick ening ; too much so for publication in these columns. The magistrate's opinion and the result may be gathered from the conclusion of the case : — Mr.Templeton (addressing the prosecutor Wilson and others), " If you be such fools as to be taken in by the tricks which you say were put upon you, it cannot be helped. At the same time I must say if the statements made are true, it will be a pity if the defendant is able to escape from punishment in some way or other. In the opinion of the Bench, however, the information now before them cannot be supported. They do not think the charge could be hrought as one of false pretences, and the case must therefore be dismissed." Mrs Wilson, on leaving the box, threw up her hands and exclaimed " He said he would mesmerise Mr Templeton, and he has done it." Thus ended one of the most dis gusting cases ever tried in Victoria. An inquest was held on Monday iast, before I, Worsley, Esq., the District Coroner, on the body of the infant child of Robert Caldwell, who lives on the banks of the Avoca River in a cottage not far from Knott's Bridge. The cause of the death wa. suffocation or indigestion brought on by giving food in the shape of sop or soaked bread. The child was only a fortnight old, and a verdict was returned in accordance with the circumstances. Simply for the information of our readers at Glenlogie and Landsborough, we desire to notice that a land sale will be held at Stawell on the 18th July instant, comprising land in the two former places. Advertisements appear in in papers not circulating in the districts, and are not sent to this office as they should be to give the parties most interested notice. Doubtless this will be altered now that Mr Grant has resumed office. The notice we refer to is signed by Mr McPherson, Mining matters during the past week have worn a brighter aspect than usual. The tributers of the Golden Lake are now obtaining good yields, washings of from 12oz to 16oz per day having heen obtained since blocking out has commenced. A good many heavy parcels of gold have been lately sold at No. 1 Creek. At Fiddler's Creek, the ground opened near Clapperton's machine is yield ing well ; some fine samples of heavy gold were unearthed this week from the upper portions of the lead. There are few things, perhaps nothing, speaking so well for the advance of a comparatively new com munity than its improved tastes for the higher branches of art. A few years ago such an enter tainment as Italian opera pura would have been derided like the senseless and vulgar mockery of what people called " bell-toppers." It is most I pleasing to read of the successes gained by the Italian Opera Company in Melbourne, as well as j to know there are clever critics of the Metropolitan newspapers who can scientifically gauge the quality of musical capabilities. That such an opera as Mozart's Hon Giovani could be "mounted," sung, acted, and above all thoroughly appreciated by a Melbourne audienee must satisfy some of the obsti nate, blind, or thick-headed in the old country of what can be done in this. We begin to fear that much of the observant power of England has, as principal guiding elements, money and conceit. We write this in Australia it is true, and the words will go Home by this morning's post. Nevertheless we are not afraid to use the stereotyped phrase, "Home papers please copy." An extraordinary charge of arson against Mr James Walker, a farmer of Newbridge, is under investigation at the Tarnagulla Police Court. The announcement of the proceedings appears in the Maryborough Advertiser of yesterday. The charge is that of wilfully setting fire to a stack of bay, worth .£140, the property of Mr John Bayley, a butcher of Newbridge ; and the evidence against the accused is that of his wife, or rather, that of a woman who lived with him as his wife, which appears highly inculpatory as to facts and state ments. It would appear Mrs Walker was married to the defendant while his former wife was alive in England, and hence the law relating to the evidence of wives against husbands, prohibiting, or rather exempting such evidence, did not apply, and her evidence was taken. The case was adjourned until this day, Saturday, so whether a commitment followed by Mr F. K. Orme, the presiding magis trate, or not, cannot of course be known. The evi dence of Mrs Walker was to the effect that Walker had threatened to burn the stack down, and that he meant to do so by means of a rag dipped in kerosene, and which he would do. It is a strange- affair, none the less so because of the apparently willing part the woman takes in it. We are glad to perceive that the residents in the- bustling and thriving district of Ararat have es tablished an Agricultural and Horticultural Society under most favorable circumstances, and having appointed a committee of twelve from the different ridings of the Shire, they have gone to work. M Samuel Uren, a well known resident of Timor Creek, has informed the Maryborough Advertiser that a man in his employ, whilst grubbing in a pa Idock, came across a nest of snakes containing the extraordinary Dumber of 100 of these reptiles, the largest of which measured 4ft. in length. No wonder a " caution" should apply to creatures of such terrible fecundity. A more than usually daring attempt at Bank robbery was made at the branch of the Commercial Bank, at Collingwood, on Wednesday afternoo A man entered the bank and presented a cheque, which appeared to be useless, and while the manager, Mr Jamieson, was examining and com_ menting upon it, the intruder drew a sort of leaden sling- bolt and struck him a severe blow on the chest, breaking a rib. I he noise brought into the bank Mr Williams, a clerk, and the would-be " sticker up" made off, but was subsequently captured. The fellow, who is believed to 6e insane> gave the name of Charles Marshall, and is though1 to be the same man who, some time since, threat ened to shoot Sir James McCulloch. At a meeting of the subscribers of the Corrigan in euiuuai ruuu ueiu on 1 uesaay anernoon, at tne Town Hall it was resolved that the amount to the credit of the fund, after providing for all expenses and in all £1,138 9s 3d, be invested in mortgage on real property towards the maintenance and edu cation of the family. It was also resolved that, in the event of the widow and family dy ing bjfore the yoimgest child shall have attained to the age of twenty-one years, the interest accruing from the money invested should be devot-d towards an exhibition in the Melbourne University, to be called ihe " Corrigan Exhibition." A cabman named Lynch, who philosophically believes that the circulation of money must result in benefit to the community at large, sued at the district court for the recovery of a fare of 2s 6d from a certain wellknown legal gentleman. The sum had been due three months, and since the summons had been issued 5s had been paid into Court. Lynch however said he had expended 5s for the summons, and although he would get that back he would still be without his fare. Mr Call remarked that he would make an order for 2s 6d and 7s 0d costs, but it might take another 5s to recover that. Lynch replied that he was afraid so, but in any case it would do some good to have the money spent, so he accepted the order and went away rejoicing. An important decision has been arrived at in the Supreme Court in the case of Joseph Henry < Davies. who was convicted and imprisoned for stealing gold from his co-adventurers at Blackwood, which conviction, we assume, was appealed against. It was proved that the land from which the gold was taken was held under lease from the Crown, and it was contended on his behalf that the section of the statute making the removing of gold an offence only applied to " claims"— -that is, land held under miners' rights, and not to leased land. The Court concurred with this view, and quashed the conviction. The prisoner, who has been in gaol since his conviction in April last, will now be r. Incvl , The Pastoral Times has got a starting griev. ance. It complains of the quality of the brandy sent out to Melbourne, " a large quantity of which is imported to Riverina. Most of this is so adul terated uith alcohol as to be poisonous to a degree. We have seen an account of tests applied to Mel bourne brandy and whiskey wherein it was shown that upwards of 45 per cent of the stuff called 4 brandy' is composed of alcohol, and we see the results of its maddening effects upon our bushraen, many of whom abstain from stimulants for months, some for one year, others for two and more. When, after this abstinence, the first glass is taken, there is a mad craving for more and more until the hraiu 6eems to reel." Why shouldn't there be a New Colonists Asso ciation ? I've been here a good many years— writes Peerybingle— -and ever since I first came have been trying to find out why an Old Colonist's better than the fresher article ; and I havn't been able. On the contrary, Iv'e sometimes a mind to say I didn't believe the Old was better than the New, or even the Second-hand. Somehow, when ever I hear of a particularly wooden- headed old card, that hasn't got two ideas to rub together, and that goes prowling about with the everlastiug yarn that he's.3- Colonist of 325 years standing— some how when I run against one of these ancients, I feel inclined to ask him to leave off standing as soon as possible, and to lie down and die without, making any more fuss about it. They are not so. bad now as they used to be in what they call the- " good old times," when they'd shut you up fot- having an opinion of your own with " I ought to. know best ; I'm a colonist of 90 years' standing— my word. I once bought Collingwood for a bottle of rum and a few matches, and sold it next week for- a box of sardines and a German concertina— then very scarce in the market. I recollect seeing a< blackfellow and his lubra camping on the exact- spot where Walsh Brothers have got a jeweller's shop. I remember when the Yarra was bordered with splendid trees that we let anybody go and cut down. I've seen sheep grazing where the par lour now is of the Bank of New South Wales j and yet you argue with me just as if you was an old colonist— my word." Sometimes I meet a vener-. able being that talks like this even now ; and I, in general, let him cackle on, unless he gets too saucy, and then I swear at hira in high Dntch. As h& isn't good at ' languages this always floors him,, and he toddles off grumbling : " I ought to know." Why I was born in a raia mia where Mrs. W arne's pork and sausage shop is in Swanston street— I ought to know better than a new chum that's only been here about twenty years. Under the heading of " A day with a kangaroo"" we find the following in the Hamilton Spectator. - A party of fourteen gentlemen had some capitai sport the other day at Mr Watson's, Mount Napier, where they had assembled to start in- search- of flying doe, kangaroo brush, and wallaby. After a good morning's work, the party made for the- Piccanniny Mount, where a good lunch was pro-- vided. They started again, round the Mount and homewards, like giants refreshed, and when at four p.m. the sport was given over, it was found, that they had bagged an average of twenty, five head to. each gun. Good news for the consumptive comes- across the- sea. The New York physicians have left off- dosing everybody suspected of phthisis, with, cod-, liver oil. Patients we may presume, revolted at last against the sickening nastiness of the- dose,, whereupon the idea dawned upon the faculty thati any result accomplished by cod liver oil would be? attained by wholesome palatable cream. The cow- is the sufferer's friend now, and not the cod.. Patients are made to live on good fresh milk instead? of sipping the nauseous product of problematical; livers. The effectisreportedto.be all that- can be- desired. At any rate the milk cures just as many- as the oil did — which is perhaps not saying much — - while the sufferer also finds himself growing fat,, becoming gentle and childlike, and bland in his demeanor. Who would not, indeed,, experience- the change, once relieved from the dread of the oik dose ?' And why, it may be asked, should we stop, here ? There are other oils included in the pharina- copceia besides the essence of the cod. Castor-oik is as objectionable to the palate and the stomach as; the fish fluid is, and a substitute might be found? for this vegetable preparation. Oils are just the- sort of physic one would throw to the dogs. The- canine race like them; men do not. In the in terests of a shuddering humanity, the faculty may be asked to consider seriously this momentous, question ; rememberiug that whereas Scripture tells, us oil is sent to make the face of man to shine, the- way they use it causes the countenance to become.- distorted with disgust. — Jelegraph . It is conjectured that in a few days Sandhurst will be raised to the dignity of a city.. This (say& the Bendigo Advertiser ) will be but the proper due- of a town which has so increased iu population prosperity, and importance, during the past couple ui jcaio no cauuuuisi uas. n 15 some time since- application was made to have Sandhurst declared a city — shortly after Ballarat received that title. The census has proved Sandhurst to have the requisite population, and therefore there is no reason why the- metropolis of the North should not be placed on a footing with Geelong and Ballarat. At a meeting held at Sandhurst on Monday night it was resolved that the banquet to be given to the Ministry should be held on the 20th instant, and a general committee of forty three gentlemen, with power to add to their number, was formed. At the meeting, it is said, the Chief Secretary had sig nified his intention to accept for himself and col leagues the invitation to the banquet. Time, instead of lessening belief in the Burnt Bridge ghost, has (says the correspondent of the- Ballarat Star) rather intensified that feeling, and this is particularly true of one of the party from Lai Lai that visited the haunted house. This person is so imbued with fear ever since that he is almost prostrate. On Friday night a crowd gathered around him in his dwelling, to hear his version of the adventure, when, from some cause, the visitors unceremoniously rushed out. Finding himself thus left the sole occupant of the house, he hastily snatched up a blanket, but in his excessive confusion and hurry left his hat and boots behind, and applied all available speed iu making his escape to my house, distant about sixty yards, and pitifully im plored admittance. He said he must have travelled the distance in thirteen bounds so great was his terror, and he seriously congratulated himself upon his good fortune in not coming bump against a tree. Just fancy a man about forty-five years of age, about six foot six inches high, with hair stand ing on end, bare headed and bare footed, clearing huge logs and other obstructions as if the arch-fiend himself were at his heels, from sheer terror of a ghost, and one would have a faithful picture of the man on Friday night. At Clarendon, a party of men of undoubted bravery is organising to chal lenge the ghost at his haunt, and they propose to fur nish themselves with firearms in case of meeting with tangible resistance. Tattooing in its extensive form is generally believed to be an appanage of uncivilised life, but an example is afforded to the contrary by the Hobart Town Mercury, which goes to show that white men sometimes indulge to a high degree in this decoration of the body. A man in Hobar t Town, named Isaac Comer, who has a string of convictions against his name quite appalling, but who, after a long prison life, has heen at liberty since 1867, has his body nearly covered with marks indelibly tattooed into the skin. The following almost incredible list of such marks should, we imagine, leave no doubt as to his identity should he at any future time be required : — On his right arm, man smoking a pipe, S U, woman with glass, Jane Bell, woman and man smoking pipes, R C, glass and jug on table, man, O C, sundry stars, a half moon, man and woman hand in hand, sun, woman with glass, W M, woman with glass, mermaid, and eun. On the back of bis right hand — Anchor, crucifixion, J B, J C, and seven stars. A ring on on the middle finger of right hand. On his left arm — Highlander, man with hat in his hand arm- in-arm with a woman, B J C, blue square, turkey fowl, sun, J C, J B, crown, anchor (upside down), crucifix, anchor, sun, woman, crucifixion, sun, half moon, nine dots, heart and darts, and shears. Bracelet on left wrist. On back of left hand — twenty one dots, seven stars, anchor, five hearts, A J B, and sun. Ring on each finger of left band. On his breast — ship, mermaid, hull of a ship, two men sparring. On his right thigh — Woman, seven stars, crucifixion, sun and moon. On his left thigh— Man smoking a pipe, mermaid with comb and looking glass, seven stars, a woman with dove in her hand, man hanging from a gallows, man and ladder. There is also a ring round belly. Seven stars, two rings, and anchor inside his legs, besides marks on other parts of his body. Patrick Hartigan is wanted by the police for the wilful murder of James Stevenson, at War- renheip, near Ballarat, On the 3rd May last the deceased was admitted into the Ballarat Hospital suffering from a fracture of the skull, supposed to have been received by accident, and died on the 24th ult. It has now been ascertained that the de ceased was murderously assaulted on the 28th May last with a heavy rail by Hartigan, who remained about the neighborhood until the death of Stevenson and then went to Melbourne for the purpose of going to New Zealand. Hartigan (say6 the Police Gazette) 41 is aware that he is wanted." The valuable collection of minerals gathered by Mr. Daintree for the Queensland Government for for the purpose of being exhibited in the London Exhibition of 1871, was (says the Northern Argus) lost in the Queen of the Thames. The Sparrow keeps on turning up (writes Peery- bingle). Now there's no fruit about you may observe the sparrow making his dinner off blue- ctone metal in the streets, and seeming to be partial to it. He is not a particular bird, and if grapes and things are not handy, will take as kindly as can be to grass- seed, sweepings, small pebbles and worms. Putiing sparrows and worms together, calls to mind tbe Yankee story of the two horticultural females that asked this question of a limp swell, 44 Please Mr Popsy, which do you think the worst — the sparrows or tbe worms?" Popsy never hesitated a minute, but answered, 44 I weally dont know, I nevvaw had spawwows /" 