THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH. The Government have laid before Parlia ment the agreement between Messrs. Darwent & Dalwood iu reference to the northern portion of the Overland Telegraph, together with specifications, general condi* tions, and instructions to Mr. McMinn. The contract stipulated for the construction of two sections — A extending over 250 miles, at a cost of £60 per mile; and J5 extending over an equal distance, at the rate of £S9 per mile. The total amount involved was £37,250, independently of any extension of the line beyond a point 500 miles south of Port Darwin, the payment for which was to be at the rate of £92 per mile. The contractors undertook to have the line ready for use on or before the 1st January, 1S72, and in default to submit to a fine of £20 per day. The specifications enter r very minutely into the character of the clearings for the line, the quality of the poles to be employed, and the course to be pursued in attaching the line to them. They also directed that one station should be erected at the Roper, and another at Section JB ; that the undertaking was to be carried on by at least two working parties of not less than thirty men in each ; that the work was to be thoroughly sub stantial and business-like; and made full provision, first in reference to the chartering of a vessel to convey the constructing party and the Government overseers to the Northern Territory, and secondly in refe rence to the employment of the Gulnare in the examination of the Roper. A sum of iifty per cent, on the value of the horses, stock, material, and plant was to be advanced to the contractors immediately upon their being placed on board, on conditiou that such stock, material, and plant were con veyed to the Government, and rendered liable to become their absolute and sole pro perty should the contractors fail to proceed with the work within thirty days of the arrival of the vessel or vessels at Port Darwin. This contingency, so far as is known, did not arise. The payments, as the i construction progressed, were to be madea3 follows:— Fifty per cent, on the value of the work performed on. Section A, less fifty per cent, of the advance; seventy-five per cent, on the value of the work performed on Section B, less the advance as before; no instalment to be passed until at least one fourth of the work was completed. The general conditions for the construc tion of the line explain in detail the relative duties of the contractors and Government overseers, and deicribe the extent to which the latter may exercise their powers. The instructions to Mri McMinn ire very minute. They set out the scale of rations to which he and his assistants, officers, and men are entitled; specify the articles which he is to take with him; direct him as to his proceedings on arrival at Port Darwin, and in prosecuting the examination of the country southward to the Roper; define the functions of himse1? and of Mr. Burton, his second in command ; and other wise declare the policy by which he should be guided in his dealings with the contractors and with the nativer. There is, however, little in them which has not already been made public. Of course these documents acquire their chief interest from the fact of the annul ment of the contract between Messrs. Darwent & Dalwood and the Government. The clauses under which it is to be presumed Mr. McMinn acted are scattered through the whole of the pax?: 3- 'one appearing in the contract, another in the specification, another in the general conditions, and others in the instructions. 'Whilst the possibility exists that the matter will be referred to a legal tribunal for settlement we shall make no comment upon these clauses, but it can prejudice neither party to publish them in full. The allusion to cancellation in the contract proper runs thus:— 'It is lastly agreed that, in case the said works or any part thereof shall not be completed within the period hereinbefore fixed, or if the work in either section is not progressing in a satis factory manner, of wh?ch the respective Overseers of Works shall be the judges, each for the section for which he is Overseer, it shall be lawful for the said Overseer of Works to enter and take xwssession and finish the same at the cost of the contractors, but without prejudice to the right to recover the penalties hereinbefore and in the specifi cation and conditions mentioned.' The clause in the specification is as follows :— '21. Should the contractors fail to proceed with the work in the manner and at the rate of progress required by the Overseer of Works for the time being-, the said Commissioner shall have the option of declaring the contract voi.1, notice thereof in writing; not exceeding one month being given by any officer of the Government authorized for that purpose by the Commissioner of Public Works ; and all sums of money that may be due at that time to the contractors for work performed, together with that named iu the bond to be entered into by the contractors and their sureties or otherwise as penalties for the non-fulfilment of the contract, shall be absolutely forfeited to the Government, and the amount shall be considered as ascertained damages for breach of contract agreed on between the parties; the said Commissioner to have full power to use all materials, implements, and stock at that time belonging to the contractors and on the work that may be required for the completion of the line contracted for, the men when employed by the contractors to sign an agreement to serve the said Commissioner at the same rate of remuneration as is contained in their respective agreements with the contrac tors, should they be called upon so to do.' The only portions of the general condi tions that appear to have a special' bearing upon the subject are these:— ' 8. The contractors shall in all respects obey and cany out the instructions of the Overseer of Works: and his decision upon the true mean ing of the contract and specification, and ajso iu respect of all matters and things concerning the contract, shall be at all times binding and final. ' 13. Should it at any time appear that thecon tractors are neglecting, or wilfully delaying the work, or that they are evading or intentionally violating the provisions of the contract or speci fication in the performance of the work, or that they appear unable from any cause to complete the work in either of the said Sections before the 1st day of January, 1872, the Commissioner of Public Works for the time being, or auy person duly authorized by him, shall have full power and liberty to determine and put an end to the contract, and to take the work quite out of the contractors' hands, ami to employ other persons to finish and complete it ; not exceeding one month's notice to that effect being given to the contractors, their foreman, or clerk, or left at their usual place of residence or office, or affixed to or on any conspicuous part of the work or works; and the cost and expense of completing, the work so taken out of the con tractors* hands shall be borne by and bo i*o coverable from the said contractors or their sureties.' It is upon these clauses that the question as between the Government and the con tractors rest; but Mr. McMinn is entitled to all the benefit of the following clauses in his instructions, which bear the signature of the Superintendent of Telegraphs :— ' 24. In carrying out this important work, Mr. McMinn, while affording the contractor every assistance in his power, is to be careful to check, at the commencement, any departure from the specification which, in the opinion of either himself or Mr. Burton, will tend to lessen the stability or insulation of the line. All instruc tions er complaints as to work are to be conveyed to the contractors in writing. Copies to be kept for future reference. '25. By clause 21 Mr. McMinn can, as a final resource, take the work out of the contractors' hands on giving them written notice of his intention to do so. It is hoped that there will bo no occasion for exercising: this power; but should it become necessary, Mr. McMinn had better, in the first instance, consult with Mr. Burton, his second in command, aud it both are agreed, he can give the required notice; but in the event of the two not being unanimous, he must act on his own judgment. But before deciding to take the work out of the hands of tho contractor, he must be well assured that he can prosecute the work better and more expedi tiously. '26. He and his subordinate officers must carefully abstain from any interference between the contractors and then* men, and must not mix themselves up with any disputes should they arise.' ^ Recovery of Remains..— On Saturday after noon, as Messrs. Saddler and Crickett, who had been engaged in Light's Passage, were returning to Port Adelaide in the Government boat Eleanor, they found the remains of the late Mr. J. J. Smith, who was drowned by the upsetting of the racing gig Falcon, on August 7. The body was floating near the middle of the stream, about midway between the first and second beacons, below the North Arm, probably not more than half a mile from the scene of the accident. A line was at once made fast, and it was towed to the Port, and the body was re moved by the police to the Deadhouse. Infor mation was immediately sent to the relatives of the deceased, and an inquest will be held to day. Serious Accident.— A cart was on Wednes day driven over a child, aged two years, at Moonta Mines, the wheel passing across the youngster's chest, and inflicting such injuries that a fatal result may follow. Obituary.— The colours of the vessels in Port Adelaide Harbour were half-masted on Saturday as a token of respect for the memory of Mrs. Orchard, the late wife of the Captain of the Pekina, the intelligence of her decease in England having reached the Port by the last mail. Supreme Court.— The Full Court will sit this morning, being First Day of Term, at 10.30. I Their Honors have intimated their intention then ' to deliver judgments in the Northern ?Territory and probably the other cases standing over. Minerals in Horrocks's Pass.— Mr. J. M. Hill, a prospector, who has held a mineral :laim in Horrocks's Pass for some time, has had ?everal curious mineral substances tested by Mr. Thomas, of Adelaide, which proved to be )f no commercial value; but lately he sent a ample, of stone which might possibly lead to something being found that would be of vast importance to the province — to wit, coal. The liscoverer received from Mr. Andrew Thomas, P.C.S., the following: — 'I have carefully ex unined it as follows. I tried it for gold and silver, then for copper and other useful metals, Dut could find no trace of either. On analysis t turned out to be a very superior limestone, :ontaining about 10 per cent, of insoluble Ratter, some coaly or carbonaceous matter, a ittle oxide of iron, a large percentage of car oonate of lime and magnesia. Had 1 seen and malyzed this limestone when Armstrong and the Bum party were boring for coal in Horrocks's Pass I should have strongly advised them to continue, as it is the nearest to the mountain limestone of England that I have ?een in the colony, and which directly lies over the coal measures.' The place where the Burra party were boring is about three miles north west from the locality from which this specimen was got. Our informant will be glad to give further particulars to tho3e interested. Adelaide Hunt Club.— One of the best fields this season mustered at Campbelltown on Saturday, and were rewarded by the severest andstiffest line it has been their good fortune to ride to since the importation of the hounds from the pleasant Devonshire country. Those who know what are the hunting attractions of the regions east of Adelaide, the beautiful scenery, the large grass pastures, the big fences, the cordial welcome, the selectors of the line, never mis3, if they can help it, a fixture on that side, or, if they do, have reason to rue. It may seem difficult to put into the shade such runs as The Glynde of 1870 and the two first-class lines of this season in the same neighbourhood, but for the number, size, and stiffness of fences, and the frequency of the doubles, we have no parallel in past times. It is a cause of thankfulness that such country is in the hands of those who are more ready to give permission than the Club are to ask it. About 2.30 p.m. the hounds were laid on in Mrs. Macdonakl's grass paddock, whence they went away by a grassy lane in the direction of the Ton-ens Valley, wheeled up to the right, crossed the Campbelltown-road, through Mildred's, and straight for Magill, coming out into a large enclosure on the face of the hills north-eart of the Orphanage, and keep ing up the ascent finished over a stiff bit of timber, throwing up at the mouth of Beatson's Gully, having had a succession of 13 fences with two doubles. After a quarter of an hour's grace they got away again and went straight across country on the face of the hills, coming out at the upper side of Athelstone, and crossing a stream finished iu Mr. A. F. Boord's. Iu this second burst there were six doubles and about five single fences, the finish being over two doubles within a few yards, and an average two-railer, i.e., five fences. Mr. Boord had kindly furnished his table to entertain the field, which hospitality was highly appreciated after such hard work as keeping with the hounds across such a country, thereby following the precedent of a near relative this season. Before quitting Mr. Boord's thanks were tendered in a few appropriate words, to which that gentleman replied in language which proved that he cherished old English associations. The field included Pathfinder, Celt, Freedom, Lightfoot, Empress, Young Gipsy Girl, Prince Charlie, and others, while there was a good muster of roadside visitors on wheels and otherwise, a capital view beingobtainable from the frequent lanes'which intersected and ran parallel with the line. The landholders who so kindly threw open their country were Mrs. Macdonald, Messrs. Mildred, Cotton, Ward, Moyle, Beatson, Skelton, Baker, Walters, Fox, Bilney, Hutehin son, aud A. F. Boord. Tho land of Messrs. Ward, Walters, and Fox was under crop, but their welcome was as great as though it had been grass country. Yachting.— The Banshee and Jano essayed a race on Saturday; but the affair from beginning to end only proved a case of drifting over the tide. There was a prospect at early morning of the wind being favourable; but towards 2 o'clock the breeze had fallen considerably, aud shortly after the start it fell away to a calm. The boats came to the post in good order, aud it being arranged that the mainsails should be set, this was done, and about L30 p.m. they started, with the wind light from about north-north-west. The Jane had the weather position, and at once started on the port tack, sending aloft at the same time a well- cut topsail. The Banshee seemed out of trim, for she did not make any appearance at starting, and for several tacks the Jane led. The interest in the race would have been well kept up liad the wind continued; but as it became calm or nearly so the two boats wandered down the river in eom pany,fand it was well on towards sundown before the buoy was rounded. The Jane, which is the property of Mr. T. Sinclair, was built by Mr. McDonald, and has distinguished herself by her sailing qualities when competing with other yachts of about equal power. The Banshee is a new vessel, built for Mr. H. D. O'Halloran by Mr. McKinlay, from a model by Mr. Taylor. She is larger than the Jane, and in many respects looks the more powerful boat, but her merits have not yet been thoroughly tested. When off Red Buoy Creek the Lisk, who was sailing the Banshee, succeeded in weathering his competitor, and notwith standing the efforts of Heritage gradually in creased this distance until reaching Schnapper Point, when she was fully half a mile ahead. About this time the wind veered to the west ward and fell light, and this enabled the jane to pick up her lost ground so far that the two boats rounded the buoy in Light's Passage in company at 4 27. Both then made preparations for the run up; the Banshee setting a spanniker and large gaff-topsail, whilst the Jane hoisted a squaresail and ringtail. They kept close company for a short distance, when it fell a dead calm, and they drifted with the tide until after b* o'clock. Then a north east breeze arose, and enabled them to run up the Port. The Banshee had a slight lead for some distance ; but when near the North Arm Heritage passed her, and suc ceeded in reaching the goal at 7.40 about a hundred yards in advance of the Banshee. We understand, however, that a protest has been entered by Lisk, on the ground that the crew of the Jane were paddling; but the assertion is positively denied by Heritage. Report alleges that the course will be sailed over again when there is a good breeze, for it, is a tame affair, not suitable for spirited youngsters, to drift round a course instead of with a ' wet sheet and flowing sea.' The Nautilus, a smart second class boat recently imported from Melbourne by Captain McLean, ef the Coorong, has been fitting out during ths week, and will soon be in the water for a trial trip, and the spirit of yachting becomes developed. On Saturday our nautical ' special' was invited to a private view of the Undine, another second-classer, which is being turned out by an amateur builder, whose handicraft is however equal to that of any pro fessional. If her present mould be carried out she will be a novelty, if not a ' teaser' to some boats already afloat. Football. — In consequence of the non-arrival of a sufficient number of the Port Club, the match between that and the South Adelaide Football Club did not take place on Saturday afternoon. Shippers Circular.— We have again received the monthly issue of the Shippers' Circular published by Letts, Son, and Co. It contains much useful information,- and notes a variety of inventiras and novelties in various trades. Accidekt. — On Saturday morning a man named George Sharpe, in the employ of Mr. John Bullock, was lopping a tree in Waymouth street when he fell, Breaking his left arm. The limb was set by Drs. Campbell and Miller. Sale of Station Property.— Messrs. Town send, Botting, k Co. have sold privately the Coffin's Baj Run with 15,900 sheep at 6s. 6d. per head. New Copper Mise.— Some slight commotion was caused on Saturday at Port Adelaide by Captain Tonkin exhibiting samples of coppei ore from a new discovery which he has made in a position a few miles north of Port Augusta. Two bags of specimens were brought by the Eubra, and several Cousin- Jacks who had the privilege of inspection declared that they looked ( « keenly.' ' ' Stow Congregational Church.— At the Stow Church on Sunday morning, August 27, the Rev. A. Scales read the following extract from a letter received by last mail from the Rev. Thos. Binney:— ' Adelaide has been very much on my mind. Mr. Hannay went down last week into the country, and submitted your case to one of our first men, and I have written to him since to urge our project, I fear it may be without result, but if it should succeed you will be satisfied. If we should be disappointed, I have a letter from a superior man, of good standing amongst us, in a foremost position, enquiring about Adelaide, respecting whom I shall see Mr. Hannay, as I have already sent him the letter referred to. I merely drop you this line to let you see that we do not forget you, though we find it difficult to act. The fact is, there are very few first-rate men in our ministry, and where they have any ability they are wanted here, and cannot be spared. I fervently hope that, though you may wait long, it may turn out that you have not waited in vain.' Clatton Makse.— A bazaar will be opened this afternoon at the Norwood Town Hall in aid of the funds of the Clayton Chapel Manse. Presbyterian.— On Wednesday, August 23 the Rev. W. Davidson, late of Clare, was in ducted into the charge of the Presbyterian Church, Wallaroo. There were large atten dances at the tea and public meetings, and the speakers were the Revs. J. Davidson, W. Wilson (Congregational), J. Lloyd (Welsh), J. Lyall, and W. Davidson. Yotog-street Chapel.— A tea and public meeting will he held this evening in connection with the anniversary services of Young-street Bible Christian Church. French Relief Fund.— The Benevolent Dramatic Society will give an entertainment this evening at the Theatre Royal in aid of the French Relief Fund Bazaar. The programme will be found on our first page. As thfe is a deserving object, it is hoped that a crowded house will greet the performers, who will strive to please. The services of Mrs. E. Wallace and Miss Wood, as well as of Schrader's Band, have been secured. Charitable Concerts.— The second of the series of concerts to inmates of Government benevolent institutions will be given at tho Destitute Asylum this week. The Mayor of Adelaide will preside, and the programme, we hear, embraces some of the best musical talent of the colony. The Mayoress will take part in the proceedings. Outward Freights.— There were landed last week at Port Adelaide several tons of rop?, which cost more for transport to the city than the amount of the sea freight for 14,000 miles. Attempted Burglary.— On Friday about 8 p.m. a somewhat clumsy attempt was made by some men to break into Mr. H. D. Cruttendeu's bonded stcre, on Levi's Wharf, Port Adelaide. The entrances to the store are closed with a pair of doors, secured from outside by a bar working on the centre, and fastened at either end with a Government padlock. One of these locks had been wrenched off, but in the attempt to break the other the instrument used— a small crowbar or jimmy— which was not sufficiently strong broke in two. The noise attracted the attention of Sergeant Doyle, who was on the other side of the creek, and at once proceeded towards the store, where he saw two men going off in another direction. A third man who was near the place was detained whilst the Sergeant made a cursory inspection of the building, but as there appeared to be nothing to criminate him he was released. On a closer examination the signs of the attempt to effect an entrance were found, the brokroi portion of the crowbar having been left behind. No clue has been obtained as to the would-be burglars. [From Saturday's Evening Journal.} The Post-Office.— It was currently rumoured but contradicted during Friday that Mr. Richard Blackham, Chief Clerk and Inspector of Postage Stamps, bad resigned. We are now, however, in a position to state that Mr. Blackham did send in his resignation, though it has not been accepted. The reason, we understand, is that the increased work thrown upon him since the amalgamation of the Postal and Telegraph Departments was more than ho could stand without injury to his health. He has resigned the office with a view of entering upon a country life. Mr. Blackham is tin old and efficient officer, whose absence from the department will be seriously felt. He entered the service iu the year 1848, and besan his present duties on July 1, 1SG1, at a salary of £'300 a year. The Rangoon.— The P. & O. mail steamer Rangoon, with the European mails, arrived at Port Phillip Head3 at 7.50 a.m. on Saturday morning, and was expected to reach Hobson's Bay about 11 a.m. Literary Soiree.— On Friday, 25th August, an amateur entertainment was given in connection with the Brighton Institute at the Town Hall. There was a large attendance, aud the Mayor of Brighton presided. The programme, which was choice and comprehensive, and was spiritedly carried out, included readings and recitations by Messrs. J. H. Clark, R. Wiltshire, R. M. Whitington, A. Broad, and W. G. Stevenson; songs by Mrs. V. V. Brown and Mr. Smith; duets and solos by the Misses Brown, M. A. Baker, Addisou, Randall, and Mrs. Randall, all excellently rendered. The affair was a complete success. Port Town Hall. — The Port Adelaide Amateur Dramatic Club had most favourable weather for their benefit entertainment at the Town Hall, on Friday evening, and were re warded by a bumper house. The use of the proscenium from White's Rooms had been obtained, and was a great improvement on the previous stage arrangements. The programme commenced with songs by Messrs. J. A. Diamond, J. A. Plint, and another contributor, and the duet, ' Albion, on tby Fertile Plains,' by Messrs, Selth and Lawton, which was well rendered, and deservedly applauded. The colloquy between Hamlet and the Queen and the Death of Polonius was next pre sented, with the following caste : — The Queen, Mrs. H. J. Ray; Hamlet, Mr. T. Smith, jun.; The Ghost, Mr. R. H. A. Braddock; Polonius, Mr. Aikin. The scene was capitally placed upon the boards, the dresses and appointments l-eing appropriate, and the performers acquitting themselves in a manner which showed that their parts had been carefully studied ; Mr. Smith deserving especial credit for his representation of the difficult character of the Prince of Denmark. At the conclusion of this performance the audience gave unmistakeable evidences of approval. Mr. J. A. Diamond followed with a solo on the English concertina, and Messrs. Selth, Plint, and. Diamond with comic song?, each creating much amusement and eliciting loud acclama tions. Mr. Braddock's recitation, 'The Pro gress of Madness,' was somewhat out of place, but he acquitted himself creditably. After a short interval the curtain rose for an amusing farce, 'The Tipperary Legacy,' the parts in which were well sustained by Mrs. Rsy, Messrs. T. Smith, G. B. Seltb, W. F. Clark, J. A. Plint, G. Stevens, and F. Clark. The Tichboene Claimant.— Mr. H. Jones, the photographer, opposite the Town Hall, has issued a carte de visite of Sir Roger Charles Tichborne, Bart., which will doubtless command attention and a ready sale. He received his copy per the mail steamer, and has therefore not lost much time in placing the picture before the public. The likeness is somewhat to the portraits that have appeared in the Graphic and Illustrated Neics. Burra Ploughing Match.— In the award list of the late match at Kooringa it should have been stated that the prize plough was presented fey Messrs. Tuxford. 