A match between the Vlctarit House C.C. r. the employees of D. Jones and Co., took place on Moore Park, last Saturday, resulting in a victory for the Victoria House Clnb. The following are the scores ; — 11. Jenes and Co's. first innings, 8 : second ditto, 81 ; total 39. Victoria House, first innings, £7. An Atrocious Outrage — Of late the newspapers in aome localities have teemed with reports of gross outrages, but the following, which is reported by the Biverina Herald, is the grossest yet chronicled: — 'A monstrous crimo has been committed at the Criterion Hotel on the person of a little girl known as Mary Ann Poulson, alias O'Brien. It appears that the child, who (it will hardly bo credited) is under six years of age, was enticed into one tho back bedrooms, where the poor little thing was brutally violated. Yesterday an arrest was made'by the police, the child having men tioned tbe name of her supposed destroyer and pointed him out. ' The person arrested is well connected, and has hitherto borne the charaoter of a sober, respectable and inoffensive gentleman. He had tor some time ocoupied a room at the back of the hotel, where he was quietly Bitting when arrested.' A private letter from Auckland, of October lltb, states that theatrical business there has been very queer of late. Hoskinsand Miss Colville have been doing pretty well at times, and at others very badly. One week ' The Lady of Lyons,' with those named as principals, the house contained but L3 ; and ' The Merchant of Venice ' drew a similar sum. The drama or play of ' Formosa ** drew well enough to make the 'ghost walk' on the Monday morning— a thing very seldom accomplished here with theatricals. Mr. and Mrs. Steel have been doing badly-toeing supported by a very inferior company. 'The fact is,' says the writer, 'the place is overrun with theatricals.' Begarding Kelly's American Excelsior Minstrels, the letter states better things, and that, ' considering the bad weather, they have been doing a good business,' intending shortly to visit Dunedin and other places. On Sunday, October 8, an old man. named William Bligb, well known on the Murrumbidgee, died some what suddenly at the Australian Hotel, Wagga Wagga. An inquest was held, at which it appeared that deceased had been a hard drinker for many years, and had lately been knocking about the various hotels of the town. He had seemed in his usual health nntil aome four dayB before his death, when he com plained of shortness of breath, and loss of appetite. On the Saturday he was seen by Dr. Bobinson, who, when a witness said he thought the man would die, replied, 'Let him die, it would be a good riddance.' The doctor had, however, seen the man the night before, and prescribed for him, charging only for the medicine supplied.— The jury found that death had resulted from natural causes, but expressed an opinion that Dr. Bobinson bad acted in a reprehensible manner. Theatricals in Amebica.— Professor Hisley is at present in Boston as the presiding genius of the Walhalla Troupe, at the Howard Athenseum. Mr. Neil Warner was playing at the Walnut Theatre, Philadelphia, in August and September last. Bf'Kean Buchanan was going through a series of characters at Newark, Ohio. Mr. Charles Mathews was to appear at -Rochester Opera House, on the 28th August. Mr. Bandmann was to appear for the first time for many years at the Grand Opera House, New York, whicli has fallen into tbe hands of Messrs. Coles and Baker. The opening play was to be ' Narcisse,' and Mrs. Ban mann would support tho llcrr. On the 4th September a dramatisation of 'The Mystery of Edwin Drood,' under the title of 'Jasper' was to be produced, in which the last mentioned artists would play. (lr- Srathcm was engaged far NiUca. 