FACT AND FICTION". 4 [A piece of poetry, with the suggestive title of 44 Jim Bludso," originally published in the, New York Tribune, has gone the round of the American papers until it has readied Australia. As a literary com position, it is a curious instance of the ^ way" in which these things are "done." The original "Jitn Bludso,'' instead of being a swearing, cursing, God-forgetting stoker, was a pious common-place pilot at Buffalo, named John Maynard; and his heroism was related .many years ago, by Mr. Gough, the well-known temperance lecturer. A comparison of the Actual with the Ideal (as the author of41 Zunoni" might say) may be interesting.] FICTION. JIM BI.UDS0, OP TUB PRAIRIE BEiZiB. (From ih& New. Yorlt >Trtbune.) Wnil, no! I curi't tell wJ»ari»e< lives. . Because lie don't Hyej fou see 5 . lestways, he's got out' of tlrtihabit Of livin' like you and,me. J yVhuv linvo you been for the last three yeiu* Tl:nt you haven't hoard folks, tell How JlmmyBIudso uiiftaod hls checks, , The night of the Prah'Jo Belle ? He woren't no saint-thenrenglneers, It is nil pretty mucli alike Oue wife in Nutchez-uiidei'-tlic-Hill Ami another one h6ife, in Pike. A'keetlesa ninn iu his talk was Jim,' ' ? And «n awkward man in a rotv But he nevei; iimked and he never lied. 1 reokou he never kudwed how. And this was nil the religion he had To treat his engine well j Never to bo passed on the rlvor: To mind the pilot's bell: And if ever the Prairie Belle took Are, A thousand times lie swore, He'd hold her nozzlo agin the bank . ? ' Till the last soul got ashore. AH boats have their day on the Mlasisalp,' And her day had come at last ; The ftjovastnr was a better boat, But the Belle she wouldn't be passed. So she came tearing along that night The oldest craft on the line, With a nigger squat on her safety valve, And her furnace crammed, rosin and pine. The fire burst out as she clared the bar, And burnt a hole in the night, And quick as a flash she turned, and made For the wilier-bank on the right, There was running and cursing, but Jim yelled Over all tne infernal roar, [out. " I'll hold her nozzle agin the bank . Till the last galoot's ashore." Through the hot, black breath of the burning JJm Bludso's voice was hoard, ' , ; [boat And they all had trust in hiss cussedness, And knowed he would keep his word. ' i And, sure's your born,they' all got off ',[ Aiore the smokestacks lell ' And Bludso's ghost went up alone In the smoke of the Prairie Belle. ; He weren't no saint-but at jedgeraent : I'd run my chance with Jim, . : 'Longside oi some pious gentlemen That wouldn't shake hands with him. He seen his duty, a dead sure thing, And went for it tliar and then r , And Christ alnt a coin' to be too hard Ob a man that died for men. ' . ^ACT. " JOHN MAYNARD was; well known in the Lake district qs a God-fearing; honest, intelligent pilot. JIo was a _pilot on a steamer from Detroit to Buffalo one summer afternoon. At that time,' those steamers seldom carried boats. $moke was seen ascending from below, and the captain called out, 'Simpson, go down and' see what that smoke is,' Simpson came up with his face pale as ashes,, and said, 4 Captain, the ship is on fire V Then 4 Fire I fire I fire I fire on board ship P All hands were called up. Buckets of. water were dashed on the. fire, but in vain. There were large quantities of rosin and tar on board.; and it was useless to attempt to save the ship, The 'passengers rushed lorward, and inquired of the pilot, ' How far. are we. from Buffalo P'4 Seven miles.* 'How long before we reach it F 'Three-quarters of an hour at our present rate of steam.1 4 Is there any danger ?' ' Danger here-see the smoke bursting out 1 goJorward%if.vou, would, save your lives 1' Passengers and crew, men and'women, and children, crowded the forward part of the ship. John M aynard Btood at the.helm, The flames/burst forth in a sheet of fii'e; clouds of smoke arose; the Captain cried out through his trumpet, 'John Maynard!' 'Aye, aye, sir! ' Are you at the helm?' 'Aye, aye, sir l" 'Howdofis she bead F 4 Southeast- by-east, sir.' 4 Head her south east and run ' her on- shore.' Nearer, nearer, vet nearer ehe approached the shore. . Again ^ the ' Captain cried out, 4 John Maynard l' : The response came feebly, 'Aye, aye, sir!" 44 Can you hold on five minutes longer, John F 4 By God's help I will I The'old man's hair was scorched to the scalp; one hand disabled, his knee upon the stanchion, his teeth, set with his other hand upon the wheel, he stood firm as a roclc. He beached the ship-every man, woman, and child was saved, as John Maynard dropped,and his spirit took its flight to' his Godr-vaws. tralian Journal, 