. . T E~ 19 VW A 1: ..... [From a Gorman Correspondent of the Lasunceston eszaminor.] What a romarlable condition Prussia is in I .The country full. of Franch captiveos, Fronoh ' soldlbra I-and Pritsian soldiers in Francol In some of these 'towns 'there'aro reore Fronoh plisonero than inhabitatits, It sooms but as yesterday that we hoard the continual whistle of the tratins carrying off anon to the armies, and now we hear it again bringing in 'the enemy' by thlouandrds at a time, disarmed and ,.captiveo upwards of .350,000 I, . SO, o eAn' scarcely believe: that one hundred and,sovcnty-three thonusmnd men, with throe ' Field.aisiails al oro kept so long in Metz by a very, disproportionato pumober of' besiegers, most'f whom wore ill and unablo for aetion i wlcth}s grians host surrendered. It reminds *one of tlhedanger 'to whlich we Foero .expo?od during the flrst 'fei days after the declaration of war, -whoen we were left oponi to incursions hbecatisoour *viso ,generals. thought 'it' bettor . : ? to'disclocate their aries; ' As wq askod 'then, what' kept the ~i'enlch from seizing sioh .a very excellent opportunity for. obtaining .their desirod.conquest of thle German Rhine lalid1l. Sowo ask now, what power reduced to such helpleasness this 'largo army in Motz, 'adtd prevented them from bursting forth and ,over-running these landsl It certainly was iiot unhiuun power, for little, indeed, was the {;strength Of the besiegore, many thousands of whlom:.worolying ill at the time of the capitut, I lationes Our.Throne and Crown have now boon a?fivo months.'vacant. Strange condition 'of Stings-- 'Freno h Emperor and nearly all his army, marklitis, ;anl geioerals in Germany, adc tli?ePrussiaui King with his 'army in ,Wo. feared..continiia.ly, every day because of the fury of the oppressor ; and where is the fury of' : the oppressor I What a plain evidence to the most' obtuse appre hension of'thoe iveakness of even the most turrible men, 'and the loving guardianship of the SupreosiiRuler towards those who put their .trust in Iim. And wo think of our childhood's terror when, crying and clinging to our parents, we have seen them pull to pieced'the effigy of an old man that frightened us, as with tender embraces they chided our fars., I TIIUIL URENDER OP 3IRTZ. A seios'otwwho 'saw tho prisoners as they i, ued froni Metz says: -"They came out eight or tenpi .ow,. nearly all fine, strong, bright, martial- looking men, certainly I the elite of the whole French army, who four months before were the proudest and most w at-lbving troopp in Europe. All the Guards "had was'verygood, and their uniform elegant ; they carried' cloaks' arid otlmr'bhggdgo with thqme, for they hIad evidently provided them :solves with plenty of good clothes from the stores for their comfort while prisoners. The :bearing of the people was earnest and quiet ; their countenances expressed grief, pain, and deaidly hate against us, the victorious Prus. sians; and the same was plainly manifested ,by the officers and soldiers : as I intentionally took ,the, middle .of. the .road between the French I could easily observe them.. Our brave Pomeranians maintained a very respect ful bearing towards the conquered enemy; they raised no shouts, no hurrahs to wound their feelings; there was nearly deep silence ovoer ail. The importance of this hour exor cised a visible effect over our officers and soldiers-they honored themselves while they ,respected the, conquered enemy, who had patientlyendured so much. Pairfulsceneswere witnessed ; many of the soldiers wept as they took leave of their officers, who were also equally. affected. I am, as enthusiastic an ,admirer as any nman that lives of our martial ,glory and black. and white flag, and I con 'sidor these hours when the French Imperial 'OGard luassced before me prisoners of wasr to be the most joyfualsight I ever witnessed, and ydet I "Wld fiuito. overcome to see these tlouasands of .wairiors pass as prisoners. Since th. Cir'inpsap"yur.and the Italian campaign of 1859 :the French army, with its proud Im "porial Guard,has boen.more ornamented with laurels than any other nation in Europe. ' Henceforth" LO 'Grand Empire' will, and meat talke a more modest place in Europe. :Tlio Pruii?i?an Engle has entirely conquered the Frenclm,.uid those that came out of;Metz ,'on:the 29th October,' into imprisonment, are " in strength and military power far superior to any that France can now produce. ' The Frenchl Imperial Guard alone would be able witlh le'greatest ease t6 subdue, and keep doGwn"all the voluntary cod-si)and other armoies ofill Gambetta and his companions,. As the Guard passed before us 20,000 went out of 'two other "gates of Metz into custody of Prussiah ti-oops, and the black and white ' victdirycrowned flag was waving every where . ~ver...: thd. fortresses."-From .Kolnische Zeitu?ng (Colonno Times). i. r 'eom tim?o after the taking of Metz it Swe.l'difficiilt to saend food fast enough to the 'slvinginngihliitants and soldiers. On Nov. 7th there were lying in Metoz hospitals 30,000 wounded and sick soldiers, and more than 5,000 civilians wore ill. The impression is stronger abd stronger that Mote is the strongest fortified camp in Europe, and with a , garrison of rfrom 30 to 40,000 men, if they were only ' provided with food, they could endure assiege for years. All the forts oio on tho,top'of hills, which in a wide circle enbloso . :Ml, and they are built after all the newest -rules of the art of fortification. Their far S:.carrying' cannons could master 'the wholo ;re ? ... forsiveral 'miles round, while the Scannons themselves lie buried in the mounoains .nearly-h bid from view, Metz has always been cssconidored the strongest military plancp in " Trancsio.i Napoleon spent many millioais to strengthon.: this important border fortress. SEach of the forts is provided with bomb-fast casomatas,I and armed with hIeavy fortress idannon. It would have required a hoady bo siegemont of every single fort to have lkeon eahob before they could have taken Mletz, And inside these forts at an average distonce of three miles'from the walls there is a railway embankment running nearly round the town, and walls and enrthworks of all kinds in tho midst of second fortifieatione; and between these and the town lies the French campi thus there are three fortresses one behind the other, making the defenco impregnable. If instead 'of 173,000 there l·hid only been 78,000 soldiers in the garrison, and sufficient flour, coflee, salt, and bacon to have lasted a;year, the fortress could not have beeoon taken, so long 'as tiSe food lasted, whatever force had been brought ngainst it. The French republio ac cused Marshal 3azaios of treason for 'giving it up, but there are continual proofs that he hold out as long as possible.. -As thie bhesieers entered they could clearly, see that ·r~starvation alone had conquored. The dmithls were so numerous, that being unable to bury thpoAad, they enclosed a tract of ground by a wall, arid so'th.row tlho"corpses over with quantity of llmo,e.'Ihe soldiors deserted I such quantities that at. last the Prussians rel fused toroalvo thoemn. Baton thd'2th Oat., nftao groat ondnrnnco lind suffering, . 13iano a itr rendered, and Is now a prisonor near enougli to . the x - Emperor to have daily intercourseo nearly all the great generals and marshals aro there at Wilholmsa hbiho, preferring to be near Napolaon! The booty taken in Motz, is incaloulablel 80,000 Chassepots, and yet how much wd have heard of their meagro eupply I Cor tainly, looked up in M?ot they were of nt service to the armies outside. The Prussianh also took 100 llitraillousos, 800 field cannolj, 2000 bores of fortress cannon, and man thousands of all kinds of arms, besides top millions of francs, and all things necessary for tho army, with countless carriages and wagons. Alas for them, that were so vninl sure of victory, so that thoy lhad stored suc a vory inasufliient supply of food. What ue was their money when thoroe,was no food'tb buy ? No salt-they had for some time boeu living on their hlores-their chloroform was all gone, so that the amputations occasioned' by their last battle woro obliged to be por. formed without it, Strasbourg and Motz were the two great arsenals and armouried of the whole 'French army. Of the 07 regl ments of cavalry which the French had on last August 1st, there remain now only foutr in Algiers, and five in the south of France, besides half the depot squadrons. All tihe others are destroyed or captive. Certaiily, 40,000 cavalry and as many artillery and train horses of thoe French army have been destroyed in this frightful war- altogether about 80,000 horsaos I In Metz alone moio than 25,000 horses were slaughtered, and 10,000 died from hunger and weakness. Buit one trembles to turn to the calculation'of the loss of men,.soldiers of the artillery, infantry, and other French corps-more than" three fourths of all the troops are either dead, in the hospitals, or captives, and those that re main consist principally of depot squadrons. It is a heavy judgment on the French, a do served retribution for their greedy desire for conquests. For the last 200 years they havo boon capriciously and tyrannically disturbing tie peace of Europe, and not Europe alone; they seem to have been a world wide curse. Our most promising mission stations are, and have been, greatly injured by their baneful influence, as the accounts from Tahiti and Madagascar and several other places show. And wily French parasites misleading the deluded Theodore was the cause of the Abys sinian war, and its great cost to England. And does not Maximilian's case cry for re tribution? Mexico was to be Napoleon's vassal empiro, but he selfishly failed to pro. toot the man its placed there; oven when the Emprcss Charlotto (since insane) on her knees implored him to interfere and save her husband's life, he turned carelessly away from her cries and tears, and left Maximilian to his betrayers and murderers. Next letter will most likely give some account of Paris ; provisions from all qaarters are going up ready to be carried in direcotly the Prussians outer. And perhaps war between Russia and England will have commenced; I deeply grievl to he obliged to think it will and must be. Now, if she had Prussia for her ally, which she might have had, she would have ruled Europe by a twortl without any blood hoed-oh, blind Gladstone ! good only in op. position. You have Ieard all about the bal loons I is it not wonderful - thus the Ministers escaped out of Paris to Tours. The prisoners are watched very closely night and day; they have plenty of guard, and each soldier on guard has to sit up two nights out of eight. The Torcos are even much more closely watched, since in their loose dresses daggers, powder, and pistols have boeen fond. Till then persons were permitted to visit the camrnps and give cigars and delicacies to the prisoners, this freedom was taken advantage ofaud it was justly stopped. About Orleans you must know the only reverse the Prussinns have had, but that will be recovered. We now see the tactis of two of our armies. I hobo the fall of Paris will not be succeeded by the fall of London. Oh, Gladstone I 7l1He suRRENDER OF STRASBURG. By Dr. Karl Stieler. A feverish life prevailed in the trenches; \--tho same excitement which we have wit nessed at sea at the termination of a long voyage, when we see the light of the light houses and hoear the sailors' shouts of "land I" And not different to this was thle spirits of our soldiers as they reached their longed-for goal, and at last saw the white banner wave from the Cathedral. Portnum in veni! A jublilant cry burst forth from thousands, saluting that symbol of peace which Strasbourg with wearied hand had given us-tho firing ceased. With much' feeling of genuine sympathy, rather than pride or joy, the troops looked up to the wall and felt that Strasbourg was in their hearts as well as in their hands. It was the picture of a brother who again finds a loved sister he had lost, and hastens to meet her I An officer with a flag of truce came thrqugh the open gate to treat, and soon after the German deplty rode into the city; but night was far advanced before tithe treaty was con cluded. The valor of the enemy was pub. licly acknowledged, for the capitulation iwas as hbnorable as thile defence. Tie evacuation was to take place the next morning. Oh, what a woefdul, never to be forgotten morning was that I It was even as if the gates of a vault were tlhrown open to give back a beat tiful corpse again to life and light, and asi tihe soldiers passed us with their broken weapons and subdued voices we felt with what lhearts' sorrow our German sister had been yielded. Sulch thoughts filled tlhosamls who rtood before the National Gato waiting the eithl drawaL of tihe glarrison-a powerful emotion filled thile multitude; then whoen thley began to approIchI all was still, except tile paving of tlh impatient Ilorses. Tley come l-on foot with bowed Ieads !--the stafi of the hostile troops approacilhedti, all sad and earnest as if attending a funeral. At their Ilhead was General Uhrichll, with his gray hair and iron features. It was a thrilling moment. As soon as tihe German commander caught sight of him he sprang from hils hIorse, hlastened towards him, and respectfully saluted. Tie oflicers that accompanied him took their places on the glaciu, landi between tilhe two staltf the hIostile garrison now doliled. To wards General Uhllrich was much demonstra tion of esteem, as was due to hIis bravery, as well as thanks for his lamiability. Thile colm tmander Ihad maintained his dillicult post withl honor, for which lhe is praised by all our sol diers, and lie who takes the pains to consider hIis doings in detail will moeet numerous traits of noble humanity. "1 know my duty," replied tho General when hostilities began, • ', ,L ? '.': :" ? .. and this- ho-hl s carried out with severity wheloqbliged,but, when permitted, with mild 'ness. O Confued figures pass by us. Con fused voices minglo -with- eonch other; some congratulating themselves on their releose, others cursing this hour of shame which has comrn upon tlemn as they smash their weapons on the stones of the road. With bright uniforms and dark faces of Suppreosed rage, they tottered, sobbed, and blustered as these •thousands of captives passed out in ranks. But their curse fell powerless, and powerless ro.-chood theoir "Vivo la France,!' for high over the Cathedral waved the German flag and Strasburg is ours I "lAfter 'i few liurs 'we stood within the city in the midst of the longed-for ground, sur veying the walls and towers--the ruins of the present, and the: hopeoof the future. To speak the truth, tho hour of our first entrance was a sad one, for it exposd to our view countless wounds which it is now our duty to, heal. It 'showedaus the butrnt-ofit heam s: of houses, the smoke-blacked spots where the' war had driven its crushing work. The ground-floor of most of the houses was forti lied, with boards fixed:in a slanting position against them; entirely hiding them from view, and before the collar windows dung is wheeled which affords the best protection against fire balls.. On the whole tihe traces of the battle are tolerably localised; in the suburbs the houses are nearly all lying in fragments, but as to the interior, nothing scarcely but the public buildings are injured. The certainly with which the German balls reached these is another proof of the extraordinary know ledge the besieging corps.has of all the hostile positions. We passed on our way roofs over hung.with black banners; how melancholy and fatal they looked I These were the epidemic lazareths where small-pox especially prevailed. At the corners of the streets we everywhere find handbills partly torn down by the sol diers and by ballets; we read thereon the proclamation of the Republic and the orders of the municipal body, ahd now and then between them a paper still bearing the beading "Empire Francais." The orders of General Uhrich were published in largo let ters and iron style, and behind the cannon stood ready should the people fail to comproe bend. The words and traces of dictatorship meet us at every step, showing how heavy times harden the feelings. We see by these inscriptions that more danger was appre hended by mutiny within than by the enemy without; 'many orders and prohibitions were enforced by the threat of capital punishment. Al I but who at.such times felt intimidated at this when" the Angel of, Death passed hourly through the streets. With much emotion w,o read the last order, which informs the people that all further opposition is use less, and that the duty of self-denial must now'take tli he ia o'f valour. This sounds like.the last sigh of a strong man who finds his end-near--nn end without a victory. In Germany, people- heaord with much sorrow of the destruction of the library, which was celebrated as a focus of scientific treasures, but we encourage the hopo that all is not lost, but that at least the most precious MSS. are saved. But what are these against such incalculable losses-what are all the fallen buildings against the living ruins before our eyesl--the hospitals are crowded with wounded, and. through all the streets one sees the living sacrifices of this great and desperate struggle dragging themselves along with diffi culty. In theo extomporised burial-ground I meet everywhere with the word " tud," that watchword of the destroyer who hero keeps Ils harvest. The Cathedral remains almost without damage, and when one remeombers that about 7,000 balls per day flow into the city, we cannot doubt that an invisible hand preserved it. The total number of the ruined buildings is nearly 500, and what the inhabitants, sillered during tlhe siege is inde scribable I Tiink of a 100,000 men locked up in a narrow space and blazing fire over head, and at their feet the water ever rising Iigher and higher; he who goes into the streets is torn tsunder by the asheolls, and he who hides in the collar is buried in the ruins of his own' house ; the bright flames turn night into day and the day is turned into night as darker and more hopeless dawns every morning. 17,000 soldiers had become licentious, valuing their lives and the lives of the inhabitants only as a throw of dice. Ttheso truly wore such hours as are only known in hell, for over the gates of the fortress were three hellish words " Lasciate aqui Speranza." When a city is turned into a mad-house, and all the passions burst forth like Furies let loose, and all through tlhe butrning streets Danger, like a ghost, stalks before them,' who can wonder that those who lived through it bear still the shadows of it ii their features, and regard us with dark looks and angrily compressed lips. Poor crushed heartls Fully to estimate the extent of the destruction, we must wait until a survey has been taken; it will be a sad hour when the reckoning comes, the lost of those ruins I The destruction raged in the citadel more tthan at any other point; this is literally torn to pieces by the cannons. A month before its fall the men were compelled to leave it, and yet wishing to hide from the enemy the extent of their oeigence, a couple of the bravest soldiers moved about on the damaged walls, firing a few shots as if the fortress were still occupied. The railroad station was in a sad plight; large quantities of goods laid which could not be sent away, and also a multitude of engines and a quantity of material blocked up tle way. Amongs the luggage goods destined for Germany was a picture by a renowned artist of Munich named Adamo Adamo; it was worth 20,000fr., and came from thie Paris Salon. It portrays the scenes of 1790, and has on it about 100 different figures. When it came out of the Phlilothsaclhule it created great sensation, for thie whole drama was again represented during the siege of Strasburg. German balls entered the cellc tion of paintings and German fire reduced tho men of the Revolhtion to dust and ashles. A great number of the inhabitants fled to thle channel of tie hill, where tloy souglht pro. tection behind Ithe stone walls; others lived for weeks in miserable board hluts, provided only with the barest necessaries. Having killed all thecows, thle wantof milk was much felt, which may most likely account for tihe vast amount of deaths amongst children. But now things are fast coming into regular order, and new life flows through the veins of the beautiful corpse which we lifted in our arms out of ruins. Andti here, as well as in military action, the Prussians have shown wonderful energy. Thie speed with which they con tquered all hindrance to bring about regular order is almost more wonderful thian the speed of their victorious arms. Many thlou sands of tons were hlastily cleared from the ruins of the citadel, and now we are able to see what dreadful devastation our cannon produced-; the broaches are much largerh tian could have been supposed. Gigantio materia laid in the bomiliproof roomst: , There wl r eahnon, arms, and all kinds of implemeits stores of tobacco, and the money chest Through the desolated etreots new life i hoginning to flow in thousands of forms-al shops are opened again, buyers and sclleru niter the hand, and multitudes of strangeo Hioockin, brought either by ouriosity. or.sys pathy. IMany. anxiolsly, and core vainly sought their friends, and the joy of meetiung may.be witnessed in almost every house, anw throwvs a gay tone over this otherwise depre. sing jpiture. All places and roads a or p s the traffic is nowhere hindered exceptidig'th citadel which is closed t' civilians., 'Thtý which has given most joy after this lonk imprisonment is the ro-opening of the pos, which, by the next day, was by the Prussins put in working order I It was ii lirotty sight to see the postmen hastening. through thb streets and- the doors fly open to meet hiitn; hut;ralas I mtost of the letters had black seal. After the terror and confusion of the-lat few. weeks, the order and disciplino' of thb Germans worked an indescribable amount ,f gcodr 'as if with one stroke all thoi.organiza tion of the varied administrationi were in full operation. Where we lately saw the French hand-bills, we now read in Germa the official ordors-ishort and earnest is possiblo,-but yet stamped with that kind lteartediioss which is Prussia's most poverftil ally. How deep this kind feeling is rooted in thelGorman heart was showvi in the first divine service which was held, to which all the French authorities were invited, andl deputations wore sent from all the troops to St. Thomas Church, which was almost ui injured. It was a place of peade, and tl o solemn words there spoken referred to tl~o peace of reconciliation. Stifled sighs passed through the congregation as they thought bf those that, in such a short time, had bedn torn from them by death. One could nbt tell which was most deeply bowed down4 the conquerors or the conquered. This hour was a guarantee to the sorrowful city, for the German heart beat loud and strong. It was the finest exhibition of German spirit left in Strasburg. Woe Iave an old saying that those children are loved best which cost is most pain and sorrow. So. Strasbutg, which has for centuries cost Germany so mullch pIain, now becomes her:darlitig/child agaln. A clergyman thus writes from Strasburg: \--" The Emperor Charles V. once propheti cally said-' If tihe French were to stand before Sitrasburg. and the .Turks before Vienna, I would leave Vienna to its fiito and deliv'~r trtialiurg',;; but the Austrian home policy has reversed this. Strasburg long pesoerved . that j-oewel its mothler tongue, till, in the year 1780, it was torn to pieces by swindling professions of liberty when sithe yielded to the French conqueror. The people of Alsace were received with open arms, and all the highest offices in the army and directorium were occupied by them, but they tdid not deny their love to their German vaterland, and, in the name of his country men, Pfelebl called to his pupil, the General Custine-' Friend, thou plantedst thy banner with valiant hand.' Olh, the German walls of Gellert's land." Many of our English hymns are translations from this poet, Gallor t. In the moment that the French language became fashionable and the German treated as a drudge, tlhe political crisis began, which will result in a now birth of thei German empire. Strasburg is now a German for tress, but at what a price I During the siege thie inhabitants thoughtfillly read from the gospels the account of the destruction of Jerusalem. In the camp at Bendenheim' were 2200 wagons, which iemicnded us of the account of the hostile wagon fortress. How can orio describe the feeling with which the people of Alsace watched the rain of bombs and fire-pillars, which were destroying, their love~ ijoetropolis h They might wll forget the destruction of the citadel, Which. to them had been a castle of terror, oppression, and tyranny. But the Catholics could not regret the desolation of the Munster. Many of the peasants' wives asked bitterly if God hltd become " total Lutherisch " (entirely Lutheran). The Protestant, also, looked with sorrow upon the ruins of the now church and the splendid library. Fearfully grand were the ruins of three suburbs, in which whole streets were smashed and burnt down. The author of these lines walked over the ruins of his father's house, and could hardly find the place where his home had been. The soldiers, who, laughing and smoking at the " peppered" suburbs, could iaot have thought of those womecin,istd chil dreni who were smaslied in their beds- or the pool{ woeful, tottering figures which issued fromk the cellars and hospitals. VON 3IOLTKIE ON TcIIE I-RENCI -ARncvY . An interesting letter appears in the Salst Public of Lyons relative to the instruction which Prussian and French offlicers, are re spoectively obliged to possess. The writer says - M'Mahon is supposed to have adopted tactics which are not now; namely, to act above all with his artillery, said to be formidable, and to spare his men as mucl as possible. Napoleon the 1st, of whom Gen oral von Mboltko is only the pupil, noyer proceeded otherwise. He it was who first imagined the great concentrations of trobps by rapid marches. 15. von Moltke, hiis fer vent admirer, has always manifested the greatest contempt for our strategy. I!ro memuber hIaving heard quoted sonme of 'his very words addressed to a French officer on a stission to Berlin--'" Do not talk to me of your military education in Afrida. If you Ihad never been there, so much the better; when you become general you will be glad of it. The i war you have been carrying on for forty years against the Arabs is a gue. rillerie of an inferior order. Never any skilful marches, no feints, no countermarches, rarely any surprises. With that school you will do nothling more tlan form othlers like it, The first great war will demonstrate your ineficiency, and were I not in presence of a man of your merit, Sir, I should not hesitate to laugh at your ignorance of the trade to which you devote yourselves. Amongst you-do not deny it-a pioneer is almost a ridiculous person, and in general thle 'corking mtin is one of mean intelligence. Here, on the contrary, the most conscien tious studies are in the order of .the day, and tise lowest captain knows as much as your staff oflicers, who are so brilliant in the ball room. Havo you oven a superficial smatter oig of the elements of the military art on leaving your special schlools 1 I am tempted to doubt it. Come now," continued General von Moltke, taking the other by the hand, "I wager that you do not know what is the fmost valuable piece of furniture for the chamber of an oilicer in garrison 1 Come with lse.". So sayingtho old Prussian led his in terlocutor into a small bed chamber suited to it sub:lieutooeao t, A, small bed without eor. tains, three straw ehairs, shelves of book from the floor to the roof, and-in the midhll of the room a blicfk wooden board on an oeel the ground strowed with mnorsels of chall " It is with this that we beat our advoerariec every mIorning," murmured the old tactician, who was destined to give afterwards so sa voro a lesson to General Frossard, the pro, fussor of the Prince Imperial, "and for drawings, hero is all we want;" and M. von Mloltko exhibited some geographical mapse This singular conversation took place id March, 1870. We aro not now surprisco that ho had twenty-two war plans ready to select from when challenged. 