, ARLIAMEHT OF YIOTOKIa LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. "Wednesday, August 9. in reply to Mr Stewart, the Minister ot Lands stated that it was his intention to placo the whole of the selectors under the 49th section of the Land Act of i860 in the same position as regards tho amount of rent as those under tho 31st section. Mr Casey, without notice, asked tho Hon. the Chief Secretary when ho would be able to givo him an opportunity of proceeding with tho Permissive Bill. Mr Duffy promised to do so as early as possible after the financial debate had been disposed of. Mr "W". Clarko presented a petition from certain residents on the Ballarat water reserve, praying for the consideration of the House. The hon. member also gave notice of his intention to call attention to the subject. In reply to Mr Kiddcll, the Treasurer promised to lay on the table a report on the jRiver Murray trade. . In reply to Mr Cunningham, the Minister of Mines stated that in July last, the depth of water in the Stony Creek reserve was 55 feet.' Mr Mackay asked tho hon. the Minister of Mines, in what year, and under what dis trict engineer, the contract was undertaken for stopping a leak in the outlet works of a reservoir in which the contractors, instead of carrying out their contract, committed a gross fraud on the public by forming a drain in the embankment and leading off tho leakage water. Mr M'Lellan said that tho circumstance referred to occurred in 1SG7. All the state ments which he had previously made on tho subject were fully borne out by the report of tho Engineer in Chief, but for obvious reasons he (Mr M'Lellan) did not wish to make that document public until Colonel Sankey's report had been considered. In the meantime ho (Mr M'Lellan) thought that the hon. member for Sandhurst (Mr Mackay) was a great deal too tetchy upon the subject. That hon. member appeared to take all the responsibility of the water works upon himself. He (Mr M'Lellan) had_ no desire to make personal charges against that hon. member. Mr Whitoman called the attention of the Minister of 'Worts to a statement of tho fact that the retention of the bark on redgum piles has the effect of ropelling the attack of the teredo navalis; and asked if he will cause to be made such inquiries or experiments as will test the practical value of this statement Mr Duffy promised to take tho subject into consideration. At this stage a conversational discussion ensued between Mr Francis and the Chief Secretary as to certain statements made in tho election speech of tho latter at Kyne ton. Mr Duffy denied having made use of the words imputed to him on the tariff question. Mr Francis promised to return to the subject when tho budget came on for discussion. Mr Stephen moved that leavo ho given to bring-in a bill intituled "A bill to enable the members of the Victoria Racing Club to sue and bo sued in the name of the chair man for tho time being of the committee of the said club, and for other purposes." The motion was agreed to, and tho bill was read a first time. Mr Francis moved that tlic report from the select committee upon the Bank of Hew South Wales Act Amendment Bill, with the amendments made by the com mittee in such bill, be now taken into consideration, The Treasurer requested the hon. mem ber to postpone his motion, in order to give him further time to consider the subject. Sir James M'Culloch wished to know whether the Government proposed to refer the whole question of banking to a select committee. Mr Berry, without pledging the Govern ment precisely to that course, promised to deal with the question in some way as early as possible. The motion was then postponed for a week. The House then went into committee on tho import and export duties. Tho Treasurer rose to make some ex planation relative to the principle which had guided him in arranging the 20 and 10 per cent, duties, and referred to certain modifications whicli ha had made in the list of articles enumerated as aoming under those respective heads. His object was to afford the fuller amount of protection to those articlesproduceablein the colony, and which were usually imported in a com plete state. Those manufactures which were partly complete -when brought, to the colony wore placed in the ton per cent, list. With a view to carry out this principle as far as possible he had availed himself of the new light thrown upon the subject by some useful information which, within the last few days he had received from a number of experts in the various trades specially interested. Somo of the articles transferred from the 20 to the 10 per cent, list were elastic-side uppers, woollen blankets, and certain descriptions of leather. The hon. member further stated that a schedule of the proposed modifications would shortly be laid before hon. members. On the item proposing a duty of 20 per oent. ad valorem on brushware and wicker ware, Mr Harkcr requested that the considera tion of the wbolo of the 20 per cent, duties might be postponed until the list of altera tions was in the hands of hon. members. In a proposal of such importance, initiating as it did a new lino of policy, ho thought the House ought to proceed with duo caution. Mr Langton expressed a similar opinion, and proceeded to ask what was to be done with regard to those articles in the 20 per cent, list which were only charged S per cent, in New South Wales. Unless some steps were takeD to prevent it those goods wonld he brought into the colony across the border at Echuca or elsewhere. The Troasurer thought that the difficul ties suggested by the hon. member wore but ghosts created by his own brain. He (Mr Berry) did not think it would be worth whilo for the importers to tako so much trouble to evade the Customs laws, although ho did not think they would bo deterred by any scruples of conscience in the matter, (Laughter.) Mr Yale said it was evident that on these 20 per cent, duties the freetraders deliberately intended to renew the old tarifi" struggle, and to raise obstacles against every item. They had now created another " bogey" in tho siiapo of a threat to emigrate in a body to Sydney, and leavo Victoria to its fate. But they had been going to Sydney for the last seven years, and they were hero still. It would be the duty ot the Government to put a stop to any system of Oustoia-houso evasion that might bo o-ttomptod, as ho looked upon actions of that kind as downright robbery. Sir James M'Culloch referred to the border dutiea treaty as one which ought not virtually to be repudiated, as had been suggested by tho last Bpeaker. jur Xiongraoro contenueu mat uic uo vornmenu was in duty bound to protect the revenue, although it might involve a nomi nal broach of the treaty. He felt convinced that the Government of New South Wales would not object to proper steps being taken to prevent fraud. Air Yale made sotno further remarks upon the subject, and urged that Parlia ment was bouiid to make its will respected in the matter. The Treasurer warmly attacked tUe attempt that was now being made to make a bugbear of tho border treaty, and pointed out that, under that treaty, there v.'as no. compulsion whatever to allow dutiable goods to go, out of bond. . There was, in fact, no obstacle—not even ono as strong as a cobweb—between the border treaty and the proposed tariff. Mr G. Y. Smith trusted that, if the treaty was to bo abrogated at all, it would be with tho consent of both the parties to it. Mr Francis rose to make some farther remarks upon tho subject, and contended that the difficulties connected lfith tho question were insuperable. (Left sitting.) ' We supplement our report "of yesterday with the following from the Telegraph:— Mr Francis (continuing)—In his opinion tho Treasurer had made a mistake in moving jewels and jewellery from 12 to 20 percent., for while it would be dotrimentalin a revenue point of view, it would also' tend to demo ralise the trade. ' fie contended that the revenue anticipated by the 'Treasurer would hot be realised by .£150,000. (MrLaugton: Hoar, hear.) Tho lion, gentleman had appa rently mada no provision for the rush which had taken placont theCustom- house.andbe sides which they would lose theEiverine trade, which would bo absorbed by Now SquthWales. Neither the additions or amendments in,the tariff were, in his opinion, an improvement. Ho coaid not see tho necessity when only £140,000 was required to meet the deficiency why new dut,ic3 oE Cussoms to the amount of £230,000 should be imposed, assuming that thp hon. member's figures were right, and these ho doubted. Ho looked upon the scale of duties as a serious and unmistakable wot blanket thrown upon the commercial prosperity of the eolony, and ho now gave notice that, he would in the bill embodying the resolutions move the admission of a clause that at any future time should the Legis lature think fit to decrease or alter the rates of duties no claim for compensation should exist. With ro'erehce to the items under consideration, he would support the propo sition for an increased duty. Mr Berry characterised many of the remarks of the hon. member for Kichmend as inconsistent, since the tariff which Mr Francis had introduced applied with equal force as the present one, to the Biverine trade. The duty of 3d por pint on acetic acid had been imposed as a medium course, and he thought that it fully met the justice I of the case. Mr Patterson expressed tho perplexity he experienced to understand the tactics of the freetrado party. The want of general ship they had experienced had brought them to their present position, some sitting in one part of the House, and some another. There was no harmony between them, and everything they did and said, as well as the votes they gave, Bhowed their utter recklessness and disorganisation and in consistency. They put out the late Go vernment in order that tho protectionist party might obtain power, and givo them a surfeit of protection, and now they cried out at the course the Government and the protectionists were pursuing. iUr uilliea remmuoa tao non. member that, though he contested the constituency of Castlenmine on freetrado principles, the moment he entered the llouso he sat behind the late Government. Sir James M'Culloch thought that if any- j thing was wanting to show the disorganisa tion of the freetrado party they had got it now. If they would only considor that the party was gone, and givo the moderate pro tectionist some assistance, possibly more good would be done. After some remarks made by fir Langton and Mr Tale, the motion was put, and on a division, the duty of 3d on acetic acid was carried by a majority of one, the numbers being 21 to 22. The; items—doors 2s 6d, and window sashes 2a, wera agrood to. On the motion of 3s per gallon duty on wine, Mr Cunningham moved that it be raised to 5s per gallon. Mr Borry said that all the duties that could bo expected during the year had already been obtained; the result of the amendment would bo to givo a sum of £12,000 to speculators who had paid duty in excess, in order to anticipate the tariff. Ho would be prepared at the proper time to give some encouragement to the wine growing interest that would compensate for tho duty. Mr L.' 1j. Smith expressed himself as favourable to an increased duty on wines. Mr Garratt supported the amendment i tbo interests of protection. If his memory served him, the hon. the Treasurer, when in Opposition, had been strongly in Favour of imposing a duty of 5s per gallon, and he could not see now why ho should seek to reduce it. Mr Burtt also claimed tho vote of the Treasurer in favour of the amendment, inasmuch as he had in caucus moved the increased duty. Mr Berry stated that so much wine having been taken ont of bond, tho profits would go into the pockets of about a score of persons. Mr Levion intended to vote for tho in creased duty proposed. Mr Vale believed that tho Treasurer had adopted tho proper course in checkmating the speculators. Mr Cunningham felt that the Treasurer had placed himself in a false position. While duties had been put upon little tinpot things, and a large and important interest was proposed to be sacrificed because a few Melbourne merchants bad taken some gallons of wine out of bond. The amendment increasing tho duty to 4s per gallon was put and negatived on a division by a majority of torty-one to twenty-eight, and tho original item pro posed was agreed to. The items of corn bags, gunny bags, et.c, wero withdrawn. Cement, 6d per cwt was agreed to. The duty of 9d per bushel en green fruit was agreed to. A discussion | took place on the proposal to levy a duty of 20s per ton on onions, which was carried. The duty of 15s per ton on potatoes was agreed to. On the item grain and produce of every kind, not otherwise enu merated, la per 1001b, Mr Hanna moved that the sum bo 9d, but the pro position was negatived, On the item of duty on prepared, ground, or manu factured grain and pulse. Mr Hanna moved that the duty of Is 3d per 1001b be increased to 2s. The amendment was accepted by the Treasurer. Iron, galvan ised, 30s per ton, was then agreed to, an amendment by Mr P. Walsh that it be strnek out having beon negatived. Iron wire, -Nos. 1 to 11, 20s per ton, was altered by the exclnsion of Nos. 10 and 11, as being the size most used by the trade. Tho item nails and screws, 40s per. ton, was withdrawn with the view to their inclusion under the 10 per cent, duties with other manufactures of iron. Oils in hulk, 6d per gallon. Mr W. Clarke proposed that it be reduced to 4d. Mr Vale regarded it as an improper tax which would affect the poorer classes. After some discussion, the amendment wa3 disagreed with.. Paints, wet or dry, 40a per ton; wrapping paper, 3s per cwt.; paper bags, 10s per cwt., were agreed to without remark. Tho items of slates, 203 per 1000, and sugar and molasses wero postponed. The various descriptions of timber wero passed as proposed. Acids, sulphuric, mnriatic, and nitric, 5s per cwt, was agreed to. Glass or stono bottles, containing a reputed quart, or any lesser quantity of spirits (not per fumed), wine, ale, porter, or other beer, 6d per dozen. This item opened up a discus sion, but no alteration being proposed, it was agreed to. Progress was then roported. Tho House adjourned at a quarter to 1 o'clock until 4 p.m. the following day. 