A SABBATH WITH THE MORMONS. The sun arose bright and beautiful on Sab- bath morning, tho 26th of March, r>s wo sauntered out to breathe the fresh tiir and drink in the outspread beauty of thericone. Tbe city was quiet in its Sabbath rest. Tho clear waters of irrigating brooks sparkled io tho sunsbino as they murmured along on each side of tbo broard avenues. Tho groud snow- crested mountains, brought noar by tho won drous purity of tho atmosphere, displayed every cleft aod undulation in their sides, and their peaks and sides wero draped with floating clouds as soft and wbito as tho snow which wreathed thoro ; while in tbo far distance be yond tho lake, whoso bosom, placid aud motion less, glowed liko a sheet of burnished glass, tbe dim outlines of mountains loomed up liko sleeping giants in the mystio background. In tbo early part of the day, before the public service, wo attended one of the ward Suuday- scbools. Tho city is divided into tweuty wards. Iu each ward is u houso erected, which scrvfB the doublu purpose of a sohoo1-ro«m in tho morning and a place of worship in the evening, when scrvico is held and presided over by tho ward Bishop. There are twenty Mor mon Sunday-schools io tho city, and each school will uverngo an attondanco of 200. So children aro not scaroo among theso people, " whoso creed is singular and whoso wiv?s nro plural." The school wo visited was the 13th Ward school. Tho children seemed attentive, but the teachers had uo "helps," no cards, no maps, nothing of tho apparatus which belongs to our well-conducted schools. Tho children wore not grouped around the teachers, but sat along tho benches. Tho scene reminded ono of a primitive school held in a ncwlj-sottlcd district twenty years ago. I saw do library, but a paper was circulated among the scholars, entitled the' Juvenile Instructor.' Altogether I should say that tho rising generation of Mormons oro not very carefully instructed in tho truths of the Bible. Asa Mormon mother, a Scotch woman, said wbeo her children wero asked a few questions on the Biblo history and disploycd a woeful ignoranco, " Our children aro oot tought these things; they know all about the book of Mormons, and the Angel Morooi, ond Joseph Smith, and lfrighnm Young, they can tell you the names of the Scvoottcs and tho Bishops and tho Elders, but they know littlo about thcBitle." At eleven o'clock wo attended public service. Tho old tabernacle was used, as there is noarrangemeot to heat tho now tnlcrnuclc, and it therefore cannot bo used in winter. There was a con gregation of from three to five thousand. The building would easily occommodato' more than the united seated capacity of Kuox Church and Iliclunond-strcetWosleyan Church. Upon a platform in the rear is the organ and choir, and in tho froDt, directly under tbo egg- shaped ceiling, sat tho Seventy and other dignitaries of tho church. As wo entered, tho choir wos singing in grand stylo the hymn "God moves in a mysterious way," to the tunc "Coronation." After prayer, a substan tial-looking man aroso leisurely, took off bis overcoat, advanced to tho rostrum, and com menced his harangue, no took no text, but gnvo a lengthened exposition of the doctrines of the Cburoh of Latter Day Saints established by Joe Smith. lie dwelt upon tho organization of tho church, maintaining that it woa the same os that which existed in tho primitive church, viz., apostles, prophets, pastors, teach- ors, evangelists, & c. They recognised two orders io tho priesthood— the Molchiz.'dek ond tho Aarooic. Tho bishops who attcuded to the temporal woots of tho people, tho elders, tho teachers, tho deocons, tbo soventy, boloug to tho lower of Aiironic order. To the order of Melclrizcdck belong tbe president of tho church— the prophet, PresidcutBrigbam Young —and two vico-prcsidents, tbe twolvo apostles, who oro to travel and preach, aud the council of the high priests. lie maintained tl at the Lord took awny tbo fulncs3 of the priesthood when ho established a law of carnal command ment nndcr Aaron. This continued until Christ's coming. Even John tho Buptist had not authority to loy on hands for the reception of the Holy Ghost Christ gives this priest hood to tho apostles. They bad tho keys of the kingdom of God. They had power to seal on earth and io heaven. This power-the church lost, until it wos rc-delivcrcd to Joseph S'lrith by the administration of a Holy angel out of heaven in communication with him. Tho principles of tho Mormon Gospel and the ordinances of the Mormon Church were four. 1st, Fiiith in tho Lord Jesus Christ; 2nd, ropcntanco of siusj 3rd, baptism by immer sion for tho remission of sins; 4th, laying on of hands for tho gift of tbo Holy Ghost. They believe In tbo gift of tongues, prophecy, revelation, visions, healing, and interpretation of tongues. Thoy believed their Bible to bo tbo word of God, and also believed the Book of Mormon to bo tbo word of Ood. This book contained a record of two distinct races of people inhabiting this continent. Tho Jorcdites, ono race, camo directly from tho Tower of Babel ; ond tho Israelites, the othor race, came directly from Jerusalem, about six centuries before Christ. They wero of tho houso of Joseph, and perished about the olose of tho Fourth century. The remnant of them aro tho Indinns that arc found inhabiting tho country. Theso important historical records tbe Angol of tbo Lord delivered into tho hands of Joseph Smith. Tlicso records were engraven on plates which had the appearance of gold, and wero bonod together in a volume like tbo leaves of a book, aod wero fastened at one end witb tbree rings running through tho wholo. This record he translated by tbe gift and powor of God, through tbo medium of the Urito and and Thunnninj, and is called tho book of Mor mon bocauso the record of tho people of Nc- pbites was made by tho propbot Mormon, and left to his son Moroni to finish. lie thon de scribed tho agony through which Jne passed to possess tbe divino power which tho church bad lost, for as yet bo bold only tbe Aaronic priesthood, when tho Lord sent forth Peter, James, and John, wbo held tho Mclchizcdek priesthood, therefore had tbe power to lay ou bands, and then gavo him the authority he coveted, and veiled in bim the keys of tho gospel; so that to bim and bis successors alono were given tbo fuloces of tho gospel, and the Mormons wore tho chosen instruments to pre pare the world for the second coming of Christ —they wero God's chisen people, and poly gamy was to bccomo the law of sexes and Mor- mooism tho roligiou of tho future. The ad- dross throughout was common-plnco and adapted to an ignorant audience of fanatics. A vein of qunintiicgs ran through it nil. Speak ing of Wesley, ho observed, "John Wesley was as good a ruan as you could pick up iu his time," and dismissed the objection toBrigbam Young boing rcgardod as a propbot, with " Well, if bo is not a ' prophet, '.bo has been very profit '-able to us, anyhow I" In the afternoon wo heard tho notorious Orson Pratt, the champion of polygamy. IIo .preached from Isaiah, 40tb chapter, 1.5 vorse3 Ho regarded the prediction of tho prophet as yot unfulfilled. ITo cited tho calamities that had befallen tbo Jews on account of thoir wickedness, and argued that tho curso would rest upon tbcm until the times of tbo Gen tiles woro fulfilled. These times " wero boing fulfilled." Forty yeors had passed sinoo tho angel camo witb his message to Josopb Smith. Tbo prophet had sent forth tbo apostles that they should preach tbo Gospel to oil tbo nations of thb earth, that they might bo faith fully warned of tbo restoration of tho everlasting Gospel in all its purity and fulness for tbo salvation of mankind and tho near advent of tho Messiah. They bad gone to tho Isles of tho Pacific and to South Africa, to Ilindostan nnd China, Australia and South America, and the nations of Europe, but tho timo was at hand when tlicso missionaries would bo called in from tho Gentiles aod thoy would havo a direct com mand to go to tbo Jows to proclaim tho Gospel. " You, youog men," said tho spoakcr, " on theso scats before tnc, will havo tho mission ; that is your destioy. Thnt is what tho Lord requires at your haod. You will raiso up tbo standard arouud theso mounlnioe, and in this Zion shall tbe gathering of Israel bo." His interpretation of prophecy was exceedingly liberal. Tho ensign to bo sot up for tho nations was tho Mormon standard, fur Zioo was to bo built upon this continent and upon tbis spot. Thoy had been fulfilling prophecy. "Prepare 30 tho way for tho people." Had not thoy prepared the way through tho desorts when tboy camo witb their ox teams and mulo-carts, nnd whcol-barrows ? 44 Cost up tho highway." What was that but the groat Pacific Railroad ? Thoy had "gathered out tho stones unworked " in thoso rugged mouutains and prepared two hundred miles of their road for tho ransomed of tho Lord to pass over. " Go through tbo gntos." What wore tboso gates but tunnels? Tho prophet did not know what tunnols were, and called them " gates." The people were to como "with speed," swiftly on tho railroad express, and not 00 carls, as before. Then the Messiah would como io power, and ou these mountains of the West his glory should be revealed, ntid all nations should see it together. Pratt is nn ablo man and an accomplished speaker; but wo could not escape the convic tion, whilo wo listened to bim, that bo was but a clover knavo, pandering to tho ignoranco and feeding tho fnnactism of tho poor deluded zealots wbo listened to bim. Tho scrvico is exceedingly simple. and bare of form. Tho Sacrament is administered, according to Mor mon rites, every Sabbath afternoon. Tbo bread is broken into morsels and blessed, and handed about to every person in tbo houso. Tho eldors .were distributing tbo broad, wbilo tho speaker was proceeding with Lib dLcourso. Tho water (tboy do not uso wine in tho ordi nance) was then arranged in cans whon tbo proachor paused, and the Grand Putriach — whoso chief function is to pronounce blessings —uttered the consecration prayer, and tho speaker proceeded while tbo wator was boing distributed. At tho close of tho sermon tho preacher , Amon !" aud all tho people answorcd " Amen !" Tho congregation seemed stolid and heavy. Tho larger proportion wore women, many of them old aod faded, looking sad and careworn, patiently enduring tho eross of ono-tlrird, or onc-fuurth, or one-fifth ol a husband iu view of the ample recompense that awaits them as the reward of their self- denial. There were few faces of beauty, and a representation of everything made in tho shape of a hat or bonnet, from tho days of Elizabeth down, could bo. found in tbo heads of thoso fanatics collected together from ovcry part of Christeudom. Punching a Pantiier.— There is a fasci nation in tho sport of rigor-hunting wbicb is not to bo wondered at when all tho circum stances of the cbnso nro considered. In the first place, if the sportsman does not succeed in finding a tiger, there is a probability ho will light upon soino other wild beast equally dis- ogreeablo whom it will bo both a pleasure and a- duty to destroy. In tbe second placo, if tho fiportsman does not kill tho tiger, ho will almost infallibly bo killed himself, or' at all ovents, bo so mauled oboutos to gain consider able glory. A correspondent of the ' Times of India/ dating from Baroda on tb'o 0th ult., gives nu account of a most pleasing day's sport lately onjoyed by Captain Wcstinacott nnd Mr. Little, the cxeoutivo engiocer P. W. Department, K&ira.; Intelligence having been received that a man-earing tiger was prowling about tho jungle near Pownghur Hill, who was said to have killed six men and a boy, theso gcntlcraoD started in pursuit of tho animal, uor wero they unsuccessful, for tboy found tbo objeet of tboir search (which turned out to bo a largo panther) near a village called Jowara. They fired at bim and be fell dead, at least so tboy imagined, but in spito of bis dcadness no sooner did tboy approach than bo suddonly made a spring at Captain Wc&tma-; cott, and bit bim severely about tbo band and wrist. Making a second bit 0, tbo panther seized tbo gulhmt officer by tho forearm, and declined to relinquish bis hold. An exciting scene ensued: Captain AVcstmacott witb the arm that was at liberty kept 44 punching" tho panther about tbo head to mako him let go, whilo Mr. Littlo, tokiog tho bruto by hotb cars, shook lrim violently until bo unclosed his teeth, when ho wos burled on one sido and despatched. News of tho accident reaching Barodn, a palankeen was sent out, in which CupUin West ni ooo tt as conveyed homo. His arm was much swollen, but according to latost accounts tboro was every expectation of a speedy recovery. . It is really marvellous how people can sit calmly In a punt and bob for gudgeons, when by a journey to India — no difficult task in theso days of rapid locomo tion— thoy might on joy a stroll through a jungle, and possibly havo tbo pleasure of puuebing a panther's bead. — ' Pull Mall Gozelte.' A serious accident hnpponed on Juno 22, near Leip-sic, to a railway train convoyiog Pomeranian troops returning home from Franco. Two non-eoinnri8sioocd officers and twouty.ono privates were unfortunately killed, and about forty othors moro or lc6s injured. Sixty thousand masons nre engaged in re pairing tho damoges done duriog the rulo of tho Commune. Tho public works of restoration, especially in tho Bnis do Boulogne, aro being pushed forward trilb great activity. 