Mining Items. Tho Araluen correspondent of the Braidwood Monitor says:-Every thingjdown here is still ve y dull, however, with the.present nne weather, if it only lasts, I believe that in a few weeks more things will look up once again. The Try Again porty have got their second engine to work, and are now again in full swing. The Hising Sun and Lady Belmore's engine has at last got to work with a centrifugal pump, whioh is, I under stand, working admirably. The Fenians, Perseverance and Forties, are Stripping away at a great rate, and will bo very shortly some of the best claims in the Valley. Herbert and Go., on tho Plains, are pushing ahead with the nowmaohinory for stripping tho ground; the winding gear ÍB now being fixed. Their fine new engine lately purchased in Sydney arrived safely here on Monday last, and is placed on the tip ; it is without exception tho finest engine ever imported into the Vallov. Tho driving party in May's paddock seem to bo getting on very well; they have got their work in excellent order. I hear that the crround is likely to turn out well, the parties who are working in it being all practical men. The removal of tho Iron Duke crusbing maohine from Major's Greek to the .Bredbo Reefs, will be, says tho Monaro Mercury of the 21st instant, acceptable to tho miners of that locality, and proves that the proprietors of the machine fhavo every faith in the permanence, quality, and prosperity of the reefs already opened. There can scarcely be a doubt but that, the presence of a crushing maohine on the scene of operations, will lead to the further developoment of the place. We are informed by Mr. P. Connolly, of Connolly's Beef, that an offer has been made by a Sydney firm-Messrs. Lawrence, Tyler, and Co.,-to bring a second maohine on to the ground. It is doubtful whether, at present, sufficient stone could be raised to keep two machines going ; and, as the Iron Duke maohine left Major's Creek on Monday last, it would be premature to induce the advent of a second machine. No doubt, as the looality becomes more developed, one maohine will, not be enough. A. new reef has been struck not far distant from that now being worked. At Con nolly's Roof, the miners continue raising stone and have a large quan tity on the surface. At the Clifton Reef from thirty to fifty tons of stone have been raised; but operations are sus pended till a test crushing oan bo had. It will, we are told, be the first stone crushed when the maohine is in order. Operations aro about to be renewed in the claims adjoining the prospectors' claim, Connolly's Beef. It is stated that a nice little nugget of the pre cious ore has been exhibited in Cooma by Mr. George Clifton, who is supposed to be prospecting in the Uma ralla neighbourhood. Thoro was also shown a sample of coarse gold dust. The reefs near Wombat, some of them, appear to be, say the Burrangong Argus, turning out satisfactorily. We are informed that eight touB from the Who'd-ha thought-it, Bullockhead Gully, which were crushed j this week at Cram's maohine, Seven-mile, yielded loz j 8dwts to tho ton. A new Company, on the tribute ? system, is being formed to work the Phoenix Company's ground. Tho shares are being rapidly taken np. A capital oruahing of 350 ozs. of gold was last week obtained from tho claim of MesBrs. Wallot and Co., North Junee, and was, says the Wagga Wagga Express, sent by tho fortunate shareholders for sale to Burrangong. Tho reef in this claim still prospects most encouragingly, and promises yet to yield large ' quantities of gold. Mining matters on the other Junee reefs just now are rather quiet, and very little prospecting is going on, but a steady and remunerative, though not vory largo, business is being done on the field, and tho minora generally aro well satisfied with t heir prospeots. The Braidwood Monotor of the 20th says:-A meetln took place yestorday at thoJDonoaster Hotel, for theg purposo of forming a company to work the Homeward Bound lleof at Little Biver. The company was formed of twenty-five shareholders at £20 per share to work tho five-acre loaso of tho Homeward Bound lino at Little River which was granted to Mr. Francis. Satisfactory arrangements were mado with Mr. Francis for tho use of tho engine and pump which that gentleman has on the ground, and he is also to crush the first 100 tons at his machine at Warrambucca. Mr. J. H. Griffin was appointed to inspect the crushing. Tho directors appointed being Messrs. li. Maddrell, H. ll. Wilson, G. P.. Rodd, C. B. Payne, and G. Tweedie. T he operations for working this reef will commence immediately. This is a move in tho right direction, and we feel confident of the " goldon" success of the enterprise, whioh will lead to other speculations of a like nature. Tho Marsdon!correspondent of tho Burrangong Argus says :-Our gold-field, if I may call it so, is rather on the ascent than tho decline. Th ero aro about BÍxty or seventy people there, who appear to have mode up their minds to stop ; und others are prospecting. One of the latter was down with a shaft about forty-two feot on Friday, and they expect to go sixty feet moro. I expect to bo able to give you further details in a week or_ BO. Thero has boen no decided washing up from any claim ; Bomo few loads havo been washed from the prospectors, and tho results, nacording to rumour, were 5, 12, and 13 dwts to tho load. Thero have been nuggets weighing from 1 dwt to hoz, and 11 dwts taken from Atkins's claim, No. 1 west. "No. 1 cast is on gold ; No. 2 is sinking ; and Nos. 2, 3, G. 7, west, are on gold ; and No. 8 is sink I ing. Tho prospectors on tho reef are not very sanguine of success, and' tho opinion is, from tho look of the stone, that, according to diggiug phmBO, they will b» duffered out. Tho 'fortnightly wash-up of Tho United Ovens ( nndTin Mining Company, on Tuesday the 17th, sho a marked improvement on tho handsome reti hitherto obtained, as it yielded 34ñoz of gold and tons of f in ore. Tho depressing influences of the exodus to the Cu jong rush, the want of rain, and the non-disoover, any new workings likely to afford omployment to oloimless miner, have resulted in tho dullness that prevailed at Gulgong, during the past week, which been a very quiet ono. Speculation in mining \ lures, says the local paper, is but a ghost of the p: and will not revive until something like a substai payablo workings is discovered, for which happy ret many hope, but few try. Tho long and auxiou oxpectod rain has not yet como, much to tho i appointment of the owners of puddling macha: whoso supply of water is being rapidly used up, tb situated on Keedy Creek excepted. The load prii pally talked of during the week has been tho "Cf (Ionian," whioh is situated on the northern bound; of Rouse's 4000 acre pnddock. A claim known as 1 16 in tho paddock has bottomed on payablo gold 116 feet, aud a trial washing of eight loads yielded Í per load. The prospectors of tho Caledonia have a bottomed a shaft at 118 feet, and are currontly belio\ to bo on the samo lead of gold. No. 12 north this lead has hoisted tho flag, and aro obtaini payable prospects, which has had the effect of rf ing the drooping spirits of olaimholders, and givi an impetus to speculation. Wo still hold < expressed opinion that tho Caledonian has its namo make. On tho Canadian lead thero is some little i provement, though tho load is not oxtonding with 1 quickness that was naturally expected from the faoi ties oxisting. The great depth of washdirt in tho clai: on gold loads to tho belief that a long continuous lc will bo proved to exist, and though privato propert: bars tho way, many aro dotormined that thc grou: shall be thoroughly tested. At Rapp's Gully, mini: matters aro rather quiot, conscquont on tho want rain to fill tho dams now erected, and sot tho puddli: machines going to reduce tho large paddocks of waa dirt that are to be seen on tho claims on gold. Tl locality is muoh thought of, and some hundreds ha settled down, determined to wait until a plentif supply of water will enable them to thoroughly te their claims. There aro a couple of parties prospectii for reefs in the range from whioh the gully has rcceivi its gold, so far without reporting a find. On the Bla< Leud, No. 18 W, has bottomed, but not on gold ; tl party are now driving weaterly, and fully expect to 1 ablo to hoist the flag in a few days. No. 31 N. hi also bottomed off tho gold, being muoh too shallov Tho intervening claims between these numbers are no going through the basalt rook, and do not calculate o pricking the bottom for the next five or six week Litigation is still the order of the day on the Hapr. Valley lead, and likely to be so until a more workah net of regulations are enacted. Tho frontago systei has not been an unmixed blessing on this gold-fielc On tho Helvotia, Star of the South, and other leads i their vicinity, there is nothing to report. The pro¡ pectora of the Durham lead have raised funds b public subscription, to erect a whim on their olaiu to enable them to moro effectively contend with th water and test the value of their ground, whioh man experienced men think will prove right. Fopulatio is still pouring in from Sydney, and as very fow ar leaving for Currajong, the streets are gradually aaBun ing their old crowded aspeot, though not so much a formerly. The Grenfell Record says :-We have little this wee to report from the two rushes that have for the lat fow weeks created so much exoitement among ot mining friends hero. From the Bushman's our repori aro not very satisfactory, the lead as we hinted at i our last issue, has turned out very patohy and as yi has not fulfilled tho rather too sanguine opinions th; were formed of it. It has not in any way justified tl rush that it has created although from the naturo < the ground wo aro hopeful of something good bein found yet. At Billy's Lookout nothing of any interés has occurred during the week, and the excitement hi cooled down a good deal. By next week wo expec to bo able to give some definite account of ibo prospect ofthis field. As rogard reefing mattersin Grenfell wo ai glad to say, our prospects are still brightening. FJOI Messrs. Robinuou and party who are working tho ou acre leaso on Lawson's reef wo learn that they have had crushing from some *' duffer " stone, part of a lot of 20 tons now lying on tho olnim which went 8dwt per ton Our reports from the machines thia week aro as fol lows :-Mr. Vaughn's is still ongnged on Tuff an party's stone from tho Homeward Bound, No. 1 north and expect to olean up next week, the stono promise very well. Mr. Cunningham's machino baa finished lot of 169 tons tons, from the White Roao reef, No. gave a total yield of 59oz 15dwt. A small lot of 1 tons from tho Evening Star reef, Tyagong, went 12dw per ton, and 33 tons of refuse stone from tho Whit Rose, prospecting, wont 7dwt per ton. Messrs. Bovai and Hopkirk aro on a largo lot of splendid lookin stono from tho Homeward Bound reef, which i expected to go fully 2oz per ton. Mr. Swann's maohin ia ongaged on a lot of stono from tho Band of Hop reef, Ley and party, whioh ia turning out exceeding!; rich. They havo put through IS tons of atone, ani tho result already got in cleaning up from tho pan alono is about 182oz of amalgam. They have about 6 tons of stone to put through yet and oxpcot to b finished on Tuesday, The Hargraves correspondent of tho Gulgong Gum dian writoa :-The prospectors ( M'Gowan Brothers havo continued to unearth splendid gold. Thoy nov have noarly seven bnga of stuff stowed away iu thei huts, which (to quote their own words) thoy estimati to bo worth fourteen or fifteen hundred pounda, ant will not tnko leaa for it. On Friday, Harpor, in No. ] A south, struck tho gold at about 13 foot, and a pros peet gave about 4dwt, and a number of very nico spooi înona. M'Groggor and Co., No. 1 north, hnve a splen did show in their reof, whioh has increased to three feot in width; the gold is not as yet struck any further, with tho oxception of a fow colours which cnn be got in a number of tho claims. The following shares havo changed hands during tho wook :-Messrs. Ander son and Hammond, of Mill End, havo purchased a third aharo in tho prospecting claim for LG00 ; M'Greg gor and party havo sold a-sixth sharo of thrco niou's ground in No. 1 North, for L325 to Messrs. Holtermnn and Beyers, of Hill End.; and a half share baa changed hands iu No. 2 North, for L50, and a quarter sleeping sharo in tho same claim has since changed hands for L50. Harpor was offered, and rofusod L200 for a third share of forty-two feet in the No. IA. I have heard that he has sinco sold, but cannot vouch for its truthfulness. Two five-acre leases have been pegged out to tho south of No. 4, and two lenses-one of four and ono of fivo acres-has also been pegged out at the north of No. 7. I havo heard that L50 has been paid for a fifth share in No. 1 lease south. A numbor of Tambaroora peoplo havo been on tho grouud. Tho prices they havo paid for abares prove that their opinion of it ia good. Thc rush is causing quito a stir boro. A few weokB will probably prove whether tho gold extends any diatanco or not. With regnrd to Billy's Lookout, the Forbes Times saya : -A groat many peoplo have passed through tho town on their way to Billy's Lookout. Wo have beard, on good authority, that tho sinking is about twenty feet, and that a half ounce nugget and l^oz of gold to three loads haa been obtained, There were three or four holes on gold at the time our informar left, and about thirty people. Tho rush is about sixt miles from Forbes, on the road to Humbug Creek. A correspondent of tho Forbes Times, writing fror tho Bushman's, says :-Of mining matters, I have t report that tho prospectors havo commenced washing and tho result at present has been over half an ounc to the load. This washing must not, however, be takei as a criterion of tho value of the dirt, as a great dea I of duffer stuff has been included, which was taken ii opening out and proving the direction of tho gutter The mon themselves are quite satisfied, and I believi tho result of tho noxfc washing will tell a different tale At the North end, No. 1 were down over sixty feel with their new shaft, and expect to be bottomed aboul Saturday. No. 2 were driving and were about thirteer foot in tho gutter. They are getting first-rate dirt, and a prospect from a dish of dirt washed tho proviouf evening was shown to mo, in which there waa fullj ljdwt of nice shotty gold. No. 3 have commenced blocking out, and can seo tho gold in the dirt as thick as over. No. 4 are engaged driving under the wash to find tho opposite side of the gutter, but from a piece of dirt which flaked, off tho roof of tho drive, they washed G.jdwt. rio. 5 obtained prospects of 1 dwt. to the dish when they bottomed. No G are getting good gold and are opening out. About half-a-dish of dirt, in which the reef predominated, was brought to the surface while I was present, and was thickly studded with gold. It was afterwards washed and yielded over a dwt. I heard, on very good authority, that No. 19 had got on payable gold at a depth of GI or G2 feet. No. 17 are sinking a fresh shaft, as although they got prospecto of I dwt. and lh dwt. in their last, they had reason to bolievo that they were not on the gutter. Tho inter mediate claims have not succeeded in finding the deop ground, but are actively prosecuting their search. On the south and Nos. 1, 2, and 3 seemed quito satis fied with their prospects. No. 4 are busily driving, but havo not yet- struck the gutter, neither has No. 5, but No. 6 continue to get first-rate prospects ; I hoard as much as 2 dwts. to the dish. Below G, they are still looking for the gutter. Some of tho block claims about the prospectors and other numbers who have taken their ground, are hard at work, and a party is sinking for a run in the direction that the north end was first marked out ; they are down S3 feet, and not bottomed. No. 1 South have since washed 18 ounces to 22 loads, and have not cleaned up tho machine. Tho Tenterfield Star says :-We are given to under stand that the water-wheel crushing machine, at work on the Solferino roof, broko up a few days ago. The cause wo have not hoard, but wo believe that it was situated on tho Bide of a hill, and it ÍB supposed from the accounts to hand, to have gone bodily down the hill. This will doubtless retard mining operations at Solferino for some short time to come-a matter to be sincerely regretted. 