QUIPS AND CRANKS.—No. TTTT A bachelor s .Lament. Once upon a time there lived a young man, who, strange to say, was horn when a mere child, and increased in age day by day. He was the son of rich but honest parents, and his maternal relative was his only mother. He was supremely happy; in fact, his very name was R. E. Joyce, or, to use a touching simile, he was as joyous as the girl that killed her grandmother. But in an evil hour this unfortunate youth perpetrated the awful crime of matrimony. He is now on trial, and like Henry HI. has never been seen to smile since. But ere his fall he wrote these pain ful rhymes under a fit of temporary profanity, which shows how the human mind is oft un true to itself. GOING ! GOING ! 1 GONE ! ! ! They're going, the papers reveal it, The friends of my bachelor life, And they care not how hard I may feel it Each ties himself on to a wife. I know not the cause, tho' I often Endeavoured the reason to find, But love must their intellect soften And leave them without any mind. They marry and steadily settle Their necks to the gall of the yoke, They lose all their fun and then* mettle And sigh at the ghost of a joke. They fade from our evening meetings, They join ne'er a lark nor a spree, Grow mild in the style of then greetings, And confess an affection for tea. They are curbed by the bridle of marriage, And push in a ludicrous way The perambulatorial carriage, With an 'umble attempt to be gay. They're versed in the value of bonnets, And up to the price of a shawl; They never sing laughable sonnets, Lest the baby may wake up and squall. Of punch they ne'er handle a ladle, And only know one sort of " crib^". And that is the baby's new cradle (I wonder they don't wear a bib). Their aspect is always dejected, Tbey never are guilty of chaff, And if you could get them dissected, You'd ne'er find the trace of a laugh. The girls never smile when they meet 'em, Nor turn to look after they're gone. They're married! then why should they greet 'em? Their aspect is sadly forlorn. They never get smoking-caps worked 'em, Nor slippers by pretty girls made, For wedlock has, so to say, burked em, And cast them all into the shade. **-«- **#>*<* The unhappy author here committed the very folly he was deprecating, and now being mushed." never finislied. tlie lines. UISUHUU. December 31, 1S70. 