MIMora PRussaAr WAR.-Now, consider how the Prussians act. Year by year, when the crops are gathered in, and comparatively little damage can be done to the fields by marching over them--the weather being yet mild and the days not short-the Prussian government assembles in various parts of the country two complete armies, of which the onommands are entrusted to different generals, and which are expected to operate one against another, as if they belonged to dif ferent nations. One army is instructed to protect, say a certain fortress or a town; the other is to manoeuvre for the occupation of it.' Neither commander knows where his adversary is placed, but both being desired to' take up certain positions, they both receive, when their troops are brought to gether, general instructions as to what thoy aRe, expected todo. The rival armies consist of all the three arms. They carry with them everything that would be needed in real war ; their transport follows them, their provisions, medical stores, spare ammunition, and what not. No tents cumber them, for the Prus sians always bivouac, both in manomuvres and in actual warfare; and the chiefs on both sides, with the staff, are left to their own de vices.. These two armies mayropen the mock campaign, anl generally do so, at a distance of several days' march from each other; and they are thus constrained to feel their way, one eating on the offensive, the other on the defensive, juwt ae if the sham were a reality.. The campaign never lasts for a shorter time than afortnight-it, sometimes occupies three weeks; and while.it; goes. on. everything is done whether inmoving or ,halting,: whether in soarahingitllhrfropt and flanks witli'?patrols, or,.in.coveoring, the place.;of rest with 'out-line; pickets, that would' bhe done:inain enemy's-pre sesce. From such: masnolvres men and offi. cars alike learn is' manih :a they would do in actual.war.. ;For'theyecross rivers onbridges of their, own Iconstruction,. they: occupy vih lares, they make' sketohes of; the terrain'. as they pass along, they- baike their'.bread' arid cook as they marchli ahd itt list comte to' blows' with blacnk ckrtridges-?some'ihigh military authority. giving..td one or the'otlei' .the palm of victory, according to the skilfulness 'of hie dispositions.-Why. is' Prussia 'Victoriois ?: in Blackwsod's Magazin. ' IMPERIALISM AND THE ARMx.-Far, from escriping the taint of revived imperialism, the army:has suffered most from it. The Impe rial :Guard and the other chosen troops, to. which the regiments of the line were sacri ficed, had degenerated so rapidly that. they had begun to bear a strong resemblance to the famous Pramtorian guard. Promotion, at" least in the higher grades, had gone, or was believed to have gone, by favouritism; the men. had no confidence in the officers, and the olficers complained loudly of the in subordination of the men. The best qualities of soldiership were wanting. A dashing exploit in Algiers made up for all defects of professional knowledge, or, in case of any chance irregularity of conduct,'set every thing to rights. It is a matter of notoriety that even the staff-officers were' utterly ignorant of tlie geography of their own country, of the very frontier on which they were to operate, though amply provided with maps. of the country between the Rhine and Berlin. The force ot fatuity and ignorance can go no further. When they took the field, the luxury which had been fostered in the court and capital were transported to the camp; the Emperor setting the example with a suite lwhich threw the Grand Monuarque into the phade, and recalled. Xerxes or Sardana palue.-The Personal History of Imperialism in 1870, in Fraser's Magazine. HomuncLE INFATUrtTION.-D. G. Tuttle, of VWarren, Illinois, died last Thursday of starvation. We clip the following account of the affair from the Warren Sentinel: For twenty-five days, ending last Thursday aorning, Mr. Tuttle had existed without food or nourishment, taking only a few ounces of water and wine; but on the morning alluded to, nature gave way and his spirit took its flight. Tuttle was a strong believer in spiritualism, and claimed that the spirits told him that he must fast for forty days, after which he would go into a trance and the spirit would depart, but after six days it would come back, and we should be all breth ren. He said he suffered no pain of any kind, but was tormented by those who came to talk with him. T'hoday before he died we visited him at the residence of his mother, in this place. Going in we found him all alone, in a small room, without furniture, lying on a bed with a quilt thrown over him. On entering the room he told us to go out. " If you want to talk to me," he said, " go round to the north end of the house, and talk through the window. 'You make the air too close." To gratify him we proceeded to the window. " Do you suffer any pain, or nreo you troubled, Mr. Tuttle ?" " No, I am perfectly easy. You torment me when you talk to me. My strength is almost gone now." " What do you think is to become of you ?" " I am going to sleep now pretty soon, when the spirit will depart. After six days it will return, and I will rise up, and we will be all brothers." To gratify him wo *ore then driven away from the window. Lying there on the bed, he presented a horri ble appearance. All Iie flesh had been con sumed by the vital organd,to sustain life, and the skin clung tight to tlh bones. With long, uncombed hair and whiskers, sunken eyes and hollow cheeks,, he presented a wreck to look upon. On the Sunday'before he died he was immersed in Spafford Branch, he believ ing it was necessary to cleanse his spirit, and he also had some of his tooth pulled out to carry on the cleansing process. On Wednes day last the authorities were called in, who endeavoured to persuade him to cat, and suc ceeded in getting him to take some beef-tea; but the remedy came too late. He was past redemption, and gradually sunk into the trance from which there was no awakening. Let us hope that our Heavenly Father will be more kind to him than he was to himself. YouNGo LDIES' SoHOOLS.- There is a greoat deal to be said about French board ing-schools, and against them too. Miss Golightly was finished at Madame Guig non's pensionnat at Challot. She came back with a pure French accent and a culti vated taste for dress; but before Miss Go lightly had been six months at home, what did she do but run away with Lieutenant Colonel Cuss, late of the Texan Rangers! She is separated from him now. Cuss, it is said, had another wife at Bagdad, was given to drinking cocktails early in the morning, and sometimes cowhiding his spouse nde Go lightly. There's your French schools for you ! At present the Lieutenant-Colonel is a roker-in to a faro-bank at Atlanta, la., and the reoond Mrs. Ouss is playing roulette at Monaco, and teaching her Parisian accent in all its purity to her Russian admirer, Count Puntoff. Well, there are Anglo French schools at Boulogne, and Calais, and Dunkirk ; but paterfamilias may have heard ugly stories concerning some of those estab lishments. Did not a daughter of one of his friends come back from the department of the Pas-de-Oalais afflicted with incurable chilblains? Another, on her return, had forgotten the better part of her English and had failed to acquire a commensurate amount of French. Miss Tucker (who has rather a formidable appetite) declared that she was half-starved at Boulogne-sur-Mer. Accord ing to her showing, the standing dishes at the school dinner-table were bread soaked in hot water, and haricot-beans. Miss Lazy bones, whose parents, it must be confessed, .had been somewhat remiss in their quarterly payments, told dreadful tales of having been turned into a drudge and compelled to clean the knives and scrub the floors of the estab lishment; Miss Clappum, who was always a serious girl, dropped dark hints of attempts made to convert her to the Romish faith, and persuade her to take the black veil; and Miss Procnx, than whom a saucier young minx seldom, if ever, existed, complained of having been whipped. There is but little doubt that it served her right; but, as her mamma justlyobserved, "the daughters of England were not to be treated by the)nasty cruel foreigners as though they were negro slaves; And that if her Sophy wanted whip. ping, she. could get quite enough of it at home." The which, if, report spoke truly, Sophy did; Mrs. Prooax being ai Tartar. G-. A. Salh in Bolgraivia. ' IMuoh i,'genuity has been expended id the endeavour ito discover on which htiind'nd on which finger the wedding-rinig was anciently placed. -The Jews have a traditionathiiai'y, when she espoused Josehli?recei~ed the ring. on h er miiddle finger, hence no Jewish woman wears-her bridal ring there, but always'on her forefinger. St. Ambrose in one of his ser mons calls the third finger the finger for the riing. Macrobius gives the nursery names of the fingers in the times of the Romans; the third finger is called unularis; the low Nor man name for the same finger is " John of thb seals." In the ancient ritual of marriage e'aioni the English Baptiste, the ring was phiced on the end of the left thumb with the wdrdsi " in the name oel the Father," then on the forefinger, with the words, "and of the Son," then on the middle finger " and of the Holy Ghost," finally on the third,,thering finger, with the closing word, "amen." .The ancient Greeks used this?finger also, because they believed-a nerve to rud directly from'this fir'ger to the heairt. Lemnitie ays? it is not an artery but a vein, and modern science shoins that there is nothing of the kind in existence. The right hand. is the hando of -power, hence the wife wears- the ring on the left hand. The third finger is the only recog nised ring-finger, though it is true' that the staitues of the gods had their signets on the forefinger, both in Greece and in Italy. This was on the right hand; but, from convenience and long-established custom, the left hand is now generally considered the right hand, and the least finger of that hand holds the ring. Lsamnius says the same finger was called Medious, for "on account of the virtue it derives from the heart, the old physicians would mingle, their medicaments and potions with this finger, because no venom can stick uipn the very utmost part of it; but it will offend a mainan, and communicate itself to his hohri'." 'Some married women are so super stitiously rigid in their notion respecting the wedding-ring that they will never, even for a modmet, take it off their finger, extending, it wduld seem, the expression, "till death us -do part," even to this golden pledge of matri mony.. R: u8x AtND THE Poo0.-W Vith all his efforts, we.are thankful to say that he can not arrive at making the uncouth noise which Oarlyle made, and the uncouthness of which gave what he said more than half its force. He is too tender-hearted to curse heartily, and he cannot bear, like his proto type, to pour forth torrents of blame without proposing remedies for evils. But the re medies Ruskin has proposed are unpractical at this time and in this country, owing to his ignorance of the state of the poor. No man is less fitted to understand their true posi tion. He is too sensitive to beauty, to clean liness, to quietude, not to exaggerate the ap parent misery of a life passed in the midst of ugliness, dirt, and noise. He thinlks all the poor feel these things nearly as much as he does, and he cannot conceive, as we see from these lectures, that they should endure to live. We should suppose that he has never lived among them, nor soen how thinrg among them are seasoned by caution. Those who have gone from room to room in the courts which Ruskin thinks so unen durable, know that there is on the whole as much happiness among them as there is among the upper classes; that there is more self-sacrifice, more of the peace of hard work, more good humour, more faithfulness to others in misfortune, more every-day righteousness. Their chief evils are drunk ,nnoss, which has only lately vanished from among the upper classes; and the torrent of alms which has been poured upon them, and which has drowned their independence and postponed their learning the lesson of pru dence as opposed to their reckloess extrava gance. Their main wants are a really active sanitary board, directed by gentlemen in the city and provinces, who will see that the common work is done with common honestev and education, especially education in pt . dsial science. The commonest training in the first principles of physiology and chemistry, given accurately, will soon pro duce that state of active anger at their condition, and determination to have it' rectified, which no state interference can give them, and which state interference sends to sleep. True, Ruskin advocates this kind of education, and has advocated it well; but he has done it as part of an elaborate system of direction by the state and by the, upper classes-direction which would be as evil to its victims as Romish direction is to the moral force of its patients. No nation has ever been saved by foreign help; the poor can never be saved by the action of the rich, only by their native exertion, and.. everything that Ruskin says on the subject . is open to this most grave objection, that it, takes away from the people the education which is gained by personel mistakes and personal conquest of mistakes.-Macmillan. A DEA. LEoISL&TOnR.-In; the new German parliament there is one member who is stated by the Pall Mall Gazette to be as deaf as a., post, and yet not only delivers frequent :aind excellent speeches, but mingles as freely in the debates and answers his adversaries' attacks as readily and unhesitatingly as any of his colleagues. The member we refer to. is the famous historian Heinrich von Treit schke. He is enabled to take part in discus sions not by the use of the finger language, nor by guessing an orator's words from the motion of his lips, but by the services of one of his fellow-members, Herr Wehrenpfennig, who acts as his friend's amanuensis, writing down word for word every speech delivered in the House. This piece of friendship de serves to be admired ; but it may be ques tioned whether it will not prove too arduous for the self-sacrificing member in the end. How Herr von Treitschkeo will manage in the event of Herr Wehrenpfennig's falling ill, or, still worse, not being returned at the next general elections, it is hard to say. That the obliging gentleman performs hie duty well is proved by Herr von Treitechke's ready answers in the recent debates. Per haps the two will constitute themselves twin candidates, and jointly canvass for seats in future. Some members, however, doubt their ability to continue the co-operative ar rangement long, and afirm that after all, the liberal professor will resign his seat. Consider fbr a moment the general conver sation of the world about you, the drivelling yeoull get at dinners and the twaddle at teas; and also think how much 'you, the critic and cynic, have contributed to all this- drivel and twaddle, and what " rot " it all is. Think, if you can do so with any calmness of mind, of the sort of talk which you have been in the habit of manufacturing for the casual ac quaintance whose misfortunes have brought him within conversational distance of you tbhink of the serious opinions you solemnly de livered on the doiogs of these stirring times.: Remember the poor little attenuated witti cisms you managed to introduce, and how 'you dragged in by the imaginative scruff of its metaphorical neck that very aged story which you fancy you tell so well, and which your, poor wife has heard, ah ! so many times too often, and consider with what an air you did. it all, and how you paused for the little com plimentary laugh or interjection that your victim felt himself compelled to attribute' when you held out to him so obtrusivey' your ragged old hat of self-oomplacent conceit. What was it all ? Doyou not in your heart'of, hearts confess that it was the inost complete' "rot?"' Or, may be, you are still: in:yourti salad days, a rising lawyer, a sniart doctor,. or.a spruce clerk in the civil service of your; country. You affect. polite society,, and specially the companionship of that sex whose charming chatter could never be designated by, such a term as "rot." You go to your little thl-dansante, or soiree, or what not, and are at-once taken by your bland and. radiant hostess to the benches where the mercenary matrons of society display their charming wares. You make your choice, and showino the bewitching and be-tulled sylph how ve2. bald you are getting, presant her with y ý) elbow, as a sort of entrancing bait, and, ha" log hooked her, land her on the banks'of the slow-flowing quadrille. Then you begin what you call a conversation-that is, you ask her if she has seen the last new play, read the last new novel, heard the last new opera, and smelt the last new perfume ; and, having re ceived affirmatives or negatives, as the case may be, you find you must draw a cheque on the steady old firm of Weather and Co., which she cashes in very small coin; and so you, between you, get an available and safe currency to continue the negotiations with. If you are bold, you may try flirting, and get to the considerations of love "in the abstract; " but, my dear young friend, what wretched t rot " it all is, is it not ?-The Civilian. News comes from Florence, under' date. 15th March, of the death of Madame Lcotitia Bonaparte Wyse. She was .the eldesti daughter of Luciep, 'Prince ° '~-ainod tiese of Napoleon ., and the couchi of Napoleon III. She was eixty-eir. years of .g4, -di married Sir Thomas Wyse, formerly English ambassador at Athens, who died in 1862. One of her daughters wae married to General Turr, and the other to Ratazzi, the well known Italian minister. AN IMPROBABLE STORY.-The following ex traordinary outrage at Rothschild's bank at Frankfort is reported in the Pall Mall Gazette:-" Frankfort, 20th April.-Seve ral men broke into Messrs. Rothschild's bank yesterday with nitro-glycerine bombs, attempting to extort money from the cashier by threats. One bomb exploded, wounding a clerk. On the arrival of some of the em-. ployds, the robbers escaped, one only being arrested, who is said to be a Frenchman." The wing of the common fly makes three hundred and thirty beats a second during . flight. 