OlAP rER II, (Continued from our last.) THR HISTORY or SuIn nRO.LACC. "' Vie a hiatoy, ear.dtd fr, m eges down-a nurse's tale Wbhicchildtree, upoipd eyed and mouth'd. ridvour." " Our wil cht a e' no longer old And wrii.kl.d beldame, Satan sold , But youne and gay a,,d laughing creaturos Withe lheart's sunchine qq th'ir fen'tires." WmuTII, The room which Pennon oceupied that nlight was a quaint looking apartment, and a most agreeable change from the square, dlusty, common place chamber at Mrs Butterby's. It was sclrcely high enough at two of the sides for him to stand under, but was quite lofty in the centre o' the pointed ceiling. It was large and dim, with painted walls. Nearly' in the centre stood the bed, broad and high, covered with a silken co.n terpan whose embroidered flowers were dim and somewhat frayed with wear, and the bed was shaded quite grandly with lace curtains. The whole furniture, including two or three pictures upon the walls, looked as if it might have been arra:nged a tundred years before. Nothing looked new except the absence of ;lust, the scr:upgpkh whiteness of the linen and a bouquet of fresh flowers in a vase upon a stand. 'A large Gathic window, cor responding in architecture With the pointea roof occupied a portion on one side of the room. After looking About with great curiosity, the guest extinguished his light and sat himself by tlhe window to enjoy the effect of the moonlight both within and without Immediately beneath, a flower garden sent up a host of mingled perfgmnes to feast lis senses, and all about the casement was twined honeysuckles and roses, clinging to the cold stone with slender tendrils like fingers, and bending over to, ppeep beneath or swing at ease on their airy perches.. A stream girded the valley with a belt of silver; lie could hear its drowsy plush where, it descended a little flowery slope Pennon was in one of his poetical m.opds, Whether the sweet face he had aten ieanine over the well, bathed in the rosy light of sanset, or the peculiar beauty of the, place and hour had much to do in inducing it, can not be said-probably both had their, share in leading him o,. to dangerous dreams of fancy and sentiment. This will never do, he murmured, as a clock in the room beneath struck eleven. If I rise at four in the morning to make my sketch, I must be in bed betimes. He had neen scribbling what may have. been rhymes upon a scrap, of paper, by the slggestive light of th, egoo.n, for the last half hour. This he, thrrt into his pocket, and resigned his seat by the window for repose upon the iviting, quaintl19pking bed. As he was sinking from conscious thought into slumber, the sound of the clopk strikinh the midnight hour, fell faintly upon his ear. At the same m1omnenthe, became srware, as by some mystic influence, of the presence of srme one in the chamber. He was wide asake in an instant ; ande turning his head ho sw what, if-his cbnscience had not beeq clear and his so0l composed, would hpvQ frightened him An old lady stood near his bed. Ie could not see her face distinctly, but it looked very pale, though not seyvre. Her hair was puffed and powdered in. the ancient style. A broad bar of moonlight lay across her dress, and he could plainly see that it was of rick brocade, cut goreing, and plaited into a bel uppon which shone a handsome goll backle in which he detected the glitter of jewels. As he gazed at her s.he spoke*. Her voice was hollow, but not unmueical. It had a mournful cadence, as of a voice burn dned as with too great a lFnowledge oqf SarroV\ Unhappy man ! who. art thou that thou shouldst come here to trouble the innocent 3 Was it destiny that led you to the well at that fatal moment, to blight the fortunes of the fairestof the Percys P Be merciful, and .o from here before destiny has its consumma tion. But that cannot be, fate ie immu table-immutable-immutable! Well, said Pennon. in a sabdued whisper., after a short silence, this is rerlly lik,. ap old romance. One might almost be persuaded that some witchery was connected with those green stones which that well gave up to day. Immutable! Canit be that I am in any way imrriutably coneoted with the fate of that lovely creature ? IHis cheek glowed at the thought, until, he remenmbred that the prediction was of her, sorrow. That was not so, pleasant Psh:aw! of course I was dreaming,~ he ejaculated after a time, and beisn very s'eosv, he dropped, again into his slumbers. He awoke at fonu o'clo.k, and the first thing he. recalled wasre his ,ision of the.night before. It ..med more real in memory even than in exl.er:ence. If he had ngU had a contempt for th. idea o, ghosts, he would :,rttainly have believed in the apparition. The more he thought of it the more it puzzled him; so hbe dismissed it as much as 1 ossible from his mind. Toget up or not to get up thus qarly in the morning, is the. question, he softly yawned l'our hours of sleep, had hardly rested h! n, and he was about to giye up the idea of a klietch, when he caught a glnimpseg of the hills throilgh the window, and they wore such a magic atmosphlere, and the sky be yondi was tinged so exquisitelv, that the artist aoke in his soul, He forgot his re In:?tance, and sprang from his couch in, a glow of enthusiasm [a fifteen micutes be was on his way to a part of the valley from which. he wished to b:,s.ii? hia work. ie came back to breakfast none 0oo soon; the family were at the table when, hbe entered. He.gave them a cou0reous greoeting;. that of Clematis was. very slight in words, but a rapid heightening of color, in her check spoke of interest or. termidity Hlis drawing, which was donp in water colors, waa looked at by all and very much admired If we only had so good.a picture ofour dear native valley, how much I should like it., said Clematis, and then blushing for fear the stranger would think she was asking him in uhat way to give it to her Pennon lopoked up quickly to Farmer Percy. An oil painting will be more durable, said. w? if you do not feel thatI shall intruide for a day or two, I will .copy this in oil for your dagglhter. It will be but" a small re Turn for the priviledgoof stopping in this beautiful place Clematis turned her bright eyes upon her father with a look which asked him to accept the offer This he was glad to do; and before the meal was completed, arrangements were were concluded on. The farmer was going to the; village that morning for men to help him ect the grass in his meadows, and he would stop at the hotel and get the box containing canvas, etc, at the same time that he informed the landlord of the whereabouts of his guest, and bade him take care of his other baggage until called for 'L'hat afterngon an impromptu sasel was was set up in the rose shado.wed and rose scented pDrlor of the old farm hogse. What pen could hope to. picture the charm of those swift footed hours stealing by ,while Pennon painted talkiog at the same time in his instructive, faeciful, and original manner to mother and daughter, as they sat, with their sewing, listening and answering more by smiles and i.terested looks than by words?. Sometimes Olenmatia sang, at his request, and then he painted with more wonderful swiftness and effect than ever,- his brushes seemed to fly of themselves, his colors to take on rare tints, until the picture glowed in an ethereal softness of atmosphere more beautiful than the loveliest reality Ah i the more sturdy farmer did not guess, much as he was delighted with the usene, that giving him that picture for a few day's board and lIdging, was like giving him a costly pearl or diamond in return for a toy basket It was on the fourth afternoon of his stay, that at his solicitation, equal with her daughter',, Mrs Percy gave the family legends connected with the. string of emeralds which Clematis had found in the well A soft wind was, blowing among the roses, and distant glimpses of the landscape he was working upon could be had from the open window. The very witchery of present romance seemed hovering about the young couplet while. the still handsome mother took up. the romance of the past You most know, began the matron, with a look of pride not at all unbecoming to her, that the Percys are an ancient family, and Cthat Clematis has good blood in her veins I do not doubt it, thought the artist, with a glance at the peachdike.cheeks, so fresh and velvety, where the rich veins glowed wtth the very healthiest and best of blood But itis not on her father's side aloae that she is thus gifted ; my own family was, the. peer of the Percys, in the good old days of Queen Bess, before this country was any more than a strange and unfamiliar dream. This necklace came into the family in 15.95,. It was presented by Mortimer Montieth to. my beautiful ancestress, Lady Alice de ?'ere, on the day of her wedding to, John, Earl of Ges ter Mortimer Monteith was a Scotch qoguin of the lady Alice's, who had onca been a suitor for her hand, but who had been rejected. He was not a man to inspire the .other seo with tender sentiment, says the. tradition; and he took his dismissal in that silent sort of way which no, one knows, how to, interpret. However, he, was present at the wedding feast, and gave the lovely bride this costly gift, clasping it abput her while throat with his ovn hands That might, when the. bridegroom. sought the chambec.of his bride, he found her dead in her own bed nor could all the. science of the best physician. of that day say what it was that killed her. The emerald necklace which her maidens hadforgotten to unclasp, wsa about ber. throet, sparkling and ftishing like some beautiful serpent eulting in its power to.destroy. At least, thus.it appprred to, tome, while others would not acknui ledge that it could possess any fatal influence Monteith, was, never heard from, afterwards; i and the widowed earl threw hi, life away in battle at the first opportunity After these tragic. occurrences, the necklace dumbered, many years in its casket. Upon, the marriage of, another. beauty from the house of de Vere, it was sent, among other jewels, a present to the bride. 'Three weeks after the. wedding, she was instantly killed, by being. thrown from her horse, while out hunting. Singularly enough, she wore the emeralds at the time, having tuken a fancy that they suited her green velvet riding. habit. A whisper now. breathed through the family t,h'it some evil, and fatal influence lingeredl in thp necklace. For a period of seventy years no, one could he induced to wear it; snd no bride of the de Veres but would haveshudderedat having it presented to her. 1t was k.ept in a 'asket by itself, and4 looked, at as a curipsity. Its splendor and costliness, was no temptation to. the vanity of' the fair women, who ezb aminedit; until Madeline Monteith, a bril liant creature, full of spirit and. bravery, beiog betrothed to a noble cavalier, avowed her intention of possessing herself of, the necklace to add to the jewels of her trousseau. It was a sharnmb, she said, to let so superb an ornament languish in perpetual darkness, because of a foolish superstition; the bride who wore it last? would have been, thrown from her hors.e, if she had not ebhopen, to wear the einmeralds, As. for herself, they become her, they -ere magnificent, andashe would wear them. Y She had, her way about, iit; and, for: a time she. seemed to prosper; but-: she neves left her chamber after the birth of'a puny boy,:iiad, died'.in.lesthan a year from. h.er bridalday: SIt"woruld' weary you, c6ntinued' Mre Percy, to recounntthe-history of the varioua^romen of our line who have perished from accident 'or met with sudden death, after having had the temerity to. wear the.emerald: necklace. :It has been the traditionary beliefs that Mortimer Monteith laid sapha.curse. and ban upon his gift as can never.be shaken off. Inspired with horror by mournfal tragedies connected with it, it has several.timea been thrown away by some one or another of my 'ancestors, yet it has never failed, soonpr or :later, to come to light, whether it were thrown into yawning chisnus, intp bosoms of deep lakes, 'into fires, or, ms in this latest instance, into. a voiceless well; and the finder has ever been as unfortuiate as those to whom it has been presented. ' It came, with a branch of the family, over the water about a hupdred years ago. The vessel in whichi they sailed was wrecked on Absecoln coast; but all, of the passengera were saved, except one young girl, Anne de Vere, a lovely creature, the pride and hope of il1, who being dragged to shore in the made clasp of her fat'ter, was found to be drowned, that hateful necklace glimmering abodt her throat iq the pale light of the stormny dawn Of course, in this age of realities, of science, light, and knowledge generally, our faithl in omens, bans, curses, and all traditio , nary legends, is not very strong ; and my mother, who was a womaq of excellent mind, smiled at the stories attahetd to the costly trinket, which she thought would be a fine present to me upon the occasion of my marriage. She sent to an aunt, who bad the jewels ini chirge (almost the .sole re' maining token aofformdr splenidor), who forwarded them at her reqdest, and they arrived the day before my marriage. The house, in which we still reside, was the homestead of my mother- Well do I re member of taking that dreaded hox (for I oonfess to. a small degree of superatition), stealing out in the moonulight, and dropping it into the well,-after which I breathed minore freely ; and could give my hand to my lover, the next morning, with no worse dread than maidens usually feel upon similar ocen at sions. tt was eighteeq years ago the tenth of last month, she added, with a soft sigh And to your throwing away the emeralds, I 'uppose you attribute all of your and papa's unwonted felicity, said Olematis, with a light laugh I do-I certainly do murmured Mrs Percy ; and I am sorry you found them, Clematis, May Ieaveq al.ert the .iial resnlt i The mother said this so solemnly that the young girl felt oppressed for a moment. The dying light of the sun streaked the tv{ilight with rosy.har$; the. perfumed winds sighed at the casement; i a.bird tdttered to its nest with a sudden, tremulous cry The artist had put the last touch. to his picture as the lady spoke the last word of her story Hlie had been listening while he painted,-now he laid aside his pallet, looked at Olematis, and sighed " Come! laughed she, this is growing melan choly; let us criticise your picture, Sir Artist But there was not light enough left for this severe business-she must defer her decision, to the morrow Toimorrow I To_-torrow their. guest was going away OHAPl TER II T$B A4OIDENT lI know not if the euushina w~~te The world is dark sioce thou art gone] she hours are, oh . so lesden-paced 1 The birds sing and the stars float on But sing not well and look not fair A weight is in the.summer ar: That same eyeniug, after the lamps were brought in, Mr Percy joined the company, asking his daughter for some music. Clematis could wil.e strange melodies, out of old, fashiono, piano; every one loved to. hear him X play and sing. While she complied with her. father's request, Pennon, sat silently re. garding her, and thinking how loJh he should hbe to quit the stone cottage, now that his I picture was finished If I could only invent anoqher excuse, he sighed. Not that nny thing is tq be gained r by staying here in particular--only the oppprtunity. of enjoying this delightful country ; and the house is so quiet and the t people so pleasant-- wish they would take I me as a boarder. for.a few weeks. A great many persona, take. aummer boarders, I t wonder.if they would be displeasedif I should Smake the proposition While, he was musing upon the best way to. broach the subject, Clematis, who had a been plaving some of ,erigayest, least sontul 1 mdsic, aros and moaed to the lamp,on the \- ontertable S Mamma she said, with a smiling face, is. it not curious, we have not only been 1 favoured by having an artist in our valley, but some poet has. also been Swandering about this vicinity. Papa Sfound this paper out in the meadow, Sand brought it to me thinking it mine, It r is quiete like poetry-shall I read it to you S A sudden suspicion crossed Penaon's mind. He thrust his. hand in his vest Spocket with a look of dismay Ye., to be sure, Clematis, read it It begins, as usual, with a title, said the mischievous girl; with apparent gravity, ind Sis called, 'At the Well.' " 1 Here Pennon made a start to seize the S:paper, but was prevented, and the young a lady continued. • AT: THE WELT i ' 8he stood beside the ancient well, t : A youthful girl, in rustle plightb ;: S The rosy sunset round her fell, a Flushing her form with lovely. light. 1o rustic, was she, though she dipp'd, The bucket to the fountain deep, d And laugh'd to see how silvery dripp'd e The water from the bending sweep. u : If ever angel troubled pool- , As the old legends love to say e An angel stirr'd the ripples cool r ithip thlat well at close of d~y,. SThe sunset's glow was not more hrig;ht e TPhan the rich masses of7 her hair, ; ust where they rounded to the light • In nestling on her:. shoulders fair Eyes:laughing, andyet full of. pride, And fuller still of love and hope ; : And cheeks as delicately dyed Asl flowers that in the mooolightope bhe lip with its.own sweetness mute,. The dazzling dirm, the graceful form_ ILight poised upon one salender fo~bt-... All bpthed~in.esplight soft and waxm As if.they greet he. sown bright eyes. She bent above the mossy curb; I long'd yet fear'd, by srom.surprise Thp beauteous.visc n to'o.dipturb, Just then a wild and thrilling scream t Seat back the life blpod from.my e .cheek ;:...... &las; ! how vanish' my sweet~.dream ! SIhatea frightena'd wopan's shriek. r , I did not write that last verse--youadded e it yourself, cried Pennon, hIlf:angayat the a mocking tone of the ~entiment with which a shlie read: hli unfortunate production, yet obliged to laugh. at the. moci heroic conclu sion 'she had tackdd on. to the unfinished poem You! she exeladied you are the author,, tlhen? ar you and of course I' am the' heroine Of course you are, and the most. beautiful of all the hundreds I have' had, and'the most willing to read and proclaim your own praises There was a trifle of malice in, the last half of his sentence, which was provoked by an intuitive feeling that if Olematis had cared any thing about his. verses or his comn mendations, at leaat it she had regarded them with a shadow of tender feeling, she would no. .thus have dared to. 'nale mirth out of them ahe wauld have. laid them away in her escroitoir, or her most precious book of poems, and said nothing more about them. But the only keenness in his words lurked in the first ones: He and sang the praises of a hundred others. . It. was nothing new for him to nmeet lovely women and string rhymes together. in their honor. it was only an amusement Thus thought Olematie, and suddenly lost her gayety. Pennon, too, was a little out of humor. He lost his desire to spend any more time in the valley ; concluded he had heea a silly fellow for the last three days, and that his baggage at the hotel in the village needed attending to. He confined his. conversation almost entirely to. Mrs Percy, was reserved but profoundly polite, and stole but an occasional glance at the' beautiful girl who' sat .with crimson cheek ?nd downcast eyes, busying herself with some trifling work Immediately after, breakfast the next morning he was. ready to say goodibye. Mr and Mrs Percy both :warmly invited him to stop and see thdm whenever he should pass, through thle valley, and he acceptod their invitation; he had now .some' thoughts of returning another summer-perhaps the. next If the lip- of' Clematis trembled a little when she. heard this, he did 'not see it ; she was bright, and friendly, and calm when she give him her hand to say farewell So he went away; and Clematis crushed a burning tear between her eyelids as she watched through the lace of the curtain at her windows and saw his. form slowly dis appear down, the road I, living in this secluded spot, never before met a man like him-as accomplished, gifted, accustomed to, the world, and to admiration too, no doubt-for how could he help excit.. ing it ?. she murmured with bitterness. B.ut .he has seen thousands of ladies not only more beautiful-(nay, Clematis, look in thy mirror, child !)--but in every way more, fitted to. win his regard, skilled in the arts and swiles that worldlings prize ; fashionably attired, elegant, versed in the gossip of the day. But why do I care for that F Must I be admired in order to be happy ?T Have I not my books and music, and my garden, and my dear father and mother P. I wonder why it seems so. lonely, living in the country :-it never did before Resolved not to. feel lonely, she tied on her straw hat and went down to, the yard, forcing herself to sing a gay ballad--Comin' through the rye. When she eame to the words, Ilka lassie has. her laddie-. Nane, they. say, hae I, she broke down, and went on, getting he flowers in silence This silence was presently disturbed by the rising of the gate latch. She looked up and saw their guest returning up the walk, pale and limping, leaning upon a stick which he had picked up. As she hastened to, him, her ingenuous face spoke eloquently of the fear and interest she felt Are yovan hurt ? I sprained my ankle in jumping overs a fence. It was very dareless of me,. I have dragged myself back for. half a mile, and must wait, I think, until some.waggon passes which is going to my destination. A, foolish accident ! he said forcing a, smile, though he evidently suffered I am so sorry, murmured Olematis. Take my arm, do, until we get in the house, or lean on my shoulder. M other will bind it up for you-she is very skillful You speak like Jane Eyre, remarked, Pennon, in a peeclisr tone, as. he. accepted her offer Oh yes, I remember! And you are Rochester. I did not think of that when 1 spoke. But yog. hare a good precden in, accidents It does not ease the pain any, though, to remember that others had suttfred. Ilow ever, this is a mere nothing. It does not hrt so much now Was it because he was, clinging to the slender support: so sympatheticallg offered. him ?. They ieached the house, and' Mrs Percy's skill was put'to the test It feels so nicely, 'hank you a thousand times, he said, after she had bathed and bandaged it,' and he was extended upon the sofa in the parlor in an easy position No; I shall not hail any wagon, returned Mrs Percy, in answer to something he had said. You are a little feverish now, and it would increase very much if you endured the jar of riding nina or ten miles, Let your mind and body both rest, but do not be afraid that you. are troubling us. We are glad to have you. back, though. w.e are sorry for your misfortune Dao.not call it a misfortune, then, said Pennon, quite gayly, I ought to be conteril if you' are. It is not every braised or wounded inortal that can be nuirsed in a plaqe like this Clematiabr.olight him.his dinner: with.hes own hands. After that she read to,him an hour ia' Tennyson's Princess, and.then left him, to slumber for a while. She felt very sorry for.the.pin. he endured, but she. was happ.y to serve, him, andlight heirted in, the thought that she could confer, pleasure There was.company to tea, Some relatives Lof Mr Percy had comne; to sp.nd. a fortnight with them. There waa,an sint, a 'rather. a Qoarse looking woman, tall as a.grenadier, whowore darkl green luitestring dress, a blpck silk apron, and three little twists of. eurle down ei~hir ofher hollor cheeks. iP~nnon al:most shuddered, at her voice, for he was 'fastidipus about a low, sw.eet voiqe in.wonpn, and, her. was low and. creaking. He surmised that bshe Iad some kindness,:if she could only have bher owh ajabouit shbwing it, ii, a self I :willed heart, She was accompanied, by her .son, a young gentleman of about twenty two,i :who' was away during ivacation "froml :his college, and had, come to!see if his co usia' Olematia, had grown as pretty asf she pro miesd. He had attempted to kiss when she met; hin; in the hall'(Pennon heard it all), declaring that it was only a ceusinly right,: but i she had rejected the salute upon the plea' that he wag at heat not more that a' second cousin A At whiuch I hope to have cause for neo?i? ing,k was the rejoinder Pennon took 'a dislike.to him before he, saw; him, which was increased.. afterwards. Julien Percy was as small as his mother was large a dapper, dandyish fellow, `elegant with the airs of a collegiate youth. Foppish, ness can be forgiven his age, howeveri aldt it was not that which caused. the dislike of Pennon. Something, cold and selfish in his eye and cautious in his manner was rep.il' sire to a person devoid of such things (~o e ?eotiued in: Oqur eat.) 