A CRO\V-BOV.S KINO. ' It »i Ttf'l «itt in iL7 cocairr, snd especially It E&gfarid;, where e&v;'.e, though theoretically uoa- exiiling, U 1 practical fact, for the different cl&Mei; of f-vctetr to caderstvod e-:h other ictimitelr.. And-xist-only clt?j bet sex see age form i furrier that it is difficult to crerpajs. Worsen ecr.tica.rily complain that men do cot vuderiticd them, and men bricg the same acec- satica azi'zsi trorr.en. The rich, although tbey ir.aj sympathise with, acd be kind and cbiriuble to thepoort do not kcow the right method of getting into their confidence, snd very seldom uke j/"/fces--ion of their sympathies; and the pc«r('io like roaster, bsTe idiosyncrasies which pre rent them fr.ca thinking with the thocghu of the rich, or as thoroughly confiding in them as they would in people is their own rank of life. The workman waits in a different mental atmos phere from that which snrronnds his employer; and the employer, however willing to cultivate 'friendly feelings, U seldom able to establish inti mate relations hetweeo himself and the peaplr; to whoa be pays wages. What does my lord | know of bis gamekeeper, or the gamekeeper of j "my lord 1 What d;«e Kr« know abemi Laziros, or Ltzarni aboat Dives? Whst d«>estbe wise man knew of the fool, and rice versa f Or the honest man— c&scerocs; in fine linen and broad . cloth — of th; shabby thief »bo steals his pocket- handkerchief, or cf the more dashing rascal, wbo breaks into booses— or forges notes? Nothing. There is a shadowy, itspifpable, invisible, bat real and cspfitakable, veil between them, which, though Tt does cot bide each from the other, distorts the vision like a false median. We neither see ourselves as others see as, ncrdo-we see cthen as they realty exist. irwasonoemy fanc7 to try and get into the rnhtd and tooagh. of a crow-boy, aged about fifteen, and a very difficult mi f found It. I am not sore that i-socc«-W,-and that my labour was not thrown a»ty. The difficulties that beset the attempt were the disparity of age and of social eocdittoo. I endeavored to take on the armour of ca»te, and approach him as fellow creature to fellow-creature ; but, tbouxh I care- folly, as I though i, divested myself of my coat of mail, he was loog before he took off his, possibly because be did cot know that he wore any. I first established a talkies acquaintance with him, in. my daily trelfcs across the fields where kt was stationed, to a favorite piece of woodland scenery, hich I haunted for itsbe&nty.; Our disc.ar-e was of the weather and of the crow?, acd -Auz of his appetite and his dinner, if I came across hi in at noon, when h was his eastern to sit op.n a style if the weather were cloudy, and under a tree if it were warm and sueny cntticg his huceh of bread and bseco with a single b laded pocket-knife. Sotnelimes ' I eodearorei to draw him into conversation aboot a little boat, which when not engaged with more im portant business or bis dinner, or in throwiog atones and shouting at the crows, be amused him- self by scooping out of a clamp of wood. For a long time, however, my access was but indif ferent. He was by so means stupid, uor unusually shy, bad a frank, open face, and inch a development of brain, as, with proper education, xnjght hare fitted him for playing any part in the world, with folly the average credit, if not with more. Rot (be armour of eaete was upon him, as be seemed to have more confidence in me than the crows had in him; and though he answere I my questions iu the friendliest spirit, there w. something in his manner tvbtca im- pHed that there would be little cj« is my talking j . to him or bis talking to me.'that in short there i could be no companionship of thought between ' two persons so differently placed, Bui I was not discounted hy a reticence, which was iutiactive rather than wilful, and i endeavored as well as I could to warm him into cocfidecce. If be-had been only seven or eight years old, I should hare tried the effect of a fairly tale, which I Irare always fyand to be an infallible recipe for opes- .117. Hide people .of both, sexes,, but he was in the third year of his teens, and worse than- all, bad indolged io the masculine rice of smoking, and was comeqnently too much of a. lit tie roan in bis own estimation" to believe in dregois, ogres, and fairies, though possibly he . believed in ghosts and witches. I ascertained that he could not resd Withont great difficulty. Consequently It was of conse to bribe bim with 44 Robinson Crusoe or a history of adventure with lions, tigers, pirates or rohbsrs; ur_taleaj)fJr.sjrel_»hd_ahipwreck,-whicb.tolerably- edncated boys are so fond of reading. How was I to show him that I wSs his friend? A gift of money might help ; hut It iuvolred the dinger of demoralisation, which 1 was aoxious not to incor. At last as idea strcck me. Coming upon bim one sunny forenoon, as he sit on a bank bnaily scoop? log awav at bis. little boat with bis unusually blunt knife, I told him that I had something for bim in my pocket. " Sixpence ?" inquired he. No— soinfethir.p betur.- " A shilling 'f " No, not rar'ney — something better still. Thus speakiog, i drew from my pccleet a knife with two big blades r.f different sizes, two small blades, a corkscrew, a gimlet, and a saw. The sight of this 'sevenfold treasure drew from him-the sharp 'and joyos exclamation, "Oh my 1" while his eyes sparkled to twice their usual brightness and bigness. " Oh, my I and is It for me ?" — - ' Yes, for you? Lbought-it in Lcndoo on pur pose to give it you; but they say it's unlucky to make presents of knives or scissors because they cot friendship. Will you buy it forji peony?" "I ain't got a penny," said be; "but I shall have one on Saturday," " Well, I shall trust you til! then. Meanwhile you car. have the knife," — Ho took it from my band, opcoed each blade successively, -aod- looked for a few-minutes with a <tisfscttoo tint was really unspeakable at every little Apparatus; then shut them one after the otner; then opened them again; then abut tbem up , and finally, catching sight of a flock of crows, broke into a shout less Intended for scoring away the birds than'as an expression of glee at bis new acquisition. Wordsworth says of the sonnet "that with that key Shakapeare unlocked his heart." 1 thought to myself that with that rooobladed knife 1 bad fairly opened my way into that crow.boy's confi. deuce. And so it turned out. Little more passed between us that day, and I left him alone with bis treasure. From that time' forth be seemed to have no secrets from me, and talked unreservedly, as to a persoo of his own age, unless when I prompted bim with questions, and led him on to topics which would libl" naturally hare presented themselves to his mind, and which, when pre- aenlcd, only seemed of importance to bim because 1 deemed tbem so. He did not disclose himself to me all fit onco, but gradually as our mutual humour allowed. His name was Tom Beck. He was the fifth of a family of eleven— four boys 'and seven girls— of whom eight survived. Bis father was a farm labourer, oarning fourteen shillings a week. Ilis mother had been a servant-of-all-work in a small family, nod added something, though not 'muebpto- tho family income by taking in washing. They bad a little gardeirand a pig ; got presents of tea and flannel occasionally from a charitable society; had the privilege of getting sticks for. fuel in the neighbouring- woods. and plantations 1 got coal at half-price from the cnal store established by the squire and the pnrifh gentry; and managed to jog along somehow. Ills cider brother was a labourer, and married, and lliu'yoiinger children all began to earn ti liitle as soon as they were t»?n years old, by weeding in the season, if it were only sixpence or a shilling a week. Torn himself earned four shillings a week hg u cruw-boy, but bad to be at bis post 4 seven doya in .the week in tbo spring season, as 4 tho crows "din't take no account of Sundays," ! AU the fim'v »tef i if. ."m room. He bsd iiever ' to ar-v tci. oi but i Sr.nday school ; could read ! i little, bet cocid oot write or read writing. Had f never bear! c: the mnittplicarioa table, but knew : that twice fe fnr, and twice ten twenty.' ; Did not ktv bow mao y eight timtt eight 1 xert, be: coco? up be thought, on his j-fne'en, or w:?r f/Cf or bits of stick. FT ad heard toe' Bible revi. and o>uM repeat the Creed and ' tv« Xjord'i ?rrer. Hid heard of the Hoout of ; Olives, be: did sot know where it was. He bid ' never heard of the Alpf, tbe Pyrenees, or the i Andes. Hid heird of the river Jordan- Had ! Lever heard of the Theses, the Rhine, or the ; Miii'isipi- Hd bard of the Dead Sea. Did : n;: kcow whether it was in E&gUcd; or not. Hti cere? Leird. uf tbe Atlantic Ocean. Had r heeriof Jeis< Cnrist— eveiyjdy bad. He was of Abraham and the Virgin Mary. He (Tom Beck) wi. a Cbriiuia. All of tu were Chriitu&i;, «x:ept tbe dogs and horses, and birds a 'A ani— S-jae do»s were as good, as . Cliriitiani— ' thy knowed such a deal"— and he s:-ettmei tboszbt as bow tbe old crows were Christians ; they were so uocomraon sharp. Had ofta seen an old crow ftn itself np>o a sbeep'« bv:k, and pull tbe woo! oot of its back to help bo:. J its nest with. Thought that was more like a Christian than a crow— it was so j'Aly knowing. Ore wi were cot frightened by. scarecrows, a be bad often seen tbem sit on the old bats atop of , tbeo, and caw, caw, as mocb as to say, . We doo't care, we don't, for such stupid old rubbish si this V He tbouebt all binls were tc-o eocoing 'to be afraid after the 6rt " go." Jus? at first j i they might be scared, bat after a day or so they , jgot'esed-to scarecrows, and be bad known star- j | lings' cnild their n«ti in tbem. He ones took | 1 three starlings oot cf a cestjjn tke stcptdee old | eny"cf a" scarecrow be bI ever Veo. If scare- : crows "rre «f any good, there would be no need ! cf crc-v-boys. Jlis tr.a>ter wonld not let bim t have a gu o to sboot at tbe birds.' He wished he j would. " Said he was cot old enough ; but he ! knowed better, and wcold like nothing so mccb !_al_iO blaze away at tbem. Crows were afraid of I ttoues and goes, but as for dodtnen (scarecrows), i \he crows precious soon fonni oat v they could do 'em no barm. Had beard of Heaven— a pi ice j where ill tbe people as were poor in this world ! were to be rich, and wear golden crowns, and | where the squires and such like were to-be poor, ; and cot able to get so much as a drop of water ' > when they were tbinty, let alone beer. He did j not., thick this arrangement was unfair. He j would like, however, to be rich in this world nd j . run the chacce of the next. Had heard of tbe ; devit Did not understand much about bim. j Thought he bad great eyes like tbe red liabts of a | steam euziue, horn ou bis bead, and a lone tail ! I with which be could lasb down a whole plac:i- i lion of trees if be liked. Could not say as be was j much afeard of kim. His father wim't. He believed people would be punished if tfceydid . wron;, especially if they w«s foond oot. Hadn't tbcught mccb about ft. Where was the use? I Parsons- understood it; be didn't, and wasn't ! a gobs to try tili he was older, and tben be sop- pored he ssoold know as mocb about it as other \ folks. Had never thought much of what he would j like to be wbeo a nan. Supposed be should be a ' farn-Iib/crtr, Ike bis father and bis brother. 1 Wouldn't mind if he were a soldier. Should > rubber like itr but was not sore. All tbe cbaps as he beard on, vrho went for soldiers, went because ' th-y had got into scrapes with the " gals." His ; br-tber always talked of going for a soldier wben ! be was oat of luck afore be got married. If he, j Tom, ccnld be what be liked, he thonght he : should be a'game-keeper, or a poacher. Them was. : the cbaps that livtda jolly life, "especially the ! gamekeepers Didn't see any harm in poaching. As why? The $qnire didn't feed the ptrtridges, j tbe pheasants, and tbe bares, as be did bis horses ' and dog?. Besides, why should tbe squires have I all tbe feu? He didn't sec why a poor boy ! mightn't have a shot, if he liked. It was better j to be a gamekeeper tban a poacher, becanse the Lgamokeeper.-wa«- -never—seat -to-qaod as--the ' poscherswas. Potchers wasn't 'always caught, ; however; 'ccs many gamekeepsrs was poachers ; themselves once, and didn't like to be tco hard ! npoa their ckomjt. Did he know any poachers? j Yes, a geed many, but be wasn't going. to. tell » on 'em. — j He often In tbe long winter nights, went to the I Pox and Goose, the beersbop in the village, where i thv o<fd to meet, and hare a smoke and a pint o beer, and ring songs. They saog such songs as ATiTv.uud my Hat, Down in Cupid's Garden,' Success to the Barley Mow, Betsy Baker, and Oase Rode Bore. Had beard 'em sing, 'Tis My Delight on a Shiny NigbL It was a poaching suz. but tbey didu't often sing about poaching. They liked to sing about the gals, and going a- courting. A favourite song was the Honest Plouxbman. Almost everybody as be knowed on I conlil sing it; he could Mag some on It'himsolf, ! cot all. Ha bad it by heart, and could say some : ' of it off, but didn't like to sing just tben, with only one man lUteoins to biro, and no baccy and beer about. He liked to hear a good song, and so did father. Father could sing prime, thougb-be often slid as tbe hard times had took all the sing ing out of him. He supposed he should have (o labour on the farm when be growed up. Would rather do that than be groom, or a coachman, or a gentleman's servant. He'd like to be a gamekeeper better than anything else, because gamekeepers bad to do with birds aod animals, and be was fond on 'em. He was uncommon fond o' dogs, but not of horses. Had a terrier-bitcb of his own, which was a famous ooo for rats. Was offered five shillings fur her, but he wuuldn't sell her, no, not for five pounds. Had nerer seen fire pounds all at once, but knew it was a l»t of tin, and should like to have it ; but he wouldo't part with Trip for five pounds, nor for six neither. She had four pup -iaft weekend he wouldo't mind selling the pups for a shilling apiece. He had a' weasel once as he had tamed, ;»nd it used to sleep in his lop and crawl up his arm to sit upon bis shoulder; but it fell in one day with a wild weasel, and ran away with it, aod he ntv«r siw it ngaio, He. was very fond of bird's-nesting, and knew tbe eggs of ail the birds, and tbe most likely places to find 'em in. Of all the birds in tbe air, the h&wk; was tbe bravest and the proltiest, though the gamekeepers were main -savage against them for killing tbe partridges and pheasants, Ho thought as how hawks hada much right to live as partridges, and as how tho shooting of too many hawks was bad, unless people would shoot off the sparrers and the finches. The finches did more harm than hawks did; hawks didn't do.no harm to farmers tban he knowed on; but tbem finches and sparrers did gobble up such lots of grain and buds as no one knowed but them na watched 'cm. Howls, too, was nobby bir'a, and oughtn't to bo shot. He liked to hear 'cm in the night, enjoyin of 'emsMve.8. A howl wasaB jolly a bird as evr was. Yes, if he was a gamekeeper, he knowed he'd have to sboot tho howls, all on 'em did ; along of the game ; but as most likely he never should have tbo luck to be a gAmekcepcr, he wouldu't shoot a bowl, even if he hid a gun. He'd muchi rather shoot the crows, and the sparrers, and them finches as picked out all tho buds off tho opple and pear- trees, aud tbo gooseberry and currant bushes. Eat grubs? No, they didu't. Ho knowed they didn't, not one on 'em. Yes, he thought ho should liko to have larnin1, if he could -get It. But there waro't a school nearer than five miles from his father's cottage ; and ten miles walking every day, specially in the ralo, wurri't no tront, Tho readin' and epvllin' at tho SunrUy school didn't do much good. Ho forgot in tho week. most o', what he'd lumed on tbo Sunday. Would like to ha able to write, at least he thought so, hut he warn't quite Bure. Father and mother couldn't writo. FAthercouldn't read. What would his father do when bo was too old to work ? Why, go to the ouse, to be suro— the ar. ion. ' His 'gnedf ather was' in 'tbe oc:'"- r. jw, %rA hti gracdfither'i fitherbad beco in \U i&d; died io it. He supposed that be sbou-d hare to ;o there, if be growed to be an old m » ar.d cr.u'd r/t wcrk. Why not ? It was bis rich:. Then as pild toe p>or.rvt« bad a right to lire. They ware: dogs or docker#, lo bo left to die i - i ditch. No, he h»d never been in Loudon. Htssi?r<: bad. She fired there; was a cook to a gentler, i as kept a shop in WhitecbapeL -Ob-my, did:': she drei#, tea was all : Come down to see old folks once or twice & year, and sncb a daslf.! Such a thingumbob, a chignon some call jr. big at a drumbead cabbage, stock atop of her p- ' : md a M!k dress' too, and a parasoL It tr, mother fur, it did, to fee how she was rigged c:t- >o; never gave any of her money to moth4-, bat bought father a little baccy for a Christmas- box. Sh:o!d like to goto Loodoa to live, tr> hain't r? chance. He couldn't do anything Locdcs fvlks wanted, except run errand#, perbar-i : but like- crow-minding far better nor that. V.'u laraiog to do all kinds of farm work wbeo be Hi schicof. Could do a little bedgin' aod ditch :i". tad btd once trie-1 to plousb, but warn't str"? enough; He thought wben be was about eighth- or niceteeu be should be able to earo good i much as twelve or fourteen shillicge a we-?- He sboold be .a mm tbeo, and could do as hi ;ked— smoke, drink, and get married. Too jot:: c to get married at nineteen ? No ; tbe ehapshe:- aboutii didn't think so, dot tbe gals neither. Such was ay crcw-boy's mind as exhibited -y himself in manly com mcnicaiu-ns. . Soch wis Tom Beck, such were his wishes and hopes, j such bis views of the world aod things to geeerai. : It will be feea that he was do: vicious, nor stcpid, but only inert and iH-devek<p«df aod that the i seeds of good were abundantly latent in him, u there jiad beeoy-«pricgttmeAKl«C5Bhice"?o draw them forth. Will the new Education Act reacirhim and such as he, and inspire the cgri- cuhufil iab.'Oring class with the self-rehmce that springs from true knowledge, however rsited it may be? It iy to be hoped sc. A Uboirer who lab-r-uri until bis back is bowed with age and sorrow, with no resocres after that time bet pobiic charity, may be a Tery good man in bis bumble and watched way, but he is nut a gond citizen of a free and progressive State, or an orrament to our civilization. ' The raw material of tin English peasant class is a# good as that of any peasantry I in the world— perhaps better tban moit — but it i h&s; cot hitherto been manufactured into a parti cularly excellent article, except, now anl then, the article "soldier," when the raw maurial hap pened to be drunk or desperate, or in tbe muzzy state toat lies between the two. The Scottish peaaantry, who are well educated, and have been for the last two centuries aod mora, are not con tented to remain peasants. Why should there be a difference, between them and their English fellow-labourers ? And if there be a difference between the two. rsar not education remove it?— Mi (he Tear £ound. 