MAGAZINES FOR MAY. The magazines for this month are extremely inter esting, as well on account of the sterling excellence of the articles they contain as because those articles relate more to genei al than to military literature. The readers of magazines are, for the moBt part, cultivated people, and hence must by this time be wearied even to nausea with perpetually perusing the butchers' bills of French and Ger man snedders of human blood. The thunder of battle and the slaughter of hosts are exciting topics during the time they are occurring, and for some short time after trards ; but they soon begin to wearjf the sensibilities of our nature, and by constant repetition become detestable. Assuredly there will be a period in the future history of our race when men will look back on the exploits of military chieftains and fighting men, mnch in the same sort of way that an enthusiastic Darwinist now looks back on the animal with pointed ears and canine teeth from which he supposes the men of the present day to have descended. Tinsley'e Magazine contains 'Lady Judith,' ' Musical Recollections,' of Braham, Miss Stephens, and other vocalists of the latter part of the 18th and beginning of the present century ; an article on the Gorilla, along with several lively tales and sketches; but the most absorbing and interesting part of tho number iB that which continues the story of ' JoBhua Marvel.' Mr. Fargeon j here gives ns some powerful descriptive sketches of ocean scones, and of the dangers to which mariners are exposed on the faoe of 'the great deep. The ship which figures in the story was no longer afloat, her living freight had taken to a raft, and were exhausted with perils, hunger, and fatigue. One vigilant soul mused while the rest of his unfortunate companions slumbered. Here are his reflections : — Every person on the raft was asleep with the exception ot ' the men in the watch and himself. He did not feel inclined ' to lie down again, 8. lie sat and thought ef things. In such ? a solemn scene, and at such solemn moments, the spirit of j nature works wonders .in the minds of the roughest men — ; quickens the sympathies and stirs into life thetenderest : memories. It was so with Roueh-and-Beady at the present time. Trivial incidents that bore significance when they occurred, and which had been so long unremembered that he wondered how he thought of them now, came vividly before him. His home— his mother— small domestic joys and griefs — a brother who died when they were both children, with whom he used to play and pelt with daisies ? Good God 1 what kind of a bridge was that in his life that spanned that time and this ? By what strange steps had hs walked from then to now t The stars grew less bright and paled out ol the skies ; the water grew greyer in the brief space before the morning's dawn. Soon in the east a thin line ef water at the edge of the horizon quickened into life, and Nature's grandest wonder began to work in the dawning of a new day. The water-line, a mere thread at first, but broadening with every second that marked the flight oi gray shadows, waa rosy with blushmc licht. Purple clouds, fringed with wondrnns colours, surrounded the clesr space, In which presently the glorious sun rose grandy from the golden bed of waters ; and as it rose, sky and sun rejoiced. At one time, for a few moments, the sea waa like a field of golden corn waving in the sun's eye ; but soon it deepened, till it and the heavens that looked down into its mighty depths were filled with flaming restless light, which in their turn gave way to softer shadows. Many a sunrise had Bough-and-£cady seen, but never one that he bad watched so steadily as this ; but it seemed as though his thoughts were in harmony with it 'A' e fear Mr. Fargeon is not quite orthodox in his views of death and the after life, and we think that he forms but a very low estimate of the worth of those who preach about them. Bere is a description of one of them, the like of whom, we would Jain hope, is but rarely seen, even when on a raft: — The first among the passengers to completely give way was Steven Homebush. He had observed no mannerof discrimina tion in eating his food, and had always swall.wed Ithastllv, so that it did him but little good. Contrary to what might have been expected of him as a man of pious parts, he was the most selfish of all the passengers. InBtead of praying for mercy, be rebelled in thought and speech against the misfor tune which had overtaken him. tie did not think of the others. It was his fate that wai so hard. The prayers that he had so liberally offered up for other lost men were not for bim, now that he was lost All other mon were sinners— to he had preached. There was no grace in any of them. He came to impart it to them. Let them open their rebellions hearts, and receive it, while there was yet time. To all kinds of men bad he preached this, striking at them hard, trying to frighten them with threatened penalties if they refused to believe as he believed. He came to give them grace ; did he himself require none? 'What kind of faith is that which believes all other faith wrong and sinful? What is the test of faith? Sincerity? Aye, for me ; but not for you. I am sincere ; I am bom in the grace of God. Bnt yon I Fall down and repent 1 Such had been the preaching of Steven Homebush. But now that the earth was crumbling from beneath his feet, and the new life was before him, he prayed neither for otliersnor for himself. He maintained a sullen rebellious silence, faith ful to bis nature for the first time in his life. His mood, no less than tbe scanty supply of food and his manner of eating it, drove him mad : and within a fortnight of his sojonrn on tbe raft, be was crawling and staggering about, uttering a dreadful jumble of prayers and blasphemies. His sister Rachel followed him abont as well as her strength allowed her ; but he struck at her often, and often cursed her and himself. It was terrible to see and hear. He did not suffer long. One day he ran from one part of the raft to another, raving tbat a sail was in sight. Atfirstthey thought that he might be right, but they soon discovered that he wias raving. Still he saw the ship comirg nearer and nearer. His sister was the only one who had patience to bear with him. He described the ship to her, and described tbe men and women that were on the deck ; and she shuddered as she recognised in his descriptions acquaintances and relatives, every one of whom were dead. ' Here it comes,' be said, standing up in his eagerness, 'nearer— nearer! I shall be able to jump on board pre sently.' She strove' to restrain him; bnt he broke from her wildly, and gave aleap on to the imaginary ship. He sank at once, and was seen no more. Our author makes men entertaining different views die quite in a different style. A curious conversation look place between the two friends, Harry Wall and James Hartsease. In the morning they had refuted their portion of food. 'Save it for the women, sir,' they said to tbe captain. He expostulated with them; and tried to prevail upon them to take it, but he did not succeed. 'Sir,' said James Heartsease, 'we aregoingto liedownto die. W e both cf us feel that our time has come. To rob the poor women of any more food would be simple barbarity. I should like to shake bands with you.' Captain Liddle stock bands with them, and after that they crawled to tbe women,-and shook hands with them, and kissed little Emma Pigeon, then they crawled away, and lay down side by side. ' The end has come, Jim,' said Harry. 'All right, Hal,' said James ; 'it is only a matter of a few years, perhaps not so long as that. If we had had plenty to eat, it might have come just tbe same. After all, what is time ? Draw a breath, and it is gone. It isn't so hard to give up a few years when you think of tbat. Besides ? ' Bnt here he paused. ' Besides what, Jim J' ' We are alone ; we have no women-tics— no wires, no sweethearts. If we had, I think we should both try to Uveas long as we could.' ' I think so, too. 'Tie a good job we are alene in the world.' ' Did you notice the women, Hal? I don't think they'll last long.' ' One of them won't.' said Harry. ' Mrs. Pigeon will soon go Well, you know the reas.n of that ' ' Yes ; she gives all the food to her little girl. Women are good creatures, HaL' ' Such, assho are. Jim, old tyy, a sudden weakness has come over me. Put your face doner to mine— I want to kiss you. Good old boy— good old boy 1' They did not speak for some time after that. Heartsease was the first to break silence. * ' HaL old fellow,' he said, 'we shall meet somewhere by and-by.' 'Sure to,' said Harry; ' Eomewhere — somehnw. It is awfully grand to think of— it Is good to believe. I am glad I never did any great wrong io sung me now. Jim, depend upon it, there is only one true religion ; that is, the religion of being kind and tender and nn. elfish — the religion of doing unto others as you would others should do unto you, and of living a good life. Give me the man who does that, and who believes in the goodness and greatness of God. All the rest is mummery. We have agreed upon that, haven't we, old boy?' ' Ay, times oat of mind.' 'How I tell yon what I am going to do. I don't want tc quite starve to death. . It would be too painful ; its frightful to bear even now. I don't want to commit suicide, although to throw oneself into the' water just now, would be ins certain measure justifiable. I am going to draw myself dose to the edge of the raft: then lam going to sleep. If the waves should chance to wash ma over in the night, good— let them; and then- 1 shall know something.' 'All right, Hal ; m He Tjy your aide. Good night, old fellow.' 'Good night.' When the sua rose again these two good friends had gone to their rest, to meat again somewhere — somehow. These extracts will show the sort of stuff of which ' JoBhua Marvel is made ; and will, no doubt, serve as sauce to whet the reader's appetite for more. Macmiclan's Magazine commences with ' The Panic andits Lessons,' which appears to be an article of average merit, neither very brilliant nor very commonplace, but ' just such an article ae a sensible prosiao man would write on a topic which he had thoroughly studied. . 'The Fast and Future Relation of Xfeland to Great Britain' contains some smart sketches of real or imaginary parliamentary characters. ' Souvenirs of the Campaign of the I Loire,' by Gabriel Monod, who was attached to a French ambulance during the campaign, conveys a sickening idea of military life during a time of war. The severities necessary to make men good soldiers are faithfully pourtrayed in the following passage Parts was completely Invested. Hetzbad just surrendered, and the hopes of France were centred on D'Aurelles do 1'aladine, who had recently been made commander-in-chief of tbe new army — if Indeed such a rabble could be dignified with that name. The few cavalry it possessed were badly mounted ; the guns were weak, and served by very poor horses; the troops of the line were dirty and badly disci plined, and consisted of men either too old or too young ; the few Mobiles among them were badly clothed, and armed only with wretched muade-loaders, which they did not know how to handle ; while the commissariat was beth insufficient and irregular— all of which things were little calculated to inspire confidence. And yet in a fortnight, by the exercise of a severity long unknown In the French army, D'Aurelles effected a complete transformation in this rabble, and in the end succeeded in re-establishing discipline. Officers now slept in the camn like common soldiers, and were present at daily parade and inspection. The men had a better style about them, and a more confident and soldier-like air. The regiments marched in good order, with their baggage and provisions behind them, and without that crowd of followers which had been the dis grace of our army during the whole of the campaign. It made one's heart bleed to see the hard measures by which such strict discipline had to be enforced. Nearly every morning one or two unfortunate wretches convicted of theft or insubordination were led out of the atables of the ambu lance, which acted as the guard-room, and shot. One, a quartermaster in the artillery, the father of a family, and a great favourite among his comrades, was condemned to be shot for calling his captain a 'blanc-bee' (greenhorn.) Another, a lad of eighteen, bad enlisted in a moment of enthusiasm, but had soon tried to desert, in disgust at the fatigue and hardships of camp life. A third had stolen a ehlrken » fourth a turkev. and so on— transgressions too common in an army which was almost entirely neglected by by its commissariat (department. But severe as these measures may seem, they were justified by tbe results. He forms a rather high opinion of the German soldiers, and gives us a flattered picture of tbeir morals He tells us that — The most remarkable feature of the campaign was the respect paid by the Germans to women ; and this is a national virtue, and one to which in a great measure the Germanic race owes its power. Individual outrages may have been perpetrated, but not one came under my notice in the long course of my seven months' experience, neither did I hear one testified to as a positive fact. Everywhere, on the contrary, I saw women treated with true respect in a manner that astonished the French soldiers, who on several occasions remarked to me, ' We should have behaved rather differently if we had been in their place.' As for the children, from the first day they were fast friends with the Germans. If there was nothing to eat in a house, and complaints were made a cause des enfanB, the whole family was sure to be supplied with food. The soldiers played with the children, went about with them, and got them to give them lessons in French ; and more than once the presence of children In a house was sufficient to convert the enemies into friends. They would begin to talk of their own children, showing on tbeir fingers how they had ' one, two, three,' and ' so big,' showing with their band how tall each was. Bellglous feeling and patriotism often went hand in band with this family love. On the banks of the Loire they still ought in imagination ' fur Deutschland Vertheidigung,' and almost every man bore the motto 'Mitt Gott, fur Konlg undVaterland,' in his heart as well as on hi* helmet. On the other hand there was a good deal ef superstitlen mingled with their religion. A great many of them, for instance, carried about a strange, uncouth prayer, which they believed to have fallen from heaven in the seventeenth cen tury, and which was considered a protection against both the enemies' balls and tbe bite of mad dogs. It mnst be owned that there were not a few who contrived to reconcile violence and pillage with their devotion ; but I met numbers whose piety, naive as it seemed, was nevertheless truly noble and sincere. On one occasion the Soman Catholic chaplain of the ambulance gave a consecrated medal to a wounded Gesman. When he left, tbe man said to the surgeon, 'Your chaplain if very kind, but the medal Is not of much use to me ; 1 had two already, and they did not prevent me from getting my leg broken ; bnt,' he added, holding up a New Testament I had given him the day before, ' thWhas helped me to pass some happy hours.' Macmillan's Magazine also contains a very thought ful article entitled ' Darwinism and Religion.' The writer gives a brief but lucid summaiy of Mr. Darwin's views and reasonings respecting^ the genesis of the moral sentiments and Bocial instincts, and then speaking of certain thinkers to whom such views are distasteful, he says — Thoy fear that if tbe noble gift of conscience can be traced back in all its gradations to the humbler Instincts, the human race will become the victims of a gross materialism, and tbat ail communion with God, and hope of immortality} will be blotted out of our existence. He then endeavours to show — Firstly ; That the nobility of our conscience, as a gift from God, and our power of communion with Him, are in no way impugned by this theory. Secondly : That our hope of immortality stands on precisely tbe same basis on the hypothesis of evolution, as on that of separate creation. Lastly: That Mr. Darwin, it his theory be even approxi mately true, has given a new impulse to the utilitarian philosophy, in enimctating a proposition by which, as be says, the reproach of laying the foundation of the most noble part of cur nature in tbe base principles of selfishness is removed. The article is an attempt to prove that the hypothesis of 'evolution ' is compatible with a belief in a Great First Cause or God, and consistent with the hope of immortality. His reasoning appears to be a little confused and tortuous. He sayB: — But when we speak of the laws which govern our universe we cannot regard them as separate, entitles independent of God, as watch laws are of ourselves, for then they would depend upon some first cause other than God. But, if tbe hypothesis of evolution be true, there is no necessity (logical necessity we mean) to suppose a First Cause at all, or any dependance of matter on anything other than itself. Those who construct a priori arguments for the being of la God assume tbat matter is dependent on something else; but this dependence has never been either proved or dis proved. We admit that this evolution hypothesis is barely compatible with a belief in theism, but we con tend that the influence of it tends the other way. We argue from the design apparent in nature that nature had a designer ; but the evolution hypothesis tends to show that that which we call design is merely an effect produced by unintelligent forces acting in accordance with what are called fixed laws. According to this hypothesis everything in nature was once in a state of nebulous haze, or fire-mist, and 1 from this fire mist all things have been evolved. If, therefore, evolution be true, the argu ment a posteriori for the being of a God is destroyed. We may Buppose that a God exists, that he created matter, and impressed it with laws — that is, made it so that it should act in a given way ; but such a supposition is neither suggested to us nor forced on us by the hypothesis of evolution. Besides, on this hypothesis, any tuch supposition would be wholly gratuitous, and unsupported by argument. But whether evolution be favourable or unfavourable to Theism, it is morally certain that a belief in it is incompatible with a belief in almost any form of Christianity. Indeed, we know of no distinctive form of religions belief, if we except tbe most latitudinarian form of Unitarianism, and the Hamonial Philosophy of Andrew Jackson Davis of New York, which a logical and consistent evolu tionist can believe in. Our readers will find much matter for deep reflection in the article which has called forth these remarks. Belgeavia continues ' The Lovels of Ardec,' and disports itself in a capital article on 'Pictures.' Tbe writer plunges into the middle of hiB subject by telling a quaint story respecting the Rev. Sydney Smith : — Tbat eminent Divine, upon the occasion of one of bis pro fessional migrations, assembled, in his new residence, two friends who filled high places In the artistic world, and gravely consulted them upon the capabilities of his new abode for the exposition of works of art. Flattered by bis application, these learned pundits launched out into eloquent panegyrics of his scheme, and described in glowing colours tbe possibility of Illuminating the walls of bis abode with the fictions of the pencil. They pointed out the various situations most suitable for the works of different artists, became garrulous on lights, andsbowed where, in their judgment, Stanstield's bright seas would roll most gracefully, and where Croa wick's streams should glide, and his woods flourish in eternal verdure. Their reverend disciple listened patiently to all their teachings, and professed his entire readiness to be guided by their decision, and to profit by their proffered skill in the purchase of works such as they described. The counsellors were departing, full of their mission, when their pupil called them back with the remark, that he had forgotten to mention one thing, wh'ch was, that he never gave more than 36s lor a picture. And so, as he could not purchase either ?- CreBwick or a Stansfield for that sum, their advice was useless. The authenticity of the tale is doubtful ; the humour is too threadbare for Sydney Smith. The rest of the article is pleasantly written. Mr. Whitehurst, Parisian correspondent of the London Daily Tele graph, contributes an article entitled ' The Second Siege of Paris,' which displays his prejudices and prophetic power in a very strong light, the former being deep and strong against Republicanism in any shape, the | J?tter being thoroughly wrong in every respect. The Communists have not 'won,' though tho ' rubber' they have played has certainly been i 'odd' enough. 'All Bound St. Pauls,' by Mr. Thombury ; a Ghost Btory, called ' At Orighton Abbey,' and other papers, complete the number. Goon 'Wobds contains a poem written by W. E. Gladstone Prime Minister of England, the source of inspiration being the &te; of an infant who was born and baptized, and who died on the s&ue; day. The poem adds no new laurels te the anihorof ' The Go_ds and Men of the Homeric Age.' Another lyric, also in the current number of Good Words, is ' a gem of pureBt ray serene.' It is entitled — ' A Fact.' It is simple, sensational, and beautiful. It was on an English summer day, Some six or seven years ago. That b pointsman before his cabin paced, 'With a listless step and 6low. He lit ills pipe— there was plenty of time — In his work was nothing new ; Just to watch the signals and shift the points . When the next train came in view. He leant 'gainst his cabin, and smoked away, He was used to lounge and wait ; Twelve hours at a stretch he must mind those points, And down -trains were mostly late I A ramble — a roar — ' She is coming now — ' She's truer to time to-day 1 He turns,— and not far off, 'tween the rails, Sees his youngest boy at play l Not far, but too far. The train is at hand. And the child is crawling there, And patting the ground with crows of delight — And not a moment ta spare 1 His faoe was dead-white, but his purpose firm, As straight to his post, be trod. And shifted the points, and saved the down train, And trusted his child to God. There's a rush In his ears though the train has passed ; i He gropes for he cannot see, To the place where the laughing baby crawled, Where tbe m&agltd; limbs most be. But he hears a cry that is only of fear— His joy seems too great to bear, For his duty done, God saw to bis son— The train had not touched a hair I 