THE MERCURY. I FRIDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1S71. Omi lato follow colonist tho GX-THBASUKKR of Victoria, is cither a very nish mid reckless person, or ho is one of those so wilfully blind that they will not seo. Wo have reforrod below to tlio debato in the Legislativo Assembly of Victoria which is n >t of a very odifyiug or diguilicd charactor. Seldom has thero been snell a scramble. Advocatos of protection and of froo-tradc forgetting principle, adopt tho log- rolling process, that thoy may catch a stray vote on a stray item ; whilo lion. Mumbo« interested I in this or that industry, directly or through friends or constituents, scramblo for whatever advantago thoy eau get. Moanwhilo the Min- istry disavow tho parontago of tho new tariff, asking only so much rovonue, and'loaving the Houso to mateo ducks and drakos with tho pro- posed tarilF, which is likely to emerge from Committee in all its hideousnoss of detail, the fear of a goneral election and the consequent loss of £300 a year having lod lion. Members to gulp any proposal submitted by a Government that had the power to say :-vote as we desire and retain your honorarium, or refuse and accept your conge and tho perils of another election. With such materials to act on, and taking ad- vantage of the confusion and ignorance around him, Mr. Fit.vNcis has justified his proposal to incrcaso the duty on Tasmanian jam by a statement which is so diroctly at variance with truth, that, notwithstanding the strong animosity ho displayod towards his former home in the tarill'ho in May last submitted to the Parlia- ment of Victoria, wo aro prepared to believe lie has mado tho assertion inadvertently. But whilo excusing him from the wilful fraud, we cannot acquit him from gross culpability in so framing au item of his tarif)' as to inflict a heavy blow on Tasmania, without taking the trouble to mako himself acquainted with tho truth of tho promises on which ho proceeded. Mr. BEUKY, after his frank disavowal of all merit in tho tariff, which ho said he had copied from Mr. FHAN'OIS' tariff with sufficient additions to givo tho additional required revenue, specially justified his additional increased duty on jam, by saying that if Mr. FitANcra' three halfpence was prohibitory two pence could do no harm to tho Tasmanian manufac- turer, aud might givo increased confidence in the protection afforded the Victorian manufacture, which somo lion, members imagino eau bo rolied on as a Victorian industry, without recourso to pumpkins and rotten seeds and other garbago palmod by Victorian manufacturers on the public of Victoria as Tasmanian jam. Mr. FIIANOIS, oxtrcmo protectionist as ho is, was not satisfiod with this reasoning. But passing over tho argument that might be urged against tho possibility in hot seasons, or oven on an avorago of seasons, of manufacturing jam in Vic- toria from Viotorian fruit, when evou a penny of duty was sullicioub to induce trudosmon there to vend " horrid abominations" as jam, wo at oiico join issuo witli Mr. FHANLU.S on the state- ment mado by him on Thursday evoniug as to hin porsunal objection to tho tax on jam, aud tho reason that led him to proposo the increase in May ; and if wo can show that Mr. FRANCIS labourod under an utter misapprehension as to tho fact, \ro will bo entitlod to a révisai of tho vote to which the Assombly carne, misled as they wore by Mr. FHANOIS' statomont as to tho causo that induced him to proposo tho iucroaso. On Mr. LANOTON'S moving the excision of jams from the list of articles to bo charged 2d. per lb,, Mr. FKANCIS is roportod to have remarked that " individually ho was opposed to the duty of 2d. a lb. on jam, but he should adhere to the proposition of ki» Government for the ration thot no sooner wag a duty of Id. a lb. imposed by Victoria than the Government of Tasmania allowed a drawback of l^d. alb., thus placing our producers nt a diBadvantage." We have hero a distinct admission that Mr. FRANCIS wa» actuated by his belief that on the "Victorian duty being imposed, tho Tasmanian Government al- lowed a drawback to defeat the action of the Victorian Legislature ; that this drawback was a penny halfpenny ; and Mr. FRANCIS confesses that he imposed the increased duty as an act of retaliation. Except in BO faro3 Mr. FRANCIS speaks for himself, each statement he made was inconsistent with fact. The Tasmanian draw- back was not allowed subsequent to the im- position of the Victorian duty, but at a time when jam was among Victoria's " duty free" articles; and its amount is not, and was not, three halfpence, but as nearly as may be a farthing-"two pounds eight shillings for every ton nett weight." A reference to the statutes and statistics of Tasmania should have left Mr. FRANCIS in no doubt on this subject. On 18th September, 1863, a date anterior to the Vic- torian duty of a penny a pound on jara, tho Royal assent was given to an Act of the Parliament of Tasmania, providing that "there shall be allowed upon the exportation of all articles and goods imported into the Colony, and enumerated in tho schedule, a drawback of the duty paid thereon ; and upon the exportation of jam manufactured in the Colony a drawback of two pounds eight shillings for every ton. nett weight of jam : provided that the exportor or manufacturer gives notice in writing to the Collector of his intention to pack jam for importation : provided always that proof bo made to tho satisfaction of tho Collector that tho full duties duo on importation have i..- r";,i » A Hiibseauent clause declared that tho drawback on jam should not be atioweu on quantities of less than one ton. The very wording of the clause quoted shows that the Tasmanian Legislature had not in view any action of the Victorian Parliament. The draw- back was allowed not to defeat the Victorian Government, but in carrying out the principle, generally recognised, of repaying on exportation any duty charged on importation. Sugar stands among the articles enumerated in the schedule referred to; and tho'drawback on jam, a farthing a pound, was considered about equivalent to what would have boon the drawback on sugar, 6s. a cwt., or about a halfponny per pound. Tho clause we have quoted above was trans- ferred into the Tasmanian " Customs Duties Act, 1868," with the simplo limitation of the drawback to jam "packed in jars or tins only;" a limitation that, instoad of confirming any idea of aggression on the part of Tasmania, rather indicated a desire to respect the Victorian tariff, and to prevont any question as to the bona fides of tho drawback being that usually allowed upon tho exportation of all articles and goods im- ported into tho Colony on which duty has been paid; tho duty paid on the sugars used in the manufacture of jam being fully equivalent to the drawback on jam. Mr. FRANCIS, were tho matter specially brought under his notice, must admit that he proceeded under a great misapprehension, and that in proposing an increased duty on jam he not only resonted an act not committed by Tasmania, but punished Tasmanian jam manufacturers becauso the Tasmanian Legislature adopted a courso which is everywhere observed. As a gentleman he surely will not be ashamed to acknowledge an error; and it will be but a simplo act of justice that, in acknowledging it, he do his en deavour to relieve the Tasmanian jam manufac- turer of n burden imposed in error, and to which Mr. FRANCIS has declared himself individually opposed. In such a matter, the hon. the TURA SURER of Tasmania would not, we think, travel beyond the lino of duty, or the dignity of office, by bringing under Mr. FRANCIS' notice the great mistake under which he has been labour- ing. Mr. FRANCIS convinced, and this he can- not fail to be, unless, as wo have said, he wil- fully shut his eyes to tho fact, the required redress should be easy. If that redress bo not accorded, Mr. FRANCIS will remain under the stigma of having, while professing to doal with the tariff of another Colony, thoroughly misapprehended its scope, and, having proceeded to logislate on falso premises. If his error is brought undor his notice, and ho refuses to do what in him lies to remedy the wrong of which ho has boon the moans, thon his honesty, as well as his in- telligence, will be impugned. Tit« prospect of an early adoption of a system of intercolonial free-trade appears to grow darker. We had hopes, whon the tariff of the M'Cox towi Government in Victoria wasrejoeted, that, under the leadership of Mr. DUFFY, such a fiscal system would be introduced as would facilitate arrangements for au interchange of commodities that would bo mutually advantageous, but these expectations have not been justified. Mr. DUFFY has accepted the position of head of a new Government with a distinct understanding that the country, through tho late elections, has pro- nounced in favour of a policy of protection ; and, throwing his own opinions to the winds, he consents to legislate os a protectionist. We give in another column a sufficiently full abstract of tho discussion in the Victorian Assombly in Committee on the tarin'on the night of Thursday week, when the propositions of the TREASURER came undor review in detail, not only because tho proceedings havo an interest for Tasmania in connection with some of tho items dealt with, but becaiiBO the tone of the debate is highly illustrative of tho state of feeling in Victoria out of which this new protectionist tariff has had its origin. It will bo seen from the report that Mr. DUFFY has become quite as dictatorial as Mr. HiaiNnoTiiAM was when he asserted that the Members who sat behind the Ministry of that day had ossombled, not to dobato but to vote not to discuss but to pass a tariff. Mr. DUFFY laid it down that the principio of protection having boon endorsed by the country in the olections, it was altogether too lato to permit that element to enter into tho debato on tho tarif!. Criticism of tho principle on which it liai boen constructed was thus debarrod-tho House having tacitly assented to the CHIEF SECRETARY'S definition of tho situation ; and tho Committeo appear then to have como to the determination to puss the various items of tho tarin' as quickly, and with as little discussion, as possible. In that first night of the tariff debato, as wo mentioned yostorday, a number of itoms wore passed which will seriously affect the businoss ¡ of this Colony. Theso included tho duties on a ' variety of articles produced by the farmers, such ' as bacon, hams, cheese, aud butter ; aud also I hops, malt, oatmeal, and barley ; cured fish ; fruits (dried or preserved), and jams. From tho readi- ness-wo may almost say eagerness-with which thudutiesonthese itoms woreadoptedby theConi- ' mittee, wo can entertain no hope that those still to bo proposed, aud in which wo are intorosted -such as tho imposts on timbor, flour, onions, and potatoes-will bo less acceptable to the protectionists in tho Assembly. Wo havo al- ready pointed out in soma detail how theso now or increased imposts will affect our trade, and wo need not do so again. Wo cannot, howovor, pass without comment the manner in which the item of jams was troated. It was pointed out by Mr. LANGTON that the jams consumed in Victoria wero almost wholly imported from Hobart Town, and that tho proposed duty amounted to not less than forty per cent, on the value of the article. The Ministry were I aware that the Government of this Colony had, j long ago, made propositions with the view of j favouring a »ystem of intercolonial free-trade ; i and that renewed efforts in that direction were about to be begun. The members of the Assem- bly were also aware individually, if not col- lectively and officially, that the merchants of Hobart Town, represented by the Chamber of Commerce, had been in communication with tho Chambers in Melbourne and Sydney, with a view to the adoption of a system of interchange which would encourage rather than retard the development of industries special to the Colo- nies respectively. They were also aware that the imposition of a forty per cent, duty on jams had been described hero as likely to bo destructivo to the trade altogether, and that the pro- position was looked upon as indicativo of a bad feeling which had begun to exhibit itself in Victoria against this Colony. In this state of matters it would have been bad enough if the item had been passed without special notice, as one among many included in a batch. But the vote was pressed in so marked a manner that it must be taken as indicative of a settled determination on the part of the Assembly of Victoria to pass a tariff which shall, as far as possible, protect and encourage the industries of that Colony,without the slightest regard for the injury likely to be done to the consumer there and the exporter here. The Melbourne journals tell us that when the question was put the crowd of mem- bers on the Ministerial side made a division altogether unnecessary. This, however, was not enough ; a record of the votes of mem- bers was taken, showing so largo a majority (58 to l8) for the imposition of the tax that any modification of the verdict of the House at a later stago is not to be looked for. In the division list we find not merely the members of the present Cabinet and their fol- lowers, but almost every member of the late tiovoiiiuwui, with Min ereat body of their supporters. SIB JAMBS M'CCTIXOOH, although ho pledged himsolf at Cranbourne to his con- stituency to support a revision of the tariff only in the direction of free-trade, voted with the CHIEF SECRETARY, who had accepted protection against his will but in obedience to tho voice of the country ; and who had chosen for his colleague as Treasurer a member who had long and con- sistently held protectionist ideas, who hod laboured to introduce the American system of high duties on imports of everything that the country itself could produce, and from whom no compromise was expected by the free-traders of Victoria,ho\vc ver much might have been hoped from him beyond thatColonyasafavourorof fede- ration. The proceedings of tho Assembly on Thurs- day night, in short, express the present state of feeling in the Parliament of Victoria ; and as it is entirely selfish and hostile to the other Colo- nies, wo aro reluctantly compelled to forego tho dream of intercolonial free-trado which has beon so long indulged hero. Victoria has now deliber- ately entered on a course of selfish legislation, which must more and more isolate her from her neighbours. The dose of protection which is now supposod to bo sufficiently strong, will by and by bo found to be too weak to bring about all the results that had been anticipated from ¡t ; and the cry will grow for another and another measure of protection, every one more severe than that which preceded it. Such has been the experience of the United States, the policy of which Victoria is now avow- edly and designedly imitating. This must of necossity loosen the bonds which bind the Colonies together,andpostpone indefinitely those ideas of union and co-operation in which wo have hitherto believed. New South Wales has imitated Victoria of late years in her tariff arrangements, bringing her import duties moro and moro into assimilation with those levied in Mel- bourne, and will probably continue to do so. Mr. FftANuis discarded all other than purely Victorian ideas of self-interest when he pro- pounded his lato tariff ; and he did not hesitate to treat Tasmania in a hostile manner, from reasons paltry in themselves and having their origin in a spirit of revenge. Mr. BEKRY, in adopting the abortive tariff of his predecessor, has given to it a still more solfuh character, which renders still moro unlikely of re- alisation any close relation between the Colonies on the basis of free-trado. For tho present, therefore, wo may dismiss from considera- tion the possibility of au uniform tariff for tho Colonies in the interests of free inter- course. On the othor hand, we can gain nothing by following the example of Victoria, and placing moro restrictions upon a com- merce already too limitod. Our hope can only be in action for ourselves-in opening the ports of tho island as freely as the exigencies of the Treasury will porniit. As wo have already argued, a remission of duties is not necessarily attended by a loss of revenue. Ouit readers who remember the threatening attitude tikon by the Superintendent of Police when Mr. Hamilton intimated a sories of lectures, with the accompanying announcement that, on each occasion on which his audience reached a certain number, certain money prizes would be given away to the holders of tickets having a corresponding number with that drawn from a hat, or some other mysterious appurtonanco of witchcraft, legerdemain, or other dovilry, will havo hoon surprised to loam that on each of Tuesday and Wodnesday evenings the Com- mittee of the Poultry Show did, in the Town Hall, without let, hindrance, or chullongo, the very act, the bare thought of which in Mr. Hamilton's case, led the Superintendent of Polico into an ostonttitious display of zeal. Tho motlm operand! in the Town Hull was exactly that contoinplutod by Mr. Humilton in tho Mechanics' Instituto. Thero was the same re- ceipt of a tickot on tho payment of tho ontranco foo, the same placing a correspondingly numberod ticket in a hat or box, the same " shaking of the lucky bag," the same drawing out numbers, tho samo publi- cation of thom, and the snmo handing ovor of a prize to the holder of the tickot the number of which was called out-in a word, if Mr. Humilton contemplated a lottery, the Poultry Show Committoo carried it out under tho very oyos of the polico. We do not say that tho Committee.did wrong, or should havo been interfered with. We treat with contempt tho idea that they held a lottery in its offensive or legal sense ; but wo do say the Superintendent of Polico has oxposcd his administration of the duties of his office to the chargo of gross partiality, in allowing to ho done in the Town Hall what, ho prohibited ia tho Mochamos' Instituto ; and his different treatment of Mr. Hamilton nnd the Poultry Show Committoo I ii so calculated to bring the administration of the law into contempt, that we trust the Police Com- mittee will see it their duty to afford tho public eoino explanation of a procedure1 that is at proieot unin- telligible Tho vory fact that thora wus tolerated in thoir own building, what was prohibited ia another publio room, rendors this explanation due to and by tho City Council. In so far as the polico are con- cerned, they should be supported in the proper dis- charge of their duty, but there has boon of lute too much reason to fear that one is punished for what in another is no offence ; a modo of police survoillanco which wo shall oxposo whenever it comes undor our notice. _ TiiEiiE appears to bo ulmoat a certainty that Victoria will, oro long, bo in possession of a rogulur steam mail and passenger service between Melbourne and London. Wo observo from contemporaries on the othor sido of tho Straits, that Messrs. Bright Brothors havo boen in communication with tho Government on the subject, and havo submitted proposals whioh aro to bo taken into consideration at an early date. Nor is this tho only atoam communication submitted for Victoria's approval. Mr. Henry Parkes is now in Melbourne for the pnrposo of submitting to tho Go- vernment thoro a proposition, hy whioh Molbourno will become tho terminus of Hall's line of Sydney and San Francisco stoamora. ANNUAL BALI,-Tho annual ball of tho Manchester Unity I. 0. Odd Fellows will be held in September next, by the Hobart Town and Tumanisn Star District« conjointly. LECTUHB OX GEOLOBY.-At St. Peter's Hall, .Collins-street, yesterday evening, Mr. Kaper, ex vice-president of the Catholic Literary Association, delivered an interesting lecturo on Geology, to the members of the associatioo, of whom there was a moderate attendance. Mr. Roper commenced by describing the nature of the earth's crust as composed of stratified and unstratified rocks. He thoa detailed at length how tho stratified rock» had been formed in water, some by the mechanical uction of water wearing away tho rocks and depositing the material thus washed away. Examplos of Ibis action were found in the formation of deltas at tho mouths of rivers. Other deposits were attributable to a chemical action being carried on in the water, others again, as corals and chalk.were attributable to organic action, and tho gradual deposition of secretions from animálculos. The bed of the Atlantic was u vast plain, as had been ascertained by the soundings taken boforo laying down the Atlantic cable, from the coast of Kerry to Newfoundland. The plain gradu- ally descended till reaching a depth of 15,000 feet below tho level of tho sea, it then extended at this level for about 1,000 miles, afterwards at a distance of 300 to 400 miles from tho coast of Newfound- land gradually ascended. Ajross this vast plain it was ascertained that deposits of a substance which when dried resembled chalk were being made, and on a minute inspoction the material was found to he the product of minute animálculo}. Ia this way Dr. Malloy believed the chalk beds extending from Dover to the Crimea had been formed. The coal formation was also described, and the lecturer con- cluded an interesting address by informing his auditory that his next lecturo would treat of fossils, and on some future occasion he would discuss tho relation existing between geology and revelation. On the motion of the secretary a voto of thanks by acclamation was accorded to Mr. Roper, and briefly acknowledged. The lecture was preceded and fol- lowed by vocal and instrumental music given by members of the association. THE HUSSEY MINSTIIELS.-There was again a very largo attondnnco at tho Odd Fellows' Hall last night. Tho minslrels ropeatod the programme which they performed on tho previous night, and with tho greatest success. The moro thoy are seen, in fact, tho better thoy aro appreciated. This ovoning thero will bo again an ontiro chango in tho bill. Mrs. Hussey ap- pears, in " Happy Granny Snow ; " and Mr. Hussey sings a now and original version of " Lovo among tho Rosos." " The Ghost in the Pawnshop" is a most amusing affair, arid will occasion very hearty laughter if it goes as well as it usually does. It will bo ob- served that on Saturday uftornoon, at half-past two o'clock, the company will give an entertainment to which young people under twelve will bo admitted at half-prico to all parts of tho hall DIUSUTIC READINGS-A ver\ pleasant e\emng's entertainment was afforded at the Mechanics' Insti- tute last evening to the numerous audience which assembled The programme consisted entirely of readings, but tho caro which had been taken in the selection of suitable pieces, and the satisfactory manner in which tho readers acquitted themselves, rendered the amusements very successful. The first part of the programme was composed of selections from various humorous writers, and the entertain- ment concluded with "Taming the Tiger." Messrs. Albert and Alexander Reid, and Mr. E. B. Boothman, were the readers. THE VICTOHIAS TAIUH -Our Melbourne corres- pondent tclogiaphed to us last night that it was oxpected tho debato on tho tariff in Committee would bo finished before tho ad|ournmont of tho House for the night This would appear to indicate that the tariff was meeting with hltlo opposition THE fscAii ACT-A mooting of flockownors was hold ut Macquarie Plains jostorday (J?hnrsdii\\) for i tho purposo of considering tho ponai olausus of tho I Scab Act, which come into opération next month So vol al influon'iul gentlemen wero present, ownors of 100,000 sheep, and on comparing opinions it was found that thoy till considered that a modi- fication of tho penalties was necessary. A letter to tho Inspector, embodying the views of tho meeting, was drafted, bringing under his notice tho suggestions of thosa present, Similar meetings, wo learn, aro about to lie hold in other districts. TASMANIAN FRENCH RELIEF FUND.-A first instal- ment of £7ó was transmitted lo France hy yesterday's mail hy tho Most Reverend Bishop Murphy for tho relief of tho sufferers in tho lato war. Collections aro still being made throughout the colony for tho samo charitable object, and subscription papors aro placed at the banks and several other houses in Hobart Town. It is expected a still larger sum will bo collected ore tho departure of the next muil, and transmitted hy it. THE HOUNDS.-The Coul River beagles moot this morning on the old hunting ground just boyond Clnrenco Plains. Tho merry litilo pack arrived at Mr. Rumney's last evening, and will bo fresh for their work when unkennelled for tho chase. Several kangaroo have been seen lately in tho covert whero so many finds wero made a year or two ago, and as the ground has not been hunted since the Garrison Harriers wero brokon up, n good hour or two's sport may bo anticipated. Even if the day should prove a blank, tho rido through Clnrenco Plains und around tho picturesque shores of Ralph's Bay and Pipeclay Lagoon, is worth travolling ten times tho distance to enjoy, and as the weather promises to bo so delight- fully fino wo expect to soo tho farry steamer well filled with hunters and horses when she leaves the wharf at nine o'clock. ' THE WEATHER.-Yesterday tho weather was again beautiful in town, but wo learn that tho cold in tho up-country districts during tho lust fow days has been severo. Abovo Bothwell snow lay on tho ground to the depth of about five inches on Tuesday, and the Mils about Oatlunds wera covered with snow on Monday. The frosts have boen sovore. It is stated that so much snow has not been seon for yoars in the forest. It only lay for a fow hours, however, and its molting caused a slight riso in the river. FATAL ACCIDENT.-A fino youngwoman, sovonteon years of ago, numod Emily Garnor, has been killed accidentally at Emu Bay. Silo was driving a loaded dray drawn by bullocks, and sat on tho polo whon crossing a muddy part of tho road. Tho bullocks running down a hill, sho boeamo frlghtoned, lind jumped off, the wheel passing ovor her loins. Sho died a week afterwards. An inquest was hold, und a verdict of accidental doath was returned. THE Bitio OCEAN BUIDH.-Our Molbourno corros pondent informed us on Monday that tho schooner Uelon had arrived in Belfast with tho crew of a wrockod vessel, named tho Ocean Brido. Wo have since learned from the South Australian journals that tho Ocean Bride was a brig hailing from South Australia. She was bound from Molbourno to Adolnido in ballast, or with a small cargo only, and had boen out forty days or moro whon she appears to have foundered, horero«" boing rescued by tho Helen. MAYOR'S COURT.-One party was fined at the Mayor's Court yesterday 5s. and costs for suffering a chimney to take fire. A cowkeeper, for allowing 5 cows to graze in Brisbane-street, was ordered to pay 2s. 6d. for each animal and costs, and a third un- fortunate, who pleaded guilty to a like information, was fined £1, and costs, with a month's imprison- ment in default of distress, for allowing one cow to graze in Brook-street. OI'ENINO SERVICES AT THE NEW CIII'RCH.-To-day tho now Church for the Wosloyans, in Davoy-streot, built from designs of Wilson and Crouch, Molbourne, is to ha dod ¡cated by opening services, morning; and ovening. In tho morning at 11 tho llov. W. A. Quick, President of Horton College, will officiate, und in the ovening at 7.15 tho Rev. T. F. Bird, of Now Norfolk. A collection is to bo mudo at tho close of each service in aid of tho trust funds of the Church. FOOTIIALL.-A match will bo played on tho Now Town ground between tho Break O'Duy and Now Town Clubs on Saturday uftornoon-Kick off at 3 o'clock sharp, lireak O' flay sido : E. II. Butler, II. V. Bayly, L. Castray, E Dinhum, E. Freeman, W. Dinlnim, F. Hall, II. Dinhnm, J. MncFarlano, J. Murphy, C. J. Maxwell, P. Turnor, E. Pitfield, D. Stewart, J. Tarleton, E. Wilson. ¿Vii» Town sido : H. E. Best, E. W. Nnirno, M. Covordulo, G. Chap mun, P. Coverdale, Howard Wright, J. Covordalo, T. Evans, H. Radcliff, G. Penny, Harold Wright, C. Penny, F. Norman, E. Huches, W. Perry, C. Lovott. Tho Break O'Doy will moot at Wuloh's corner at hnlf-past 2. A scratch match will bo played this afternoon in Stowell paddock. RICHMOND PI.OUOUI.NO MATCH.-A public mooting will bo bold at the Bridga Inn, Riohmond, on Tues- day, loth inst., to mako arrangements for tho Rich- mond Ploughing Match for 1871. INSUFFICIENTLY STAMPED.-Lottors posted yester- day insufficiently stamped :-Miss Mooro, Gronadn, West Indies ; Cuptain Lucas, Melbourne ; Mr. John Grooms, 42, Latrobo-stroot, West Molbourno ; Mr, Chas. Colman, Aduluidoj Prof. Irving, University, Molbourno ; Mrs. S. Hill, Loa, Kout, England ; Mr, Hubert Arnold, ¿idelaido. Nowspapor:-Mr. E. Mur- rell, St. Cathorino, Ontario, N. America. A CAIX.-Wo observe from tho Ballant Courier (Victoria) that tho Rov. A. W. Grant, of Tasmania, has accepted a call from Dawson-stroot Baptist Con- gregation thoro. The rov. gontlomun is oxpectod by his new chnrgo early in September. HANDS VV ron BLACKOUAUIIISM.-"Now, gentle- men," said a poripatotic lecturer to a somewhat noisy orowd who gnthored to one of his seances in an eastern villugo, " how would you lilto a good blackguard story P All in favor willraiso tho right hand." Nino-tenths of the doxtor-paws prosont wont up, and lhere was a suddon hush of all noisy demonstra- tions. Tho lecturer went on with his original subject for a few minutes, when somo incautious individual hroko out with, " Say, whoro's that story f " Bloss you, " was tho reply, " I did not intend to toll any such story. I only wantod to know how many blackguards aro present. " You might havo beard a pia drop during tho lcoturo after that. MAUAVILLA COCOA,-No breakfast table is com- plete without this delicious bovorago.-The Cloie say», " Various importers and manufacturers have attempted to attain a reputation for their prepared Cocoas, but wo doubt whothor any thorough success hud been nohiovod until Messrs. Taylor Brothors discovered tho extraordinary qualities of ' Maravilla' Cocoa. Adapting thoir porf'oct system of prepara- tion to thin finest of all speoies of the Thoobroma, thoy have producod an articlo which supersedes every other Cocoa in the markot. Entiro solubility, a dolicate aroma, and a raro concentration of the purest eluments of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa abovo all othora. For homeoopaths and invalids we oould not rocommond a more agrooablo or valu- able beverage." Sold in paokets only, by all Grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor Brothers' Original Homoeopathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate, Steam Mills-Briok Lane, London. Export Chicory Blüh), Druge», Belgium, 2720 