A NEW COCK-LANE GHOST. (PBOIt THE SEW YOBS TIMES.) . There have recently been doings in Wayne County, Ohio, as marvellous as any that ever frightened Cotton Mather, or mystified Dr. Johnson. In the ^ little city of Wooster there lives a quiet and respect able family, named Hoffman, which for nearly two years has been haunted and tor tured by malignant spirits. The persistent demons cannot be entreated or exorcised away; and their proceedings bear a like close resemblance to those of divers familiar imps conjared up by modem spiritualists, and to those of the famous Cock-lane ghost of a century ago. The mysterious pranks t3nLt. sjSict the -Hoffman ismily were begun in June, 1869, while the femily lived in MiUersbnrg, Holmes Connty, Ohio. At that date, by way of keynote or prologue to the weird ^ratnii. to come, Mr» Hoffman one ; day lost two dollars from his purse. He did .not at first attribnte this to any Satanic . or supernatural agency, although be felt subsequently called on to do so. Prudently resolving to hide his money more carefully in future, lie went Ms way. But put his loose cash where he would, the conning depredators spied it out and re lieved him of it The poor man soon found that it was impossible to keep, any funds about him at all : and this was only the beginning of his woes. Articles of food and of dress began to disappear in the same unaccountable way. Crockery fell from the shelves without the aid of human hands, and was smashed to pieces. Stones, eggs, and other small objects were tossed wildly about the house; and now and then the unseen tricksters got up a shower of gravel and sand, which would be play fully thrown into the faces of the inmates. The family were at first very naturally sur prised and annoyed ; afterwards they (got alarmed, aod having unsuccessfully tried every means that occurred to them, they resolved to quit their home. Mr. Hoffman took another house for bis wife and three children — the latter being aged twenty, seventeen, and fifteen respectively— in the town of Wooster, at some distance from their former abode; while, 'with the dis cretion that appears to characterise him, he took up bis own temporary quarters at a mill where he was employed. The family now hoped to remain unmolested; but they soon found to their chagrin how trivial were tile impediments of space or locality to their malefic attendants. The prudent Hoffman, indeed, escaped further attentions; but his spouse was leas fortu nate. The lady aud her offspring being domiciled at the house of one Snooks in West Liberty-street, Wooster, now became the victims of an extraordinary series of persecutions. The clothes of the mother and eldest daughter were first abstracted and then returned in fragment*, having been cut and slashed to pieces. Sometimes the garments would be staffed in outof the-way places. One day, for example, most of the linen of the family was discovered carefully packed in the mouth of the cellar drain. Another time a silk dress was discovered under a wood-pile ; and skirts were dug np that bad been deliberately buried in earth or sand. A fresh feature was now added to the entertainment, in the shape of notes that arrived, none knew from whence, although thev sometimes aoneared to be thrown from the cellar. These missives contained various threats and admonitions. One of the number advised Mrs. Hoffman, in a friendly way, that if she would come down the cellar stairs backward on her knees, at a specified day and hour, she would find a box ?ynfoiniig 2000 dollars. The worthy lady was anxious to clutch the glittering prise, but ' being afraid of bodily injury, was dissuaded by her neighbours from malting the hazardous attempt' It oc curred to her, not unreasonably, that the task might be more wisely undertaken by bet husband ; and she therefore repaired to that cautious pexson at biB nuU, and induced him to go with, her to Wooster, The spirits, however, at this juncture, promptly transmitted another note to the effect that no one could possibly get tbe money but herself ; and we are not sur prised to hear by the latest accounts that it has not yet been secured. By way of amends for this disappointment) the con { cealed powers have begun a new and lively ] round of diversions. Poundings are heard on the walls at night, atones Jrom the *iie of a pebble to that of a man's fist are pitched through the doors and ?windows, dishes tattle, and** a, general rumpus U created, at if the imps Were holding high revelry.' A bold young man, * visitor, having said sitnethiug disrespectful of the i uuseeu agencies, a red but stone was drop ped on his head ; and, on taking out bis pocket-handkerchief be found it was cut into shreds. All sorts of mystifications are practised. Mr. Hoffman, for iuskuice an swered one of the ' spirit notes,' and put his reply in the cellar ; bat just as he got upstairs into the rovMU above, 'his own note dropped on the floor by his eide — all now quite impoverished by the thefts aud other ravages of their demoniac tormentors, Mrs. Hoffmau and her daughter have no clothessavethoscworn by them daily on their backs : while the husband and father has only asingle worn out working suit left to him. Nearly all the domestic utensils, such as plates, cups and saucers, and even the table cutlery, have been either broken or carried away. Of course the obvious suggestion is that all this mischief has really been wrought by cunning mortals, and not by spirits at all, and that, as with the artful William Parsons and his family in 1761, discovery, if long averted, must be certain at last The local press declares that most careful watch has been kept, and that hundreds of men and women have visited and inspected the premises without being able to suggest any clue to the mystery. Several clergymen and physicians have in vestigated it, and a circle of professed Bpiritualists have likewise essayed to do so. As yet no light whatever lisa been thrown on the matter, and so far as the postpone ment of detection goes, this Ohio ghost must certainly be allowed to surpass in cunning bis predecessor of Cock-lane, who so marvellously perplexed the wise heads of last century. 