POOR JO. BY MARCUS CLARKE, He was the ostler at Coppinger's, and they called him Poor Jo. Nobody knew whence he came; nobody knew what misery of early history had been his. He had appeared one evening, a wan- dering swag-man, unable to speak, and so ex- plain his journey's aim or end—able only to mutter and gesticulate, making signs that he was cold and hungry, and needed fire and food. The rough crowd in Coppinger's bar looked on him kindly, having for him that sympathy which marked physical affliction commands in the rudest natures. Poor Jo needed all their sympathy: he was a dwarf, and dumb. Coppinger—bluff, blasphemous, and good- hearted soul—despatched him with many oaths to the kitchen, and when the next morning the deformed creature volun- teered in his strange sign-speech to do some work that might "pay tor his lodging," sent him to help the ostler that ministered to King Cobb's coach horses. The ostler—for lack of a better name perhaps—called him "Jo," and Coppinger, finding that the limping mute, though he could speak no word of human language, yet had a marvellous power of com- munication with horseflesh, installed him as under ostler and stablehelper with a seat at the social board and a wisp of clean straw in King Cobb's stable. "I have taken him on," said Coppinger, when the township cronies met the next night in the bar. "Who?" asked the cronies, bibulously dis- regarding grammar. " Poor Jo," said Coppinger. The sympathetic world of Bullocktown approved the epithet, and the deformed vagabond, thus baptised, was known as Poor Jo ever after. He was a quiet fellow enough. His utmost wrath never sufficed to ruffle a hair on the sleek backs of King Cobb's horses. His utmost mirth never went beyond an ape like chuckle that irradiated his pain-stricken face as a stray gleam of sunshine lights up the hideousness of the gargoyle on some old cathedral tower. It was only when "in drink" that Poor Jo became a spectacle for strangers to wonder at. Brandy maddened him, and when thus excited his misshapen soul would peep out of his sunken fiery eyes, force his grotesque legs to dance unseemly sarabands, and compel his pigeon breast to give forth monstrous and ghastly utterances, that might have been laughs were they not so much like groans of a brutish despair that had in it a strange chord of human suffering. Coppinger was angry when the poor dwarf was thus tortured for the sport of whiskey-drinkers, and once threw Frolicsome Fitz into the muck-midden for inciting the cripple to sputter forth his grotesque croonings and snatches of griersome merriment. "He won't be fit for nothin' to-morrer, yon—," was the excuse Coppinger made for his display of feeling. Indeed, on the days that followed these debauches, Poor Jo was sadly downcast. Even his beloved horses failed to cheer him, and he would sit red-eyed and woe-begone on the post-and- rail fence, like some dissipated bird of evil omen. The-only thing he seemed to love, save his horses, was Coppinger, and Coppinger was proud of this simple affection. So proud was he, that when he discovered that when- ever Miss Jane, the sister of Young Barham, ; from Seven Creeks, put her pony into the stable, the said pony was fondled and slob- bered over and caressed by Poor Jo, he felt something like a pang of jealousy. Miss Jane was a fair maiden, with pale gold hair, and lips like the two streaks of crimson in the leaf of the white poppy. Young Barham, owner of Seven Creeks Station—you could see the lights in the house windows from Coppin- ger's—had brought her from town to " keep house for him," and she was the beauty of the country side. Frolicksome Fitz, the pound- keeper, was at first inclined to toast an oppo- sition belle (Miss Kate Ryder, of Ryder's Mount), but when returning home one even- ing by the new dam he saw Miss Jane jump Black Jack over the post and wire into the home, station paddock he forswore his allegiance. "She rides like an angel," said pious Fitz, and next time he met her told her so. She stared, smiled, and cantered away. New, this young maiden, so fair, so daring, and so silent, came upon the Bullocktown folk like a new revelation. The old French- man at the Melon Patch vowed tearfully that she had talked French to him like one of his countrywomen, and the schoolmaster, Mr. Frank Smith—duly certificated under the Board of Education—reported that she played the piano divinely, singing like a seraph the while. As nobody played (except at eukei) in Bullocktown, this judgment was undisputed. Coppinger swore, slapping with emphasis his mighty thigh, that Miss Jane was a Lady, and when he said that he said everything. So whenever Miss Jane visited the township she was received with admira- tion. Coppinger took off his hat to her, Mr. Frank Smith walked to the station every Sunday afternoon to see her, and Poor Jo stood afar off, and worshipped her, happy if she bestowed a smile upon him once out of every five times that he held her tiny stirrup. This taming of Poor Jo was not unnoticed by the whiskey-drinkers, and they came in the course of a month or so to regard the cripple as part of the property of Miss Jane— as they regarded her dog, for instance. The schoolmaster, moreover, did not escape tap- room comment. He was frequently at Seven Creeks. He bought flowers from the garden there. He sent for some new clothes from Melbourne. He even borrowed Coppinger's bay mare Flirt to ride over to the Sheepwash, and Dick, the mailboy—who knew that Cop- ginger's mare was pigeon-toed—vowed that he had seen another horse's tracks beside hers in the sand of the Rose Gap Road. " You're a deep-'un, Mr. Smith," said Cop- pinger. " I found yer out sparking Miss Jane along the Mountain Track. Deny it if yer can?' But Frank Smith's pale cheek only flushed, and he turned off the question with a laugh. It was Poor Jo's eyes that snapped fire in the corner. So matters held themselves until the winter, when the unusually wet season forbade riding parties of pleasure. It rained savagely that year, as we all remember, and Bullocktown in rainy weather is not a cheerful place. Miss Jane kept at home, and Poor Jo's little eyes, wistfully turned to the station on the hill, saw never her black pony cantering round the corner of Archy Cameron's hayrick. A deeper melancholy seemed to fall on the always melancholy township. Coppinger's cronies took their " tots" in silence, steaming the while, and Coppinger himself would come gloomily to the door, speculating upon evil unless the leaden rain curtain lifted. But it did not lift, and rumour of evil came. Up the country, by Parsham and Merryvale and Black Adder's Gully, there were whole tracts of grass land under water. The neighbouring station of Hall's, in the mountains, was a swamp. The roads were bogged for miles, Tim Doolan was compelled to leave his dray and bullocks at Tom and Jerry's, and ride for his life before the advancing waters. The dams were brimming at Quartzborough, St. Roy reservoir was running over. It was reported by little M'Cleod the sheepdealer, that the old bridge at the Little Glim- mera had been carried away. It was re- ported that Old Man Horn, whose resi- dence overlooked the river, had fastened a bigger hook to a longer pole (there was a legend extant to the effect that Old Man Horn had once hooked a body from the greedy river, and after emptying its pockets, had softly started it down stream again), and was waiting behind his ricketty door, rubbing his withered hands gleefully. Young Barham rode over to Quartzborough to get M'Compass, the shire engineer, to look at his new dam. Then the coach stopped running, and then Flash Harry, galloping through the township at night, like the ghost rider in Goethe's ghastly ballad, brought the terrible news—THE FLOODS WERE UP, AND THE GLIMMERA BANK AND BANK AT THE OLD CROSSING PLACE! " It will be here in less than an hour," he shouted, under Coppinger's red lamps ; " make for the high ground if you love your lives;" and so, wet, wild eyed, and white, splashed off into the darkness if haply he might warn the poor folk down the river of the rushing death that was coming upon them. Those who were there have told of the horrors of that night. How the muddy street, scarce reclaimed from the river bed, was sud- denly full of startled half-dressed folk. How Coppinger's was crowded to the garret. How the schoolmaster dashed off, stumbling through the rain, to warn them at Seven Creeks. How bullies grew pale with fear, and men hitherto mild of speech and modest of mien, grew fiery-hot with wrath at incapacity, and fiercely self- assertive in relegating fools to their place in the bewildered social economy of that general Overturn. How when the roaring flood came down, bearing huge trees, fragments of houses, grotesquely terrible waifs and strays of household furniture, upon its yellow and turbid bosom, timid women grew brave, and brave men hid their faces for a while. How Old Man Horn saved two lives that night. How Widow Ray's cottage—with her light still burning in the window sill—was swept off, and carried miles down stream. How Archy Cameron's hayrick stranded in the middle of the town- ship. How forty drowned sheep were floated into the upper windows of the Royal Mail. How Patsy Barnes's cradle, with its new-born occupant, sucking an unconscious thumb, was found jammed into the bight of the windlass in Magby's killing-yard. How all this took place has been told, I say, by those who were present, and needs not repeating. But one thing which took place shall be chronicled here. When the terror and confusion were somewhat stilled, and Coppinger, by dint of brandy and blankets, had got some strength and courage into the half-naked, shivering creatures clustered in his ark, a sudden terrible tremor went through the crowd like an electric current. In some mysterious way, no one knew how originating or by what fed and fostered, men came to hear that Barham's dam was breaking ! That is to say, that in ten minutes or less all the land that lay between Coppinger's and the river would be a roaring waste of water—that in less than ten minutes the Nine Creeks Station, with all its inmates, would be swept off the face of the earth—that in less than ten minutes two hundred square feet of water would be let loose upon the low land near the river, and that if Coppinger's escaped it would be a thing to thank God for. After the first sharp agony of self-apprehen- sion, one thought came to each— Miss Jane. "Good God," cries Coppinger, "can nobody get to her? Two men volunteered to go. " It's no good," said faint-hearted Riley, the bully of the bar. "The dam 'll burst twice over 'fore you can reach the station." It was likely. " I'll go myself," cries brave old Coppinger; but his wife clung to his arm, and held him back with all the weight of her maternity. " I have it," says Coppinger ; " Poor Jo 'll go. Where is he ? " No one had seen him. Coppinger dashed down the stairs, splashed through the yard into the stable. The door was open, and Black- boy, the strongest of King Cobb's horses, was missing. Coppinger flashed round the lantern he held. The mail boy's saddle had disappeared and faintly mingling with the raging wind and roaring water, died the rapid strokes of a horse's feet. Poor Jo had gone. The house was already flooded out, and they were sitting—so I was told—with their arms round each other, not far from where poor Barham's body was found, when the strange, misshapen figure bestriding the huge horse, splashed desperately through the water that was once the garden. " Rescue ! cried Frank, but she only clung to him the closer. Poor Jo bit his lips at sight of the pair, and then, so Frank Smith averred, flung him one bitter scowl of hate, and dropping his de- formed body from the back of the reeking horse, held out the bridle with a groan. In moments of supreme danger one divines quickly. Frank placed his betrothed upon the saddle, and sprang up behind her. If ever Blackboy was to prove his mettle he must prove it then, for already the lightning re- vealed a thin stream of water trickling over the surface of the dam. " But what is to become of you," cries Miss Jane. Poor Jo, rejecting Frank's offered hand, took that of Miss Jane, patted it softly, and let it fall. He pointed to Coppinger's red light, and then to the black wall of the dam. No man could mistake the meaning of that trembling finger and those widely- opened eyes. They said, "Ride for your lives ! ride !" plainer than the most eloquent tongue owned by Schoolmaster could speak. It was no time for sentiment, and for the schoolmaster there was but one life to be saved or lost that night. He drove his bare heels into the good horse's sides, and galloped down the hill. "God bless you, Jo!" cried Miss Jane. Poor Jo smiled, and then falling on his knees waited, straining his ears to listen. It was not ten minutes, but it seemed ten hours, when through the roar he heard a distant shout go up. They were saved. Thank God ! And then the dam burst with a roar like thunder, and he was whirled away amid a chaos of tree trunks. They found his little weak body four days afterwards, battered and bruised almost out of recognition : bat his great brave soul had gone on to Judgment. FRENCH NOBILITY IN THE WAR.—The Duc de Luynes, lately killed before Orleans, had just succeeded to the large family estates in France at the period of his untimely death. He has left a widow and a child two months old. After the capitulation of Sedan he joined the Mobile Guard, taking with him all the ablebodied men from the villages on his estates. The old nobility of France have rallied almost to a man in the defence of their coun- try, and are serving the Republic with the same zeal as they would follow a legitimate sovereign. In the armies of the Loire are now fighting the following members of the old French Noblesse :—Paul de Chevreuse, brother to the late Duc de Luynes ; Le Marquis de Sabran, Le Comte de Charette, Le Vicomte de Rongé, Francois de Bastard, Roger de Mauni, Auguste de Coüessin, Le Comte de Juigné Le Marquis de Castellane, Le Vicomte de Montesson, Antoine de Gon- tant Biron, Gontran de Montesquiou, Hubert de Montesquiou, Marquis de Brissac, M. de Bouillé, M. de Vertamont, M. de Beauffort, M. de Pracomtal, Roger de Terves, Vi- comte de Sapinaud, M. de Gouzon Matignon, Comte de Lentilhac, and Vi- comte de Gironde. All the abovenamed are serving with the Mobiles. There are besides in the standing army of France members of the families of Harcourt, Rohan, Chabot, Talleyrand, Polignac, La Tour du Pin, and many others now serving under the Republican Deputy, Gambetta. —Pall Mall Gazette. 