ILLEGAL TAXATION. A questionof very great importance is now agitating the commercial community of Melbourne ; arid— relatively to ourpopula tion and means — that question is quite as important to us as to our neighbors. It is — whether taxes shall be levied by the simple fiat of a Government, in or out of power, or; by the deliberate act of the Parliament of the realm. From one point of view it seems almost absurd to propound the enquiry. Englishmen axe supposed to have an intuitive horror of 'taxation without representation,' and to inherit from their remotest ances tors such a determination to resist to the death any tyranny of the kind, that it might be supposed the, experiment would never be at tempted. Neither would it be, if taxes were levied by direct instead of by indi rect means. But so long as people prefer being pilfered privately to being assessed openly, opportunity will not be long wanting to steal a march upon the vigilance of taxpayers. Jt is, we know, useless to rail against the Customs ; they must be accepted as necessary evils — like measles, and servants, and mothersin law, and other ' plagues of life ;' though if we could get rid of Custom-Houses, we . should take a seven-league step toward commercial prosperity and toward fiscal honesty also. But we cannot, and there fore everybody is interested in reducing the nuisance to a minimum. It is,' how ever, a hard task. The Custom-House is a very Augean stable, and one looks about in vain for the Hercules that can cleanse it. If any one with a talent for writing books, and possessing the requisite in formation, would compile a history of Custom-Houses — considered with re ference to their effect upon trade, com merce, and industry — he would astonish the world. No device was cer equal to that of Custom-Houses for discouraging art, crippling manufactures, embarrassing commerce, and making the worst of every man's work and enterprise. But still these Custom-Houses rear their heads wherever human hands toil and human brains work; and doubtless will continue to do so. Therefore we must accept them, as before remarked, just like we accept other inevitable misfortunes and vexa tions. But though we pay ' custom to whom custom is due,' we ought not to pay it to those to whom' it is not due ; and this brings us' to the present state of affairs in Melbourne. The late (McCulloch) Go vernment' promulgated a new tariff, byJ means of which they heaped £200,000 of extra taxation upon the people' of ' Vic toria. This was, of course, through the everrexpanding and elastic ' Customs.' Now it is a fundamental ttxiom of . British law that no tax can be levied on British subjects without thie aMliarity of all Act of Parliament. This Act of Parliament must take the form of a Bill, passing: through all its stages in both Houses of Legislation, and afterwards assented to by .the Queen, or. her representative.; ;A Bill so passed becomes ah act of the three estates of the realm ? and however unpa latable its provisions, they miwibe obeyed. Such is the theory; and sucb/is £he law ;' but in practice, taxation1 through the Customs is levied without any Act of Par liament at afl— yithbut any ' Act being eVen introduced^! \mucii: less carried. ' '^ Minister rise||lfl iis place ;and say^he is about tb'^aSyit certainpropbsitions affecting the '^ufiCoins duties. He' is about to increase jihose1 duties. ' No one but himself knows; or ' ought* td :'J^bw-1 what are his intentions (though sometimes they do most mysteriously leak out, or — ? at all Vevents— sre guessed at with sur- ; prising 'accuracy) ; Tint 'the moment hV rises to ^state that- he proposes certain fiscal changes, his Secretary, or messenger, .or 'familii^,'tel^^phsi»theC6ifector of Customs'to enforce ; and insfeintiyievy the proposed new/rates'; ' The'ddEencepnt r forward is well known. It the Custom- / House authorities ;were iiot' W charge the enhanced; rates until'' after they hadTieeh ratified Tjy Parliament, holders of bonded1 goods would clear; them all out. at the. former. . scale, .and the Gustoin-House would lose the dif ference. Therefore; to protect the^ Cus- ;'.' toms, trade is persecuted ; and trade, to avoid the hardship, schemes arid finesses ~ ' . toSthe injury of the Customs — the whole : .' affair being .anything but .'creditable to the' spirit of 'riirieteenth^century.legisiar '' tion. ? It- dnVolves. the whole question of bowilvhg—'a. -question whichiricludes a great deal that has never yet had justice done ' it jeither by friends or foes. : ' ; The point at issue in Melbourne is, whether the Government can ^legaily'en- ' force ' Customs duties, which have not . been sanctioned by Parliament. The eminent and wealthy finh of Stevenson : and Son intend to t^t tiiis poiri^ and we may'be siire they 'mSL carry It to the very ' ' ' highest tribunal. If the point were simply as to the Goverrimeht ordering Customs duties to be levied on an in creased scale for the few days necessary to pass an Act through iW various stages — ^an Act which they had, on introducing it, a moral certainty that they could speedily carry— there can be. little doubt that the* Government, on the gronrids of common justice arid public utility, would be upheld in their action. Although not within the letter of any statutory enact ment, they could plead the supremo, lex of public good, and they could plead -common usage. But in our days we find tariffs changed by the order of Governments knowing they had not the ghost of a chance of carrying1 a!vpte'; we then have these illegal tarinB further en forced by new Governments, who de nounce them whilst they collect under them ; in short, we have taxes levied by a Ministry that falls in the attempt, the same taxes being continued by- another Ministry that denounces and condemns them ; both parties with equal readiness plundering the public (for we can call it nothing elsfe) by a resolution unknown^- to the law, and as in-: - jurious ai it is unconstitutional. Some thing must be done to cure this evil. It opens the door to enormous gambling. It is a short and easy method by which a corrupt Minister might favor a friend to an immense extent, and a vindictive Minister correspondingly punish an oppo nent. A shrug of the shoulders, a wink of the eye, a word or two, dropped as if at ? random, might lead one ' man ? on to pocket his thousands at the cost of the revenue, and another to lose his. It was considered a rare bit of fun in Melbourne that some of the leading 'grocery houses had been induced to pay £50,000 into the Treasury for the clearance of goods which they understood were to be subjected to higher taxation, when nothing of the sort was intended ! And this neat little 'sell' was ? quoted with mueh zest, and relished exceedingly in the recent debates on -Hie7 McGulloch tariff; We are not contending that a Treasurer when propounding a new tariff should not have power to instruct the officers of Customs to collect, in the interval, ac cording to tkat proposed tariff — al- though this power ? and privilege is a matter to be' argued ^- riot ' taken for [granted. But the point is, how1 long is this power of taxation by the Executive to last ? For a week, a month, or a year ?. If a Ministry, in proposing a new tariff, is outvoted, surely the status ante quo should return, and the old law be ad ministered ; but this is not the case in Victoria, where a tariff is now being en forced and collected, not only without .the sanction of Parliament, but in known violation of the proclaimed principles of the; Ministry in power. . The —Customs - - duties now levied in Melbourne are not levied according to Act of Parliament^ and are. not levied accord ing, to the order of the Government of the day;, .but are simply the 'duties suggested by a Government whose policy11 was rejected, and who have been- turned out of office in consequence. For how long is this to continue? '^What rule or principle- should regulate the imposition and collection of Customs duties ? The question raised by Messrs. Stevenson is one of deep interest, not to commercial men only, but to all politicians and all taxpayers.. They deserve well of their ? fellow-colonists, and :of all the colonies, for their determination to' bring thiB matter to a legal test, arid we shall cer tainly, in South Australia, watch the pro gress of the case with very great interest. 