TUB magasinés' for this month' aro'oxtrómely Inter. : eating,; as Woll'o'n occoanf of' the sterling excellent e Of tho arUoles they contain as because* those:urticli's relato more; to goneml than' to/ militaryliterature'1 ¡Th'e'.rciidérg of ..magteiMáuM .cultivated'' people, . and ïeaaçe ,'must¡ by.!*W"! l.mït> bb.. wearied even to nausea with perpetually perusing tho butchers' hills of Frunoh and Ger. man : ihedders,.' .bf . .' human' ' blood.. ','Tho , thunder of ,.hatti o {and . th«j slaughter,'/ bf /'"'hosta^á,'^ exciting topics during tho ¿imo' "'they':. ¡iré' occurring, ' ánd (for some short - tinto ; after ^ards ; but they soon begin to weary tho sonsibilititB, nature, and by constant repotition become de estable. Assuredly there will bo a period in tho futur* hi-torv of our raco when men will look back on the oxpl dts df'military chieftains and.fighting men,- ranch, in the saine sort of way that an ehthusiaatic Darwinist now* looks back on the animul. with pointed, ,ears - nnd canino teoth from which, ho supposo» the:men 'of tho present day to have descended. . ''.,',.,',, ; TLNSLET'S MAOAZINE.contains '* Lady . Judith,'' " Musical Recollections,", of Braham,' MÍBS. Stephens, and other vocalists of the latter^ part of tba ;18th and beginning- of tho présent oentury ; an ar ide-on' tho Gorilla,; along .with several -lively tales', nb'd sketches ;. but tho most 'absorbing 'and 'interesting part of '."tho' { number "is 7 that' ? which '' continues tho story-: 'of- '"Joshua '/Marvel;"''< Mr!1,'Tarcoon1 hero , gives r us . sqmô^"'" ,powerf.ul.'.' deao'rip{.ivó :-keicbes ¡ot pqean^.si'ohgs)'.'. and. 'bf, ' fie, damrors to which mnrinerá aro exposed on tho faco'of the great deep. Tho ship which figures 'in the story was no long or afloat, hor living freight had taken to n raft, and wore exhausted with porih, hunger, »nd ¡ iatiguo. Ono vigilant soul musod whilo tho rest of bia unfortunate companions slumbered. . Hera' j bin refinctions : - [! -Every person na the.raft wu »»leap with tho exception F tba men In th i wat' h and bim elf. Me il l not feel i elli ; to fe town agata, so he «at and thought uf thlngt In »t » io eran «cou«, an i at auch.aolenin moments, the apiti', ii-titra work« won lora in th« mindi nf tho loighett mat quio «ns the syrup*, hie« and ' tira into life the end-ri io muries. Ii wi- au with Hou-ih-ml-ltoady »t the prese tin T, trial Incidents that bore a gn|rtc» ici when th oamTeii and which hui been an 1 .rn unremembered that ! ?.onderedliow lia thought gf thain now came vivi.Hr but.' Min Hit hone-h's mother-ám» 1 domestic Joya ai «icfi-a brother who dieu when they w»o both chitara with whom ha med to nlajr:and nett wit'i lUMe,- liut '?'ort t w5j.it kin 1 ot a bridge w.e that In hi. life that sp nm that (linn and this 1. By what atranga ateiu ha 1 h walked fr i thon t . nowT The »Urs grew teat bright ami isled out i the ski 's ; tb-' wa eriirswgreyer'ia the »rief susse orara tl; ,1afling's dawn..Soon tn the east a thin tine of water at iii edga f the borUon quickened Into life, aiid Vatnre's grande wonder .began' t" wi.rk ID tue dawning of » now,dav. t h water line, a mero thread at first, but ' broadening with ever "econd that marked the night »f gray »h& low», wai rosy «lt blushing light.', Purple . couds,-- fringed with -, woiidmu dumps,, surrounded tho ele r space, In which presently th frlorlnuj aun rose grand/ frcirn the gol Hld. a», lt rose, ;sky and »un rejoiced. , At one time, f ir af-v moments, thu sea was like a tte d of golden corn waring li th«nun'*«y-, ; hut soon lt dtieoe .ed. till lt. .ml;the heaven, rh it l iokod down into Its. mighty de.,ths went, ulled witt Bining restle-s light, willoi In t slr turn nave wty to soflei ?hallows M>*ny a sunrise had Itough.and-tteady seen, bul »ev^r, .in» thi hu bail watched so a easdily BJ lill-: but li ?earned.as though his thoughts wei« In harmony with lt. ¡ ..'o roar Mr.' Fargeon is not quite orthodox in his vinws of deiith and' the after life, and we think that ho forma-but a very low. estimate of .¿ho worth ol those who preach about.them. . Here isa description nf one of them, the like,of whom," we' would fuin hojm/ i's but rarely seen,'éven when'on'a raft : Thé Brat amonar'the paaabhgera ti cornpl'tslyglve way waa Steveii Homebuilt. He I ad o mirved no manner of discrimina. 'lou 'n eating bia food, au! hart aiways swallowed it bast Ir, !» tb it tt dill, him but little good" Contrary to what might have iKjeu .eii vexed ot hloi as a,man of pious parts, bo wt.', the m nt ieill»h of all thu i asaengerá I sto.d or praying for morey, ho'roielled fn thought' and «peach against th» mt,fur., t"no «hieb had : overtaken him,, ije did not think of tho »ih r*- le waa his fate tliat waa s i hard.' The prayers iliac ha ha l so literally stored up for other lost man w JO not for him. now that lu waa lost All other men wara »inners- so IIB h came to Impart It.to tham. 11 Let them open their rebellious heart«, and recul ve lt, while thara was yet time To all kinda nf m n lia.l he preached thli, striking at theil hard, trying io f ishlen-Lcm with .threatened, ponaitlo* if they refused to Iwll v, as ho.believed. Us carno to «tve thom grace; did hs Jilrmelf rilo. Ire n-ne! . ves.. . . ?? -:i " What kind ,t faith ta that which believes all other faith j wmn-rnml «Intuí? What ls th« test ot faith f Sincerity Î Aye. fur mo ; but not fsryou I am fincere ¡I am bernita the grao ' i f »od lint you I fall down «nd r. pent I rtiich brid b"en th« preaching of Steven .'< onlehu-h. But now that thi'eartb waa mumbil, g (rom beno-tlb his feat, »i d ihn new lifo was before him, he prayed neither for others nor fur hlm-elf. He mainialnwl » sallen rebelli .us silence,, faith- ful t, his n .W'S for thu fl rs', tl «o in his Ufo. Uls'mnod, no I ss tha the sea-.ty supply ot food and hts -uann-r of e.itlng lt, .Hove him mad : am within a: fortnight Kif his sojourn on the raft, be .was crawling and staggering about, uttering a dreadful Jumb a of prayers and blasphemies. ' Illa slater R-ichel followed him about as well as . her streugth all iwed h r ; hu', he strurk at her often, and. often curs, ii her and h mielf. It wa. terrible to sae and hear. " Ile did not naffer long ; One day he ran fron one part of tho raft P. anuUe , raving ihtt a sail waa in sight. Attirât they thought bathe mlirlit bur ght, but they soon uncovered that he was ravi i g.' sill, hu law the shin comb g nearer and nearer lils slater wts the only one who had patience to bear , with him rio iloicrlbed the sulp to har, and described' the man ann women lu', -»rrw on th« deck ; and tho shudilcrod as she recognised In his descriptions acquaintances and relatives, every one of ' whom weredead. > , . .. .... ,..,'.;:..., ,, -. . '. ",* Hero lt 'comes," ho said, standing np in his eagerness) neatw-nearer I I shall be able to jump on hoard pre I She »'rove to restrain Wm : bat he broke Irom nor winn .an). gave »leap on to tba imaginary ship. - Ile sank at one and ara» aeon un more. ¡ <. :.;.,.. . ... » mr author roakea men entertaining different Wei "dio quite in a dinerent'style. i . ' ' . A curious conversation took pfáco between the two friend . Harry « al' aud James llamease. In tba morning they Iii rora ed'heir portion of food. , , , .-. ¡"*avoIi for the women, slr," they »Id to the captain. Ile expostulated with them, anil ultu toprovalt upon the: to lake lt, mit ne did nut succeed. '.'Mrt"attla James Heartsease; "wa are going to Ha down 1 clio ' , vi e lioth t us feel that oar time baa rama. To rub tl poor women of any moro f»oil wuuld bo ' simple barbarity, should like to shake hands'with you." h >.??.?! ? ? ,.|.-. Capta n Liddle «lia >k lmi.ds with them, and after that tv e crawled, to the women, and shook hands wltb them, and klsse tittle ..rim iv» "Igeuo; thoa thu? crawled away, ad _ side hy a da.. " i h, soil has come, Jim," said Harry, .'il; "Ail right. 11 al, ".said James; " lt ls only a matter of a fe' yara, puiliaps not ab long as that. If we bad had plenty t eat, it might have come Just. tbs sama :. After all, what I tiuiaJ Draw a 1'reath, and it ls gone. It 1-n't so bard to f ly up a few.) ems when you think of that. Besides-" Jin here ho paused. - \- "liesides what, Jim I" . " Wo are-alone ;' we have, no women.tfes-no íwlvea. ni sweethearts, lr we had, I think.wo should both try to Uvea lop, «vi we c mid." "' " " ' 'I tblnk so, too. > Ills a i good Job we are alane In th. world." i " ld you notice' tho women, HalT ? I don't 'dtl^i'they'l last long." * ' .»««? won't." «aid giny. » Mrs Pigeon will soot go. .Well, »'.'«.Show the feassn or that "i t,.. .'. . i .Wee ; che glvos all the feed to her little girl. Women ari .good creatuies,' Hal.''. . 4 -Urb sasha are. ? Jim, old boy, a sadden weakness hs.' conic over;nie ! Put your f «ce closer to mine-I want to kls >ou. lioud old boy-good old boy 1" , ? They did not sp ak for some time after that. , Ileartscosi was tba llrst to break silence. ." ' -, "Hal old fellow," he said, "we shall most somewhere by and-by." ..; ¡ . ', . ' ?..'.ure to," said ITariy :l " somewhere-somehow/'It is awfully gran! to ihtuk -. (-lt ta good to believe. I am glad 1 novor tibi any great wrong to stltig'me now. Jim, depeii(j utKni it,, llttjie ls only one true religion ¡ that ls, : the religion nf buing kind and tmdoraui unselfish-the religion of, doing unto others JS you would others should do unto yon ami ol living a good life Qi ve me tba man who does thal, and whe IMIIUV. H i ¡ the goodues« an I greatness of Ood. ll the rest I« ummrnory. ,i\'e bave agreed npon that, haven't we, old boyt" ! I . .. ,????.!/.; , : , . . . ; '-Ay,:tlmes out of mind " ' " .;.../. \- 'ow. I, t ll you shu I am going to do. : I don't want to quite s arro to death. It would bo too painful ; its frightful lu be« -even now. I dou't want tu commit salcids, although to throw' i-crtuin.meainte justifiable. I am going to draw.myself close io ibo edge af ' tbs' raft: then : lam going to sleep. II the .waves shout I . chance to waab me over in tbe night, good-let them : and then I shall know something." .. .11 right, ll al:-I'll lie by. your, sid».;, Good night, old fell1*"' .....-! ¡ . , _ ; , ?;*t;ood.night."" ''? ''. ' : '':' -t's. 11 .¡ti :.. . ..Whoo thu sun roseagstn those two good friends had gone to their rei!, to meet again somewhere-tomehow. 'I'lieae extracts «ill show tho sort pf Bluff of which ." Joshua Marvel is made; and,will,, no doubt, serve »a aplico to whet;tba reader,'* appetite for moro. . ! UIACMILLAN'S JIAOAZINE..commences :" with..." Tho I'ainu and its Lessons,'': whioh appears to bonn article of ? average merit, . neither very brilliant nor very commonplace, but just such aa article ne a, sensible pro'siu'u' man would . write on a topic wbiuh h»;bud thoroughly «tu'riied "Tho Past and Fut .jrb Jleliiiión ol ;Irrliind.. to' ; Great" .Britain'' contains some emili t okpfehes '[ 'ot?1 real >or-', imaginary ^ parliamentary çhWraç'tërs.' "¡Souventrs ? of ithej Campaign of the . ''.'iff."; '<>:' Gabriel, ; Jlonod, who ..was attached to a Frenoh ambulance during tho 'campaign, Convoya a' sickening idea of military lifo'during a time of war.: The seve-itieB necessary to make men »ood soldiers ar« faithfully pourtruye i in the following.postage.-. Par's was completely lhveat»d Mots hail Just »a iemlcn d, and the hopes of Fr.nco were contred on D'Aurelloa do rMlaltne, who hod ?' recency 'boen mada Com »ando,-ln-ehlef ot tha.áuw.ormy-lr lo'leed such a .rabbit) could be di.util i : With that .nam». Til« I » emil» lt iin.«m«-d «r'rri lm.ll» I m runted ;", Ibo gnni were .weak;'and served by .very |.oui : hornes /tho troops.oí ih*J Une. wo-u dirty a ni-ri«y|-y .disc - : pilo, il','an l' comlniet of men 'either too old br too yoong ; i'lhe'few Mnbllea among thuin)were bailly clot. ed. nu.l annuli o> ly with wrotebe d muzzle-loaders, which they old nm know how i . tn. :¡'handle ¡ ; while ? the - i Cnmmlua lat waa both Insufllclout. and lrrcau'ar-a't of : which thtuga wera i little ' ca'riulated to Inspiro conti leiice Anil yet ...In' "."»'' fortnight, hy the etercts^bf . a severity, lon/ unknown ¡.ti the Kreuch army, li'Atirellc« effie ed ri complete transformation 'in f'thia'rabble.''and in the'end succeed.id In r«-ealahlli>hi I if disciplina., Officia; now slept lu .the. camp likncinimuu soldier«' and were, present at daily i arado and l muro confident and soldier like air. Tba reitlm. nta marched ln'good 01 der,;with thou baggage arid provisions behind them and wl'hou¿'tha¡ orowd'o( followers which bad been the ula g «co ol our army during the whole of tho campaign. t maUR :«>n«'a¿heart bleed to aee'th* hard maanure« by wWeh such htrlcti dlaclpllno, ;bad to, be enforced. Nearly every morningóhsortwo*unfbrtuiate' wretches convicted of theft or limn'ótilination woro lml ont ol thu >tablu" f ibo ambu- lance whlih «oed,aa tbe guard-room, and shot Une, a quarlrrina ter tnthirkrtlnory, tho fathercf a family, and'.a gmat'fayou Me.among,lila comrs 'ev, was condemned to, be shot" for .' calling blt captain "a "blanobee" (aruunborn.) Aii >iUer, a lsd of eighteen," bad enlisted* In » moment of enthu«ta de»ert, In disgurd. at the fatigua, ruidihantshlpa of camp life. 'A third had stole« a chicken, ia- fourth .a tnrk-y, and so on-transgressions too com mon, I nan army which was almost entirely neglected.by, hy. .Ita'.otiiiimlssarlaV department; >' But . severe as these 'me ¡aurea may aeiim, ! they were J o stifled by tho rotuli«. ' " :He- forms a¡rather high opinion of . tho German aoldiors, .and,gives ua u flattered piolare of their morOa'S*; iellf u^h»»- ' ' f ' . '; . Tn» most; remarkable feature of; the campaign, was. the reapeot paid by tue german's tb .woroon : and thia ls a! national vir tut, add one Ho which inia gnat meas.ire the Orma to'racb owes its pow r. Individual outrages may hay» been perpetrated, but sot one cam» uniter mv notice In the lcmgcomso of my, seven months' experience, neither, did I hear ene t stired, to as a, push Ive fact. JSverywhero, on the . contrary,, I sa-f women treated with truo respect In a manner ; i. that utonUbAI;tho,r*rencb soldiers who on sevotal acculons remarked lo me, V Wo should have bohaved rather dlffereatlr , lf .wo ha,t heed In Ulolr plano.". ; A» for tho children,1 fi om tho <. brit .'lay.they weio.'fa.t friends with, the OBImsns., Jf there . wa» nothing lo lat'In'a"homo, and complaints w.rs'raado a causeries enfans, the wholo family wan aura to bo supplied wtih f md. The soldiers played with tho children, wont about with them, and got thom to give them lessons In Prendí ;» and more th tn once tho presence of dill.Iren in a house was snulelcnt to convert tue cncmlei Into friends. They wuuld begin to talk of their own children, \- aho-rlng on thilr dogers how tboy had '' one two. three," and ..«obi? ' allowing wi'h th ir hand h w tall eaoh was. . Rullglou t illing aol ju rlatism often weat hand In hand r with this fanni lov. oo tha b toss of tba Loire they «till ' aucht in Im .gin tt on " far Hen schland Variheld'iung," and . aluio't every into bur« tba .mutta " Milt <¡ott,, fur Koo g umlViterUnd " In-da heart a« wall aa t>u bl. helmet. Oa tlt.t o- er hand , tln-re waa a good «teal of nuparstltlon I mingled with th I rullginn." A. great many of them, for I instance, carried abo t a «trange, uncouth prá er, «h ch they j iwllBVeJ to h .ve fallen.from beaven io th seventeenth cen. I tury, ami which wu -unsl le ed a protection agalii-tbotb the I onemt a'bdla a ol Ilia lil g I mai d es lt mu-t be owned that th re w-uv vii- a f. w »bo contrived to r e nell» violence and pillan with thel'd votlon ; bat I mot numbera whoso' piety,-.naive aa it,, iiorfiiiod, WHS nevertheless truly noble and' S'Dcoro' i >h ono'ieca-ion rb* ttotnan Catholic chapli n of the ambulance «rave a' c.'nisecr«t^d medal to a wound d «'Crinan. . Wbe . ha lait, th« man aid to the «nrg.ion, " Vour chaplain 1 I» very kind, hut the inu'lal ls n t of much use to me: I had iw i «lrt>«dy, and the«- did not prevent ms f ora gull, g iny leg 'b' oken ; but.", e «ul d, bolling up a ^ew Testament I had ? glveii bim the day'before, " thia bas helped me to pass some happyiours" i. . ' .YlauiiiilUii's Magazine also contains a very thought- '. fill article entitled '* Darwinism and Jieligion." The writer giv-a * brief but lunid summary, uf Mr.. Darwin's views und ' reasonings respecting .the genesis of tn« moral sentiments and s n ial instincts, and then speaking of l ertuin thinkers to whom such ' VIMWK are distasteful, ho nave- '. :.-.!'. . They f-ar.that If the noble ulft nf conscience can be traced back lh »ll its gradations to the humbler Inst Incts, tbe human rice will become .ho victims of a gross materialism, SLd that ail c'inm'inlon with ilod, and hope ol immortality will be blotMl out of our' existence. He" then endeavour, to »how . Firstly : That the nnblllt» of our consclacco, as a gilt from Hod, sud our power tif communion with Ulm, aro in noway Impugned by thu theory. Ste milly : riiatour h.'po of Immortality stands oa precisely the sam- bat s on the hypothesis of évolution, us on that of sepira&j; cre.tl'li. -. .Lastly:. I'hat Mr: Darwin, If bis theory ba even approxi- mately trou, has glvou a now Impulse to ti o u nitarian philosophy,lu «uunuUiiiig 4 proposition by which, ashs sitys, th» reprouoli of la» log the foundation of the most noble part of our astute In the base principles of selfishness ls removed. ,? The article is an attempt to prove that the hypothesis of " evolution " is compatible with a belief in it Great First Cause or God, and consistent - with the hope of immortality. His reasoning appears to' be a little confused and tortuous. He says:— But when we speak of tho laws which govern our universe, we cannot regard them a separate entities Independent of God, as watch laws are of ourselves, for then they would depend upon some first cause other than God. But, if tho hypothesis of evolution be true,' there is no necessity (logical necessity we mean) to suppose a First Cause at all, or any dependence of matter on anything other than itself Those who construct a priori argument. 'for the being of a God assume that matter is dependent on 'something else ; but this dependence has never been either 'proved or dis- proved. We admit that this evolution hypothesis if barely compatible with a belief in theism, but we con- tend that,the influence of it tends tho other way, We argue from the design, apparent in nature that nature had a designer ; but the evolution hypothesis tends to show that 'that/which we call design is merely an effect produced by unintelligent forces acting in accordance with what are called fixed laws, ' According to this hypothesis everything in nature was once in a state of nebulous haze,-or fire- mist, and from this fire mist all things have been evolved. If, therefore, evolution be true, tho argu- ment a posteriori for the being of a God is destroyed. We may suppose that a God exists, that he created matter; and impressed it with laws--that is, made it . so that. it should act in a given way ; but such a supposition is neither suggested to us nor forced 'on us by tho hypothesis of evolution. Besides, on this hypothesis, any uch supposition would be wholly gratuitous, and unsupported by argument. But whether evolution be favourable or unfavourable to Theism, it is morally certain that a belief in it is incompatible with belief in almost any form of Christianity Indeed, we know of no distinctive form of religious belief, if we except tho most latitudinarian form of Unitarianism, and the Harmonial Philosophy of Andrew Jackson Davis of New York, which a logical and consistent evolu- tionist can believe in. Our readers will find much matter for deep reflection in tho article which has called forth these remarks. BELOKA VÍA continues ** Tho Lovais of Arden," and diHporiH itself in a capital article on "Pictures." Tho writo- plunges into tho middle of his subject by . telling a quaint story respecting tho Rov¿ Sydney. Smith:- j ' '" ' ?'.'." . . ??! i"l; ' ? '. That eminent Divine, upon tho occasion of one of: his pro. fcsdonal murat ons. ass lubled, in lils new residence, two Irle d» who fill d hlith pH es liv the artistic world, and gravely consultai them upon tbo caps' lillies of his new abode for tho ciposlilon of work» of »rt Flatter.d by bis application, th««-loarne l un ns la ,ncn, d out into eloquent panrgyrlcs of bi« schf ni,', and. ds^eribad tu glowing, colours th« . possibility' ol ; Illuminating the wat s of hi« abode with the fictions of tho (euell . They pointed ont the ' v.irious «lt,lotions m.st sultablo for the works of dlfleifnt urtlKts, became gárrulo is on lights, anti showed where, tn thou iudgment, di ausllttld'. uright »eas would roll moat gracefully, and whero Creiwt k's streuras tbould glide, and his woods dou, lab tn eterna' verduro' ' Tbotr roveruud dlstdpie listened patiently tb alltheir teachings,- and professed hts entire readiness to be Hu-ded y their.iteelslon, and to profit by tbolr prnffo,«d skill In tba pureba oof works such as they described. The i!oiiiis»li. r were il parting, full of their mission, when their i upili alled them back'with tho remark, that ba hast forgotten to mention ona fini, wb ch was, that ha novar gars mure than 35» tor a picture. And so; ne he c'mid liol" purchase ether Creswick or a "tnin-fi-tld for that sum, their advice was useless, .The authenticity of the tule is doubtful ;; tbe humour ls too threadbare.l'or Sydney Smith . The rut of the article is pleasantly written. Mr. Whitehurst, Pariniun correspondent ol the London Daily Tole» graph,,contribute un nrlicle entitled " Tho Second Sini(e .of " Paris." which, dieplnys his prejudices _ ;: > and ' prophetic powoV ,' in a very strong* light,'. »hoi formor, being deep and .strong. ? iiitmnnt : Kepuhiiuanism" in any shape, the latter ,being" thoroughly wrong in every respect. I'he O'lmttitinista ,haye . not-, " won,", though tho "rnhhor" they hav» played has certainly been ; -, "odd" enr.ug .'? " All Round St. Pauls," by Mr. l'hornbury; n Ghost:story; called " At '0 ighton Abbey,'' and other papers, complete the number. . .Goop i Woitns' contains'a poem written by W. B. Gli'idsKine ; Prime Minister of England, tho source of inspiration, being thu fate of an infant who wa» ooriii arid 1HP'ÍZ-II, and who died on tho sa ; o day.. The poem, h d'I a nu now laurels to the author bf " The "I Oo|ie,iind| Men of the Uomorio Age." ? Another lyrii',. ulsti iii tho .current; number of Good Words,1 'is " a irern bf ptirest ,ray sereno.", ,It. is entitled-' . '. A Fiictr."- ' It ia' aimple, séns^tíónel,' and beautiful. ! It was on an English summer'day, '"* ' !". . t. Hum-t>Ix orsrveu'y am Miro.-. '»' ' ' . ? ' '. " Th ' t a'pnlmsman b> tote his cabin paced, j i ' ,; ^Vito-a listless step and slow." ' '': De Ut bia ploa-ibero, was plenty of time- ' is!. \- In »1> work w*s iiiiih'ugnew: . , , Just tu wa'ch the signals am shift the points ' v. boo tho nex tra;n carno la view.., ... i ? ,., Ile leant *g»liiBt his ethla, and smoked away, .' Ho wis used to 1 ungo an 1 walt : Twelve hoiir-at a streich li-mu t mind thoso points. And down-trains were mostl» late I, ? , 'A rnmhle,-á roar -" She I« coming now-' t>h:'o,truar t ' t Ina toHlay I' . .'..'..: ..>..».. rn. i ' Ho tum .-and no -f.tr off. 'tween the ratl»: -, ", .... :. Sees his yaun, est buy at play I '. i 'Not far, but too far. Tho train''ls at haar», . And: he child ls crawling there, ' -, And pat ing thoigroinid with crows of delight- -¡ -, ' :.-v, . Bis foo», waa deal-white, out his purpose firm. ' : *'. ' i.'. As »f-alght t:. hlijost h* trod, . . ? , . And ihlf oi tba -olnts. «nd saved tho down train,-' '''' '' ' . And trust, d his child to;Oed. ¡ .,, ¡, i,,,.' [> .,, ., ? There's a rush In hlscars though'th« train has passed ; ': ' ' ' '' ': He gropes ror ha cannot sse. . -, . ... To th« plica whnra ilu I mgbing baby crawliaV "''" '' .' ;, Whoro ibu manglad limbs must be., '. ; -i-ip;.- ' .i , '... But lie hoars a'ury that ls only of f«ar- .. . . .Hts Jovjaaafis tao»r«*t toBeätv'> ' ...'Ul t'.'u ¿' '.- .,tv.' . F'-Thl» daly done. Oods.wto bl» soii- , .>.. , i i . Th« train had ont touched ahdr I' ." 