CHRISTMAS EVE AT AN OUT- STATION. THE (From "Waiting for the Mail; or the stories we told at Holybush Inn," being the Christmas Supplement to the Illustrated Sydney News.) I had been in Sydney for some time, "doing the grand," as the diggers call it, on the money I'd made at Tambaroora—some time before I sent to England for my mother. Although there was something fascinating in Sydney life—in the theatres and singing saloons, and other places of amusement, there wasn't much to attach me to the city, after my money was "knocked down."Then, I was like a fish out of water, and all the excitement of Sydney was nothing to me; I longed for somethingmore startling and, adventurous, and this at length came about through the medium of a person named Quizzleton. He was a squatter, with a beard of seven years' growth, a snub nose and small eyes. He wore top boots, and a belt in which he carried a bowie-knife and pistols whenever he was beyond the boundary of a town; and was altogether as queer a customer as you would meet with anywhere. In America, I suppose, they would have termed him a "back-woodsman," here he was merely a squatter. He was staying at the "Royal," and while I was flush of cash I had stayed there, too; and during those palmy times we "shouted" in turn, went to the play together, and, in fact, vowed eternal friendship. Quizzleton had been up north, his cattle and sheep were located at Jumbuck Creek, a spot, which some five years back, he had settled on, to the great disgust of a multitude of blacks, whose herds of kangaroo and emus, had till then been unmolested; consequently neither he nor his men found favour in the eyes of the aboriginals and huts were burned, men and cattle speared, and a host of similar outrages committed. Still, he stuck to his post, and trusted in the black police. The station had been quiet for two years; the Mungarlow tribe had visited the great "Bunyah," and returned to the scrub surrounding the homestead; the jungle which had been the habitation of their fathers and the generation before them. Quizzleton made me an offer; he wanted an overseer; had advertised for one, and had but one applicant for the situation, and that a new chum; would I accept it? I, who had colonial experience; had been at Fiery Creek, and Tambaroora;. and had knocked down all my worldly wealth in Sydney, would I object to go North? Of course I would not, and go I did; or rather we did, for my employer, and the rations and slops he had bought, all went by vessel to Wide Bay, and thence were carried by drays to his station. Mungarlow, pleasantly situated on Jumbuck Creek, was not a bad place after all, especially for an idler; of work there was little, except at shearing time, and then we were busy enough till the departure of the last dray. The bush was an empire of stillness till the next shearing. There was no road to our station, consequently out few travellers ever intruded on our privacy, only once during the twelve months I spent there did an event of this kind occur, and then it was "merely a poor new chum who had lost his way and wandered some forty miles off the road." I took the poor fellow home, fed him till he had strength efficient to travel, and then conducted him to the roadside from which he had strayed. But a man will tire even when he is in the best position—it was so in my case. Playing cards, drinking, cutting green hide, mending hurdles, and fishing in the creek (most profitable employment) occupied the time at the head station, and Fridays (ration day) taking provisions to the out stations, counting the sheep, having a yarn with the shepherds or hutkeepers concerning native dogs, breed of sheep, or blackfellows. The latter were occasionally met with on the runs by the shepherds, who gave them a "narang" bit of tobacco, and they passed away without molesting any one. Still, with all our fancied security, suspicions as to the safety of the residents on that station at times would step in, and cause me some anxiety. It seemed a sort of foreshadowing of events which were soon to take place, and although I had dreams of a strange character, in which spectres off hideous forms were companions of my slumbers I did not even whisper my fears to those around me. One Christmas eve, as is customary with Northern settlers, I had gone to the out stations to leave a small present of plums, currants, and other etceteras at each. Having ridden a matter of forty miles, and done the round of the huts, I had only one more to visit ere my task was concluded. My horse was jaded and gave signs of weariness, and I observed, with some concern, that the shades of evening were fast overspreading the sky. As I rode amid the monotonous worlds of evergreens the gloom increased around my pathway, and the faint twilight overhead was almost shut out by the shadowy trees, whose drooping branches swayed by the wind gave forth a melancholy wail. I was riding as fast as the condition of the animal would admit, when suddenly, as if from the underwood, came forth the sound of a low intoned song of strange import. At first it seemed the cadence of some wild melody, but gradually rising higher it assumed a wilder character, till it merged into the fullness of a great chorus joined by many voices It was blacks, and the corroboree they had met to celebrate was taking place by the side of the adjacent creek. I must confess that though cowardice has ever been absent from my nature, I could not listen to these strange sounds unmoved. They startled me from my reverie, and made me even more anxious to reach my destination. I knew my way—I was not lost—a short distance more and the hut would be in sight. Guided by the light from the shepherd's domicile, and the barking of dogs, I soon reached the comfortless habitation, occupied by one man, who, in addition to the duties of shepherd, undertook that of hutkeeper. A lonely denizen of the woods, a solitary individual minus books, papers, or companion; the latter want (if it could be called a want) only supplied by sheep and dogs. Old Sack (no one ever called him by any other name) was a "character," that is he had his peculiarities, one of which was a love for solitude; he liked to be alone. The mountains were to him as the faces of friends, and he read lessons in rocks and stones, and was wise in his own conceit. Who knew anything so well as Jack? Talk about flocks or dogs, he was the man to give an opinion. His bed was of skins; his clothing a blue shirt and moleskins, his rations more than sufficient for him, and his cheque at present in the settler's pocket; the last one had been knocked down at Phillpots, on the Dawson, for Jack liked grog. Give him a bottle and you had a key to his soul. I approached this individual s habitation with less pleasurable feelings than perhaps I might have done had the hour been earlier, but there was no alternative, and I was in for a night of it with Jack. Let us pass over the meeting, the supper of damper, mutton and tea, the pipe after it, and the ecstacy of the shepherd when he saw the present "the cove" had sent out to him. Why should I tire you with a recital of all this, or with the tedious and improbable yarns I was compelled to listen to at that out station; but at last it all ended, and I lay down to rest with my saddle-cloth for a bed and my saddle for a pillow, on the green sward in front of the hut. My horse was in a neighboring gully, quietly cropping the "burnt feed;" which Jack said he had saved for "rainy days," for his sheep. All was so still and tranquil, all so calm and beautiful above me that notwithstanding the warning I had received, the that blacks were in the vicinity, I fell asleep. My sleep was long and heavy; dreams terrible in the extreme flitted through it, and I rested ill at ease. Yet I could form nothing definite out of the sea of strange ghost-like faces which seemed to glare out upon me from every quarter of that visionary space. I strove to rid myself of these horrors but could not; the nightmare grew closer and closer, and there was a suffocating feeling about my throat; I gasped for breath, my eyes opened, and I saw—yes, I saw, no less a personage than Old Jack, grasping my throat with one hand and his knife poised high in the air in the other ready to strike. I comprehended it all in an instant —and life, the boon craved by all God's creatures appeared sweeter than ever. Was this to be the end of all my hopes, death at the hands of a wretch like this! What a struggle that was! I was perfectly conscious, and though unarmed fought like a demon, but Jack was uppermost, and at intervals succeeded in inflicting several stabs in various parts of my body—none, however, were very dangerous—and at length I succeeded in wresting the knife from him, and then resumed the fight with more advantage. The glare as of fire caused me to turn my eyes in the direction of the hut, which I perceived was burning, and issuing there- from and advancing toward us, beheld a large concourse of blacks. Yells, shouts, and imprecations filled the air, and the hollows and hills reverberated with the sounds. Need I say I heard them and trembled. Jack, the villain, also heard them, and relaxed his hold on my neck. Nerving myself instantly for a final effort, I succeeded in hurling him from me, and strove to rise to renew the attack with the coming foe. A shot from my gun, which had not been disturbed, made the aboriginals fall back in consternation, and a shower of spears replied to the next charge fired. The wretch, who had made the cowardly attack on me probably with a view to rob me of all I possessed, and with the full intention of making my quietus, was slinking off, but he was seen by the aboriginals, who, incensed by the slaughter of some of their fellows, completely surrounded him and in a few moments had his head on the point of one of their spears, probably intending it as a warning to me. Wounded as I was, with blood dropping from many wounds, I resolved to sell my life dearly, and placing my back against a tree, faced my foes. I can never forget the hour I passed in that position; my ammunition was spent, and though several of my antagonists had fallen before my unerring aim, yet. they showed no inclination to abandon the battle. Hope's fire was indeed low in my heart; if I could only reach my horse, I was sure of safety; perhaps the blacks had speared the poor animal. While thus meditating I heard a shout; my antagonists heard it too—it was. music to my ears. A moment more and they were flying before the avengers, who in the person of Mr. Quizzleton, aided by the black police, came to my rescue. Explanations followed, my wounds were bound up, and the troopers persuedthe darkies to the deepest recesses of the scrub. Blood was shed on that occasion, and the mourning of their females at stations far distant, plainly testified how prompt had been the administration of justice. My story was soon related to my preservers, and they eagerly sought for the body of the insane wretch, who had so far forgotten the laws of hospitality as to endeavour to murder me during my sleep. His attack had failed only in consequence of my awakening and the opportune arrival of the aboriginals, who, though foes, were perhaps less base than this vile creature. They found him minus his head, and buried his remains a few feet below the surface of the sandy soil near the hut. I have little more to relate, my wounds, with care, soon healed, and the flocks were removed from the spot, which we named, "Murderer's Gully;" the station has long since changed hands, and there are few aboriginals there to molest any one now. On the conclusion of the stockman's story, I felt myself called upon, as the originator of the scheme, to add my morsel of adventure to the general stock. "I cannot promise," I remarked, "that the incidents I am about to relate will be as exciting as those told by our worthy host, and the gentleman who has just concluded. Their's were struggles for life with a hand to hand foe—mine proves that we often tread very close upon the confines of the invisible world without the least idea of our peril. My adventure was remarkable enough to cause it to be stamped upon my memory, while I possess such a faculty, and in order to fix it in yours if it is worth retaining, I will call it 'The Face at the Window.' " [' The Face at the Window," will appear in our next.] 