T lE FACE AT THE WINDOW. to obl As I remarked, we without loubt often p have Death close at hand-even laying his bony finger on our elbow--without being of aware of hiis presence and onr danger. of Sometimes this fact is proved to us in a very p odd manner-even years after it may have ,E happened-and it is witl, reference to an d; incident or rather a thrieerepeated incident, w of this kind, that I am about to speak. a, Some years ago, business took me to the old cc seaport town of Whitby, in the North Rid ing of Yorkshire, mcplace which is in some tI degree, connected vwith Australian history, tl inasmuch as it was the town in which Cap tain Cook-of illustrious memory-was first e apprenticed to the sea, and imbibed those a nautical ideas which eventually led to the discovery of New South Wales. I need not f enter into dry details of business matters as o to how and shy I was there, sufflce it that 1 I was heartily sick of walking about the II quays, watching the arrival and departure of a the dim dingy and colliers, looking at the , sea breaking against the east pier, and some- o thing wandering in the shadow of the ancient h abbey whose high position overlooks the a town. The time at length arrived at which t I was to meet my friend-the time but not I the man--and as the hours sped by, and I , had nothing but the driving wind and the ticking of the clock to listen to,T paced the a well lighted hotel parlor impatiently euough. f It was Christmas eve-a bitter, cheerless December night, as far as outward weather was concerned-and I waa anxious to catch I the early morning train, to convey me to my own comfortable family circle. At last my friend arrived and shaking the snow from his overcoat, excusedi his want of punctuality on account of the tempestuous weather. We sat together, conversing for some time after business matters were con cluded; and as he rose to go, I went to the a window to see the state of the night. As I drew back the curtain, my eyes instead of t encountering the two famuliar lines of irre gular architelture, for which Whitbhy is wel known, rested, on what !-a pallid, ghostly i, human face', pressed aaainst the gk.a?s and staring fiil into mine! I dropped the cur- y tain and started back with a beating heart N and an ejaculation that canuserd my friend to c enquire, laughingly, whether I had " seen a ghost?" " o:nething rery like one," I a muttered. "Do you know. Harry when Ilf loaked out a minute aco, I had a man's face I within an inch of my own " " Ha, ha!" laughed my companion, "Don't you know a the effect of looking into the dark street c from a well lighted room ? You saw your own reflection, my friend." I shookl my head. "Not a bit of it. it was beardless, and t Pale, and-" " not at all handsome--so that I it coluldn't possibly be a fae simile of your own !i understand your vanity, my boy,' roared my nompanion! "but even if so, it was no doubt soee unlucky coon, trying to get a glimpse of the warmth he couldn't get I outside without having it entered in a land lord's bill." I confess the incident, simple as it was made a. great impression on my mind and not until morning came, and I was whirling homewards that it was dispelled. On Christ. 1 mas night, whan the mirth of the happy season rang cut its fall peal of peace and good fellowship, and our fun grew fa~t and furious, 1 again thoughtl of the cff'air, and laughingly relatedr it to the assembled com pany. I'll just repent the whc.le thing in action," I said st pping to the casement. " I held the curtain aside, so !" Good Heaven! "here, glancing in at the window of my own parlor, wias the identic:l face I had seen on the previous nighit at W1,ithb! 'Phe circum stance now becan to as~uime a serious aspect; either I was the victim of some optical delusion, such as we read recordled in !ir D Brewster's letters on " Natural M?agic," or somebody fo~r a mysterions purpo;n of his own, ha:d i, under a complete system of espionage. M\y friend, Dr Brandf, w, h wa.s of the company, gave me a nrmedical inspection, and declared my state of healthi to be such as entirely put the first proposition out. of the pale of probability, and opined tihat, lie its purpose what it might, a face of flesh and blood had watched lme on both occasions. I am not a nervous man, and if actu:al danger is to be faced, t can meet it, I think, with the ealimness bef ting a tru.e i:an; but here. wan sometbin:i wh-ich. with all the danger of the natural, wI s ;oedl to the mnysteriousness of t:he n a I could not hring my foe i;o tihe "tlu of war," but went nahout like a second ii nnomes, wi;th a hair suspended sword above ,Iy inead, liable to fli at any momnent. T rew low spirited, and dejected -especially when on a third occasion the same incidentr, took phie, at a scene far re moved from bothi the others. Then, indeed, it seem:ed like a thri:-e given warning of impendind anl;amit . In acquired , di.?alr:!eale habit of darting suspicious g ancrs at oni; of t!he war corners as ifs pimr of cyes weIe wat fi ng me from I thence. I had aln uncomtfortabhl feeiing of ieinm lgooked after andl noted, and as to winI dows, I scarcely da'red to liftl a blind by ni.ght' or dlay. ,rherever I went, wh:atever I did, i t;hat tihe-- stern and ghastly-haunted me. I saw it in my waking hniurs, and in my (lreanms, . ster.n aveng'er of some wrong I could inot remenmber having cc, ::tnitted. Some two years after tho third appearanceo I left England for Australia, and by that t:imu the face of my mysterious visitor was but a shadow of the pastI . Whist passing ileng a street of the city in which I had tI;ken up my residencea policeman touched mny arm, and requested my attendanoe as jnror at an inquest. Thie deceased had been tound muirhered;shot through the heart, and the perpetrator of the deed was in cus todv. In fact the inquest was a mere matter of fotbrm, the prisoner fully acknowledging his guilt. It was the same old, old story, of mnan's villany and woman's shame. Three years ago the dead man had been the star of fashionable circle, in which hlie had been in troduced to the sister of thIe prisoner. The man lying stifl' andl stark before us, with all the evidences ofa bad life, and violent death staring from his distorted face, had then been known ias nlv VYaughan; who might in the supremacy of his accoamnlishments and attractive power, have ofiered his hand to some doxen ]:laies of beauty, fortune, and 'itle without fear of refusal, Bmt sparing to takeofthase, thle " ione owi ]bui'" of this mnan-now ai prisoner, lithen a clerk in America-fell a victim Itearl broken and eeti.ute, she had onl? time before her death to send her brother a note imploring his Itl blessing on her memory and. enclosing a ai photograph of him in whom she had trusted and been es cruelly deceived. P And now comes the strange developement rE of m7 otherwise sober story. In the pocket e: of the prisoner was found this identical b photograph, which singular to relate, bore a remarkable resemblance to myself. The a distnrted features of the dead could not so it well be traced, but everybody in the room P acknowledged the resemblance between the C carte-de-visite and myself. And the prisoner tl -who was he? The face was none other t than the face at the window, seen by me on fi three separate occasions. a The unfortunate man recognised me, and I explained that on first lauding at Whitby, to f avenge his sister's honor, he had seen me h walking up the irregularly paved streets, and f felt convinced that I was identical with the original of the photograuh. That he watched me through the window of the hotel; that he got into one of the rear carriages of the same train that conveyed me home, and watched on Christmas night as I sat by my own fireside. Again on the third occasion his was the self same patient watching face, and each time his finger was on a pistol trigger, which, that inscrutable Providence "which shapes ends rough, hew them as we .will," kept him from pulling, until, fortu' nately for me, he discovered his mistake, and getting on the right track, left England for Australia in Dursuit of his victim. 