THE TOILERS OF THE ANTIPODES. A SOCIETY SENSATION NOVELETTE. Chapter the Last. Jonah Jtechvwus. Fashionable Wedding. Happy Despatch, Through many nights and days Angelina lay insensible, and still in her half- waking dreams she seemed to see her drowndead lover not now with appalling aspect, but with tender mien, which confirmed | the love that, dawning in remorseful hours of loneliness and deser- | tion, had oft prompted her to wish she " hadn't been and done it, " j At length Miss Wiggins recovered her five senses, but for a while | fulfilled the invalid's gruelly, sleepy, doctor-bored existence. Yet i day by day came bouquets and tender tokens from an unknown I hand, and at last a billet-doux, writ in a well-known fist. Angelina, sweetissimost and dearest, — When I was within your reach you would not love me, in hate you tried to drown me. In vain. I did not sleep beneath the briny, but swam to shore, and in disguise as man or ghost, ventriloquist or medium, have watched your every move. Not e'en salt water could quench my love, so I ! have worked to win you, knowing that the words 4 too late ' were love's most sure awakener, and that when haunted by his shadow, you might learn to long for the substantial lover. Your conscience aided my plans, and when, as consulting doctor, I listened to your ; delirium, I knew my best revenge was worked. Angelina, will you j marry your repentant, loving, embodied | " Apollo Jonar." i j Again a wedding was proclaimed within the halls of Wiggins, j Again the sewing machines were whirring, and matrimonial hopes were shining, for Angelina was tow ed her stout, unghost-like Jonar. I The morning came. Like April clouds the furbelowed bridesmaids j fluttered, like rising suns the faces of cooks did shine, and in white sticking plaster the fair bride was arrayed. I They drove to church gleaming with cauliflower bouquets and j favors, and in face of the assembled populace, each groomsman car- I ried off his bridesmaid, or scrambled for the prettiest. ! A rustling of silks, a waving of feathers, gossip and giggling in the house of prayer, for none seemed to recollect, that in a sacred edifice they awaited the sofe??i?iization of a holy ordinance. At last there was a whisper, "she comes, she comes !" A buzzing a straining of eyes, and scrambling for places, as the bride walked up the aisle, with her bridesmaids following in sweet disorder No ; opposing spectre now forbade the banns, for the ghost himself was i bridegroom, and while the bride sobbed and spoilt her pretty eyes j the knot was tied by the parson and the curates who assisted to j make it doubly firm. j Then came the deafening clash of bells, the wild drive home and unpacking of gorgeously apparelled guests. Now, an awful pause, relieved by handling of the presents, and at last the breakfast was announced. Two and two they marched to the assault of chickens, hams, and bridecakes. Gobble, gobble for a, while, whispered flirtations between the attendant nymphs and swains, a crash of bonbon fireworks, and then the healths and speeches. The best man rose to propose the health of the bride. ! 11fc keiDg accustomed to public speaking he got upon his legs ; reluctantly— no, with great pleasure, though he didn't feel very safe upon them being unaccustomed (nudge from friend, " said that : before, old fellow, ) well, he proposed to toast the bride, feeling sure ! that every man with the heart of an ancient Briton would be happy to accede to his prop- prop— proposition. The lady was lovely and accomplished, and so he felt sure would make a useful— he meant j ornamental— wife to his friend who stood in the melan— a— a —inte resting position of bridegroom. As he looked at the red eyelids drooping beneath the matrimonial veil, his feelings overcame him i Si fortitude to the poor — a — a happy young couple, j The bridegroom begged to return thanks, and as he and his lovely bride had done much to-day, he hoped the company woiild excuse his saymg but little now. The " father" was then drunk, and with much difficulty uplifted his heavy person and faltering voice. This was the happiest day of his life, a day which he had looked forward to ever since he had found himself the anxious, happy father of six daughters. The day had been long coming. He had feared that owing to having been hastily deprived of her Ma, his bereaved daughter would have found it difficult to manage her own affairs, but after many vicissitudes she Here the old gentleman for got his 44 committed " speech, and subsided abruptly. Next the 44 bridesmaids " were on the tapis, and the shivering and youngest bachelor nervously grasped the table and uprose. He — he — he — haw — haw — he — haw — with great pleasure — I am called upon to propose to — of — from — the bridesmaids — he — haw. Oh ! with these few remarks I beg leave to retire. These interesting proceedings over, the bride left the table to pre-' pare for her wedding trip to Manly Beach. Another awful pause, a re-appearance, a cannonade of feminine kissing, sobs, good-byes, old shoes, and then away. An hour afterwards a lady and gentleman stood on the deck of the Manly Beach steamer. As they passed the Sow and Pigs they saw a black object perched on the smallest pig. Upward, upward rose the tide — lower, lower sank the object, till only a naval cap appeared above the waters. 'Twasthe Clio captain who, for love of Angelina, had suicided himself in true Victor Hugo fashion, and hidden his despair beneath the briny ocean. Tableau Vivant. Angelina and Apollo standing hand in hand in the centre. On the right and left, the unloving and loving couples Blacker and Fitznoodle. Divers despairing suitors in the background, enlivened by a gouty father and four remaining sisters, whose long petticoats and histories have yet to come. Distant view of talk-exhausted M.L. A. maniacs and suicidiacs, seen through the blue lights of Sydney sensation alism. So with best bow to the patient public, having fulfilled the object of existence in happy match, or, happier still, despatch, the Toilers of the Antipodes retire from Punch's stage. (Where is the shower of bouquets ? Curtain drops.) « 