NOTES AND NEWS. I The Enolisii Mail.— The steamer with tho I English mail will be. due at-' Adolaido on Tuesday; I but it may arrive to-morrow or. oil Monday. The Ijupport wo hare 'hitherto: mot with in- issuing r<'ExtrnordinJriea-,r;htis- _not,;wo rogrot-tostato, bccn.cf a natural to iiuluco us to continue thom. " TliooiUlfty: ! for the telegrams oloiie since the outbreak of the war lias been couidcrable, much moro than a country journal can atlbrd. Wo hare, in tho hopo of being enabled to issue a summary of the news each month with as little loss as possible, made a small jdiargc for tho slips, but many of our town subscribers hare shown an unwillingness to pay it, probably because of the fact thnt the moro diQ'uso telegrams" of other journals baring in tho cremng been brought by post. In the crcnt, therefore, of the English rarul arriving to-morrow or on Monday, no "Extraordinary" will .be issued from tliis office ; but if it should come on I Tuesday, too late to bo transmitted by that day's ! post, one will bo published, and may be obtained nt this office) for which the usual charge of sixponco will be made. An opportunity will thus bo afforded of forwarding the intelligence to tbo far ulterior on Wednesday rooming, it is earnestly hoped thnt the-: incoming mail will bring word of peaco baring been proclaimed, and an cad put to tho frightful carnage and sae'riOco of hitraan lives that lias existed for nearly six roontlis. The latest dates represented that the bombardment of Boris liad- bcon in progross I for ten ,dars, and tlmt buildings bad been injured in I tho vicinity of tho Pantheon and tho Palace of I Luxembourg by tbo Arc of tlio Prussians. Tlmt was I to the 28rd Januarr. Tlio next telegraphic intelli- genee will probably bo to the 20th or 2ist Fobrunry. Electoral Roll.— Tho court for revising the elcctoral roll of this portion of the Northern Downs will be held at the Court House, Dalby, on Saturday, the 8th April. The revision at Condamine will be held on the 17th April. The revision of the Maranoa electoral roll will bo held at Roma on Wednesday, tho 26th April ; and for the Leichbardt, at Tarooro, on Tuesday, the 18tb of the same month, St.Patbick'sDat.— Tliercare- indtcnfionsthnt I the festivities on Friday next in honor of St. Patrick, | will be more" than usually attractive. In addition to 1 tho promised dauces and other merry-makings, there : ! arc to be races on tho course, and to those persons who feel disposed to lake a short trip out of town, Mr. Flood, of Spring Crook, offers an attractive pro gramme. The, announcements of tlio various sports will bo found in oar advertising columns. Tjie sum of £-190, balance of loan for tho providing of nn increased water supplyfor this town has been placed to tbe credit of the corporation by the Colonial- Treasurer. It is the intention of tho aldermen to proceed with the fcncing-in of tho tlio water reserve as won ns possible, and also with the erection of the Blackall Dam, which is to bo placed near tho Pound. us soon ns any of thojilons submitted haro been approved by. the engineer. — - ' CrxsTXGiTAir Street.— Considerable progress has I been made during the present week iu riie prepare 1 tory work towards tho metalling of the above Impor tant main thoroughfare.. _ A.numbcr_of men (princi pally "Dalby roen;".wc"are "glad to slcarii)" ah> now employed excavating and putting in culverts across that portion of tho street near tho railway station, and a number of smoller ones arc to bo lniaj A lnrcp quantity of tho. etone.for-the pitching and metalling has also been brought up. by" train, the carting and depositing of which along tue thorough fare will, we understand,, commence in a day or two. I it is t he intention of the Government Engineer to metal one side of the street first, so that thcro need bo no interruption to tho traffic, nud when- that is finished to commence witli tho other.' It is expected tho whole will bo completed in d month or six'wocks. J Haymaking is now being energetically carried on, and stacks for winter feed roav be seen going up in almost all parts of tho town. Exporicnco has shown I that during tlio last three or four years at least one I lmystack has been burned in tho year, and property en dangered. Under these circumstances it mav bo woll to remind personsintcrosted tlfdttliobye-lnwr'egulating thestorago ofhny has been sanctioned and published, and is now in force. That live-law provides that no. stuck shall be orectcd within 30 feet of- any. building, I and bofore ono is erected anywhere written notice must be given to tho Town Inspector. ' The monthly Land Court will be held at the Court House_on "Wednesday next. A great number ojf applications liavo been sent in, and tho commis sioner will, no doubt, havo a bpsy timo of it. Tlio. business of this Court has greatly increased during tho last few months, and—it is almost absolntelv nccL'SBary that tho Land Agent should obtain assist nnoo. tor some timo print lid lins only boon onablcd to uncharge Uio onorous. duties of tho two offices by working considerably niter ofllco hours— in some inslnncos fur into the night. An uddilioiinl clerk mny bo required for n short time only ; tlioro need bo no difficulty in withdrawing him when tho rush of i ousiuoss is ovor. 1'nE reported discovery of gold in 'West iroreton lias nltreetoil soitio iitlenlion lirrc, nnd two or tlireo persons havo loft Dnlby for Ilio Held, nllliough 110 I iidclhgcnco ims boon received of niivnlluviuldiseovery of.jjiioincnt, or indeed of any sort. Tonwoomhn is i also ull alive about tho affair, and iu tho event of a " find' being reported, d rush will be suro to take place. Wednesday's D./A OasetU law tho following, tis-fho.Iafcst intelligence and rumors up to that lime: — Stworal mincw from tho Eskdulo gold-field lmvb rsitod tho town during thn last throe or four days, and on Sunday evening last a vorv strong part v of prospectors loft, tlio town under tlio guidance and I management of one of our sporting publumtiA and a hnoinbor-of tho Municipal Council. The party were not, wo understand, bound upon a fool's crmml, but aeling-cntfrolr upon private information, tlio sub stance of which wo can only Rurmi-e for the present ; but wo havo been favored with the assurance that ' if tho digchigs aro worth anything at all wo shall know all about it." Yesterday- morning a miner 'named Richard Snrugo applied at tlio Bolico Mugis- trato'H otllco for Ihroo miners' rights, and from tho information afforded by that gentlonian woaro enabled to state that tho diggings aro situbtc on that portion of the Eskflfdo run which borders on Emu Creek, and that by the Crow's Nest track they are not more I thiin forty '.uiiltis fronmToowooinba; " The "poor man s ground has not yet boon discovered, but great hopes aro cntcrtuined that tho "olluvini" is I nut very far distant.. Tho roofs aro von extoiiFivo, and show well for tlio machines, but.tho diggers aro at a toss for any reliublo means of testing tho real vuluo oi the (juart/. alrcudr on tho mass. Tho number of men on the grouud on Sunday was ubout one hundred ami fifty | School of Auts. — A mooting of tho members of tho Dalby School of Aria was held on "Wednesday night, for. tho purposo of taking into consideration llic ndrisability of removing tho building to a moro emircnient or control site. Thoro n very small; attendance, not, moro than a dozen porsous being present. Dr. Howlin, vico-presidont of tho in>titu- tion, presided, and iuiutroduciug the business, ex pressed regret that tho attemlanco was not larger, the question thoy had mot to dooido being one of great importnnco to tho members.— Tho Rev. Mr. ICirby proposed tho il rat" resolution, but before, doing , so said .the question of removing tho building had been under the consideration' of tho committee for some lime. Certain persons 'wero in: favor of its removal to tho rcservout the bottom of Stewart-street, j behind Mrs. Gibson's, while certain other persons j thought thoro wcro other' sites fur moro convenient, I and-siiggiwtod-6onie-,nlaec-uearthebrid(!e in-Dmvum-- stiwt. it was suggested tlmt eithor thocndoftlu bridge near Coldits place, or on the bank between the big bridgo and tho llltlo one, ou tho samo fide ofl)rnvlon-8trect as Mrs. Pickering's Iiouso, would be suitable places, and many persons were in favour of the latter. Nearly ovcry ono admitted, that the building ' was now out of thaway, and it wns found that to go to tho School of Arts involvod a spciinl errand, whereas thoy wanted it so placed that it should bo in tho way, and could, bo dropped intent miy timo. There wero several good footpaths iuw in tho town, although not many, none, in fucty near tho building, and -tho difficulties attendant upon a joumoy wore found to miUUto noinst tho progress of tho institution. The imputa tion of the town at tho present tiino was about thrco times as great as when tho institution- 'was first" started, but it was found that tho number of members was only about tlio same as at tho beginning, and amongst those woro doubtloss scvorat persons who looked upon it as a public duty to support 'the School oi Arts. 'Alio want of progress was uoubtlcis at tributnblc to a largo extent to tbo manner in which tho library was kept — no books having been pur chased during tho lost three years. They wanted to rcuioro the building to somo place where people were accustomed to cojigrogato- Public housei bnd their uses, but it was desirable to give pcopie ah opportunity of meeting together in a place where intoxicating liquors — which were founa sometimes to bo injurious — wcro not retailed. It was alio ad visable to make the reading-room moro comfortable, and a separate room should bo provided for chat, whero niombors could smoke and convorso without inconveniencing other membor9 who wcro leading. Under these circumstances it was considered advis- nblo to remove the building to a more eligible lite. He moved, therefore, tlmt if a site could be secuied, and not too much oxponsc incurred, that the bulding be removed. — Secouded by Mr. Francis. — Mr. H.Wnght said ha liad been informed that Mr. Enstaugiffohad offered £100 for tho building ou coudition that it was not removed, and that -ho was prepared to toko the ground upon which it stood on lease for twenty vears, paying a rental of £1 a year. It appeared .to him that it would cost nearly £100 to reanvo the building, and' it would bo better to ocotpt Mr. EustaugbiUe's offer, and build auother plum. Ho moTed, as an amendment, that the offer be scccptod. .—Tho Rev. Mr. Kirby pointed out that thoy had no power to sell, and could not do so withoutrthe con sent of the trustees, (of whom Mr. Sidnoj, now in England was one), and tho sanction of the Governor in council. — The amendment was not sccotdcd. nnd thoOhairmau suggested tlmt it would bo woll, boforo deciding to reinove the building, to ascertain whether the falling off in members wns owing to tlo building being whero it now is, or because of tho state' of the libnuy. It was so longsinco any books' liad been purchased, and those already in the librarj- bnd been rood so often, that no interest was felt in tie institu tion. Ho thought if a sum of monoy woro judi ciously expended in books, that tho institution would be better supported. The building was not so far distant from any part of the town, but that any member could reach it in a walk of ton minutes. Tho question was a veiy important one, and ouglit tb bcT denlfc witli by a larger meeting. There wcro lome sixty members belonging to the institution, but thcro wero only about one-sixth of that number present.— Dig motion was then put and passed.- On tlio motion of Mr. Slaughter, seconded by tho Rev. Mr. Kirby, it was resolved that the building should be romoved to tho 3ito betweon tho two bridges in Dray ton-sfcrcct < tho cost not to exceed £-10, and . tho building to I rest upon piles seren feet high.— Tho Rev. Mr. Kirby said that there was a balaiico of about £9 owing on tho building, and as it was not improbablo that a further sum might bo borrowed without in curring Uio cost of another mortgage deed, ho moved that tbe sum of £60 bo borrowed from tho present mortgngco if possible- By borrowing £60, they might expend £20 in books, and that would uo doubt bo a reproductive expenditure.— Seconded by Mr. Knight and carried. — On tlio motion of Mr. Slaughter, seconded by Mr., .Palmer, the carrying out of' the arrangements wero placed in the lmnas of a sub committee, consisting of tho following persons Messrs.-Francis,— WrightrKirbyi-Wilunmsonj-nnd- Jcssop, a motion that it bo referred to the general comniittce being negatived.— A vote of tbauks to the Chairman concluded the proceedings. A meeting of tho School_of_Arla_ooranuttco_was_ hold on Wednesday night. Dr.Howlin, vice- president, in the clrnir, Tho business was not of a very important nature. Mr. R. D. Adam, who is leaving the district, sent in his resignation, which was accepted, a vote of thanks being unanimoiiBlr nassed to the rcLirinf com. uiittemau for his zealous and successful efforts in forwarding tho interests of tlio institution and tho Drdmatio Club therewith connected. 'Mr. Francis was appointed to fill the vacancy. Mr. Sp'riggs, who is leaving Dalby to attend to' important family affairs, and may bo absent for soma timo, also ten dered bis resignation, and Mr. P. Hughes was apiwintcd in his stead. It was arranged that all periodicals procured in this colony should bo obtained from Mr. Black, bookseller, of Dtuby, but that several of tho English papers should contiuuo to bo supplied by-London agents. Mahanoa Ton? Clctr Races. — Tlio above races are announced to come off at Roma on tho 6th and 7th of Juno. Tho programme is a really attractive ono, not lcss tlmn £330 being given iu addod money, which is divided in a most judicious manner. Tho principal raco is tho" Roma Handicap, to be run on tho second day, the prize being £100. Tho Hurdle Race is for £50 ; Hack Hurdle, .£20 ; Maiden Plato, £501 tho Shorts £25; Trial Stakes, £20; and tlio Corinthian £30, besides hack races and huriy scurries for smaller sums. The Romans aro the first in the I field with their programme, nnd wo hopo tlmt thoy | wilt secure an excellent lot of horses to contest for I their very liberal prizos. 0 - — Persons interested nro reminded that tho rents or instalments, on tho lnnds selected in accordance with the provisions of tlio Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1868 must bo mud oil Op hofni-n llm M i of I instant. — Pcuucans Licenses. — Tho nnminU licensing meeting will be held on the third Tuosdny in April. a great many hotelkecpors who Imvo hold licenses for a considerable time thiuk, and with justice too, that (I simple notice 'of their intention to apply forarcnowal published In the newspapers is all tho law requires, and they hove therefore followed the proctico tor tho last few years. At tho last annual lioensing meeting, held on tho 19th of April, 1870, howoror, tho Police Magistrate, Fpenking concerning, these noticos, snid that a largo nuinborof noticos which hod been pub lished in Uie papers were not in accordance witli tho Acl, or anything approaching it. They merely stated nn intention to apply for a license, but tho notice was not addressed to anylxxly, and for tho future tho Bench would not accept such notices. iJio law of . the mutter, according to tbe Publicans Act of 1803, which has ncvor been repealed, is m follow : — " ICrery person desiring to obtaiu a liconse under this Act shall, onor before the hist Tuesday in Murch, if tho application is to, ho: made ut tho unnual licensing meeting; and if at any monthly special session for licensing, shall on or before, tho third Tuesday of tho noxt preceding month, deliver to. tlio' Olrek of Petty ..cinions for tho district within which such lieonso is to bo exercised, a notico in writing of his intention reapply for tho saino in tho form of tho rcspcctivo schedules hereto, marked A1 or Bl, ncoording-loj-lie description of such license required, suoh notico in cluding all tho particulars purported to bo thoretn respectively contained j ami shull also publish a copy f such notico three several times in two public news- paper published in or nearest to tlio town or pluco iu which such license i to bo exercised."— Cottrter, We observe from tho looul journal thatjit a meet j ing of tho Dalby Municipal Council, held ou Thursday I last, a letter was read Jrom the Brisbane committee I relative to tho intended Blackall momoriol, requesting I tho oo- oporatiou of tlio CounciL Somo convoreatiou took place, from tho tenor of whioli it seems tlmt tho aldermen agreed that it was duo to tiiodignitv of I Dalby thnt-tho'townshouldharo a momoriol of its I own of tlio lato Governor, and not bo dictated to by. Brisbano. Tlio Mayor suggostod a plan of carrying i j out the object which was a lioppy combination of I clegutioo nud ocouomy. Ho projioswl tjiat a lately.- I coustruetcil public work, of wbich tho Coritorotion nro justly proud, should bo calletl tho "Blackall | Daiu." This happy ' thought was enthusiastically adopted by nil of tho aldermen, with tho oxeoption of I ono in whoso mind tho impression still lingered that a bettor memorial of tho Governor would J bo a monmnontsurmouuting-tho corporation pump I about to bo orcotcd. Tho principal objectionj to. .tho Mayor's plan strikes us ns being I _thot_tho-niention of _tlio Blackall J)am_nniongat_l strangers might giro riso to misappreiicnsious. They ! Ulicht make the mistake of taklm? tbe eznressien for I I n new form of imprecation peculiar to tho Northern I Downs. However, both tho plans possess a certain I amount of nldcrmnnio grnccfulnoss and ingenuity of I coneoption ; and thnt of tho Mayor has tho addi- j tional udvantago of costing nothing. — Courier Tho. j nboro does not contain a correct summary of our j report. Tlio proposal relative to- tlio " Blackall j Dam" wns not mode by tho Mayor at all ; nor is tho; j "lately-constructed publio work" to bo namod after I our lato estimablo Governor, but ono yet to bo j commenced. Of tho gracefulness of tho ooncoption wo will say nothing, although somotliing might bo urged on thnt ground. As to our memorial costing , nothing, we mny state thnt tho pcoplo horo have I Jiitft now too many other and moro importaut claims I upon their purses to attend to memorials got up merely to decorato Brisbane.— Ed. ' The NoRrn.— A telegram, dated tho 2nd instant, I from Towusville, states that tho Commissioner of j Police has started from that place for Ravcnswood. j Several nuggets and 200 oz. of cold haro come in I j from Oxloy Creek. Now roofs havo boon discovered on tho Star Rivor, fifty miles west of Townsrillo. Good accounts havo boon received, aud a rush is j probablo.— Courier. j A new arrirol by tlio Storm King, named Olcgg, attempted to commit suicido on Thursday.' Ho entered a butcher's shop whfio the attendants woro nb?onfc, and made tho attempt with a butcher's I knife, seriously injuring himself. Ho was conveyed to tho hopitah j ( Copperfield on Pat-day.— Havo you ever beon in Copperfield on pay-day P If not, go there — unless you belong to a total abstinonco society ; in which j caso you will not find much cause for congratulation j at any time in the mining township, still less on pay- day. Of all things, tho most striking is tlio readiness and activity with which tho cup that inobriates is circulated. Tho publicans, in most cases with tho help of a violin or concertina, reap their monthly i harvest. Thoy are the only peoplo in tho town who I 'do not. "shout" to-day. Throe public-houses greot J yon as you ontor the town. In each of them is a crowd of men — all talking at once and inclined to bo quarrelsome. An occasional fight enlivens tho pro ceedings, and blood flows freely. There are three moro publics a littlo further on. Tho feroalo portion of the community occupy the stores. These establish- 1 xnents surpass everything of their kind north of I Dawes' Runjjo. Fine commodious buildings, bril- j liantly illuminated, sot off tho goods and tho faironos I that ore inspecting them. On this day tlio month's I AM tftnq/l ftlT Allfl Mlrt ./inn.'. It nn .i I. I I opened. The black list of bolters may roiso a cloud I upon ln's brow, but it is gotting shorter every month. I Tho employes on tho mine aro daily becoming a steadier and moro settled class, and though there is. always a considerable numbo? of loafers and other bad characters blocking about, tho company has no longer to depend upon them for ordinary labor ob it once had to do. Tho rising generation musters in such force, that it is clear that tho now school will bo well filled, and the population kopt dp. The i ' place is all aliro till nearly midnight, by which timo nU but tho rowdy ones have retired. These men will I work hard 'till next pay-day, when thoy will repeat tlio ceremony. Pay- day finally concludes on tho following Monday in tlio Clermont Polico Court — JPeak Voicns Telearam. I Raixwav Extension.— Privntcly wo (Rockhamplon Bulletin) learn that both parties in our metropolitan political world havo agreed to a policy of " comple tion," as applied to tho railway system of tho colony. The Opposition it is alleged, will bo satisfied with the connection of Brisbano and Ipswich by tho iron rail ; j nnd tho Ministry, urged ou by thoir supporters, arc said to have yielded the point on tho condition that I " completion' shall mean also an extension of tho liorthorn line to tlio point of Expedition Range— tho terminus indicated in Mr. Mocolister's first railway scheme. Ratenswood Goldpield. — Tho latest intolli- j gonco from this northorn gold field is of tho most J cheering description as regards tlio richness of tho reefs. The Miner sayss — Iu mining matters this J month lias been a very prosperous ono on Ravens- I jrood, and wo bclicvo no other reefing district con hsbow tbo samo average yiold from tho crnshings tlmt havo taken place. During tho month 1-186 tons of j I qiiartz_wcro crushed, tho returns from which wero I 4914ozs. lGdwtB. 3.2gra., or a fraction over 3ozs. Cdwts. j to tho ton. This must bo considered satisfactory, j and more than satisfactory, and speaks volumes for tho wealth of tho district. Tho magnificent return from tho General Grant prospecting claim (2000ozs. from 230 tons of stone) speaks for itsolf, and requires no comment on our part. There is considerably more j unfitness in mining matters, and work lias beon j carried on with greater vigour during tho month. The excellent returns from tho Wost of-Englaml prospecting claim (7ozs. 1 -kiwis, to tho ton) and the Goldon Point prospecting claim (15ozs. 16dwts. to I the ton), situated at tho Eight-mile, havo greatly and justly elated recf-ownors in tlmt locality. Tlio popu lation has been considerably added to, and a good number aro out prospecting in tho neighbourhood. I These wore the first crnshings from tho reefs at tho ; Eiht- mile, and tho result must be considered most | satisfactory. Tho stono was doubtless picked, but I even then the returns aro oxcellcnfc. Wo hear that a machine will soon bo placed there, and wo bolievo it will bo an oxccllout speculation, or rather invest ment, for wo do not think thoro is much speculation about tho matter. Tiierb is nt present in Brisbane a gentleman named Chapman who gives entertainments at which ho Informs very wonderful feats, in referring to which tho Erpreee says i— A new feature, "The man in tho sack. full of ghosts, was introduced. Mr. Oliapman being handcuffed with a small pair of hondcufis, tho koy Doing kept by a gontloman in tho audionce, got into tho sack, tho moutli of which was tiod up and sealed. He was then placed on an elevation on tho i platform, surmountod with somo drapery ; ho not I only succeeded in getting out of tho sack, but took j his coat and vest ofi'. Ho then camo down, unsacked, j the hnndcuflU wm-n b# ill fxai «n,i .A.i n i. I r : — 7 — — — —-«» "« btiu nvui uu mo DUCK was unbroken, nor wos thoro any rent in tho saok. Tho thing was very well done. 