THE COVETOUS FERRYMAN OF C0ND0H BRIDGE. In a singularly curious, although probably fabulous tract, the building of St. Mary Overie's Church, in Southwark, and of the first London Bridge, is attributed to the daughter of John Overs, who rented of the city a ferry across the Thames at this spot, and thus grew rich, by which means his daughter was enabled to con struct the church and the bridge, whilst Overs lost his life by his own covetousness. Though he kept several servants and apprentices, be was of so parsimonious a soul that, notwithstanding he possessed tin estate equal to that of the best aldermen of London, acquired by unceasing labor, frugality, and industry, yet his habits and dwelling were both strangely expressive of the most miserable poverty. He had an only daughter, 'of a beautiful aspect,' says the tract, 'and a pious disposition, whom lie had care to see well and liberally educated, though at tbe cheapest rate ; and yet so^ that when she grew ripe and mature for ruarriage, he would suffer uo mm of what condition or quality soever, by his goodwill, to have any sight of her, much less access to her.' A young gallant, however, who seems to have thought more of being the ferryman's heir than his son-in-law, took the opportunity, while he was engaged at the ferry, to be admitted into her company. 'The first interview,' says the story, ' pleased well, the second better, the third concluded the match between them.' ' In all this long interval, the poor silly rich old ferryman, not dreaming of any such passages, but thinking all things to be as secure by land as he knew they were by water,' continued his former wretched and penurious course of life. To save the expense of one day's food in his family, he formed a scheme to feign himself dead for twenty -four hours in the vain expectation that his servants would, out of pro priety, fast until after his funeral. Having pro cured his daughter's consent to this plot, even against her better nature, he was put into a sheet and stretched out in his chamber, having one taper burning at bis head and another at his feet, according to the custom of the time. When, however, his servants were informed of his decease, instead of lamenting they were over joyed, and, having danced round the body, they broke ODen his larder and fell to banauetine. The ferryman bore all this as long, and as much like a dead man as he was able, ' but when he could endure it no longer,' says the tract, ' stir ring and struggling in his sheet, like a ghost with a candle in each hand, he purposed to rise and rate 'em for their sauciness and boldness ; when one of them, thinking that the devil was about to rise in his likeness, being in a great amaze, caught hold of the butt-end of a broken oar which was in tbe chamber, and, being a sturdy knave, thinking to kill the devil at the first blow, actually struck out his brains.' It is added that tbe servant was acquitted, and the ferryman made accessory and cause of his own death. The estate of Overs then fell to his daughter, and her lover hearing of it, hastened up from the country ; but in riding fast his hone stumbled, and he broke his neck on the high way. The young heiress was almost distracted at these events, and was recalled to her faculties only by having to provide for her father's inter ment ; for he was not permitted to have Chris tian burinl, being considered as an excommuni cated man on account of hu extortions, usury, and truly miserable life. The friars of Ber mondsey Abbey were, however, prevailed upon by money, their abbot being then away, to give a little earth to the remains of the wretched ferryman. But upon the abbot's return, observ ing a grave which had been recently covered in, and learning who lay there, be was not only angry with his monks for having done such an injury to the Church for the sake of gain, but he also had the body taken up again, bud on the back of his own ass, and turning the animal out of the abbey gates desired of God that he might carry him to some place where he best deserved to be buried. The ass proceeded with a gentle and solemn pace through Kent-street, and along tbe highway to the small pood once called Bt Thomas-a-Waterings, then the common place of execution, and shook off the ferryman's body directly under the gibbet, where it was put into the ground without any land of ceremony. MaryOvere, extremely distressed by such a host of troubles, and desirous to be free from the numerals suitors for her hand and fortune, re solred to retire into a doister, which she shortly afterwards did, having first provided for the building of tbe church of Bt Mary Overies, which commemorates her name. — 'Abbq/t, Ctofet. and Ancient H-dU -tf Bt&a;*dm& Writ** ByJoknTimlm. Air old shepherd, recently is tbe employment of Mr IvorySBskdale, died rather suddenly on tbe 6th instant, whOsthe was being conveyed to tbe hospital in Ipswich. It appears be tad been Bagging for about two months from what is supposed to have been chronic diaeaa* of .tbe cfawt Atrocious at Ueiuuua.- Two fres* lights have WSrniwn oB^homhle'Ba&Uei; &4- «ess, in atfemarkaHe letter«ddressed JwHer- m— u Vrat to the Frankfort Ztilung of the 87th September, and translated In the Timet, aud iu a Tetter certainly not less remarkable published in the Daily Neat, by one of its spei-ial correspondents, who had just been in vestigatiug the truth to the best of his ERwer. Herr Vocet admits the deliberate burningWthe village, but says it was the only possible means to save the Bavarians from a fearful fire poured upon them from the windows of the houses. He describes «a«es of deliberate burning on both sides, and seems to think that the savagery of the Freuch and the Bavarians was about equal, the hitter being, however, only vengeance for thefotmer. Tiie Daily Kewt correspondent s account is much- more unfavorable to tbe Ger mans. H.e says, for instance : — ' A woman of i independent means, named Ducheny, was so foully abused by the soldiers— and that phrase | is iuteuded to describe the most serious outrage ; that can be inflicted upon woman — that she died i three days afterwards. This fact was attested ] by the priest, who confessed the woman in her i dying momenta.' . . . 'In another house j two children named Dehaye, one six months and l the other eighteen mouths old, were pitched ' from the window of the house into the street by ' the Bavarians, then thrown back again into the \ house, which was set on fire, and the children burnt ; but their parents escaped. A young ? man named Rcmy, thiity-twu years of age, who had been confined to his bed for two years with a spinal complaint, was bayonet ted aud killed , as lie lav on his cuiirli. In another house a man I named Vandielet, his daughter, his brotherin law, and hi* father-in-law were fastened in the cellar and burnt to death.' Nkw Vkah's Oikts for Oaol Bibds.— The Melbourne ffnilji Telegraph says:— The friends of the convicts confined in the various prison establishments continue, in spite ot the repeated and severe pnuisiiuivnt meted out to those who are caught and convicted, to make bold attempts to convey to the prisoners tobacco and other prohibited comforts. Several noted criminals, at large, as it were, for a brief holiday, have of late been convicted of this offence, and another made his appearance before the City Bench. His name was Arthur Ilillsby, who, after serv ing a lengthy sentence, was discharged on Satur day morning last. In the evening of that day senior- turnkey Quin, observed the prisoner and several other men 'planting' some parcels under stones in a place outside the gaol where wine of the prisoners had been at work. The turnkey gave chase, and secured Hillsby, who was given in charge. On the following morning a search was made, and a quantity of toliauco, sugar, and tea was discovered, and in the parcel was the following inventory : — ' 1 lb of tea for Tom Harvey, from Fanny ; l£ lb of sugar, ditto ; twelve figs of tobacco, for'Tom Harvey ; thirteen figs tobacco, for ' Slingem Jack ;' three figs and pipe, for Billy Hall ; fifteen figs tobacco, for Jim Martin ; h lb tea, 2 lbs of sugar, and four figs tobacco, for Mickey Conroy ; six figs, for Joe Stevens. There is three lots. Tot.il, fifty-three. I/wk out on Wednesday night. Tell Conn that Mick could do nothing at present.' The parcel aiso contained a letter, «i which uic lonowing is a copy :— ' Melbourne, January 1st, 1871. ily dear micky I now take the opportunity of writen those few lines to you hoping that it will find you in good health as this leaves me at present. My dearest micky I am very sorry for you giting into this troble but it cannot be helped now. I hope you will be better for tbe time to come. I hope you will let me know if your going to pentridge so as I can take care of you. I wrote you one letter aud sent you three stumps. I am sending you a new year a gift, it is only 4 sticks tobacco half-a pound of suggarfor your homeny. I have no more to say at present so I must now conclude with remaining your true and affec tionit Loving wife Mary Ann C. Good bye and God bless you. I give you a score of kisses (a lot of crosses). I hope you will bee a good boy and not get into any more truble or you will break my heart if I here of it. I will keep true to you. There was also a tract from the 'Arrow-shot at-a- venture' series, entitled, 'The dying Irish lad,' which was enclosed with the above letter. The prisoner made no defence, and was fined £30, or in default three months in gaol. ' An Old Colonist,' writing from Perthshire to the Australasian, makes some suggestions on the subject of trying England as a market for colonial grapes. He says :— ' It is well known that the crop of European grapes is gathered in August and September ; that very large quan tities are shipped to Britain ; that they serve to supply the wants of this country till December and January following. Afterwards, those who can afford to grow them under glass, in England and Scotland, begin to supply the market, and this continues up till March and April. From September till Christmas the prices rule from 6d to Is per lb for foreign grapes, and for English grapes from 2s 6d to 6s per lb. From Christmas onwards English grapes bring from 5s to 15s per lb, according to quality, and every pound offered finds a ready market. It appears to me that a very large trade might be dune in the English market in colonial grapes, if they could be pro perly packed and forwarded by steamer. Your grapes would be, I presume, fit for curing and packing properly in January and February, and would reach the home market in March, April, and May— just the time of year when they are most scarce and dear — namely, good quality averagiig 10s per lb. If colonial shipments should arrive in good order and marketable con dition, I think it not at all unlikely that 2s 6d to 4s per lb might be obtained for a very large quantity, and therefore think the experiment worth trying on a limited scale to test the matter.' Seventeen Hiwdked Yeaks in tbe Oven. -One house adjacent had evidently been in a state of repair when the volcanic storm buried it. Painters and decoratorsandcleaners were masters of the situation. The household gods were all in disorder, and the family, if not out of town, must have been undergoing that condition of misery which spring cleanings and other like inflictions inevitably entail. Painters' pots and brushes, and workman'stools werescatteredabout. Tell tale spots of whitewash starred wall and floor. Such domestic implements as pots and kettles had been bundled upinacornerall by themselves, and the cook was nowhere. Dinner, however, had not been forgotten. A solitary pot stood simmering (if it ever did simmer) on the stove. And (start not, for it is true) there was a bronze dish in waiting before the oven, and on the dish a sucking-pig I all ready to be baked. But the oven was already engaged with its full comple ment of bread. So the sucking-pig had to wait And it never entered the oven, and the loaves were never taken out till after a sojourn of 1,700 years I They have been cooking ever since the 23rd November, A.D. 79. W. Fiorelli has them now, in iuB museum at Pompeii, SI of them, rather hard, of course, and black, but perfectly preserved. — Leintre Hour. 