CATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA. INVESTITURE OF KNIGHTS OF ST. GBEGOHY THE GREAT. Tin Sunday last an imposing ceremonv took place in St. Patrick's Cathedral, which was then witnessed for tbe first time in this colony. The solemn investiture of Dr. A. C. Brownless, Vice-Chancellor of the Melbourne University, Mr. W. H. Archer, tbe Kegistrar- G-eneral of Victoria, and the Hon. Michael O'Grady, M.P., as Knights of the Order of St. Gregory the Great, was performed by the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Lord Bishop of Melbourne. On tbe 25th of June last, His Holiness Pope Pius IX, was pleased to confer this dignity upon those gentlemen; hut tbe ceremony of investiture was delayed until after the arrival of His Lordship tbe Bishop of the diocese from Europe. The high honour, as we stated on a previous occasion, has been awarded by the Holy Father to Dr. Brownless, and Messrs. Archer and O'Grady, in recognition of their services to religion, educa' tion, and charity in this new country. Although the notice given was very short, the Cathedral was crowded by a highly respectable congregation, whicli included many prominent citizens. The ceremony, as may be supposed, was of a highly interesting nature, recalling as it did historical reminiscences of a most pleasing character. Seats had been prepared within the chancel railing facing the High Altar for the recipients of the knighthood and their attendant squires. Mr. L. S. Daniel acted as squire to Dr. Brownless, Mr. Follett, Vice-Consul for France, as squire to Mr. Archer, and Master Edward PrevOt as squire to Mr. O'Grady. At eleven o'clock the knights, who were at tired inordinary evening costume, came forth from the sacristy, attended by their squires, who bore their sword*. Then followed the ecclesiastical procession, consisting of crossbearer, supported by acolytes, altar attendants, clergy, his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, and; his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Poldiug, O.S.B., Archbishop of Sydney. Pontifical Mass was celebrated by his Lord ship the Bishop of Melbourne, the Very Rev. Dean Fitzpatrick, D.D., V.-G., acting as assistant priest. At the conclusion of the Holy Sacrifice, the Rev. William Kelly, S.J., ascended the pulpit and ' delivered an interesting and eloquent discourse suitable to the occasion, taking for his text the words from the Gospel of the day—" When a strong man armed keepeth his court, those things which he possesseth are in peace." (Luke xi.) The reverend gentleman said—For a long period subsequent to tbe fall of the Roman Empire, it was only by tbe power of the "strong man armed " that civilization, order, or religion could be maintained. In those days accordingly chivalry grew to be so much esteemed that to be pronounced the bravest knight in Christendom was considered a higher honour than to be regarded as the mightiest monarch in tbe world. Edmund Burke had lamented that the days of chivalry had passed. But that age had not departed, only the weapons had changed.. The conflict between virtue and vice must always continue : victory was still being obtained, but on the field of pure religion and morality, with the sword of the Spirit. Amongst the principalduties of a knight in the ancient times there was one that, in an especial manner, devolved on knights in these days—that of succouring and protecting the weak and powerless. There were in the present day two classes in the com-, muuity who needed such succour and protection —the children and the poor. It should, therefore, be the aim of good men to support the advancement of Christian educaof the young, and of charitable institutions for the poor. The Holy Father wasBO pleased at the progress of religious and charitable institutions in this colony—such, for instauce, as those of the .Sisters of Mercy, and the Nuns of the Good. Shepherd—that he had conferred the order of knighthood on these, three gentlemen, each of whotnhad taken so active a part in every; movement for the advancement of religion, charity, and]education. The honour of knighthood was prizecLpartly for the dignity or majesty of the monarch from whose hands it was received, and also in some cases for his personal characteristics. The line of pontiffs went back to the time of the Apostles, when St. Peter became the head of the Universal Church, and transmitted his power to his successors through all time. The Papacy was of more ancient date by far than aiiy European dynasty. The august lady who rules over these dominions could only trace back her dynasty to the Norman conquest. It was only 800 years since Harold fell at Hastings. The Imperial house of. Hapsburg only dated back .600 years. There was, moreover, no monarch on the face of the earth to whom so many millions paid rational and delighted obedience as to the Pope. Never at any tiinewas the power of the Holy See over the opimoris and inmost thoughts of men more prevalent tlian at present. The lionouk- now conferred, .too, was'enhanced by the characteristics of the Ponoff hiifrself. The celestial beiiutv of his ^resende, his sweetness of .demeanour, his' calmness in the midst of trials and sufferings,; were such that it 'vvks believedthat no previous 1 And; like St li'^ij^t be anticipated that., Pius DC wftt,'afliM-Ms death, he laiown as Piu'B the Greyfc'; It somewhat singular that' within tli& i^rf; ifew l 'wbpk's' high'civic distinctions had' lieBh won toy -each of the versity had stated that, owing to' ill-health, it was possible that lie might soon be obliged to resign Ms position ^ such, tbe'announcement was received with deep regret by the press of all shades of politics 'and 'religious opinions. When a medical manhad stated that the climate of this colony was Singularly unhealthy for young children, Mr. Archer, by his indisputable and orderly arranged Statistics, proved, beyond' question, that the reverse was the case, and thus preserved this colony from the shade which would otherwise Have fallen upon it in the''eyes of the world. The third gentleman who was about to be invested with the order of knighthood, had recently been elected to a seat in the.councils of the nation, the highest honour that it was in the power of the people to bestow on a citizen. After the sermon, the ceremony of investiture was proceeded'with. His Lordship the Bishop assumed a seat on the altar platform, facing the congregation. The swords of the tbree knights were placed on. a cushion before him, and he solemnly consecrated them according to the form prescribed by the Pontiicale. The Rev. Dr. Barsanti, O.S.F., and the Rev. V. Coletti, acted as masters of the ceremonies; and the'Very Rev. the Vicar- General, Rev. G. V. Barry, Rev. P. O'Meara, Rev. Dr. Bleasdale, and Rev. Father Kelly, S.J., were also present. When the blessing of the swords was concluded, Dr. Brownless was conducted to the feet of the Bishop, who presented him with a sword, in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; ]to use it in his own defence, and in defence of God's. Church, to the confusion of the enemies of the Cross of Christ and the Christian faith, and—if human frailty permitted—not to strike unjustly: and might he be worthy of the dignity, &c.; The knight then put the sword in its scabhard and fastened it to his side, the Bishop saying :—" Gird thy sword tightly to thy side, and remember that the saints, not by the sword, but by faith, conquered kingdoms." The knight rose from his knees, advanced to the front of the congregation, and performed several military evolutions with his sword, which he afterwards wiped on his coat sleeve. The Bishop next gave the knight the kiss of peace, saying :—" Pax tecum!''—" Peace be with thee." His Lordship tben lightly struck the kneeling knight on the head and on each shoulder with the naked sword, saying:— " Be thou a peaceful soldier, ready and faithful, and devoted to God." He next administered a slight blow to the knight on the cheek, saying:—" Arise from the sleep of malice, and watch in the faith of Christ, and with praiseworthy fame." The insignia of the Order was next blessed, and pinned next the heart of the knight by His Lordship the Bishop. , The knight kissed the episcopal ring, and then withdrew. The same ceremony was gone through with each knight in succession. At the conclusion of the investiture, Father Coletti read the following English translation f the brief of His Holiness, addressed to each night, conferring uponhini the dignity of the Order: — Dearly Beloved Son,—Health and apostolic benediction. Thy distinguished gifts of natural character and mind, thy proved piety and wellknown zeal and de voteduess to the See of blessed Peter, and thy other excellent merits, for which thou dost stand commended to .us, are;,cause that we decorate thee with an illustrious title as the reward of thy deserts, and as an evidence of our good-will toward thee (here follows a legal form). We, therefore, by our apostolic authority, in virtue of these presents, elect and appoint thee Knight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great in the civil class, and we enrol thee amongst this highly distinguished assembly and Order of Kniglits. We grant thee accordingly power to assume the costume, proper to . the kuidits of that order, and to hear freely and lawfully on the left breast its. proper' insignias, namely, a golden octangular. cross, hearing on its centre on red ground the image of St. Gregory the Great, with a red'silk ribbon, yellow bordered according to. the common custom of knights. Lest any doubt should arise as to either the costume-or the cross, we direct the adjoining schedule to be handed'over 'to thee ': Given at Rome, ; St. Peter's, under the sfeal of the fisherman, 25th June, 1870, the 25th year of our pontificate,—NICHOLAS, CARDINAL P. Cl-OEETTI. The episcopal benediction, bestowed by his lordship tbe Bishop of Melbourne, terminated the proceedings. The following Was the music performed by, the choir, under the direction of , the,organist, Professor Tracy j—Kyrie, Mozart's jwelth Mass; Magnificat, Webbe's in D;.,Credo, Webbe's; Sanctus • and Benedictus, Mozart's Twelth Mass; Agnus Dei, Webbe ; Inflamniatus, soprano solo, with choTUs from Rossini's'Stabat Mater,sungby Miss Rochfoid-; With Verdure Clad, Haydn's Creation, Bung by Miss Rochford. The cross. pf .the ,Or<3$r, of St, Gregory is k golden ocfarig^r ope, .fearing ;in .'Jhg' centre," on: a. ,'r*fl gfound,itppge, pf. S^.Grjegory, the Greafc with .the .niotji) f!(Gfegbnus JSag 7 anson;the revenue, the mottoPro^ep iet Principe." bordered. The rib.bonisiof red* silk, yfelloiv-. .../•:: •«! td/.i.i •..-!•. DEDICATION*' Sot'''jBjr. PATRICK'S '.'CHUBCFL, ' ? .' . * . '.'V' 'wAKCr^EATTTA, ',','•""."'.','. Theimposii^-^e^nypf.the^de^i^tion of St. PatripkkGwskWai^aratti, VM pecj' formed Church, thoughi;but S. portion of the:plan, Is now fit tfor. Hivine worflhip.i'; Evenidn its present state >it ! is the 1 most substantial and beautiful ecclesiastical structure to be found anywhere in tbe north-eastern part of the colony.: It is built (says the Wangaratta Despatch) of massive granite from Warby's Ranges, near Wangaratta, the roof being of slate and of tbe correct lofty pitch of the Architecture of the period. The style of architecture is the early English, and the architect was Mr. Wardill. The interior Is beautifully fitted up in every part. The pillars supportin" the roof are very substantial, and the roof itself inside is formed by interlacing arches of dark polished wood. The stained glass windows are admirable illustrations of the proficiency of the colonial manufacturers, Messrs. Fererusson, Urie, and Lyon —the central figure of the Saviour on the cross, .with the Blessed Virgin kneeling at the foot, being represented with special correctness of drawing and colouring. The altar, the pedestal pf which is of Tasmanian freestone and the upper part of Caen stone, is also a very handsome piece of workmanship, the decorations being in every respect in keeping with the general design. The cost of the altar alone has been £350, and of the whole building, so far as it has gone already, between £7000 and £8000. In the Lady Chapel there is a sculptured igure of the Virgin, which is well worthy of ttention as a work of art. Altogether, both he exterior and interior of St. Patrick's Church reflect the greatest credit on the zeal, he liberality, and the good taste ef the Roman atholics of Wangaratta and the surrounding eighbourhood. On Sunday morning, in consequence of the announcement that the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Bishop of Melbourne, assisted by the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, Vicar- General, would dedicate the Church, a very large .number of persons had collected near the porch long before the door was open. Many visitors had come from-Beech worth and other townships at a considerable distance, and when the service began, notwithstanding the praiseworthy efforts of the members of the Church to accommodate all who came, the buildiag was uncomfortably crowded: indeed it was crammed at every part by an attentive congregation. The Holy Sacrifice of the Mass was offered up the Rev. T. Ryan, Mr. J. B. Smythe presiding at the organ with his usual skill. Imediately after Mass, his Lordship ascended he altar and preached a most impressive seron to an attentive congregation. His Lordship commenced his discourse by ommenting on the need of buildings being conecrated as places of Christian worship, and hen gave a brief history of the erection of St. atrick's Church. Some years ago, when the umber of Catholics in Wangaratta was but mall, they decided to put up a wooden building or educational and religious purposes. That uilding had since been used as a school on the eek days, and as a church on the Sundays. s the population of Wangaratta increased, owever, it was thought necessary that a larger nd more suitable structure should be built, and he people entered zealously into the proposal. he late lamented Kev. Father Galen, then tationed at Wangaratta, in particular exerted imself to the the utmost, Tliey had been rospered by the Almighty in their work, and ow he was called upon to dedicate the present eautiful structure by suitable prayers and serices. There were those who thought that the ecorations of this building were needless, and ho regarded all material representations of acred subjects as objects to call forth devoional thought as idolatry. He might tell them hat such a view had not the Divine authority. he probibitiou contained in the 1st commandeut did not apply in such a case, for Mosies as commanded that the cherubiin should stand n the tabernacle. Sacred objects like these, if nanimate, were in-leed of themselves unable to o anything, but by the Divine blessing they erved as aids to devotion. His Lordship hen traced the liisto'ry ' of the building of emples from the time when David was disatisfied that he himself should live in a ouse of cedar, while the ark of God wasore humbly, housed, down to the' time hen the great church of,'St. 'Peter's -at" ome, the grandest structure of modern imes, was completed for purposes of Christian orship. Though the Je.wish religion had passed' way, God had become yet nearer to' them by he sacred symbols of their faitSh than he was to the Israelites when they listened to the thunders nd saw the lightnings of Mount Sinai. He ame to them' now, not as the God of Majesty, ut as . the" God of grace. The Bishopthen rged on them'the duties attaching to thein as rofessors of this newer and better religion. In articular, he asked them to. contribute of theii orldly goods liberally for the cause of Christ,' nd he .would bless them. He asked them as hey had received liberally of 1 bod, to give back o Him part of what He had bestowed. They e ver'iieard iii this! colony of 'any'One'becoming nsolvent through giving too much'^iwaly 'for his! eligion. : , The Bishop then closed' his discourse' y urging upon-' tbem the duty of: prayer enerally, and alio of prayer to the patron saint f this church, :who had conveyed the knowedge of .Christ'to the'isj^nd to yhichinany of hope prejent ^elonged."'*',"'.'•" ' After, the sermon bis Lordship administered | he! sa&tiaaient; of:Confirmation to oyer 100, fcitdrenv the j wkite> dresses, long, white veils, and chapletg round theforebeads of the little: jgirj®, presenting ^ very picturesque appearance Jn Jh^frpjat seats of : the church! Pis , Lordship ! .$$111, ^dressed' 'the children just corif&jied; «Bjpct|i>g, 'their .Ippititeges ,'pnd" re'r. ; ^eforetbe, congregation dispersed Mr Dupphy, :on. bebtuf of *he members of tbie, church, presented the following addresBitoihe. jffis lOpt-fe' -'Jiu f j. To THE RIGHT REV. JAS. ALIPIUS GOOLD D.D., Lord Bishop of Melbourne May it please your Lordship,—We, the Catholics of Wangaratta, gladly avail ourselves of your advent amongst us to express our con- gratulations, and at the same time our sincere thanks to Almighty God for your Lordship's safe return to your beloved flock after a long and protracted absence of over twelve months. Although we experienced sorrow and disap- pointment at your departure from us, especially as we knew it was your intention to visit this part of your diocese at that time to administer the Holy Sacrament of Confirmation, and to perform the sacred rite of dedicating our church to the glory of God, still rejoice that in obedience to the summons of the Holy Father you deferred all other works to join your august brethren in the Ecumenical Council. We gratefully testify to the anxious and pious solicitude with which your Vicar-General, the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, watched over our spiritual and temporal welfare during your absence, and we now express our joy at seeing him with your Lordship amongst us. The dogma of the infallibility of the Supreme Pontiff when teaching the Church in matters of faith and doctrine, which issued from that Council, we joyfully accept and treasure as we do every other article of our faith. We, in common with our fellow Catholics all over the world, sincerely sympathise with the Holy Father, Pius IX., in the afflictions and outrages to which he, and in him the Catholic Church as the holy spouse of our Lord Jesus Christ, are at present subjected, and we will continually pray to God that he will deign to give to the successor of St. Peter another triumph over the gates of hell and powers of darkness. We trust that the effort we have made through the liberal assistance of your Lordship, and the zealous exertions of our late deeply-lamented pastor, Rev. Father Galen, as well as those of his worthy successor, Rev. Father Egan, to build a church worthy of our holy religion will meet with your Lordship's approval. We are glad to assure your Lordship that we have been liberally assisted in this good work by our brethren of other denominations. It is with pain that we have to refer to the notorious attempt again being made by the Government to deprive by law our little ones of instruction in the truths of the Catholic religion in school. Of such an attempt your Lordship ever warned us to beware and resist. We assure your Lordship that we will use every legitimate means to resist the nefarious and unstatesmanlike measure, and we trust our success, combined with that of the other Catholics of the colony, will be so marked that it will prove a warning to future Governments. Praying that the Almighty God may long pre- serve you over us as our spiritual head in this colony, we are. with deep affection and veneration your Lordship's dutiful children in Christ, JOHN DUNPHY. NICHOLAS LEAHY. WILLIAM WILLIS. For and on behalf, of the Catholics of Wangaratta. . ' i - • • •. ' . • THE BISHOP MADE A SUITABLE REPLY, THANK- ING THEM FOR THEIR AFFEETIONATE'JREGARD FOR THE. HOLY FATHER AND FOR HIMSELF. HE ALSB DWELT ON THE IMPORTANCE, OF THE'GVE^CQUN^L OF THE CHURCH WHICH HAD BEEN ."HELD,, FOR JT^TLIOUGH : 1 THE TRUTH OF TJIE DC^A'^DQB^J^G^PI^IBAR- GATED HAD BPEN PREVIOUSLY KNPWN,\ ADDITIONAL SECURITY WAS GIVEN TO IT NOW, AND NOPE COULD , DENY IT WITHOUT PLACING THEMSELVES OUTSIDE OF THE PALE OF THE CHURCH. THE BISHOP CONCLUDED' • WITH AN ANIMATED ATTACK OH THE "EDUCATION BILL, WHICH BE FCHARAEITERITFED THE MOST TYRANNICAL AND B.PPRESSITE 'TTAST .IIAD' FEVFER'BEEN- . • OFFERED TIO-'A-' VIFHIOTLMI , URGED ON ILL PRESENT^S)^OPPOSE"'"SJICHA.I' ] VIOLATION OF THEIR' | FL&Y;^IRI^''PF. THEIR POWER, WITH TTIE ASSPRAN^E' ^^.'.'^.^ILHQR.- SUCCEEDED ,IN. THE CONTEST IT;.. WOJI)Q,,NEVER, BE . RENEWED ,ON THE OTHER 'side-, AGAJTN.,.:. CLOSED THE MORNING SERVICCSI AT,ST.,PATRICK'S- CHURCH. - .! . VESPERS COMMENCED AT 7 6'CLOOK IN THE EVENING, THE CHURCH BEING AGAIN CROWDED,, WHEN HIS LORDSHIP PRESIDED FOR THFETHIRD TIME THATDAY. .' - '; •'' ' \- V \--I / " - ^ NEW SCHOOL AT HEIPETNEEG.I^THE CAT ^ T^OLICS OF HEIDELBERG «RE' ABPHT^IO' 'GI^ .PRACTICAL PROOF THAT THEY ARE FAFLY,A}IY£,!T6,^IE .IMPORTANT QUESTION OF.EDUCA.TI,OP, JJY,-EXPENDING THE SUM OF FIRE HUNDRED POUNDS OIJ TBEIRR^W, . SCHOOL,-WHICH IS SOLELY TO BE USED FBR EDUCA- TIONAL PURPOSES. TLUS ACT TRILL- GP IA JPNG; may , . TO SHOW-THAT IN THE CATHOLICIEART?THETRAINING OF YOUTH OCCUPIES A PRIMARY TIOSITIONI " IT BA? : '< BEEN ARRANGED THAT ON NEXT SUNDAY -WEEK; AT : THREE ^O'CLOCK IN THFC AFTFEMOON;-THE'LORD • BISHOPOF MELBOURNE WILLBLESSTHE'FII^VBTOIIE OF THIS SCHOOL JINDER THE.KYOIAMN'J BF ST.' MONICA, THE SAINTM 'MBTHEF^IF ^^BWNIIIM.' " LIGHT OF THE CHURCH, " EATHER O'MAUEJ, S.J^ IN HARMONY . WITH THEOBJECT IN TIEW>,,A4I .THE SUBJECT OF EDUCATION.WILL BE O^E OJMJG, JRPT.^BP, GRAP- LED WIUI IN THE NE;VIPMKAFLM}I(TMMLFE AFTER EASTER, MUCH WEIGHT ATTACHED TO WHATEVER FE^LS^FOIN.THE JUPS, PF TH^ PREACHER. ..^VE UN^EIPTA^^ MANY^T MIAMFF. '«nd l u i j i o f m ^ l .. selves, we have no hesitation, in ^jnpgjj^st < Father Finn and his Heiddberg vrh[)-are neither auunerbiis^br iweaiithy^shPnld get eveiy eacoi^emfeht fTOmTOarehptigper* t • ous MiendB."^ -•>"» i n „ > ig St. 'E'knfeis^ ^hhM'auring the aS».J6pf*» Barsanti, 1 • ' .,ff ' .^.l'i! , l71!1{ ,noti«i>:jii;.Jiii ; t' ' '"' 'ill ;,!.-fj[>;vl uj -:), Mail News continued from Page 6. THE ENGLISH GOVERNMENT . AND THE POPE. When we in previous numbers of tliis journal expressed our belief; that the Liberals of England, who had sympathised with and abetted the Italian revolution throughout its entire procress would do nothing, and would permit nothing' to be done, for the restoration of the temporal power of the Pope, we came in for some degree of censure from enthusiastic persons who flattered themselves with the idea that the expression of the Irish opinion in favour of his Holiness would induce Mr. Gladstone to employ the influence of the English Government towards effecting such a restoration. Their expectations were mainly founded on a passage in Mr. Gladstone's letter to Mr. Dease, M.P., in which, speaking for the Government, he said that " they consider all that relates to the adequate support of the dignity of the Pope, and to his personal freedom and independence in the discharge of his spiritual functions, to be legitimate matter for their notice." These words, taken in connection with the rest of the letter, did not seem to us to possess much significance, and we now have it on Mr. Gladstone's own authority that their significance is very small ipdeed. In a correspondence he has explained that the expressions he used " were in nowise intended to pledge the Government to do anything to mix itself up in any manner with the Pope's spiritual power, but were merely designed to express their readiness, should any restraint be placed upon his person and personal acts by the civil power, contrary to the principles of complete civil and religious liberty, to represent this personal grievance to the Italian Government." This is whittling down the matter to a very fine point indeed. Whflt, let us ask, xnay he the worth of Mr. Gladstone's original letter, thus interpreted ? Is there any any human being weak enough to believe that it is of the slightest'.practical value ? We doubt it. The rejoinder -of the friends of the Pope to Mr. Gladstone in this case we might fittingly be made in words often used by O'Connell when •referring to acts of sham generosity^—" Thank you for nothing."—Irishman. BISMARCK AND THE POPE. Within the last few days there has been published at Berlin a rather curious diplomatic correspondence between Bismarck and the Italian Foreign Minister, in reference to the Pope. -It appears that so long ago as the 7th of October last, Cardinal Antonclli asked the Prussian Government, "whether his Holiness, in case he should desire to leave Home, could reckon upon the King's advocating, at Florence, that he should be permitted to leave Bome unhindered, and in a fitting manner. This question was replied to in the affirmative by Bismarck, who immediately wrote to the Italian Government, expressing a hope that the freedom and dignity of his Holiness would be respected by them under all circumstances, and adding :—''His Majesty the King considers it as a duty owing to the North- German Gatholics to take part in maintaining the dignity and independence of the head of the Catholic Church." THE HEROISM OF THE POPE. The latest news from Rome is to the effect that Victor Emmanuel's eldest son, Prince Humbert, and his wife, Princess Margherita, have arrived in the Eternal City, to act there as representatives of Royalty till the transfer of the capital shall have been accomplished.- It is a significant fact that not a single Roman noble joined in the demonstration which was " got up" on their arrival. His Holiness, meanwhile, is still at the Vatican, and to all invitations to come to an agreement with the Italian authorities his answer is still non poseumvs. Only a few days ago, we learn on the authority of a correspondent of an English journal; the Ambassadors of Austria and North •Germany, in compliance with instructions from their Governments, inquired what guarantee his Holiness would regard as sufficient on the part of the Italian Government to remove the disagreement at present existing between the civil and ecclesiastical authorities. The answer was; that no other guarantee was wanted than the simple, restitution of the territories of the Church, and that no arrangement not based on these conditions would be accepted. It is surely impossible not to admire the heroism of this aged and saintly Pontiff.' THE PAPAL ZOUAVES. Throughout the present war, the most intrepid courage has distinguished the conduct of the Zouaves who lately formed one of the loyalist corps of the Papal forces. At Rome they were eager to resist to the last the sacrilegious troops of Victor Emmanuel, and when they returned to their native country, they fought as though the honour of France were placed in their, hands , alone, and earned a name for coolness and bravery which cannot be forgotton. A short time since, Colonel de Charette was missing,- and many feared he would never again lead his heroic regiment against the enemy- He was, however, afterwards found on the field of battle with a terrible wound in his thigh. But his case was not desperate, and after a short time the doctor pronounced him out of danger.. Almost immediately, M. Gambetta raised him to- the rank of General. This mark of the Republican Minister's respect may be more fully appreciated when we remember that.M. fie Charette is a member of one of the oldest houses in France, and is an invincible Legitimist.' . • • ' A CASE OP STABBING.—Cases of stabbing are becoming alarmingly frequent. A coloured seaman, named William L. Curtis, was on Monday, at the Sandridge Police Court, committed for trial op., the charge of cutting and woundibg anofherisailor, named Henry Train, on Saturday.-night last. Train was with- some njates, one-of-wEom was singing a nigger song, when they pggged prisoner, and the latter seems to havie'- t&ken; that as a personal affront, and violently Attacked Train, stabbing him in the wrist." 