THE PASTORAL LETTER OP JOHN BEDE, BY DIVINE GRACE AND FAVOR OP THE HOLY APOSTOLIC SEE, ARCH BISHOP OP SYDNEY, AND METROPO LITAN OF AUSTRALIA. To tub Faithful, Clergy and Laity of the Archdiocese, Concerning the Building of ?PTTit New Cathedral. Dbarly Beloved,— Six years ago the Festi val of the holy Apostles Peter and Paul was a day of memorable disaster. Our dear old Cathedral, clothed with so many cherished memories of grief and blessings, was totally destroyed by a cruel fire, and for a moment every Catholic heart was saddened, and almost overwhelmed. Thank God it was a momentary gatmess. j.uu icuicmuer wnau a origin; glow 01 faith and sympathy succeeded, what generous gifts from Catholics and non-Catholics were heaped up for the wojjk of restoration, and how speedily it was seen, that a new Cathedral, of fairer and larger structure, would replace what we had lost. Our penitential confession that we had deserved chastisement was almost lost in congratulations and thanksgivings. We set to work in most joyful hope, and the noble plan was elaborated, of which so large a portion is already realized. I do not think any Catholic throughout the length and breadth of this land can look upon it without the most heartfelt satisfaction. It is certainly one of those works in which any man is glad and honoured to have participated; and I trust that it being such as it is, the desire to continue it towards its grand completion will day by day grow keener amongst you. The hour has come for a re newed appeal to your old generosity. Perhaps it has not been quite prudent to allow so long a time to elapse, expending the sums that the first great impulse poured into the treasury, without establishing, as we went on, a perennial supply. However, so it lias been; we have had a long rest from pecuniary effort, for this object, and now we must brace ourselves afresh to the task. There have been, as most of you know, three large contracts, the first for the wide and deep foundations down on the solid rock ; the second, for the first stage above ground ; and the third, carrying the plan all round up to the capitals of the strong and graceful columns that are even now calling upon us for the superstructure. This third contract is within a few days of com pletion ; we want something towards the sum due, and we want a replenished store for our progress. And progress, I know, will be your choice and your determination. It is not in the heart of Catholics to let sun and rain beat in mockery on the unfinished walls of their Cathedral. The work is too beautiful in itself to be left stagnant, too noble in its object, too congenial to the Ca tholic feeling in which we live, too concordant with the practice and tradition of those long centuries during which Christianity has been leavening the world, and saving civilized social life and progress from decay. There has been spent, on the portion of our building so far accomplished, a sum of over thirty thousand pounds, and it has been spent well, thoroughly well ; we may without boasting challenge a comparison of the work in our Ca tholic Cathedral with that of the best buildings that men have ever executed in this- southern hemisphere. I am glad to have this opportunity of recording my own thanks, and your thanks, to those gentlemen who have given, besides their money, many hours of labour and thought, as a committee charged with the realisation of our design. They have seen that your offerings have been applied with the truest economy, and 1 am told, that they have added a large per centage of gain by a judicious and provident in vestment of funds that were not at the moment called upon. Three to four thousand pounds are wanted to pay off the present contract, and we must have ten. to twelve thousand more, for a contract to succeed this present one. And this next con tract will enable us to place a temporary roof on a portion, so as to enable us to celebrate within it the Holy Sacrifice without impeding in any way the progress of the work. Here then is our situation. A great under taking is in our hands and hearts, a great undertaking, whether we consider who the persons are who have to do it, or what it is they have to do. It is a vast work beyond all con troversy. But, dearly beloved, though the prospect at nrst blush looks somewhat formidable, it grows brighter as a little consideration makes it fami liar. What, in fact, is the thing to be done, and wlio are the persons to do it ? Let us think— and first for the thing to be done. Take it that in our lifetime, and for that large portion of the ounce which is to stand on the present founda Wn' Z& may neecl a lmn(lred thousand pounds. «? i lS a larSe Slm'i; but compare it with other large sums that are all round us provided without much effort, and without any reluctance. « would build, say, two large steamships ; it womcl lay down and furnish, say, ten miles of a railroad ; it would establish a line for the eiedtnc wire or cable ; it would raise a magnifi cent town hall, or a handsome post office ; it would produce half-a-dozen banks, or public Bcnools, or perhaps a university; it would tielray for several months the ever abiding cost oi police, and courts^ of justice, and gaols. Cer ™miy ^ would ; but then, you see, men are by no means frightened or disheartened at expendi ture for any one of these objects ; no, nor for all Zl fix t0Set,ller- And what is there in any SJni - n *ohjects to compare with the build Si % CSheclral Church amongst a Christian th* \ f auy one 8hould obJect- that some of SSivS PPm^ mentioned are undertaken as 5 Sfrt °r aS «*&»*** against loss W ' }enJ- answer' without fear of Intel t2in^mi adlCtl°,n' that the Presence and coSmS ? a ST£nd Cathol«- Cathedral in any Sw ft'l^i ltS f6nt' yeteVer elo-l™nt, SantPP, ? gi16r realities- ^d more awful grantees, is to put it at its meanest value, a JJrf gnatBr with, a defence of more permanent security, than any of those worldly schemes that seem more directly addressed to such a purpose. What then we have to do is confessedly a great thing, but yet not so great in its cost as many others that are cheer fully undertaken under impulse of lower motives. And now, that we have shown what is to be done, who are the persons to do this great thing? We are only, they say, one-third of the whole population of the. colony, that is, one-third of about five hundred thousand, souls. Suppose that in the Archdiocese we are only fifty thousand, nay, that in Sydney we are only thirty thousand. Well ; in the first place, we are not going to overlook all those Catholics through the colony, who.have so recentlv parted in some measure from us, they are only a little removed either in place or affection, and they are, I am well sure, not inclined to desert or forget us. Neither will my dear friends and brethren, the Bishops of those many thousands, to whom St. Mary's, Sydney, was of old the mother Church, allow their flocks to remain in different or inactive, in a restoration that bene fits and honours all of our name. And in the second place suppose we do, as perhaps we may, look principally to the thirty thousand Catholics of Sydney ; they are not a small number, and although I am not very reliant on mere arithmetical computations, yet still one cannot but see that a very effective yearly sum might be raised by small periodical contributions from the whole. . Let us rather, however, look at quality than numbers, and recur to the question with which we began, who are the persons, be they more or fewer, that undertake this great thing, the restoration of their Cathedral with tenfold cost and grandeur. I answer, with humility and a deep sense of my own demerits, but with great consolation, with exultation even,— they are the people who began and raised the first Cathedral when it was for them an undertaking of much greater magnitude than the one which is now rising, — they are. the people who never have failed in the large generosity and devotion of their gifts, whenever they heard the call of religion or charity,— they are distinctively the people of whom the mass, the poorer in worldly means, are the most princely-hearted, who give much out of their little, who save to give, who deny themselves to give, — they are the people of whom the .many lowly are in truth the bene factors of the richer and higher placed in their community, — they are the people of whom the younger members, beginning life in labour and domestic service, and who, whilst their many offerings strengthen and honour their Church, continue still to send to their old home such sums for father and mother, and sisters and brothers, that the name of Irish* Roman Catho lic has in this solid respect won, from all classes throughout the Australasian colonies, a univer sal and well merited esteem. And thus I think dearly beloved, we may reasonably presume, that neither is this splen did new Cathedral a work too great for us, nor are we too small for the work. It is but the going on, with God's blessing, to do as you have heretofore done. We shall have help, doubt it not, and if we think rightly, and often, of what it is that we are doing, we shall attract, as our building rises, more and more the help of our fellow Christians, in sympathy with our courage and perseverance. And now, is there anything to discourage us ? I am told that there are some objections or scruples^ or difficulties ; it is not easy to deter mine which of these names, objections, or scru ples, or difficulties, expresses most fittingly what is meant. Nor does it appear altogether clear that those who suggest them' are exactly the persons whose habits of giving, or readiness to give, lends any righteous influence to their suggestions. Nevertheless, let us see what they amount to, and what answer may be offered to their chilling wisdom. First, then, it is complained that calls upon the liberality of the Catholic public have been so many of late, arc, in fact, so many, that it would be unreasonable to add another, and that a pressing one. Well, I am quite ready to ac knowledge that the calls a-?. many, and that they are most generously responded to, but let us observe that this exigency of the Cathedral is not strictly speaking an added call. It is the continuation of a call that the good Providence of God made upon us six years ago, when He gave us a hearty will and the power to answer it in good measure, and now we are but going on to complete what was then happily begun. The thoughts that burned in many breasts, and pro duced such activity of resolution, on that day of our meeting, when the calamitous fire had scarcely ceased burning, are ready to present themselves afresh with as constraining a force as at first ; they have not yet attained their ob ject, and still urge us with aii almost sacred im portunity. I should indeed shrink from project ing at this moment, and calling upon you to build, a new Cathedral such as that we have in hand. But, 1 repeat it, this is not a new call, nor is it a call made at the choice of any man. It is more like the paying of. a vow that we once vowed to the Lord our God, for the honor and glory of His name. Again it is suggested by some very small number, suggested modestly as a scruple, that the plan of the new Cathedral is too grand and expensive, — that accommodation anct utility might have been sufficiently secured at less cost. Well, this is true also ; and what I have to re reply to the scruple is, that 1 did really believe, and do really believe, that my people, the Ca tholics of New South Wales, intended deliber ately that their new Cathedral, dedicated as the chief building on tins continent to the ser vice of Almighty God, should be a thing of grandeur and cost. They did not intend a nicely calculated accommodation and utility, they desired, and promised in their heart of hearts, to raise an edifice that should in some worthy degree impress upon men's senses also the value they set on their faith, their adoration of the majesty of God, their gratitude for His ineffable mercy and love. What is the measure and limit of utility where such an intent is cherished ? How do men esti mate when they erect buildings that shaU suit the dignity of legislation, or the sacredness of justice, or the importance of education, or their own rank in the scale of nations ? Surely and ungrudgingly they provide what shall abun dantly realise their design ; and in the same spirit^ with higher purpose, you desired to re build bamt Mary's Cathedral, and you will ac complish generously what you devoutly pur posed. It is a work that must in the main be done once for all. There are other necessities that arise occasionally, and ?in their occasions can be properly met ; as our Lord said of the poor, ' We have them always with us, and when we will we can do them good.' But to build a Cathedral is not always given nor re quired, and so we may well make an extreme effort, leaving to Him our justification, if any overwise or overprudent man should say ' Lt qmd perditio h-ec ? — « To what purpose is this waste?' Again, it is urged by some, that much of the building, of a Cathedral should be left to pos terity for whose use also it is built. There is a little truth, certainly, in this. I would only Observe, that it is to us, and not to others, that God s providence has mainly proposed the work, and that what He asks of men is always more a . privilege than a burden. The right question is not how much we are bound to do, but how much we can do ; and the answer should not be calculation, but a resolution of faith and love. Besides we have, if not here, yet in other countries, enjoyed the fruits of our ancestors' Catholic piety in this aspect, and so are reason ably expected to transmit our gifts to posterity in our turn. Their souls may be warmed and strengthened by our deed of faith, and in view of their benefit, God, before whom the future lies as the present, will requite us a hundred fold. And so, dearly beloved, you will, I trust, agree with me in considering that these objec tions or scruples, have nothing in them to dimi nish our Catholic zeal and hope. In my turn I will make some suggestions towards the fullest and speediest accomplishment of the service, which I believe God has laid before us for the willing acceptance of our grateful love. 1 am prepared, then, to leave for posterity everything which we cannot possibly help leav ing them. Something was done, you remember, during the building of St. Patrick's in the way of debentures, by which present funds were se cured, and a gradual extinction of the corres ponding debt of capital, and a moderate interest provided for. Cannot we Catholics, as commer cial and governmental bodies do, arrange a plan of this kind, so that small sums of money which the owners cannot altogether spare, but for which they would be content with a moderate interest, could be rendered available on the faith of our body amongst ourselves ? I have not my self the necessary time and knowledge for work ing out the details of a safe financial plan, but there must be those of our friends who can do this, and I would beg them to consider the mat ter, and to consult together upon it. Next, it does not seem improbable, that life insurances, if they were suggested, would be effected for the benefit of the Cathedral. There are numerous cases, in which a small yearly payment would not be felt as a burthen, 'and would not interfere with any just expectations, ,but which in accumulation would, as time goes, on, bring in considerable assistance to the fund. I think there are many to whom this means of doing good has not occurred, who would be glad to feel that such a work would follow them. It is in many respects an improvement on the method of legacies ; it gives an additional strength to pious resolutions, and gives to them an incipient actualization, not leaving everything to an indefinite and uncertain future. I mention these things with all diffidence, but I do mention them, first, in order to show that I am not unreasonably desirous of throwing all the effort on the present, and in the second place, that I may the more emphatically assert, that our main reliance must be on the present, the home exertions of the thirty thousand Ca tholics of Sydney and its immediate neighbour hood. I am willing to send a priest through this country wherever he may be permitted, over the world if thought desirable, to solicit aid. You have always been ready to give as sistance, and I have no hesitation in asking for it in our turn. We stand as creditors in the loving accounts of Christian charity. Neverthe less, I repeat, our main reliance must root amongst ourselves. There may be public meet ings throughout tho Archdiocese under the guid ance of the . clergy and the most zealous and energetic of their respective flocks, and they may make what organization they deem most pru dent and effective, but here at least, in Sydney and the neighbourhood, there must be weekly collections from house to house, so as to raise, and that speedily, enough to discharge our pre sent actual debt, and to provide for the next contract. And now, Dearly Beloved, I place in your hands and hi your hearts I trust, this noble work of Catholic piety. You will not let its progress flag for lack of combined and generous effort ; you will interest in it your children, your friends, at home and abroad. It is a special work, and you will continue it with special earnestness and special devotion : no one of you will put it from his thoughts as if his responsibility were nothing — as if what he can do were of little moment. Every one of you, of the whole thirty thousand of this city and suburbs, will act in no spirit of calculation nor grudging, but as becomes your Catholic name and origin, lt is in the sacred records, that of old the people of God, who had the promises only, and had not known, as you do, the redemption and the cross of Christ, when they set themselves to make their tabernacle, brought in their gifts so profusely that there was more than necessary, so that Moses proclaimed — ' Let neither man nor woman offer any more for the work of the sanc tuary. And so they ceased from offering gifts, because the things that were offered did suffice, and were too much.' May I not then, dearly beloved, say to you Christians, 'come and do in like manner, strive for the re-building of your Cathedral in a like spirit, for sake of, and m testimony of, your nobler faith, your more precious and spiritual gifts.' 'Send forth thy Spirit and they shall he created : and Thou zha'lt ' renew the face of the eaHh. Come 0 Holy Split, M the hearts of Thy faithful, and kindle' in tlieni the fire of Ihy love.' The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the Charity of God, and the Communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen. ©JOHN BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney. St. Mary's Pro-Cathedral, Feast of Pentecost, 1871. This Pastoral Letter is to be read throughout the Archdiocese, whenever and wheresoever the Priest desiring to co-operate with his Archbishop can find an opportunity of promoting its object. S. J. A. SHEEHY, Vicar-General 