'FT SUMMARY O# NSYTE; ;A ^Heathen Chinee,"whosurvivesjn ?spite of the suggestive name '.off 'Ah Hang,; on Friday afternoon walked up to the' qutsido wall of the labour/yard, of the ' Melbourne Gaol, and threw over a parcol .which was deftly caught and lijdden by a . prisoner, to be divided 'as soon as, the warder's attention should',' be turned \- another wriy. A warder, patrpllincf the ' wall saw,/the Celestial throw.the parcel, ; «nd then .decamp, and wlrileho WasVfol ' losing tho smuggldr with h is.ey es, the . parwli'which^no doubt contained'tobacco i opium, and perhaps- both, Was secured by^no of more of the prisoners at work; and hidden asf beforo stated. : ThoChina inan raft.towards the town,; but knowing . that lie had been observed and would be ; probably pui'sued and an'ested, he had recourse to those " ways that are dark and tricks that are vt^in" for which his race is , said; to bo peculiar,,; and, after turning a corner, doubled uponhimself; "'assumed a nohchulahi air, ana- sauntered slowly up pastthega'ol 6n tlid side' oppo*. site to that over which he had thrown the parcel, hoping, no doubfc. to get through Oarltoju to. Collingwoqd' without exciting ;FUspicjop. Warder Capper, who had seen ' liim throw the parcel, Kept a bright look out,however, and presently saw the offoni dor come Vnclc in. the manner described. Comprehending the me, ho resolved not tp bo outwitted, and going outside quietly .j waited at a corner till his : man came V'round, when lie rah out and secured him. Ah Hang was t'uken before t tine .pity Bench on Saturday, when.'i6 'WAS1 stated that ho had come out of ' gabl; oriljra few days before. He was a; roguish merry . looking child of the . Flowery Land, and ' strongly denied having thrown anything over the wall. " Me walk along, go home, do noting, when dis man catchee me like * dpt, and ioekee me up." Being eharged with a breach of the gaol regulations he <tins fined £10, oi\three month's imprison-' xnent;-Argus, v ; ; .?Ip'A strong instance for homccppathi&ta; in .; sVippiprt of - the principle similia similibus curantur, is thus given by the Hawke's Bay Herald;--" On Thursday morning as Mr. M'ljougfdl was proceeding towards Have lock in a trap, he was upsef, and falling on .: his right arm} put the elbow out of joint.: , U'hQ -Bailie evening,'as he, ill company ; with Mr. Skillicorn, was coming in a con veyance to Napier, with the object of getting Dr. Spencer to set the joint, the . horse bolted when within a mile of Tareha's-bridge, and coming in contact with a post, the conveyance was -upset. The' horse then- commenced kicking, striking Mr. Skillicorn twice, on the right leg. Strange to* sayi however, Mr. M'DougaU's second fall had the effect of jerking his elbow into its proper place." , An infant three months old died the , other day;at Buninyong fronr the effects " tif burns sustained in a curious manner. She was asleep in; the cradle when a large livo spark flew out from the fire, and , settled on her mouth. Ten: thousand persons were present Qt the Orange" demonstration in Sydney on ; the,17th. t '.V/ Port Augusta was partly under water on Monday last. |i Melbourne,;'it; would appear, is- not ! alone in tho possession of a Messiah at tins present day. The New York Tribune says s ?-41 Philadelphia is honoured by tho pre sence of a prophet. His secular name is Konigmacher, but he calls himself,, for some recondite, reason; 4The' Jesus of Isolation.' He parades the streets upon an old horse, his red hair streaming; and he carries ^a banner ; with , a strange i device.' He is not alone in his mystical mission; for there is also in this favoured city a brace of prophets, with uncommonly long beards, who walk up and down the thoroughfares, exclaiming, 4 How are you men and brethren?' . It might not be cxactly the thing to 'stone these seers, according to the ancient practice j but it would clearly do no harm to'Jock them up. Many persons, who .had their complaint badly have thus beeh cured." . . Mr. Darwent, a nephew of the leading Adelaide merchant of that name; has claimed the reward for the discovery of a payable goldfield in the; Northern Territory. The diggings ave said to be 151 miles from Port Darwin, about eight miles from the River Culletv, and.between that rivef and Motint MoLachlan. The country showed fine quartz reefs running between formations of grunite and slate. The gold country ^appeared to be about, four miles in width, 'and extended.for some unknown length. Sbotty gold was ob tained by alluvial sinking at a depth of four feet. Some of . jhe gold thus obtained has been exhibited in Adelaide.~/i<toer tisev. ? !. 1 When Captain Sweet, of the <fulmre, Customs showed him some u native! wine," made from the fruit of a small' bush which is there called V- l$osell|»," and which grows abundantly,, and produces a, con siderable quantity offruit* ;The berries are oruBhed and fermented just as grapes are, and; made. into what is called wine. The taste is a pleasant acid,' with a de cided flayour of raspberry, but we should judge that the alcoholic strength i? not much. ' It would probably be found to'be a pleasant summer drink. Captain Sweet thinks . afc; the latitude of Sweer's Island and the Northern Territoryia,re the same, the. bush would grow* (luxuriantly at Port Darwin.- Advertise)'. A Wellington (New, Zealand) paper of the ,29th May tells the following ghost story s-A few evenings ago a young lady who occupies the Jjame sleeping apartment, but not the same bed, with a younger sister, had retired to rest ' shortly' before midnight. The youiiger sister had been asleep for some time. The elder1 fister's bed stood in-front of a window, at some little distance Jfrbm it1; al chair stood be tween the . b$d and the window. The young lady was lying on her side, with her; face to the window, on the point of drop ping oil to sleep, and, as she avert, without the remotest' thought of, ghost or gobliu crossing her mind, when suddenly ene be came aware of something like a dim shadow being cast across 'her eyes; she started, and turned quickly round to find herself confronted by a tall gentleman, dressed in blaek coat and trousers, wearing a white waistcoat with black spots, and gloves on his hands, half leaning over her. His .figure and features were clearly limbed . against ;the window,, and she instantly recognized the face of a gentle man formerly a resident of Wellington, some twelve months or so. Her look was only momentary, but it was clear;;and filled with terror, she screamed Mpfcatedly to her sister, who after some little time awoke. The ghost disappeared at the first sound of her voice, and she was too much agitated toobserve whichvmy it went. The younger, sister asked what was the matter; the elder sister replied by ?dcali tug1 and she would tell the cause of her trouble in the morning. Having laid down beside her the younger sister con tinued to press the elder with questions as to what she had seen or heard, at; last asking her whether she had hot seen., a, man in the room, To this the elder re plied that she had, when the youngef re joined," " Then I know who it was , it was Mr. --mentioning the name of the very man Xvbom f Her' sister had' seen. Much surprised, the elder. ,aBked, " Did, you see him too, then ?" "Nb," said the younger ; " but while I was asleep the impression was .borne vividly on my mind that he was in this room." On being subsequently qu estioned how she came to think that the party she named was in the ; room, she said she could not tell, and had not thought of bin* before since his death.;i but she seemed to know intuitively that he' was present, without feeling the alarm,that; was exhibited, by her sifter. ; % ' 1 The latest American comrtiprciaV ngws j is to the efieot; that the '/««» Stone and} //au'ester were loftdinR at* Boston for Mel-'; bourne. TJii Hudson* at New York was! to sail on 'tho 10th June. She had 10,000, casesof= Icerovseno 'nnd 100,000 _ feet of lumber, engaged. The Call fornian. crop; Pavofirablo weather. ^ . The following remarkable operation was lately performed by, a G'enhan surge.bti :---' One of Inpatients, woupded by a'ball in the region 61 the stomach, had long baffled' liis skill. Thp ball c«>ujd;not- be cut out, , i because its precipe location was,not to be ascertained by; external search. V So, with the consent of tfie suffering, patient, he proceeded to inquire within. This was effected by introducing into the oesophagus (the passage leading fro,m th^ throat to the stomach) a small.glass tube, into which he passed an electric current, and placing the I patient nude in a dark {ilacev the'iluminous I power of the electric spark rendered the illuminated region >ufficienjti^, tr'dnsparent to enable the surgeon to'det^mine .the exact spot occupied by the ball. So, with drawing the electric light, he cut the ball out with ease and safety. The Wayr/a Wagrja: Express congratu lates inhabitants of that town that since the commencement of the Tichborne case, " Wagga Wagga is becoming a 'tow^ of quite a European reputation, and in the old country is,as familiarly talked of as by any of the residents of Riverina. The London Daily Telegraph, in discussing the- case in a leader has, however, taken some orthographical liberties,^ with the name of the town, and, spite'ofijs own lpw reports, insists upon dubbing it, Quagga, Quagga. The name as it is is hideous enough in all conscience, ami our Ijoiulori contemporary really might, we think, , not have tried its hand in.imprbving it into something worse. *Tom Castro' being well-known in the town and district, the trial here naturally excites .a great deal of interest, and every , scrap of evidence adduced is, in consequence, eagerly _ criti cised and debated with almost a feeling of personal interest. Opinions appear to be pretty well divided, and wany bets have been made upon the. result, of the trial, one set of people indignantly scouting'the idea of Castro beinf, anything hut an arrant impostor, and another jtist as strongly holding to the belief that his claim to the estates is legitimate, and will by his trial be clearly: established." , The Benalla Ensign mentions that " an accident happened at Tallagaroopna Sta tion on the >7th inst. to a young lad, napied Henry Oliphant, aged about 14 years,, which terminated in instantaneous death The facts are as followsSome men were engaggdJn the erection of an outbuilding close to the main premises, and while in the act of adjusting the first wall-plate iu its proper place, the posts, which were Jet in by mortice to the ground plates, sud denly overbalanced and came to the ground with great force,- crushing the un* fortunate youth beneath its weight." The Kilmore Free Press relates the fol lowing incident as having occurred at a place Hear Kilmore, where, there are two rival undertakers" A short' time ago a highly respeoted gentleman connected with the Masonic brotherhood departed this life, and' having no immediate relatives, some friends undertook the solemn duty of making the necessary arrangements for the burial. Both undertakers wer9 applied .to ns to the price-one who prides himself on his Cornish style of wrestling, and the other, who i belongs to the brethren, and owes allegiance to tlje Emperor of Ger many, knew something of sword exercise, acquired iii his younger days. The wrestler was 'successful in procuring the job, and this circumstance was attributed 'to some intrigue of1 a leather merohant, ; who is in the habit of making frequent boast, of British pluck, independence, and fuirplny. After the burial service had been concluded, tlie 'brethren returned to | their hotel, with the, view doubtless of i unrobing themselves, when the unsuccess ful applicant for conducting the' funeral invited the leather-man to an interview in the lodge-room.. The latter, in the' inno cence arid purity ot his soul, dreamiitgno hurra at the handsr of a brother, complied with the request, entered the room, which jwas immediately fastened by the under taker. A pair of swprds, us^d '^y tlie officers ofthe lodge, hurigiin their accuse toineil places ^^bwto^pf these 'the ^under-r taker took from the wall; and placing one in the hands of the leather merchant he drew the other from its scabbard, tolling! Leather if he was possessed of one spark of that honour and British fair-play about which he bad boasted, so much', to do like-' wise, and give him the satisfaction due to a gentleman. The attitude of the under-' taker and the: flushing of the bright steel drove a deadly terror to' the heart of the leather merchant, who stood as if paralyzed | for some seconds, and, he apparently : thought it was: almost certain that he could no'longer- cheat the undertaker of his: dues. Fortunately ;for' all concerned what might probably have been a death scene was happily averted by a gentleman who happened to be in the room when both entered. The incident, however, was of a most thrilling nature, and brings us back to the old days of chivalry and duelling about whi6h we read. There is some talk of the matter being brought more prominently before the public.'. A correspondent of, the Dalby Herald states that 14 wild horses having become so numerous on. Dnrimore, and their market value , so low, the proprietor, has deter mined . to destroy them, oh the run rather than incur the expense, of .mustering. A gentleman well known in this district as a crack: shot has now taken ;the, contract to shoot them. After. trying, all sorts of dodges and schemes to get: within range, he has hit upon the following plan, which answers admirably. He has obtained and dried the skin i of an .'old man' kangaroo, which he fixes upon his body, m&king; bjjn self look as like the original owner, as possible. The skin of the tail, about a f<)at .of which he has out off, ^angs loosely from his coat tail, When a mob of horses is sighted, he passes the barrel of his rifle between, his legs and down the hollow of the tail; holding the stock in his hands. He then hops slowly and gracefully on towards where the horses are grazing or in camp.. When he gets sufficiently near, he turns his back to the doomed animals, lowers his head as if he were going to feed, the' tail rises," a report is heard, and a horse drona. As many as twenty have and > four and -Ave in one mob is they keep coming up tor the;slaughtered^ ones, not knowing what? the deuce is up. During the last fewv weeks no less than 240 wild horses have been shot." The mail steamer took 102,000 ounces of gold from Melbourne. Thomas Myles, for. fratricide, was found guilty of manslaughter,, at.the Criminal Sessions in Melbourne, and remanded for sentence. . Hop growing has been commenced at Coleraine. ' , The Melbourne and Provincial Build in? and Investment SoOiety has not been R.success. At a meeting held the other day the speoial auditor reported that up ,to the Tst July last the society had lost £722 15s, 0a. After considerable dis cussion. as to what was best to bo done Under'the circumstances, it was resolved to invito tenders for the purohase of the assets of the company, and a com mittee, was authorized to take the .necessary steps to see that that was done. A correspondent of the Pastoral 2 tmes, Writing from the Upper Darling, reports: A frightful murder, followed by the suicide of the murderer, has occurred at Beeraery. Two Chinamen, employed on ^hat station quarrelled; one stabbed the other in . 13- place#, and ;jthen stabbed himself. Ho then took a dose of stryolmino, and wound up the tragedy by hanging himself to a tree." A-wholesale .destruction of kangaroos is thus described by .the Woolsthorpe corre spondent of the Belfast Gazette On Minjftb Station last week, great kangaroo hunting took place1. On Thursday, about 600'kanguroos were killed, on which occa sion every person abont, the district took a lively'part. On Saturday another hunt took place. About' 500 kangaroos w,ere yarded that day { in all about 2,000 were destroyed; thus making a .saving of grass for 2,000 sheep. The skins were sold on the spot at high rates. Since I wrote to you Lindsay's people have been very successful in kangaroo.hunting, . <Jn .Wednesday last, about 2,300 were killed at Quamby. On Thursday the hunting was again kept up with, pluck; Ware's folks" turned oUt to hunt on Minjah, ahd so far succeeded as to get about 1,000 kangaroos to the'mouth of the yards, when some, evil-disposed persons, who were hidden behind some trees, rushed.out with bouphs in hand, thus scattering all the mob they felt sure, of killing. The hunters, not to., bo beat, turned round after the'game, and tan them into Lindsay's yard, where about 700 met their death, tnus clearing two runs of 4,700 kangaroos in about a week's time, Not bad work is it ?" Mrs. Hopwood, the wife of Mr. George Hopwood, of Steiglitz, was the subject of a most singular occurrence on Monday last. It appears (says tjie Qeefong Advertiser) shewas doing some weeding in the garden, which is close by the township creek, and whilst thus engaged she felt something about her hand qniongst the weeds, which she thought was a toad. Almost instantly her hand and arm gave her great pain, and .she found that a small puncture had been made in the palm of her hand as if by a pin. She became faint and very ill, and called upon a neighbour. She was then taken to Dr, Delaporte who lives close by, and no sooner had she entered the house thai) the most alarming symptoms set in; she was paralysed' on one side, her face .was distorted, an I her appearance became most ghastly. The doctor administered doaes ot brandy and ammonia, scarified the wound and bathed it with ammonia. She became conscious under this treatment nnd was kept walking about, but it was with'the ^leatest difficulty she was kept from sleeping. For many hours she was thus attended to, and gradually became better. Although lVovv fionsiderecl out of danger she is stilt very weak and depressed. The garden has been, turned up apd searched every way but no venomous reptile has been found, iior is there any thing to be seen to account for this serious attack. Apparently she must have been, bitten by a snake. 