UNCLE SILAS: A TALE OF BABTRAM-HAUGH. A PpEmUNABY WORD. Bt J. S. LE FAKU, Author or " Wylder'a Hand," "Tlic Ilouet by the Churchyard. 1 ' ic, 4c. THE writer of this Tale ventures, iu his OTTO person, to address a very few words, chiefly of explanation, to his readers. A leading situation in this " Story of Bartraui-Haugb" is repeated, with a slight variation, from a short magazine tale of some fifteen pages written by him, and published long ago in a periodical under the title of "A Passage in the Secret History of an Irish Countess," and afterwards, still anonymously, in a small volume under an altered title. It is very unlikely that any of his readers should have encountered, and still more so that they should remember, this trifle. The bare possibility, however, he has ventured to anticipate by this brief explanation, lest he should, be charged with plagiarism—always a disrespect to a reader. May ho be permitted a few words also of remonstrance against the promiscuous application of the term "sensation" to that large school of fiction which transgresses no one of those cauous of construction and morality which, in producing the unapproachable "AVaverley Novels," their great author imposed upon himself ? Ko one, it is assumed, would describe Sir Walter Scott's romances as "sensation novels;" yet in t'iat ^arve'loijs series there is not a single talo in which death ime, Mid, in some form, mystery, have not place, [Passing by those grand romances of "Ivan- Foe," "Old Mortality," and " Kenilworth," with their terrible intricacies of crime apd bloodshed, constructed with so fine a mastery of the art of exciting suspense and horror, let the reader pick out those two exceptional novels in the series which profess to paint contemporary manners and the scenes of common life; and remembering in the "Antiquary" the vision in the tapestried chamber, the duel, the horrible secret, and the death of old Elspeth, the drowned fisherman, and above all the tremendous situation of the tide-bound party under the cliffs ; and in " St. Ronan'f "Well," the long-drawn mystery, the suspicion of insanity, and the catastrophe of suicide;— determine whether an epithet which it would be a profanation to apply to the structure of any, even the most exciting of Sir Walter Scott's stories, is fairly applicable to talcs which though inimitably inferior in execution, yet observe the same limitations of incident, •and the sa'ne moral aims. The author trusts that the Press, to whose masterly criticism and generous encouragement he and other humble labourers in the art owe so much, will insist upon the limitation of that degrading .term to the peculiar type of fiction which it w'as originally intended to - indicate, and prevfent, as they may, its being made to include the legitimate school of tragic English romance, which has been ennobled, and in great measure founded, by the genius of Sir Walter Scott. CHAPTER I. AUSTIN JIUTHYN, OS KM0WL, AJV'D HIS DAUGHTER. IT was winter—that is, about the second •week in November—and great gusts were . rattling at the windows, and wailing and thundering among our tall trees and ivied chimneys — a very dark night, and a very cheerful fire blazing, pleasant mixture of good round coal and spluttering dry wood, in a genuine old fireplace, in a sombre old room. Black wainscoting glimmered up to the coiling in small ebony panels; a cheerful clump of was candles ou the tea-table; many old portraits, some grim and pale, others pretty, and ^some fory graceful and charming, hanging from the wails. Few pictures, except portraits long and short, were there. On the whole, I think you would have taken the room for our parlour. It^was not like our modern notion of a drawing-room. It was a long room too, and- every way capacious, but irregularly shaped. A girl, of a little more than seventeen, looking, I believe, younger still; slight and rather tall, with a great deal of golden lmir, dark grey-eyed, and. with . a countenance rather sensitive and melancholy, was sitting at tho tea-table, in a reverie. I was tliat gill. The only- other person in the room—the only person in the house related to ine—was my father. Ee was Mr. Rutliyn, of Knowl, •eo called in his county, but he had many other places, was of a very ancient lineage, who had refused a baronetage often, and it •was said even a viscounty, being of a proud and defiant spirit, aud thinking themselves higher in station and purer of blood than two-thirds of the nobility into whose ranks, it was said, they had been invited to enter. Of all this family lore i knew but little and vaguely; only what is to be gathered from the fireside talk of old retainers in the nursery. I am sure my father loved me, and I know I loved him. With the erne instinct of childhood, I apprehended his tenderness, al- : though it was never expressed in common way8. But my father was an oddity. He liad been early disappointed in Parliament, •where it was his ambition to succeed. Though a clever man, he failed there, where very inferior men did extremely well. Then he went . -abroad, and became a connoisseur and a collector ; took a part, oil. his return, in literary and scientific institutions, and also in the foundation and direction of some charities. But he tired of this mhnic government, and gave himself up to a country fife, not that of a sportsman, but rather of a student, staying sometimes at one of his places and sometimes .at another, and living a secluded life. . Bather late in life he married, and his beautiful young wife died, leaving me, their . only child, to his care. This bereavement, I ., have .bean told, changed him—made him more odd and taciturn than ever, and his temper also, except to me, more severe. There -was also some disgrace about his younger brother—my ancle Silas—which be J felt bitterly. Be was now walking up and down this \-- spacious old room, which, extending round an .angle at the t&tend;, 'was vary dark in thai quarter. It was Shis wont to walknp and 4own thus, without speaking—an exercise n-liich ossed to remind me of Chateaubriand's father in the great chamber/>f the Chateau de Combourg. - At. the far end he nearly disappeared in-the gioom, and then returning p ; £meiged for a few minutes^ like a portrait • withA iaekgroundof shfidowyk»nd then again ~rt%3eti6e i£ied,»e^ly, out ofviesr. This .monotony end silence would have been terrifying to.a person less accustomed to it than I. As it was, it had its effect. I have known iny father a whole day without once speaking to me. Though I loved : him , very much, I was also much in awe of him. While my father paced the floor, my thoughts were employed about the events of a month before. So few things happened at Knowl out of the accustomed routine, that a very trifling occurrcnce was enough to set people wondering and conjecturing in that sereno household. My father lived in remarkable seclusion ; except for . a ride, he hardly ever left the grounds of Knowl; and I don't think it happened twice in the year that a visitor sojourned among us. There was not even that mild religious bustle which sometimes besets the wealthy and moral recluse. My father had left the Church of England for some odd sect, I forget its name, and ultimately became, I was told, a Swedenborgian. But he did not care to trouble me upon the subject. So the old carriage brought my governess, when I had one, the old housekeeper, Mrs. IteU. aud myself to the parish church every Sundu \ . And my father, in the view of the honest rector who shook his • hoad over him—" a cloud without water, carried about of winds, and a wandering star to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness"—corresponded with the " minister" of his church, and was provokingly contented with his own fertility aud illumination ; and Mrs. Rusk, who was a sound and bitter ckurchwoniau, said he fancied he saw visions and talked with angels like the rest of that " rubbitch." I don't km.w that s'10 had any better foundation than analogy and conjecture for charging my father with supernatural pretensions ; aud in all'poinis when her orthodoxy was not concerned, sho loved her master and was a loyal housekeeper. I found her one morning superintending preparations for the reception of a visitor, in the huuting-i-oom it was called, from the pieces of tapestry that covered its walls, representing scenes & la Woueermans, of falconry, and the chase, dogs, hawks, ladies, gallants, and pages. In the midst of whom Mrs. Rusk, in black silk, was rummagiug drawers, counting linen, and issuing orders. " Who is coming, Mrs. Rusk?" Well, she only knew bis name. It was a Mr. Bryerly. ily papa expected him to dinner, and to stay for some days. " I guess he's one of those creatures, dear, for I mentioned his name just to Dr. Clay (the rector), aud he says there in a Doctor Bryerly, a great conjurer among the Swedenborg sect—and that's him, I do suppose." In my hazy notions of these sectaries there was mingled a suspicion of necromancy, and a woird freemasonry, that inspired something of awe and antipathy. Mi-. Bryerly arrived time enough to dress at his leisure, before dinner. He entered the drawing-room—a tall, lean man, all in ungainly black, with a white choker, with either a Mack wig, or black hair, dxtssed in imitation of one, a pair of spectacles, and a dark, sharp, short visage, -tubbing his large hands together, and with a short brisk nod to me, whom ho plainly regarded merely as a child, he sat down before the lire, crossed his legs, and took up a magazine. This treatment was mortifying, and I remember very well tho resentment of which he was quite unconscious. His stay was not very long; not one of us divined the object of his visit, and he did not prepossess us favourably. He seemed restless, as men of busy habits do in country houses, and took walks, and a drive, and read in the library, and wrote half a dozen letters, His bed-room and dressing-room were at tho side of the gallery, directly opposite to my father's, which had a sort of anto-j noin en mite, in which wero some of his theulogical books. The day after Mr. Bryerlv's arrival, I was about to .see whether my father's water carafle and glass had been duly laid on the table in the ante-room, and in doubt whether he was there, I knocked at the door. I suppose they were too intent on other matters to hoar, but receiving no answer, I entered the room. My father was sitting in his chair, with his coat and waistcoat off, Mr. Bryerly kneeling on a stool beside him, rather facing him, his black scratch wig leaning close to my father's grizzled hair. There was a large tome of their divinity lore, I suppose, open on the table close by. The lank black figure of Mr. Bryerly stood up, and ho concealed something quickly in the breast of his coat. My father stood up also, looking paler, I think, than I ever saw him till then, and he pointed grimly to the door, and said, " Go." Mr. Bryerly pushed me gently back with his hands to my shoulders, and smiled down from his dark features with an expression quite unintelligible to me. I had recovered myself in a second, aud withdrew without a word. The last thing I saw at the door was the tall, slim figure in black, and the dark, significant smile following me : and then the door was shut and locked, and the two Swedenborgians were left to their mysteries. I remember ,go well the kind of shock and disgust I felt in The certainty that I had surprised them at some, perhaps, debasing incantation—a suspicion of this Mr. Bryerly, of the ill-fitting black coat, and white choker -and a sort of fear came upon me, and I fancied he was asserting some kind of mastery over my father, which Tery much alarmed me. I fancied all sorts of dangers. in the enigmatical smile of the lank high- priest. The image of my father, as I had seen him, it might be, confessing to this man in black, who was I knew not what, haunted me with the disagreeable uncertainties of a mind very uninstructed as to the limits of the marvellous. I mentioned it to no one. But I was immensely relieved when the sinister visitor took his departure the morning after, and it was upon this occurence that my mind was now employed. Some one said that Dr. Johnson resembled a ghost, who must be spoken to before it will speak. But my father, in whatever else he may have resembled a ghost, did not in that particular; for no one but I in his household —rani I very seldom.—dared to address him until first addressed by'him. I had no notion how singular (his was tmlil I began.to go,.out a little among friends and relations, and found no such rule in force anywhere else. As I leaned bach in my chair thinking, this hantasm of my father came, and tamed, and vanished with a solemn. regularity. It was a black velvet coat and waistcoat. It was, however, the fignr.e of an elderly rather than an old man—t hough he was then past seventy —-hut firm, and with no sign of feebleness. I remember the start with which, not suspecting that he was close by me, I lifted my eyes, and saw that large, rugged countenance looking fixedly on me, from less than a yard away. After I saw him, he continued to regard me for a second or two ; and then, taking one of the heavy candlesticks hi his gnarled hand, he beckoned me to follow him ; which, in silence and wondering, I accordingly did. He led me across the hall, where there wi.-re lights burning, and into a lobby by the foot of the back stairs, and so into his library. It is a long, narrow room, with two tall, slim windows at the far end, now draped in dark curtains. Dusky it was with but one candle; and he paused near the door, at the left-hand side of which stood, in those days, an old-fashioned press or cabinet of carved oak. In front of this he stopped. He had odd, absent ways, and talked more to himself, I believe, than to all the rest of the world put together. " She won't understand," he whiskered, looking at me enquiringly. " No, she won't. Will she ?" Then there was a pauso, during which he brought forth from his breast pocket a small bunch of some half-dozen keys, on ono of which he looked frowningly, every now and then balancing it a little before his eyes, between his finger and thumb, as he deliberated. I knew him too well, of course, to interpose a word. " They are easily frightened—ay, they are. I'd better do it another way." And pausing, he looked in my face as ho might upon a picture. " They are —yes—I had better do it another way—another way ; yes—and she'll not suspect—she'll not suppose." Then he looked steadfastly upon, the key, and from it to me, suddenly lifting it up, and said abruptly, " See, child," and, after a second or two, " Remember this key." It was oddly shaped, and unlike others. "Yes, sir." I always called him " sir." •' It opens that," and he tapped it sharply on the door of the cabinet. " In the daytime it is always here," at which word he dropped into his pocket again. " You see ?— and at night under my pillow—your hear mo ?" " Yes, sir." "You won't forget this cabinet—oak—next the door—on your left—you won't forget ?" " Su 1 , sir." " Pity she's a girl, and so young—ay, a girl, and so young—no sense—giddy. You say, you'll remember ?" " Yes, sir." " It behoves you." He turned round and looked full upon me, like a man who has taken a sudden resolution ; and I think for a moment ho had made up his mind to tell me a great deal more. But if so be changed it again ; and after another pauso, he said slowly and sternly— " You will tell Jiobody what I have said, under pain of my displeasure." " Oh ! no, sir." "Good child!" " Except" he resumed, " under one contingency ; that is, in case I should he absent, and Dr. Bryerly—you recollect the thin gentleman, in spectacles and a black wig, who spent three days here last month—should come and enquire for the key, you understand, in my absence." " Yos, sir." So he kissed mo on the forehead, and said— " Let us return." Which, accordingly, we did, in silence; the storm outside, like a dirge on a great organ, accompanying our flitting. CHAPTER N. UNCLE SILAS. When we reached the drawing-room, I resumed my chair, and my father his slow and regular walk to and fro, in the great room. Perhaps it was tho uproar of tho wind that disturbed the ordinary tenor of his thoughts : but, whatever was the cause, certainly ho was unusually talkative that night. After an interval of nearly half an hour, he drew near again, and sat down in a highbacked chair, beside • the fire, and nearly opposite to me, and looked at me steadfastly for some time, as was his wont, before speaking ; and said he— "This wont do—you must have a governess." In cases of this kind I merely set down my book or work, as it might bo, and adjusted myself to listen without speaking. " Your French is pretty well, and your Italian ; but you have no German. Your music may be pretty good—I'm no judge— but your drawing might bo better—yes—yes. I believe there are accomplished ladies— finishing governesses' they call them—who undertake more than any one teacher would have professed in my time, and do very well. She can prepare you, and next winter, then, you shall visit France and Italy, where you may bo accomplished as highly as you Thank yoti, Sir." You 6hnll. It is nearly six months since Miss EUerton left you—too long without a teacher." Then followed an interval. "Dr..Bryerly will ask .you flbont thai key* and what it opens; you show all that to turn, and no one else/' " But," I said, for I had_ a great terror of disobeying him in ever so minute a matter, " you will then be absent, sir—how am I to find the key?" . He smiled on me suddenly—a bright but wintry smile—it seldom came, and was very transitory, and kindly though mysterious. " Trne, child ; I'm glad yon are so wise; that, yon will find, I have provided for, and you shall know exactly where", to look. You have remarked how. solitarily I live. You fancy, perhaps, I have not got a friend, and yon are nearly right—nearly, but not alto- I have a very- sure friend—one—a friend whom I once misunderstood, but now appreciate." I wondered silently whether, }fc could he Uncle Silas. He'll make me-a call, some day soon; I'm not quite sure when. I won't tell yon his name—you'll hear that soon enough, and 1 don't wbnt it talked of; andJE most make a little journey with him. You'll not be afraid of beingloft alone' for a time ?," • ''And have yon promised, jar5V-I answered,. With, .another ^question,'- n»y- •curiosity - 4uul' anxiety overcoming my .awe* He. took my. questioning very good-humouredly.. " Well—promise ?—no, child ; but I'm. nndcr condition; he's not to be denied.. I must make the excursion with him the moment he calls. I have. no choice ; but, . on. the whole, I rather like it—remember, I say, 1 rather like it." And he smiled again, with the same meaning, that was at once stern and sad. The exact purport of these sentences remained fixed in my mind, so that even at this distance of time I am quite sure of them. A person quite unacquainted with mj father's habitually abrupt and cold way of talking, would have fancied that he was possibly a little disordered in his mind. But no such suspicion for a moment troubled me. I was quite sure that he spoke of a real person who was coming, and that his journey was something momentous; and when the visitor of whom he spoke did come, and he departed with him upon that mysterious excursion, I perfectly understood bis language and his reasons, for saying so much and yet so little. Yon are not to suppose that all my hours were passed in the sort of conference and isolation of which I have just given you a specimen ; and singular and even awful as sometimes were my tete-a-tetes with my father, I had grown so accustomed to his strange waj : s, and had so unbounded a confidence in his affection, that they never depressed or agitated me in the manner you might have supposed. I had a great deal of quite a different sort of chat with good old Mrs. Rusk, and very pleasant talks with Mary Quince, my somewhat ancient maid ; and, besides all this, I had now and then a visit of a week or so at the house of some one of our county neighbours, and occasionally a visitor—but this, I must own, very rarely—at Know], There had come now a little pause in my father's revelations, and my fancy wandered away upon a fl'ght of discovery. Who, I again thought, could this intending visitor be, who was to come, armed with the prerogative to make my stay-at-home father forthwith leave his household gods—his books and his child—to whom he clung, and set forth on an unknown knight-errantry? Who but Uncle Silas, I thought—that mysterious relative whom I had never seen—who was, it had in old times been very darkly hinted to me, unspeakably unfortunate or unspeakably vicious—whom I had seldom heard my father mention, and then in a hurried way, and with a pained, thoughtful look. Once only he had said anything from which I could gather my father's opinion of him, and then it was so slight and enigmatical that I might have filled in tho character very nearly as I pleased.. It happened thus. One day Mrs. Rusk was in the oak-room, I being then about fourteen. She was removing a stain from a tapestry chair, and I .watched the process with a childish interest. She sat to rest herself—sho hud 1). o i.stooping over her work —and threw her head back, for her head was weary, and in this position she fixed her eyes on a portrait that hung'before her. It was a full-length, and represented a singularly handsome young man, dark, slender, elegant, in a costume theu quite obsolete, though I believe it was seen- at the beginning of this century—white leather pantaloons aud top-boots, a buff waistcoat, and a chocolatecoloured coat, and the hair long and brushed back. There was a remarkable elegauce and a delicacy in the features—a character of resolution and ability that quite took the portrait out of the category of mere fops or fine men. When people looked at it for the first time, I have so often heard the exclamation—" What a wonderfully handsome man I " and then, "What a clever face I" An Italian greyhound stood by him, and some slender columns and a rich drapery in the background. But though the accessories were of the luxurious sort, and the beauty, as I have said, refined, there was a masculine force in that slender oval face, and a fire in the large, shadowy eyes, which were very peculiar, and quite redeemed it from the suspicion of effeminacy. o r o s p a l " Is not that Uncle Silas ? " said I. " Yes, dear," answered Mrs. Husk, looking, with her resolute little face, quietly on the portrait. " He must be a very handsome man, Mrs. Rusk. . Don't you think so ?" I continued. "He was my dear—yes; but it is forty years since that was painted—the date is there in the corner, in the shadow that comes from his foot, and forty years, I cau tell you, makes a change iu most of. Us;" and Mrs. Rusk laughed, in cynical good-humour. There was a little pause, both still looking on the handsome man in top-boots, and I said— " And why, Mrs. Rusk, is papa always so sad about Uncle Silas?" "What's that, child?" said my father's voice, very near.. I looked round, with a start, and flushed and faltered, receding a step from him, " No harm, dear. You have said nothing wrong, he said, gently, observing my alarm. " You said I was always sad, I think, about Uncle Silas. Well, I don't know how you gather that; but if I were, I will now tell you, it would not be unnatural. Your uncle is a man of great talents, great faults, and great wrongs.. His talents. have not availed him; his faults are long ago repented of; and his wrongs I believe he feels less than I do, but they are deep. Did she. say any more, madam?" he demanded, abruptly of .Mt-s. Rusk. " Nothing, sir," with a stiff little courtesy, answered Mrs. Rusk, who stood in awe of him. " And there is no need, child," he cod-1 tinued, addressing himself to me, " that you should think moreof him at present. Clear your head of Uncle Silas. One day, perhaps, you will know him—yes, very well—and understand how villiana have injured him." Then my father retired, and at the door he said- Mrs. Rusk, A word, if you please," beckoning to that lady! who trotted after him' to the library. - I think he then laid some injunction npon the housekeeper, which was transmitted by her to Mary Quince, for from that time forth I could never lead either to talk with me about Uncle Silas. They let me talk on, but were reserved and silent themselves, aftd.seeBied embarrassed, and Mrs. -Rude sometimes pettish and ahgiy, when I pressed for information. Thus cariosity was piqued; and round the slender portrait in the leather pantaloons and top-hoots gathered many-coloured circles of mystery, and the handsome features seemed to smile Sown npon my baffled curiosity with a provoking significance. Wly- is it that this^form of ambition-— Curiosity—which entered in! h i u A f our first parent, is so specially hard- to: esist ? Knowledge. is power—and power of a ne sort or another is the secret Idst of human ouls; and here is, beside the sense of exloration, the undofmable interest of a story, nd above all, something forbidden, to stimuate the contumacious appetite^ CHAPTER HI. A NEW FA0JS. I think it was about a .fortnight after that conversation in which my father had expressed his opinion, and. given me the mysterious charge about the . old oak cabinet in his library, as already detailed, that I was one night sitting at the great drawing-room window, lost in the melancholy reveries of night, and in admiration of the moonlighted scene. I was the only occupant of the room; and the lights near the fire, at its farther end, hardly reached to the window at which I sat. The shorn gross sloped gently; downward from the windows till it met the broad level on which stood, in clumps, or solitarily, scattered, some of the noblest timber in England. H»e in the moonbeams stood those graceful trees casting their moveless shadows upon the ^rass, and in the background crowning the undulations of the distance, in masses, were piled those woods among which lay the solitary tomb where the remains of my beloved mother rested. The air was still. The silvery vapour bung serenely on the far horizon, and tbe frosty stars blinked brightly., Everyone knows the effect of such a scene on a mind already saddened. Fancies and regrets float mistily in the dream, and tbe scene affects us with a strange mixture of memory and anticipation like some sweet old air heard in the distance. As my eyes rested on those, to .me, funereal but glorious woods, which formed the background of the. picture } my thoughts recurred to my fiither's mysterious intimations and the ima^e of the approaching visitor; and the thought of the unknown journey saddened me In all that concerned his religion, from very early association, there was to me something of the unearthly and spectral. When my dear mamma died I was not nine years old; and I remember, two days before tbe funeral, there came to Knowl, where she died, a thin little man, with large black eyes, anil a very grave, dark face, He was shut up a (rood deal with my dear father, who was in deep affliction; and Mrs. Kusk used to say, " It is rather odd to see him proving with that little scarecrow from Loudon, and good Mr. Clay ready at call, in the. village; much good that little black whipper-snapper will do him !'' With that little black man, on the day after the funeral, T was s^nt out, for some reason, for a walk ; my governess was ill, f know, and there was confusion in the house, and I dare say the maids made as much of a holiday as they could I remember feeiing a sort of awe of this little dark man; but I was not afraid of him for he was gentle, though firm—and spemed kind. HH led me into the garden—the Dutch garden, we usod to call it—with a balustrade, and statues at the farther front, laid out in a carpet-pattern of brilliantly-colored flower6. We came down the broad flight of Caen stone steps into this, and we walked in silence to the balustrade. The base was too high at the spot wticre we reached it for me to see over; but holding my hand, he said, " Look through that, my child. Well, you can't; but I can see beyond it—shall I tell you what 1 I see ever so much. I see a cottage with a steep roof, that 'ooks like gold in the sunlight; there are tall trees throwing soft sluuiows round it, and flowering shrubs, I can't say what, only tbe colors are beautiful, growing by tbe walls and windows, and two little children are playing among the steins of the trees, and we me on o <r way there, and in a tew minutes, shall be under" those trees ourselves, aud talking to those children. Yet now to me it is but a picture in my braio and to you but a story told by me, which you believe. Come, dear; let us be going." So we descended the steps at the right, and side by side walked along the grass lane between the tall trim walls of evergreens. The way was in depp shadow, for the sun was near the horizon ; but suddenly we tinned to the left, and there we stood in rich sunlight, among the many objects he had described. " Is this your house, my little men ?!' he asked of the children—pretty little rosy boys —who assented; and be leaned with his open band against the stem of one of the trees, and with a grave soiile be. nodded down to me, saying- " You see now, and hear, and feel for yonrself that both the vision and tbe story were quite true; but come on, my dear, we have further to go.'" And relapsing into silence we had a long ramble through tbe wood, the same on which I was now looking in the distance. Every now and then be made me s t down to rest, and be in a musing solemn S'irt of way would relate some little story, reflecting, even to my childish mind, s strange suspicion of a spiritual meaning,, but different from wbat honest Mrs, Rusk used :to expound to. me from the Para hies, and, somehow, startling in .its very vagueness. Thus entertained, though a little awfully, I accompanied the dark mysterious little " whipper-snapper" through the woodland glades. . We came, to me quite unexpectedly, in the deep sylvan shadows, upop tbe grey, pillared temple, four-fronted, with a slanting pedestal of lichen-stained steps* the.. lonely sepulchre in which I had tbe morning before seen poor mamma laid. At the 'Gigfit the fountains of my grief reopened* and I cried bitterly, repeating, " Ob i mamma, mamma, little mamma!" and So went on weeping and calling wildly on the deaf and. silent. There was.a stone bench some ten steps.away from the total). " Sit. down beside me, my child," said the grave man Vwith the black eyes, very kindly and gently. "•• " Now, wbat do you see there he asked, pointing horizontally with bis. sticks.towards .the .centre of tbe opposite, structure. "<Jh, that—that place where poor mamma is?" Yes, a' pfone wall with pillars, too high for either you or me.to see-over. 1 But——. Here he mentioned a name which I think mngt. have been .Swedetihorg, from .what J afterwards learot of iris tenets and revelations; I only know that it sounded.to me like the name of a magician id a fairy tale; I fancied., e lived in .tile' wood, which surrpnnded us, j and I began to grow frightened as. be j, seeded. j But 3*yedpnhorg sees .beyond it, fiver, and j hrttygh il, audjias titld me.an.tli^t concerns j' s Jto fcDOtjr.. He.sayg yojjr ^•^nipa is nojt J_ ete«", * fin " Sh ?„ is ^ken: ' cried; starting „ D nd-with, streaming eyes, gazing on t, building which,- though I stamped mv Ltmy -distraction, I was aft.id to ajprolh " Ob, M mamma taken away ? WCL -' she ? Where have they brought her to P ^ I was uttering unconsciously vert the question with which Mary,'in the Z"ithat wondrous morning on which she sUdh ' the empty -sepulchre,, accosted tbe standing near. t Jre " Your mamma is alive, but too far aw av to see or bear us; but Swedenboro- stan here, can see and hear her, and tells' me ail hf sees, just as I told you in the garden about the httle boys and the cottage, and tbe trees and flowers which you could not see, but believed •n .when 2 told you. So I can tell you now as I did then ; and as we are both, I bone walking nn to the same place, j UPt ns we d>d to the trees and cottage, you wi|i sure;° see with your own eyes how true is the description which 1 gi ve vou » 1 was very much frightened, f or I f eareil that when he had done his narrative we were to walk on through the wood ift t0 that place of wonders HUd of shadows wher the dead were vi*il>?«. He leaned h* 0n his knee, nnd his forehead on bis hand, which sbr,<W his downcast eyes, and in that n:.:-,,^ described to me a beautiful landscape, miiau with a wondrous light, in which, rejoicing ClV mother moved along an airy path, ascendi™ among mountains of fantastic height a4 peaks, melting celestial colouring i Dt' 0 the air, and peopled with human beings translated into the same image, beauty, and splendour. And when he had ended his relation, he rose took my hand, and smiling gently do*n on my pale, wondering face, he said the 8ame words he bad spoken before— " Come, daor, let us be going." « Oh! no, no, «o- llot now,"'l said, resisting, and very much frightened. " Home, f mean, dear. We cannot walk to the place I have described. We can or.W reach it through the gate of death, to which we are all tending, young and old, with sure steps. " And where is tbe gate of death T' I asked in a sort of whisper, as we walked together, holding his hand very fast, and looking stealthily. He smiled sadly aud said— " When, sooner or later, tlin time comes, as Hagars eyes were opened in the wilderness, and she beheld the fountain of water, so shall each of us sre the door open before us, and enter in and be refreshed." For a long time after this walk T was very nervous; the more so for the awful manner in which Mrs. Rusk received my statmiieut— with stern lips and upturned bands and "yns, and an angry expostulation: "Ido wnuler at you, Mary Quince, letting tlife child ,v„lk into the wood with that limb of darkness. It is a mercy he did not show her the devil, IT frighten her out of her senses, iu that ionelj place!'' Of these Swedenborgians, indeed, I know no more than 1 might learn from gooj .Mrs, Rusk's very inaccurate talk. Two or tlirue ol them crossed in tbe course of mv esrlv !i/» like magic-lantern figuita, the di^k of my very circumscribed observation. All outside was and is darkness. I once tried to r.iad one of their hooks upon the future stateheaven and bell j but 1 givw after a day or two so nervous that I l.iid it aside. It is enough for me to know that their founder either saw or fancied he saw amazing visions, which, so far from superseding, confirmed and interpreted the language of the Rible; and as ^-ar papa accepted their ideas, I am happy in tbinkin™ tliat they did not conflict with the supremu authority of Holy Writ. Leaning on mv hand, I was now Ionising upon thai solemn woo<l, white and shadowy in tbe moonlight, where, for a long time after that ramble with t!i° visionary, I fancied t!jn gate of death, hi-llen only' by a strange !>i,mn>>.ii', riTiii dazzling land of ghost?, were smi.ue , und I suppose these enrlv assncoitions gave to my reverie about my uahir'o coming visitor a wilder and a saduoi- tinge. CHAPTER IV. , MADAME DE LA. HOOGIEERE. On n sudden, on the grass before inp, stood an odd figure—a very tall woman in grey draperies, nearly white under the moon, courtesying extraordinarily low, and rather fantastically. I stared in something like a horror upon the lHrge and rather hollow features which I did not know, smiling very .unpleasantly on me; and the moment it was plain that I saw her, the grey woman began gobbling and cackling shrilly—I could not distinctly hear tvhat through the window—and gesticulating . oddly with li^r long hands and arms. As she drew near the window, I ihw to the fireplace, and rang the bell iranticnllv, and seeing her still there, and fearing that she might break into thn room, I flew out of thtf . door, very much frightened, and. met Grant' tin the butler in the lobby. " There's a -woman at tbe window!" f gasped tnrn her aw.iy, please." If I bad said a man, I suppose fat Braniton would have summoned and sent forward a detachment of footmen. As it was, he bowed gravely, with a " W&, 'm—shall, 'm." And with an air of authority pointed to tbe window. I don't think that he was pleasantly impressed him-elftiv tbe first eight of our visitor, tor .he stopped short some steps off the win- . doW, and demanded rather sternly— • " What ye.doin' there, woman ?" To this summons, her answer, which occupied a little time, was inaudible to ma. Lilt Bnmston replied— " I wasn't aware, ma'am j I lieerd Tiotliii'; if you'il go round that way, you'll see the hfill-door steps, and I'll speak to thq. master, and. do as he shall order." TIIK figure said something, and pointed. " Ve^ that's it, and ye,can't miss of tie door.". And Mr. Branston returned slowly dotfn the long room, and halted with out-turned . pumps .and a grave inclination before me, ani tbe . faintest amount of interrogation in .(he - announcement— " Please, 'm, she says she's the governess." "The governess! What governess ?" Branston was too well-bred to smile, he gaid thoughtfully— " Props, 'm, .I'd best ask the master ?" To whicL t assented, and away strode ta« flat pump? of the butler to the library, I stood, breathless in.the ball. EVJ^V girl at my./age. knows how. much is invobf^ - in such, an .adjrent. I also heard Mrs. Ruffe in a minute' or two more, emerge I siipp-* fra?a the. study. She Valked qyickljr, «w - uUered sharply to herself—an evil tridt,**'* 