Like the. many and inscrutable changes of the world, multiplied as to frequency by those of this country, the McCulloch Admi nistration has followed in the train of the ghosts of departed Governments. Visions arise -before us of the dim, Past, when Vic- torian Governments vanished in the haze of uncertainty, and phantoms of a more realis tic mould took their places, only to pass away at the hand of a potent power bearing as strong component elements — caprice and love of change. The belief in " Vox Populi, suprema Lex" much and fondly as our com munity would like to hold it, it is sad to think exists on a purely imaginary basis. Has that 14 Voice of the People" said to be the supreme Law" had anything whatever to do with the late dead-set against Sir James McCulloch ? Has not. the combina tion to "oust the Ministry,' been for that purpose alone ? It is only a phase of life on a lesser scale. The love of change is inhe rent in everyone who has travelled. The more a man sees of the world, whatever he may think of it, and however acute he may . deem his powers of observation, the more he is desirous of seeing. Contentment, with people having health .and aspiration, is said to be an impossibility. Stern truth compels us to believe that . ' . w Man wants but little here below . Nor wants that little long" is an assertion utterly insupportable except by an English rustic whose village is his world. The mild genius whose height of aspiration led him to exclaim 44 Give me a cot in tha valley I love, . . ' - A tent in the greenwood, a home in the grove" had never sought his cot, his tent, or las valley in Australia ; and even he was ob liged to adapt this charming limit of hap piness to an hypothesis that this was all he would ask, as he avers " If but one faithful 1 heart would but share it" with him. We do not suppose for a moment that the real ques tion of the Property Tax had much to do with the overthrow of the McCulloch Minis try. It was a question which an adroit de bater could turn immensely to his advantage in talking of its indirect consequences to the "poor man." Sir James McCulloch had to succumb as much to the sophisms of argu ment as ts the force actually brought to bear against him on a division in which but sis m embers of the Assembly were absent. The numbers were especially significant never theless, forty-eight as against twenty-four, giving a majority equal to the Ministerial voting power. This is decisive enough to the most hopeful mind, but out of the deci sion comes the question, What next ?— and next? "Scrooge," in Dickens's famous Christ mas book, could bewail the memory brought by the ghost of Christmas Past ; was able to understand the ghost of Christmas pre sent ; but that of the Christmas yet to come troubled and pained him because of its mere indistinctness. We confess ourselves as no disciple of the school of unbelief in this .res pect, and have every faith in the capacity of our representatives of both Houses to form a new administration, whether at the invi tation of Mr Duffy or other skilled leader. Whatever may be its oomponent parts its line of progress is not an easy one to define in the present 'state of the colony. The late leader spoke truly when on Tuesday night he dwelt on the increasing duties of the Vic torian Government, and deprecated the con tinual application for national loans as calcu-" lated to damage the position and prestige this country has obtained for herself in the world's progression. We can only write under the impression that the longing for political change has had much to do with late events in Melbourne, and whether the step taken will lead to improvement we do not think anyone has the power to divine. As we once before said upon a similar topic, all we can do for the present is to "Wait and hope." We have much pleasure in observing that local governing bodies have, in many places availed, themselves of the graceful offer, of the head of the Botanical department of Victoria to supply umbrageous and other shrubs and trees for the comfort and adorn ment of many clusters of Australiau.homes. On gold-fields the surface of the ground is generally, in geological formation, of an arid and comparatively unfruitful character. Gome of the former swayers of our local destinies were not unmindful of the adap tability of a wide street for ornament in the way of arboriculture, and we have a goodly shew of trees in the High-street enclosures of Avoca, some — especially those indigenous to the soil — growing with astonishing rapi dity, while those encumbered by a choking of weed-growth are stunted and peep up with a melancholy look, as if imploring more sun and air. This may seem a simple subject for remark, but a little careful con sideration will show that it is not so unim portant as it would at first seem. It has long been understood that the growth of trees encourages the descent of rain by atmospherical attraction ; while their value as affording a cool rejief to the eye in our hot summers is far greater than most of us dream or. Settlers m the early days of new gold-fields will, if they give a thought to the matter, endorse the belief on this head. In continental towns and cities the growth of trees is fostered and insisted on in a high degree. Vienna and Berlin have their shady and beautiful promenades, and so had poor Paris before her cruel spoliation. The coolness and beauty encouraged healthy exercise and added to the comfort of the lovers of all descriptions of locomotion. Constantinople revels in arboriculture and even bleak Norway has its village planta tions. Our simple desire at this time is to. suggest, with all due regard to the fore- thought of our Pyrenean neighbours, that now is the time to secure, to settled spots of habitation those supplies of shrubs and trees which may be had by respectful ask ing, and which would be beneficial in more respects than one, apart from the landsoape view of the question. We would put a case in point. Supposing Percydale, for instance, had been designed as to formation of streets in anything like common order, what a relief would be accorded by a contrast of quick- growing shrubs! Whereas, now, there are nothing but tortuous windings, rugged gable- ends and Chinese abominations, olfactory - and otherwise. A little care, the trifling exercise of forethought, might, have pre vented all this. We write these few words in the remembrance of a recent exclamation, " What a pretty district this might have been!" Up to the time of our going to press nothing had reached us of importance relative to the political crisis. The Mutual Improvement Society held its' usual weekly meeting in the Wesleyan School House, on Wednesday evening last. The mere routine busi ness of nominating and electing new members, etc, having been disposed of, Mr Joseph Green read an exceedingly well written and carefully prepared essay on 44 The Progress of Navigation," which was listened to with the utmost attention, and deserv- ingly applauded at its conclusion. After the usual criticism had taken place, , an unanimous vote of thanks was passed to Mr Green, and ordered to be iuscribed on the minutes. Several notices of motion were tabled, amongst which was one that ladies be admitted members of the society. The proposition at first appeared to meet with very little favour, but it was urged in its support that similar societies in the colony admitted the fair sex, and it was argued that it showed a selfish feeling now that the society was fast becoming a success to exclude ladies from its benefits. The question will come on for consideration at the next meeting. The Bev Ralph Brown has also promised to deliver a lecture on 44 Phrenology" next Wednesday evening, and it is requested that members will attend early, as the business paper is a heavy one. The Arabs have a proverb, which, like very many of those of Persian origin, has been roughly turned ii to English in the words "earn money like a horse ; spend it like an ass." The deductive truth of this saying was exemplified in a case brought before the Avoca Police Court on Wednesday last, which will be found reported iu its proper place. A couple of men, hitherto not very lucky, and in all probability complaining of the lot of the 44 poor working miner," in poetic mining phrase, "struck a patch" at Lamplough and realised something over a hundred pounds between them. This appears to have been such an embarrassmeut of riches that it became necessary to ease the load of present wealth as being too oppressive. Accordingly a snug place of resort is found, and the suddenness of gain results in a complaint of quick and uncertain loss. Hence a summons to restore some of the money, and through inability to keep a check upon reckoning, its consequent dismissal. We thought the days of M knocking down" were all but ended, but find that so long as proverbs obtain there will be exam - amples to illustrate them. ;We remind our readers that the mail for Europe closes this morning at the local Post Office at half- past ten. It is the very last day. The Court of Petty Sessions at Moonambel on Thursday last was occupied by the hearing of ap plications for certificates for. publicans' licenses, the magistrates present being C. W. Carr, Esq., P.M., and A'. R. Mackenzie, Esq., J. P. Certificates were granted in the following cases upon proof of the usual notices : — Mr John Collins, Moonambel ; Mrs Wilson, Warrenmang ; Mrs Clarke, Middle Creek, and Messrs McGrath and Crawlew, both of Middle Crek. v ' An inquest was held before Leonard Worsley, Esq., the District Coroner, on Thursday last, at Rockbank, iu the parish of Bung Bong, on the body of William Poynton, aged sixty- two, who had died suddenly at Rockbank, near the Glenmona Station. Deceased had been employed on the station, but of late had been an inmate of the -Amherst Hospital, suffering from lung-disease, but had left that institution some month since. About three o'clock on Wednesday morning, de ceased suddenly complained of pressure on the chest, and was supported in a sitting position in bed in the arras of his wife, when he died. The Regis trar of Deaths for the district declined to make the entry in the register without an inquest, and the coroner was therefore applied to, The evidence of Dr M4Mahon,who made a post mortem examination, proved that disease of the chest had existed, and hence the sudden death. A verdict was returned by the jury in accordance with the surgical testi mony. In indirect connection with the recent opening of the new Talbot Oddfellows District, we are pleased to notice, from the Castiemainc Representa tive that a banquet was given by the Oastlemaine Lodge to the two Grand Officers of the colony, G.M. Joseph McLean and C.S. Jacob Hart, on their return to Melbourne. The banquet was served in excellent style, and we find in replying to the toast of the 44 The Grand Officers and Board of Directors," that G.M . McLean spoke in glowing terms of the success of his mission to Talbot, and augured a prosperous future for the district Lodge it had been his pleasing duty to open there. The Avoca Hounds met at Ford's Gardens. No. One Creek, on Wednesday last, and but a smal' field turned out, although the morning was propi tious, early frost having been succeeded by sun, indicating a good scenting day. The influences of Diana appeared, however, to be against sport, for notwithstanding a long and perseveiing beat, no kangaroo could be found in their frequent haunts. The best of packs have to store a blank day some times, A villainous attempt was made on the night of Saturday last, to burn dowu the house of Mr Henry Uatchpole, at Percydale. The diabolical intention was manifest in the fact that a window blind was torn down, a quantity of kerosene poured upon it, when it was thrown upon a floor of softwood and set fire to. Fortunately the blaze was seen by the neighbours whose timely assistance pre vented the dwelling and its contents from being completely destroyed. Although sincerely trusting that the perpetrator of this deed may be brought to justice, we fear such secret wickedness is rarely detected. We have to acknowledge through the "hands of Mr Bryant the receipt of this month's number of the Illustrated Ans'raliati News, published for transmission by the R.M.S. Geelong. The engrav ings in this work are excellent, comprising the wreck of the 44 Auckland" steamship, and some remarkably graphic views in the Fiji Islands by that accomplished artist, Mr R. Chevalier. The incidents of the late review are also fully illustrated, and the cuts of scenes on the route of the Overland Mail, Suez are admirably managed as to effect and local peculiarities. A few copies may yet be obtained at Mr R. C. Bryant's, High street. We have received the ninth report of the Vic torian Board of Education, being that for 1870. I t is a formidable compilation of 125 pages, with tables and appendices all but exhaustive of the educational, system throughout the. colony. Notices of the retirement of Sir James Palmer and the death of Dr Corrigan, are given with copies of the addresses of the Board to the former and to Mrs Corrigan. The report also contains a vast amount of statistical information of numbers of scholars in the various schools throughout the colony, routines of study, etc., embracing returns from England and America. We find the number of scholars for the Avoca Common School set down as — - boys, 178 ; girls, 140 ; the school fees being £230 18s ; Moonambel returns 48 boys and 30 girls ; school- fees, £28 3s 9d. St A maud, 127 boys and 91 girls ; school fees £l79,9s,.2d. - The local and Go vernment aid to the Avoca School is £60Q 2s Od ; Moonambel, £144 6s 2d ; St Arnaud, £379 19s lOd. Appendix No 6 shews the applications for Government aid exceed three hundred from dif- ferent places. A list of half-time schools with details referring to them, and, heavy though this report is the details, shew most satisfactorily that the cause of education, upon which hangs almost the moral life and prosperity of the colony, is well sustained as to progression and excellence. Mr Wilson, of the Wimmera district, has pur chased the pack of hounds lately belonging to the Melbourne Hunt Club. We are not informed of the future kennels or country for sport. We have to notice the death, at Eddington, of an old and much respected colonist, the late Mr James Sheehan, the father of Mr Edward Sheehan, of the Avoca Flour Mills. Our Maryborough contempo- raiy thus speaks of the funeral, which took place on Tuesday last : — 44 the obsequies were performed in the presence of a large assemblage who followed the remains of the deceased to the cemetery at Edding ton, as the last token of respect which they could bestow to an old and esteemed friend. The caval cade comprised about forty-five vehicles, and a large number of equestrians. The funeral ceremony at the grave was performed by Father Moore, of Oarisbrook, assisted by Father Shanahan, of Cres- wick. The deceased's friends included the princi- pal representative men of this and the adjoining districts, most of whom were his personal friends. Mr Casey, of Maryborough, conducted the funeral arrangements. The Paterson correspondent of the Maitland Mercury says that about eight miles from that town, in a westerly way, on a branch scrub leading from | the Parsons Brush, and near to the head.of Damb's i Valley, and about a mile from Mr J. Hall's resi dence, the flying foxes— those destructive pests to the fruit gardens — have formed an immense camp. The branch scrub is about a mile in length, and the i trees are exceedingly thick, but from one end of this scrub to the other, the trees, both large and small, are completely covered with foxes, indeed the trees look like one black mass of life as the foxes move about, as they hang suspended in the air from tree to tree, and down almost to the ground. The foxes must be here in millions. 1 have before seen many flying fox camps in different parts of the colony, but none anything like this one. The chattering noise they make among themselves when you descend into the scrub is such that you cannot hear yourselves speak, let you talk ever so loud, and the stench is almost intolerable and can be perceived fully half a mile distant. We think this would be a good opportunity for the formation of a strong paity to go out and destroy these destructive pests. I believe a hundred meu could blaze away at them all day. A correspondent of the Hawkes Bay Herald writes : — 44 Between the 6th of February and the 2nd of last month (May) the now famous Caledo nian claim paid in dividends £208, 78G. For the fortnight ending the 30th of April, 13,576oz were crushed, equal to £40,000, and the mine is said to be looking as well as ever. A well known Auck land shareholder is said to be receiving dividends; amounting to nearly £100,000 per year. Another ! gentleman wished, a few months back, to dispose of his Caledonians at any price, prior to his leaving I for England, but could not see a purchaser, and, 1 j am told, he quite unexpectedly found several thou- j sands of pounds awaiting him on his return to the i colony. There are several residents here receiving princely incomes from this' wonderful gold minel" We learn that Mr A. T. Thomson, who has lately taken an active part in the purchase of pic tures for the Victorian National Gallery, has been appointed a member of the board of advice to the Agent-General in London, vice Mr Nankivell, resigned. | At a meeting of the Executive Council held on Monday last, two new regulations were passed in accordance with the Goldfieids Regulations Act- ; The first of these provides that exemptions from ! compliance with the covenants of leases may be granted, under certain circumstances for a period of j not more than six months ; and the second, that in the case of the. forfeiture of a lease, compensation shall be given by the parties taking possession for all beneficial works which have been carried out, except in those cases where the works nave lain idle for more than 12 months. j Dr Cutts has been appointed a member of the Board of Education, in place of the late Dr Corrigan, ' and the Hon G. Harker will, it is said, be chair man. We understand that passages have been engaged in the steamship Somersetshire for the widow and family of the late Dr Corrigan. ! 