1 muLLkmrni. : , Dead language— Ghosts' goBBip. I acqfibedta8tes— Olives and babies. . To protect the chest— Put a lock ®n it. A joint affair with hut a single party to it— Rheumatism. J Echo Answers. — If all the world's a stage, and < men and women are merely players, where are 1 the audience and orchestra to come from? | 4 Chabley," said a fond mother to her son, I " ybu are into that jain again." " No," replied j the! little pet, "you are wrong, ma; hhe jam is into j mej" 1 Feightfux.— If you called on your sweetheart j at dinner-time, and stayed till gaei was "oh," whir should you be like Jupiter?— Because you wiH have sat- till-lights (satellites). j Professional. — Our doctor's front door has not! been properly painted, and ought, as his friends and patients teU him, to be done over again ; but he declines to let it be touched, as signing as his reason that it looks professional, J being "blistered." Nice. — A fond father recently wrote: "ft generally takes twenty years of training to eradi cate that word nice from a woman's vocabulary. Tho Falls of Niagara, the Psalms of David, and . I the progress of the human race, were all nice to my eldest till she was married." j 3 Disconsolate. — A discensolate widower, after mu ;h reflection, e vol veathe folfo wing epitaph for I bis wife's tombstone :— Thou hast gone before me To thy last and long sleep ; Tears cannot restore thee, 1 Therefore I ween. Delightful Idea.—" Martha; my dear," said a loving husband to his spouser who -was several yea -a his junior, " what da you Say to 'moving to\ |. the far WeBt ?" " Oh I am delighted with the v 1 idea. You recollect when Mr. Morgan mof&d; out there he was as poor as we are, and in three years he died, leaving his widow worth a hundred thou sand pounds." I arren. — A good parody was that involved in the story of a young English nobleman with a large number of titles and a very small amount of brai ns — Lord This, aud Yiscount' That, and so on 1 ad njinifum. " My,fair friends, "-said the "one of his titles you appear to have forgotten." p'Ota," was the universal exclamation, " what : is ' ' tha; ?" " He is ' barren' of inteUect !" was the re" Ljoinder. NeighjBOUR S. is a blacksmith ; he has a. litfcla , four-year- old. S. was at work at his forge making 'harrow teeth, and had about thirty nilwl ud he- side the anvil, when Bub came in and stood watlching the job. . " Pa, what's them ?" "Those arejharrow teeth, sonny." S. worked away, .not-, noticing the boy until be heard a laugh, when he - looked up and heard him exclaim to himself Hoi ho! what an awfully bigmouf!" . ' \- Finance and Metallurgy.— -The latest School Bord instructive joke is upon finance and metal lurgy. The master is to ask the, child this ques tion : " Suppose yod sit on a paperful of tacks, what does it quickly remind you of?" The reply I of tbe child is to be : " Income tax." This is finance. — The next question is on metallurgy, namely : " In what pleasure do you usually find I: gcla ?" The reply is always in quartz,' and never . I in pints pr half-pints. Driving Ghense.-t:A trader called at » house in Chester to buy a cheese ; but when he came to look at the lot he concluded he would not take it, it was so full of sMppers. As he was going off, thei farmer said to him, "Look here, mister ; how can I get my cheese to London the cheapest ?" The trader took another look at the cheese, and seeing more and more evidence of its being alive, replied, " Well, let it be for a day or two longer, and I should think you can drive it." Business Notions.-1- gentleman, recently beihg about to pay his doctor's «bill, sud : " Well, doctor, as my little boy gave the measles to all my neighbour's children, and as they were attended by you, I think you can afford to deduct ten per | cent, from the amount of my hill for the increase >of business we gare you." This reminds us of a mail nofc.Tar jiway from Berkshire, whose daughter, having died after a severe, illness, and left a large quantity iff medioipe unteken, the father called at tbJ chemist's shop, and- Wanted to Imow if the I chemist wouldn't take it bach in part payment of 1 his thill. 'V Gayes.- — Those who are compelled to "hurry up thei cakes" may find the following variety, prepared for various callings, convenient to Select .. . . from: Thebest cake for prizefighters, pound cake ; the! most Suitable f or carpenters, plane cake ; the most relished by loafers, .sponge cake; the moSt palatable to hoatmen, current cake ; the most ao- ceptable to hangmen; drop take i the ;best for farmers, eeed cake ; the most hemthy for .plumbers, , plumb cake; thedebtor'scalm; short calm; the v eardeneis tAke, the'lidC ddcb l the one for sum-i "FTtiat> qb Aem?— At recent cireiait pf the etansteuefcioa of tnpteaaings. The counsel, read, > 1 thefr respectirej&leadings; ttetough Jp the judge, ' ! M apd read tnem through to : POHr.-. > elusion, he handed the paperbver to the bounsel, eyetmni Oh pleading, , there is no safety unless counsel come - into court with the cb8ie:'tmder their of . the cbunselqmwjfii I you think, your honour, it would be bstter to . , PROFEBBIONAD YlEW tQH THINfla.—In l853 tessass|»sS::i I in (that oOontiy, h6 A tioket-of-leave man.-and; . Luke mfehy-othersofhiB blass,ha:dmtf4e«brfo«uiie I £2pt>fiQ ft An Ameriosii said toaLim>cne, .fli»o , "Yon ought to be etornaUy gratefttlto theBritish j Lyon m the way of heaping npf rich., ; Ane I British Goverameufe/' ilied theexithief, t with London myib bpeP jeweUew 1 safps, im® ihe British Government had 