PRINCE OF WALES OPERA HOUSE. TO THE EDITOR OF' THE HERALD. Sir,-Perceiving in your issue of this date a notice of a letter appearing in the Hobart Town Courier from my late partner, Mr. W. Hoskins, relative to the Flying Squadron and the Benefit for the Sydney Shool of Industry, I beg to state on the morning after the performance I gave a cheque for £56 11s. to A. J. Menzies, Esq., in aid of the funds of that institution. Will you kindly oblige me by inserting this ? Vory truly yours, W. DIND. November G;_ THE PRINCE OP WALES THEATRE.-On Satur- day evening Mr. Tavares commenced a farowoll engage- ment of twelve nights prior to his departure from the colonies. His Hamlet has been before referred to as a representation of the Prince of Denmark which evinces careful study and originality. Like others who have de- voted attention to the character as depicted by Shakspoare, Mr. Tavares has found reasons for departing from the old stage groove, and making points which, rightly or wrongly, have escaped notice, or were considered too unimportant by others. Throughout the whole of the performance he engrossed the attention of the audience, and was warmly applauded. The caBt was almost perfect in all its details. Miss Carey played Ophelia with marked power, and Miss Co'opor has so often played the Queen that all playgoers know her merits. Miss Burton as Osric was commend- able. Mr, Bartlett as the Ghost, Mr. Holloway as the King, Mr. Welsh as Polonius, Messrs. Young and Simms as the Gravediggere, were all that on audience could desire. " London Assurance " was played on Monday, and the excellence of Mr. Tavares' Sir Harcourt I Courtly was very perceptible. Of its meritB, it is sufficient to say that no such representative of the character has ever been teen hero. Last night Miss SurteeB made her first appearance at this theatre in the " Two Roues,' and. in- creased the favourable impression formed of hej ability when she made her debut here. Mr. Tavares played Digby Grant with his usual ability, and the stars wero well sup- ported by Miss Carey, Messrs. Bartlett, Yonng, and other membetB of the company. CARBINE! MATCH. - A match, between, the Cadets of the Grammar School and those of Camden College, was fired on Saturday last,, and terminated in a victoty for the former by 13 paints. The ranges were 100 and 160 yards, and the conditions 10 shots at eaoh range. It rained heavily durinç the match, but somo of the shooting "waB very go'jd. Mathison, A. Bowman, and Talnier Bcorcd 45, 34. »nd 33 respectively for tho College, whilst MTnrlane, "dawkins, ana Bowna put 31, 33, and 31 to the oredit of, i-b.0 school. 