F^Kftsy QrTBM SPSSW STgAMStHP QUZRN ' v ^Brtbej-ad(ile-tMia«Maitlflnd,w!iicliarrive(l Amu tfyqoulh on Jane 4th «a the Oape pf Good ^.Jiupe, we f& M~ Herald J learn that this mag *%JiiRaajt jiiier, w|iii^1rft,MeB*»ume«iitlnj lath Februjuy ou ber Orst return vuyage to London : Itimu Melbourne, was wreeked on the night of , tbe 17th March, to the eastward of Stray's Bay, \- tape »f Wood Hope. Tlie following particulars : end rtimrt itf tfie official inquiry are extracted -v-'Jiwop tw Cape Town Standard. Three lives 2F* Just. Tiiere wore 350 souls on board. The jKuiual trim) which ne quote says : — The Quceu of the T hauled being so disastrously wrected «wi our shores w trust will not be taken ' as a' index of tho (Iiu^'ci s of tliis route. This magnificent steadier, the (linueer of a new line — ?iWiieJ hy Messiw Dtivitt mid Moore, so well kaowM in tlie Austiiiliuu trade —is another case showing tilt! danger of hilling the l;did too closely. A fuli j/uwer Blciuiiitr, well found in every resjteL-t, with nearly '?'^'- souls on bo.ird, adds another to the Iwitf list of disasters ori this count. From all :ux- jiuuts, tlie Siiiuli African coast was clearly .seen on tlie Kith March, twenty six «l;iys out from Melbnuriiu. On the 17th laud was plainly visible, and diuiiuj the d;-y a heavy sea was running. When tUe piisscugors retired fa) (heir iraiiiu.i, iil-o:it 1 1 p.m., tlie land could be se.Mi. Ail ''ere in holies, fmni the .siiniMised jM'ilion oldie Klii|i. of bum; is-il'ely anchored in f,i!ii.- l; IV on .S.Um.l.iv .??1'h-tn.i.m. |Jut iiln.ut II.') on fMitnidiy umruiii;;, tin- Nlli, the ship str u-1; tii (!»? tttr-lvv.it d ol' Mruy '.-. IUy. Never wn daylight mure anxiously looked for. What surprised the passengers most w;ls the sniooth ne s of the water after the heavy sea running n few hours |ireviuu.-sly ; it appeared an if the Rteanitr from tlie course she was steering when kIio Kirn-:k, N. 14° \V\, had run out of tile heavy ee:i nml £-t into a tr.'nxjitil li.ty. When d:ijii,ylit broke the ]inispcct was not a chcernu one. The coast w;\s as dreary ;w well could lip imagined, but fortunately tlie sea re mained ginootli. mid all the passtngprs were landed .safely : but we rngM-t to suv -Mr Cook, the imrser, who was highly respected, was dniiviicil, as were two sailors. When ou shore tliu |i:i.ssengcrs had not gut over their hardships. They kuueil on a desolate beach ; they had no provisions whatever, but through the energy and consideration of Mr Dunveis, the representative of Messrs IJiirry and Nephews, those passengers who hod families were at once conveyed to shel ter, and ultimately idl the passengers were for warded to town. Before the M.-i^ixtrate of Bred;isdorp a court of inquiry was held. At t'liit court the captain stated that on Friday, tin? 17th March, at 9 p.m., he siphted a liijit wliicli he took for Cape L'Agulhiis, and he then considered that he had overran his distance. At that time he took miuudiiijrs, iiTi-1 found no bottom at sixty fathoms. He attributed the loss of his ship,— ' lstly, to the fixed bright light on shore, which was mis taken by myself nnd officers for the L'Agulhas light, tlierehy causing me to take and shape a course for (Jape 1'oint sooner than I should otherwise have done. 2ndly, the current setting in an uppoMiu direction, and stronger inshore tlian IM down in the directions, which I have sul)s«i|iieuily ascertained to be six knots. Srdly, to the total disarrangement of the compasses, iioUvitli-- t;tiidiiig the vessel having been swung at the last port- ?Melbourue— and fiimUhed with u c.\nl i if deviation, which my daily observations proved to be unreliable and totally at variance with the course made good-' The Magistrate of liredasdorp acquitted all concerned of blame, but the examination was so unsatisfactory that a frech inquiry was held as follows :- A lumrt was afterwards held by tlie acting resident magistrate of Cape Town infoi the cir cumstances connected with the wreck of the steamer Queen of the Thames ; Sir Thomas MiR-lcar, and Lieutenant Archdeacon, of H.M.S. Kiriiis, a.s assessors. . His Worship, in -ipening the proceedings, 6aid the court was held for the purpose of taking further evidence with respect to the circuni BtHiice.i under njjicli the steamer Queen of the Thames was wrecked, on the lit! of March, near L'Agulhas. Mr Fairbridgc. on behalf of Captain McDonald' and officers, objected to a second inquhy, and declined to give evidence. A long discussion ensued, at the close of which Mr George Wood mil' (ioyiler n-iw ailled, and said: — lam Sur veyor-' jeueral of South Australia, and was a passenger by the Queen of the Thames ; during the voyage we published a newspaper on board, to which 1 contributed ; I obtained from the captain a statement (showing each day's latitude and longitude, the course, the distance run, and the direction of tlie wind, which I tabulated ; these particulars were published up to the 16th ; I obtained tlie returns for the 17th, but they were not published : in conseuuence of oura.nt.i ci|iiiled arrival in Table Bay, the last paper, whirh was dated the 16th, was. read on the evening of the 17th ; the returns for tlie 17th were chalked up ou a board in the usual manner ; 1 took the figures from the board ; observations were taken during the voyage by the captain, mid the second, third, and fourth mates ; one of the junior officers used to put up the board ; the return for the 17th was latitude 34'63 S., longi tude 21 '$« !£., course W. ; I spent the afternoon «f the 17th in preparing the newspaper ; in the evening we had an entertainment, and 1 went to bed: 1 noticed before going to bed that the course had been altered, but I do not know at what hour this was done ; the fillip was steering N.W. judging by the stars ; I went to bed at Lalf-past 10 ; I was very anxuras, and said t«i au«thftr passenger that I wished the night was over ; I bad seen the shore and a map of the coast, and I knew the course we were steering ; the map i saw was an ordinary one, and about two feet square ; I saw a light on shofe a little before 6 that evening ; it seemed to me to hive a hulo around it ; it was a fixed light, but did lint lixik like- that of a lighthouse ; at that time the light tvas on the starbiard beam ; we could now and then make out the hind on the starboard beam ; we saw no tuid on the starboard bow ; in foe evening during the entertainment, which consisted of music Mid reading, the captain an nounced that L'Agulbas light Was abeam : after the entertainment, I went on deck : I did not then see a light on the land ; the night was hazy towards the land, and there waB no moon ; after I had been in bed some time, I was awoke by a |wsseiiger woo said the ship was on chore ; I duu't think the ship could have made more than bu knots from noou on tbe 17th until I went to pea; me wuia was against us ; 1 saw the patent l-4g dragging behind on the previous day; I did \- aot bear My report made to tie officer in charge i»ti»J7tliM to the speed of the ship; 1 never mmaauutuA observation taken on board ; I Vvefani « mod deal of experience in, and am . :t^!tmtknaify acquainted with the taking of ob jWWrtfart^ortente^thesteerinioolnpaRs: ,|few*|lJ»Dtttfoor»odaluJfpoint8ont; I never .. pa)Bllitti**ttdif& campus on the bridge ; -jJIWMnVtMMdto Uks observations; suppoe ^HHKpf.jibtaiiMiing |MB|WiwF&ih-;'--lMI I passeuge.-s after the wreck to shift for tlica | selves, and tiitd their way to England as they beat could ' Instead of this, Mr. .Moore arrani;»l for the,' transport of the passengers to tuwu, and provided them with passt^es to England ill the very best class of steamers obtainable. The Briton took a lurge number, and so does the UihhI Hope which follows her. Those passengers who did uot leave by the Briton were down at the Dock to bid farewell to them, and the expressions of thankfulness to Mr. Moore for all his kindness were most hearty and uni versal. The Standard of April 13 says :— The steamer Bismark arrived in Table Bay ou Monday morn ing, and at once steamed into dock, from Struy's Bay, ladeo with a purtiuu «f the cargo of the , Queen of the Thames, consisting mainly of wooL j Most of the bales are more or less damaged by water, uid in many instances the irou bunds ; have become brokeu by the swelling of the con tents. Some of the bides were so much heated ! that it w;is defined wise to open them iiuiue- j diiitely they li.td been landed, »nd .allow them to i cool in the fi esh air. During Monday and Tues- 1 day the unloading of the itisuiaik proceeded I vigorously, nml yuslerd iv she started on ano ther trip to the wreck. The jjener^ impression is that tlie purchasers of the wreck will make a good tiling ot it if the presdit fine weather pre- 1 VililS H IILLW. ioit^tl. I iiv Mfitrfcini vcinti iitftuo together, ami ln-r ma --liiuer.v ?md littings are in first-rate rmidiiioii. Th.-iv arc about n liundri'd men on lionrd, ;iii'I with lli-- aid of the ship's donkey-cneiin' the c.irKoi.-. bi-iu^ rapidly got out of the hold.* Th*' wool which has ivarbni Oi|ie Town is of a very superior ipjality, and is sure to command good prices in the Loudon market. Some arc sanguine that the vessel will be got off the reef without any great trouble. Her stem is now in eighteen feet of water, and as the work of discharging proceeds, nud the two pumps which have been lent to the buyers by the Table Bay Harbour Board are in full swing, she will become more 'buoyant. JJi'cn if the Queen .if the Thames is doomed to lay her boucs in Rtruy's Bay, it is believed enough will be got out ot her tu pay a handsome profit to those who have entered into the speculation, lu addition to the Bismark. the schooner Santos is also employed in attend.uioe upon the wreck, and is about tii proceed to the spot with a lot of supplies of (litl'ereut kinds. The passengers by the vessel held a meeting, at which they passed resolutions thanking the (rfficers and the crew for their courage, coolness, and bravery in saving lives and goods. A sub scription was started to remunerate these brave men for the loss of their b;ig;rage whilst attend ing to that belonging to the passengers, and within tea minutes iXin in sovereigns were paid down. It \\- believed that the subscription list, when it closes, will show twice that sum. Some of the crew behaved in the most ruffianly manner. Passengers' luggage was ransacked and valuables stolen, livery effort is being made to bring these dastardly thieves to punish ment. Spniocs Casr of Adductiox.— At Dorset Assiztv, a bank clerk, named lleuben Uicbard Felstead, was indicted for fraudulently alluring and taking away from the possession of her mother Miss Marian Ureatbiitch, a young lady of considerable personal attractions. It seemed that in January, 1S70, the prisoner got acquainted with Miss Greatbatch at a public conversazione. They became attached to each other, and, after a time, Mrs. Ureatbatch's consent was given to his visiting nt her house as the girl's suitor. They wished him to get his father's consent, and he said he would speak to him in August when he went home for his holiday. In that month be wrote letters to Miss Greatbatch from his father's house, saving that he had spoken to his fattier, who would go to Bournemouth in November, and he wished to see the young lady, and then, if they were both of the same mind, he would give his consent aud do all he could tor them. On the l3th- if October prisoner asked Mrs. Greatbatch to idlow him to take her daughter; this was per mitted, and they did not return, but went to Dublin, where for a fortnight they lived together as man and wife. Search was made for the girl, and on their being discovered, she was taken home, aud the young man given into custody. M iss Greatbatch said they had agreed to go away togcthertwoor three days before theydid, because they wished to be married soon, and did not believe their parents would consent ; but it turned out that prisoner was a married man. The jury found him guilty, and he was sentenced to eight years' penal servitude. Extraordinary Stoet of Loed Brougham : — One of the most remarkable stories recently told appears in Lord Brougham's autobiography, which has just been issuediby Messrs Blackwood: — 'A most remarkable thing happened to me — so remarkable that I must tell the story from the beginning. After 1 left the high school I went with G ? , my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the University. There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave sub jeets — among others, on the immortality of the souL, and on a future state. This question, and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but of tbe dead appearing to the living, were subjects of much speculation; and we actually comnunea tne tolly ot drawing up an agreement, written with our blood, to the effect that which ever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the ' life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the college, G ? went to India having got an appointment there in the civil service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him ; moreover, his family having little connection with Edincurgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them, or of him through, them, so that the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten his existence. ? I had taken, as I have said, a worm bath ; and while lying in it and enjoying tbe comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had undergone, 1 turned my head round, looking towards the chair ou which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair sat G ? , looking calmly at me. How 1 got out of the bath I know not, bat on recover* mg my senses I found myself sprawling ou tbe floor. The apparition, or whatever it was that had taken the likeness of G ? , had disappeared. This vision produced Buch a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about it even to Stuart ; bat the impression it made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written down the whole history with the date, December 19, and all the particulars, as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appearance presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I' cannot for a moment doubt; yet for years I had had no communication with Q — — , uorbad there been anything to recall him to my recollection. Nothing had taken place daring oar Swedish travels either connected with 0 ? or with India, or with anything relating to him or to anytneUDerofhiahnukr. I reodlectod quickly enoagnoaroiaaiacasBunL ana tne bargain we had made. I«aaiaBotaJaehaBje&ommyinmd; the imDrenion that G ? most hare died, and that fau appearance to me was to be received by me as * proof of afatan state.' This was on Ifeeettber 19, MM. In October, 188a, Lord faMgBUi tflat as * potters*:---'! hare M^IVd^jUpA MAf. to fiflHi tsB fltnir Menu issss&ftft.;— *'** 