TOPICS OFT HE WEEK. Mr. Langton's motion affirming that there is at present no justification for imposing additional. burdens upon the people, was brought forward in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday evening, debated, and with drawn. It might have apostrophised its author in the words of the old distich •• So quickly I was done for,, I wonder what I was began for!" It gave Mr. Langton, however, an opportu nity of delivering an unusually able speech on the system of keeping pnblic accounts, and called up Mr. Francis, who succeeded, as usual, in befogging his hearers in a cloud of words We need not add that Mr. Berry, who followed the Treasurer, did not prove to be a torch-bearer capable of flluminating the Egyptian darkness which prevailed. He lost his way in a jungle of "surpluses " and "cash balances," and mystified both . the new members and himself. After the withdrawal of the motion, there followed a repetition of what Mr. Mantalini calls the " demd horrid grind," in tbeshape of a discussion on the pro* posed property-tax, in the course of which the Treasurer endeavoured to enliven the dreari ness of his details by an attempt at facetious, ness. In reply to M*. Daffy's question as to bow equitable mortgagees, public hanks, and other kindred institutions, would be made to pay the property-tax, Mr. Francis observed that, "If the money obligation was an in complete and unregistered one, the Govern* ment mightas well attempt to trace the hen* and learned member through iris various : fancies as such property." Nobodylaughed! I By some providential arrangement, the t precise nature, of which we cannot explain, those men who are doomed by-a cruel fate to I render themselves ridiculous in every action of their ■ lives are mercifully denied toe' power of appreciating the extent of their i toBy. On no other hypothesis would it be possible to account for Mr. Graham. Berry's conduct By some unaooountable means thlB genilemait manned to wriggle-himself into Mr. Maopheison's . Government As Treasure*, be may claim tire credit of having submitted to Parliament a budget eo absurd, that an average schoolboy might well blush to acknowledge itasbis production,and in virtue of this notablenchievementhe.appeare to con sider himself justified in boring theflouBeon every possible occasion with his views on financial topics. - Mot to dwell on toe hor rible mutilation wiuchthe Queen's English suffers at his handt noone can listen totoe hon. gentlemen for • tow minutes without perceiving thai his mind has m great a dislike tor logic as tutatataafo * vacuum. He would shnt out impart* while at the same timebfiwouUraiwarevennefromthem.andhe would r^vigoreteizadelVl^deringartities so jdear that no one oonld purchase them. We 8honld not like to accuse'him ofimper , tinhnoe in wasting jtire time-oftire Beam in putting forwardsnch fallacies ; in f*c t, we are ready to admit toat he era notsomuoh from malice as from want of understanding What chanochas he had of knowing better ? The borinem of the country wonld be greatly forwarded if acme plau.oould be adopted in our Assembly sfanflar to that whereby pre Bureptuouahorea am effectually suppressed in the; Housepf Gonwropajapdunlssa we are greitly mistaken, Mr. GtatoamBareyiwOaid be one of toe first tooome under the-ex tinguisher, On Taeadaylaat, lre had whatis vdlgariy called*' the cheek Ttobrto* forward amotioa disapproving et pome portion oftire iSlnisterial polioy,fana«i»ln*.doubtles«, toat If , ihe foraatiou'otnerew Admisieteuton.. iBut ;tire! ideuwas,^ Stands ls^aACfd«jep^«t sheets, toufc'tire Govern \- upcijt UKbW&m; showed most conclusively that they would bare none of Mr. Berry'* leadership. When Mr. Watkins has tried to grasp the reins of Government and failed, it will be time to take into consideration the claims aad qualifioe tions of the hon. member for West Geriong for parliamentary distinction. The loss of the Qneen of the Thames, the pioneer vessel of the new line of ocean steam ers vid the Cape, is a public calamity, and we think most persons will concur with the Cape Argue in the belief that the disaster was the re8nlt either of ignorance or of recklessness. It is difficult to understand how the vessel coold have been so close in shore when about to ronnd the most southerly point of the African continent, or how so grave a mistake could have been made with respect to the position of the lighthouse on Cape L'Agnlhas, Captain Macdonald's pragmatic Belf-sufficiency in con. nexion with the clearance of his vessel from this port, when Mr. Gossett wade ita sine qud won that he should provide her with a long boat, is not forgotten; and we shall be carious to learn the part which that boat played in the salvation of the passengers and crew of the Qneen of the Thames. The warehousemen of Melbourne have ad dressed a memorial to the Ministry, pointing out the injuries which their trade will sus tain by the passing of the tariff in its present form, and placing on record their entire dis sent from the principles upon which that tariff is based. From the careful analysis of that fiscal crudity given in the document be fore ns, it appears that out of 128 items, some of which take in whole classes of goods, and not an individual article, only 20 come in free, 46 are to be advanced from 10 to 12J per Cent duty, 1 from 5 to 12^ per cent, 11 from 5 to 74 per cent., and 50 which were formerly free are now to be subjected to a duty of 7h per cent Naturally the ware, housemen, alarmed at the prospective destruction of our intercolonial trade, protest against such a mischievous system oif taxation. They point out that clothing, shirts, and boots are now made up greatly in excess of the wants of our own colony, and if the trade were free with the neighbouring colonies the production could he largely and profitably increased, but with the duties on materials as now proposed, it will be impossible, unless drawbacks are allowed, to cofapete with European manu facturers ; consequently, the present produc tion must fall off, and fewer persons will be employed in these industries. Iu the face of representations like these, it Is scarcely possible for the Government to refuse to accede to the request made by the warehousemen for the allowance of a draw back on all exports of soft goods and boots. The publication by the Queensland Govern ment of the correspondence which has taken place between it and its agent-general in England, as well as with the Governments of the neighbouring colonies, on the subject of the electric telegraph, places the whole ques tion in a wholly new light It now appears that it was Queensland which endeavoured to monopolise the useof the cable about to be laid from Java to the northern shores of this continent; and Mr. Pal mer, theChief Secretary at Brisbane, repeatedly admonished the agent, general in London " not to consent to any arrangement whatever that would admit of South Australia bring connected with the line " which the British and Australian Com pany had offered to construct " If," wrote Mr. Palmer, "the British and Australian. Company, under pressure brought to bear upon them by the advocates of the South Australian line, will not bind themselves to thb condition, the negotiation with them must terminate, and it will be desirable that efforts should be made to induce another coUpany to undertake a scheme for connect ing Queensland by a cable direct from East Java or Singapore." At this very time, also, M Palmer was telegraphing to the Crown agmt in London, that it was impossible fat So ith Australia to complete their line under foi ir years; and that New South Wales joined Queensland in the guarantee; the fact being, asj regards the latter statement; that Mr. Copper had merely stated that his Go vernment was favourable to the pro. position, which it eventually refused to sanction; while as regards the prior as sertion, the South Australian Govern, meat has since undertaken to construct the link In one year. In gratifying contrast with the selfish and disingenuous policy of the Qupnriand Government, is the action taken by the Government of South Australia, which in April, 3870, announced that Queensland ' wotildbe allowed to effect a junction with the '' diametric line" at or jpea,r the Boper; and jformally submitted a proposition for an altar natjive line, on this basis, to the Chief Secre tary 'at. Brisbane, as recently as September {very now and then, when it is'found iediehtto stimulate the popular prejudice _ inst malt liquors brewed in these Colonies; :0n are assured by the importers that Biitish ales are necessaiify auperior to thofce which aiejbrewed in Australia, because no sugar is Introduced into toe manufacture of the | former. Sow totally groundless this state meat Is may be seen by reference to a Parlia mentary retuinjust issued/which states that "Wetowa^ tohaumsd! tobreweriesinLon. don! in fee year ending September 30, 1870, 11,603,3821b. of sugar; in the provinces, * 14,4C8,7021b.: iu Sootiand, 510,3851b.; in Ire ■ T -"-\80foyrtotal, ffloiy.yub," levidenoetxmttnaeetoooffletoli^hfc aeWaytowhichotirprodfyalfy^aotrad 'charities"are^demoralifiipg the pubHo, A*'' the uat oommitteb meeting of the Bebevtiant - * .Asylum; alitriilfhhws .•> • * ta!iifl,who were found out exobanxtof w ,_J W0 «<** jfstatkd^Wtae tettofeatatATlMftrfotilglt with whiskey, porter, butter, milk, and because they required a nourishing diet At the same time, there was brought under the notice of the committee the case of a blind inmate named Little, who has been supported by the public in that institution for the last three or four years. It is now stated that his wife is the owner of a farm of 150 acres at Dandenong, and also possesses a couple of cottages at Oakleigh. When we take into consideration the fact numbers of well-to-do persons have re course to the Melbourne Hospital for gra tuitous advice and medicine, both of which they can afford to pay for, we tnust say that it is high time for the state and the people to exercise a greater amount of discrimination in contributing to tbe support of our public charities. A change of management at the Theatre Boyal is not a matter of sufficient public im portance to call for comment, but tbe an nouncement is made in terms which may be referred to as fully justifying the strictures called forth by Mr. Coppin's speech when he took his decennial benefit a few weeks since. We were then told that theatrical manage ment in Melbourne is by no means so profit able as it ought to be, that legitimate per formances would not attract the public, and that recourse must be had to "Jack Shep pard," in order to make the play-house pay. He gave what purported to be the re ceipts of the Theatre Royal during certain nights ef the engagementof popular actor∧ actresses, and led his audience to believe that although " the ghost" might "walk" once a week in that establishment, the poor mana gers were providing the wherewithal out of their private resources. J ust one month after ■ the delivery of this lugubrious speech, we find , Mr. Coppin buying out the lessees of this j unprofitable theatre, and a valedictory adver- j tisement issued by them, in which they inform j their patrons that " the longest and most j successful dramatic campaign on record—a continuous season of over 230 weeks "—is about to be brought to a close, and that its results have been "financially gratifying to the managers." For once, we believe, the truth has been spoken with respect to the business of the Theatre Royal during the last four or five years; but what be comes of Mr. Coppin's speech on the 1st of May last? If three members of the theatrical profession, without any previous experience in management, sucoped in clear ing some thousands of pounds in four years and a half by the conduct of the Theatre Royal, hAsidc drawing £500 per annum each as —la™*, the public cannot be so parsi monious or fastidious in its pleasures as Mr. Coppin would have us believe. In his future confidential communications to the audience across the footlights, we recommend the new manager to regard his hearers as rational Twpjnga, and not as a congregation of gobe mouches with an insatiable appetite for humbug. Mutual confidence will follow the growth of mutual respect. The freedom which has been accorded to the press of late years has no doubt been themeans of conferring many great benefits on the public at large. But, like most other things, however good in itself, it is capable of being disgracefully abused, as will be seen by the following paragraph, which we take from the Pall Mall Gazette Whenever we hear of the journals which circulate amongst the working classes, a paper called Reynolds's is generally cited as a particular favourite, and so, indeed, it must be if we are to rely upon the word of the publisher, who advertises a guaran tee that its circulation is over300,000 weekly.' In this popular paper, with a sale which only of the Telegraph can rival, the bulletin announcing the birth of a prince at Sandring ham is headed, in large type, " Another In auspicious Event" The death of the unhappy babe Is thus chronicled"A Happy Re lease.—We havemuchsatisfactiouin announc ing that the newly-born child of the Prince, and Princess of Wales died shortly after its birth, thus relieving the working classes of England from having to support here after addition to the long roU of state beggars they at present maintain.*' The paper that Is guilty of such an outrage on public decency is a disgrace to journalism. It is perfectly Immaterial what opinions the writer may hold concerning the value of mo tntions in theahstract. There can be no doubt that the provision which the nation is called on from time to time to make Ira the collateral brandies of the Royal Family may appear to some who are ignorant of tbe value of the Crown property held by the nation, extremely burdensome and unfair, but surely we need not descend to the kennel to discuss the subject, nor Ss it necessary to outrage every feeling of manliness and decency in. order, to, express 'disapproval of the existing ar rangements. The writer might have remem bered that the Princess of Wales had just been subjected to the bitterest trial a woman can Ipaow, vis , the loss of her child, and are have jttl to learn that royal personages are alnmgeft fo those natural feelings which are the common property of humanity. Mot , many years ago, the paper guilty of such a crod foforopriety would have been subjected ; to wdtmerited penalties,and notwithstand-, fog therphuation of the law, we tenst for the aakeam mimhoddof the country, that the , rdffnjf#!* jhb present instance will not be j aJfov^ fo gb without that punishment whlcbprwieeds from a diminished circular It ^, .<■ to entertain . : jfeg, value d! She ■ dy«#,thatfor thb we orevriudpully ■ pervaded the speeches delivered at the fare well dinner given to the Marquis of Nor man by, prior to his proceeding to assume the government of Queensland. It is true that the opinions put forward were those of men who had been intimately connected with the colo nies, either personally or officially. By this class we need never fear that our progress and importance will ever be under estimated. But what we want to do more particularly is to excite an interest in ourselves and our doings amongst the masses, for it is only by impressing on them the fact that we are as much their fellow countrymen as the inhabi tants of Kent are the fellow countrymen of the dwellers in Sussex, and so far from being incumbrances, we are capable of rendering the old country the most important assistance, that we can hope to effectually cement the bond which exists between us. United there is a grand future before the English speak- , ing peoples which are now existing through out the world, and the aim of every true statesman should be to render the existing connexion between them satisfactory and honourable to all the parties concerned. 