DISCOVERY OF PHOTOGRAPH WITH HUMAN REMAINS AT STEWART'S ISLAND, N. Z. IT is our sad province in this issue to record one of those sad in- cidents of life and death which are too familiar in new and thinly populated countries, the finding of human skeletons in a region where civilized feet have seldom, if ever, trod. The portrait on page 148 is from a photograph from one found among the bones recently discovered on Stewart's Island, wonderfully preserved, if surmises as to the time it had lain there are correct. A pho- tographer, Mr. James Brown, has succeeded in taking some excellent copies, and it is intended to transmit one to each of the illustrated papers in England and America. It may be that this paper presentment is the likeness of the man among whose remains it was found, or it may be merely the portrait of a friend or relative. Still the probabilities are that it is the for- mer, and if so " How many, who have loved and looked in vain O'er wintry fields, and when the bees were humming, Will watch and wait, and look and long again To hear the old familiar footsteps coming ? How many ghost-like omens one by one, Will toll their death-knells for their absent brother ? And tears for this- perhaps-her only son, Will wet the lashes of his widowed mother. " From the Southland News published at Invercargill, New Zealand, (and from the editor of which we received the photo- graph) we extract the following painfully interesting particulars. DISCOVERY OF HUMAN SKELETONS AT STEWART'S ISLAND. Mr. West, formerly of the Lord Clyde Hotel, and now one of the survey party engaged in laying off the Maori reserves at Stewart's Island, sends us the following particulars of the finding of some sad relics of humanity. Writing at Port Adventure on the 17th December, he says :-"To-day, as William Nivens and Alexander Fraser were cutting traverse lines on the coast, at the back of the Maori village, on the S.W. side of Port Adven- ture, they came upon the skeletons of two human beings. One was lying stretched out under an ironwood tree, the bones a little disturbed, a heap of shells at the feet. Close by there were two pairs of Wellington boots, and a pair of low shoes, much worn and cut ; the clothes quite rotten. The other lay at a distance of about ten feet in the open, the head down hill, the leg stretched out as if it had rolled away from its fellow. Upon this one were found a Spanish half-dollar piece, a copper coin, PHOTOGRAPH DISCOVERED WITH HUMAN REMAINS AT STEWART'S ISLAND. and the photograph of a young man smoking a cigar. It is very plain considering the time that it is supposed to have been ex- posed to the action of the weather. There must have been other photographs, as there were five small square pieces of glass, and some decaying portions of the frames. There was also an old razor, a bit of red-stained glass, and a tooth-brush. Poor fellows, they were not half-a-mile from the Maori settlement ! The remains are believed to be those of two men who ran away from an American whaler (name unknown) at Pegasus about nine years ago. A shipmate of theirs, who deserted at the same time, is said by the Maoris to have reached the village in a very exhausted state, with but little clothing left on his person -the rest having been torn off in struggling through the scrub. He stated that he had been forty days coming from Pegasus, during which time he had been living on shell- fish, and carried lighted fern all day, for the purpose of making fires at night." The letter does not state whether any attempt was made by the survivor or the Maoris to rescue the unfortunates, whose mourn- ful fate has been told with silent eloquence by the perishing re- mains so recently discovered. On this point the public will no doubt wish to learn more, although, beyond the gratification of a very natural curiosity, there could be nothing gained by an inquiry. Unlike castaways, the poor fellows had but themselves to blame for their untimely end ; they were truly "waifs and strays" in the thick and matted forest. The photograph referred to was enclosed by Mr. West, and may be seen on application at the News office. It is that of a person apparently from twenty to twenty-five years of age, either clean-shaven or beardless, with oval and regular features ; the eyes full and well defined ; a dark, broad-rimmed felt-hat, set slightly on one side, and the style of dress, convey the idea that the wearer was an American. ADDITIONAL PARTICULARS. From the half-caste crew of a fishing-boat, hailing from Port Adventure, we have gleaned the following additional particulars relative to the skeletons found there recently by the survey party under Mr. Aitken. One of the crew states that in 1861-2 he was living at the Port Adventure Maori village, and remem- bers the arrival of a European more than half-naked and nearly dead from hunger and exposure. The account given by him was, that some forty or fifty days previous he, with three others, ran away from a whaling ship (our informant could not remem- ber the name) at Port Pegasus, and in company attempted to make for the native settlements, known to exist on the N. E. coast. The party, unacquainted with the geographical features of the country, and probably -being ignorant of the means of snaring woodhens- afraid to quit the line of route along which they were sure at least to obtain shellfish for food, followed the beach instead of striking across the country, and thus occupied weeks in travelling the distance that, by the adoption of a straight course, might have been traversed in two days -from Port Pegasus to Port Adventure through the bush being not more than twenty miles. When two or three weeks out, one of the men turned back ; the other three pushed on until they came to the estuary of Lord's River. At this point the two, whose skeletons it is supposed have been found, decided to go round by the head of the estuary ; the other man made himself a mogie raft of dry fern trees, and succeeded in paddling across, reaching the Maori settlement as already stated. Some search appears to have been made for his comrades, but in the absence of any constituted authority, it was probably neither systematic nor long continued. 