Extraordinary Story of Lord Brougham. ONE of the most remarkable stories recently told appears in Lord Brougham's autobiography, which has just been issued by Messrs. Blackwood:—"A most remarkable thing happened to me—so remarkable that I must tell the story from the beginning. After I left the High School I went with G , my most intimate friend, to attend, the classes in the University. There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed end speculated upon many grave subjects—among others, on the immortality of the soul, and on a future state. This question, and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but of the dead appearing to the living, were subjects of much speculation; and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the' life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the college, G : went to India, having got an appointment there in the civil service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him; moreover, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything ot them, or of him through them, so that all the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten his existence. I had taken has I have said, a warm bath; and while lying in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had undergone, I turned my head round, looking towards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get in the bath. On the chair sat G looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was that had taken tho likeness of G , had disappeared.' This vision produced such a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about it even to Stuirt; but the impression, it made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written down the whole history with the date, December 16th, and all the particula rs, as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appearance presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt; yet for years I had had no communication with G , nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection. Nothing had taken place during our Swedish travels either connected with G- or with India, or with anything relating to him or to any member of Iub family. I recollected quickly enough our old discussion, and the bargain we had made. I could not discharge from my mind the impression that G must have died, and that hia appearance to me was to be received by me as a proof of a future Btate." This was on December 16th, 1799 In October, 1860, Lord Brougham added aB a postscript:—I have just been copying out from my journal the account of this strange dream. Certissima mortis imago! And now to finish the story, begun about Bixty years since. Soon after my return to Edinburgh there arrivod a letter from India announcing G •— ' b death, and stated that he had died 011 December 16th!" Before tlie Queen left town for Osborne, she returned the visit of the Emperor Napoleon. He is still at Chislehurst; but it is announced that the royal exiles arc so pestered by the impertinent curiosity of the British snob that they meditate leaving'that place, and taking Lord Normanby's delightfully- situated Castle, near Wmtby. He will not want the Castle, as he goes to Queensland. A more charming situation could not be selected by the Emperor, who will be closc to varied scenery of the best kind, cliffs, dale, sea and moor, while Mulgravc Castle is in a beautiful nark of true English character. Lord Xoruianby lias been very liberal in permitting access to the grounds, and perhaps may hear, in Australia, that it has been nccessarv to put some limit to the privileges he has been accustomed to concede to the jublic, for we do not suppose that Yorkshire and its neighborhood are more dclicate in the matter of staring than Cockrieydom and the South.—J/omeHeio. 