NEW BOOKS. Without endorsing the well-worn paradox that 'the world knows nothing of its greatest men,' it cannot be denied that could we form a complete record of all who duty amid difficulties and dangers that would appal the weak-hearted it would bring before us many names hitherto concealed in obscurity. -(A Memoir on Indian Surveys,' by Clements £. Markham, shows us several of these obscure heroes, work ing away through danger and dif ficulty at a very - thankless task. Hardy and energetic young officers of the, Indian Navy creeping about shoals, reefs, and estuaries to survey the coast and map out the dangers of these narrow seas, fight ing pirates, crushing slave-dealers, and every where upholding British influence and making their country respected ; while on land the army surveyors have not been less active nor less courageous. The project of obtaining a complete trigonometrical survey of India originated in the mind of a young officer of id faiitry, William Lamb ton, and after carefully maturing his plans he laid them before the Government at the close of the last century, and waited patiently for an opportunity of jarrying them out. This was granted in 1802, and for twenty years, in spite of Blight encouragement and poor resources, he laboured on unweariedly. * ' When his great theodolite fell from the pagoda of Tangore, be carried the battered but priceless instru ment to Bangalore, and, shutting himself up in his tent, worked for six weeks until it was restored almost to its original form.'r; When all his assistants were 'down' with jungle fever he went on alone, pouring over bis ' observations, taking no rest at night, and died literally at his post at the age of seventy, expressing as his last hope that the task might be completed by George Everest, his ablest assistant. Equal in resolution, and superior in intellect, Everest took up the work with similar ardour. He saw many of his helpers perish around him, and was at last himself attacked by severe fever, which paialyzed his limbs. Even then he* would not yield, fearing that if he broko down the establishment might be given up, and the trained men, collected with so much diffi culty, scattered abroad. 'He was lowered into and hoisted out of his seat by two men, where he observed with the zenith sector. 'r The record is full of similar example* o£ quiet heroism, 'carried on even unto anil into the gates of death.' 'The Red Kiver Expedition,' by Captiia G. L. Huyshe, recounts tho history of the struggles of a gallant band of deteriniued men, 1,200 in number, who pushed their way as many miles through the difficult country between Canada and the Bed Biver Settlement south of Lake Winnipeg, to put down an insurrection. This insur rection was headed by a French Communist named Kiel— a very different man from him who saved the French fleet 200 years ago. The Ked Biver Settlement had been for fifty years a colony under the English Crown, and the people a strange admixture of Scotch, French, and half-breeds, who gloried in their Indian ancestry, resented their transference to the Dominion of Canada much as we should resent being transferred to the Government of New South Wales or Victoria. Trusting, therefore, to their iso lated position, they determined to resist the authority of their new masters, and when the Governor appointed by Canada arrived he was forbidden to enter the colony. The insurgents had seized upon the only strong hold m the place— Fort Garry. They tried and shot one Thomas Scott, who had ven tured to oppose them, and placed them selves under the leadership of Kiel, a lawless unscrupulous man, whom they elected President of the Assembly. This proceeding necessitated immediate in terference, and a force of two battalion? of men, of -whom two-thirds were militia and the rest regular troops, was at once organized and placed under the command of Colonel Wolseley. The men were chosen with special reference to their physique, as the difficulties of the journey were enormous. The startling events of a European war have distracted the attention of the Press on this feat of Colonel Wolseley of conveying 1,200 men over as many miles, with guns, ammuni tion, and stores, through a country destitute of supplies, and almost unknown except to Indians and trappers, could not have passed with so little notice. The expedition started from Toronto on the 21st May, 1869, and reached Fort Garry in pouring rain on the 24th August. ' PasBiLg round the flank of the village the fort appeared in sight about 700 yards off across the open prairie. A few stray inhabi tants in the village declared that Kiel and his party still held possession, and meant to fight. The gates were shut, no flag was flying from the flagstaff, and ^uns were visible mounted in the bastions and over the gateway ? It certainly looked as if our labours were not to be altogether in vain. * Kiel is going to fight,' ran along the line, and the men quickened their pace and strode cheerily forward, regardless of the wind and rain. M. Kiel ro«e in their estimation imme diately. The gun over the gateway was expected every moment to fire; but we got nearer and nearer, and still there was no sign. At last we could see that there wore no men standing to the guns, and unless it were a trap to get us close up7 before they opened fire, it was evident there would be no fight after all. ' By God, he's bolted !' was the cry. Colonel Wolseley sent forward some of his staff to see if the Bouth gate were also shut They galloped round the fort, and brought back word that the gate opening on to tho bridge over the Assinaboine Kiver was wide open, and men bolting away over the bridge. The troops then marched in by the gate way and took possession of Fort Garry after a bloodless victory. Four days afterwards they were on their way back again, Kiel and his companions being contemptuously allowed to remain un molested in their homes— an insult that the ex-President must have felt bitterly. Pos session of the fort was a guarantee* for the safety of the Government. But for the con nivance of the former authorities the insur gents could never have got into it.' The Duke of Wellington is a recognised hero, and we welcome any new information about him. The present Duke has just pub lished another volume, the thirteenth of his father's 'Supplementary Despatches, 'ranging from the year 1793, when the great captain was only Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. Arthur Wellesley, to 1811, when he was Viscount Wellington, and the greatest of English generals. From his being called the Iron Duke, and from the strict discipline, often enforced by severe punishments, which raised from a mere rabble of soldiery the finer Peninsular Army, with which, as he said, he could have gone anywhere and done any thing, we are apt to look upon Wel lington as a stern hard man, whereas he was eminently good-natured. In the very first of these letters we find him extenuating the disobedience of orders of one* of his officers, referring it to misapprehension alone, and if possible he always allowed a loophole of escape for those who had com mitted themselves by intemperate letters or conduct, saying ' it was a pity to lose a good, officer by a momentary fit of passion.' In one instance, where an officer had written angrily on account of some censure that, the Duke had passed upon him, the Adjutant-General offers him the option. of withdrawing his letter before it should be laid before the General, while there is. abundant evidence that the General had: himself suggested the advice. Another letter' permits an officer of his staff, who had thrown up his appointment in a fit of anger, to withdraw his resignation; and, had we space, we could bring forward many more such instances of forbearance and considera tion. Nor was his kindness confined to his own army ; he showed the greatest solicitude for the comfort of his prisoners and the^ due rights even of deserters, and was before his age in the desire that surgeons should be considered as non combatants, and be free of capture. It is evident from these pages that the Great Duke possessed in an eminent degree the* quality which was wanting in his great rival —tenderness, a quality happily often united, with strength. 'Beindeer, Dogs, and Snow-Shoes,' by Eichard J. Bush, gives another account of the country traversed by the RussoAme rican Telegraph Expedition, so well described by Mr. Kennan. In 1865 the failure of the Atlantic cable induced a few enterprising Americans to explore a route for the tele graph which should connect the Old World with the New, via Behring's Straits, and for three years they were travelling through the Arctic regions of Alaska, Kamtchatka, and Siberia, by means of the reindeer, dogs, and anow- shoes, that give its title to the book, when news o! the success of the cable rendered their exertions needless. Our own tele graphic explorers have suffered much from mosquitoes, but what would they say to the insects that Bwann in the summer seasons of these countries? Mr. Bush tells us that at Oochostika the mosquitoes 'were abomin able.' Although he and his companions ?'went day and night in full armour of buck skin and netting,' their faces were so swollen as to be hardly recognisable, and their doga suffered so much that they went prowling and whining about day and night, unable either to '«at or sleep,' and one of these poor creatures wa3 found whining piteously *' with nine mosquitoes simultaneously boring into one of his eyelids.' Yet the mosquitoes are nothing to the moske — a very 'small gnat, with speckled legs,' of which the natives stand in real dread. 'They, come later than mosquitoes, and appear in perfect swarms. No kind of clothing can shield you from their attacks, as they crawl though the smallest holes, and even into your hair. Their bites are not only very painful, but poisonous, causing much swelling. They are often fatal to dogs, in whose nostrils and ears they crawl, and then sting them. During the moske season the natives take their dogs into their houses with them, and keep the rooms con stantly filled with dense smoke, arising from small fires built about the floor.' We think of Kamtchatka as a gloomy country, and are surprised therefore to hear of the hillsides brilliant with flowers, and of blackberries, raspberries, gooseberries, whortleberries, and cranberries growing in profusion, while from the environs of Petropaulovski the view is magnificent — range beyond range of hills, and towering above all ' the magnificent volcanic peak of Avatcha,' 'over 11,000 feet in height.' 'Though distant thirty miles, its snowy summit, glittering in the sunlight, was so keenly cut against the bright azure of the sky that it did not appear a mile away.' Its 'peak is a perfect cone, and so steep that, one constantly expects the huge masses of snow and ice to come dashing down its aides to the snow limit, and drop off into boundless space. . . . Far to the south rose its noble rival, Villenchinski— a spire of burnished silver.' ' Colonial Adventures and Experiences,' by a University man, relates how one who had spent ' the best part of four years at Oxford in a not very studious manner' fared in Queensland. We. are not much surprised to hear that he had great difficulty in finding employment. 'Within the first three months he became a navvy, a photo grapher's man, a surveyor's man, and a shepherd. Liking none of these occupations, we soon find him teaching the children of a drunken blacksmith, whose wife, catching the words Holy Ghost as the children were reading a chapter of the Bible calls out ' Who is that swearing?' 'I doubt,' says our author, significantly, 'whether she had heard the expression used in the colony except as an execration.' . . . 'There are no churches in Capricornia.' After trying the profession of town-crier, candle-maker, sausage-maker, &c;, &c;, *? Oxford George,' as he was called, obtained the assistance of friends to return home, and now tries his hand at authorship with some success. His book is lively and amusing, but not flattering to Queensland, ' the main portion' of which ' will produce nothing but dry grass and firewood,' and where he says ' every one drinks or lushes.' 'A doctor who did not drink would get very few patients ; he would not be able to gain their sympathy.' We do not know how far to trust a man with such an evident bias, but his account of the 'coolie question' confirms much of what we elsewhere publish on the same subject. ' Curiosities of Street Literature in China,' by W. H. Medhurst, of Shanghai, is a very amusing lecture. The Chinese vie with one another in the decorative invitations painted on their signboards. Here we have the advertisement at the entrance of a restaurant, which would do credit to America. ' ? Limit less production! Feasts prepared both in the Tatur and Chinese style. The delicacies of the season. Sea-slugs smothered in ver micelli, and trimmed with finely-shred ham. Forced-meat, puffs, &c.;' This is for the Chinese. The other side, in equally glaring characters, announces '.Delicacies from beyond the seas,' tells us that ' Tite-d-tete meals are provided to the fancy of tht guests,' and advertises 'Famous wine from over the seas.' A druggist invites the public to swallow 'pills manufactured out of a whole stag, slaughtered with purity of pur pose on a propitious day.' A doctor styles himself ' a world's benefactor,' and professes to be at home on the even days of the month. Chinese visiting cards are far more important than ours, consisting of huge sheets of scarlet paper with the name inscribed in large letters. They are of three kinds— the plain card, the official card, and the full card — which last is only produced upon grand occasions, such as New Year visits or visits of congratulation or condolence. The full card must contain ten folds. It does not give titles, but the name is prefixed by the words ' Your stupid younger brother,' or if the person visited belongs to a generation older, 'Your stupid nephew,' or to two generations older, ' Your more than stupid nephew.' The name is followed by the words 'bones, and pays bis respects,' and the card is quite too expensive to be bestowed upon a friend. It is as a matter of etiquette always returned to the visitor. The most extraordinary card ever received by Mr. Medhurst was that of a young lady informing him that she intended committing suicide on a certain day, and she did it too, hanging herself by a noose of scarlet crape in the presence of thousands of spectators, ?who looked upon the act as highly meri torious under the circumstances, her affianced husband having died just when the nuptials were about to be celebrated. * ** Shut up in Paris during the Siege,' by Nathan Sheppard, is one of the best of the many siege journals, vigorous, sparkling, and satirical, without being cynical. The shameless disinclination to fight of the National Guards, and their excessive in clination to talk and make demonstrations, -excited the indignation of everybody. One of the most painful circumstances of the siege was the suspense respecting the friends and relations from whom they had been separated. 'In some cases the silence of months is broken by the worst of tidings. The first news one young man has of his mother is that she [is dead. A lady who had used every means to obtain information of her daughter, who was on her wedding tour when Paris was inverted, at last succeeded in hearing that her daughter was lying on the point of death, with the ?words always on her lips, 'Tell mother to come.' The next tidings are that all is over. The mother could not come. Another learns from an accidental remark in a friend's letter that she has lost her only sister.' The sufferings of the soldiers bear a very small proportion to the amount of misery prodncea by war. In 'The Outbreak of the Revolution' and 'A Man of the People,' MM. Erckmann Chatrian give us pictures of the Revolutions of 1779 and 1848 seen from the peasant point of view, and those who like to study history in novels cannot do better than read these. The misery of the peasants before the .first Revolution, and their loyal faith that if the King only knew of the oppression they suffered he would give them help ; their gradual awakening to the consciousness that they too are human beings with rights as well as duties, are admirably depicted. The story ends in 1702, when the National Assembly declared the country in danger, and the people rose as one man to defend it — a sad contrast to the spirit indicated in Mr. Sheppard's book, Jean Pierre, the man of the people, is a fine character. His independence shows itself at school, when he fights his way up in spite of numbers; in the cabinetmaker's workshop, whenhefallsupona manahead taller than him self ; and in his determination to take no help from relations who have disowned him. His efforts to master the alphabet, bis intense enjoyment of his one day's holiday, his de votion to his work under the quaint old cabinetmaker, form a series of pleasant pic tures of village life that the reader does not willingly change for the narrow streets of Pari3 and the tumult of revolution. . The scene of 'Behind the Veil,' by the author of ' Six Months Hence,' is laid in New South. Wales, and the plot has been happily summed up in the question, 'should you be surprised to hear that you have suspected the wrong man?' Two brothers live together in a lonely house. One day they quarrel, and the younger one leaves the house. Next day' he is seen by an old servant stealing quietly back, and the day after the elder brother is missing, and soon found murdered in a swamp. The old servant, making a careful search, discovers a gold watch-key bearing the initials of the younger brother (who has meanwhile disappeared), and lays the facts before a Sydney barrister. This Sydney barrister goes to England, falls in love, and then nnds the suspected man engaged to the lady's sister. He feels it bis duty to speak— the match is broken off, and the poor young lady brought almost to the brink of the grave. The story is well told, the chief characters well drawn, but the subordinates are mere caricatures, the reader tires of them, and the book is too sensational for our taste. We have left ourselves little room for poetry, and there is only one book we can recommend-— 'Songs of the Sierras,' by Joseph Miller, a Californian Byron, who brings before us the wild scenes of the West with a vividness seldom surpassed. Here is a description of a ride through a tropical forest, the only extract we can make room for. It is from a passionate story of love and adventure called by the quaint title, ' With Walker in Nicaragua':— ' The trees shook hands high overhead, And bowed and intertwined across The narrow way; while leaves, and moss, And luscious fruits, gold-lined and red, Through the cool canopy of green, Let not one sun- shaf t shoot between. Birds hung and swung, green robed and red, Or dreoped in curved lines dreamily— Rainbows reversed from tree to tree— Or sang low hanging overhead ; Sang low, as if they sang or slept; Sang faint, like some far waterfall, And took no note of us at all, Though ripe nuts crushed at every step. How ran the monkeys through the leaves ; How rushed they through brown-clad and blue, Like shuttles hurried through and through The threads a hasty weaver weaves ; How quick they cast us fruits of gold, Then loosen'd hand and all foothold, And hung limp, limber as if dead, Hung low and listless overhead; And all the time with half-oped eyes Bent full on us in mute surprise, Looked wisely too as wise pens do, That watch you with the head askew. The long days through from blossom'd trees There came 'the sweet song of sweet bees, With chorus-tones of cockatoo, That slid his beak along the bough, And walk'd and talk'd and hung and sung, In crown »f gold and coat of blue, The wisest fool that ever sung, Or had a crown, or held a tongue.' The Polynesian Slave Trade.-— We publish in another column an interesting letter addressed by the late Bishop Patteson to the New Zealand Synod— and probably one of the last he ever wrote — in which he protests earnestly though temperately against the slave trade which has been so long connived at in the South Seas. The letter reads almost like a prophecy of the good Bishop's own martyrdom, and the terrible penalty he has had to pay for the misdeeds of others will, we hope, give tenfold weight to his urgent recommendations. Nine months ago we took occasion to enter a strong protest against the iniquitous traffic as disclosed in the narratives of the Dayspring missionaries, and we would again urge that some public steps should be taken to mark the feeling of South Australians in the matter. The Dean of Adelaide, who kindly for warded to us Bishop Patteson's address, and from whom we also publish a letter on the subject, urges that the question should have been taken up by the Conference. We fear the presence of the Queensland delegates might have made a difficulty in so doing, but there is no reason why a public meeting should not be invited to memorialize the Home Government in favour of adopting the precautions which Bishop Patteson recom mends. ? Heavy Rains Northward.— A message re ceived at the Adelaide Telegraph Office on Monday evening reported that heavy rains had fallen in the Far North; at Beltana, 1-090 inch was registered. The Kooricga office re ported a heavy fall all day, with the Burra Creek flowing. Accident.— On Ssnday, about 6 p.m., Win. Jno. Philp, aged eight years, was crossing the Port-road at Alberton, when he slipped and fell, breaking his arm above the elbow. The sufferer was admitted to the Hospital soon after 3 o'clock the same night. Fortunate Escape.— On Friday afternoon, in King William-street, Kent Town, a resident, hearing a loud splash on the adjoining premises, and a windlass revolving rapidly, hastened out of the house, through the yard, and reached the well simultaneously with the wife of the occu pant of the house. On looking down they ob served a girl about 10 years of age, and raised her to near the surface, but were unable to com plete the rescue. One of them then said, 'I, will call my husband,' and without thinking let go the handle and rushed off for assistance. The result was that the child went down a second time. She was at length brought up, and strangely enough, beyond having a few scratches and a good fright, was little the worse fcr her double descent The girl had been drawing water, when by some means the rope pulled her. down. The affair caused a good amount of excitement, and numerous spectators were present when the child was recovered. Supreme Court.— The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court will commence this morningat 10 o'clock, the Chief Justice presiding. The causes set down for to-day are— Davies v. Cherry and Another, Fawcett v. Inglewood Mining Venture, and Hardman v. Oates. A Barbarous Treat.— It is stated that a remarkable feat in the way of hair- cutting has been performed by Mr. F. Jones, the contracting barber' for the Industrial School, Geelong. In nine hours over 160 children were submitted to the operation «f the tonsorial scissors. With an assistant he performed similar duties at the Ryrie-street School for 280 children. The visit is made once in three months to the horror of those who are beginning to consider their locks an ornament. Escaped Lunatic. — On Monday, about 1 p.m., a female inmate of the Asylum, named Smith, escaped. She is of dark complexion and hair, and wore a* dark dress with greerisleeves. The Japanese.— The farewell entertainment of the troupe of Japanese and English per formers was given at the Theatre Royal on Monday evening, for the benefit of Mr. Evans, when there was a small attendance. ART Union.— The distribution of works of art arranged for by the Adelaide Photographic Company took place at their rooms on Monday evening, November 13. The prizes, of which there were 73, comprised water-colour drawings, chromo-lithographSj, cartoons, and coloured photographs, ranging in value from 15s. to £12 12s. We subjoin the names of the first six winners:— 'Coast Scene,' Leitch, C. B. Hardy, £12 12s.; 'New Southend,' E. Brandard, — Carter, £12 12s.; 'Woodland Scene,' Earp, — Trelaven, £8 15s. ; « Lady,' Jerry Barrett, — Dickson, £8 8s.; 'Horse Fair,' Rosa Bonheur, — Braines,£8 8s.; ' Near Reigate,' J. Sherrin, E. Coppin, £8 8s. ? iNCETOlAEiSM.— On Sunday night, November 5, at Kingsley, in the South-East, a malicious attempt was made, to destroy the fencing sur rounding a wheat-paddock belonging to Mr. J. Dixori. A correspondent of the Standard tells that— 'At about 11 o'clock the attention of a neighbour was attracted by a large body of flame rising from hear the place where stables, &€., were destroyed a few weeks ago. On arriving at the spot, a brush fence was found to have been fired in three places, several chains apart— in the middle and at each cross-fence of the Daddoek— the intention of the miscreant who fired it evidently being to make a clean sweep of the fences. 'Happily this was frustrated, but not before about six'enains in length, had been destroyed. An inquest was held on Tuesday, when a verdict was returned of wilfully set on fire, .but unfortunately no evidence was obtain able to bring the guilty party to justice. It is to be hoped that some energetic effortwill be made to discover the perpetrator, as this is the second attempt to destroy Dixon's property within a few weeks. If such mischief is done with impunity now, what must be expected when the het weather sets in?' The Loch Leven.— The Argus of November 10 says: — 'At last the wrecked ship Loch Leven has gone to pieces. The steamer Coorong started from Melbourne to King's Island on Tuesday night last in order to bring otf another cargo of wool from the wreck, but on her arrival on Wed nesday it was found that at 2 a.m. that day the ship had gone to pieces with a great noise, resembling the fire of artillery. The weather was not particularly bad at the time, and has often been worse while the process of redeeming the cargo has gone on, but the constant wear of the vessel against the rocks and her lightening majr account for the catastrophe. The shore is said to be strewn with hundreds of wool bales and large quantities of loose wool from the ship. Fortu nately, before1 the breaking up over 4,300 out of the 6,500 bales on board had been saved, which will go very far to reduce the losses expected to be sustained. The steam winch and two sets of divers' dresses taken down by the stevedore are, however, quite gone, and it is thought very fortunate that no one was on board the Loch Leven when she went down. The Coorong re turned yesterday in ballast, bringing back all the men employed in salvage except two, who are left in charge of the property.' Chess by Telegraph.— The telegraphic re turn chess match between Victoria and New South Wales was begun on Thursday, No vember 9. The Melbourne champions were— Messrs. L. S. Phillips, Sedgefield, Stephen, Burns, Goldsmith, Stanley, and Fisher, who were in this order paired respectively against Messrs. Crane, Smith, Gibbes, Wallach, Eussell, McRae, and Heydon. Mr. Hammond, of Mel bourne, acted as umpire for the Sydney team, and Mr. Dangar, of Sydney, for the opposite side. Play began shortly before noon, and pro ceeded briskly till about 6 o'clock, when an adjournment took place. Shortly after recom mencing, Mr. Burns beat Mr. Wallach. Messrs. Goldsmith and Sedgefield soon after scored against Messrs. Russell and Smith. The latest information of the evening's play was that Mr. Stanley, who at one point was considered to have a winning game, had much the worse position. The part it between Messrs. Stephen and Gibbes appeared likely to end in. a draw, and Messrs. Phillips and Fisher seemed in a fair way of scoring two more games for Victoria. Narrow Escape.— The Border Watch tells that a party of holiday-makers had a narrow escape on Thursday of being carried out to sea at the month of the Glenelg. They had gone down the river in two boats, and getting too much into the influence of the tide, which 'was running out strong, they could not pull back again. Their pesitioh for a time was one of great peril, but after an exciting pull they succeeded in getting into shallow water, and saved themselves by wading ashore. Anniversary and Welcoming Meetings.— The annual meetings of the Methodist New. Connexion Church, Franklin-street, were held on Monday evening, November 13. Tea, pro vided by Mr. J. Smith, of Hindley-street, was ?well patronised, and the public meeting was only moderately attended, the inclemency of the weather probably preventing many from being present. Mr. S. J. Way, who presided, remarked that to a certain extent the gathering was sorrowful. He was reminded of the loss of one whose radiant kindliness, amiable disinterestedness, and eloquent admonitions would be known no more, for that was deeply associated with the departure of the Rev. J. Maughan, who in life had given his best energies to the advancement of the congregation and the good of the Church. His ministry was a devoted one, and there was little doubt that the congregation would endeavour to carry out what they kuew to have been one of his dearest wishes— the liquidation of the debt remaining on the building. They might thus pay a tribute to the memory of their late pastor. They also met to welcome Mr. Maughan's successor, who he was sure would not begrudge the affec tion that kept the remembrance of the late minister green, nor the credit due to the Rev. H. Fenton, who had ably carried on the work. The absence of some ministers from the platform and the limited attendance of visitors was not due to any want of confidence in Mr. Linley, but to the unpleasant weather. He regretted that his father the Rev. Mr. Way, the Revs. S. Mead, Henderson, and others had been unavoid ably detained elsewhere. There was no financial statement to present. Whenever there was a change of Ministry, some time had to be allowed for preparing the Budget. There was here such a change, and Mr. Linley had not had time to prepare the annual report. All the information that could be given was that the expenditure to meet interest was about £350; the ordinary income had been £120, and from various sources £130— total, £250, leaving a deficiency of £100 to be made up to cover the current expenditure. Any sum in excess would go towards £he reduc tion of the original debt The Rev. T. Piper, Bible Christian, spoke of the responsibilities of the coming: year, on the dependence to be placed in divine assistance, and the zeal needed to carry on the work; also the union of various denominations. He welcomed with great pleasure the Rev. C. Linley to his new pastorate. The Rev. J. S. Wayland, Primitive Methodist, briefly referred to the subject of Christian union, and expressed his hopes of progress in that direction. Mr. F. C. Curtin spoke feelingly of the late Mr. Maughan, and in terms of praise of Mr. Linley, who then gratefully acknowledged the reception he had met with from his own congregation and ministers of other bodies. He dwelt upon the duties and responsibilities of a minister, touched feelingly upon the death of the former pastor, referred to financial affairs, and expressed his hope of advancing the Church's interests. He glanced at the tendency to expect too much pastoral visitation, and remarked that it interfered with Sunday sermons when the minister spent all the week visiting. He desired to have their prayers, for then they could not refuse sympathy, good will, and assistance. He wished to know of no dissensions, did not desire to inherit any man's quarrels or party feeling; but hoped to be as a friend, a brother, and minister to all living in unity, love, and concord, and to make his service one of love. After a collection, comprehensive votes of thanks closed the proceedings.. Choice selections of sacred music were rendered at intervals by * the choir. Bazaar. — From our business columns it will ae seen that a bazaar will be opened this after noon at the Town Hall in aid of the fund for iquidating the debt on Hindmarsh-sqnare Church. The ladies of the congregation have jeen assiduously taxing their energies for some nme in preparation for getting rid of the incubus vhich hangs over their building. The removal )f the encumbrance they feel would leave them, nore time and means for other objects. Lest foese efforts, however, should not accomplish all ;hat is wished, other friends of the cause have letermined to supplement them by an entertain-' »ent on Thursday evening, at which the Dhief Justice will preside. Several well-known imateurs have promised their assistance in addi tion to professional artists. North Australian Telegraph.— Speaking jf the Queensland telegraph line to the Gulf of Carpentaria, the Brisbane correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald writes :— ' When I last remarked upon this subject, Mr. Cracknell, the Superintendent of Telegraphs, had just returned from his tour of inspection, and the completion of the line depended upon the arrival of the Echobner Spunkie at Normanton with the iron poles for the Norman section. Within the last day or two I have learned from Mr. Cracknell himself that communication is complete as far aa Georgetown, on the Etheredge River, thus finish ing the first section of 176 miles of the Gulf ex tension. In a few days another fifty miles will be completed, and as the Spunkie arrived at Nor manton on 'the 2nd October the whole line to the shores of the Gulf will be- constructed and communication opened by the first week in December. Upon making enquiries I find that the cable now in use between Stradbroke Island and the mainland is almost identical in con struction with that which has been for so many years in use between Cape Breton and New foundland, and that a cable of similar make, equal to probable requirements for some time to come, could be procured and laid at a cost of £120 per mile, or less.' South-Eastern Crops and Clips.— The Standard says: — 'We hear various accounts^ all, however, agreeing generally in putting down the harvest prospects for Mount Gambier as only second class. A few good paddocks, new ground, are likely to yield well, but in many directions there are unmistakable signs of takeall and other farmers' enemies which are causing numerous patches to die off.' The Penola cor respondent, writing on November 9, remarks:— 'Rain is needed for the crops and feed. This has been a very favourable seasen for shear ing. Several of the* up-country sheds are finished, and great numbers of men have passed through the town bound for home or second sheds. There has been very little drunkenness among the men this year, and the town keeps very quiet. Shearing will be finished at Yallum Woolshed to-day. The Penola Station has changed hands. Mr. A. McEdwards, of WrattenbuUie, is the new proprietor. The price^is said to be something h'ke £20,000.' From the Narracoorte Area, on the 4th, a letter says : — ' The crops are coming steadily forward. The cool weather with slight rains that we have had lately have had a most beneficial effect upon the wheat crops, and if all continues as it now promises we shall reap good crops all over the area. There is not the least sign of rust as yet, nor of any other disease. According to the 'signs of the times,' I predict a visit of the Inspector of Areas, as there is a general move at present amongst the selectors who mostly reside in Adelaide and elsewhere to take possession, and reside for a few weeks upon their selections till the inspection is over.' [From yesterday's Evening Journal. ' A Reported Caucus.— Various rumours are afloat as to meetings of members dissatisfied with the result of the Ministerial crisis. We hear, that a Caucus meeting is to be held this (Tuesday) morning to discuss the subject, and consider what should be done under the cir cumstances. Attempted Burglary.— On Saturday night an attempt to rob the Adelaide Boot Factory, in Waymouth-street, was frustrated rather curiously. Shortly before 9 o'clock Mr. Sheppard, the Manager, went to the establish* ment to see after his horse, which is kept in a stable on the premises. After attending to it the rain began to descend, and Mr. Sheppard, who had a small piece of candle in his hand, entered a room to get an umbrella. As he put his hand into the corner where it generally was he was much astonished at, instead of grasping the handle, touching a man's head. He was so startled that he stood looking at the intruder, who seemed equally frightened, and returned the gaze for at least five minutes. Neither spoke a word, and at last Mr. Sheppard, who forbore to raise an alarm in case the man should have confederates who might come to his rescue, began to back out of the room. The fellow followed, and when near the front door took hold of Mr. Sheppard in a very beseeching manner by the beard, begging to be let off, and saying that he had come in the afternoon to see the Factory and been locked in. The Manager unlocked the door, intending to shut it and se cure the offender, but no sooner was it opened than the man bolted, and was no more seen. He had evidently gained access to the establishment through a skylight; a ladder, which was kept in the adjoining yard, being found fixed against the wall. The police were informed of the occurrence, and a constable, who was set to watch, saw between 2 and 3 o'clock on Sunday morning two men on the roof with a light, and made towards them. When they noticed that they were observed they ran along the roof, dropped into Barringer's yard, facing Currie-street, and escaped. The proprietors of the Factory are under the im pression that a system of pilfering has been ' carried on for some time, as various articles have been often missed. Execution op Carl Jung.— The Watch reports that the Sheriff, Mr. W. R. Boothby, accompanied by Mr. C. J. Lawrence, keeper of the Adelaide Gaol, arrived at Mount Gambier on Wednesday afternoon for the purpose of seeing the' sentence of the law carried out on the prisoner Carl Jung, for the murder of Thomas Garroway. The execution was fixed for 8 o'clock on Friday morning, and it was carried out punctually and privately in accordance with existing regulations within the precincts of the Gaol. There were about 20 persons present. The prisoner was attended by the Rev. Mr. Kappler, and advanced with a firm quick step to the foot of the scaffold. A few words of parting between the condemned and the minister concluded, Jung ascended the scaffold after the executioner, apparently quite free from the slightest weak ness or terror. He held a large bunch of flowers in his hand, apd while the rope was being adjusted round his neck he uttered, in a loud clear voice without a tremor, a few sentences in German to the effect that he thanked all those who had interested themselves on his behalf; that he forgave every one; that he forgave the English law for its severity; and concluded by bidding all 'Good-by,' and earnestly praying them to give the bunch of flowers to bis dear wife. He was proceeding with his speech when the bolt was drawn, and he died almost without a struggle. The usual inquest was held at 10 o'clock in the Gaol before the Stipendiary Magistrate. The body was buried shortly after within the precincts of the Gaol. A gentleman who has warmly interested himself in June's behalf since his condemnation has handed us the follow ing digest of a statement made by the convict to him on Friday morning:— He expressed his sincere thanks to all those who sympathized with him in his distress and signed the memo rial praying for his reprieve ; and as they were not successful he hoped they would be rewarded by the Judge of alL He forgave all those who from conscientious or other reasons refused to sign the memorial, and assured them that he was in no way cross or vexed with them, and he hoped and trusted that they would never be placed in a position of any kind so as to need assistance from any one. Pen Picture. — We have received, as usual, the Vietoiian Police Gazette, and there find the following extract from the South Australian periodical of same name:— 'Octavius Alfred Babbage, about 40 years of age, 5 ft. 8 in, high, fair hair and complexion, sandy whiskers, grey eyes, reddish nose, slightly lame from rheu matic gout, an Englishman, is charged, on warrant issued at Adelaide on 19th October, with feloniously embezzling £367 11s., the moneys of the Eauitabie Building Society at Adelaide, of which' the offender was Secretary. It is believed that he went on board the ship Corlic, which sailed hence for Calcutta on the 13th instant.' 