A DAUGHTER OF MUSIC. [FftOM HAIirEHS SEW JIONIHLY MAOAZINB.] In the early part of the summer of 1866, in the interval between the eventful day 'when the troops of King William of Piussia crossed tho frontier of Saxony and the far more eventful day of Sadowa, a traveller from the, United State3 sat at the window of a .house overlooking a German river, and watched the march of a body of soldiers across a bridge. This was a Prussian ?town, from which Prussian soldiers wore march ing south to meet the Austrians, with, »s nine out of every ton Europeans outside Prussian boundaries and a good many iuside ' n'rmly believed, the certainty of defeat before theni! Our American traveller: had arrived only the evening before, .and; finding all: the hotels crowded to ' AVAI^Tin'nrmtT inn/I 'mtAI \r alie-ianr-A nl' i*t\\*%rii\v + *Lt1 tvt^n viiiiiivMiugi h*rf*VLUVV-J -a£'VlJ3VfXl&bl; I.UllTQil'tli tUW a barraclc! 'mess-room/ was glad to be able to take refuge,', in , a . cleanly, pleasdiit chamber in the ho'is.e',pf; a; decorit and. humble . tardily who turned the , eve of war to golden advantage by letting 'lodgings. ?' ',, - ' .'' , ., The evening., was soft,. bright, and beautiful, and the- American'much 'enjoyed his quiet hour at the.windo^ with his cigar arid the pleasant , look-put across' the. riyei-. He was tired of rambling through the city amidat the uoisy . crowds.of soldiers and idlei-3, and ,^he ' perpetiial dfumming and fifing, clattering and rattling, calloDinir and liUHtliiif. whicli are nmoiu' the 'preludes of glorious war. '.. He could not help auiniring ine meany marcu oi tue soiuiero across the bridge, their, firm, compact figures, and the intelligence which seemed to speak in their very movements ; and he began to think, even as he looked on, that perhaps . after all the public opiuion of Europe might not prove To'' be™ oracular— perhaps the Aiuitrions might not, find it so very easy to inarch right over these Prussians into the heart of Berlin. 'How,' hesaiutb himself, ' if it should Lrove to lie tlie case oi tue lan/iee. traders anil the WoutJiem chivalry o.vei'ragaiii !' ? ' ./,.' Aleanwjuje u little iucident of the maich di verted ^his attention' from the political possi bilities'^ As the soldiers were passing along a girl cumo out of the door of tne house where our traveller lodged, and stood just beneath his window. He knew her as the daughter of the family; indee'l, she hndhrought him his coffee . that morning, and he had met her more than once ou the staircase. A very pretty, grace ful girl she was. She was tall and slonder : she had shining dark hair, dark eyebrews, aria sparkling eyes ; and &he; had those clearly cut features, with something of a Grecian outline, which aro certainly not too common in Qer Tnnnw 'Aq ajifi nf-nnrl unto, iti +.lm cinlrinrr mm tight, bareheaded, shading her eyes with her hand, and watching eagerly the passing of the troops, she might have made the . central figure pf a striking picture. ' So stands woman always in t.lio linnr of war.' flionalit. niir TiliilnKnnliii'nl traveller, , 'eager, ansieus, watching in silnrit, suppressed sadness ; the ruaroii of tho ranks which bear, her lpver or her , husband away from her side.' '. ,\ . ''. : ' \,.\ '' ['' ,'' ' , '' i . 'Eyen^as' he' spoke a sudden change came over the'' attitude/of the girl, and slie .spranga'pace or two forward; Then a' blue coated soldier left the TanltBi'ran1 toward her, exchanged an eager wofd or two, kissed her twice, then ran after nis com rades, -and regained his place. The form of the girl drooped and swayed. She still remained where the soldier had left her, and gazed after the long blue line that was fast disappearing on the other side of the bridge. Then, when it had wholly faded, she turned listlessly and slowly^ and entered the house again. Our traveller hact drawn back into the window, lest he should bo seen by the girl as she entered. It would have seemed like wilful sacrilege to have watched tlie little incident of love^and romance which he natu rally assumed that he had just been witnessing. But lie might have spared himself any trouble ; the girl did not look up. He still sat smoking and thinking, and the evening darkened, and the trees on the other side of the river began to look ghostly against the purpling sky. Presently hebecame conscious of a beautiful, tenderinfluence blending with tbatof tho sunsetand the evening airin a softening appeal te his soul and sense. It was tlie music of a piano, played, it eeomed to him, with quite re markable delicacy of touch. The performer was playing some. of Mendelssohn's sweetost, saddest notes ; and the American, a man of taste' and fueling, thought the sounds harmonised ho exquisitely with the hour, the scene, the associa tions, that they might have fitly formed the very expression in music of the parting episode on which he had just looked down. 'But it surely,' he said to himself, ' cannot be that girl who brought my coffee who is playing with such a touoh —with bucIi expression ? If. it is she, then she has the soul of an artist,' Franklin Lathrop was a young American of -fortune, leisure and culture. He might bo said, perhaps, to belong to one of theBublinie, hardly 'appreciated first families, ^ whose claims, however earnestly asserted, it is always quite easy to define. Certainly he knew the best people everywhere— those who are bost worth knowing, 1 i-i nf. 4-hnca urlirt (lfa Vioaf in -f-1ta fnaliinnoV^la ontmn UVU VUU»U IP UV *?* \«f VMIV lit VUW 1UMM1VUUWIV UUUDU* - He had been spending some time in Europe, travelling for self -culture, not for curiosity or idleness, or that he might be able to talk of his travels afterwards ; and he had gone off ibe beaten track everywhere, and tried to know something of the peoples and the tongues of the countries in which he travelled. Now he was on his wav homeward from Russia, and onlv iln. laved a little to catch a glimpse of the way in wnich war goes on in Europe. He dressed very plainly, flashed no meteoric diamond from ring or shirt bosom, made no display of wealth any where, and was, indeed/ in every respect, a quiet, self-contained, modest American gentleman. Nobodjr could be less like the American who makes it his grand ambition to set Paris Bmiling, London staring, and Rome gesticulating with two mocking fingers over his prodigaKty of expense and of display. Next morning the pretty girl waited on Lathr6p again. He looked with new interest aud admiration into her fine, clear face, with its masses of dark hair. So slender, so shapely, so graceful a figure, might have at tracted attention any where. Her dress well set off her form and symmetry ; the white bodice, opening a little in front, the neat bolt of leather, the short petticoats showing a stately ankle and firm foot. Lathrop began a conversation—he spoke Qer mau tolerably — and the madchen joined in it with that ready, unaffected.frankneBS and inno cence which is so charming among the true hearted losses of Germany. Our American spoke of the war and its prospects ; and the girl 'a dark eyes filled with tears, and she told him, scattering his romantic faucies of the previous evening, that she bad been saying a farewell to her brother, who had marched away with hiii regiment. 'Overthe bridge last night?' La throp asked. 'Achja— over the bridge last night: I'Ahdllove him so ; and -I- have not- seen - ijiin much ;of late, because he has quarrelled with, my father on account of out mother, who is dead, and,our father's new wifo. , And now, he is gone , , to the war, and perhaps I shall never see Iiim any more.' .-??-, Sho looked wonderfully picturesque and/ beau tiful in her teal's, which, bo it said, not all women, not oven all pretty women, can do. La throp felt his sympathy dcoply touched. Porliaps ho was not sorry to hear that it was a. brother, not. a lover, for whom hor dark eyes were wet. Ho spoko to her with as much respect and doferonco as if she had been the daughter of Von Biamarck himself. ? , ????-.?..! Lathrop spoke of the piano-playing of the previous evening. The girl's cheek grew -just -a little red as sho acknowledged that sho ,was the performer ; aud she told . him that she had always loved instrumental niuista, that she had been playing on the piano since sue was a little child, that liei' brother had a wonderful gift that way, ami had taught hor all elie' knew. 'But ; you really play with romarkablo, skill, .fou ' ',. ought to become a very successful musician— an ?-'?'?; ' : artist— if you gave yourself] up to the praotice^of music.' ,.,...,; .,.;'. . ? She Biniled and blushed, but ahook - her head, and said sho had too much to, do in the house, and could now find little leisure to play. ' But she still loved the old piano, aiid touched it whenever sbe had a chance. Then ahe made u graceful little obeisance and- withdrew. .,-' Air. Lathrop lingered days and days in this place, where he had intended at first to pass only some forty-eight hours. He became quite a friend of tho family j liked tho worthy and somewhat soft hearted iathf-r. who seemed \ to pass most of his time smoking his pipe, the china bowl of whioh rested on the grouna, ana woo was understood somehow to be a workingjew Bller; liked the sharp but cleanly and not ill natured wife— tho second wife ; liked most of nil, and more and more, the pretty daughter, Frederika. There was uomeluing wonderfully attractive about tlie frank and Iriendly ways of this girl. Lathrop began to , think, some times that he must have known her from her childhood, or must be her fouler- brother, or something of that sort. The more -often .he heard her play tho piano the more he becoma convinced that she was mi-aut to bo on artist. To see her sit . at the instrument, to see how her eyes, her fiuyors, nay tlie veTy; movements r-f ll M* 1 If li fk n Ykrl Ci\l*-.Tilii tii-ll1^T ♦ct\ril//l f\l I t ti Till TAIr VII iJV4 11VUU tMlV* illM/MIV VUUff tl^JUlLV ww» »»«h\« AWt* with the muHie, would liave couviuceil any man of brains unJ culture that here' was' ub, hap- ' uazard inclinaUon or mto, but, the*, genuine ^in spiration of the artifit. ,- ? /, ? '? Something that migb t havo Leon an unlupivy . ^ little mishap befel .Franklin tathrop. , His ^'ex- pected letters had ^one wrong ^ ana failed J to - reach him: and his nionoy uasl.' air '.'given DUt.' Remittances were coming, hut. they had not come. ' Fi'ederika,' soxd '.'La^hrop' one ~ morning, with an air of comical Jlstrefs, 'I am - [in unfortunate man. I have no inoro monfjr ?' left ; not one solitary thaler 1' , '.,, ,'.'?;.' . Frederika's face showed profound Bympathy. She came up and laid her haud gently on liia shoulder. 'Ah, I am bo sorry if it give.1} you pain. But to us it raattm-s nothing ; you shall stay here as long as you will ; oh let it b« .very long ! And you ean pay us any time — when you got money.' 'But suppose 1 au\ always poor, Fraulehv Frederika? 'Then, you shall not think of paying ub at all. When you had the gold, who could be more ready, and liberal? And what would the world be if people did not help each - other ? We are poor, too, But not so poortiiat';we canuoL give alitlle help; to a fnond,\' v . ..' '.'',' Her yoico was tremuloua.'r Our American looked up. Thero were tears in Unr' dark eyes; and she kept her hand' laid! encourag- ingly on his shoulder. She had 'taken ? fhis 'statement literally; she actually bcUbyed' that he was a i)oor youth, out of money 'in a' strange land. It had never occurred to the young American, always conscious of the possession of as much money as ho needed, to suppose that any one could mistake him for a poor war. But this girl had taken his humorous plaint an serieux, really believed that .lie' could not pay, his way, and was more kind and tender than ever in con sequence. A strange thrill of wonder, admira tion, humiliation, dejight went , through 'hU heart. ' Would this ever be believed in T3road way or Fifth Avenue ?' he asked of himself. ' This girl's heart Ls nobler even than her face and figure.' ? .''. His mousy did not come fora few days, and it was quite touching to see the delicate iuid .tender frionuliness which Fiederika showed for hor im pecunious gaest. The Herr Grun, too (such was the name of tlie worthy father), and even the somewhat sharp wife, were more particular 'than ever in their attentions to the youhg man. Of dishonesty these gopdond simple peopleliod nottha least idea or s.uspicibn. , Their guest was a brave young mau who happened iust now to bo a little poor; surely tliat was only another reason for being kind to him. He we'u'ld pay of courBB ? when he got his money. Mtan\vulle Frederika had so clearly made up her naiud that lathron was i poor youth, a wandering Biirsch from a far land across the ocean, . and by consequence extended to him such a friendly aiid sisterly confidence, that he could not find it in hia heart to undeceive her. . When his money came he only paid out just so much as wag necessary to bring up his arrears ; .and he still remained to her tiia, poor American .youth who, like her brother aud like herself, bad to make a stiff fight with the world, aud therefore was one of her own set, as a fashionable person might say, and could be taken into, full sympathy and confidence. Many an evening did Lathrop sit with the family in their common room while Frederika played to him ; many a lon{j pleasant conversation he had with her ; many a fresh delight he found in her bright, naive, clever observations, and the sweet simplicity of ler nature. 'G,o whero 1 may hereafter,' saitt Lathrop to himself one night as he looked out o£ his window and smoked, after an evening thua spent in Frederika's company, ' I can always* say that I once wandered into Arcadia, and was niada welcome there.' ? But energetic young America cannot always abide in Arcadia. Time went ou. Sadbwju was fought and won ; the war waa all ove*. Frederika's mind was at rest about the eafets pi' her brother; and Franklin Lathrop felt that lie ought not to linger by ber side any longer. How sorry ho felt at the nearness of hiu dapaituro how reluctant he was to leave the girl, he 'would hardly have confessed even to hiinself. O«a thing he was determined to do— to ttfgo FrederiLa forward to au artistic career, and toholpher to success iu it if h.ecouhl. So ho did talk to her and to her people on the subject ; but be found the elder Gruns little inclined to encourage what they, rogarded as mere dreams. He therefor© ceased to urge bjs cormee). 'Some day Frederika,' ho Raid to her when his parting drew near, 'your people may chance their minds. If bo, make use of this letter which I give you. The artist to whom it is addressed can judge of your capacity as well, and givs you. as good advice, as any man living ; and he will da so For my sake.' Frederika lookei up at him, amazed, when. Bhei read the name inscribed ou the letter. It was that of one of the most celebrated pianists ia Germany— m.the world ! a man who was asort of idol and distant, deity in Frederika's eyes-. Lathrop knew him well and intimately: and in. the letter besought, him to givo Frederika tha benefit of his advice, and if ho found that she -really haclartistic capacity, to give her a helping Land. ('Then you knbwhim-that great man : yo» ' knoYrmm.-HerrFranrr' Itw&athuaslieTenaereA; . Lathrop's first name. Franklin.' 'I know him, '?'H'reclerika, and1 lbvo him, You will lovohiintoo' '?'.'?. ??''When' you come 'to' know him.' Frederika .' ; ?'??? 'blushed with a kind of blended wonder and awe ? ;rat'tlie thought of her ever coming to know the groat artist. , ' . ' ' ' ?;! But the parting with Lathrop soon banished \ ' every thought of art and artist from Frcderika's, ?mind. The young American bought some hand 1 some and costly presents for every one of the (family. To hor ne gave a beautiful necklace. ; Her eyes sparkled with delight when she saw it, rbiit the next moment hor eyelids drooped, and 3 her face was clouded.- ' Ab, Herr Franz, I fear —I fear that you have been only deceiving us all c this time.': 'Deceiving you, Frederika?' '?'?''Yes, 'indeed. You are no poor liurscli at all : '''you' are' a rich and great man iny yolir own 'country, and you cannot be our friend; and I ' always thought you would be as my friend aud : brother, eVen though I should nevGr see you any ? more. ' 'Dear Frederika, I am certainly not ? a great man in my own country, although I have ?m'onoyj and in my country onemanis as good 'as another. We nave no Edolschaft there, no '?nobility ; your father and I would bo equals and .friends there— he no better, than I ; I no better -~tuah he.' ', ??? -Fredorika opened the eyes of astonishment. 'Let 'US hopo that the patriotic American didin ? rib' wise exaggerate the indifference to soe-al ''? distinction to be found among his countrymen and countrywomen. Let us hope iliat if the ? Herr (Jrun, worthy working-jewellor, had over ,: been permitted to visit the United States, t:Prankun Lathrop would have had him to dine '?? at.hisclub and to drive in Central Park. The '?'parting moment is coming — is come. Lathrop ; ' kept his farewell of Frederika to the lost. Her '? 'face was pale ; her beautiful eyes were swim ' ''.'living in tears ; she mado no secret of her sorrow . at losing him/ 'Ah, my friend and my brother!' '?'?- and she held up her lips to be kissed. -','; 'Franklin ' Latbrop kissed the red lips of the ? innocent, true-hearted girl, and felt a quite un ? ?wonted choking in the throat as lie pressed her hand; bade her farewell, and left her. Yet a : few moments, and ho was straining his eyes as ^ he gazed 'out of the window of the railwaycar ''riage for a last glimpse of the little town where r he had been so happy ; yet a few days and ho ? was standing on the deck of a tossing steamer, 'and gazing back fora last sight of the receding : 'German' shore. ?' Lathrop remained for some six months, or 'thereabouts, quietly in Now York. Ho wrote ?to Frederika, and asked her to writo to him' ; 'hut no' answer came. After a while a restless fit seizod him, and he went to South America. '-? Roturning he wont from Panama to Sail Fran ? cisco, and thoro felt tempted to make a voyage to ' China and Japan, and yielded to the' tempta- '. tion. Morp than another year passed away be ' fore ho went to Now York. '?'??' I will not say that in all this timo the mera ': ''pry of Frederika did not begin to fade. . Lathrop. ' -was hardly at any time clearly conscious of any, feeling deeper than friendship and affectionate' ? interest for the girl, and undoubtedly the passing ; ;of months, the waves of the' .Pacific, and the, '' stvarigo, now scones of Chinese 'and Japanese life ?did, 'tend to efface the clearness of her image in ?'his recollection. But I willsay that ho had not , ?forgotten her ; that he often looked back with ja ''' feeling ? of tenderness and regret to the short,, 1 luippy time when ho knew hor ; that on many ja ' night when he paced the deck and looked; up at the stars or down at the dark turbulence of the 'plunging waves, the beautiful faco of Frederika came up, clear and sad, between him and 'the material objects on which ho turned his eyes. So, between travelling and resting, the days ? -sv«nt on for our American, and the anniversary '?? of tho battle of Saclowa' had twice beon cele ' Ibrated,' and throe years had passed away, sincG 'Lathrop took leave of Frederika. He was ' spending a few days in one of the great Atlantic cities, where he had many friends, and he ro *'' coiveda pressing invitation from a lady to come '? ito one of hor parties. 'Be sure you come,' said the' closing lines of the letter of invitation ; ??'.?'for we are to have the charming young 1 'pianist who has been setting your New York ' folks so wild, and I specially want to have your ' .opinion of her.' , ' *.'„', ? ' -1'' Lathrop had not been much in his native Now ' ' York for some time, and in any case had boen \- ' paying little attention to the rising arid falling of ' artists, had quite 'lbst'tlie run' of musical novelties, and so had nevGr heard of any 'excite c ,aneut create! by any new pianist. 'Nevertheless, Me /resolved that he would accept' the invitation, ' ' arid a half-melancholy smile came over his fnco ' ''as lie ? read again the words, ' charming young ' pidnist;' and thought of his beautiful;; vanished ? ' ' Prederika, and of the hopes or drea'uis lio once ?'''?' had'.that she too might arise some day a. star above the ' artiutic horizon. But no more (lisr ''' ''tinct thought came into his mind,1 and even this c';^ague association presently vanished, and he ??' found himself in the crowded salon that night '?' with a mihdiblariky indifferent, expcctingnotbing, ? lioping nothing, hardly more interested' in his '. ; liostess'H i new. pianist than in his, hostess's -new '? The rooms were very full, and Latlircp made, ''his way not without difficulty, talking, as ho ''^iedeecl himself in, now with thi acquaintance and '?'?'mow with' that, and already a' little; weary of the . ?**?-'; whole 'affair. Suddenly the notes of a piano foil' ''''upbh his ears, and filled him, he hardly know how ' ?''?iw why, with a strange, sweet; delicious' memory. ? ''' '.The'touiih of the performer was that of a master, ~ Vlielit, nrm,briliiant,powerful ; the music was ex- ? * Vitiuisite': butit was not themusic brthe skill of the, ?'' ' performer 'alone which' just now fascinated our **'?'. Lathrop:'; ' H was something- suggested' by/ the ?'auua'ic, andjefc not of it or in.it;: something, of . ^nneroory and sympathy and friendship, of- past '? ?'..'ftouraand realities, that seemed to have^ turriod °'i'intb dreams ; forashelistenedtotliosoundsallthe crowd and the scenearound him ^'anishocl away, ?' '''and lie'wak iigain '-h ,'thb poor I.iftle roonV of the ''' '?iierraaiVhausebold, ?'sitting' in the twilight, and ' '''Hiateriihg' to Fraclerika as she played upon the ' oii'plano. ' ' It's the now pianist, the Gorman,. . , '' 'oomebody said,' near Lathrop. : 'She :lias; a wonderful touch, but I.don't think she has much, 1 ''snerice. ; They say she is very pretty ; lotus try;, '' 'fcpget near and havo a glimpsa of hor. ' _ ./; j ... .**' Aaif the words had been addressed to himself, . ?J, I«athrQp suddenly pressed forward. He pushed ^VJiis'way, hardly knowing what ho did , or why |he, A^aa so eager, through' the crowd, regardless:. of ; ?-' %7 Jtraios on which he trampled, the laces winch ''''be rfliutterisk of tearing, the aiigry , eyes, which ' ' t£rn«L ax him and followed ,1ns path. He ; ^fought 'his- *.way /into the inner .rpom- whence ;' ithe sow;id of thd music came, and at last he saw: \- the new.piamst. He wasnot surprised somehow. ' iShisWa^^vliat lie had [, expected^ , eeesince the ':. \flrstn6te «£ themusic fellupon his ear, Thoremt '-'^jiis friend yrederii-a, only changed, because her ' '-' beauty had become iniore ? striking and brilliant ; r-': '.because hei': mngnificerit masses i of dark hair . ? V'lboked. more glorious than ever ; because her eyes V 'sparkled niora brightly ; because the grace, the ; '. :':.vivacity, the noble energy, if such a word may be ::.' Wed, -of her mot/ons and her attitudes,, as Jipr ' firi 'era rah over the chords of tho instrument, . '., were more conspicuous And captivating than ever. .There sat Frederika, an-2 round her white throat ': ^V%iis, .tho'.: licckkpe-, which had been '^s Partine ',5^ The -music rippled,' sparkled, trembled, and 1 ' viaich'ed': and.' the, crowd around tho performer. ?Vfi;wereh'eid^n;the'}ntehsity'p£ admiration and de ^'Uifilitfr-.Tljepne thing every one, admired yet ??? *'^ inora thai 'the (playing was the manner in which r '' 'ihe Soul; heart, eyes, and very frame of the ^peyforinef--,Beeine(l toffee absorbed; uito^ her 'music.- Suddenly thero is a crash- on the notes,, a pause;- a silence, tho upset of a: music-stand;' and the pianist, forgetting instrument, music,; audience and propriety, had sprung from her place and clasped Doth tho hands of Franklin Lathrop. And it required all our young Amer ican's senso of the situation aud powers of self control to keep him from repeating then and there the Wsb he had' given to Frederika on parting, and which his lips, like ' thoseof Cono lanus, had virgined since. ? Then, when the wildncssof this first greeting was over, Frederika turned, with great grace and dignity, to the hostess, and mado apology for her abrupt behavior, explaining that she had found in Lathrop a dear friend to whom Bhe owqd.all ,her;succes3,and whom sho hardly hoped ever to meet again. It wasquitoa pretty arid ; romantic little episode, everybody said ; and a good many of -the ladies thought Frederika rathor bold, and some even declared that they quito pitied that poor Mr. : Lathrop, But the gentlemen did not seem exactly to pity Lathrop, and, in any casp, Lnthrop did not much care. She bad Buccceeded, then ? Yes- and through his counsel and help. Very soon after Lathrop's departure from Europe her dear father died, and her brother went. to live in Berlin, and she resolved to go thero with him and to. endeavor to become an artist. Latbrop's letter to her she had never received. But sho presented his intro duction to the groat German musician, and the great musician saw that there was something in her, mode her his pupil, and finally sent her forth into the world with the seal of his approval. She succeeded in Berlin, in Vienna, in Paris, and in London ; and now, by tho advice of her patron and' teacher, had accepted advan tangeous offers to visit the United States. Her patron never knew how strongly she waB im pelled to cross tho Atlantic by the dim, faint ghost of a hope that somewhere on the farther shore she might meet again the friend whom she had loat. It was only last winter that Lathrop thus found Frederika again. Thorefore ene cannot toll much more of the story: and perhaps, in deed, no genuine story- reader will need to be told any more. But people do say that a marriage between the brilliant young German pianist and Mr. Franklin Lathrop may be looked forward to as a certainty ; and for orie I fully believe that those who say so are right. 