AN EVENTFUL IIFE. A story so strange that it sooms almost incredulous was told by a young women, named Mary M'Evorett, who appeared at the Geelong Central Police Court, recently charged with larceny. Although not quite twenty years of ago, if her statement be correct, shle has experienced some extraordinary vicissi tudes. Throe years ago, she alleges that h:r fate was irretrievably sealed by a marriage contracted with a Chinaman, at Scarsdale. The bonds of holy matrimony were welded, she assorts, without her consent, and previous to the ceremony she was drugged with wine supplied by a company of Chinamen into whose society she allowed herself thoughtlessly to be entrapped. The Mongolian bride groom went by the name of Dick, and the officiating clergyman-a lfr. Taylor -received a sum of £830, subscribed by the other Chinamen, for his services. Cherishing an intense repugnance for her swarthy, almond-eyed, tail- decorated, but withal devoted ' Dick," after a very brief cat-and-dog experience of matri monial infelicity, the brittle bonds were rudely burab, and "Dick" retired to a pastoral occupation-tailing sheep-on one of the runs of the Westerni District. The larceny of which .'Everett now stood accused occurred in the following manner :-George Thomson, a farmer residing at Lake Connowarre, engaged her as a servant, at a labor office in Gee long. This was on the 12th February, and on the following day she went out to her place. Nothing uncommon transpired till Sunday morning, or two days after wards, when on the master going into the kitchen, he found that his servant had levanted. A letter produced in court was lying on the table. Thedocu mneat, badly written, was as follows: "-ples to send my box home to my mother, my body is in the river, inam tide of life; if you come to the water you find my body, take it to my poor mothers howse, if don' toll her of my ghost." The letter was a sanguinary one, being bedaubed with blood, and the result was that with all possible speed the police were put in possession of the facts. Shortly afterwards Sergeant Toohey, equipped with drags, proceeded to the scene of the supposed suicide. But happy precaution being taken to examine the girl's chest before searching for the body, a new light burst on the affair when it was discovered that the box was minus every particle of property, beyond a pair of blankets which belonged to her master, and which he was evidoetly in tended to be deprived of. Sergeant Toohey returned, and bout his steps on the following day to Worzoldino, on the Western road, where he discovered the servant maid of suicidal tendencies safe and sound. On being questioned about the foolish epistle, she admitted lhaving painted it with blood obtained by prick ing her finger with a pin. For the theft of the blankets sIhe was sent to prison for one month, where she will be enabled to reflect at leisure on her extremely foolish and humiliating esoapade.--Geoloag E'?. proe8. 