CRUSHED TO DEATH IN CATHEDBAL CLOCK, The bell-ringerinthe cathedral of Wurtzburg has perished under very sin°-ular. circumstances. The church possesses a splendid clock,' with pon derous and complicated works, while a pendulate of proportionate length vibratesto and fro with a -dull' and monotonous thud. Recently the clock needed cleaning, and the ringer was deputed to superintend the werk, though he ruefully endeavored t» be excused from the task. It seemed that he never willingly approaehed the belfry from certain.unpleasant asso ciations. About twenty years ago he killed hie predecessor in office, accusing him of carrying on a criminal intrigue with his wife. When brought to- trial he escaped the gallows owing to a defi ciency of legal proof. The patronage of one of the canons then procured him the appointment vacant by the death of his victim. Hence, it is said, arose his superstitious dread in connection with the belfry, which was supposed by many to be haunted by the ghost of the murdered ringer. On the morn ing when the clock was to be cleaned it suddenly stopped, and the bell ringer was nowhere to be found. A workman from the town was sent for, and ascended the tower, when he was horrified to find the pendulum and lower works dripping with Wood; Upon searching further the body of the bell ringer was found entangled in the works frightfully mangled end crushed. One supposition is that he committed suicide by climbing up the pendulum and then pitching himself into_the machinery of the clock. Bpt the wonder-loving gossips of the place, with a thoroughly German propensity for the horrible, declare, that the guilty man, upon reaching the gloomy cham ber wherein the works revolved, was horror-striken^by?the apparition jof his. predecessor sitting astride the great balance-wheel of the clock, and had then been drawn into the works by a species of horrible fascination similar to that which the rattlesnake is said to exercise over its prey. There sat the spectre, rubbing his gory hands with hideous glee as the victim was slowly drawn in among the cog-wheels and ratchets of the machinery. An agonising yell, a crash of bones and all was still! Such, according to the Itnlie, is the newest legend of the belfry of Wurtzburg. GOLD IN IRON PYRITES. The Boston correspondent of the St. John Globe in a letter to that paper gives the following important information:-" I am enabled to com-, municate to yon, in advance of publi cation here, the very, important fact that it has been aiscovered by an American chemist (a Boston mm) that there is a very large quantity of gold! in a mineral which even the best che mists have repeatedly pronounced to be worthless for all useful purposes,. I mean iron pyrites* This gentleman has jugt returned from Europe, where he has demonstrated his diseovery -y but as he will not reveal his process, tho chemists take their revenge- by refusings to believe him. He <Aaim& to be able to extract from the pyrites gold ta the amount of 1,000 doleo* and upwards. This gentleman, in company with Mr. N. J. Brown's agent in Boston, Mr. Kirwin, and another gentleman who is about to open a branch of Industry in connection with the marble discovery, is going to visit Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, and perhaps New Brunswick, as soon as navigation opens-about the fifth of April. The discovery, of itself, however, only shows how broad and widening are the possibilities which scientific ^research is every day opening up to us." 