. CARRY'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER I. MRs. HIoas had been marketing in the Lon don- road, Southwark. A brisk women, who "would not have lost time over her bu'iness tranisaotions had it not been for less methodi 'oal people, who crowded the shops and bar assed the ehopkeepers on this Saturday night in question. It was a busy night London-road way; wages had been paid, and there was money to spend for Sunday dinners, and for Satur day drains at the pewter- covered counter of the' Alfred Head. Trade was flourishiog Southwark way ; they were in furl work at the iron foundries, pin-factories, and hop warehouses about there; nobody was out of work, or out on strike; provisions were plentiful, and not too dear; the working o lasses were doing well-too well, some peo ple, said, for the spring-van excursion busi noese was a great success that summer, and t?he publicans had never had such times I Why, the working-olasses could have oyster-suppers at the corners of the streets, and take Monday to themselves, and pay ready money at their bakers'; and one workman in the neighbourhood had been * known to bank money; but then he lived at the back of Bethlehem hospital, and the pros pect might have turned his head a little. " Mrs. Higgs lived at the back of the Beth lehem hospital also, at the bottom of one of those quiet, shady, shabby streets, branching out: of St. George's road; and having done her marketing, after some fight for places and haggling for prices, was weeding her way homewards, with a basket, a brown paper parcel, an umbrella, and a latch-key. It had begun to rain-just as Mrs. Higgs had prophesied it would rain to her next-door neighbours, and to the dressmaker with the cough over the way, previous to sallying forth in search of supplies-and the wind had risen unpleasantly fierce, and was troubling the 'skirts of the prophetess as she turned the corner ol Fife-street. "I knew what it would be," she said, sharply. "It's always the way if I leave it till Saturday. And what business have I to leave it till Saturday, now the lodgers have gone? I ought to have known better I" The wind had Fife-street all to itself until Mrs. Higgs's arrival. Fife-street possessed no thoroughfare, and terminated in a blank high wall, which was more than extra lugu brious that August night; and, to Mrs. Higge'afancy, seemed to keep the wind in the place on purpose to aggravate her. . Battling her way through adverse elements, with basket on arm, parcel of groceries pressed. to her bosom, latch-key on her little finger, and umbrella vibrating and flapping ominously above her, Mrs. Higgs reached her door-step, shorn of all its whiteness by the slush-and Fife- street was more than extra slushy in wet seasons. It was not till she had lowered her um brella, and was presenting her latch-key like a pistol at the door, that Mrs. Higgs became aware of an intruder on her doorstep-a dark figure, with its arms crossed, and a hat cooked forwards on its nose. " Is that you, Joe ?" "Joe l--no." "Then please get out of this," she said sharply, after recovering from a little jump of surprise at the presence of a stranger. "You can't stop on people's doorsteps, blocking up the way like this. You must go somewhere else. I've nothing to give away-I never had. ' Im sorry for you; but you must be off, young man." A second glance had assured her that the intruder was a young man-the light from the lamp over the way shone upon a white faced, dark-haired youth, who had roused himself at her direct appeal. "Are you Mrs. Higgs?" . "That's my name, sir-well-known in these parts ; thirteen years come Friday next, the twenty-fust. "Thirteen yearsl-so long as that, now?" "And if you've anything to say to me, whose name is Higgs-be quick about it, please. You should know better than to waste your time at your age." "'Right enough, Mrs. Higgs-I should know better-I hope I do," said he, leaving tho doorstep for the pavement. "Open the door, please, and let us proceed to business at once.", , Mrs. Higgs drew back suspiciously, and put-her latch-key in her pocket. "I ihaven't lived thirteen years in London not to know the tricks on it by this time; and one or t'other of you are always up to some thing. You don't think I read the news yare for nothing ?" SIre. Higgs spoke with extraordinary ra y; abe was a sharp woman, who was not t,-., imposed upon at her time of life. You're afraid of thioves ?" " I don't know that I'm afeard of 'em," was the quick rejoinder; "and certainly not thieves of a whipper-snapper sort, as you may be, for what I know. But if you've anything to say to me about the lodgings, or if you've come from Mr. Webber, why, say it here, please,' and don't keep an old woman in the rain." "-But I've a good deal to tell you-and I've come a hundred miles to tell it, Mrs. Higgs. My name is Galbraith." "-Oord bless me, childl-you don't mean that l'" The brown paper parcel was slipping down wards, when she made a clutch at it, dropped her umbrella, and shook up a host of things in her capacious basket. ".Galn- Galbraith I Then you're Master Neal?" "To be sure. The limb that was, thirteen years ago." "-And not the limb that is; or you're no credit to my master," she said, plunging with her latch-key at the door; "come in, Measter Neal, and let me see how you have altered all these years, and whether you're like your handsome father, who's quite well, I hope ? And what brings you here at this time o' the night at your age in this drefful London ?" she said, opening the door, and passing into the dark cavernous passage. "This way mind the step-- I'll get a light in a minute. Of all the odd contigimies of life, why, thisis oddest. I was only thinking of you just r.ow, coming up the street in the wet." She had thought of the Galbraiths, father and son, every day, for the last thirteen yeare, for the matter of that; but the coincidence was not the less remarkah'e to her. Neal Galbraith stepped into the passage, closed the door, and shut himself in with the darkness, standing with his back to the wall waiting for Mrs. Higgs'a summons to advance. The signal come at last, after much "drat ting" of lefractory matches, and pattering of agile feet about the room : and then the young traveller entered a plain, but neatly-furnished parlour, where a candle was hoginning to sputter upon the centre table. The lady of the house advanced towards him, with two hands cased in cotton gloves extended. The youth placed his hands within them, and shook them heartily. "To think that alter all those years- ," she said. "After all these years-to think of it," was the somewhat dreamy answer. "You can't remember me, Master No:l ? " " I catch the likeness somewhere-but I was only six years of ago, you know." "Ah I-to be sure-no more. How you've grown!-I shall see you better by-and-by, when the light burns up. You've rather dazed me by flopping in like this I" "Make quite sure of me, Mrs. Higgs," he said, laughing; " I may be a pickpocket, or a burglar, after all." "0 I know the ring of the voice; and there's likeness enough in you to keep the worrits down. Now, let us have the news take a chair pleae--not that one in the corner, Master Neal-the last lodger broke that flinging it at his wife, the ruffian. I'll be ready for you before you're settled down quite." Mrs. Higgs tossed off bonnet and shawl, folded the latter with a quick roll of her hands, and placed the former with it on a chair, set down basket and parcel, skipped into the passage with her umbrella-after becoming coognisant of drips-skipped back again, and dropped into a chair before her visitor. Face to face thus-two figures, whose parts are not minor ones in this story-let us sketch them hastily. Mrs. Higgs, a woman of sixty years, and remarkably agile for them; quick in hbar movements; spare and short of figure; han ong no superfluous flesh wherewith to encum ber her-a thread-paper kind of woman, harassed, as we have seen, in windy seasonsof the year. A woman with a lined, even a grave, face-the face of one who bad seen trouble, and surmounted it by hard fighting and patience. " For they were clear grey eyes, that looked unflinchingly at things ahead still -and thin lips, that were compressed together when silent, and were indicative of a will of their own, should occasion necessitate it. A face that had brightened very much during the last ten minutes, and was looking its best that night. And the visitor who had come a hundred miles to see her? A youth of nineteen years of age, tall for his age, loose-limbed and angular after the fashion of his years, black haired, black eyed, and sallow faced. It was a face worth looking at, for all that- stamped with an intent, eager expression, seldom seen in so young a man-the face of one who had begun the world early perhaps, and was al ready armed cap.d-pie to battle with it. He wore his hair somewhat long, and brushed back off his forehead and behind his ears, in an eccentric fashion, that seemed to disavow all facial dasguise, and leave room for the play of features far from immobile. Altogether a strange-looking, and not bad-looking youth; verging on interesting, let us hope, or we may as well shut our desk and give up the subject, for the hero of this story-poor fellow I poor herol1-has already stepped from the side scenes to the footlights. "And so you're Master Neal turned up agai ?" said the woman, after facing him for some time in silence, with her hands upon her knees and her head bent forward; "it brings the old times back, the sight of you." " I wish it did I " Yes, Mrs. Higgs was a sharp woman in her way, for the change in Neal's voice suggested a suspicion, and his change of countenance confirmed it. "Not in trouble--him ?" " No, I don't say that-you mustn't say that," said the youth quickly, " when you see him presently." " Is he in London, then ?" " Yes-at an hotel, awaiting my return." " And then-go on, child-you're very slow of your age. I'd be 'shamed, if I was you, of getting on so slowly. Master Neal smiled at the reproof. " I had forgotten what a good bustling soul you were, Mrs. Higgs," he said apologeti cally; "but then it is thirteiin years ago, you say?" "Thirteen year come Friday week the twenty-fust, since I got married like a fool," said the precise woman; !' them Fridays are unlucky days, I'm 'olined to think some times. Mrs. Higgs had a peculiar habit of chip ping off the first syllables of long words, and launching the latter headless in argument; at six years of age Master Neal had incurred her grave displeasure by mimicking this weakness -he seemed better mannered now. " You don't like long stories, Mrs. Higgs, and I'm fond of cutting them short myself, though you mayn't think so, at present. Well, we've come to grief." Mrs. Higgs clasped her hands silently to gether, and stared more intently at our hero. She understood his argdt perfectly; there are some slangy phrases that tell theiratories ac curately at least, and save a string of fine words. They go straight'to the white like an arrow. "Crome to griel --ah I" "It was our bad luck, you see- " said this youth lightly, perhaps a trifle too light to be genuine, "and down we dropped like a stone, and here we are I" "And nobody to toll me of it. It's funny I" "Ah; it is funny. I've been laughing all the way to town:about it, Mirs. Higgs." " And that's imperencs-and you can keep that to yourself. We got lots of that in Fife street." The youth reddened at this second reproof, looked grave, and then went on again. " You must not be too hard upon me yet; preseotly I shall get used to you--he always was. I can't expect you to be affected much by our roverses-you've had troubles of your own, I've heard." " Who told you?" " My father." "My troubles didn't concern him, any more than yours concern me, Master Neal-and yet he liked to hear them. Go on with youre." "0! Iam notgoingto say much about them, Mrs. Higgs," he answered quickly; " I've come for adPvice i. we don't knowanny. thing about London, and we want cheap very cheap apartments." " We'll talk about 'em presently. How did you coa e to grief-you and him? " "Easily enough. He was never a rich man-just able to jog on comfortably in a country town- nothing more." "A 'tented man-what ailed him sudden like?" " One of his ideas. You know how clover he was? " "Good for I the mess he made about the house with his 'ventions-yes " "Ah I but he wasn't a fool, or a man with the ghost of ideas, Mrs. Higgs. You know that?" "I don't know anything about his ideas I've seen wheels going riund, and smelt a night of nasty oil, in his workshop- that's anl." "He discovered many things-patented them-hoped to make a fortune from them. Hoe was very clever, Mrs. Higgs I " " What do you keep saying was for?" "I'll tell you in a minute. He hoped to make a fortune from one discovery in particu lar, and he didn't, that's all !" " Why not ?" "Because Tressider stole his patent-went to law with him for rights he never possessed -tired him out by law-made the victories which my father gained by law but another step towards his ruin-pushed on from court to court, with appeal after appeal-a million aire, conspiring to defraud my fattier of his independence- and he broke him, madam, by force of money, and brought ano honest man to ruin,-the thundering thief! " Neal Galbraith had warmed during this hurried recital, and forgotten the capacity of his listener ; he spoke in a loud voice, with his ohest heaving, his ayes flashing, and his hands clenched tightly. At last heopened one hand and brought it down flatwise on the table, to give due effect to his withering peroration. Ahl I yes-you're a limb still I" Mrs. Higgs commented, after another jump of alarm. "I see, you come to grief, as you say; how will you get out of it ? " "It's all over, that attempt. I am about to take office in London-turn clerk-any thing. I'm going to take care of the old dad I" "You I-a boy? " "A man, Mrs. Higgs I Bless your soul, I have been a man these two years I " 0! have you ? " was the doubtful query. " I have cheered him up-fought for him -been. housekeeper, maid-of-all- work, son, and keeper. Yon know him well-he was never made for wear and tear, for much trouble." "Perhaps not-who is ? " " And I have found-no matter how-a place in London. Eighty pounds a year to begin with-is not that a man's wages? " "Seems good pay," was the quiet obser vation here. "How long they'll think you're worth the money's doubtful." "I think I shall be worth it," was the proud reply. "Why, I'll work hard. I'm not a fool-I'm strong-I see my way ! " "Nothing like a good 'pinion of yourself. I've got one too, and it never did me any harm. It keeps me strong yet. Nothing like making the best of it, whatever it is, and turning good out of it, if you can. But you can't ! " " Why not? " "You're fretful, rather-fidgety, and all of a work, like a pail of cast / Bless your heart, boy; I know every turn of you." "No, you don't." "I don't say that you're a bad sort-the Galbraithe I knew never was, father, mother, or son. And the mother-now!" "Ah! it don't seem for the best that she should have died so early,." was the mourn ful comment here. "There !-what did I tell you just now ?" "I don't repine-I'm not complaining," was the quick answer. "She died-for the beat. A lady born my mistress, who took part of my heart with her into her grave I" she said, with the first true utterance of feeling escaping her, " would have been one more to work for in these hard early days of yourn." " Would I have cared for that?" " I'm speaking of the extra wear and tear, that's all. But him-your father-can't he help hisself?" "Not much-not at all," was the grave response. "Sorry for it. I think I see it all. Now, what shall we do ?" "Ah I that's the question I " " You want 'partments-cheap ones-very cheap ?" "Yes, for a beginning. I hope-" " Keep to the 'ginning please-we'll set tle that first. I've a parlour and two bed rooms to let; you'll be a help to me; I shall be a help to you-mutual 'commodation and no favour." "But-" " I've kept that bill in my window till it's fly- blowed-times are hard .with me too, Master Neal." "Ah! you want to help us. I was afraid of that when I came here," cried the youth. "You have been a faithful servant in the better times, would go out of the way for us now, and put us under obligations." "I'm too old to be foolish-I'm glad to got lodgers, whoever they are. I would rather have those I know than those who mayn't pay their rent, or 'poseo upon me. So you can bottle up that pride, and bring your father with you." "You must never speak to him as if he were dependent upon me. You must bear with him, for he's greatly altered, and a bad temper will try him very much." "I'm a little sharp at times, when put out, like other people. You needn't give me all these warnings, child." "Pardon me, buthe is weak-not like his old self in anything. You will understand that in good time." " Ill1 try," was the dry response. "And don't talk about his inventions above all, his losses, mind that, please." "I'm not likely." "And now, what's the rent of your apart mente? Let me see the rooms, and go to businessin a proper manner, Mrs. Higg5." " Well, we'have been going on anyhow," she said, taking up the light, and subsiding into the landlady. "This way, please, sir!" Mrs. Higgs led the way from the room. A sitting-room on the first floor, and two bed-rooms on the second, scantily furnished, and of small dimensions enough, but clean and wholesome, and devoid of London smells. Master Neal's face seemed to pale more and more at the prospect, but he kept firm, and faced his landlady with an unmoved aspect. "I suppose all London rooms are about the same, at this rent ?" "A little wue, sometimes-betler some times, sir." " We can't afford more money this year. Ten shillings a week, you say ? " "I can't take a farthing less." "I'll have them. Shall I give you a do posit ?" " If you please." Master Neal paid the deposit, and, relieved in mind. by the business character of the lat ter portion of the interview, took his depar ture, promising to return with his father ir an hour.. Mrs. Higgs hoped that he would not be later, as he went out of the narrow passage into the dark street. In rather less than an hour, when the shoots were aired, and Mrs. Higgs had finished bustling about the upper rooms, the rattle of cab-wheels awoke the echoes of Fife-street. Mrs. Higgs was at the door, shading the candle with her hand from the heavy draught, as the Galbraiths, father and son, came towards her, and the driver began hauling at the boxes on the roof. The father walked somewhat feebly to wards the house, and was assisted by the son. The son erect and firm, and proud of his charge; the father bowed a little by the grief that had come to him, a grey-haired gentleman, below the middle height, who walked slowly and with difficulty. Mrs. Higgs threw up her hands spasmodically at the eight of him, and nearly shook the candle from its socket on the wet pavement; belore the action could be noticed she was the brisk, matter-of-fact landlady of No. 15 once more. "This way, gentlemen - mind the scraper." Mir. Galbraith, senior, looked up at her as he advanced. And from the travelling-cloak he wore held forth a palsy-stricken hand. " Old servant-old friend," he muttered in a weak voice, that was almost childlike in its tone, "you'll help us?" " When you can't help yourselves," was the brisk, cheery answer, " which won't bhe yet a while, I knowl! Now, mind the step," she said, taking the outstretched hand, and assisting the old gentleman gently forwards -" people not used to it always come head furet into the passage; now then, sir, one, two I "Thank you, Mrs. Higgs. It's like old times to hear your voice. Neal," in a low whisper, "I feel better." " To be sure, sir." Upstairs into the front room on the first floor, where Neal unfastened his father's cloak, and placed him in the easy-ohair before the table already laid for supper. " There, father--home at last ! " "Ah ! that's well." OIIAPTER II. Neal Galbraith, hero, was awakened the next morning by a tapping at the panels of his door. He had come a long journey yesternight, had been vexed by the care of luggage, search for Mrs. Higgs, choice of apartments, &o.;, and was still sleeping, when his landlady ventured to arouse him. "Who's there ?" he cried at last. " Only me, Master Neal," was the reponse without; "I thought you might like to know it's getting on for church-time." "0 !-thank you," after a pause. " You might like to begin London life in a proper manner, I thought; but if you're tired ust for once-" "No, I'll be up in a minute. Don't talk so loud-you'll wake the old gentleman, and he seldom get's up before twelve o'clock. I say, I forgot about Sunday's dinner, and all that." "I didn't." " You're a good friend, Mrs. Higgs; but I knew that before, or I shouldn't have come to Fife-street in search of you," he answered from within--" what a selfish scamp I am!" "You're in better spirits than you were last night." "I always am good-tempered in the morn ing. This is a queer blind of yours. I'm hanged if I can draw it up, Mrs. Higgs ! " "There's a knot somewhere in the blind cord; when you get over that- " "All right-so we Galbraiths overcome difficoulties. Hollo! what the deuce is this ?" There was a long pause, and Mrs. Higgs on the landing waited very patiently and hazarded no answer. "Here, I say, Mrs. Higgs !" "I'm going downstairs now, sir, to see about your breakfast. I'll talk' as long as you like another time." "Yes, but wait a moment; what place is this at the back here ?" "That's the hospital, Master Neal. It's a fine building, ain't it? " " Ye-es." Master Neal made no further reply, but sat cross-legged and scantily apparelled on the cane- bottomed chair, looking out of the window at the prospect. " Cheerful," he added, sotto voce, after a long ruminative stare; "and lucky for the old gentleman that I gave the best room as his due. I suppose it's Bedlam-it looks like it. By George! what a nice prospect for a low-spirited man, which I am not, at all events. Ninetoon-going on for twenty, and in low spirits !-pooh, it's not natural ! " Neal dressed, and descended to his sitting-room on the first floor, where break fast awaited him. On Mrs. Higgs's first entrance, he said "I'm afraid we shall give you a great deal of trouble, Mrs. Higgs." "I'm used to it ! " " My father always has his breakfast taken up to him; and although I can manage it on Sunday mornings, yet- " "It's gone up, Master Neal. I haven't forgotten his ways." "But these are new ways?" "I fall into them." "I'm glad I've come here, though it is a dull street with a mad-house at the back," said Neal. "I scarcely remember you my self, still I've heard so much of you from him." "Pity he hadn't anything better to talk about I " was the sharp response. "And when mother died, and before the other trouble, he missed you more than ever." " I know that." " He wrote to you to come to him ? " "I couldn't. I'd a home to mind, and a husband to see after then." " Yes, I remember." "Now put on your hat and go to church. Young men who don't, go .o church of a Sunday alwa~ys turn out wrong." "01 thou-I'll go," he said. " Look after my father when he first comes down; he'll soon settle hero, and want no looking after. He's strong in his way; you'll sou that, Mrs. Higgs." Neal Galbraith went to church, and Mrs. Higgs stood at the door and watched him down the street. " I declare he is nearly a man," she mut tored; "and to think he was a 'ractious baby a'most when I saw him last! And to think that his father has been fool enough to lose all his money, and come down to Fife street! " The man who had been fool enough to lose all his money entered an appearanco at half-past twelve o'clock, in the sitting-room of the Galbraiths. He came shuffling down stairs, with one hand on the banisters, and entered the room with a weak, vacillating step, like one to whom the ground was strange yet. A little thin-faced man, with keen grey eyes and a disproportionato fore head, a man that was all forehead, which troubled you with its demonstrativeness, and made your head ache to look at. A man old-fashioned in attire, with gilt buttons to his dress-coat, and a voluminous frill to his shirt, clean for the occasion, as befitted the day, or as befitted the new life, which de served clean linen as a start off. He bowed to the landlady, who had heard him descending, and was in the sitting-room before him. " Good-morning, Mrs. Higgs." " Good-morning, sir." " Where's-where's Neal ? " " Gone to church, sir, like a good youth." " Like a good young man I " corrected the father, drawing a round snuff-box from his pocket and opening it. "A young man who will prosper in life, and be a credit to me. He has told you-all, I suppose ? " "0 1 every word, sir. There's no occa sion to repeat it." "If it weren't for him, I shouldn't care this pinch of snuff, Mrs. Higgs," he said; "but I did hope to see him start in life a gentleman. I gave him a gentleman's edu cation, and I did my best." "Nobody 'putes that. And he'll be a comfort to you; I see it in his face." "I thank you for that opinion, because it's a good and true one; and you were al ways quick to see the best or worst of us. You see the best of him," "He has his tempers-hot ones, I sup pose. I always fancisd that he'd never grow up into a man, but bust suddenly into 'turity." "He has no tempers, except good ones." " He don't show them to you, at any rate, and that's like a good son." "He ought to have ridden in his car riage, Mrs. Kiggs; but right was wrong, or wrong got the best of right, and every time I proved my honesty I added to my expense, and then-the smash came !" " Yesi, yes, I've heard all that." "Treesider did it," said Mr. Galbraith, beginning to shake with agitation, as hoe had seen him last night when he tottered feebly to his new estate, " he wouldn't let the matter rest-lie Ihad made thousands of pounds out of the patent, and he wanted to make more, and to prove his claim to it; and so lie lied and robbed, robbed and lied, and set others on to do the same, until I lost my money-then my wits ! " "But the wits came back, and perhaps the money will." "They let me go at last, and Neal took care of me till I got stroug and well again. Why, I'm not an old man now, and it will all come round again, Mrs. Higgs, and I shall be a comfort to that boy, instead of a clog round his neck for life. Don't-don't you think that I shall get as strong as ever ? " "To be sure you will." "But all the money's gone. except fifty pounds a-year." "Then that can't trouble you much." "And some day, when I get very strong in the head, I shall think of something else, and 0 ! no, no, no, I'll invent nothing more. Invention brought me down to this; I mustn't think of anything again." "I'd think of taking a little walk before dinner." " I never go without Neal." " Would you like to read? " " I never read; it makes my head ache." "Then I wouldn't sit here all of a heap. Why don't you stand at the door and watch for your son's coming from church ?" " Thank you, Mrs. Higgs; I think I will." "You can see all up the street." " Well, really, that's very kind of you to say so." The old gentleman found his way down stairs a few minutes afterwards, and took up his position at the place assigned him. Fife-street way people were partial to stand ing at their doors in summer-time, more es pecially the non-church goers, who had leisure. Sunday evening was quite lively in consequence, and Sunday morning was not to be complained of. The workman at the engineer's, who never went to church, and rented a pair of parlours lower down, sat on the doorstep that day in his Sunday's best, and kept watch over a sturdy little boy who toddled up and down the pavement with a go-cart; the milliners over the way, who slept late on Sundays, came to the door about a quarter to one, dressed like count eases, and took stock of the passing world; and a few slouching youths, with yellow sticks with hooks to them, knocked about a ball until Mrs. Higgs tapped at the window and told them through the glass that they ought to be ashamed of themselves--an as surance that narrowed their sphere of action for the next five minutes. Church over, and the potman yelping from door to door; the few devoutfolk Fife-streeoot way-it was a very undevout street-return ing home, and glancing on route at the now lodger whom Mrs. Higgs had found; the I idle boys sent off to the baker's' for the Sunday joints, and coming back with careful stops and smoking dishes; Neal Galbraith, with his head very ereat, and with a martial kind of tramp, quite out of place in South wark, at last advancing. Mr. Galbraith brightened up at the advent of his son. "Keeping a look out?" said Neal, as he I approached; "that's well. Come for alittle walk, sir, if you feel inclined. You know more about London than I, and can show me the nearest way to the city. To-morrow, I you remember, I am city bound." "EhI ?" "You remember; city bound." " To be sure. My memory's very good," he said, brightening up; ." I, think I will put you in the way, Neal." The old gentleman was assisted down the stop by the son, who drew the father's arm through his and walked away with him. Mr. Galbraith was very feeble, and his strength soon failed him; but his son ig nored the faot, with a cleverness and tact beyond his years. Father and son, whose positions weoro reversed in life, might have appeared true fattiher and son, master and pupil, to an observer at that time; for Neal was thoughtful, and worked upon a theory of his own. They stood at the end of the street in the St. George's Road, arm-in- arm, looking first towards Westminster, and then in the direc tion of the Elephant and Oastle. In the full glare of the daylight, the bewildered expression of this old man was pitiable to witness. " I-I don't think I remember anything about-this place." " Ah ! you were an oast-ender, a thorough east-onder in your younger days-of course, you can't know much about Southwark," said Neal; "put you in the city, and I'll warrant you find your way blindfolded." "I'll warrant that too, Neal," with a chuckle of self- satisfaction. " What a beautiful day,-why, thero's as fine an air hero, father, as in old Sussex We shan't miss the cottage much-you will not, at least, for you're a man of the world, and a philosopher; and I, taking pattern from the father, will osettle down-O! in loss than no time." "That's right, Neal. You must keep strong, my lad. Old people can bear trouble with more patience-it's natural-but you young restless men cannot always." " Ah! but there's some one to look after me. When you see me drooping, or getting low- like, you will shake the horrors out of me with a strong hand. I have only you to loan upon-hold up, sir-steady ! " " I didn't see that drop in the road," said the old gentleman, apologetically; "they manage the pavements very badly Southwark way. I often think that the whole principle of paving streets is wrong, Neal; why shouldn't there be-" "Alh! why shouldn't there be," said Neal, hastily; "if every partsh had its-its sense about it--oh, sir ? But it hasn't; and it's no business of ours. I wouldn't trouble my brains about any plan to benefit so thick headed a community as parish folk. I- " " I know where we are ! " cried the father, suddenly, and with the delight of a child at the discovery ; " I've got it all very clearly now." "That's well." And the son looked as delighted as his father at this evidence of locality. " Why, this is St. George's Road, Surrey end, Neal," said the old gentleman, with great volubility; " and that's the cathedral, where there was a fuss about a steeple they were going to have, and didn't; and this is Bethlehem Hospital, where they would have shut your father up, if you hadn't held fast to him." " Well-and which is my way to the city? " He turned his father's back upon the hos pital ; but the old gentleman looked over his shoulder at it, with a scared expression. "And perhaps I might have got better in it--more quickly, Neal. It's a nice-looking place enough-I'm not afraid of it." "Afraid! I should think not; now you're as strong as ever, almost. Well, would you go down there as a short out ? " "God bless me, boy-no I That's Joiner. street, and only loads into the Westminster Bridge Road again. Look here, you have come wrong. Your nearest way from home would be the other way, down London Road and the borough-or, stay a moment, there's a cut off opposite to the blind school-I re member now; only I wouldn't take it in winter time, because they are a rough Irish lot about there, and quarrelsome, when the money's scarce. He ! he!" with a wild. little croak, " who isn't ? " "Not quarrelsome- you and I, at least.. We don't fight much! " " God bless you, boy !-you I " "Not but what I hope you'll thrash me: confoundedly, every time I talk like a gen tleman, or look like a fellow who wants to, kick over the traces!" "If you only had your old pony to ride, to office upon ! " "I'm past ponies-I should snap them ini half. And as for that skittish little beast I had once, why, it would have shied at the first omnibus, and pitched me into the river,. perhaps ! " "God bless me, yes! It's a very good job we have parted with it, Neal." "Ah! it just is!" Conversing thus, turning by an artful twist of the conversation regrets into ex pressions of satisfaction, Neal Galbraith led his father back to Fife-street. They re turned home in good spirits, and the father fancied that the world was brightening round him once again. Neal was young and strong; he had begun life in earnest, but his charge was no clog upon him, for he had over honoured his father. This father, so weak now, had been a good man, a man of genius, a man to respect as well as love; and Noal had been of an affectionate dispo sition, and a favourite. He had been spoiled a little; he had his weaknesses-he might have been less proud at times, and could have dispensed with a fair degree of irritability; he was not exactly the real Neal Galbraith then-only an impostor; but his heart was in the right place. Where it was, and what it was like, and how it stood wear and tear, we shall see for ourselves in due course, for Neal Galbraith was born unto trouble. (To bO contitned.) 