Legislative Council. TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1871. The Speaker took the chair at 4 p.m. NOTICES OF MOTION. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary-to move for leave to bring in a bill to repeal a certain ordinance for imposing duties on imported goods and for exemption of certain goods from duty and to make other provisions in lieu thereof. To move for leave towing in a bill at the next sitting day to appropriate the sum of £102,098 17s. 6d. out of the general revenue of the colony for the services of the year 1871. On the next sitting day of this Council I shall move for leave to bring in a bill for the regulation of coasting vessels and cargo and other boats entering the ports and harbors of this colony. Mr. McKail--I beg to give notice that I intend to move for leave to-morrow to bring in a bill at the next sitting to amend 28 Vic. No. 4. Mr. Steere-To ask the Colonial Secretary whether in consequence of the proposed manner of distributing the grant for Ecclesiastical purposes there is any intention on the part of the Government to interfere with the present status of the Colonial chaplain on the paid establishment of this colony. Most. Steere-To move at the next sitting of the Council that the report of the select committee on the bill to amend the representation of the people be adopted. On the third reading of the bill to repel the thirty fifth section of the police Ordinance 1861 that it be committed and that the twelfth clause of the said ordinance be amended as follows that the words between sunset and the hour of eight in the forenoon be struck cut and the said clause shall be read as if no such words had been inserted therein. Me. Bussell-To move for leave to-morrow to bring in a bill for the encouragement and protection of shepherds and others employed in the destruction of the native dog. PUBLICAN'S BILL. Mr. Shenton gave notice that he would introduce a bill to amend the 33rd Vic. No. 9. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said that he had promised to introduce at the next session of the council a bill to regulate the publican's and other licenses, therefore he did not see the necessity of repealing an ordinance then which would again be re- pealed in the course of a few months. Mr. SHENTON-The reason why he gave notice to amend the 33 Vic. No. 9 was because at present a gallon license can only be issued to persons living in towns. This operated prejudicially in the district which he represented, the Greenough, and it was - to place residents so situated on the same footing as those who were in towns. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary agreed with the hon. member that to settlers so circumstanced it was a hardship, but as the law would be altered in the course of a few months the hon. member could not effect much by moving in the matter. It was useless filling the Statute Book unnecessarily ; leave given to introduce the bill. THOMPSON'S ROAD STEAMER. Mr. Stocks said that if after inquiry it was found necessary to engage an engineer to come out with Thompson's Road Steamer he would agree to it. He now moved that if after inquiry it was found necessary to engage an engineer it should be done accordingly Mr. Gull hoped that when the engineer was engaged he would come out with the steamer and not arrive by the overland route as the engineer for the steam dredge did some months before the dredge itself. The Hon. the Col. Secretary The simple reason why the engineer for the Steam Dredge came out overland was because the vessel that brought out the dredge had no accommodation for him, therefore it was necessary to send him out overland. SCAB ORDINANCE. Mr. Logue moved for leave to bring in a bill to repeal the present scab ordinance and to introduce other provisions in lieu thereof. QUARANTINE OF SHEEP. Mr. Drummond moved that the section in the scab ordinance relative to quarantine be amended. The reason he brought this matter forward was to protect sheep owners. At the present time it was a great hardship to sheepowners that six months notice should be allowed and he moved that two be inserted in place thereof. Some sheepowner's let their sheep run 5 months and 3 weeks scabby to the great injury of their neighbour. If the time was reduced to two months they would pursue a different course. The opinions of the various Agricultural Societies as to the working of the Scab Ordinance were not by any means unanimous. He was of opinion that the ordinance had worked well, but it would be perfectly impossible to carry it out without Inspectors. If the House agreed to his motion he would be prepared to bring in a bill to amend that portion of the ordinance to which he referred. Mr. Logue said that that was not the time for discussion. He had no objection to offer to the motion of the hon. member for Toodyay. He was still of opinion that the Agricultural Societies were almost in accordance with him on the motion he had made. Mit. Steere quite agreed with the Hon. the Colonial Secretary that it was not wise encumbering the Statute Book with useless ordinance, though he considered the motion of the hon. member for Toodyay a very good one. Mr. Drummond There was no feeling among the large sheepowners to repeal the present Ordinance. It might suit the small flockowners or those who were too lazy to look after their sheep to repeal it. Mr. Logue-When he introduced his bill the hon. member for Toodyay would not object to it. The Hon. the Attorney-General When the House went into committee on the bill the hon. member for Toodyay could move an amendment The Hon., the Colonial Secretary up pretended that the hon. member for Toodyay merely wanted a stringent quarantine clause inserted in the Ordinance. If it is intended to bring in a bill this session the hon. member for Toodyay would not press his motion. Mr. Drummond-The Colonial Secretary had explained his views exactly. MR. Drummond asked for leave to bring in a bill to amend the Scab Ordinance. 33 VICTORIA, NO. 9. Mr. Shenton introduced a bill to amend the 33rd Vic. No. 9. Bill to be read a second time on Friday, 13th. POLICEMAN KENNEDY. MR. Logue had given notice that he intended asking the Hon. the Colonial Secre- tain questions respecting the man Kennedy. He did nor j know whether he was entitled to receive any answer from the hon. the Colonial Secretary. He understood that Kennedy had been discharged from the Police Force twice. He had been charged with manslaughter, for which he was tried and got six months imprisonment, and it was the general impression that if he got six years it would not have been too much for him. Kennedy was tried on the 12th October last and sentenced. He (Mr. Logue) now understood that Kennedy was a policeman on the force doing duty in the towns. He thought that that was rather a curious way of undergoing punishment. Kennedy had been convicted of great brutality and was the cause of the man Bryant's death. Kennedy in his opinion was a man that ought not to be allowed on the police force. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary.-The hon. member for Geraldton had prejudged the case before he heard it. A distinct reply to the questions put by the hon. member would be in the first place, that the Governor in the exercise of the Royal preroga- tive with the concurrence of the Chief Justice remitted the sentence. He was not aware, secondly, that Kennedy had been dismissed from the police more than once. Thirdly, Kennedy was not tried for manslaughter, but for an aggravated assault, and that the jury found him guilty of a common assault. The hon. gentlemen then informed the House that since the trial it had transpired that Kennedy was not the only one to blame. Kennedy was a good officer while in Perth as a policeman. He was now temporarily employed on the force, and a strict supervision would be kept over him. ROAD BOARDS BILL. The House went into committee on the bill to establish local boards. A long and interesting discussion took place on this bill; the point contended for by the hon, the Colonial Secretary being that Ideal Committees should not have the power of putting fences across or declaring what were main lines and what were minor lines without the sanction of the Government, Mr. Steere contending that if the bill meant local self-government the committee should have that power. WILD CATTLE BILL. Mr. Phillips moved that the amendment to the wild cattle bill be printed. The House then adjourned until 8.15 p.m. The Speaker took the chair at 8.15 p.m. The House resumed the consideration of the Bill to establish Local Boards and also the report concerning the amendment to the bill as suggested by the committee. The discussions occupied the House over two hours during which the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, the Hon. the Attorney-General and the Surveyor General contended for the principle involved in the bill that the Government should have the power to declare what were " main and what were minor lines of road," Messrs. Steere and Brown maintaining that such power should be vested in the local committees. The discussion was interesting but the opposition failed in securing the concurrence of the House. The bill was recommitted. WILD CATTLE BILL. The House went into committee on the Wild Cattle Bill. The Hon. the Attorney General took the opportunity of rebutting the charge made against him that he had not drafted the bill in accordance with the report. The discussion that ensued clearly shewed that the hon. gentlemen had done so faithfully and that the objections of one or two hon. members that he (the Attorney General) had not done so, were satisfactorily proven to be nihil ad rem. The House then adjourned at half-past ten p.m. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1871. The Speaker took the chair' at 4 pm. Absent Messrs. Moore, Fraser and Phillips. TARIFF ORDINANCE. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary moved for leave to bring in a Bill to repeal certain Ordinances for imposing Duties on imported goods, and for the exemption of certain goods from duties; and to make other provisions in lieu thereof." The Hon. the Colonial Secretary moved for leave to bring in "a Bill to appropriate the sum of £102,998 17s. 6d., out of the General Revenue of the Colony for the service of the year 1871. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said that as it was desirable that those Bills should come into force at once, he moved that the standing Rules of the House be suspended so as to pass them at once. Mr. Steere, would not offer any opposition to the Hon. the Colonial Secretary's motion, on the understanding that no advantage would be taken by the Goverment. As they were aware when the opposition Act was passed they were supreme. He did not think the Goverment would take any advantage but on that understanding he would vote for it. The Hon. the Colonial secretary There is not the slightest intention on the part of the Government to take advantage now or henceforth. The Government would act for the best advantage of the colony. The House thus went in to Committee on the Bills which were passed. During the reading of the Appropriation Act. Mr. Steere asked the Hon. the Colonial Secretary whether it was the intention of the Government to interfere with the status of the Colonial Chaplains by the present division of the Ecclesiastical Grant. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said that the Ecclesiastical Grant had been placed under the Head exclusive of Establishments on the understanding that faith should be kept with existing office holders of whatever denomination. He would be the last man to come forward with any such measure. Mr. Steere received the reply from the Colonial Secretary which he expected. There was however an impression abroad and among the Chaplains that there was some intention on the part of the Government to do so and therefore they ought to have something on the records of the Council about the matter. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary He had no desire that that should not be done, and entered on the Minutes so that there could be no mistake on the point. Mr. Steere-The clergy are under the apprehension it might be done. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary They have not consulted the heads of the Church. MR. Steere-He begged pardon they had consulted the head of the Church, and he was under the same apprehension the Chaplains were. He might state that officially. VESSELS AND BOATS. The Hons, the Colonial Secretary introduced " A Bill to regulate vessels and Boats coming into Harbours in this colony." The second reading of the Bill was fixed for Thursday. REPRESENTATION OF THE PEOPLE. Mr. Steere-The next motion on the order of the day stood in his name. It was to recommend that the Report of the select Committee on the Bill to amend the Representation of the People and to abolish the properly qualification of Members " be adopted." He agreed with certain parts of the Bill that had been brought forward by the Government, on this subject. Under the old Act conditional pardon men according to the wording thereof, could not vote, and he entirely agreed with the Bill before them giving that class that right. He could not, however, agree at all that there had been any public opinion expressed as to I abolishing the property qualification of Members. The elected Members of the House represented public opinion, but the Hon. the Colonial Secretary did not represent public opinion. There has been no ex- pression of public opinion outside or by Members of the House that property qualification should be entirely abolished. There was however a feeling that the amount should be reduced, and he himself thought itoughtto.be reduced, and the Committee had agreed to reduce the amount one half of what it was before. If the original was passed it would enable almost any man to come and take a seat in the Council, and he thought that any man who came to that House should be a person of some property. He therefore hoped the Council would oppose the abolition of the property qualification. The second recommendation of the committee that no person convicted of treason, or felony, could be a Member of the House-was one which was adopted in all the Australian Colonies and it was a provision that ought to be adopted here. The next recommendation was one which he feared would not meet with the approval of the Members on the ministerial bench. The Committee however, considered that the independence of the Council would be endangered, were officers holding appointments under the Government permitted to be elected as Members of that Council, and they therefore recommend '' that no person holding any office of emolument under the Crown shall be capable of being elected a Member, or of sitting and voting in the Legislative Council as an elected Member." That was a provision which was adopted not only in all the Australian colonies, but in all countries having representative Councils. It was also against the laws of the land that such persons, should become elected members, and he would give them proof. The hon. gentleman then read an extract from a statute passed in the reign of Queen Anne, in support of his assertion. The law was most stringent in England and no person can accept office under the Government and be a member of the House of Commons unless re-elected. That was a provision as he had already said which was adopted by all countries possessing Representative Institu- tions, and he would now refer to the Act passed in the last Session ; now according to that Act the Government has power to ap- point six persons to that Council three of whom should be holding office under the Crown, and that proviso was made so as not to give a preponderance to the Government in the Council. TWy «-;?>?--*. was amber that that Act was not framed in the Colony but by Her Majesty's Ministers; and there was no doubt that they knew what they were doing. They did not wish to give the Government a preponderance in the Council as they would have if any Government officers were allowed so take a seat in the Council as elected Members at its next Session. If that should be the case then that House would not be independent, at all events, not as independent as it ought to be. They have no doubt noticed the difficulties that have been thrown in their way and the obstacles which have been put forward by the Government in the elected Members bringing forward measures in that House, but he would ask what would be the result if persons held seats in that House and being subject to the government, as they would be ? What would be the result ? There could be but one opinion, that rather than such a conjunction should occur it would be better that they lived under the old despotic form of Government. The Hon. the COL. SECRETARY coin batted the arguments of Mr. Steere, denied that any obstruction had been thrown in the way of elected members that the Government members had done their duty as conscientiously as any of the elected mem- bers that the independence of the Council would not be endangered by Government officers being elected members, and urged that if precedents of the other colonies were urged they should be wholly adopted, and expressed his opinion that if the bill was passed as proposed, particularly with regard to a certain class, it would not meet with the concurrence of the Secretary of State. MR. STEERE briefly replied to the arguments of the Hon. the Colonial Secretary and contended that his (the Colonial Secretary's arguments were fallacious. MR. DRUMMOND supported the views of Mr. Steere in introducing the report. The Hon. the ATTORNEY GENERAL supported the position taken up by the Hon. the Colonial Secretary. MR. NEWMAN supported in a long speech the remarks of Mr. Steere. MR. GULL followed on the same side. The report was then put and adopted. OYSTER FISHERIES. MR. McKAIL introduced a bill in reference thereto ; bill to be read a second time on Friday next. PROTECTION OF SHEPHERDS. Mr Russell introduced a bill for the protection of shepherds and others engaged in the destruction of native dogs j bill to be read a second time on Monday next. SCAB ORDINANCE. Mr. Drummond introduced a bill for the amendment of the Scab Ordinance of 1861 ; bill to be read a third time to-morrow. PUBLIC WORKS. MR STEERE introduced a a bill to authorise the raising of money for certain public purposes." A long discussion ensued on this bill but nothing new was elicited. The necessity of a loan was affirmed, and the capability of the colony to pay both principal and interest. fully demonstrated. The House adjourned at 630 p.m. The Speaker took the chair at 8 p.m. Absent-Mr. Moore. The consideration of the Public Works Bill was resumed. The Bill passed its second reading. Third reading fixed for Friday next. TIMBER COMPANY MESSRS. MASON, BIRD AND CO. On the motion of Mr. Newman the proposal of Messrs. Mp son, Bird and Co. to form a railway in the timber country on certain concessions of land being made was taken into consideration. A long and interesting discussion ensued between, the Council on the whole considering the proposals of the Company fair and reasonable and deserving the attention and concurrence of the Government. The propositions were referred to a select committee consisting of Messrs. Monger, Gull, Newman, Leake, Steere, Logue and Brown REPRESENTATION OF THE PEOPLE. The House went into committee on the bill. The clauses as proposed by the select committee were adopted after considerable opposition by the Colonial Secretary and the Attorney-General The hon. the Colonial Secretary being defeated on the measure, by a skilful piece of finesse, placed the opposition on the horns of a dilemma. He the Colonial Secretary introduced a clause, in vogue in the other colonies, to the effect that no person having a contract or who had an interest directly or indirectly therein could hold seats in the Legislative Council, and objected to any member personally interested in the question before the House voting, and quoted May as as an authority. The House divided ; the result was 13 notes, and 3 ayes. Mr. Steere moved that the Bill be read a third time on Friday next. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4TH. 1871. The Speaker took the chair at 8 p.m. The discussion on the Local Road Boards Report was resumed. The Surveyor General supported the views of the Hon. the Colonial Secretary. Mr. Drummond objected to any member of a Road Board Committee having a contract. Mr. Newman concurred in the views expressed by Mr. Drummond. Mr. Shenton said if members of the committee were not allowed to take contracts, the best men would be prevented from tendering. Mr. Leake drew the attention of members to the fact that they were not in committee of the whole House, and members who had spoken once must be satisfied. Mr. Phillips was in favor of members of the committee being allowed to take contracts. Mr. Marmion considered the difficulty might be got over respecting contracts taken by members of the committee without their resigning ; thus, when a member of the committee tendered for any work, he should not be present when his tender was being considered, nor should he take any part in approving work that had been done in pursuance of his tender. Mr. Logue said that such a plan as that suggested by Mr. Marmion was adopted in his district, and it was found to work well. Mr. Monger-Supposing all the members of the committee tendered, how was the business of the committee to be carried out? "* PUBLIC WORKS. Mr. Steere had promised to introduce that evening a Bill relative to public works, but as all the legal gentlemen were engaged in the Supreme Court, he could not get it drafted. He would bring it forward at the earliest possible opportunity. THE ESTIMATES. Medical Establishments £2,08 5s. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary did not intend going over the old battle-ground of the forage, as he saw hon. members had laid it down as a principle that ¿£'50 should be the amount for forage. he considered they were exceedingly wrong, and liu totally and entirely objected to it, and only on the understanding that that principle had been adopted he altered the amount of forage to the Colonial Surgeon to £50, instead of £66 18s. 4d. \- Mr. Newman inquired who was the Health Officer. The Hon, the Colonial Secretary Dr. Dickey. Mr. Newman-"What are the duties The Hon. the Colonial Secretary They are defined by the Acts of Council. Mr. Newman-In these Estimates the great fault he had to find was that they were not explicit enough. A stranger taking them up would see two items, but would not learn that one person drew both. It should be clearly stated in every case. In the present instance the Assistant Colonial Surgeon receives £200, and the Health Officer £75, but both offices were filled by one man. He was almost inclined to propose that the item 275 be struck out. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary concurred in principle with what had fallen from the hon. member from Fremantle, but in this colony it could not be adopted. The Magistrates in the colony held two offices-one was Custom House Officer and the other Judicial-and until the colony could afford to pay two men, things would have to remain as they are. He considered it most desirable to encourage medical men, but the colony did not offer any inducement to them. He did not consider £2 7.5 any large sum for the amount of work done by Dr. Dickey. In fact, there was often a great saving to the colony by amalgamating the departments, and this was the case in the medical in- Fremantle. The Fremantle Lunatic Asylum secured the services of two medical men for 137 10s. per annum. Mr. Newman made a similar objection to the items for the Surgeon and Health Officer at Albany. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary One reason why it was not done was that the Surgeons in Bunbury, Vasse, we, who now did the duties, would consider they were entitled to a similar amount of pay for performing them. Mr. Newman That is the very reason that he moved that it should be shewn what a man was receiving, and the duties he was discharging. Mr. Steere inquired who was the Surgeon in the Northam District. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said there was none. They could not get one for the money. Police-¿12.732. Gaols £180. Rottnest 832 10s. Government Printer 1972. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said that she found that the amount on the Estimates for this department was too low. He considered that this would become one of the most efficient departments under the Government. Considering the great increase in printing, caused by the proceedings of the Council, it was found necessary to increase the quantity of type, and he would add on that account £120 to the Estimates. Some of the type now in use had been worked for 14 or 15 years. The amount for this department would then be £973, instead of 1882. That is all that would be required at present, but in the course of some time an increase in salaries would be expected. " - Poor House £337. Inspectors of Sheep £1,200. EDUCATION. The Hon the Colonial Secretary said that this last item was one which he presumed would give rise to discussion; at present he intended to add nothing in moving the sum of £5,007 18s. 4d. for education, further than that the salary of the Secretary of the Board of Education would be fixed at £200 instead of £9300, and the horse allowance for the Inspector of Schools be reduced from £66 18s. 4d. to 750\. He would be prepared to offer any explanations that may be required, and to answer any objections that might be raised. After some conversation, it was agreed to first take the item. GRANT TO ROMAN CATHOLIC SCHOOLS IN PERTH AND FRE- MANTLE- £500. Mr. Newman objected to the proposed grant entirely. He did not ask who it was for. It was given, he would say, to A, B, and C. He would only call the attention of the House to the speech of the Hon. the Colonial Secretary some weeks since, in the course of which he pointed out the state of public feeling on this matter, and referred to an observation of a friend of his, who said he could not see what all the discussion was about, and that all the religion he thought necessary was to " love the Lord thy God with thy whole heart, thy whole soul, and thy whole mind, and thy neighbor as thyself," and in those sentiments the Hon. the Colonial Secretary expressed his entire concurrence. He was, therefore, astonished at the hon. gentleman's proceedings, and certainly could not in any way reconcile his conduct in coming to that House after that declara- tion and asserting that the grant now before them was advisable, and that A, B, and C should receive the sum of £500 ! neither could he reconcile that proposal with the conduct and tone of the hon. gentleman, when the hon. member for Perth presented a Petition from the same body to the late Legislative a Council. He thought he (the Colonial Secretary) would have done and acted differently, and would not have proposed the scheme then before them. The hon, the Colonial Secretary was evidently trying to please everybody. The hon. the Colonial Secretary had framed the Estimates to please everybody. The Colonial Secretary was not the first gentleman who tried to please everybody, and, as a consequence, the result was disappointment. The proposal now before the House was to establish Denominational Education, call it by what name you like. Denominational Education, he might say, was against the feelings of the whole world. He would like to see the colony take a step forwards, not one backwards. But the Denominational Grant was beginning at the wrong end by commencing at the small end and going upwards. However, this agitation, this dissatisfaction, come from what quarter it may-from Christians, Jews, or Gentiles has one common origin. It is a desire to gain power, position, and influence, on the one hand, and money on the other. Those who get up and keep up the agitation, when they assert they cannot do a certain thing, mean they will ngv do it. That is their position, and it is not the manners of Englishmen, at all events. It is not a question of what doctrine shall be taught, but it is one made up of money. Only grant a certain sum, say £1,000 or £100, thereby that gives them power, and prestige, and < influence to get more. The whole question is made up of money, and the cloven foot is visible, come from what quarter it may. It has been said " don't let us have this agitation, this discussion of religious matters ;" that simply meant-" stand and deliver !" It is a solecism-only grant a certain amount and it will be the opportunity of demanding more. The mere force of numbers ought not to have any influence in this matter; numbers have gone into the field of battle, and numbers have won victories, but it cannot be contended that those were right or just battles. The force of numbers on many occasions ought not to win. It was so here. The hon, the Colonial Secretary had calculated the grant as 4 is to 6, so is a certain amount to some other amount. That, he denied was not the principle that should guide them in distributing grants of public money. He would oppose the grant, come from whatever denomination it might. He was, it was true, a member of the Church of England, and he was so because he considered it was the most liberal church, but he would secede from it to-morrow if he found in it doctrine. of sectarianism. He was, however, a lukewarm partizan of any denomination, and he considered all that was required to learn was to love God, and your neighbor as yourself," and as to teaching specific doctrines to children whose minds were like so many blank sheets of paper, he had solid objections to anything of the kind. When denomina- tions ask for money for the purpose, they ask for power and influence. It was the ceeds of the religious difficulty. It was go from the day of Peter the Hermit until our own day. He would object to any. grant of this description. Mr. McKail-The Hon. the Attorney-General had, on a former occasion, thrown out some hints on this question, which he would avail himself of. He was in favor of secular education, but if some of our fellow colonists objected to the present system and required a separate grant to support them, ' they ought to guarantee no Protestant child was taught in them. Denominational Education tended to foster the bitter jealousies of the old country. He maintained that every man's religion was between himself and his God. He thought the only fair system of education would be a national system. He would not support the present grant, because it was for a Denominational School. Mr. Russell was not in favor of the grant. The children of the Roman Catholics could receive a plain, simple education in the Government Schools as well as the children of other denominations. The Scripture Lessons had been fi anted specially to suit the objection of the Roman Catholics. It had been said that no demand would be made after this Governor's reign. That was a sop. If they once got what they demanded they would be as greedy as ever. In the colonial schools in Bunbury and Guildford the Catholic children had taken the first prizes. This was almost an Irish question, and the Irish were dogmatical and uncom- promising. He could form an opinion of the present state of feeling in Europe, when the young Duke of Genoa had been sent to Oxford to learn the Latin and Greek, and reform his manners-in that school of roan areas. The Bible was taught in the school, but it was not brought into the school bound in calf, but in the Scripture Lesson form. He thought some prayer might be agreed upon before beginning school and on closing it. He would suggest the Lord's Prayer, and some portion of St. Paul, which is used in their Church. They were prayers to which even a Mussulman would not object Holding these sentiments he could not favor the present scheme. -9" "4 Mr. Newman omitted to give one strong reason against the Hon. the Colonial Secretary's scheme. It was this, that he would defy the hon. gentleman to shew that any public body, when once they got what they asked for, were ever satisfied, and" he would give the hon. gentleman a long range; from giving a "lollipop" throughout all history, and he (the Colonial Secretary) would fail to adduce a single instance. The Hon. the Attorney-General was of opinion that secular education was all that was required for the colony. But as grants were given to the various denominations, to the Church of England, Wesley ans,--" Voices-No ! No The Hon. the Attorney-General Well, he was in error, but still he maintained a system of secular education was the best. The hon. gentleman then referred to the divisions in the Christian world as a scandal 1. He contended that all these differences were brought about by nice points of doctrines. He referred to the separation between the Western and Eastern Churches- as an example. The Nicene creed, and the doctrine of the JPilioque, caused that separation. It was a point to which the human intellect could not reach. It was not in the Apostles' creed, nor could any one understand the procession of the Father and Son from the Holy Ghost. It was a subject beyond the' human » grasp. Yet it was adopted by the Western Church, by the Pope of home, and caused the separation between the Western and the Eastern Churches. All such doctrines owed their origin in the sublimity of the human mind.' How could such doctrines as incul? called in schools ? Again, take the Sacra- ment. How could they tell that transmutation took place ; it was beyond the human mind to understand, yet they took the Sacrament as a commemoration of the last Supper. He might be thought speaking against the tenets of the church to which he belonged, yet "he must say these nice points of doctrine were the stumbling block in the way of religion. The hon. gentleman then referred to the Philosophers and the Athenians of whom St. Paul spoke and declared his belief in a secular system of education, but as they endowed one sect in this colony, endow another. The Church of England was endowed (No ! No ! No !) The Hon. the Attorney-General What are the schools, then ? Voices-Undenominational. The Hon. the Attorney-General There is some doctrine taught What is it Mr. Shenton.-History. Mr. Bussell.-Such portions of the Bible as are agreed to. The Hon. the Surveyor General considered it would be an act of' injustice to agree to any such item as was now before the Council. Mr. Steere looked upon the proposal as nothing more nor less than Denominational Education, and he was much surprised the Government had brought forward a proposal to give £500 for that purpose. He would like to see the matter settled then, rather than leave it as a bone of contention, and had a different plan been brought forward, he was confident members would have given it their support. He believed the Roman Catholics had ground of complaint, and they gave the best possible proof of their sincerity in their refusing to send their children to the Government Schools, and in putting their hands in their pockets and supporting their own schools. When he first came to the Council he mentioned a scheme of education he would support. It was: Say where 30 children could be assembled, that school should be entitled to Government support that the school should be under the control of the local boards that there should be a time-table conscience clause; that the books should be approved by the General Board of Education that such schools should not be held in churches or chapels that the salary of the teacher should be paid thus one-third by the Board, one-third by results, and one-third from attendance. If this plan were adopted, it would prove a great saving to the colony. He would vote against the present grant, because it was purely Denominational Education. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary came quite prepared to hear considerable discussion on the proposed grant of £500 for the support of the Roman Catholic Schools in Perth and Fremantle, and he was also quite prepared to hear that his conduct in the matter would be considered inconsistent, but he did not think his conduct, or that of the Government, was inconsistent in any way. He still was of opinion that the Roman Catholics generally had no more ground of complaint than any other denomination. That was an opinion to which he still adhered, yet he would allow that the Roman Catholics had a certain ground of complaint as regards their Perth and Fremantle Schools, and he thought something might be done. It was the duty of the Government to follow public opinion, and it was clear that no change in the present system was desired, yet it was conceived and admitted that something was due to the Roman Catholics. The hon. gentleman then reviewed at considerable length the arguments of the hon. member for Fremantle, and also the observations of the hon. member for Wellington. The hon. gentleman did not concur in the plan of the hon. member for Wellington, and was of opinion that the present system of education was best suited to the peculiar circumstances of the colony and he fully believed, viewing the various opinions of the House, that any other scheme of education would not meet with the concurrence of the House. The hon. gentleman repudiated the charge of inconsistency, and defended the present grant on the grounds of peace and good order, justice and economy. Mr. Drummond concurred with the motion of the Hon. the Colonial Secretary. He would be in favor of a scheme suggested by the hon. member for Wellington, but still he considered the present a just grant. In Perth and Fremantle there were some 700 children being educated, and if they were sent over to the Government they would cost the colony much more than the £500 it was now proposed to allow. He would support the grant as a temporary measure as long as His Excellency the Governor was in the colony. He would therefore support the measure now before the House. Mr. McKail asked how many Protestant children were attending these schools. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said the number of children was 673, 75 of whom were Protestants. Mr. Marmion, in using to support the motion of the hon, the Colonial Secretary that the sum of £500 be placed on the Estimates for the purpose of enabling the Roman Catholics of the towns of Perth and Fremantle to educate the children in the manner they deemed most essential, felt that he had an arduous task to discharge, and if the honorable members who belong to the Church of England, and had spoken against the grant, feared that their remarks might be looked upon as bigoted and sectarian, how much more reason had he to fear that his observations might be viewed in a similar light? Standing there alone, as he did, the only member of that communion for which the grant was sought, and though he had little hope it would pass that House, yet his voice in its support might perhaps be heard longer and stronger, perhaps when the opposition of the hon. members shall have been forgotten. The hon. member for Fremantle, he was sorry to say, had that evening shewn his sectarianism-, and felt himself called upon to cast a slur upon a portion of his fellow-colonists [Mr. Newman-No, no 23 during the remarks he made that evening. In the first place the hon. gentleman spoke of them as A, J, and C. Mr. Newman I beg pardon ; I must rise to explain. I used the term A, L, and 6 to prevent the chance of any such imputation. Mr. Marmion was fully prepared to answer the hon, gentleman, and he must consider that as he sat patiently and heard what he (Mr. Newman) had to say, he must request that though he felt pained, he would quietly listen to what he had to say. The hon. gentleman (Mr. Newman) accused the Hon. the Col. Secretary with inconsistency, because he on one occasion opposed the petition of the Roman Catholics for Government aid, and now supports the measure before the House. But the honorable gentleman must remember that in larger Assemblies, that statesmen who have directed the destinies of greater nations and more important communities than those of West Australia, have on many occasions seen reason to change their opinion; hence that objection would not hold good for one moment. The hon. gentleman (Mr. Newman) said that the only object the sects had in view was to gain money, but he would prove, as regards the Roman Catholics, such was not the case, and the best proof of their earnestness and sincerity was to be found in the fact that for the past 15 years they have maintained schools at their own expense. The hon. member for Fremantle said that all he considered necessary to be taught was " to love God with your whole heart, and your neighbor as yourself." That was doctrine which all Christians were desirous of inculcating, but each had its own way of doing so. They all had different views as to how that should be taught, and because the _ Roman Catholics could not agree with the State system of inculcating those principles, they were yearly saddled with a heavy expenditure in the mVm tenance of their own schools, and the measure before the House to-night was in some slight degree to relieve them of that burden. He recollected, however, that the hon. member for Fremantle had said-" I am not a warm par tizan of any religous denomination " ; therefore he should not be surprised that the hon. gentleman was opposed to all religious teaching. The hon. member for Albany said other denominations would have the same claim. He asked would they have the same claim ? He answered no their numbers are not sufficient. The amount that would or could be set apart for them would be useless in maintaining a school in any part of the colony, much less to support schools throughout the whole colony. The hon. member for Fremantle had said that numbers were not of importance in this matter, but he differed with the hon. gentleman ; numbers had much to do with it, and it was to numbers he (Mr. Newman) owed his presence in the House that night. (Hear, hear, from Mr. Newman.) He was not vain enough to suppose that his position would have been altered, but he could inform the House that when he offered himself as a representative of the people, he ascertained from a number of those who had promised their support to the hon. gentleman, that did they understand the matter of education correctly, and did they believe that the Roman Catholic claim could have been met without injury to the present system, they would only have voted for those who would support a plan similar to that now before the House. The hon. member for the Vasse said that the version of the Bible had been altered to meet the Catholic views. Mr. Russell No the same Bible is used. Mr. Marmion-Oh ! it is the nine Bible; I understood you to say the version was altered to suit the Catholics. Mr. Bussell-No, no. Mr. Marmion-The hon. member for Albany referred to the examination of persons receiving academical instruction. Mr. McKail-I never mentioned it. Mr. Russell- referred to the schools in this colony Vasse and Guildford-not to the mother country. Mr. Marmion could not agree with many of the remarks that had fallen from the Hon. the Attorney-General. The schools here were not State-schools, and though they were maintained by funds drawn from the public purse, he yet contended they were not State-schools, but Protestant schools. There were two bodies here recognized as Protestants Church of Jung land, Wesleyans, Independents, and other Dissenters and Roman Catholics. Were the schools Roman Catholic? Certainly not. It followed as a logical sequence they were Protestant. [Mr. Bussell-Your logic's bad.] The whole community were taxed to maintain these schools, and many parents who could well afford to pay for the education of their children, avail themselves of them. For such persons these schools were never intended. They were established for the purpose of educating the poor man's child, who otherwise would be without instruction. For a large number of children who attend the school, their parents could well afford to pay for their instruction. He was astonished at what had fallen from the hon. member for Wellington respecting Mr. Forster's Bill, which was purely denominational. The Roman Catholics would be glad indeed to see Forster's Bill introduced here, and if it were, they would ignore the grant. As it was, the grant was given to prevent agitation, and though it had been said the Roman Catholics would not be satisfied, yet he would say they would be satisfied, and he did not think there would be a shadow of a chance of its being increased during the next 7 or 8 years. He could hardly agree with the Hon. the Colonial Secretary that the Roman Catholics had no greater ground of complaint than any other denomination. The Government Schools were very well as far as they went, but they did not go far enough. With regard to the remark of the Hon. the Attorney-General, that religion could best be taught a child at its mother's knee, he would not doubt it, and the world would be happy indeed did it possess such mothers. He considered religion should be the basis of education, as it was by religion they would become a credit to the colony, and be brought up as they should be from youth to a ripe state of manhood. The salaries of teachers, purchase of books, school requisites, and buildings, which the Roman Catholics had now to pay for, was a strong argument why the grant should be given. But were he to speak until his voice would re-echo from the walls, it would produce no good. He defended the grant, however, because it was pure and simple justice, and because it would in some measure relieve the Roman Catholics from a heavy yoke they had now to bear. Mr. Newman said one strong rc: son was given why they should give the grant, and that was that it would stop agitation, but he did not believe it would. Only satisfy Charybdis and you would strike a Scylla. As to Mr. Foster's Bill he heard it was a complete failure. Mr. Steere was much surprised with the Hon. Mr. Newman's remarks about Foster's Bill. Now, everything he read about it, showed that it was an admirable measure, and tended in a directly opposite way to that indicated by Mr. Newman. If Foster's Hill was purely denominational, he would like to know why the, Roman Catholics in England protested against it. The Hon. the Colonial Secketauy.-It was quite clear from what had fallen from hon. members, that the course pursued by the Government in not bringing in a Bill was the correct one. No Bill on Education in the present state of feeling would have been passed by the House. The feeling of the colony was in favor of the present system, and that something was due to the Roman Catholics. Mr. McKail again expressed himself in favor of secular education. Mr. Shejsxon was in favor of the plan suggested by Mr. Steere, and would support such a measure if brought forward. Mr. Brown delayed giving his opinion on the question before the House until he had heard from hon. members their views on the question. He looked upon the matter of edu- cation-as an important and sacred one, and he was there to support that system of education which he deemed the best, and he thought, from what he had heard, that the proposal of the Government to grant the Roman Catholic body the sum of £500 would be the best method of settling the difficulty. He would say that he did not come forward to support any measure that he did not think deserving the consideration of the House, nor did he come forward at any time to support any measure that had been introduced by the Government. He thought it was due to himself, to the colony, and to His Excellency the Governor, who placed him there, to make that statement. The Governor did not know his opinions, nor did the Government, and he was there to give his vote on any question fairly and conscientiously. He was in favor of Denominational Education, and he would have supported such a scheme as that suggested by the hon. member for Wellington, had he brought it forward. He considered that such a system of education would be the best and fairest to all (taxpayers. The Roman Catholics had to support their own schools for the last 15 years, in addition to paying their share towards the Government schools, which he considered "very unfair. The hon. gentleman then at considerable length pointed out how such a system could be made to work in the colony, and concluded by declaring his intention to vote for the grant to the Roman Catholic body. The question was then put to the vote Ayes, 6. Noes, 11. Bailee, - - Fraser, Walcott, Phillips, Drummond, The Speaker, * Marmion, Newman, Logue, Moore, Brown. Monger, Gull, Bussell, McKail, Shenton, Steere. Mr. Shenton moved that the sum of £150, salary of first teacher Boys' School, be struck out, as it was not necessary under the new arrangement. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary would vote that the sum stand. Another master was coming from England. The Inspector of Schools would have a considerable amount of work to perform, and as soon as the master arrived he would be relieved of that duty. Mr Newman would vote in favor of the Hon. the Colonial Secretary for once. Mr. Shenton withdrew his motion. Mr. Brown considered the salary of the Inspector of Schools excessive. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said the hon. gentleman did not know what the duties of the Inspector were. He would explain them. The item passed. Total Education £4,581, instead of £5,097 18s. 4d. The "Hon the Colonial Secretary said that as they had now completed the whole of the Establishments, and though it was late, he would make a few remarks thereon, more particularly to shew that the impression abroad that the increase in expenditure during the past ten years was in Establishments alone, and that the Government were only intent upon giving salaries to their friends, was incorrect. Now, in 1861 the amount for Establishments was £36,335; in 1871, £48,447 4s. 2d.; or an increase of 40 per cent. The amount expended exclusive of Establishments, in 1861, £23,512; in 1877, £53,012; or an increase of 130 per cent. The total increase in Establishments from 1861 to 1871, was £16, 700, and this sum was not for increasing the salaries of Government Officers, but for services which the increased prosperity of the colony demanded. These are the items which caused the increase Government Geologist, £1000; Post Office, £1,300; Harbor Master's Department, £1000; Afv.Uii.ii sscauusnmeuii, j3Qon.~v..u^Hr>a T¡vt-«ii_ lishment, £1000 ; Scab Inspector, £150 ; Education, £3000; Legislative Council, £250; -total £9,450. It would therefore be seen that of the increased sum for Establishments, £9,450, was for new services, and two Depart- ments alone, during 1861 and 1871, for new expenses, increased £8000, viz., the Police and Survey Departments, These expenses were necessary, consequent, as he had said, upon the increased prosperity of the colony; it would be seen further that while the Establishments increased only £17,000, the expenditure exclusive of Establishments had nearly increased to £60,000. The House then adjourned 11 p.m. THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1871. The Speaker took the chair at 4 p.m. All the members present, except the Hon. the Attorney-General NOTICES OF MOTION. By Mr. Steere-To move that leave be given to introduce a Bill to raise a Loan for the construction of public works. By Mr. G. Shenton-To give notice that on some day next week I shall bring forward certain measures for the amelioration of the condition of the Natives of the colony. Mr. Speaker- inquired of the Hon. the Colonial Secretary if the sum of £20 for the messenger to the House and £1000 for Thom- son's Road -Engine were to be placed on the Estimates. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said he had heard noth ing about it. He understood that an address to the Governor on the subject was to be adopted. After some conversation on the matter, that course was adopted. THOMPSON'S ROAD STEAMER. Mr, Steere said that as it had been stated that £1000 would not be enough to cover the cost of introducing one of these eight-horse power Engines, he had calculated the first cost, commissions, &c.;, and found that the total would amount to £802, which would leave £198 to cover all contingencies. Mr. Drummond said he had a letter from Mr. Thompson though Mr. Farmaner, who stated that he would allow 25 per cent discount on the purchase of one of the steamers. TIMBER COMPANY. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary placed upon the table certain correspondence from Messrs. M Mason, Bird, and Co., requesting certain concessions of public lands on their carrying out conditions named therein. The Clerk read the correspondence. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary placed the correspondence on the table for the purpose of ascertaining the opinion of the Council. He believed it was the unanimous opinion of that Council that Mr. Mason was entitled to all the concessions the Council could grant. Mr. Gull would request that the correspondence be printed. He quite agreed with the Hon. the (Colonial Secretary that liberal concessions were due to Mr. Mason, who had carried on the Timber Trade for years on his own account. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary seconded the motion of the hon. member, and said the subject could be brought forward again on Tuesday. STEAMER ON OUR COAST. Mr. McKail inquired whether the proposi- tion he had made on the part of the Australasian Steam Navigation Company, had been taken into consideration. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary. The hon. member will recollect that when he (the Colonial Secretary) read the scheme of Public Works, he mentioned that there was a probability of having steamers on our coast, but that a reply from the Company, which was represented by the hon. member, was expected in the course of a few days that reply was received, and placed upon the table of the House. No motion had been made that the letter of the Company be taken into consideration. Mr. McKail was not aware that any correspondence had taken place between the Hon. the Colonial Secretary and the Company. The proposition he made emanated from himself on J. their behalf. I l THE FRANCHISE AND QUALIFICATION OF MEMBERS. ' Mr. Steere brought up the Report of the Select Committee to abolish the property qualification ' of members. The Report was read and ordered to be printed. POLICE ORDINANCE, Mr. Monger moved the second reading of a Bill to repeal the 35th section of the Police Ordinance of 1861 r and to enact another clause in lieu thereof. Mr. Steere did not consider legislation on the point necessary. The II on. the Colonial Secretary said that it was absolutely necessary, as under the present Ordinance the police were powerless to abate the nuisance caused by dead horses or cattle being left on the road-side. Mr, Monger spoke from experience ; he knew many instances in which the nuisance caused by dead horses and cattle being brought to the notice of the police, and that they were unable to interfere in the matter. This Bill was to give them that power. The Bill passed the second reading ; third reading fixed for 12th inst. WILD HORSES & CATTLE BILL. The House went into Committee on this Bill. Messrs. Brown and Logue contended that the Bill had not been drawn up by the Hon. the Attorney-General in accordance with the Report, Mr. Brown proceeded to point out several instances in which the Report had not been adhered to, and proposed a number of amendments so many that if carried there would be little of the original Bill remaining. After a long discussion the House adjourned to 8 p.m. -- The Speaker took the chair at 8 p.m. The House resumed the consideration of the Wild Horses and Cattle Bill. Mr. Steere moved that the Bill be read pro forma for the information of members. Mr. Brown rose to propose an addition to a clause, when the Hon. the Colonial Secretary said he was out of order. The hon, the Attorney-General had nothing to do with the Bill. He was not on the Committee that drew up the Report on which to frame the Bill. He was merely the amanuensis in the matter. If the Bill was not in accordance with the Report, throw it aside and draw up a new Bill to be submitted to the House. Perhaps the hon. member would do so. It is said that one can drive a coach-and-four though any Act i of Parliament, but it was not easy to prevent ] four wild horses going through it. Mr. Browne agree with the hon, the Attorney-General that if the foregoing Bill was a specimen of his drafting, he could do it as well himself. He could say that the Bill was not in accordance with the Report. Mr. Newman reminded the hon. member that it was easier to drive a coach-and- four than four wild horses. After a brief discussion on the Bill and the proposed additional clauses, the Bill was ordered to be reprinted. ESTIMATES RETIRING ALLOWANCES. The House went into Committee on the Estimates. The Hon. the Colonial Secretaryship proceeding with the Estimates the amount for Pensions and Retiring Allowance, £1,659 10s., would be reduced by the death of an Officer. The amount would be £1,558 15s. 4d. Mr. Steere regretted very much that it had fallen to his lot to move a reduction in this amount to the extent of £200. There was no use beating about the bush. He moved the reduction because it was the intention of the Government to give an old officer a larger amount than the House intended to give. The elected members owed a duty to their constituents. They were raising taxes to meet current expenses, and hence they would be wanting in duty, did they allow the sum now before them to pass. The Run the rv»Tr»vTAL SECRETARY asked on what grounds the hon. member proposed to reduce the amount. Mr. Steere complained that the hon, the Colonial Secretary had not put down each item separately. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary replied that the Tension List. had been on the table one month that day. Mr. Steere contended that each item should have been inserted in the Estimates ; then each item would be gone through. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary asked whose pension the hon. member proposed to reduce £200. Mr. Steere The late Surveyor-General's, for the reasons he had before given. The hon, the Colonial Secretary As the hon. gentleman had refused to give his reasons for reducing the amount of the late Surveyor General's pension, he considered that his reasons were bad reasons, and to con- cur in that proposition would be doing an act of injustice to an old and deserving officer. That esteemed gentleman arrived in Western Australia in its earliest days, having landed here in 1829, before any person in this colony, and before the British flag was planted here. He watched the early days of the colony, and he worked for its formation, and during a great portion of that period only received a very small salary, yet he remained in the colony, and spent his money in the colony. For 60 years Capt. Roe served his country faithfully and well, 40 years of which he had served in this colony. As a member of the Legislative Council, Capt. Roe was hard working and industrious, and as a public servant he worked harder than any man in the colony. He would therefore say, without the fear of contradic- tion of any hon. member, was it unreasonable to ask that for such services Capt. Roe be permitted, at the age of 75, during the short time he could be expected to enjoy a retiring allowance, the full amount of his salary? Capt. Roe was a man who never spared himself ; he was a man who had devoted his whole life to the colony, and was always an underpaid public servant. For two years had Capt. Roe received a salary of £600 per annum, but for many many years had he toiled for £300, £400, and £500, and only for the two last of his service had he received the sum of £600. Now it was asked, in accordance with the regulations, that Capt. Roe be allowed to retire on his full salary. The hon. A, gentleman who moved the resolution declined to give his reasons for opposing this intention, and he would say that he was wrong in not doing so, and in proposing that the pension of the. honorable and gallant gentleman be reduced £200, he could hardly believe that he (Mr. Steere) wished to do an injustice to the hon. gentleman, who was not there that evening to defend himself. But to carry out the proposal of the hon. member for Wellington would be doing an injustice. It was Capt. Roe's right ; it was his just right, and he would tell the hon. gentleman that it was not in his power to take it from him and he would tell the House he was not speaking without book. He spoke warmly, and he felt warmly for an old man for whom he wished to get justice. As to the pensions and retiring allowance due Capt. Roe, he would tell him (Mr. Steele) he was wrong, and he would tell that Council they were wrong if they agreed to the proposal, Capt. Roe retired, sent in his resignation before the Constitution of the colony was altered, when it was at Crown colony. The Government then did what they were obliged to do, and nothing more than the law permitted in naming the pension they had : I to Capt. Roe. He was aware that all ques s tions of finance must be brought before that Council, but he must tell that Council they were not in a position to reject the sum. because it was due to Capt Roe before the colony became a representative colony. - It was not a question as to how much he (Capt. Roe was to have, but it was what does the law say ? He would ask them to vote what the law says is his (Capt. Roe's) due, and when he told them what Capt. Roe was entitled to receive, - he believed there was hardly any member in the House that would throw away a vote he had to give that night. It must be borne in mind that as far as the voting of the public money went, it was not altogether in their hands. He would be sorry to see any serious difference of opinion between the Government and the Council on this matter, or that their recommendations would be in opposition to on I another, but he would ask the hon. members to give a fair hearing to what is said, and not come to the House prepared to vote for this or against that question, and if they have the subject an imperative hearing, they would agree with him that it would be an act of injustice to strike £200 off the pension of an old and deserving officer of this colony.. Under the Superannuation Act, which was not now in force here, with reference to all officers entWod to a pension, the Act laid down what shall be given to any officer who entered the service at a certain date. That Act was passed in 1837 In that Act there is a clause which provides that any one who entered the service 5 years previous to the passing of that Act would be entitled after so many years' service to his full pay as a retiring allowance. That was the provision of the 4th and 5th William the IV., chap 24, and the Council were bound to go by that law. Capt. Boo entered the service in 1828, before many of those present that night were born, and before the flag was planted in the colony. Capt. Ros landed here first in June, 1829 ; hence the gallant officer did not come under the Superannuation Act. Capt. Roe, he might say, stood alone ; there was no other officer in the service so circumstanced. But even under the Superannuation Act special power was given to recommend such further sum as a pension than two thirds of an officer's salary. And the Act William the IV. provides that the rate of pension, according to the period of service-IO, 15, 20, 40, and 45 years does not exceed two-thirds of the salary. Thus, that would give £500 out of the £60 which Capt. Roe now enjoys. Capt. Roe came under that Act, and the Government, in the exercise of the discretion placed in them while this was a Crown colony, considering the distinguished services of Capt. Roe, considering his great services to this colony, bearing in mind that he has only enjoyed the sum of £600 for two year?, he (the Colonial Secretary) would ask for the gallant gentleman what he is entitled to £600. He could demand £50, and he certainly thought he was not asking from them too much, and the Government only hope that the Legislative Council will accept their recommendation, and he believed it was what the whole colony would wish, He never spoke to a settler with reference to the retirement of Capt. Roe but the remark was that he (Capt. Roe had fairly earned all that this colony can give him. If the Council refused to acquiesce, it would be necessary to appeal to the Secretary of State, who could pay the am now out of the land fund ; but the land fund he would like to see left intact, and that no child should be taken of it by the Government. He contended that Capt. Roe was fully and fairly entitled to receive his full pay as retiring allowance, and he would be sorry to find that at the first meeting of the Legislative Council of this colony it would refuse to support on act of justice. Capt. Ros stood alone in his claim, and he would only say that Capt. Roe was held in the deepest and most affectionate regard by every settler in this colony. Mr. Brown fully endorsed the sentiments of the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, and in a very able speech reviewed the services of Capt. Roe in this colony, and forcibly pointed out his peculiar claims to the consideration and gratitude of the settlers. Mr. Shenton moved that the sum be reduced to £500. Mr. Drummond thought he would be acting an improper part did he not rise to give his entire support to the measure before the House. He arrived in this colony with Capt. Roe, and no one could tell better than he could the important services which Capt. Roe had rendered this colony since his advent in 1829. No officer in the colony had such claims as Capt. Run. He had therefore much pleasure in supporting the amount of retiring allowance to that gentleman. Mr. McKail thought that the retiring allowance of Capt. Roe might be taken as a precedent. The hon, the Colonial Secretary assured the hon. gentleman that Capt. Roe's case was singular. The question was then put-Shall the sum be reduced £100 ? Ayes, 8 ; Noes, 9. The announcement was received with loud applause. Payments to Officers, £200 ; Administra- tion of Justice, £1425. Mr. Steere moved that the amount for travelling expenses for Supreme Court £100 -be struck out, as it was never used. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary considered such a course would be exceedingly unadvisable. Mr. McKul- The Chief Justice had never been at a trial in Albany. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said that for that reason it was advisable to leave the amount on. Mr. Steere-If it was left on it would only be in the power of the Executive Government. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary The Executive Government had no power to spend money for one purpose which had been voted for another. There was no use in him (Mr. Steere) trying to mislead the members of the House. Mr. Steere-He knew as well as he (the Colonial Secretary) the government had done it, Mr, Drummond-As there was no travelling Chairman of Quarter Sessions, he could not see why it was placed on the Estimates, The Hon. the Attorney General It was placed on the Estimates for many reasons. In cases of emergency it might be necessary for the Supreme Court to travel. Mr McKail-there was a sum on the Estimates to meet contingencies. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary There was no sum to meet contingencies that were apparent. The 5000 on the Estimates was to meet unforeseen contingencies. Mr, Newman-If money voted by that Council were spent for any other purpose than that intended, they were not fit to be there. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary What has been asked for is unforeseen services. The money placed at the disposal of the Government is for services they cannot foresee. The House then divided. The motion was lost by a majority of 1, there being 9 Noes and 8 Ayes. Mr. Newman remarked on the items payment to Witnesses and jurors, that the Jurors' list ought to extended at the present time it was a great hardship to those who were so often called upon to attend. Ecclesiastical Grant, £3,543. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said that increase was necessary in that Grant. The Church of England, which was 70 per cent., was now only 59 per cent., the Roman Catholics had increased from 22 per cent; to 29 per cent., and other Denominations in proportion. The Church of England would not receive any increase. The Roman Catholics would now receive £1,067, Wesleyans £206, and Presbyterians £79. The whole question would have to be considered, as the grant could not go on increasing. Mr. Newman considered the whole question should be gone into. He did not approve of the manner in which the grant was distributed. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary.-Yï'hen the grant was given by direction of the Home Government, there was no other way of doing it. Mr. Loans asked the Colonial Secretary if the amount was paid to the Bishop. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary. The amount is now paid to the Bishop, as is done to the heads of other Churches. The Government of course exercise a control. Mr. Loans.-Then the amount is placed at the disposal of heads of Departments this year. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary. In such a way that it can be concurred in by the Government. Mr. McKail.-Every chaplain is entitled to his Mr share in the amount. Mr. Steere asked the Colonial Secretary if in calculating this grant he had taken into account the convicts. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary's would not make £50 difference in the grant. Amount passed. Charitable Allowances, £2,500. -The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said this sum had increased considerably. During the first nine months of 1879, it amounted to £2,500. He hoped that with the improved prospects of the colony, so large a sum would not be required this year. Mr Drummond had called for a return showing the number of paupers on the bands of the Government, distinguishing those who had been expires. That Return had been placed on the table of the House, and he was sorry to think that the colony would be burdened with a class of men who were utterly useless. If the colony had the money it would be cheaper to send them back to the parishes from whence they came. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary admitted that the matter was a difficult one to deal with, and that the men were a great burthen to the colony. Amount passed. Hospitals, £1410; Police, £7300; Gaols, £2,350; Rottnest, £850; Rent, £482; Transport, £950; Conveyance of Mails, £5,075. -W Mr. Newman did not consider a weekly mail between Champion Bay and the capital necessary, and was of opinion that the Colonial Mail could start from Perth and leave Albany on the same day as the English Mail. A great saving would thus be effected. Mr. Gull concurred in the remarks that fell from the hon. member for Fremantle. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary did not consider that such an arrangement would give satisfaction, however desirable. Mr. Monger would oppose any such motion. Mr. Logue considered the weekly mails to Champion Bay a great convenience. After a few remarks from Messrs. Newman and Drummond, and the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, the subject dropped. Works and Buildings, £6,560. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary referred to the works that had been carried on in Champion Bay, to prevent the sand hills cover- ing up the town of Geraldton, and as the farmers who are in debt to the Government were willing to continue the work, which was necessary, he urged its continuance. A brief discussion ensued, when the motion was agreed to. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said the next motion that stood in his name was one for planting coffee. After a long discussion the amount, £300 was passed. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary moved the sum of £150 for additional accommodation of Survey Office, Amount passed. Mr. Stevens said there was £1,000 on the Estimates for a School-house at Fremantle. He saw a tender on the table to do the work for £600. At the request of the Colonial Secretary the matter was left until he could communicate with the Clerk of Works, Fremantle. The House then adjourned 11 p.m. FRIDAY, JANUARY 6. The Speaker took the chair at 4 p.m. Present - All the members, except the Attorney-General and Mr. Gull. NOTICES OF MOTION. The following notices of motion were given Mr Logue-I give notice that on Tuesday next I will ask the hon, the Colonial Secretary ita man named Kennedy, who was lately convicted of an assault upon a man named Bryant, whilst a prisoner in his charge, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment, has lately been re-appointed to the police force ; also on what account his sentence, or part of it, was remitted. Mr. DnuMMOND-Ibegtogive notice I shall, on Wednesday, 13th instant, move that the following amendment be made in the 8th Section of the Ordinance No. 13 of 1860, for the prevention and cure of scab in sheep. That in the 18th line of this section, after the words " quarantine for the next six months," be struck out, and the word two be inserted in lieu thereof. Mr. Shenton-To move on Monday that a humble address be presented to His Excellency praying that he will cause to be laid on the table of the House any correspondence there may be between the Government and the secretary of State; also any despatches from the Secretary of State there may be in reference to the report of the Commission of Inquiry into the defalcations of the Treasurer at Champion Bay. Mr. Steere-To move at the next sitting of the House that if, after due enquiry, it should be found advisable to secure the services of an engineer to superintend and overlook the road steamer, the Government should be empowered to engage one in England for such purpose. Mr. Logue-I give notice that on Tuesday next I shall move for leave' to introduce a Bill to repeal the Scab-in-Shcep Ordinance of 1856, and make other provision in lieu thereof. LAND REGULATIONS. The Surveyor-General laid on the table certain papers relative to the Land Regulations. They were ordered to be printed. PUBLIC WORKS. Mr. Steere moved the first reading of a Bill to raise money to carry out certain public works. Bill to be read a second time on Wednesday next. 14 VICTORIA No 6. The Bill was read a third time and passed. ESTIMATES. 2 The House then went into committee of the Estimates. The hon, the Colonial Secretary said he had communicated with the Clerk of Works, and found that the sum of £636 was the estimate for the building of the school-house at Fremantle. He moved the sum of 700 be placed on the Estimates for that purpose. Passed. A discussion here took place respecting the Print- ing department's to whether the work could not be done cheaper by contract. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said it could not be done cheaper: in fact, it could not be done at all by any private printing establishment in the colony. [At this stage of the proceedings a message was received from His Excellency the Governor con- senting to 220 for a messenger and £1,000 for one of Thompson's Road Engines being placed on the Estimates.] Roads and B idges- £10,600, instead of £10,000. A long and interesting discussion took place respecting the two stone-crushers that are expected from England, as to their cost of working and the districts in which they should be employed. THE STEAM DREDGE. In the absence of the member for the Swan, Mr. Shenton moved that the sum of £800 be placed on the Estimates to put the Steam Dredge is working order. The motion was put and lost. MISCELLANEOUS. £20 was placed on the Estimates for a messenger to the House and on the House dividing on the question whether £1,000 8hoald~be-placed-on~the Estimates for the purchase of a Thompson's Road Engine, it was carried by a majority of one, there being 8 ayes and 7 noes. GOLD PROSPECTING. After an animated discussion, the sum of £750- for this purpose was struck out. IMMIGRATION, £500. A discussion ensued on this item, when it came out that there was no employment for immigrants, were they sent hither. ABORIGINALS, £038. On a motion that the sum of 643! be struck off, it was elicited that the Bishop of Perth intended forming a Native Institution in Perth, and that that sum which was now given to the Albany institution would be devoted to that purpose. Payment of interest, £850. Mr. Newman objected to the colony being saddled with the passage money of Mr. Slade. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary said as long as they were a Crown Colony they had no voice in the matter. Mr. Drummond thought it was a round-about' way to send to Jamaica for an Attorney-General Mr. Leake considered that it was unfair that the colony should have to pay something like £300 for the passage of the Attorney and his family. He thought the least a gentleman might do who took an appointment was to pay his way out and take its responsibility. 'The total estimated expenditure was £101,033 tins. 6d. The House then adjourned until 8 p.m. The SpeakeR took the chair at 8 p.m. The House went into committee on the Ways and Means. The whole of the items of the source of anticipated revenue were taken separately oak the motion of Mr. Newman. The Free List was revised, and with the proposed additional taxation on tobacco, beer, cigars, snuff, a revenue of £102,501 was anticipated. The increased duties which were agreed to, it was expected, would amount to about £6,000 or £7,000. The House then adjourned until Tuesday, at 4 p.m. Printed and published" by Arthur Shenton, a the Office of the Perth "Gazette and W. A Times. 