Othib natters, of more immediate and general interest, hare j robably averted at ten' tion from the recent attempts of' the Southern States part/ in America, with Mr. Jefferaon DftTta at their head, to revive ' the lost cause' as Mr. Daris submits to call it and keep alire the hope ot its ultimate reourery. These attempts hare a twofold interest — for the Americans themEelve* and for the whole world As regards tbe interests of the United States, it is cleailj enough perceived that the Southern party desiie tnem no louger to be united. Mr t'avis has delivered a speech at Atalanta, which has set the whole ot' t£e Aoierican Press criticising ' ihe situation ;' and som ; do not hesitate to assert, even in the interest of what is calLd the '' democratic' party of politicians, that their only hope of regaining power lies in supprcssiug such tire brands as the late rebel President, who says ' State sovereignty must be restored,' and ' the day is not far distaut when tbe sun will shine upon you as a free, independent, and sovereign Mate' How such rftatea would be likely to exercise their fteedom and independ ence, we have seen in tae reports of the atroci ties lately perpetrated in Alabama and else where, uud for the suppression of which President Grant reoently issued his Proclama tion, preparatory to cat. ing out the National troops. But it is Dot this alone. Tbe Union that was cemented at so fearful a cost, and which is now the grand safeguard of the free dom and independence of America, would be of very short duration indeed, if Mr. Daris and his f fiends could carry out their ideas with regard to ' State Rights.' It would be uncandid and foolish now to deny that, when the domestic troubles in Amerioa first broke out, a very large party in England, and perhaps many. elsewhere in the) British dominions, viewed the even; with some ' satisfaction, as liktly to lead to the weakening ' of a powerful rival. Time and reflection have , brought wiser thoughts. Ami rick, like England, is one of the guardians and eon* ; servators of the liberties of the world, and woe i to freeuom— even to British freedom — ifj American power and influence were crushed, or. reduced to insignificance ty internal dissensions. The late slave-holders of the South, who would gladly see the former con dition of thiDgs restored, or even extended throughout the whole continent, wuuld have no hesitation, in forming an alliance with the most degputic nation in the world in order to attain that object ; and in this light tbe American National Pi ess views the late I demonstrations of Jefferson Davis. ' He does not advite an immediate war,' says the New York Tribune. ' He even professes, as he did in 1861, earnestly to desire peace. All he wanted at tbe outset of the rebellion was 'to be let alone;' and that is all be wants now. It is true that lie does not counsel armed resisatnoe; but he is kind enough to say that ' there never was any organization in the Soutb whose purpose was to resist tlie Governmeut;' andjby the time he has made a lew more speeches we dare say he will reach the proposition that there never was any war.' He says that be glories in the remembrance of the ' cause ;' but his boastful, misoliievous oratory is contrasted with that of the late General Lee, who, from the day of tbe surrender of his army to Grant at the Appomattox, to thi day of his death, never spoke a word of the ' cause,' but lojally accepted its defeat. Any serious attempt on the part of the South to revive the old quarrel would be received in Kngland with far more general dis approbation tbau before, even if it did not involve the slavery question, and, with even greater reasou, it must be viewed with strong disfavour in Australia. At a time when dangerously powerful military nations, undiy tbe most despoiio forms of government, are springing up aud extending tbeir influence in hurope and Asia, it would be well that that little island iu the West which is the home ot constitutional liberty should have a great arid kindred nation like America to point to as another example not only of the safety of popular freedom, but of its consistency with world wide power and influence. The atrocious excesses lately committed in the name of Liberty in Paris will strengthen the hands and the arguments of the opponents of popular concessions. ' What the labouring classes will do with their power when they get it is shown in Paris,' they will say ; and ' the French'- ouvriers prove what trades onions and working men's associations come to.' America divide?!, .and in a state of hostility with itself, would increase the force of these, arguments ;wh.'le at the same time the clash and glitter of arms, from the Ganges to the Bosjhorous and from the Danube to the Balto, might hold out, too late, the warning sg'inst divided counsels amongst free nttinns. ^uoh language as th it used by Mr. Davis U well calculated to lead to reflio ions of 'his k nd, especially when his supporters respond to it by denying that the ' cause' to which he alludes is lost at all, ?nd asserting that it will yet triumph. The forcible language used by Mr. Bright, that the extinction of * merica as a nation would cause 'one wild shriek of freedom throughout the world,' has been subjected to considerable oritioism, and some ridicule ; but there was not much exaggeration about it Although, therefore, we anticipate no such disaster from the plots of Mr. Davis and hid friends, it is worth while to take advantage of the opportunity of calling the attention of our readers to the hopes that still teem to be cherished. The present intrigues have immediate reference to the forthcoming Presidential eleotion ; but it is nt-edless to* say that if the post of Goief Magistrate in America were occupied by one of the ' State Hightj' advocates, ihe whole system «f Ameih-an policy and domestic government would undergo a change, and that is a subject in whion n -t only Great Britain but Australia also would have an interest. Stdnet Infirm abt. —Report for the week ending 21st August, 1871 :— Admitted : 23 males 9 females ; total, 32. Discharged : 13 males, 12 females ; total, 25\. Died : 4 males, 1 female ; total, S. Remaining in house : 150 males, 72 ferailes ; total, 222. duo tions, So., received: L30 8«. Thh Panorama in thb Sobool or Abts— The panorama in the Sohool of Arcs is the finest produc tion of the sort ever offered to the Sydney public The representations of Bittern scenes are most magni ficent to behold, and convey to tbe audienoe a correct idea of the grand and stupendous unduratakings of the pasting a The scenes of the Franco-Prussian war are most engaging— the representation of a tight for the standard of France (wherein the flig is taken and retaken eleven different times) —the blowing up of a rail way bridge, and other innumerable representations, are most successfully dedicated. At intervals during the evening Miss Florence Jieresford, R.A.M. renders some excellent songs, and contributes greatly to the even ing's entertainment. The monkeys, which are iutro duced at the close of the panorama, are most intelli gent, and go through a variety of clever performances. The hall will remain open during the week, and an nftirrnooo performance will be given at 3 o'clock on Saturday next A well contested rifle-match between fifteen men of No. 2 Company S.B V.R., and a like number of the Par ramatta Qpmpany, took place at the Parramatta Rifle R-inge on Saturday, the 19th inst. The firing was at 200, 600, and 600 yards. The Sydney men were victorious by thirteen points. The following are the scores :— . No. 2 Company 8.B.V.R. Pabsamatta Company. Total Total. Colour-sergeunt Grant .. It Ensign Smith .. .. 36 I rivate I'ouglass .. 3V Private M'Donald, sen. 36 Ensign CavrBough ... 3D Uussey ... ,. 85 Coipo allinaley .. 89 Major Brown ., .. 33 Private A. U'Orea .. Si Lieutenant Oreenup .. S3 8\. Defrles ... _ 83 J-erge»nt Howard .. 31 J. Baylis .. .. 32 Hon. mem. O Byrnes .. 29 H. Douglass .. £9 'Don.al .,26 Glennie ._ .. 28 Piirate Maling ... 26 Allertoa .. .. it W. Moor*... ... 25 J. Kingston .. 22 Hon. mem. Hellyer ... 21 T. Donald- .. 21 Private Uoatet ... 2t Bead .. .. 19 W. Kitchle .. 24 Baxter .. .. 19 A. Adimi . .. 18 Corporal Anderson .. 12 Corporal Baraett .. 17 Total ... .. 430 Total ., .. 417 Burolabt at Oeange.— On Saturday morning last it was discovered tuat the shop occupied by Mr. BridgeB as a fruit store and fancy depot had been b* gluriously entered during the previous night, and pro perty to the value of about L35 abstracted. The premises are securely locked and fastened at night, but no person sleeps there. Adieus was obtained in a very bold and ingenious manner. The building is of galvan ized iron and weatherboards, with a brick chimney at the back. Immediately contiguous to the chimney the back door is situated. Having apparently tried this door with a chisel, ineffectually, the thieves Adopted another device, and takiog the bricks one by one from a oorner of the chimney, made a hole sufficiently large to admit the arm. The key, which was unfortunately left in the door, was then reached and turned, and undisputed entrance obtained. Amongst the proceeds of the robbery was a oase of tobacco and one of meer schaum pipes, the latter invoiced at L10. The tobacco case was found in the quarry near the cricket field, but no olue to the lost property or ths depredators has yet been obtained. , Cbdshed to Death in a Cathidbal Clock. — The bell-ringer in the oathedral of Wurtzburg has perished under very singular circumstances. The churoh possesses a splendid dock, with ponderous and compli cated works, while a pendulum of proportionate length vibrates to and fro with a dull and monotonous thud. Reoently theolook needed oleaniug, and the ringer was deputed to superintend the work, though he ruefully endeavoured to be exoused from the task. It Seemed that he never willingly approached the belfry from certain unpleasant associations. About twenty years ago be killed his predeoussor in office, accusing him of carrying on a criminal intrigue with his wife. When brought to trial he escaped the gallows owing to a defioienoy of legal proof. The patronage of one of the canons then procured him the appointment vacant by the death of his viotim. Heuce, it is said, arose his superstitious dread in connection with the belfry, which was supposed by many to be haunted by the ghost of the murdered ringer. On the morning when the olook was to.be cleaned it sud denly stopped, and the bell-ringer was nowhere to be found, a workman from the town was sent for, and ascended the tower, when he was horrified to find the pendulum and lower works dripping with blood. Upon searching further the body of the beil-ringer was feund entangled in thu works feightf ully mangled end crushed. One supposition is that he committed suicide by climb ing up the pendulum and then pitching himself into the machinery of the deck. But the wonder-loving gossips of the place, with a thoroughly German propensity for the horrible, declare that the guilty man, upon reach ing the gloomy chamber wherein the works revolved, was horror-striken by the apparition of hia predecessor sitting uside the great balance-wheel of the clock and had then bten drawn, into the works by a species of horrible fascination similar to that which the rattle snhke is said to exercise over its prey. There sat the speotre, rubbing his gory hands with hideous glee as the victim was slowly drawn in among the cog-wheels and ratchets of the machinery. An agonizing yell, a crush of bones and all was still ! Such, according to the Italie.lis the newest legend of the belfry of Wurtzburg. SHORTHORN BdLLS— Two pure shorthorn bulls, Rosolio and Oxford EuVn, have arrived from London in the La Hogue, consigned to Messrs. Oowlishaw, Brothers. The following are their pedigrees : — Bosolio is a rioh roan, calved July 25th. 1869, at Gray's Hall, E'sex, by Duke of Grafton (21594), and took the first prize in his class on the only oceasion he was shown ; his dam was (Rose Water) by Comedian (157S9) ; g d (Rosalie) by Viotor (15458) ; gr K d (Hasp berry) by Buoosneer (11218) ; grgrgd(Ruby) by Bed Rover (11982) ; gr gr er g d (Sprinhtly) by Sir Isaao (9H45) ; grgrgr grgd (Superb) by Viotory (55G6) ; gr gr gr grgr g d (Splendid) by Matchem 3rd (4420) ; er gr gr gr gr gr g d (Superb) by Young Hryholine (1981) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr gr g d by Wellington (2825) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr g d by Alfred (23) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr g d by Windsor (698) ; gr gr gr gr gr grgr grgr gr g d by Cupid (177) ; gr gr gr gr gr m* or bt in* er sr o A Viv Barker's Bull of Lavton (531. The Duke of Grafton (21594) was bv Duke of Geneva (19614); dam (Ducbess 1st) hy Master Rembrandt (10545) ; g d (Duchess Nanny) by Jasper (11609) ; gr g d (Duchess Nancy) by 2nd Duke of Oxford (9046) ; gr grg d (Mettle) by 2nd Duke of Northumberland (3646) ; gr gr gr g d by Belvedere (1706) ; gr gr gr gr g d Son of 2nd Hnbback (2683), from a cow of Mr. Bates's. Oxford Eden, red and white, was calved at snme place, Oh 17th December, 1868, and is by 12th Duke of Ox ford (19633). Dam (Flower of Eden) by Abbot of Enowlemere (19183) ; g d (Blanche of Aldborough) by Harlequin (18026) ; gr g d (Orphan) by Loid Kaglan (13246) ; gr gr g d (Maid of Aln 2nd) by Crusade (7938) ; gr gr gr g d (Maid of Aln) by Regent (2517) ; gr gr gr gr g d (Edith) by Borderer (3191) ; gr gr gr gr gr g d (EclipBe) by Eclipse (1949) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr gd by Togxton (5487) ; gr gr gr gr gr grgr g d by Boliogbrokft (3184) ;grgrgrgrgrgrgrgr g d by Son of Midas (435) ; gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr gr g d by Turin, brother to Ben (660). 12th Duke of Oxford (19633), bred by the Duke of Devonshire, Holker Hall, by Grand Duke of Wetherby (17997) ; dam (Oxford lBfli) by 4th Duke of York (10167) ; g d (Oxford 6th) by 2nd Duke of Northumberland (3646) ; gr g d (Oxford 2nd) by Short Tail (2621) ; gr gr g d (Matchem cow) by lUtchem (2281) ; gr gr gr g d by Young Wynyard (2859). The bulls have arrived at an opportune time, as a large number of graziers will be able to inspect them, without the expense of incurring a special journey for that purpose. 