ORDINATION OE A CATHOLIC PRIEST AT GOULBURN. CAbridaed from the Arc/us.) On Sunday, 5th inst, the ordination of a Catholic priest took place in Saints Peter and' Paul's Cathedral, ?? , ? Goulburn; . The Bey. Michael Coffey, already in Holy Orders, hav ing previously received the orders of sub deacon and deacon, was ordained priest. This .being the first ordination of a Catho lic priest that has ever, occurred in the diocese of Goulburn, the cathedral was crowded. Precisely at II o clock tlie procession, emerged from the sacristy and proceeded to the -foot of the altar in the following order :— ' First the acolytes. Then the. deacon who was to be ordained. Next came the clergy, * the Rev. M. Slattery, the Rev. J. Gallagher, and the Tory Rev. P. Dunne, V. F. ; the. Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Lord Bishop of Goulburn, in full ! canonicals, following. Mass was celebrated by the Bishop. When the Mass had iDroceeded as far as the last verse of. the Tract, the Bishop took his seat on the faldstool placed in front of the altar. Father Dunne, as archdeacon, in the words of the Pontificale Itomanum, then said in Latin, 'Lot the person approach who is to be ordained to the order of priesthood.' Father Gallagher, as notary, here called ?upon the candidate, ' Michael Coffey ;' who answered kneeling at the lowest step of the altar, ' 1 am present.' ' . The Archdeacon (addressing .the Bishop) said : Most rev. prelate, our holy mother the Church asks that you ordain this deacon here present to the order of priesthood. ?The Bishop : Do you know is he worthy? The Archdeacon : As far as human fraiity ? . permits to be known the candidate is worthy. ' The Bishop :_ Thanks be to God. The ordination then proceeded by the Bishop addressing a long admonition to the candidate, at the conclusion of which the candidate prostrated himself from the kneeling position. ?- The Bishop and clergy then knelt and recited the Litany of the Saints. Having arrived at that portion of the Litany immediately preceding the j ? Agnus Dei, the Bishop rose and assuming tlio mitre and holding the crozier in his hand solemnly blessed the prostrate candidate and o-ain kneeling finished the Litany ; at the -elusion of- which the candidate rose, and '? on the first step of the altar. Then , -'! the ' imposition of hands,' first of '-p, and then of each of the priests in praying that the Holy Ghost may n him. The prelate kneeling ' ir intoned the first part of the ?dor Spivitus, which being hoir was sung during Ihc iony. Next the Bishop '? 'mit aside his gloves minted the candi ^oly oils ; the ' ''? it from facto. The ablution finished, the now priest standing repeated to the Bishop the Apostles' Creed as a jirofession of the faith which he is to preaeh. The Bishop took his seat again and with mitre on placed his hands on the priest's head, conveying to him as he knelt before him the power of remitting sins ad dressing him in the words of our Lord : ' Re ceive the Holy Ghost ; whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins you shall retain they are retained.' (John xx. 22 and 23). The .' chausable' was then Un folded and the priest was fully vested. , Still seated; the Bishop 'with mitre on re ceived from the priest* whose hands were placed between those of the Bishop's, the promise, of obedience to him. and. his succes sors. Tlie Bishop in return gave him the kiss of peace-, This ' concluded the ordina tion. ' ' ??? ?' %; The Rev. J. Gallagher preached a most impressive sermon. f- 