EDUCATION UNDER THE PAPAL RULE. Wc leavn from Italy that a report hi>s lately hceii issiioil by Senator Brioschi, on the educa tional eonclition of the Roman provinces re cently under the control of the Papal Govern ment. The official document reflects but little credit on the Papal Schoolmasters. In the various colleges, .history, geography, and tlie natural sciences were not among the branches taught. As for Latin, the written translations and compositions were full not only of impro prieties of expression, but also of grammatical Jiiistakes. As for Greek, the greater number of examined pupils were hardly able to read the language. With few exceptions, the pupils had not the slightest elimentary idea of the history of Italian literature ; so much so, that they mixed up the different centuries, oi- rather re garded the past as one vast space of time with out landmarks, in which Dante, Tasso, Virgil, and even David lived as contemporaries, or, at least in their minds, in no known order. As for mathematical studies, the xnipils that were examined were found . in a state of total igno rance, not having the slightest idea either of geometry, algibra, or arithmetic. Such was the instruction of the young men who came, after six or seven years of study, to be admitted to the Lyceum 1 Senator Brioschi admirably ex plains how the very intention of education in the Roman provinces seems to have been to form thoughtless minds, secure an influence over the young people, ami obtain a knowledge of their family affairs. With regard to the study of history and geography, the reoort states that the students had not the eleinentaiy knowledge of the earth's form and surface. I'lioy were even ignorant of the geography of Italy, its seas, mountains, rivers, and populous and celebrated cities. Some said the Adriatic was a mountain, Sardinia a city, Milan the capital of Sicily, and so on. ' One told me that Brutus was a tyrant, another that Dante was a French poet, Petrarch one of our illustrious poOtesses, etc. In speak ing of Columbus, I was informed by one, student that he was an apostle, and by another that he was the Holy Ghost. It was observed that in general, in arithmetio, they were unable to write the most simpile numbers under dictation, such as, for example, 70,20S. It appears to me,' concludes the , rejiort, from which we have ex tracted only a few statements, 'superfluous to add any remarks of my own to the aliovc, which is sufficient of itself to prove that if Popedom h.ad long retained the temporal sway in Rome, education would haye gradually disajixieared. ' " 