THE SEAT OF (WORDY) WAR. (FROM OUR SPECIAL co mSsIO?rOa.0 Dows AMONGO TO? Dna MEN. Start not, oh gentle reader, I am not a ghost! but the living skeleton of the Great Liberal Party seized me some days ago, entrapped, detained in captivity, and fed me on brandy-and-water in South Brisbane the city of the Tombs:; as I've been there, and with some of the bones of the late lamented G.L.P., I was sourely "down among Ithe dead men." Yes, that was the place of my short captivity; it's the fortune of war; but if Hervey bad known that corner of our would-be sea-faring neighbour Brisbane, he would never have gone into any graveyard to write hIis "Medi tations." The place is a combination of Young's "Night Thoughts," and Burton's "Anatomy of Melancholy," rendered more dismal by the lurid liglht of the Courier. If the monks of La Trappe established a monastery there they would not need to hear that enlivening remark, "Brother, we must die ;" all about them would suffticiently impress that truth on their minds. Mark Tapley would find considerable credit in being jolly if he were detained there a few weeks. Sines my escape I returned to visit the scene once more. Like Marineus among the ruins .of Carthage, I sat among the ruins of glowing hopes, public-houses, fond illusions, four-roomed cottages, and youthful dreams of Brisbane speculatorse; while, to complete the lively picture, the Governor Blackall lay "dream ing the idle hours away" gallantly cleaving themuddy waters of the Brisbane. "A thing of beauty is a joy for ever," and I find a melancholy pleasure in con templating the steamer that never steams. It was meant for much more, and in happier hours might hare done great things. It was destined for mighty purposes; so was I; neither of us fulfils his or her destiny. Such is life. But I'd mourn the hopes that leave me if that steamer left me too, I would indeed : and to think that thiers are people who blame Mr. Lilley for getting it built, and cannot see the stroke of policy, but prefer to blame iton "the Sun !" But what can one expectP Are there not people who say that it was a sun-stroke that converted Saul, that gen tleman of stonethrowing notoriety P Bosh! It's an unbelieving generation. My spirits are depressed. No wonder, after a month's sojourn in this fiat ginger-beer place; and, besides, I am being bored to death by the railway question. It crops up everwwhere; my barber sham poos me with it in the morning; my landlady cooks my matutinal chop with it ; even my favourite bar maid mites rum, railways, and ridisig-habite together in a way that is totally bewildering. I think the parsons combine railway and religion in their sermons. It will be my Calais, and when I turn my toes to the daisies, if anyone takes the trouble of looking, they will find, impressed on the heart of your commissioner in very big letters indeed, Brisbane and Ipswich Railway Extension." Do you know what a "Great Open Air Public Demonstration" means P I do. I saw one on Mon day. It means a couple of hundred men (Brisbanites blarneyed by Barrister Blake) scattered about on the street in gronps-talking, laughing, smoking, chaffing -with thirty or forty people on a crowded platform shaded by ragged canvas, and one unfortunate indi vidual sweating while spouting to fifty or sixty people who perhaps listen to him. It means a couple of hundred dirty boys, and one stout and slightly inebri ated pereson of the female persansion who will persisot in addressing loving observations to Paddy O'Sullivan, to the bshful confusion of even thatgentleman. You will have heard before now that our friend Patrick took a rise out of the Brisbanites at their Demonstra tion. He humbugged them to their hearts' content, and, the unfortunate poor creatures, they didn't see it. There was a Celtic twinkle in his eye, however, that let the initiated into the secret. The Brisbanites are sure of the kingdom of Heaven; poor things, they didn't understand irony or anything else very clearly, and it is but fair that they should be recompensed for living in such a place ea long. As the Railway Commission has succeeded in getting evidence to prove that the proposed extension will pay, if te Ooverneent make rakres ansd 6ring up big ships to theem, so as to do away with lighterage, I beg to inform you that 1 have signed the petition in favour of the line; for, do you see, there will be another Commission to inquire into the advisability of cutting a ship's canal to the Bay, and the probability of its becoming self-eupporting. Of course the Commission will prove that. Nothing easier. Take all the traffie between Roma and the Bareoo, add thereuntb that between Humpy Bong and Woogero, and multiply both by the number of people in the colony, and it a proved. It ie quite simple. You take any traffic you like, and though those prinolpally interested in it say that it will not go by rail, or are very doubtful at the most, you say it woill, and Q. E. D. at once. I was let into the secret by one of the Commissioners. Well, you see, we will have the ship's canal (Walsh writes by outgoing mail for M. de Leseps to come over), and we will have Government stores to build, and Government wharves to construot, all to make the railroad payable, and among all theie jobs it is the deuce of a thing if I cannot get a snpg billet as in spector of something. So I signed the .petition. I signed it first in small hand, then in round hand; I signed it with a flourish and again without a flourish; I signed it with the right hand and with the left, and with both hands together; I would have signed it with my big toe had that member been graphical, but it isn't; and I signed it everywhere.I met it-at every street corner and in every vacant building allotment. And that, sir, is what I call patriotism-pure patriot iesm. And if the Brisbanitos get the extension, they will owe it in a great measure to me. My signature pequired a value it has not had for many a year. Seedy-looking men implored me for my autograph, as if I were a great living celebrity-Gladstone, Tom Burke (of ours), Von Moltke, or the Chinese -giant. I had not the heart to refuse them, and, as variety is pleasing, I let them have it under very different aspects, from plain John Smith up to Fitz-Plantaganet, De Courey, &e.; To make the existing line payable, we construct the extension-to make the extension payable we build wharvee-to make the wharves pay able we build stores-to make the stores payable we deepen the bed of the river down to the Bay-to deepen the river and keep it so that ships may come up to the wharves we annually pour into it the greater portion of the revenue of the colony. But vice bijoie as long as the money's spent in Brisbane. It will stimulate native industry in the shape of colo nial rum-why even Maryborough will gain by that. Why growl then P Everything is for the best in this best of all possible worlds-and I'll start a shanty. Dr. O'Dohlerty is distinguishing himself. His capacious mind can descend from the steam-engine that licks the schoolmaster as a civiliseer-to the oyster. I was glad to hear that the Dontor took the oyster's part, but sorry' he dilated only on its physical good qualities. The oyster is a much misunderstood bi ralve-as ntuch misunderstood and unappreciated as the heads of the late G.L.]. He is not ajolly mollusc, though the cause of jollity in others, like the G.L. living skeleton. There is more of the disappointed lover about him. Poor Williams knew him when he sang something in this strain I'Cl go and sloe dath olter al Is their muddy bed; Gine nosalind sas cut me, this moment out me dead. The French call a stupid fellow an oyster: does the Doctor's bill apply to the Brisbanites? I shouldn't wonder ; he's a bit of a joker, is the Doctor. I had intended to give you some valuable informa tion about horses. I saw a number of promising colts taking their gallop last night; they were all in very good fettle, and their coats shone like a parson's after hiseEaster collection. They-the colts I mean-were well ribbed- up, round barrel, long ears, distended nostrils, deep chests, and good forehands. I saw them, as I said, galloping. I do not know whose stable they belong to; they were of different colours, ran in paira, and always kept the same distance from each other. They took their gallop to the sound of a barrel-organ, and you paid twopence, I think, to get on. If any one wants a "tip" let him enclose half-a-crown and a stamped envelope; I'll give it him. And now for the real news-now for the great battle of the campaign. Aid me, ob, Bellona! Arma viranmue caneo. Dr. O'Doherty led the charge of the Heavy Brigade. He's not a bad plunger by any means; but awfully prosy he was that night. His speech came down like lead on the foe-aye, and on the friend too. He was only lively once when be was slyly pricking William Henry, and the Black Knight of Burrum is not paehydermatous by any means; he bounced up quick -in fact, hie bounced up many a time during tihe skirmish; thlere's any amount of fight in him, and wheln he got a chlance to charge he went headlong at tie commission and showed them some very pretty play. The Doctor's nttack was a heavy one, but the member for the Leiehhardt outflanked him, and to meet this lanking movuement all the available forces of the G.L.P. were called into requisitios, while on thle Treasury heightstheChieflay slumbering or quietly directing the movements of his men. It was not a bad stroke to pit the Norsemen against the Brisban ites. The Chief lay quiet s he had his reserve Sbout him, and would have kept them all inactive but monacing until the end, but for the impetuosity of William Henry, the Murnt of Maryborough. No taunts, no stinging reproaches could have roused the Chief from his dignified repose, had not Hunrat charged at the first onset almost. No doubt he was giving what England gave the Italians in the Franco-Italian war-moral support-but he looked very much in the "Fight it out between you, it's no bnesiness of mine" style. And so night closed over the first day of the battle, and the combatants slept on their arms. The second day opened up a little more lively. There weas some sharp skirmishing against everything on the part of Lilcley, leader of the Bashi-Bazouske-irregulars in every sense of the word. But the main body of the CGreat Liberal army only picked up the Doctor's spent eartridges and tllrrw them at the enemy. They had not much effect. Mr. Jordan treated us to a vision of innumerable jolly farmers, drinking mighty flBagone of foaming beer (Perkine), jolly farmers with red faces, big bellies, red noses, and big pocket-books. I was a jolly farmer once, myself. I sowed wheat; it came up oxide of iron-there was no market for rust. The crop did not pay that season. I sowed wheat again, in another paddock, chocolate virgin soil. I had some very fine fully developed ears of wheat, five-and-a-half to the acre; five ears of wheat and a half to the acre do not pay-like the railway. I sowed wheat again--black virgin soil. I sowed that crop five years ago; it has not come up yet. Ifear it is growing the other way. It will astonish them when it goes out at the other side of the earth. I gave up wheat: I sowed barley. When that crop arrived at maturity, I went to mow it down. I was obliged to have a microsoope to see each stalk, and a telescope to see from one barley to the other. My pocket-book was big-was plethoric--it was full of writs. Icon eluded to give up jolly fermering. I'll never be a jolly farmer again, no matter what Jordan says. These armed neutrals are terrible fellows. Mr. M'Devitt made a brilliant charge, right and left; with impartial justice he let both sides have it, hot. He showed the Commission had proved their case against themselves, that they had given arms, in the shape of figures, to the enemy. There is nothing in the evi dence to prove that the railway will get the A.S.N. Co.'s trafil-o-quite the contrary; and those merchants who ship by the Settler, and the emptloE of Messu. J. and G. Harris, and Clarke, Hodgson, and Co., state they will always send their goods by the cheapest route, and they believe the river will be always the cheaper. He then smashed the analogies, attempted by the report, between the traffic from Sandridge to helbourne, Newcastle to Maitland, and that between Ipbwich to Brisbane. Having thus given the Great Liberal a lift the wrong way, he began to skin Mr. B. Cribb. He had a file of yourpaper of1860 (don'tyou feel proud that you last long in the memory of men that even your first reports, words of wisdom, are now quoted P), and in it some of Mr. Cribb's epeashes. B. C. is not like the eels; he's not used to be skinned alive, and he didn't like it. But he gioned and bore it, and had a lookat the file after M'Devitt was done. Ah, these old journals! Some of us don't like to re hear our old sayings. Mr. M'Devitt had an amend ment of his own, but it was not wanted. Mr. Thomas Blackett Stephens, after a dashing speech against the amendment, concluded by stating be would support it. It was only a lopsus,hbt it gave a galvanic shock to the G.L.P. That unfortunate body has been so used to political vivisection, to losing its members hete and there, that it must be pardoned if it thought that Thomes Blaoekett was off too. Bramston took him up sharp; bat he made his ex planation, and a sigh of relief eased theliving skeleton. The "strangers" were rather demonstrative during Mr. Brameton's speech; they hiosed, but a look from beneath the corrugated brows of Mac redeuced them to silence "deep as death." The combat slackens; the heroes are worn out ; the ammunition pent. A charge, a rally and charge again, and down goes thle Great Liberal army, who thereupon, inconti nent, evacuate Flanders. The "strangers' cheer this, their last act of gallantry, their retreat: Mac orders the galleries to be cleared, and the Brisbane and Ips wich railway extension's gone to Hades-and your commissioner to bed. equieroicet i pac. A.EB TEE B~ATLE. The next day, ghastly by the broad light of 830SO p.m. appeared the Diojecta o ensra huddled in a heap. They lay as they fell- together, misfortune had drawn them rloser, or the camp followers had gathered them together. From out the heap groans of grief, shrieks of pain, howls of disappointed rage to Heaven high aeopnded. But it has a wondrous vitality, the G.L.P.-a wondrous principle of muleish pertinasity and wrongheadedness. Like "cobblers pege' (the jolly farmers will recognise a friend), Quae sque Dardanus eampls potuess psrire Nec sam eaplA lepi, nee cus eombumt eremari. You may perish it by heat or cold, pluck it up by the roots, burn it with fire, but you can't get rid of it. So, though the steam-horse broke loose, and in wild madly-plunging career smashed, crushed, pulverised the bones of the Liberal Skeleton, that horrid monster with (Lilley and Pring) daylights out is as lively as ever. The Dotor and his two colleagues, and the in defatigable Atkin, the Doctor, regardless of the Oyster (Proe pludor), resolved to blook. The oyster may make melancholy moan, from his bed in the Bay, ochone! but the Doetor's ears are deaf to his wail. He has other fish to fry-leather-heade, eat-fish, dog. fish, schnappers he has got to fry, and turn-coat Dolphine- swells-witheverr.varyingweistcoats of chang ing colours (colours that won't wash) he miust fry Let him beware of burning his fingers. The scrimmage that took place the next day was lively, and there was a deal of hair on the grass before it was over. Points of order rose in rapid suacession; amenities of parliamentary politeness, broken promises, abandoned courses, desertion, division, untruths, lies, perjuries, were freely attributed to honourable mem? ser-of course all in a strictly parliamentary sense. And the G.L.P. took a little diversion in Bell-baiting; and in baiting every one opposed to it. It was lively certainly, and added to the dignity of the House. I was sorry for poor Mac; he was no sooner down than he was up to call somebody else to order. And the unfortunate Chairman of Committee had not an easy billetthat night. For ondo the G.L.P. stuck together, and after a considerable amount of heavy slogging-during which Mr. De Satgd6 fled in dismay from a desperate onslaught ofbarristers, whom he had roused by slighting allusions to their want of connection with their districte-the day after the battle closed favourably for the G.L.P., that is to say, the Great Liberal "blocked the way," and the colonial carriage couldn't advance a step, to the intense delight of the driver, who retired, muttering blessings of the warmest kind on the jubilant G.L.P. The fight is by no means over. Every niember of the Disjeeta has a new railway bill of his own to bring on. Its a regular Hydra; they intend to get it by inches; from the terminus to Limestone Hill, from Limestone Hill to Bandamba, and so on; each one takes a section. The cash receipts on the Southern and Western Railway for the week ending May 12, were:--Passen gers, £282 e1s.9d.; parcels, £17 Be. Sd.; .miscellaneous, £16 Lse. 6d.; goods, £928 2e. 10d.; total, £1289 10s. 1Od, The following notifcation may probably concern some of our readers :-" The postmaster at Townevsrille reports that the mails for Norman and Carnarven, dispatcbed from this oflce on April 14 per the schooner Blasek Dog, have been lost, that vessel having been wrecked of Hope Island, 280 miles north of Towns ville. The mails contained thirty ordinary letters for the Norman, and one for Oarnareon." DnRAtOUL ACCDEsnr IN A SAw-Mcuz.--A fatal accident, of a terrible nature, occurred yesterday at the Wickham Saw-mills. A young man, nineteen years of age, named Andrew Orossley, was standing near the circular saw, which was revolving at full speed, when he was caught by the belt, thrown under the fearful instrument, and literally cut in two, the cut extending from the left shoulder down to the hip, and dividing the heart and all the intestines in such a way that the whole were left exposed. Death must have been instantaneous, but the heart was seen to throb as the poor youngfollow was picked up. Blood and pieces offlesh were scattered in all directions, and the spot presented a shocking sight immediately after the accident. The poor fellow who has been thus cut off.in his early manhood was much respected, and his loss will be severely felt by his friends. At an inquest held a verdict of accidental death was rcturned.--S. aif. Herald, May 18. The Canterbury Press (N.HZ.) mentions the death of a boy, fouryears old, at Mount Grey Downs, from profuse inslammation, arising from a seratch on the heel, cauesed by wearing a new boot. The Soutlrero Cross (N. H.) publishes a very inter easting account of the visit of the Bishop of Aucklund to the Bay of Islands. The ceremonie attending the opening of the new churches at Waimate and Ohabsewae are surrounded with circumstances creditable to the natives of the district, and exceedingly encouraging to those who have for years laboured in the misaonary w?rk there. 