GENERAL NEWS. Dr. Wilson.— Referring to the departure of Dr. WUson bom tbe District, the Mount Gavabiex Standard says :— ' We understand that . much tegre t is felt by the inhabitants of Penola at the remoyal ?'of Dr. 'Jobn Scott Wilson from that township to: Mount Barker, at which latter place he intends resum ing his profession. Dr. Wilson during hia residence in Penola had gained the confidence and esteem of aU classes of the comamnity, not only from atten tion and nrofessional abilities, but likewise from his general good nature aud social qualities. We trust the change will be to his advantage, both ma pro fessional and pecuniary sewse: but it is much to be regretted that the district did not afford scope for a gentleman of his acknowledged talent.' Sebious Accideht.~A sou of Me Yates, of Sander erove living with Mr Tucker, while using a win nowing- machine, on the 17ih, managed to get the first finger of his right hand between the cogs of the wheels, auS nearly crushed the two first joints. He was taken to Dr Ferguson, who dressed the wound, but Las since amputated the finger. Mr T P. Hul.— ^ The Australasian says t&at; tms eentleman, who is well known in this colony, assisted by Mrs. Hill, has been giving entertain ments in Melbonrne. Oar contemporary says :- ' Mrs Hill made an undoub ed success in her delivery of the humorous selections. For after the first trepidation natural to a debut had been over come, she gave herself completely up to the influ ence arising out of the scene described. Her per sonation of the respective characters of Sairey Gamp and Betsy Prig was graphic and life-like, without being in the least exaggerated. Mrs. Hill has great facial mobility and much power in the direction of vocal inflexion, and a very little practice in public, so as to discipline her powers to the requirements of varying acoustic conditions, will enable her to claim the position of being a popular favorite. Besides the selections from Dickens, she took part in some scenes from 'As you Like It' and the 'Honey- moon,' and proved herself to possess very much of that quality which help8 to success in elegant comedy. Altogether, Mrs. Hill promises to be a valuable acquisition to the limited list of those who contribute to the Intellectual enjoyment of the pablic." Accideut.— On Saturday last Mr Thomas Percy, ft . butcher, was cantering along the North: Parade when his horse put his foot on a loose stone and fell with him. Mr., Percy was considerably cut and bruised, but fortunately no boues were broken. ' Steatha-lbys Eif(.e Association. — At tha meeting of the Committee held lit the Victoria Hotel, on Saturday last, the programme for the ensuing matches was finally decided apoa and ordered to be printed and copies circulated. It was. also suggested that there would be no difficulty in \ getting up a match for a Ladies1 Cup, and the Secretary was instructed to see Mr CHalloran con cerning the matter. We ?? understand .that Mr. O'HaUoran.is moving in the matter and . that, it^is probable that tbe ladies will offer it as a prize to the highest aggregate scorer in the whole of the Ebfiold ^ and Whitwortb. matches. The STEA.THA1BYN Ghost.— ' Naturalist ' writes J to. the Register i — 'If Mr. Tregilgas can get per mission to raise tbe slab upon which he saw the female - ghost' be will find that the earth under it has sunk, leaving a space, the outline of which will be of much the same shape, as that of his ' ghost., . And if he will imagine .the. said, space to resemb'e himself, with legs and arms outstretched, and re place tbe slab carefully, pressing down the ear£h closely all round it, he may the first night there is a good fall of dew catch his own ' ghost' on top of ' it.' Doubtless very funny but we datit see~*the point. Probably Mr. Tregilgas would object to this method of raising bis own spirits. 'Northern Telegraph expedition— The following' are the names, as stated in the Register, of the. men -? selected by Mr, R. C. 'Patterson to proceed to Port' Darwin to complete the Telegraph contract. H. Angas,' labourer;, Athelstone;' Alfred Andrews, cooper and sawer. : E. Black, bootmaker, : Surfleh-street ;— Barnet, teamster, Cambelltown ;— Brooka, rough Carpenter; — Beckwith, wireworker;— Bacon, labourer* .apd~ teamster, Hope 'Valley; W Barlow, carpenter or; wireworker, Monnt Barker ; R. Baw, ' labourer, ' Cambelltown ; ? W. Baldock, . carpenter. Hauson street; C. Bagot, seaman, Gulnare; — Bamfield, labourer, North Adelaide ; J. Bye, teamster, Hope Valley; T. J. Barnett, mason :? J. Bnrrell, shoeiag smith; J. U. Butler, survey hand; W. Blnndell, ? seaman ; W. Bushby, bullock or horse driver; J: W. Bine, teamster' or labourer. — Connell, teamster, and labourer ;— Lormck, teamster and axeman, Grenfell-street ; W. A. Crow der, Engineer'6, office ; J. Colgate, ship's carpenter ; L. ConliD, shoeingsmuh; T. Coxlaboure-; VV. Car ter, bullock driver; A. Casar, Cock;— Carter Queenstown. — Dalton ; W.. Dempsey, labourer, Caobelltown. C. Kkers, saddler; & Ellis, labourer; J. Ellison, labourer and teamster. — Goodall, aiuker; P. Glacking, tesmster, and uarreymaD. Teatree Gulley ; R. GilUtreo, cook; J. Green, labourer. E. Healing labourer, AtheFstons ;— Hindes, labourer, Melbourne-street, North Acelaide; W. Hodges, labourer, Stanley- street, Nnrtt Adelaide; C. iiawsoa, jun., storekeeper or Uboirer, Ualey W. Haster, bullock driver ; 14. B. Holaee. wireman. — JoliD8on, team3-.er or labourer ; 'John Jones, wellsii.ker ; Win., Jones, labourer. E. Kinkland, bush carpenter, Norwood ; — Katos, general smith, Xinghorn ; F. Keogh, labourer, and teamster, F. Lelen, Seaman; C. Lowther, labourer; T, Largeman, Smith ; E. Lewis, labourer : — Lee, blacksmith and labourer; S. Lasar, cook and ' labourer; J. L-voms, labourer. J. McNally, labourer; G. Medlsnd, teamster; D. Melviile, wireinan ;— Mason, carpenter and etoreman ; J. Miller, boatman ; C. A. Miller, boat man ; R. li. McGee, mason or driver F. Nimmo, mason ; E. H. Newman, teamster and W. Odgers, Kent Town ; — Ockleford, woodman W. O'Conuer; D. O'K«ith, wellaiuker. J. Philips, teamster »: -1 labourer; — Privet, wire worker; — Pybue, do.; J.PowdiU^, do.; E. Potterf shoeing smith ; H. Pai«, labourer. I''. Kix, doctor; — Richards, labourer and teamster ; — Bossdi, axeman ; H. Roberts, mason; li Rilev, teamster; J. Rogers, smith and labou*er; 6. f Kichards,. F. Shaw, seaman ; W. Sclander, teamater ; — Smith, wireworker; W.Svmons, waiter or storeaian; J. Jewell, storekeeper \j. Sbeedy, labourer and teamsipr ; J. SuiDtioi, wellsinker and axeman.; Robert Smith, wireinat and jointer; T. Smith, labourer. — Thomas, groom; — Toohey, labourer;. R. Topscottt, labourer ; J. Thompson, labourer and seaman; T. Tibby, labourer and tentmaker; J. Troubridge, bullock-driver. —Welch, labourer; H. Williams* Athelstaue; — Withrick, axeman; J. White, vheelrigbt; 3. Wood, carpenter and teamater ; H. IV'aiiertj tent maker. . , Imsdbasce *op Eivjee-boese Goods. — We under stand the insurance .Companies have yielded to a certain extent to the remonstrances of the' steamboat owners as regards allowing the steamers to take only :- on 3 barge at a tiute, and that it will be left to the-; discretion of Captain Dale the Nautical Surveyor to permit two or 'three 'Barges, according to the capacity of the vessel, to be tak*n as far as the Murrumbidgee) * Junction. ? - ?? The Caops.-^We regret to hear that the recent northerly gales have done a large amount of damage . : to the crops on tbe plains, especially on the lighter . description of soil. In several places _ many acrpa have Leen rooted dp by' the wind aud in other places buried by the sand; the hot blast has also seriously iDJured tbe growing crops in other places. New Road to the Cemetebf. — From an adver tisement in another column it will be seen that tbe Council have resolved to call a meeting of the Bqi gesses to consider the advisability of ' making a flew ' road to the Cemetery, and undertaking other works in .connection with the same locality. It is to b hoped that there will be a large attendance, as the works proposed are much wanted, and it is highly' ) desirable that in carrying out works of .any magni tude the Council should be backed up by the ex pression of opinion of the ratepayers. Rev. W. Ii BiNK3.~We notice that the Rev. W.., L. Binks is announced lo preaett in the Wisloyau Chapel, Strathalbyn, on next Sunday both 'morniog and evening, Pdbucatiok8 Regeiveo. — We have to acknow ledge' with thanks receipt of three pamphlets eman ating' from the Chamber _cf .Manufactures on ' Wine growing in South Au8tra!i*1M-y.MriW. Ib^^^kk ,' TfaeiGrowta^ ISlk, aMffiB pi'a-cti^VroapageinenS,^ of the silkworm in 'tid'uth Anstralta;' 'by Mr. 'uff '' Francis, and' on ' Flax Cultivation,' by Mr. 8. V. Pizey. - We need hardly say they are all well worthy . of perusal, and we shall be, happy to lend them to any of our readers who take an interest in the sub-' jects. Accideht. — An accident of a rather .serious char- . aoter occurred to John McNamara, of Parls's Creek, on tbe 9th inst. He bad been to the North, *nd while out riding had sustained a severe accident by falling from his horse .on to his head, causing blood to flow from his nose and right ear, tendering him insensible for some time. He managed to arrjre home, but found rather serious symptoms devejrc? themselves. On the 16th, when Dr Ferguson was sent for, he found he had received considerable in- . jury to the inside of his bead. He is progressing as favorably as can be expected. Nokthebh Tereitoby Specimens. — By the Gulnare the Museum of the South Austrlian Institute re ceived eleven bottles containing fine specimens of. Northern Territory snakes, reptiles, and other objects of interest, preserved iu spirits, from Sub-Inspector Foelsehe. Mr. Stapleton also kindly forwarded the only specimen of the Pcepbila mirabilis, or beautiful grassancb. whicn Has Deen seen mere. «» uno was shot by him on the Roper. This bird — tbe ? loveliest of the finch- tribe — is thus described By Gould : —Crown of the head and cheeks of a beautiful carmine; bounded posteriorly by a narrow .line of;: black ; throat black ; to this; succeeds a band of paie . bine; narrow on the throat and broad at the back of the neck ; breast crossed by a broad band of lil^p, separated from the yellow of the 'abdomen by anar row line of orange; rump and upper tail coverts pale blue ; quills brown; tail bUck ; bill fleshy win e .- becoming red at the tip; feet flesh colour.'— Register. .. ^- Auction Sam.— We beg to call the spetfaJ attention of our readers to tbe sale by Messrs. P-l' tridge and Cornelius of. all the real and persona^ , effects of Mr. James Close, on the premises, on, ? Tuesday, 25th July, at 12 o'clock. Aocrorar.'-On Sunday last as Mr Meamuir, of Strathalbyn was driving firom the Meadows to Mac clesneld, accompanied by Mr G. Lambert and Mr B. FothergQL tbe trap came in eontact with a stamp, up Betting the trap, breaking the shafts, and causing other damage. The shafts having been temporarily xenaired Mr Menmuir again started by himself, bat in going down a bill the trap coming on the haunches of fiie horse caused it to commence to kick, ajton which the driver jumped oat, and the horse started off on its own account, until brought up by some opposing obstacles, which occasioned a complete smash. The only one injured was Mr Lambert, who sustained . a severe contusion on the head, and had to call in the services of Dr. Ferguson. Photogsapht.— We notice that Mr. H. Prosser , tfH?gh Streets erected a convenient photographic ioomvfc the back tf the premises, he has recently t»k^|KlMasibttt)i, opposite the Commercial Hotel, ifiSfs tarmng but some photographs in capital «tyl#iocluding several picturesque views of the ^Tofnsa^. ? ' - - - ' ' BuaeuuttY.— On Wednesday, the t2th instant, two boys named Arthur and Walter Barrett were brought before the Goolwa Bench charged with i ~ breaking Into the house of Daniel Manning, and stealing, saucepan, bucket, frying pan, pannican, and a quantity of flour. Arthur Barrett was dis* charged with a caution, and Walter, the younger one, aged about Hi years, was, sentenced to one \- month's imprisonment, and to be kept at the reform atory until lie was 14 years old. A full report of tin case will be found in another column. Dra.t Acctdbbt. — An accident occurred to John Jamieson, of Boll's Creek, on the 14tb. He was coming down with his team at the back of the Flag staff H21 load, when his dray upset against a stump by the side of the mad on to him. Fortunately the dray was prevented from coming into immediate contact with him by its side foiling into a portion of the road. Dr Ferguson who saw him found he had received a severe shaking, which will prevent him from working for some days. 