THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. .Tub City" Council — The members of tho Corporation wore ongaged aH this morning in heai'ng appeals against valuation ! of pro perty. A largo number were disposed of. xne quarterly- meoc'ig vanes place to morrow. ; 1 Water Supply.— Mr. M'Gregorj M.P., introduced to the hon. the Master of Mines, this morrV, tho secretary . of the shiro counc;l of W arongo, and a rate payor of the samo sbiro, who asked the Minister that tho said shire might be crcd'tcd with a portion of tho amount to be d<Btribnted:'-v connection with tho water supply of the colony. Mr.i Mackay saiiL a bi'l wonld- bo introducod shortly for tho propose of provid'ng for tho districts generally, p-id tho sh'ro of ffarengo would not be overlooked. Burglary.— On Fuday n'gbt Mr. Hall, of.the A"i»uoa;Irsaranco Cimpany, found a man concealed rmidor the ; bed of one of bis cb!'dron, evidently for bnrglarlous purposes. Ho at once altemptol to capture tho inter loper, when a desperate Btiugglo ensued, which ended in Mr, Hall's face being severely bruked. Ho, bowovor, staok to his quarry, andi held the scoundrel down for' about three quaitcis of an hour, until tho 'police man arrived. The man's name was Hoolan. Tho constable at once convoyed him' to the lookup; . ; V- ' ; _ An Unknown "Witness Wanted.— Somo little' amusement was caused in the Fitz.oy police office this morning, by the oflorts made to secure the appearance of some person from the Registrar-General's office, who' was ox- peotcd to attend to provo tho registration bf a bill of sale. Wnen tho oaso was called on in 'which tho individual was required, bo was not to be found in court. Sergeant : O'Brien directed ono of his men to call " tho young man irom tno necistrar-uonerai s office", outside tho building ; but Mr. Edwards remarked that "thoindividualmight bo an old man !" . "The young man from tho -Regis trar-General's offico" was called outside tho court tho orthodox three times, by a con stable owning a stentorian voice, but no res ponse was rcccivedl The clerk of tho bench suggested that " Hohry Archer, Registrar- General," should bo called, and tho order was lustily obeyed by tho samo powerful- voicod officer, but with tho samo result as before. The caso was ultimately adjourned, but before the rising of the court tho Govern ment official arrived, and proved to bo a very, "young man," thus realising tho instiuct of tho worthy sergeant. Inquests : at the Yarua Bend.— Mr! ui;iU/au.4UljUUOUUU bUU ' A itlTU JJcUU,- :on the 5th inst, .on the body of Thomas Bate, an inmate, ago ;1 07 years. The decease 1 was admitted" on ' the lOch of February last, suffering from chronic disease of tho brain. He was a very feeble old man, and on the 5th of April lo?' was transferred to tho hospital, where ho gradil&iiv; sank till ho died, on tho \- 3rd but Ho had "dysentery for some days before his (loath, an abscess on tho right side of thb face, and erysipelas of a low typo on tho left cheek. Ho was well attended to. A verdict-was returned that death, resulted from, disease of tbp brain and dysentery. A second inquest' was held by Mi1. Candler, at tho Yarra Bend, on tbo 5th inst., oh tlio body Of Edward Johnston, an Inmate, aged 60 years. Tbe deceased was admitted on 21st November, 1862. In 1807 ho was able to go about, but suffered from heart disease, leading to occasional attacks of asthma. His strength gradually gave way and dropsy sot in, and on tho Gth of 'April last ho was sent into tbo hospital, whero ho remained till his doatb, which took placo on the night of the 4th imt. All necessary attendance and me dical comforts were provided for him. , Tho jury roturnedi a verdict that the deceased died from disease of tho hoart and liver. Gaol Statistics.— Tho following is tho state of II. M. Gaol; Melhourao, for the week ending Gth May, 1871 For trial : Supremo Court,. 11 males, 3 females ; on re- jnand: 8 males, G' females. Under sentonco : roau ""iSV.; 3 males ; hard labor, 221 males, 163 fomalos"; imprisonment; G4 males, 19 females; lunatic," 1 fciiljl® ; iu default of boil, 14 males, 5-females ; debfoi?; 2 males. Total,. 323 nia!,es, 197 females, 'fotal, Received during tho week, G8 males, 2i females. Discharged during tho week, G2 males, 29 females. Removed to Pentridge, 4G males. The Fhheriien and the Market Dues. — A mooting of fishermen was hold on Sat urday oveuing, at the Pier-hotol, Sandridgo, Mr. Thomas, M.L A., iu tbo chair, i t.-ko into consideration tho ox-. — ive cb-.vgoi .mado for.sbl'i'ig in, tho 6 <h market. Tuoro was a pretty-largo attendance. Mr. Mont'.- play, who.nota:l as sp6keir->Ti on b?Mf of his fellow fh ho) J, raid that Ibc uuej at pro- t ont charge 1 were— for fiab, 3 1 por bn .'kvt not oxtccc-ing two cubic foot : a penny for cvory pa'rof rabbits ; a half-f enny for ovory :ps>r -pf. birds; pixrenca p-jr-bu'ih"1-- or clout, a shil'ing a bag, tor oy3teis ; "rind"! wopJ'm s a dozen for crayfwh and c-als. Ho moved — "That the priaant c'""Tr -. on fi«h nnd other 'in wbles t did at" th«fl«U'''Yitf.b;SrS"Asr,7,, ive, rid . that ,-tho fol'ow >sg sclo is a fai-a- ul rcfsnnbls one, i"\moly:„.F'h, , onepenuy por basket; rabbit, ,onq;iv?uuy per, dozen pair; l.-'rds, h-'q -My "pj£: dozen pfr ; oyster?, t.vcp jnco porqbag ;" "oray fish' afuV orab", ono pjouy t er "dozen " Mr. Bay r.aondct ilio jivd on, wlynb \vm cn'rivl unanimously. .'It w:u r.j. :" 1 that a petit! bis fi'ould 1 l pie nnti d io tboCity .Council on tho subjoct, and a c-' r-nh'l i-w.n appointed for t-be purpo'?. Old-Friends. — It is a rather cutlous cir- oumstonco that the three last police cergeawts in charge of Pinhran d'striot havo been : namrd respcctively Smtib, Brow j am .Tones, If thero be an officor namcd 11 Vbiuson iu the 1\. _ 1. - J i-1. _ L l.- .—Ml 1. 1 . i. . J 10IC3) lv 10 U9 uOp« dlUdlf XiVJ \V XI L UU DC I «uU\l as successor to tbo present sergeant, when- : ever the lalhr's tovm of office may expiro. Interesting to Publicans. — On Thursday lest J. A. MtLaugliFn, landlord of tbo R-:n- lowhots1, Chapel-street, Prabrnn, was fined £5 for Sunday trading, rid £2 for rllowing cards to boplayodonhis licensed premises on tho samo day. Atthalocsl police-officete-day, Mr. Scott, co'mitor, applied, on bohnff of Mr. M'Laughl'u that execution on account of tho day noxt, rs an application was about t ) be mado to tho Supromo Court for a prohi bition, on the fo" owing grounds : -1.- That cards was not a game intended to bo prohibited by- the section of tbo Act under which tho proceedings wore taken. 2. That tho ovidcueo of the infoimor ought to havo b"en corroborated. 3. That ns it was deposed by tbe prosecution, that tbo cards wore given to the parties who played by Mrs". M'Langblin, tlio defendant was not responsible for tho act of h's wife.' 4. That only ono magistrate adjudicated, ninsmuob as the other justico (Mr. Carter) was ino'i- giblo to sit on tbo case, bo boing personally interested. The application was granted. A nejvsrafrr in the Police Court. — At the rrahrnu p.llica cffico this inorr'sg W. S. Weastueat, propilet.sr of a local publi cation called tho Advocate, was summoned by Sorgdant BrowJ for neglecting to enter iuto tho usual rccogu'senci roquirodof notvs- paper proprietors Dy tuo law. ine jiavocaie was staiied a' ciuplo of months smco for circulation in Prabrnn, St. :Kilda, and tbo neighboring localities, and consists of a email smgle slit )t. It is- ebioily intended as an advoitising medium, and it is stated that 2003 copies aro distribute 1 weekly gratis. ' Dr. Maokay nppc'nved fori tho do- fence, and contended that tho pro;ec.lings should havo beon iuitiatsd.by tho law officers of tho Crown, and notby apolics sergeant. Tho bench upheld this view, and dieurssid tho case. Richmond Extension ' and Sale op Land;: — Up to tbo timo we left tho. ground, Mr. Stubbs, the auctioneer, was;- disposing of tho" allotments with considerable rapidity and at very excellent prices." . i ' Lecture. — Ths everiog, tho Rev. J. ,W. Inglir, of Ballarat, wi'l deliver a lecture u John Kuox Cmirob, Swanston-slrtst, tho subject of tbb' loeturo boing, A koy -to' histoiy." The Rev. gentloman has gained considerable popularity as a lr cturcrj so that a largo attendance may bo looked for. The Princes3 Opera IIou.se. — Tho : H Grand Duchess of Gerolstein," nud the in cantation rsene from "Dor Freisohutz," c'onoluded the. opera season at tho Puncrss Thoatro on Saturday cvouing. T'ho opera never went better, and was received with cousidorablo favor. To-night "tho Japs." open for a week. . The Theatre Royal. — Mr. J. B. Howe inado his bow as Shyloek on Saturday oven- iug at this theatro. Tho porfoi.nsuco ivo », taking it altogether, avoiy lino del'uealion of tho.Jowi; but wo do not think it'onef Mr. Howe's h:st efforl s. It may improve, how- over, upon repetition. " Nicholas Nidlcleby " was also ployed, bat thoro wasn'ohango in tho cast, Mr. Rogers taking the pnio of Squeais, - in consequent of Mr. Coppiu's illho -s. To night the " Star Cbamb-r" is to bo jdayed. Haymarket Thpatre. Tuo rbin of Satur day night did not doter' a'large. number of persons irom Dengprcsenc at tue naymaritot Theatro, and tho chango in the programme gave'tho greatest sstistaolion. Amongst the additions to tho' enleitninment, was the " Ghost iu a Pawn Shop " — a raoy and clever provooativo of mirthful ties?. Mr. Fouilla lo's violin solo was as delightful ah over, and was boisterously redomanded ; in fact, on- eorei woro the order of the oven-ng, every thing being so vefy "good that tbo audience- was greedy, and wanted a fuuher supply, which the public is reminded can be bad tj- night., - - . - — ' The Horseley Concert. — AYo notice in our ndyortising columus, that a full rehearsal for band, principals, and chorus for Mr. -Horseloy's farewell concert, will bo held in tKe Town-hall this evening, .at 8 o'clook, and tbo punotual nttendonco of nil concerned is requested. The published, programme exhi bits an array of professional talent seldom, if over, combined together to do honor to. a brothor artist, and if tbo public respond to the invitation to partakoof tbe artistic feast provided, a result may be oxpectcd (which will be most satisfaotoiy to Mr. Horsloy, as E roving tho high estimation iu which ho and is worlcB aro held ainongst us. - . Concert, — A grand vocal and instru mental concoi t is to lie givon at the St. Ifilda Town-hall this . evening,: by Madamo Fanuy SimonseD, who will, bo assisted by somo raro talent, including Mr. Simonscn, Mr. H. ICng, Mr. Farley, and Miss Easdown — a combmation of such'oxcel- leneo that tho hall should, -and probably . will, bo crowded. Eight o'olock is tho hour at which tbo entertainment is announced to commence. 