MTERATURE. . -i.' . .;7GTRri e.. \ f j A STORY OF AUSTRAtfliAlT liM. ! rij-niK"-1 ' : 1 ' _ ' ' v , ur — l1 : — ; iVi j Chapter yiL— Gbu Prommmto EE Honest. fboHTiinrEb.) "Tint's dbne me good," - said Milly, when the men were gone, taking her baby to the five. Grif started to his feet. " Thank you, Milly," he said. " 111 tell Ally how you stood up for her. wDpn't you. do anything of the sort," said lGRyr .whbt how her passion was over, was crying. fr It isn't fit that my name should be mentioned to her. She's a good woman." "Andeo are you, Milly," said Grif, inwardly struggling with his doubts. "I'm not, nor rer shall be. That watch" (pointing to it) " wiae hers, I, suppose." "I s'pose so. I'rieter sorit." MiHy.jtobk it in "her hand and opened the MB8 " Here her name," she said. " Alios Hand- field. And here's a motto: Hope, Faith, and Lore. xAnd she gave it back to her husband, because > they were hard up, perhaps, and Jim bought it: pf him with a forged note. , Oh, my God ! Vi Whsit web of wickedness and good ness !" " I must go," cried Grif, " I must go and tell fhem-I must go and put Ally up' toit." " tfp to what!" exalaimcd Milly, alight-break ing upon her. "Upto the forged notel You'll Sand tell her that you heard Jim say he paid r the watch with a forged note ? And her hoeband'll haveT Jun; took up, aud you'll be witaess aifcrat hini 1" She glided swiftly, tp the door, J and turning the. -. key, put it in her pocket. " What do you do that for ?" Asked Grif. " I musi go, Milly. I'll break open the,, door." " No; you won't," mid Milly, taking fast hold of him. " You shan't get Jim into trouble. He's been kind to 'me, though be ; is, ,a man, and you shan't peach upon bira." " Let me go, Milly," cried Grif, jgentiy strug- >. igo £ ! Jim> WmW in,'' febe Said, mil retaining her hqld of him," " and then — :Good God 1" she cried, in a voice of despair and horror. "Then, he'll kill you I" ( - The conflict of thought was too touch for her. She relaxed her hold, and Grif flew to the door, and broke frR Inch. — Then -he looked bade. Milly ha fallen to ,tire;floqr,/aud was sobbing opiyisyely. . Her babywasly ingtoy htorj side. ' : .. Grif went to hpr and raised her, " Milly /' h£, paid, don't take on;po. I won't hurt you or Jim. JBqtjl must be true to Ally. If I eouldn'tbe, Pd jgOiand drown myself. I couldn't live, and not be far<up to her. . She said I was her friend, . and 1 ewore that I'd .be so till I die ! And I will be, till I die — and I'd like to die for her, for ehe'«-a-goed woman, MiHy !" "She is — she is," groaned Milly ; "and I'm a bad and wicked one." . " You're not, Millyou're not," said Grif, em phatically. " You'reiigbod, but another sort of good ! See what yotrve done for Little Peter to- night," apg. h?l???ddieyhand ; " see whetyonW. done forme many and many $ timjndf ep how/ you <teod«VorJ,rAlly jist now.bAthough bvery word you said ws aginy ours elf !" he- kissed her" hand agaft.- "Yen can't be bad ibd widked ! And I W0t>&hurt.;$ouj,ind I won't hurt Jim; because of ywiJ i j WOn't, ; you may beHeve me If I'll tell. Ally that her husband must go a«f#y to-" night. He agoln Away'— I heejrd him' say so —-and perhaps he p gqift ' already.' I won't tell hsr about the forged jaoteu I'll say that I heerd a plot, c end- J lron't tell ,her what it is. She'll4 believe me, Iknow she wilL , And so I shall do her godi ; and l shan't do you any harm!" ,/ , - Grif tofts wocdi ' brpughti. to his raina the remembrance of Mill'y- unselfish' kindneBB, the conviction that it -would be wicked to harm h error wound bfr feetipgs, grew stfpnger and stronger. " God bless ydtt Said Milly. "nr- Truly, Grif was Entirely unhappy or for saken rrrTbcbltoBiugaien frpm:Miliyv feiltupaao ' hisbeart hk»<de npbnwpartoed field;." — " " Ah, if you sor Ally !" Grif contintibd.' "Vl" if' 1 you knew her ! You wouIdHTwonder at me ihen lor say in' Inl likeAo diemr herf Why, do you know what ; ;).g«ibiB«rd her refuse to go where she wpuld hpYe everything she could set her heart" ifton. ' T haye heerd, her., lots (n women would) think was. and r because be means to Atop goodrif she dies for it I ! She'd makeycugobd, MiHy !" _ Milly looked -at him and laughed hysterically. " MrIta me. good !" she exclaimed, half-de- fisntiy. ' ' She couldn't, she couldn't ! It's too late for that." Then, as Grif rose to go, she said, " You won't say anything abont the forged note ?" "No, Milly. Take care of poor Little Peter. If ever I can do you a good turn, I'll do it — you mind if I don't !" He went to the bed where Little Peter was sleeping. The lad was lying on/his sidftJto|MMr flushed, with his lips were struggling to find eiftfesBidiMgplSrif: placed his hand tenderly upon Peter rcheSu an d jthen yit onttoLthe housag Aiiplodging he up anmth a aettt.%urpose, whiohAave tewto opeo w»e dpor. Hud ilfind wire werlmnding, lcbkihg into each btlmr's 'jgrales. lnidMjlordsL h-;,cvidenl| ibeen ex-j itiaxi dawnbf a good and strong jiurpoBe upon his fece, she encouraging him with hopeful, loving speech. A blanket, rolled up, gold-digger fashion, was upon the ground. Grif walked swiftly towards them and asked abruptly — that with startled looWthey asked for ms mean- '1 tohTI:you,l&epin; tone; " I'm under a promisecnot tojll. you mwt go away to-night." '' V . — nWn wprf no w> Gn£«att3<Jlioep 'Vwhefcher it would not be better for him td pi in, the morning;" ' ' " Make up your mind at once,", said Gri, look- ,ing irou&cl; as ijf he were fearM of being overheard, that it won't do to wait here any longer. I've ovepheetJ eomethm',' Ally, and. I'm, bbnnd down pbt.tb tell/ If you step till to-morrow, somethin' dreadful'U happen." - ; 1 . " Richard, you must go," said, Alice, with gathering alarm, for Grif 'a impressivenaw was fillingher with fearful forebodings- " You must go, and at once." ;I " But why ?" asked Richard, fretfully, and re- garding Grif aa jf he jgflrc anytiaing-bufe-ft- friend. " Why must I go ? Why can't he tell what he knows? What difference will a few hours make?" "All the difference," said Grif; "in a few hours perhaps you won't bp able to go at all \- ; '<HMli-,lia1ibfe&1 Mce/ftigerty: " UnlesB it's in company with Jim Pizey and the Tenderhearted Oysterman. Theyve set a,: trap for you that you won't be able to get ent of, if yon refuse to 'join 'em. - Don't tok me again to teU you what I've., overheerd, for I can't — I mustn't— I daren't 1 I've run all the way here to tell you that there's more and more danger every minute you stop. It'll be all the better for yoa to go away in the datk." Weak natures like Richard Hand field's are easily impressed, and more easily impressed with : fear, which springs from selfishness, than with any other feeling. Almost without knowing what 1 he was doing, Richard proceeded to sling the blanket round his shoulder. Alice's eager fingers assisted him. " Grif is right, dearest," she said, " Fm. sure he is. His looks are against him, but he is a faithful friend." Grif nodded his head, and his eyes brightened. " After all, it is but a few hours more. They would soon be past. Bless you, darling ! bless you, Richard !" She kissed him again and again, and clung to him, and' broke away from him, choosing rather to endure the pain springing from repressed tenderness, than do aught, in word or deed, to weaken him ia his purpose. " Yes, I will go," he said, in a decided tone, and having made up his mind, he took Alice in his arms and held her to him. While thus, they clung together, she whispered — " Be strong and firm, Richard dear !" " I will, dearest and best," he said, as with passionate love clinging he held the., good and faithful woman tp his breast. " If the thought that I am true to you, darling — that I am yours in life, and afterwards-— that I would share a crust with yon and be happy if you were happy — if that thought will strengthen' and comfort you, Richard, take it with you, keep if in your mind, for, oh ! it is true, my darling, it is true!" . " I know it, Alice, I know it." " I shall bless you and pray for you every 'day. Until we are together again, my cyeB can never elose without thinking of you. , See, Richard, I am not crying." She put his hand to her eyes, which were hot but tearless. "lean send yrou away with gladness, for it is the beginning of a better time. Though I feel that it is hard to part with you, I can Bay cheerfully, Go, my dear,' for I know that your going is foi the good of both, ofus. Write to me often, and tell ihe how and where to write to you. Good: bye, good-bye— Heaven bless and preserve you !" . ,,r And she Jtfoke from him, and then, meeting his eyes, a look of electric love brought them to gether again, and once more their artto' 'were twlnCd about eaeh: other's neck. Then f He glided from bis embrace, and sank upon the stohl. Richard walked slowly out ofthe rcom, his beart filledjWith love and tenderness, his eyes seekingtihe ground. It was hitter, to part. Even in the agony of separation he found time to murmtir at the hardness of his lot, which tore him- away1 from . the ' woman, who , was ; to him as & sain t. - As he " walked down the stairs; his foot kicked against something. Hec stooped and picked it up.' A stone heart ! Indeed, Little Peter's stone heart, which Grif had dropped without knowing , jit. Richard's nature was superstitious, The sjbape of the stone was comforting to him. A heart ! It was a good omen. He put it carefully in his pocket, and was about to close the strect door, wlfen ah uncontrollable impulse urged him to look again upon Alice's face, l He ran xip the stairs into the room. Alice was still sitting updh, ihe stool, her head1 ahd arms were resting upon the table ; apd she sas convulsed with outward cvideneeB of a grief she had no longer any motive to conceal. ; . , He spake no word, but kneeling before her, bowed bis head in her lap, to child might rhavTB doq&J; She lobkea&t; hlm through her tears, and plaped her hands upon his head » in that ; action were blended the tender ncs9 of a mother ft) her /child ahd a wi to herRpsM4 lip j they ftssed donee more; toSemnly, andh»Went out pf.the honee with1 hettors wards the country where was hidden the gbld wbrch bad tempted tbousandrto break iiphappy homes and sever fond t|$s of affoctioti, the picture -pf Ahtomourning/ftrhiffiand Grif quietandsad in the background, was i very vivid to his mi No fprewkrning of the'1 manner of heir , neit meeting was upon him ; if it had beep, he would have taken GriFs hand, and kissed 'ib hnmbly, penitently, instead of parting fobft him wifchoht a farewell nod, , . < > r- Left alone with Alice, Grif, with a delioacy of feeling which was in keeping with his general cha racter, was about to retire, when Alioe, in a voice broken by emotion, ,said-TT " Do not go tow abmKiute|or two, Grif. I want to speak toy oH €irif gave a nod of aoquiesoenoe, and sat upon HSoor patiently. esently Alice dried her eyes and beckonBR hlm to come closer to her. 8H fe Grif," she said, in a sweet voice. A',- Why aflR Ofi-hot honest ?" J: - K -'Now, Grif knew perfectly wbU thei lrahmg » honesty — that is to say, he knew the hitobing the word literally. To be holiest, onjnusfc n< -toko what belongs to other people. he wsjp not honest ; he had often token jdid' belong to him. But he was riCt a Atotematifrf thief ; what he had stolen he fiOstolefoom 1 necessity. And he had nei|ra|P|miing I but food, and then only wheh hungto snirply v pressed him. The thought flew swiftly to his ( mind that if he had not taken food when he, :8$!S3 WISetl Jre not. Little as he knew about it, he was sure he inust iiave starv ed if hehacTnot taken, what J>pz, 4pgedftd)qtir peojir/.i.hnfit wraWt wrong to steal. ' GriFs mind_jwaa_essentially- ogroai-to-mayhe toen5'dm''th1e prqc oi \- thodgjlt whiGh dCcdpred it i directly Mter f Mice asked him the question. r. .And yet if hewer e right, Alice wto wrong. ' Could ; she ; be wrong ? Could the woman who was to him the perfection , . of women, the embodiment of all that was pure' and noble— fcbuld Bhb be wrong ? Hfere came the doubt whether it would not have been the proper thing to have starved, and not stoleftf " There'A have been an end 6f it, it all events," < he muttered to himself, when his musings reached this point. After which he grew perplexed, and the logical sequence of his thoughts became en tangled. He did not blame Alioe for asking the question; but, for all that, he bit his lip and looked imploringly at her. ' "You'have been so good a friend to me and Richard," she said, " that it pains me to see you aB you are. ,1 ; wWld like to see you better, tor your sakeandfor mine; Grif." " I never know'd howlo be honest, Ally," he Bald.,, Then he thought of' Milly's wordB to him : that .night, " If I knew how to be good," she . had said, " I think I would be. But I don't know how." That was just the case with him. He did not . know how' to be honest. And yet he had told Milly that < Alice could make her good. Per- : haps Alice .could make him honest. Not that he cared particularly about being honesty but he would like to please Alice. " I don't want not to be honest," he said; " all I wants is my grab and a blanket." " And those, Grif," she said, gently, yet firmly " you can earn if you like." " Can I ? I'd like to know how, Ally ?" ' " You must work for them." " Yes, that's all right. I'm willin' enough to feprh- I d go out this minute to work, if I had it to do. But I couldn't get no work — a pore beggar like, me ! I don't know nothin', that's one thing. Andrthen if I get a 'orse to mind, thepeelers take it from me and tell me to cut off. I tried to git papers to-Sell, and I did one day ; but some of the other hoys told the paper man I was a thief, and when v I went for more papers the next monun he wouldn't give Wte meHl've got a preoio Us bad ; oh ar acter,r Ally; there's no mistak about that ; and I've been to quod a good many times. I caii't1 look a peeler in the face, upon my soul I can't !" Grif did : not make this last remark in a hu morous manner ; , he made it reflectively. It really was a fact,qhd he stated it seriously. " But Alice was not, convinced, i " You're willing tp work," she said. " Yes, I'm willin' enough." " Every one pan get work if he likes, and if he tries." Grif looked dubious. His knowledge of the world wiis Bupierior to hers. He had battled with it and fought with it since he was a baby. " She don't know what a bad lot We arp/' he thought. But he was sincerely desirous to please her. "What do you want me to do, idly ?" he psked. 1 . ; " I want you to give me a promise to lie honest, Grif," she said, earnestly, : " I'll dp it, " be replied, withbht j a momeBt's hesitation; And then be. added: seriously, for he.felt hecwasrundertaking a great responsibility, f'l'll be honest; Ally, whatever comes . of iti" r | " And if eyer you want . any thing tp Aati and panVearn it, Grif, you will cepae to me." i i -t ; " Yes, I'll come to yob, Ally," he said, almost Crying, for he lmeW how poor she was,. . r j " Sujipdsihg now, to-morrow morning you go mto all the shops and ask if they want an errand ; poy. That does not-' , require any learning, Grif.4'; I " No, I conld do that all right1; I can run fast, too. Batyoti'll See, Ally; it'll bp no go." ! "r5T<>hlFj,-0-yodriot ?rt' I'U try, Ally." - V This is the last night I shall bebere. I am oing to other loflngv tp-morrow, apd shall re- i aMn' toefE btatil my husband ' writes for me. Per:, l 1 apaliH will Wrjfa a to joto nn gings ; if he does, And you fail in getting work, you shall come with meGrif." !- He stood before her, mute And grateful. She Wrote an address on a. piece of .paper. " This is where lam gpihg to live," alto said, giving it to him., ,He took it, and eseiog that «he' was weary, - i££&r; gbdd night. f ' ' 1 " Gooc night, Grif, my good boy. I am very grateful for the service you have done us this i " You've got no call to be grateful to me, Ally," eidGrifj, ; " Only jet me be your friend, as. you siid I was, and 1 don't want no more." i Outside toe door, Grif considered Where he should sleepy - Hp did not care to go tp the barrel, foritiwpuld be so lonely there without Little Ieter. It had been Gri|L's chronic condition, before tcrok ppsseSBipti pf lhe parrel, never to know ftihb ipotoing wberebe was going to sleep at night. - It all dended upon where he found himselLwhn he mad up hlB fnnd. to , to r?;apqiftfrtbere waa aeellar tp tbe bouse, empty packin'-cai© eotaewhers about ; I remember seein it.'1 Gfil here it ir j js hardly long enough, bUt lbap onme myself upr;" thus soliloquisibg, hp crept into it. "Now then," he. said, as he " thatV warm and: pCmfortahle, . Ihht is. It'-d be warmer/f hdugh, if I hadr %ugh here, or Little Peter. . itbe jolly f Pm honest noW,':' he thought, recurring to his promise, as he' closed his eyes, " I'm honest now, that's what I am. I ain't a-goin' to erib no more pies or trotters. It's a rum go, and no mistake !" And Grif fell asleep, and dreamt that all the pies and trotters he had pilfered were transformed into little hobgoblins, and were holding a jubilee because he tobi turned honest ! /Chapter VI&\Grif is set up in Life as a I I ||fefoAT, Shoeblack. 1 1 Grif, ptthouM&ut; a poand humble member 'The vtoreumstebvdpnibh had pkL; him upon the lowest ofpQcial laddhd beinggrovd- Hfid wtalways prow'g about, like a I hungry dog searching for a bone. Being gregari ously inclined, be was to be depended upon as an item in a mob. The object of a gathering of people was not a thing to be considered — politics, nne«mJrAto the ntrmbefr, -from Bfteerrbrce of habit. Thus, he was a passive auditor of street preachers of e«vu! tangling quite still, with his mouth open and his FhanQsxn msipbicketB, er where his pockets ought the orators, who spoke at him, and scoffed at him,i and humbled him, and hiu-l apathemas at his head, aB reniSag , a Cc3aas Ssely devoid of godUnesittlfMiiAl nature, and l-ok f his ccmntoimncb. . , Th toTaJnim-toepeut if he wished to nC saved - .from damnation ; and they prayed for him and wept - for him bo earnestly, that sometimes he experienced a dull wonder that the earth , did hot open and swallow him, he felt so utterly and thoroughly had. To toe political orators who were in the habit of " stumping-it" in the Market-square he was not of much importance. ci The People" in the aggregate was what the= stump politicians gnashed their teeth at and wept over;, ahji it was remarkable to observe with, what complacency the People listened to 'these, bemoanings. i < ' ' . „ ; s ; At the petriod during which : Grif played his insignificant part in the history of the'gold- colony, working-men-politicians were in great force, and night after night the Market-square would be thronged with an auditory not unwilling to be amused by listening to the outpourings of half- crazy or wholly-knavish demagogues, who had either gone mad over " the people's wrongs," or were working to get into the Parliament, where they could make " pickings" for themselves. Many a red-hot radical who could not get an audience in Great Britain, and who had, emigrated to what he thought was to be " the people's paradise" bete was listened to, and laughed at-, aud applauded, and — did no harm after all. Grif did not understand what it all meant." He heard a great deal about the ground-down people, the crushed people, the poor starving people, upon whose substance the oligarchs were fattening ; but all he could make out was that things were wrong altogether, a conclusion which precisely tallied with hiBown experience. But he,, for one, ..bore his lot uncomplainingly, and, with an unconscioas exercise of philosophy, walked in the gutters (not feeling Himself good" enough to indulge in the pavement) without a .murmur. Grif did -not object to gutters.; " he had formed their acquain tance. in his earliest infancy, and time, and associ ation had. almost endeared them to him; 1 Every thing in the world is comparative ; pleasure, pain, success, disappointment, act in different ways upon different people : the effect depends upon constitution and education. So, dirt and cleanli ness are diffetently regarded by different classes of Bociety. ; To a well- regulated mind the spectacle of Grif walking ! n a narrow street, .add picking his steps carefully along the gutter, would liave caused a sensation of wondering disgust.; , and a pair of well-polished Wellington boots might naturally haVe bbjeoted to come tofo cqnfcact with the dirty broken hluchers in which GriFs feet slip- slopped <»nfc?ny ®ufc» ft the eyes of Grif, dirty boots" were nQ disgrace; be felt not the shame of them; From toe moment be came into possession ;of a eecbnd-hand pair (he hiad:nevor known the respectable blisf of a new tight-fitting boot, press- jing <m rconror bunion), they weredtegged doWn to hfs myn levels ahd forfeited their ppeition jn isbciety. " They mayhave been occasionaUy scraped, but they were nev&r; -polished ; and so they .lost, their teSpecftbft and became degraY#! idegtod4» ! r seaia® aud eolto warnqafim intfy with mud and dirt, until ' they gate Up tnte ghost in toe "boot World, and trod the earth ho e ..«. . . ' <.t> lit taw . , . , more- - . -- ' -- .It pilght he gathered from GriFs mutterin|s, as ho waited Morig the Streets the day" after1 he Had giveh AHeb the promise to be honest, that his inind was disturbed "'She's right, o' course she, is," he said, "T know that well enough; but what was I to' 'do ? I know it'll be no go my trying He must be ' a precious green ;oove who'd have anythin to-do with me!" and he -looked down upon his boots, not with disgust, but with distrust and stepped out of toe gutter onto the pavement. « I nevefc wanted tor steal ; I only Wanted-my grub 1 and a Banket. Of any swell'd have given em , to me, it'd have been all right. But i toey ain't; a bit of use to-Huy one, aih't the swells. I'ye gbt to try to get ai billet as a errand boy. ' AU"right. It ain't a bit of good, I Snow. Every one on 'urn knows what sort ef a cave I am. But ril/try, at all events. I promised her I would, and I ainfc agoin' todeceive her !" Avid thus it fell out that Grif had issued from his last night's bed, the packing-case, with the intention j for the first time in his life, of. en-, deavouring to obtain an honest livelihood But Gkif did not teem dretined to beyuocessful. He yralked Into score qf nhops $id places oi busi- ness with ibetimid'yet halfdefiant inquiry " Dot you want , a errand boy ?" nnd was sometimes reqghly, often"iomiiq6uriytui;bed qa.'Sftly froin one qf the, Btoreke e pers d id he obtain a kind w.ord, and it was not in his favour that manV of them knew bim/and had been in the .1i%t of . seeing hitti prowi. about the Melbourne streets, r He was nb a savoury -looking boy, and did 'npt ; bit upon - feis Afit ward appearanre >ny teqovo-, mendatipq to, toe situation ft?: waa spuciting. His boots >were muddy hiAOlof hes » were regged,' his 1 skin was dirty, his A air naBtted. Hedtid not add ahotoei: Word to the query, " Do you want a err%nd boy?" andhe did not at all tote it in had part that he was treated with contumely. Indeed, if such a state of mind can be ooneeivea, he was absolutely exultant at each rebuff. c I told her > so," he muttered to himself, triumphantly ; who d have ahythih? to 'do with abeggar like me? Rut I promised her I'd try,- -and I ain't acoin to deceive her." TWO oi? threO timto he wte surlily spoken to' by the policemen and on each occasion he slunk off, without a murmur, not without a? . I-'-' / -if ?- dim consciousness that be was aW„7 — 55 I promising his character by attempting I - »n honfflt hyelihooa. Bewterawho I quuntod with colonial life. must aot « Jo. I the police, pr that other " institutions " hat I any essential in the colonies from I JO colonic. «, I do ??fc commence their career 1 bat the year Eighteen Hundred 111 I Odd, There is jusfc about the same I mfpt-of vice and virtue, goodnete«nd wi'?1? I nmmffianfrm and Mnd- teartedn j 9 I mefeth in any other parti of the world I otherwise, and cause others to thSS I I charitableneBs, just as much charity and ben# I lence, just as much ignorance, just as muchnS I miodedness, as can be found amongst masses I human creatures anywhere. It is true that ttl- I get into false positions oftoner than in I vO"4CK®RaK>ssr« I thrown indiscriminately together, and have nothiS I Th readers will therefore please not to wonder tu light as he would be looked upon if he were nrowl I ing about Londdn' streets. - 'T6' toS"HelKoUr-' I constable, he war just what'arageed pfifwrnS bol I would.bertir a London' constable., Itdid notmnoh I affect him; He was accustomed to be buffeted I and cuffed, and maltreated. The world had giyen I him nothing but hard knocks since his birth and he took them without murmuring. He looked upon $ qftte; as/a matter of course when the con- I servatbrB of public peaoe spoke harshly to hinj I But'he had a promise to perform ; and he resolved I to perform it conscientioasly. So it happened 8 that he stood At the door of the great place of buai- B ness of Mr. Zachariah Blemish, with the intention B bf asking for the situation of an errand boy. The fl -green baize folding doors somewhat daunted him B but, hesitating for one moment only,' he pushed fl them op60 and enteral. It chanced that, eiactly fl upon his entering, Zachariah Blemish came out fl ofhia own. particular -private-rewafortoerpurpose | Tof/ patting wqiepffoiilfbr dne k>£ Ris clerks; Axxhat | the great Blemish qnd the small Grif Btood face I to face. It was amarveUouS contrast! The great Blemiflh, sleek and shining ; the Bmall Grif, I rough and muddy V' the great Blemish clean and polishad, smooth-shaved and glossy ; the small I Grif, dirty and togged , with the incipient stubble I of manhood upon his (bin and cheeks, for I Nature is impartial in her supply of beard and I whiskers. Mohey will not buy them, nor will I grease produce them, though it be puffed and per- I fumed. I (TO BE COHTINTrxD.) 