WHY SHE NEVER MARRIED CHARLEY. From the Overland Monthly. ' Continued from our last Saturday's issue. ' ' The next morning the coldest spell that ever was knowed sot in. .There was just snow enough to track a rabbit, but no more ; and all the sky was like one great grey sheet of -ice; The sun had no more warmth in him ° than a yaller dog, and I thought my hands would a-froze while I foddered the cattle; they rattled like sticks if they chanced to knock together, and the jints cracked, and the hinnH Rfairhpri nnri frnzo nn like VilnhVtpra. T said it wasn't much cold, though,, when our people. asked me, and as soon as I'd swallowed my breakfast, cut and run. Thatcher was mending his shoes when I got to the cabin, and when this was done he put a lining of sheepskin in 'em, and then he made me take mine off and lined them the same way ; then his powder-horn must be tinkered, the trap baited, game-bags mended up, and I don't know what all, so that it was nigh onto noon! day when we sot out — me with the trap onto mj back, and him with his gun onto his nhoul der and his dogs between his legs. ,' Albert stayed behind, as we expected ; he said may be he should go for the apples that afternoon ; but, anyhow, he would be home before we was, and have a rousing fire walt zing for us. The last I seen of him he was looking after us from the door, und his big dog licking the hand that hung down beside him. ' 'Come, Wolf! come!' called Thatcher; but the dog sot himself plump upright, and stared at us just as if he said ? no ;' and even when Albert forced him out of the house, he would not follow us, but only crouehed back and whined, and looked up in the face of his master, pitiful like. ' ! 'You have infected him, you heartsick ?j.boy !' Thatcher cried. ' Well, let him go with you, if he likes ; may be you'll need some protection.' 'A famous day we made of it, sure enough — Thatcher and me together — anil it wn« nino ? o'clock that night before wo got out into the open fields, on our way home. The wind cut like a knife, and we trarapt ahead, and didn't speak for twenty minutes, I reckon. The moon was full, the sky clear now, and we . could see everything nigh about as well as if it had been day. We crossed this very stream half 'a mile below here, and I remember see ing where the ice had been cut for the cattle to drink ; and just as we riz the hill beyond I noticed that there was no light at the cabin winder, and I said I was afeared Albert hadn't kep' his promise, and come home in time to have a fire for us ; and till then I don't think 1 had thought of him all dav. '''lam afraid that girl' (meaning Joan, I suppose) ' will play the deuce with him yet !' Thatcher saia — adding on the instant, in a changed :ind cheerful tone, : 0, there he is now?' ' Then he called out, 'Hurry up, you rnscal ! ? Where's that great fire you promised to have blazing for us 1' ' Albert neither paused nor made answer, though we saw him plain as we seen each other, and heard his steps breaking through the frozen crust of the snow. Our feet felt like stones tied to our ankles now ; but we hur ried, stumping them along as fast as we could, and gaining on him considerably. ' We were, in fact, within twenty yards of him when I cried out, ' Hello ! how did you leave the widder-woraan V and ' Have you 'ot any apples 1' ' He hasn't been for the apples,' Thatcher said ; he has been for milk. Don't you see iiiu piccner in nis nanu ( ' Just then Albert turned tound, and we Been his face as plaiu as could be ; and yet we couldn't tell whether he was dead or alive, for he was white as u sheet, and didn't look no aways natural ; but for all that we knowed it was him. ' Good heavens ! the boy is sick !' cried Thatcher; and he ranfor'ard to overtake him, but divil a bit did he get any nearer. At last he stopped, out o' breath ; and there Albert was, juat the same distance ahead. He was a little out of humour now, Thatcher was, and he said: 'Very well, boy; we are not so anxious to jine you as you seem to think ; so go your own gait.' And with that, he full to a slower puce ; and then Albort turned and looked back again, and his face was the piti fulest and painfulest sight that ever was — it not me nil nf a t.ri-mhl» ? T ojirl flir.n»V. i I'll run and catch up with him; for if he's alive he's inightr sick ;' and sol set off licketv split! J 'Twasn't no use— I couldn't get a-uigh him ! He didn't seem to run, but lie just kind o' glid and slid, and kep' perciaely the same distance befoie us. At lust I stopped, my legs fairly shaking under me; and says I to Thatcher whon he come up, says I : « That 'ere thing is no more Albeit than I am. It's Albert's ghost, and the boy has had foul play, somehow or 'uother !' ' Now don't you be helping him out with his treks,' said Thatcher. ? Don't you see the pitcher 1 Ghosts don't carry pitchers, that ever I heard of.' ' I still persisted that it was a ghost. ' ' Nonsense !' said Thatcher- ' Don't you hear him drumming on the pitcher? That's an old habit of his.' 'I listened, and did hear the dramming; but I Mid then, and Bay now, it wasn't like any sound I ever heard afore ; solemn like,' as if it was the shadder of a sound. ' Wolf was trotting right along beside him, and it seemed to me he looked like a shadder, too. First, I called him, and then 1 whistled to him ; but lie glid right along over the snow, never turning his head. Then our dogs, they slunk back and crouched till their bellies fairly drug on the ground. I never seen the like. ' ' Come ! — you have succeeded in frighten ing the dogs, at any rate,' says Thatcher ; ' so stop and tell us how you have prospered. Has Mother Stanfield relented, say V ' At that name there was such a dreadful moan came back to us as you never heard ! and then the thing, or shadder, or whatever it was, began to waver and stagger, and just there where the brier- bush is, it fell flat onto the snow ; and we went along within a few foot of it, and heard the drumming on the pitcher, and the dreadful moans, and seen the dog and every thing, just as plain as could be. jiti win soon given ic up now j said Thatcher, laughing; and knocking the colds from our heels, we opened the door, and went in. The fire was smouldering low on the hath, and the room was too dark to see any thing at first ; but there was the same moans that the shadder had made outside. 'i We punched up the embers, and all at once Wolf came leaping from the bedside; and standing on his hind legs, set his forepaws on Thatcher's shoulders, and began mumbling and whining as if he was telling the pitifulest story that ever was. ' I raked open the coals now, and throw«d some chips that was lying in the corner into the red heap, and in a second the blaze flared up, and there hung the China pitcher on its peg agin' the chimbly ; and there lay Albeit himself on the buffalo coverlet, his face white as the sheet, and his eyes rolling about like as if they was loose in their sockets. I went straight to the winder and looked out, and there he was yet lying in the snow and Wolf beside him, and I couldn't tell which of 'em Was tllC Shudders t Wp liftor) him nn .irwl ...,f the two pillers under his head, but he didn't notice us, nor seem to know us, though Tha tcher was calling him if he couldn't speak. ' Oh, my brother ! my good little brother !' he would cry again and again ; ' he is frozen to death, and it is all my doing. I might have knowed better than to let him go, sickly, and the day is bitter cold. He will never speak again. O, my brother ; my brother. I have killed him !' 'Then he would fall to coaxing, as though he had been a sick baby, and in the end, break down and cry like a woman. My heart was fit to break when I seen him, and more than all when I heard him blame himself; and, if I could only have had the luumiiicsa «» speatt out, ± tiunK J. could iiave been comparatively happy, but as it was, the gates of hell seemed to be resting on me, and crushing through and through me. The room was as cold as it could be, for the wind whistled through the chinks between the logs ; and hoping he would come to if we could only get him warm, 1 buried a great stone in the bed of coals, and Thatcher wrap ped it up in his waistcoat and laid it against the cold feet ; but thev was nnst hpimr \v,irm,.,l agin iu this world. Thon we got the whiskey Husk and poured a few drops in a spoon, and when he had swallowed it his eyes kind o' settled themselves, and his mouth stopped tremblin' for a little spell, and he made a sign that he wanted more air.' 'I lusted up the winder, and there he was a lyin' in the snow just the same as he was on the bed, and I could hear him drummin' on the pitcher, though there it hung right afore me agin the chirably. ' ' More air — more air,' said he, undur breath ; ana I looked round quick, and seen he was a dyin'. « Oh, Albert,' said I. I wanted to say, ' Forgive me ! ' but somethin' held me back, and I did'nt say it. ' All. at once the door was dashed open, and in rushed Joan Ramsay. ' ' Is he alive yet— is he alive?' she cried ; and, before we could give answer, she was leaning over the pillar and had him in her arm, never minding us, and she seemed us much dead as him — so pale and tenor-struck —tor a tune ; but when he ceased throwin' his arms about and began to look at her so wishful, she besueched Thatcher to fetch the doctor, ' but not Dr. Stanfield/ she cried ; ' oh, not him ! ' ' Glad enough to do anything, I offered to go ; but Albert signed us not to bring any doctor. It couldn't do him any good, he said j and then he whispered something to Joan that set her tremblin' like a leaf. ' ' Then let me die, too ! let me die, too,' she cried, wringing her hands together. ' ' You will soon come.' he snid. «milin« ? ' and we shall be together in that beautiful country where nothing can part us any more.' And then he pulled her close to him, and whispered agin, but I catched a word, now and then, enough to show that he was askin* her to keep something to herself. At last, ho said, speak iu' quite aloud, and with all his soul lookin' out of his eyes, ? It is the last favour I shall ever ask : do you promise ! ' ' ' God help me! I am in an awful strait ! ' sobbed Joan; and then, seeing the wishful eyes growin' fairly fast to hers, she answered, ' Yes, I promise.' ' His hand nestled in hers, and she held him close, as if he had been a baby, her tears droppin' like rain on his face, and her long, bright hair seeinin' just of itself to find his neck, and to fall all round him, as if to keep back the enemy, now so cIosr. ' I never seen such a purty sight ; but it seemed to me as if it was sacred-like, and I went away, and leanin' my head agin the jamb, cried like a good feller. ' And yet, what I had heard him say lasted up tliem gates that had bnen a crusliin' into me. I don't know why, but I did'nt feel so awful guilty. ' He breathed easier now, and his pulse came so reg'lar that we began almost to hope, and Thatcher and me went into the door-yard to see if we could make out wbat sort of tiling was a-lyin' there in the snow ; and, if you be lieve it, there wasn't nothin' there — not even a shadder. Tho snow lay all smooth and white whore we had seen the thing, aud there wasn't so much as the print of a baby's foot in it. I believed then, and I believed now, that 1 hatcher knowed we had seen a ghost, for he shook his head, saying there wasn't no hope, and went right into the house. ' Joan lifted her finger — lie was going to sleep ; a minute, and he was asleep, sure enough, past all mortal waking. ' Death had slipped under them bright locks somehow, and chilled him clean to death ; but I don't, for the life, of me, see how he could do it. 'Thatcher couldn't bear to have him took away from him ; and so he was buried in the door-yard — the grave-diggers selectiu', by chance, the verv snot whara wr- li»-l -non tiw. strange figger.s a-lyiu' in the snow. ' Many a time I've seen Wolf wutchin' by the grave, and couldn't tell whether it was him, or whether it was the t'other thing ! ' But to finish my story. Joaa Rarasoy died within a year, of a broken heart— so folks said — and the proud sister, Mrs. Stan field, who had been a-gettin' cur'us for a good spell, went cleau crazy soon after; aud Charles Josenh went off fcn «' --r,ll-.,,Q nl.u^,. soon ; so there was a general breaking up. The old Doctor left practice, got down-hearted, and leasing the place, went away, some said, to travel in Africa ; but I reckon nobody knowed where he wont. Anyhow, none of 'em's ever been seen since, but the hopeful Charles ! I say hopeful, because there ain't no doubt into my mind but that he helped his wicked old mother to pison Albert Blagsden. It was never talked open much, the evidence again' her bein' confined chiefly to the Doctor's .mcu umu — u ieuer mat cirinkcd some, and wasn't always the trust-worthiest. 'His name was Richard Scofield— Dick he was called. He had good, hard sense when he wasn't in liquor; and I, for one, allowed he knowed what he was takiu' about, when Albert's death was iu question. Anyhow, he told one story stiddy, drunk or sober, and this was the way it run, or the amount of it. ' He was head man like, on the Stanfield place, and use-l to drive Mrs. Stanfield's car ridge sometimes, when the Doctor was olf professional; and it happened that he hud been drivin' some'eres on tlie day Albert went for the apples. They were just turnin* in at the home gate— so he usorl to say — when they saw Albert goin' by, and lookin' almost frozen ; and that, greatly to his surprise— for he knew how she hated the boy— Mrs. Stan field called to him, in a very tender way, to come in and get warm. He looked surprised and hesitated at first ; but she said so much, and said it iu so sweet a way, that he finally took the invitation, and went in — hoping' no doubt, iu his huart, to see Joan, When he come to the fire, he suffurod dreadfully, for his ears and his fingers were nearly frozen stiff; but Mrs. Stanfield made as if* he was frozen to death, aud calling Charles, who was in one. of his 'dare-devil humours that day, gave him the key of the medicinn nhn»h *lii.o« ting' him to fetch her a small, greenish bottle he would find there, and saytn' it contained something that would be good for their poor young friend. 'Charles Joseph wasn't much given to mindin' his mother, but on this occasion he went straight and did h«r biddin' ; which, in Dick's opinion, went to show that ho knowed what the stuff was, and rather desired to see tho experiment. Mind, I don't say he knowed what was into tho bottle; he may have thought it was Samaritan wine, for any thing I know ; but I kuovr this, that as tho story ran in gineral, it went as much noiu' him as his mothor; and I know them Stan helds as fur back as they're knowed at all, and they have got bud blood into 'em ! ' Anyhow, Mrs. Stunlluld poured the stuff out of the bottle in a bowl— so Dick told ? and give it to Albert to drink, sayin' it mi«ht help him, and that she knowed of nbthin* elae that would— makin' out as if he was fur gone, and as if she was doing everything pos sible to save him. Now, it wasn't thought by Dick that Albeit was anywhere nigh dyin'— . riot till after he swallered the medicine— and then he see things was a-goin' bad with him right away. Nor was Albert himself in the least afeard, he told ; for that he heard him say to Joan that. he was sure as to one p'int ? his heart' wasn't frozen ; and as for all the ftst, he should not mind if he was only the means of makin' all frienda once more. ' Dick said that Mrs. Stanfield fairly efrowed black in the face, pouriu' the last drops of the stuff out of the bottle with a will, and almost, forcin' Albeit to swaller 'era. She said it would make him sleep ; that he might shiver a spell at first, but tlmt when he come out of it all he would be just as well us ever. ' And, sure enough, he did begin to shiver and tremble a' most as soon as he had swal lered the last drops ; and then Mrs. Stantield said the medicine was workin' beautiful, and ordered Dick to get Albert into the carriage, and drive him home as fast as possible. « He must go to bed,' she said, ' and never stir still the next mornin.' ' Dick, of course, did as he was directed, but Albert got worse all the way home, and was soon past speukin' ; so, when he had carried him into the house, and tumbled him on the bed, he went back as fast as he oould go, and told Joan that he believed the worst would conic to the worst before another sun was up. ' Dick tole, too, that when he made the fire next mornin' hu found the green bottle all crushed un. us if sotn«l-nrlv liml ant that* -v,,.t — j. r ? „„ ... „ „ i/h^ uuu owu UUVll kMXJv onto it ; und he always tole that he believed that it held rank pison, and that Albert came to his end in no reg'lar way. ' Folks used to whisper these dark hints from one to another; but they wasn't paid respect to, because Dick was so much give to liquor, and because the Stanfields stood high, may be. ' He used to say lie wouldn't like to have Mrs. Stanlield's apron-string round his neck, if she was an enemy of his'n ; th»t she was mighty clever to him, but that there was pre cious good reason for it !— that if he was a mind to tell all ho knowed to Thatcher Blags den, she might, perhaps, swing higher than her own gate-posts yet! Thatcher never thought anything wrong, though ; and nobody had the heart to put suspicion into his head. Then thfi Stjmfiniilw fnll t-irw1%(- .....n ? :*.!. ? i ? — , ? ....*.., »u»» .i^iiu tiwiiv wiLii sum trouble— Joan dying, you see ; th' old woman losin' her mind ; and the Doctor, whom every one liked, fallin' out o' practice and gettin' down in the month generally ? that the surmises was hushed up and left to die out. But there was lots o' things floatin' about them times ; I forget 'em half- It was told, I know, that Joan Ramsey refused to have her sister come into her dyin' room, and there was them that thought she wasn't out of her head, nuther ! And then, after her death, it was give out that it was grief that was preyin' on the mind of Mrs. Stanfield ; but there was them that said it was memory ! Anyhow, she got so bad before long that she had to be took to un asylum ; and th' old Doctor, all broke up in puise and sperit, went pir, and he was not heard of for a cood manv year. 'And, by the way, Dick Scofield went off, too, all of a sudden ; and the next thing that was knowed of him, ho was the owner of u plantation down tho liver some whores, and it was hinted round that the place was bought with hush money. * 'But one thing I forgot. There was a China bowl dug up close by Thatcher's cabin, one day, by some fellows that happened to be quarryiu' there for some stone ; and Dick always hild that that was the very bowl that hud the poison into it ! But that went a«in' his story raore'n for it— how it got there was the question. However it was, I seen the bowl myself, and remember it had 3ome blue figgers onto one side of it. I don't know what they was, now . but. anvhow. I iluln'k like the look of 'em. Well, one evenin,' when Albert hud beed dead about three months, I happened to see, as I was drivin' the cows home, Thatcher Blugsdon di««in' just back o' the cabin. There was a kind* of mystery, after seem* them shudders there, that always drawed my eyes that way; so I dumb onto a stump and looked sharp, and directly I seed somethin' hoverin' about him that looked like a woman ; so I cut across the field und dumb into the fork of the mulberry that used to stand in the gully just above the spring. I thought may be he was takin' Albert up, and if he was, I was bound for to see him ! But no ! he was only plantin' out a briei-bush at the head of his grave, and the cretnr that I had seou hoverin' abaut was Joan Rumsuy; and I knew that she had brought the briar-bush 'cause they only growed in one place in the neighbourhood, and that was in Dr. Stanfield's hedge. That was about the last time Joan ever went abroad, I reckon ; auyhow, I never seen her after that. 1 sot in the crotch o' the tree OTinr Jlftf»r (jho nAti^ n.«A.. 1 ? !^t mi . ? — a —?'?? «'«w »™« away, nopin Thatcher would hw me and call me, or come where I was ; but he didn't do nuther one, but just came round to the cabin door, and seemed to kind o1 fall down onto the step. Tnen he sot the grubbin' hoe up between his legs, and leaning his head onto it, appoared like he was tlunkin' to himself. ' If he seen me he didn't let on ; anyhow he was kind o' stern, and kep' to himself, and uidn t seem to want to see folks, after Albert's death. He didn't hunt no more, but give away his dogs, all but Wolf; (1 got one of em, worth tan dollars, too !) and just left his gun on the hooks over the chimbly till it rusted. I might just as well 'a had that, but somehow, most fellows are careful about what they give away, even in the shadder of the deepest affliction. He used to lie sometimes, alf the day at a time, on the grass by the grave-side, with Wolf close by, and his arm } round his neck, may be-for he seemed J - think more o' that dog than he did of any % human c.itter-and whenever you seen o/e I you seen t'other. | ' I used to hear hints about the cabin bein* I haunted, but U was always talked in ° I smothered way like, and then I was a'most 1 sure to be sent out o' the room ; yo«ng»ten » always are, you know, when Visitors reach ' the interesting p'int o* things. 'Wall, as I said before, Thatcher didn't ? seem to see me but kep' steddy in one spn j, his head restin' on the grubbin'-hoe, and Wolf U crouchin' at his feet. ' i ' ' Hello the house !' I called, but neither I of em stirred, and so I dropt from the crotch V to the ground, and took to my heels ? and I1 when I got to the hill-top I lookod back/ £d I there they was yet-master and dog—j^t « * still as two stones. J f ' I never seen Thatcher no more ; he moved f away purty soon, but where, nobody ever f knowed A post-and-rail fence was found $ round the grave one day, the cabin door ?? chained up, und the fire out in the chimbly- ' —but hark ! don't you hear somethin' V And - seizing the pistol at his elbow. Lorn, Ffe '/? pushed aside the curtain and peered out' ' '£ A footstep was now distinctly heard nomine I ^* ^Vi°'*' .? nd «-? nex'fc -oment the I ..anus iignt 01 tlie lurnace showed us the cheerful ruddy face we were so anxious to see — that of our father, to be sure. In answer to our inquiries as to what had detained him, he told us that a crazy old woman had come straying into the house an hour or two past, frightening the younger children, so that he could not come away und eavo her there, but had been obligeed to find her lodging at the village tavern. And, indeed, she had looked fri«hlful enough, he said ; her dress torn and bedrag gled, her hands and face scratched and bleed ing and her drenched grey hairs all tanked with briers. ° At this point Efe bent down and whispered in my ear in a manner that was meant to ex press rnucli sorrowful tenderness. ' Charles Josephs crazy old mother come back acuin no doubt; and it was her you seen at Albert's grave to-night Dick's story must have been all true, that's a fact; yes, it must of ! ' True or false, I didn't go to the singing school, as I told you before, and Charley was too proud to seek me out; and so— well, well I wonder if ho ever married ! 