Another Ghost Story. A GHObT story has been exciting -some attention ut Klrathalbyn, South Australia, and in the Southern Ar_'us of this week there appears the ^foll.-wing statement, rimde by Mr. \S'. T. Tregalgas, of -ftra'h- albjn. The facts are these: —'Whilst taking h ; walk very early one morning, through some lii'tive which I cannot account for I was induced to walk J through ihe burying ground, and coming io a grave surrounded by a wall, and covered with a slab of slate. I. noticed on the slate something Etranuro. . It - was Biiarcely light enough to see distinctly at first, but after waiting for some few minutes I ceuld ei e it plain!;. , and il appeared to be a side view of a fejnale. 1 could distinctly trace the head and body *nd the skirts, apparently full siz-3. Net being satisfied with the sight I rubbed my hand on the form, and found that a portion of the slate was perfectly : dry, whilst the parts outside the form wore very vet with the dew which had fallen, and still ' not beinir satisfied I walked away, and came back in ; ?bout tif.eon or twenty minutes after, and still th» J foro. was ttiere; so I determined upon visiting it J aiiain m'.xt morning, which I did, and continued j doing so f or 'a week or more. During this time 1 only srtw the form once after the first mornini;- ; but I od' i-eing a believer in supernatural appearance* I j tried to define the cause, but failed. In the course I of convers-itim I told Mr. Morton what I had seen, | and he. visit«d tho place, and saw the form, although j not so plain as it was when I saw it. Ti e l'orm w.is j to lie teen, and it has been seen since by ot tie- ' Kuw, I believe there is some natural cause which j predcn ots this strange appearance, and p-- v'-aps seme ! p^r.wn upon reading this will be able to snti.-fv the j ininrts of those who have seen it, for alihough many j things have been advanced by people as to the prob- | ahl.j can none seem satisfactory to my mind, and j th ee who have been eye-witnesses of the sight.' j 