TWELVE HOURS' HIDE Iff THE BUSH. Bt a Cadet. . On one of the tributaries of the Murray lies an imm ense tract of level country, composed of large treeless plains and dense box forests, in termingled with beautiful pine, myall, willow, and other trees. The country is all taken up by "squatters," who hold large Quantities of cattle and sheep, which thrive exceedingly well in this richly-grassed portion of the continent. The immense quantities of kangaroos, emus, and other native animals that are to be seen grazing on the vast plains prove great pests to the squatters; the former, when full grown, consuming far more grass than sheep, and con sequently are hunted and destroyed in all direc tions, but without causing any apparent decrease in their numbers. On a beautiful morning in December of 1870, the rising sun revealed a number of slab build ings, built closely together on the bank of the river. They are of various sizes and shapes; and conspicuous among the rest is_ the quaint looking old slab house, with its ancient looking verandah, under the shelter of which hang saddles, bridles,^ stockwhips, hobbles, arid J -various other articles indispensable in the bush. ; It is the Home Station; and the conspicuous looking building is the house; the other build ings are the men's huts, kitchen, stables, black smith's and carpenter's shops, store, meat house, &c.; Four persons are standing under the veran | dah, whom it will be necessary to describe. Stand ! ing with his hack resting against the slab wall is an old grey-bearded man—this is Old Codger,; he is rather stout,aand about the medium height; near him is standing a tall man, wear ing a slouched Yankee hat, under which is to be seea a very unprepossessing bloated face— this is " John Tippler," Codger's overseer. The other two in the group consist of Charley Browner and myself, who are getting colonial experience on Codger's run; in fact we are cadets. Browner is from Great Britain, from whence he came about a couple of years back to get an insight into squatting life in Australia. He is a very smart young fellow, and is now thoroughly colonised. Many a wild gallop have we had together after cattle as wild as buffaloes, and many a. wild horse have we helped each other to saddle and mount. Hundreds of times have we flown over the plains together after the " wild kangaroo ;" and often have we surig ourselves to sleep while we coiled round the camp fire, rolled in our blankets, with our saddles for pillows. I am a little older than Browner, and have been brought up in Australia; my face is tanned with the Australian sun, and X am taller than he is. The men's hut stands about 80 yards from the house, and from-it, about a dozen men are wending their way - in the direction of the kitchen, in answer to the large breakfast bell rung by the cook to call them to breakfast. We are awaiting the arrival of a black boy, who had gone out as usual to yard the stock horses, whose approach soon became known-to ns by hearing the loud report of his stockwhipi ringing on the air, followed by the hoof-strokes of the horses, which were now to be seen emerging from some adjoining timber, with "Monkey" (the black boy) following them at a sharp gallop. In less than five minutes about fifty of the best stock horses on the river were plunging, neighing, and capering about in the stockyard. . "Now then, my lads," said Tippler, "put your saddles on your horses. Codger wants us; to go for a day's kangarooing, and we will see if we can't send a few of them to glory." ."Keller," he. said, addressing . me, .".tell Charley and Pat to saddle their horses also," and come with us; and tell Black Booleybuck to jump on Mad Boy and come too.'" Pat, Charley, and Booleybuck were three of the knockabout men. The former a light-hearted Hibernian, the next a steady young German, and the latter a blackfellow. After a little trouble in helping the black fellow to mount Mad Boy, who was very wild and difficult to mount, llet the-dogs out of the: kennels and saddled my favorite horse, Eagle hawk. While I was thus employed, Browner was seeing about getting a pair of horses put, into one of the express waggons for Tippler, i who was going to follow on wheels. By 6 o'clock a.m. all was ready for the start, and we rode at a steady pace away from the1 station, followed by ten splendid kangaroo; dogs and three stag hounds, Tippler keeping, about fifty yards behind in the express waggon.' We had not proceeded above half a mile beyond the home paddock when we saw about a dozen kangaroos about three hundred yards ahead, making away from us. We immediately !■ called to the dogs and started in pursuit, urging< the dogs forward with shouts of encourage-; ment. After we had pursued tlie game for" about a mile I noticed three of the strongest, dogs pushing their way ahead of the rest, and getting near to a very large old man kangaroo, who had fallen behind his comrades. He managed, however, by making terrific bounds, to keep out of their reach for several miles, when the foremost dog seemed to be almost catching him. Shouts of " Hold him ! hold him !" rang on the air from all hands but Booleybuck, who was swearing violently at the biped for not allowing the dogs to catch him, and was crying out " Haul 'em! haul 'em 1 haul de debble!" at the same" time flogging his horse with his old tommyshanter. Just at this juncture Mad Boy put one.'of hiB front legs into a wombat hole, and fell heavily, bringing the blackfellow to mother earth. Before he was up again, the foremost dog had collared the " old maD," and was -jumping at his throat, and impeding -his progress, thus enabling the other dogs to catch and besiege him. A fierce struggle now ensued; the kangaroo keeping on his legs, and backing up .against a tree, fought violently with the dogs, trying to rip them when they came within his reach, and /giving some of lhem some very nasty.cuts. X unfastened my stockwhip from my saddle, and, riding up close to him, struck him across - the- head with my whip doubled, my object being to get him away froni the tree to give the dogs a chance to pull him down. I had no sooner struck him than he drew him self up to his full height, and made a terrific bound at me. Browner called out "By Jove ! he's on you." I turned my horse sharply, round, the movement I.made spoiling his aim, he,, landed on my horse's quarter, and slipped, off,, leaving a few scratches on my nag's hide.. He then bounded off to-a deep creek a .short dis tance off, fighting, with the dogs all the way, and, plunging into the creekj made-another; stand in the water, and as each dog made at " bim he • caught them- in his arms and ducked them, sometimes holding them under the water as if trying to drown them; hut he was not allowed to do so, because, when he had one dog, under the water, another would swim up and' attack him, Causing him to release the one he had hold of, and commence to duck his new adversary. This ludicrous scene had continued, for a quarter of an hour, when we found that it was getting too-hot for the dogs, who had been swimming round him, and were getting ex -hausted. Booleybuck, who had remounted his horse, and was none the worse for. his spill, was laughing heartily at the. " big one lark," as he termed it, when "Tippler" said "Who wili swim in and' cook his goose.'" - " Me crackem cocoanui," said Boolebuck, dis mounting and hobbling his horse. He then proceeded, to cut a waddy from a tree, which' was the work of [a minute ; he then stripped, and.swimming up behind the kangaroo that had been standing up to his neck in water during the skirmish, struck him a couple of sharp blows on the head, causing him to reel over and give up the ghost. The blackfellow then hauled him out, when we found that he measured 10 feet two inches in length. Welifted this monster into the waggon for the dogs. The dogs had scarcely had time to get wind and a drink, when two kangaroos came hopping leisurely out of a clump of timber a short dis tance off. Some of the dogs saw them and were off, the rest following in their wake; we. scrambled to our saddles and followed. The kangaroos had now turned tail and retreated into the timber. We soon reached the clump, . hut the dogs had got a good start of us, and it was some time before we got in sight of them. However, we made a good race of it. Browner on Jurabuck, myself on, E»glehawk, and the darkie on Mad Boy, keeping neck and neck for about half a mile, leaving the two men some distance behind. There was an inunda tion caused by recent floods now in our view. It was about 18 feet wide and about seven feet deep; it stretched out into the plain from the creek for about 600 yards, and -to go round it from where we were would have taken us at least 400 yards out of our road, and con sequently spoil the.hunt, as the kangaroos and. the dogs had already crossed the obstacle, • We steadied our horses and took them at -it, Browner's horse and mine cleared it flying ; Mad Boy baulked, and swerving nearly ran against Pat, who was just pushing his horse, Old Bob, up to the jump. Bob cleared it with out a refusal, and Booleybuck was pushing his horse at it again, when Charley cime thun dering up; both horses rose together. The Ger man's horse making too much of a task of it fell head over heels, shooting Charley several yards ahead of him, and jumping up, gallopped .riderless, away. By this time the -dogs had pulled down the kangaroos within 20 yards off each other, and we soon despatched them with a few blows on the head with our stirrups. Booleybuck was now gallopping in pursuit of Scottie, the horse that had fallen with the German. He was soon caught by the darkie, and led up to where we were. "Where is Charley?" I said, addressing Booleybuck^' "Dis one think Charley dead," was the reply. " Are you sure ?" said Browner. " Mine think so ; him tumble jolly wollop." • "Bei jabers ye should niver think," cried Pat. " I kin twig his owld karkidge in motion, but sure he is crippling mighty bad. Be the mother j uv Moses, he did come down though." ".How did it happen ?" asked Browner. "Is happen, ye say, Snrsaid the Irishman. " faith and shure, Sur, his horse fill under him, at that little quare looking crake that us jumped over. I jist gat safe over mesilf, whin I heered Charley's will-known voice say, 'Shteady Schottie,' and faith I jist paped round in .me saddle," and vat i did I see but Booleybuck and Charlie's horse both jump together, and down went Schattie. Charley made a doive in the air, and landed about twinty fate in front of J the horse." Charley now came limping np, as if he had twenty pounds of lead fastened to his right leg. His face presented a strange ap pearance ; the. skin was completely rubbed off | his nose, several of his. front teeth had dis appeared, one of his eyes was blackened, and his forehead was plastered with inud. " Faith," ejaculated the Irishman, "ye are a nice spic tacle far yer ould mother to sot eyes upon, Charley; ye are, be the poweis." "Are you much hurt?" asked Tippler, who1 had just driven up. "Not moshs; only mine leek and mine noshe is radder bainful." "Shure," said Pat, "yes,could plant taty's on yer forelock, and one of yer papers is the ciller of a blue spud." " It vo3h no yokeing madder to huvashpill like that vosh, Mishter Patrick. If you vosh not grazy, you would shut up." " Never mind, Charley," said I; " the skin will grow on your nose again." " Faith it would aade to ; his] ould mother won't know her darlint till it does." " It would be a pleshing if the skin was rupped off your dongue, and den you would not dalk so moshe voolery, put you are hexqusible, ash yer lasht master gracked | yer head mit a shtick for shtealyng a pottle av vishky." " Nare a word more uv yer blarney," said Pat, a little ruffled at this disclosure. " But in troth !" he continued, "ye would be a trissure to the Prussian army at pridnt, if they made ye's Giueral, and pit ye's in frint, ye would frighten all their inimies away fram thim." "Don't make yerself a'pigger vool den you are," said the German angrily. This dialogue was cut short by our riding to the creek, to allow the dogs and horses to J drink. "While at the creek the Hibernian wa3 amusing | himself by poking a stick into a hollow tree to see if there were any oppossums in it. One ran past his hand, and t.o get out of his reach took j up a po-'inion on a light bough. I. threw a stick and knocked it off its perch. It was caught by ] the dogs before it reached the ground, and torn tO:;pieces in an instant. . "We-now started in search of more game, making towards the river, in order that we might be able to camp for _ dinner on the river. We rode about a _ mile through very thick timber without seeing any kangaroos. Six or seven jwallabies were here killed by the dogs, having been basking under the shade of the trees, as the sun was sending out a pretty strong heat. Presently up jumped a kangaroo, and off he went, dodging about in I the timber, leading us through some very thick j scrub ]" theu into another clump of thick tim ber, where we had a little jumping over some f fllen trees and boughs that were laying about in all directions. The kangaroo was now making immense bounds towards .an adjoining plain. He was how about a hundred yards in front of the dogs, they having lost ground in the scrub, but were now gaining on him azain. _ Away he : went across the plain in the direction of the river timber, keepiug np a killing pace all the time. He appeared to be making for "a large bend that had been fenced in for the purpose of paddocking some choice ewes. The fence was a I stiff post and rail one, about five feet six inches high—a regular rasper—and sure enough Mr. KaDgaroo was going to lead us over it, and over I it be did lead us, at the expense of a spill to his j kangarooship, who fell head over heels as bei landed, but was up and off again. The dogs j had gaiaed on him through his somersault, and i were not forty yards from him when we took our horses at the fence. My horse struck the top rail"and~"ianded "on" his head. I landed on the grass, but which part of me came down, first I won't venture to say. Browner and the Ger man got over safe. Bob and Mad Boy baulked. As I scrambled to • my horse, which I had not I lost hold of in .my spill, Pat and Booleybuck were riding at the fence again, each in bis way calling his hoise some not very polite name3 for refusing the.jump. Browmr and Charley were still , in pursuit, and I following at a consider able 'distance, my spill having thrown me be-, i hind. The kangaroo now began to turn to the |left,, finding that he was hemmed in by the i river, and he ran along the bank in the shade of j the river timber for some distance. While this {was going on the blackfellow had induced [his horse to try the jump, having smashed the top raiL in the attempt, followed by Pat, who ;rode over the gap. The game now made a 'swerve, and'headed towards the fence about 'three miles to the west of where we had jumped jour horses into.the paddock. Over he went I with the' dogs scrambling through almost at his jheels. " Oyer 1" shouted Browner as his horse !ro3e in the air, and cleared the: fence, followed, jby the German and myself, with the blackfellow !close behind, and then Bob came up with the. !Hibernian. This time he jumped, and striking ibeavily brought himself and his rider to grass, {and jumping up galloped after us, leaving Pat iwhere he fell. The kangaroo, being now closely .pushed by the dogs, was jumping from one side ; to, the other to evade them,, but in vain, as he {was soon caught and killed, i Booleybuck now proceeded to cut some steaks, from the prostrate kangaroo for our repast,' while the rest- of us returned to see what in juries the Irishman had sustained, who was lying insensible on the. grass. I lifted him up by the arms into a sitting posture, when blood I was seen to be coming from his month, whioh we afterwards discovered was caused'by one of bis teeth having perforated his tongue. Tip. pler now came up and produced his spirit flask, some of the contents of which we poured into Pat's mouth, the taste of the "craythur" causing him to open his eyes and regain con sciousness. He had only _been stunned by the fall, and after the application of some cold water to his head recovered completely. Old Bob was soon caught, and we started en masse for the river. Here we lighted a fife, boiled our quart pots, roasted some kangaroo meat on the coals', and having a large damper in the, wagjon made a hearty meal; after which, wo stretched ourselves out round the fire and rested for a couple of hours, while our horses were feeding on the rich' grass on the bank of the river, and the dogs were, making a meal of the.old. man kangaroo that was brought in the waggon. An amusing dialogue now commenced between Charley and Pat:— "Yell, Mishter Pat, you were yolly veil bnnished vur making vun uv mine shpill; umph ! You didn't get your noshe hurt, put you got a hole bunched in your dongue as pig as your eye, by shorge, und no niishtake !" "Faith!" said Pat, "that aint much, cos nare a person can see me tongue while it is behint me teath, so it ain't spiled me beauty, but that nose of yourn is a foine soight; sure ye j can't hoide that at all, without ye toy the tail j of your shirt round it." . " You ycst shut up yer blarney, Paday ; you ; are von vool or von of ole neek's imps. I really tank you mosht av crawled out ov de lower regions." After this speech we made a move to our horses, and after having saddled them made another start. We were soon ic full swing after a large mob of kangaroos, which we followed for three or four miles, crossing a swamp where the unfortunate Hibernian got bogged and came' out iu a Very muddy state, minus his boots and bat. ( • We had to abandon this lot at last, they having got into an almost impassable pine forest; so we called back the dogs, and made a move towards the home station, as it was now about 3 o'clock' p.m., and we were about 20 miles from the station-, where wo arrived at about 6 o'clock in the evening, with dog3 and horses pretty well-knocked up, after having! been out for lust 12 hours. HARRY KELLER. 