LITERATURE. Literary Notices. "THE DISCOVERY, SURVEY, AND SETTLEMENT or PORI PHILLIP, by G. W. Rusden," has been issued in s pamphlet form, by Mr. George Robertson, of Mel bourne, and forms a valuable contribution to AHS traliun history. Mr. Rusden has been fortunate ir obtaining documentary ovidence bearing on the early history of Australia, which circumstance gives great value to his little work. One of these docu ments is a letter which Flinders wrote to Governor King, whilo ut sea in the Cumberland, a miserable schoonor of twonty-nine tons burthen, whioh the Governor had given him in order that he might proceed in her to rescue the remnant of the crews of the wrecked vessels Porpoise and Cato. The letter ' is a very long ono, and most interesting, but "it must bo read from beginning to end in order that the genial hearty seuman-like frankness of the writer may be fully appreciated. One brief extract will convey to the reader's mind a full and rather vivid idea of tho blissfulness of life on board the Cumberland. The genial old " tar" writes to his Excellency under date September 24, 1803: I have tho pleasure to And the Cumberland more weatherly than tho Frauds or Rolla. In working to windward during a night, I havo bad to run down four milos in tho morning ta join tao latto*-, although they h»d carried all tho sall tbat could conveniently bo dono. This is a good property ; but of all tho filthy little things I evor saw, this schooner, for bugs, lice, iloas, woavola, mosquitos, uockrouohes, large aud small, and mico, rises superior to them all. We have almost got fio botter of tbo iloas. lico, and mosquitos, buc in spite of bolling water and daily destruction amongst them, the buijs still koop their ground, r iiavo never stripped myself boforo ibo last two nights, but usually slopt upon thu loo locker with my clothes on ; notwithstanding which, I havo nt least a hundred lumps upon my body and arms ; and boforo this vito bug-like smell will lcavo me, must, X behove, as wi'll as my clothes, undorgo a good boiling in tho largo kettle. I shall set my old frioml J iin to work upon thu mico." Captain Flindors bad a high rospeot for the cha racter of Governor King, and tolls him so in this lotter in that frank and outspoken style so charac teristic of a truo seaman. Mr. Rusden assigns thia as tho chief reason why ho publishes tho lotter, but tho public, we think, will thank him for- publishing it on other grounds, for tho letter is an interesting historical document, and sheds considerable light upon a somewhat obscuro portion of our annals. Another interesting letter is published by Mr. Rusden, numbly, a letter which Robert Walsh, one of the United Irishmen wrote to Joseph Holt, or, us he is called Gonernl ¡Holt, and forwarded by a six-oared cutter in which Governor Collins sont despatches from Port Phillip to Port Jackson in 18Ú3. Holt wns tho principal loader of tho Irish rebels in 1718, and after his arrival in this colony was accused of complicity in tho rising \ of tho prisonors at Parramatta, in ISO! ; his papera wero therefore soized, and ho had barely timo to tear this letter in pieces before the seizuro was effected. Tho scattered frugnionts, however, were collected, «nd tho lotter prosftrvod. Hero it is. Sullivan Hay, Port Phillip. Nov. f», 1S03. Dear .loo,-You will, I daro say, be surprised to hoar that your unfortunno friend is a convict at this horrid desolated place. I was tried last December twolvo months for sedition in London, and tsontoccod t i bo transported for seven years, so that 1 havo five years «till to continue in this wrutcliod mtua tlou Would to God my dour Holt, I WHS at Port Jackson, Sydney, or any place where I could onjoy the company of Bomo of you my follow sulfcrurs and fricinU. 1 havo no par ticular nowa to inform you ol', only that our friend John Neil luis turnod out * villain ¡ --lie resides at tho Cast'o with tho bloodhounds, and is a notorious commun informer. Harry Downs, Antrim Jack, Conway, Monro, AVhitty. Ulli Byrne and many others, havo suffered death, but to the lust behaved like mtn. I had the pleaturo of seeing Alick Rey nolds in London : bo was perfectly well, und beyond overy one's expectations ccovorcd of his wound. If you aro acquainted with Pbitl Cunningham, Bill Leonard, John Bowen, or any of Hiern who w:rc tinnsporled from ClonraoU in tho year 'bo, remember me most kindly to thom, and lot thom know ln.w I expect to hoar from them per bearer.Nono of my relations know of my present misfortune, not evan my old uncle. Your sincere Mond, ROBERT WALSH. This Phill Cunningham was summarily hanged in front of the court-house at Windsor after tho defeat of tho armed prisoners at the Ponds between that piuco and Parramatta, on tho 4th March, 180-1-, by a company of tho 102ad Regiment and a party of armed settlers under tho command of Major John stone, of Ammndale ; but the Cato of Walsh is not known. Margarots papers, now in Mr. Rusden's hands, provo him, according to our nuthor, to havo been false alike to friend and foe. Mr. Rusden says that he was a most malicious character, and doubt less buses this statement on the papers which are in hiB hands, but would it not bo moro convincing to some of those who have hitherto felt inclined to respect tho character of this Margarot to publish the papers alluded to, or such of them as are fitted to substantiate the charge. It is just possible that con duct which Mr. Rusden would regard as malicious and malignant, would by people entertaining other ?dews bo considered justifiable if not quito patriotic. On this point the publication of tho pupers would enable every ono to judge for himself. A truthful historian must bo more or less an iconoclast, and our author is no exception to this rule. Ono of the images he broaks is the claim which has boon set up on behalf of the late Mr. Fawkner, namely, that he was found-r of Melbourne. In reference to this claim Mr. Rusden says :-. Though Melbourne is not yet a second Home, and thoucrh no metropolis was likely to spring up where Collins and Tuckey pitcln-d th»lr tents, there was, in Tuckey's sight, food for serious contemplation if not wondor, to which, now that its object l'as passed away, allusion may bo made, historically,' even in victoria Ono of tho helpless persons whom Tuckey so commiserated was accompanied by a child about ten years old, who waspormtttlort to accompany his parents, and who ns doubt lnokel with some awo upon tho accoutred Tuckey. If any one could havo told Mr. Tuckey that tho settlement would be abandoned in a few weeks that, in process of timo, various other roulements would be formón on tho coast (notably on« by Mr. Henty in 1S3-1), that, after nn organized plan for occupying Kort Phillip itsolf by fohn Batman, which was carried out in May, 1835-that same ragged urchin whom ho saw scrambling in tho sand at Port -Nepean, would crone from Tasmania in October, 1835, go to that river" of which Tuckey had a description in his hand (as supplied by Governor King from Mr. Grimes's survey), and claim to have discovered it, although immediately warned off by Bat man's agent, oven Mr. Tuckey's credulity might have beon si-vcrely taxed, lind ho boen further told that in consequence of tho importance ascribed by tho Government of Kow Houth Wales to batman's movements, it was determined to found a settlement at Port Phillip ; that, accordingly, it was founded by Governor Bourke : that in process of timo there would be a local parliament in which tho ragged utchin would find his way : that in tho year 1869 ho would dio ; that a public funoral would bo proclaimed in a Government Gazette Extraordinary on tho previous day; that shops would bo shut and traffic closed in a city numbering, with Its immediate sub urbs, somo 160,000 inhabitants; that between two or three hun dred vehicles would move'in the funeral procession-he would .indeed have reflected most gravely on fururo possibititles. "utif- knowing what Tuckey knew, even in 1803, about the Yarra Yarra Elver, and being able to foresee what Henty and Batman, and Govornor üourko would do in 1S34 and 1835-Tuckey had been told that on the coffin would bo inscribed THE HON. JOHN PASCOE FAWKNER, FOUNDER OP THE COLONY OF VICTORIA, I can hardly think that Tuckoy could havo been induced to accept that as a future possibility. Yot it was a fact, and wa may presumo that thoso who inspired the inscription believed in its truth There is much more on the same topic in tho work, enough in fact to show beyond all reasonable doubt that, whatever excellencies Mr Fawkner possessed, he had no claim to be regarded as the founder of Melbourne. Dur author gives, in a detailed form, a large amount of information* respecting the early history of Port Phillip and the principal persons connected with its settlement. The career of John Batman, and the hazardous journey of Hume and Hovell from Lake George to Geelong Bay in Victoria are briefly but graphically sketched. Mr. Rusden gives us a complete and almost bird's eye view of this journey, and renders full justice to the merits of Hume to whose enterprise and skill the success of the journey was chiefly owing. Some of the information he gives is new ; nnd that which is not new is plnced before tho reader in a new and attractive shape. The stylo of tho pamphlofc is lively but simple, and such as is suitable to the subject, although occasionally tho author indulges in sentiment, and becomes moro or leBs poetic. Thoro is also an air of freshness and originality about his work not often found in historic sketches of this sort, and indicative of capacity for more elaborate achievements Thanking him for the present contribution to Australian literature, we Bhould thank him still more if he would double the obligation by giving us a larger work on the sub jeot, embracing many cognate topics, and along with whioh might be published, in tho shape of an apondix such papors and letters bearing on tho history of Australia as ho may have in his possession. We may add that tho work is neatly printed on good paper, and, altogether, is very creditablo to both author and pttblishor. FOREST CUI/TUKE IN TTS RELATION TO INDUS TUIAIJ PURSUIT«, is a lecture delivored by Dr. Mueller of Melbourne, in June last, and now printed in a pamphlet form. The locture is unquestionably an able one, and wo fool, while absorbed in reading it, that we aro in tho hands and under the spell of a master. Tho lecture is on the ono hand pre-eminently speculative, and on tbs other pre-eminently practical. These literary characteristics are united in the following passage, which wo commond to the special attention of thoughtful roadors : Lot tn then take timely warning; let us romembor that denuded earth p\rts with its warmth by radiation, and is Intensely heated by insolation : that thus in woodless countries tho extremes of clinmto are brought about in rendering tho wintor-cold far moro intense and boisterous, and the summer heat far more burninig and oprcssivo. Lot us rcmembur why tho ubsenco br destruction of forests involves puriodic Hoods and (Ironthts. with all thu great disasters inseparable therefrom. Let us bear in mind that even in our praised Australia many a pastoral tenant enw his herds and Hocks perish, and oven tho very kangaroos off his run ; how he looked hopefully for months and moir hs nt ovory promising cloud which drew up on tho horizon, only to dissolve rainless in tho dry desprt air ; whereas when th» squatter's min was completed, tho last pasture parched, and tho last watorpool dried up, great atmospheric ciia- ges would send tho rain clouds over tho thirsty land with all tHo vehomenco of precipitation, and would convoit dry creeks Into foaming torrents, or innndato with furious floods thc I very pastures over which tho carcasfs of tho fan.ished cattle and Rheep woro Birnwu about! I'icturo to yourselves tUu ruined occupant of tho sui), hardly ablo to escape with his biro Hf« from the sudden scenes of th«so tragic disasters! Fortunately, ns yet such extremo «vents may not havo hap pened commonly ; yet they did occur, and pronounced their lessons impressively. l,et it bo well considered, ihat it is not alone the injudicious overstocking of many a pasture, or tho want of water stow.igo, but frequently the vf ry want of rain itself for years in extensive woortleRS districts, which renders occupation of mnuy of our inland tracts so precarious. Let it also not he forgotten, how, without a duo proportion of woodland, no country can bo great and prosperous ! Remem ber how whole districts of aouthorn Europe becomes, with tho fall of the forests, utterly depopulated : how the Rushes of wide currents washed away ail ar.iblo soil, while tho bor dering flat land became buried in dobris ; how its rivers became filled with sediment, while tho population of tile low Jand woro at tho samo time involved in poverty and rum 1 Lot us recollect that in many places tho rema ning Alpino ( inhabitant bad to toil with his very fuel for many miles uu to tho once wooded hills, where barrenness and bleakness would perhaps no longer.allow a treo to vegetate. lt should bi borno in mind that tho productiveness of cereal fluids is often increased at tho rato of fully 50 per cent, morely by establish ing plantations of shelter trees ; that tho progress of drift sand is checkod by tree plantations ; and that a bolt of timbor not only affords protection against storms, but also converts sandy waitos finally into arabio meadows, thus adding almost unobserved, yet unceasingly, so far, to tho resources of a country. Shall wo follow then tho oximpln of thoso improvident populations, who, by clearing of forests, diminished most unduly tho annual fall of rain, or prevented its retention . who caused a dearth of timber and fuel, by which not solely tho operations of their artizans became ali emly hindered or even paralysed, but througli which oven many a flourishing country tract was already converted almost into a desert Should wo not rather commença to convmt any desert tract into a smiling country, by thinking early and unselfishly 0f tho requirements of those who aro to follow us? Why not rather imitate the example set Oy an Egyptian sovereign, who alone caused, during the early part of this contury, 20,000,000 of trees to be planted in formerly rainless parts of lils domi nions ? This is a fair sample of tho literary stylo of tho lecture, but of courso the passage refers to only one of the many topics touched on by the lecturer. His main object was to show in what manner a well organized and yet inexpensive system of forest administration might check the indiscriminate destruction of our woods, without materially lessen ing the yield of timber ; and by what new means prosperous occupation might bo afforded to many people' in the sylvan recesses of tho country. Tho cardinal remedies which ho suggests are the conser vation of existing forests, and the planting of trues in countless numbers. Whole forests of tho pitch pines of North America, might be planted on sub alpine heights, and millions of red cedar and other valuable trees, could be reared in the sheltered moist rich valleys of our ranges. These forests would not only yield tho next generation timber in immense quantities, but the underwood and branches of treeB might be turned to various profitable technologio uses. In illustrating the latter topic, tho lecture describes the process of: charcoal burning, the pro duction of potash, the. process of distilling volutilo oil from the leaves bf eucalypls and allied myrta coouB trees, and classes the culture of ten, opium, the cork oak, various dye stuffs, and the production of honoy as forest industries, which might all be rendered productive of benefit to tho people of Australia, 'i he lecture is full of uBeful nnd curious information presented to the reader in an attractive style, and forming an artistic, and at tho same timo a practical work worthy of tho profound attention of the statesmen of this rising country. ANOTHER BRUTAL MURDER BY THE BLACKS.--Sub Inspector Fitzgerald (says the Ravenswood Miner) brings word of the murder of Mr. Sydney Davis' brother and a stockman on Bowen Downs Station. The murderers were led by a boy well-known in the neighbourhood by the name of " Alligator." A stock man stationed some distance from the scene of the butchery was also " stuck up" by the same party, but he succeeded in making a gallant and successful resist ance, leaving the dreaded " Alligator" fortunately amongst the slain. A MIRACULOUS ESCAPE.-On Sunday morning last a little child not quite two years old. the son of Mr, Colin Christie, of Newcastle, wandered from his home, and after passing along Ferkin-street, crossed over Hunter-street and went through the little wicket gate leading on to the Great Northern Railway at New castle. When on the railway, the child sat "down on the plates. The ten o'clook train had but just passed the sjjot on its way te the station, and shortly after as the engine was returning to the Honeysuckle Point station, the engine-driver descried the child sitting on the rails, but not before ho was dose upon the spot. He at once reversed the engine, and, with .the assist ance of tho stoker, applied the breaks to the fullest. When, however, within a few yards of tho ohild, find ing that the engine could not be pulled up in time, he jumped off the engiue and, running before it, snatched up tho ohild just in time to save it from being crushed to atoms. Too much praise cannot be awarded to tho stoker (whose name "We are unfortunate in not being able to learn) for his courageous conduot. After this warning, we trust tho railway authorities will at once tako steps to have tho construction of the gate altered, and have it made so that children cannot reach tho catch to open it.-Newcastle Chronicle. A HIGH CHURCH VIEW OF DISSENT.-Tho following is an extract from a book entitled '* Some Questions of the Church Catechism and tho Doctrines involved, briefly explained for the use of Families and Parochial Schools," by the Bcv. Frederic Anhait.Graoo, M.A., Vicar of Great Bailing, Essex :-" Q. Wo havo amongst us various sects and denominations who go by tho name of Dissenters. In what light are we to con sider them ? A. As heretics ; and in our litany wo expressly pray to bo delivered from the sins of false doctrine, heresy, and schism. Q. Is thon their worship a laudable service? A. No. Because they worship God according to their own evil and corrupt imagina tions, and not according to His revealed will, and therefore their worship is idolatrous. Q. ls dissent a great sin ? A. Yes. It is in direct opposition to our duty towards God. Q. But do we not find among them many good men ? A. Many doubtless are of unex ceptionablo character in a moral point bf VL(^i but they are not holy men. Q Wherein consists tho difference between a moral man aud a holy man . A. A moral man is one who nets from the impúlsese! education, position in society, and other worldly prin ciples ; a holy man is one who docs good work by tho divino aid of the Holy Ghost, duly using the means ot grace. Q. Why have not Dissenters been excommu nicated? A. Because tho law of the land does not .illow that wholesome law of tho Church to bo acted upon; but Dissenters havo excommunicated them selves by setting up a religion of their own ami leaving tho ark of God's Church. Q. What class of Dissenters should wo be most on our guard against .' A. juoso who imitate most nearly tho true Church of ouribi. Q But aro thoro not Dissenters who use tho same form of prayer aa ourselves ? A. Doubtless ; but prayers of tho Church being for the most part from tno priest to offer np in behalf of , the people, it must bo sinful and presumptuous oi thoso parsons who nie called touchers to address the throne of graco. usur . ii g tho priestly oflico. Q. Is it wicked then to entu a meeting-house at all? A. Most assuredly, ; bBCl\ur°;n? was said above, it is a house where God is worship11' otherwise than He has commanded, and thcreforo t is not consecrated to His honour and glory ; and, Uf««"' we run the risk of being led awny by wicked, enticing words; at tho same time hy our P^000^T^ * " nessing our approval of their heresy, wounding To c m sciences of ¿ur weaker brethren, and by our example teaching others to ¡go astray.'' 