' I.? GIfA I'11[0 I )ESP[ATTC.IES t [nY SUIImIAIINIU OAIBLO.) (Frome our owt Corraeelpondent.) MELBOURNE, TIvUttBDAY. V.R.O. SPRiNi MEETING, 1 Second Day- Thursleday, Nououtber 9. MAIDoN PLAT.--A sweepstake of 5 soe. each, with 150 sove. added. For 3 yrs old, 'at; 4 yrs, Oat ; 5 yrs, t Olb; 0 yrs I and aged, ast 101b. One mile and a half. Mr T. J. Ryan's b o The Ace (late Jack of Clubs) ......................... ...... 1 sIr J. Arthur's b f Fairy, 3 yrs .......... 2 M1r J. Wilson's br f Miss Jessi0, 3 yrs ... 3 I Time, 2 min. 40 sees. RAnLWAY STAKeS,-A sweepistake of 5 seve. c each, with 100 sovs. added. For 3 yrs c old, 7st 81b; 4 yrs, 9st; 5 yrs, 9st 71b; c 6 yrs and aged, ast 91b. One mile and a quarter. Mr A. Bromfield's b Ith Planet, 4 yrs ...... 1 Mr W. Filgato's b f Wild Brier, 3 yrs ... 2. FIr J. 'PTit'a c h Detective, 5 yrs .... .... 3 Time, 2 min. 18 see. Tle MiLnOURNa Our.-A. swooeepstakes of 20 cove each, 10 ft. or 5 if declared, with 300 soea added. The second horse to t receive 50 sove, and the third to save his stake. Two miles. Mir J. Tait's b h The Pearl, 5 yre, 7at O1b ......................................... 3 Mr J. Thompson'e b m Romule, 4 yrs, 7st 101b ............................... 2 Mr J. J. Miller's eh o Irish King, 3 yrs 0st ... .........:............................ 3 Time, 3 min 30 sees. HUrnLEt RAe.e-A handicap sweepstakes of 7 soves eoch, h ft, with 150 sovs added. About 3 miles. Mr M'Phoerson's hbl g Darkie, aged......... 1 Mr G. Hoystead's hs br g Moscow, aged... 2 Time, 5 min 50 sees. TnI ODALINo STAKRe.--A sweepstakes of 5 cove each, with 100 save added. One mile and a half. The winner to be sold for 200 sove. Mr W. Filgate's hi f Contessa, 3 yrs...... 1 Mr J. dMorrison's bl h Blondin, aged...... 2 Mr P. Lewis's br h Tomahawk, aged...... 3 Third .Day-P- riday, .November 10. The weather was showery and there was only a moderato attendance at Flemington. The following is the result of the day's racing: TulE ROYAL PAilt STAKIee.-A sweepstakes of 10 soves. each, with 150 sovs. added. Two miles, Mr R. Sovior's b g Warrior, aged........... 1 Mr E. Twomy's b m Mermaid, 5 yrs...... 2 FLviSo STAREs.-A sweepstakes of 5 soves. each, with 50 soves. added. Three quarters of a mile. Mr E. Loo's m iBarbolle, 0 yre............ 1 M r J. Thompson's b o Argus Standal, 2 yrs 2 SPRING HANDIcAP..-A eweepsta?se of 7 sovs. each, h. it., with 150 sove. Idded. For three-year-olds and upwards. One mile and a quarter. Mr J. It. Crookeo's g g Saladin, aged........ 1 Mr T. J. Ryan's b o The Aco (late Jack of Clubs,) 8 yre................................ 2 Mr Sovior's ch m Misty Morn .......... . 8 Saladin and the Ace ran a dead heat at first, but in running off Saladin won easily. There was intense excitement. HANDICAP aon FounI-YEAR OLDS.-A Swoop stakes of 10 sove. each, h. ft., vrith 100 sove. added For four-year-olds. Two miles. MIr A. Bromfield's b h Planet ............ 1 Mr II. Sevior's br g Panmuro ............ 2 Quinn, who murdered the Chinese geardoner, was executed to-day, within the Boeehworth gaol. SYDNEY, FnRIDAY. Arrived.-Stcamer City of lqbart, from Hobart Town. ADELAIDE, FmuDAY. Carl Young, the farmer, who murdered Garroway, the bailiff, at Mount Gambior, was executed to-day. BA.NKRUPTCY CourT.-The only business at this Court yesterday was that of R. Chaf foy, of Noew Ground, Port Soroll, contractor. The bankrupt was not present. There had boon several adjournmente, and, on the appli cation of Mr Powell, who appeared for the banltrupt, the Commissioner dismissed the petition of the creditor, at whose instance Chaflby was declared bankrupt, thus teormina ting the bankruptcy. RATE DEFAULTERS.-At the Mayor's Court yesterday, about fifty cases were investigated and dealt with. It was intimated that unless all outstanding amounts were immediately paid, executions would be at once issued. HANDICAP SHOOTING MATCH.-We learn that it is in contemplation to hold a Grand Intercolonial Handicap Pigeon Match on the Monday of the race week, next February. Some of our crack shots are moving in the matter, and doubtless more will shortly be heard respecting it. IECHANICS' INSTITUTE. - On Monday aevening the pupils attending MIr Abrahbam e .Barrott's Collegiate Institute will give an en. Stortainment in the large hall of the Meohe e nice' Institute, for the purpose of assisting Mr and Mrs T. N. Ford-to whoso clver acnoting Sthe public of Launcston have been indebted for several evenings' amusementt-to leave for SMelbourne. The entertainment will consist of recitations, songs, and duets, and the.farces " Robin Rouanhbend, and (by desire) ", "Tweedloton's Tail Coat." The young gentle men have been in active rehearsal for some Stime, and a pleasant evening's amuosemont a may be anticipated. 'RACE MEETING AT LONGFORD. -- We learn that there is every prospect of the Longford Annual Race Meeting being revived in all its pristine glory. Of late years this meeting has fallen off to a mere farce; but, stimulated by the example of the Tasmanian Turf Club, the sporting men of Longford and the vicinity are determined to make an effort this season. A considerable sum in subscriptions has already been promised. No time has yet been definitely fixed, but the Longford men know what they are about, and if they really want a good day's sport they will fix upon a day within a week after the T. T. C. Autumn Meeting, and before all the horses attracted to Tasmania by that event have taken their flight. SUNDAY S 00noo Ls AND TUN RAILWAY.-FOr two or threeoyeara past most of the Laonueston 1 Suntday schoola have looked 'forwiard to th, opening of the railway, as affoIding a itnmple( and screoablo solution to the annual dillloulty -mwhat to dbfo~ theo childron'd?'trpat. It was ( tlhought that at a small cost an excursion into the country by rail might be secured for a large number of children who would other. wise be deprived of the luxury. Those expootations, however, are not likely to be realised just yet, unless the Directors of the Company are willine to modify their terms considorably. In response to enquiries made on behalf of somen of the schools, a rednuced tariff has boon pro posed, but one that is not sufficiently low to render it available. The funds of a Suuday school, almost exclusively dependent on its annual collections, are necessarily limited, and would never permit ofat from one to two shillings a head being paid for a irailway ex carsion. AS, the ordinary trains would be emnployed, with perhaps an extra second- class carriange, it is thought a very sanill clharge might be made, and whatever it, yielded would be so much gain to the Company. There are ten or a dozen schools in Laun ceston, comprising some two thousand children, which would probably avail themseolves of the railway for their annual treat if the -cost was such as they could afford; and there are many similar schools in the various districts traversed by the line that would be equally glad to employ it in this way. It has been suggested that a 'doputation of superintendents and other oflicers of the Launceston Sunday Schools should wait on the Directors to give expression to their views, and we have no doubt there would be every disposition on the part of the Company to meet what may fairly be des cribed as the public wish in this matter. THE BIuTISi FLAO Res'ECTEr. - The Scotsman tells a story which might have been of some value to Lord Granvillo when repudiating the idea of " the efficement of England." It seems that a Scotch resident in Paris, who had very reluctantly to desert his shop when the siege commenced, happily bIethought himself that in a country where no spurious flags or ensigns are allowed the "Union Jack" would be respected. Accord ingly, alter locking up, and with a heavy heart taking leavp of his property, he hoilted the British standard over the house. Whoen the gates of the beleagured city were par tially opened after the capitulation hu returned to the scene of his operations, and was delighted to find that his whole property "goods and gear," remained untouched, while other houses and shops in the locality had been thoroughly ransacked, even the floors being torn up in the search tor hidden treasure. An American who had neglected to float the stripes and stars had upwards of £240 worth of silver plate and other valuables carried off. AN EXTaAORDINARY AnvaRTISeoERNT. "HELP FOR TIE HO.LY SouLs.-All who compassionate the sufferings of the souls in purgatory will assist the Rev. Fr. Kirk, a native of Dublin, in building the new church and schools of St. Mary of the Holy Souls, at Kensal Nlow Town, near London. The name of any deceased relative or friend may be forwarded with every ten shillings subscribed: it will then be enrolled on the mortuary list, and Share in'nll the opouist doeotiona of the Church. Living people who wish to secure themselves against the forgetfulness of those they leave behind can send in their own names, merely adding the words 'when deceased.' Subscribers of is can have any soul prayed for during the space of one year from date of entrance. Full particulare sent a by post. Address, during the months of August and September, the Rev. Francis J. Kirk, 6, Upper Leeson-streeto, Dublin." i reemtan's Jotrnal, Aug. 3. STANLEY.-On the 3rd inst., Miss Lambert, oldest daughter of lMr C.D. Constable Lambert, who is about to leave Circular Head with her parents, was presented by the Rev. Charles Sanders, on behalf of the Wesleyan congregation here, with a very a handsome case made by Mr Thomas Fleet King of the various woods grown at Circular Ioead, and an album as a memento of affectionate regard and pome slight recogni tion of her valuable services cheerfully ren dared in playing the harmonium in the church for a considerable period. TRINITY CHURCH.-We remind our readers that the parishioners of St. Paul's Church are invited to attend Trinity Church to- morrow, as St. Paul's will be closed in consequence of the alterations being made there, and the Ss morning offertory will be appropriated to the St. Paul's Church Building Fund. There will be full choral servico both morning and evening by tile united choirs of both clhro;yes. WOOL IN CALtFORNNA.-A conSidslojable a trade in wool between the Eastern Coast of a Australia and California "looms in the 0 future." The Cit of Adelaide, on her last trip to San Francisco, took 250 bales, and it was then generally supposed that the fac t tories in the enterprising state of California 1 were supplied with wool fronm the London market. Being under this impression, we Y pointed out the possibility of our wool being shipped direct across the Pacific, and as the a railroad ran from the port of arrival to New I York, the saving to the American mnnufac a turer would be suficient to induce him to lpurchaso in the Australian colonies rather a than send to England for hIis supplies. a From the San Francisco Bulletin we learn tilat a larger amount of wool is produced in California than is generally asup. posed, but the quality of Australian wool will create for it a large demand. The Bulletin says :-" Most, if not all, of the wool con sumed by our factories is grown in California. The wool clip of tlis State is this year not less than 12,000,000 to 14r,000,000 lbs., and we shall send a largo proportion of it to tihe Atlantic States, whither tile Australian slhit. ments, which we lhople may increase, will also be forwarded. It is true, however, that n Scertain amount of Ausctralian wool is in di mand hero, on acc:ount of its long staple. Tse t friendly expression of the Sdney .dlorning HIerald, in respect to reciprocity, will be cor dially responded to by the people of California." S-Sydeey .lorning iferald. s Dn LVINerSTONs.-? e seo by an English Spaper thlat Sir Itlo'orick Murchison has received a i letter from Dr Kirk, at Zanzibar, dated July 19, 1871, l,' which hlie stlates:-" I casd, I regret to say, ' ire no farther accounts of Livingstone. What Slast I wrote about his visit to that ltillo*kowa pIlace aaest of .Tageanyika is confirmed, and the Arabs froms that quarter seem to count him quite one of the residents of those places. There is certainly no ill-feeling on the part of tile Arabs to himt. The little jealousy they seeu to have shoen at first lhas passed off, and I sent a letter a few days ago by the firslt caravan of the season to Ujiji. Do. not despair. The doctor is movisn slowly,butassfely; he evidently. f:lools his way, r and ia determiuned to leave little dobles behind him this time.' OQut INsran SHOET to-dny onnlalnt, The Printo of Waloe Birthday ; Something Now in Shown ; Weotbury, Longford, and GOmpboll Towt MunlshpalCausnil mootin TI o Oatholio Shbima lin Germany; Strasburg o .thedral alter the W?ir I Red- Tapelem nnd Thistles; News of the Week, do. ExpLosIvE CoMrorrrNDs?-A correspondoat of Nature, in endeavoring to explain the hitherto unoxplained traginal explosion of gun. cotton at Stowmarlcet, asuggests that possibly it wnoa ooasioned by the fall of a meteoloric steno. In no article on Les illodess, M. Zalioski sa, sorts that the explosive properties of inflam. rouble matter aro not dependent on tho normal teompratoro of the atmosphere, but Uot its hygrometric state. GOnpowdors, ho a dulringa drought acquiro spontaneouo exploaivo qualities, even without any elevation of tom. porature, whilo they are also nmoro ready to not upon and communicato the smallest spark. If this is correct, it is very important that it should be widely known, and carefully at. tenderd to. WcsrLE'AN~.-Yestorday Ovening tho Fiona.: cial District mooting hold its first sitting in the Patterson-street Church vostry, and will gono tinue to moot for soveral days. Roproesnta. tires of the iress are not admitted to these mootings, the usual practice being for the Secretary to furnish a report at the and of the session. To-morrow the ministers attending the District mooting will preach at the various stations- the Rovds. iV. A. Quick, J. White, and H. Mack at Pattorson-street, and Roy. T.. P. Bird at Margaret-stret. On Monday the Sunody. school anniversiry ten meeting will be held at Loongford. The sermon to the young willbe` preacuohed by the Rev, J. White in Patterson. stteet Churchb, to-morrow afternoon, commen,. ing at 3 o'clock. 1NTERMeNT OF A Ssrurn or OOArRITy.-At an early hour yesterday the Church of St. Joseph was filled bIy a devout congregation, anxlous to oe present at the last solemn rites of Telllion performed In suffrago for the soul of th'e Rev. Mother of tile Sisters of Charity-Mother Mary Francis do Sales O'Brien. "'ith deceased cams to this cofony with other Sisters of Charity in the year 1847, attd was for many years Soperlorese of the Convent attached to St. Joseph's Church, At hallfpast 8 a.m. the solemn office for (the dead was said, prior to the celebration of the Requiem Mess. At about a quarter-past 10 i?m, the funeral procession moved from the Church, headed by the croshboarer, acolytes, and clergy. Eight young ladics acted as pall-bearers, and about two iaudred and filty childred, the girls wearing white veils, followed the corpse oI usedes a large number of gentlemen, who toutok ,his opportunity of testifying their relpectend admiration of the many virtues of the deceased. SW'hen the procession arrived at the principal on. trance to the cemetery, the " lliserere," and otber psalms of the oflico for the dead were intoned,and tile last solemtt rites of religion at the grave were perfortned by the Very Rev. tho Vicar.Gederal. \- -Yesterday'sll[ I. IMercury. low THEY AltO OrAn uP.--The followineg 1 catalogue ol the falsities of a fashionable belle on ilthe promenade appears in Mir Editor Jrofaot's capltal,"Table Talk" in the Chicago .cening Post : Anoon the changes of the walk reveal '1The patent instop and the patoent heel; Tlhe patent patuor rounods the form divine, Its patent arch supports a patent spine, oo lnds nmtchless symmetry, anti stylish gallt, -..Ad "o~,e the label. " PPalte- 'co. o Iehold the pt.at,tive glanao of lanugid eyei; e The pencilled lashes urlter as she sighs And lifts her crayon eyeorows in surprise. She shakes her head- four peeks of vagrant hair Fly like a lhopyard in the August air; Y And twenty grim ghosts whispet her aside r "Dear sylpit twe wore that wig betlre we dled," .t To whom respoudeth unabashed theiL auty, S"Get oet, you spooksh I guess I know v.yjuty I I. 'The garish gas her patent charms revealhll, tier bosom heaves with cottono.batting feellin tier false teeth gnash wlhl gutta- percha Ire' lier false eyes flash with fabricated fire, t, Shelo drops her patent chignon in a chair .e 'Then jumps to pick it up .r But I forbear. ie How TO VAnnD OF' HEAT FROat HOUses, in -An opportunity is offered to householders of y mrking their habitntions endurable during the t heat of the coming sulnner.. Mr John D.Gib. r on, recently arrived from Adelaide, and who has r taken business premises at 49 Elizabethitresat, f Mololbonrne, is prepared to counterset the effect t- of the nan's rays upon the zino and elate roofs 1- of the city buildings. He Is the possesoy of a o composite resembling white palot, snd .whihb, when applied to the roof by means of a brosh, lines le effoct of cooling the surface over which it r5 is spread. A trial of the composito was made In Sour presence on IVednesday. A sheet of' szin v, covering a passage, and which was exposed to of the sun, was painted with Mir Gibson's speciic, to and alhbooh the sheet of zin unpinted wseas to disagreeably hot to tio touch, the one operated on was almost cold Several'of tihe leading e firms n Melhourne have called in lir Gnrson' services, and are satisfied with the rediultof 'li a' application of his refrigerating mixture. Deforn le leaving Adolaide his composite was called into f requlsitln by a la)srge number of holders of boise to properties, Irom whom tie has most satisfactory testimonials.-T?elegraph. it BonNT AND RAW QUAnTz.-" An interest c. Inc incident." reports tie Pleasant Creek Mrews S" was connected withl the last crushing from the o t)arlington Company's claim. A difference of opinion existed among the directors as to the '0 relative merits of the system of burning the g Iquartz, as compared with that which sends it to i1 the mills as it COIoes from below. In order to Wv test the question, therefore, the stone was equally C. divided, alternato trucks, being emptied on the to kil , and in the lainac reserved for thsttobe rashed raw. Fro exactly equal quantities by meaonremenlt, the retorns showodl tlhat the Hirnt S stone lost two nld n Ihalf tons in weicht, the ' respectiveo n,umber of tonlle being-raw, 6?r ton0s is burut, i tons. Thle yield rome the bhart tone p. oexeenedol that from the other by no;. Idewt. 8gr,, 111 the total of gold boine-raW stone, 38on. 17dwt. In Igr., burnt 41oz. 13dwt. The statisticiwill ba va'nble as furnslhior data ,upon whbich.t o n- estimate thle most profitable course to purse . uOn ter similar ctrenmstances, as we are inlormed that tl here ls every reason to believe that the id experiment was conducted fairly." 10 K OSEno E OIL A REM oDY FOR CANCoa' rI' r Sedgwick Cowper has written to C 's e 1'mrns, 1o recommending kerosene oil as a remedy for cancer, a lie says :--" To'o tlhe Editor of '/hs Ti?ime Si, 0- -The extract fron thle DrifieL 1lfedical Journal l1 which you pblislhed on Saturdaly last, relastie to cancer, seells to indicate the prevalence to slrg8 r degree of that dreadfol malady, and as Ihave not anywhere seen allosion made to an applicatlo whlch I hove found to be wenierlullfy curative in the treatment of ulcerated and eatlcerous hh wounds, both in human being srld the lower a order of aeoimals, I venture, as trlefIly as pOsliblr, 9, to call yonr attention to it. . The specificto which y, I allode is tCe ivegeto-mineral oil known in An? t tralila nder the tiame of ' kerosence,' and which I is procrable at nominsl coot of asout 9. Od per I gallon. Thile cheapness of price thus pslace it within e the reaell of any sufferer. To any persons who deec ij it worth their while to inquire I silall be most a hapny to impart, without expense to them,. ech n ia klnowledge as my ownt experienlce0 has IndUoed, Sandt while oocertuio of its efi:oncy in cases a! I horidltary alment, I feel much confidence thbt Sthis remedy will be found seaccessfol in mostother p, iastances.-I am, sir, your obedient servant, a SDooswCu S. CoweR, New Soath Wales AnnD Exhibition, Aug. 30." 