THE LAL LAL LAND MYSTERY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. James Alfred Ralph. Lai Lai, 21st June. SIR, —if “A. B. ” will just give me his name, I shall know better how to address him. But, Sir, I will just begin with the innocent. There is nothing Very sheepish about me. lain ah old tar, and ready to run tilt at this anonymous : “A. 8., ’ though he, fight under hatches. I was manager when a lease was ap plied for—mining manager, not.legal manager—aud it appears I did not know all about it. I had no objec tion to make as to their applying {or the lease in the manner in which it was agreed to apply, namely for the mineral, excising the surface, and the mode in which I got -my shares, viz., by agreement, that agreement, coupled with Mr Spence’s remarks in his note,- which I forward, will show the truth of what I state. And now to his question why I did. not make objection till I was removed, &c.; Well, Sir, from this sufficient cause, because I knew nothing about it until I found it out on the -day I came to you, and I was made acquainted with it through Mr Knight, who got the news from their present manager. And now to this little insinuation about the necessity of removing me. Will Mr “A. 8.” state what that necessity, was. I am'sorry, Mr Editor, to have to enter into any thing personal, my desire being simply to have an enquiry—departmental or in a court of law, or, in fact, any way—to clear up what I say is a swindle. But I cannot let this insinuation pass unnoticed. I will therefore, with your kind permission show what my duties were, and leave you to judge of the cause for my removal. Well, Sir, I was manager for'twenty months, and my duties were —Well! what ?—Why to suck my thumbs if I could find nothing better to do; £3 per week to write about nothing -and go to the post for an answer. Well, Sir, the whole thing, so far as the management goes, is a farce. But more of this anon. The company has been a piece of rank absurdity from first to last, and if Mr “A. 8.,” or Mr any number of letters, can gainsay the truth of anything that I have said from first to last, I say clear away for action. I am just roused by oppression till I can stand it no longer. Let’s have an enquiry, or deny the faotsr as stated by me. I grant I was. manager, that lam a shareholder, and that I got my shares for a consideration. It was only the quid that brought old reminiscences to my mind. Seriously, Sir, this demands an enquiry, and if wrong, Sir, let me be for ever silenced as an im postor and an.injured innocent. The St. Kilda Ghost Captured.—During the last few days the nervous folks living in the neighborhood of the East St. Kilda Cemetery have been enduring considerable alarm from the nocturnal appearance of a most unuaual object, deporting itself in a fashion very much unlike ordinary bipeds. Superstition soon set it down as a ghost, and rumor did the rest. The eternal resource in all troubles of the outside world, -viz., the police, was resorted to, and the invulnerable as well as inexorable peeler soon brought the mid- night rambler to bay. It appears that the ghost was of a very tangible character. A youth, it appears, had provided himself with very high stilts, which he had covered with pantaloons, and lengthened his arms pro- portionately. Thus transformed, he amused him- self in striding over fences, tombstones, and every obstacle of moderate dimension, to the astonishment of the neighbors and passers by. The identity being discovered, the fears of the neighbors are allayed.— Herald, 22nd June. Tom Leopold. —The Herald notices the death of Mr Tom Leopold. He was a dancer and pantomimist of the highest class, and gained his early experience from Tom Matthews, Barnes, Jefferini, and other Eng lish pantomime artists. In company with his brothers, George and Henry, and Fraulein Fannie (Mis Henry Leopold), he left England under engagement with Mr George Coppin, and with them appeared for the first time in Australia, in Akhurst’spantomime “ Whitting ton and his Cat,” in December, 1857. Some two years-back Mr Leopold caught a very violent cold, which ultimately took the form of chronic pleurisy, to which he finally succumbed after severe suffering. Ministerial Doings.— We are in a position to an nounce that the hon. the Chief Secretary will address his constituents at Kyneton on Monday next, at 7 p.m.; the Treasurer at Geelong, on Wednesday: and the Minister of Lauds at the Ayooa, on Thursday.— Herald, 22nd June. 