royal victoria theatre. On Saturday " Ingomar " was produced, with Mr. M. Tavares in the cha racter of the Barbarian. To say that this play was a great success would be thoroughly untruthful, for, with the exception of Mrs. Heir, with now and then a spark of f animation from the " star," the characters were very imperfectly sustained. The make-up of Mr. Tavares was not good, and the pourtrayal of the love-struck Barbarian Chief was uneven, and at times positively weak. The Timarch was miserably rendered by Mr. Clifford. The impersonation of Parthenia by Mrs. Heir was an artistic and finished one, and frequently elicited loud applause. The other characters, as a whole, were only fairly rendered. A novel edition of " Macbeth " was performed on Monday evening ; itimight be called an expurgate, edition, since it was purged of many beautiful passages ; many novelties were in troduced, and but little was worthy of commendation ; it was performed in such a manner that it was only a wonder that Shakspere himself did not appeal', spiritually, to protest against murders so foul and frequent. There appeared to be an entire absence of stage management in its pro duction, and the scene-shifters were most culpably careless. Some of the supers appeared in boots of the present period, which contrasted very absurdly with the Shaksperian costumes of the principals. Mr. Tavares seemed particularly nervous and ill at ease, and did not give a good read ing to the character of Macbeth, although there was a vast improvement on the second night of the performance of the tragedy. His dress in the first act was unbecoming, loose-fitting guernsey sleeves not adding to the effect. Some portion of the Banquet scene was well given, especially his address to Banquo's ghost. His astonishment, terror, and remorse were well and powerfully depicted, his attitude as Banquo leaves the banquet- ting-room being highly effective. Mrs. Heir both dressed and acted the part of Lady Macbeth with much skill, and, considering the difficulties under which she labored, and the small amount of support she received, with vefy fair success. Her pourtrayal was finely wrought, thoroughly effective and natural, and there was an absence of staginess into which this popular artiste occasionally lapses. Rosse was fairly represented by Mr. Harding, who, though very ineffective in his make- up, was well up in the dialogue. Much credit is due to Mr. Power for his really excellent imper sonation of the First Witch ; he was well supported by Mr. Andrews and Miss Melville as second and third Witches. Mr. Darrell was tolerably suc cessful in the role of Macduff, although it is one to which he is quite un- suited. His reading of Hecate was good, and the musical portion was fairly given. "Othello" was performed on Wednesday, in which Mr. Tavares sustained the character of Iago with great power. It is undoubt edly one of the best of his impersonations, and is second only to that of Sir Harcourt Courtly. Mrs. Heir's Desdemona was effective, and Mr. Darrell's Othello, for so young an actor, was commendable ; it would have been much more acceptable but for the continual volley of r-r-r-r's to which the audience were treated ; every word in which an r occurred being sacrificed for the benefit of that letter. Another fault to which most or all of the company are prone, with the exception of Mrs. Heir and Mr. Tavares, is that of facing the audience, and although engaged in a conversation with some of the characters in the play, appearing to address some one in the pit or parquette. It is very unnatural, fand at times highly ludicrous. This (Friday) evening, Mi\ Tavares appears in the cha racter of Hamlet, on the occasion of his benefit. He has already been highly commended for this impersonation. On Saturday a new piece, entitled " Foul Flay," will be produced. madame marie duret. This talented artiste is announced to appear in an entertainment at Manly Beach on Saturday, and at Parramatta on Monday, evenings. school of arts. The Gourlay family have made their re-appearance in Sydney, and are now performing very successfully at the Hall of this Institute. Their en tertainment, which is an exceedingly amusing one, includes sundry songs, sentimental, comic, and character, together with a veiy laughable come dietta, " the Rights of Woman," and a musical extravaganza. A very pleasant evening may be spent in company with the Gourlay family. 