i LECTURE ON "SPIRITISM AND THE 1 HIGHER MAGIC." Dr Rohner delivered his second lecture on » Spiritism," and its connection with tlie occult sciences, on Friday evening, at the Star Theatre, Chiltern. The andience was not so large as on the former occasion, but appeared to have a higher appreciation of tbe lecture, owing, partly, to an improvement in the doctor's delivery and the arrangements for heaving, as well as the increasing interest of the subject and the startling theories enunciated by the lecturer. The doctor, 'after referring slightly to' his former lecture, alluded to tbe vision of the headless man, and the other and truer vision which had made so great an impression upon him, — that sight which he saw so clearly, which convinced him of the immortality of the soul, and which he could only name as a vision of the imperso nation of the depth of the linman mind. He then endeavored by a glance at the political, social, and religions state of America, to trace the cause for the advance of spiritualism in that country. He looked upon it as an epi demic. America rather feels than thinks. She has no great philosophers and thinkers to he compared to the stars of the old world, benjamin Franklin, that thief of Jupiter's thunderbolts, was tne only star in science. The lecturer spoke of the relations between America and England. He compared the former to the young Hercules with the snakes in the cradle, which snakes he was even then strong enough to crush. Pot-bellied John Bull must not - sneer- at America ; the days were fast approaching when she would throw away her small boots and put on her seven- leame boots, which even now she tried on occasionally, although she walked in them rather awkwardly. Old nations must advance or suffer decay. The lecturer proceeded to examine what he considered instances of spiritism in the Bible. He -looked upon the resuscitation of the child of the Shunamite woman by Elisha as exhibiting the prophet's power as a spiritist. Death is usually pre ceded by a state of lethargy, from which the subject of it may be recovered by a violent shock, or a strong effort of will, and it was by this means and the power of magnetism, that Elisha had worked. The lecturer then alluded to some of the miracles of the New Testa ment. He spoke of Jesus Christ as the Great Magician ; the only God-man he had ever known ; the only Jew he had ever loved. In reviewing tbe miracle where Christ, after his resurrection, appeared to his apostles, and disappeared suddenly from amongst them, the door being closed, the doctor said it was not a spirit that appeared to the disciples hut real flesh and blood. He then read an extract from Josephus to show that crucified persons often recovered after being nailed to a cross a mnch longer time than Christ was. How the real body of the Saviour could vanish as stated in the scriptures, he would not explain to them, hut he could do so. To the disap pointment of his audience, who had been promised in the former lecture to be gradually led up to an understanding of some of the deep mysteries of magic, the doctor informed tbein that such things could not safely be divulged. He could not reveal them without the permission of his fellow- magicians. It would be death to him to communicate the knowledge he possessed, and were he to do so a large increase of the police force in Chiltern would be necessary ; nothing was more dan gerous than to impart such mysteries to the uninitiated, and the ignorant. The lecturer concluded by reading an extract from a work entitled " Footfalls on the Boundaries of Another World," in which an account is given of a passenger on a wrecked vessel, appearing, unconsciously to himself, on board another vessc-l miles distant. He appeared to the mate of the vessel, and when the mate after wards went into the captain's cabin, there was written on the slate, " Steer to the north west." The advice Was taken, and the un fortunate persons on the wrecked vessel were saved, amongst them the one the mate had seen, and whose writing corresponded exactly with that found on the slate. This story the doctor not only believes, hut appears also to understand. At the end of the lecture Dr Rohner stated that he thought three more lectures would finish the series. The following letter was published prior to that which recently appeared in our columns ; it is headed " Spiritualism Rampant" : — Sir, — With reference to an article in last week's issue of your papier,' headed " Newest Wonders of the Spiritists," I .wish to make a few statements that might open the eyes of the public — scientific or unscientific — for ignorance of magic makes them all alike blind ; they have eyes, hut cannot see with tlieni ; they have ears, but cannot hear with them. What a pity to be surrounded by such beauties of nature and to have no senses to receive and eijjoy them ! A man, in our modern times, without a thorough knowledge of magic, must, I should imagine, almost go mad when he constantly hears of all these wonderful things of spiritualism, without being able to explain them on sound hard scientific principles. A man without a know ledge of magic, or with no more knowledge of it than is in a magic lantern, reminds me of a blind man sitting before a landscape of" Eden, or of a deaf man sitting in the opera house whilst one of Mozart's operas is per forming, or of a man without any papillae vallatfo in his tongue sitting before a table p oauing under the load of the daintiest viands of the " cuisine," or of a man in a perfumery shop with his olfactory organ destroyed — under such conditions it is impossible to enjoy one's existence, to live and be happy. 1 erily, verily, I say unto yon, who is initiated mto the mysteries of magic, is a very god amongst you, poor creatures of clay, without x, y, z. I am too much in earnest about the business in question to desire to mystify you or anybody else. I tell yon, Magic explains all the mysteries, however extravagant they may appear to your poor eyes, of spiritualism, and of a few other things equally interesting, and I, moreover, tell you, that a magician is residing in your very midst who will one of these days make a few of you dance to his Zauberflote, only to convince you of the reality of his science. "What im poverished, atrophied brains these poor Brookes, Coxes, Dr Hugginses, etc., must have not to be able to find out the mysteries of the organisation of Mr D. D. Home ! They ought to be ashamed of the flattering hut false' appellations, as applied to them, of men of science, and especially doctors. The host doctors in all human history have been magicians. Yours, <5rc., \ c. w. bohneb, m.d., — M.(agise) D.(octor;. yP.S. — The headless spectirel saw on Sunday night, 27th August, was, I am now credibly informed, the ghost of John McCallnm, a portion of whose skull is still in -my posses sion, and which he is supposed to have come to claim from me at last.—C. W. E. 