THE DRAYTOX MUNICIPAL ELECTION. To the Eititur uflhe. I). D. Gazette. Sin, — 'Spartacus' and '\V. J. Peak' having put forward grave charges in your last iasuc ng&innt; the Uetuming-Ofliccr and Poll Clerk acting at tlie municipal election, I request you will ullow me space to answer them. The former writer states I accompanied voters Beveral times during the dny to mi opposite hotel. This is a most unwarrantable and grossly unfounded statement, and I defy 'Spartacus' to name such voters. I went to Mr Conroy's cart opposite an hotel for some lemonade, anil tins with the express permission of the Ueturmng-Ollicer and at the desire of the scrutineer ; and that / endeavored to intro duce religion into the election is equally fulsc. Respecting Mr Peak's grievance in not bring al lowed to vote, I cannot sue he has aught to complain of. He failed to comply with the law, and Uonce he should put up with the consequences. The case is this : — Mr Peak refused to pay the rates due on certain paddocks that were assessed iu his name. He appealed against the assessment this year, nnd it was confirmed in his name. Mr Peak made a great show of holding a receipt ia full for 1871, but such receipt only referred to the numbers on such receipt which referred to the properties they represented. Touching tbe election, I consider the ratepayers who solicited Mr (irooui to represent them in the Drayton Council treated that gentleman very un generously in not supporting him, and from the little interest taken in the matter by Mr Groom himself in not even voting, it is now generally believed that the honor nf being a candidate for an alderman of Drayton was forced on Mr Oroom. I am, Sir The Poll Clerk. Drayton, 2ith Oct. 1871. A considerable number of the sporting fraternity of the city of Brisbane mustered, says the Colonial, at the Police Court on Wednosday morning last in the expectation of hearing the cose of Timothy Howe v, Michael Ware, which has excited great interest in sporting circles. The defendant is charged with being in unlawful possession of the well-known race horse 'Nightshade,' which is supposed to have been stolen from the complainant. The animal, which his worth £IU0 at least, was, it is alleged, taken from a paddock at Nudgee and impounded, and was afterwards soid out of the pound, unknown to complainant, for about £7, the defendant being the purchaser. There are one or two very ugly rumours afloat iu connection with this rather sus picious looking piece of business, which it will lie the duty of the Court, now that the affair is in the hands of the police, to clear up. The horse is in the enstody of the police, ami was produced outside the Court this morning. The case, however, did not come on, the Police Magistrate acceding to an application made by the complainant's attorney to adjourn it until next Friday. At length Rockhompton has a ghost story of its own. There is a house in Blank-street, which some months ago was the scene of a homicidal crime. It has since been occupied, 'semi occasionally,' by courageous persons at a reduced rental. But none of them could effectually dispute the supremacy of the ghost, or give to any other agency than a spirit ual medium the credit of mysterious tappings which made night anxious to the unhappy occupants. Recently a vateran colonist, who was in want of a sMftnii finnnv -«AAt his lonpiiur eves on the hannted dwelling, and, though warned against the companion ship of its disagreeable inmate, he forthwith con cluded an advantageous bargain with tlie agent. Until Tuesday night Mr Veteran was not troubled, and began to think the traditionary ghost little bettor Man a shadowy legend ; bat on that evening, being somewhat distressed by the heat, he sat op antilafter midnight, contemplating the clouds —of totwoco issuing from his meerschaum— when lo t a light and cautious foot placed itoetf on the verandah, and stealthily approached the room in which Veteran was enjoying his obVm,inan atmosphere of semi dtrkness. 1 moment after a figure appeared in the doorway, which brought Veteran on nis hind lees, and induced him to greet his visitor with a forcible bat impolite exptetive and an npufted stick. The ghost hearing tfctwtter, did wot wait to feel the we%ht«f tiie Utter, bat bolted wit* thefleetness ofagreyhouBd. Mr Veteran had prepared a heavy cWrgeofdock-enotforUi* night, and intended to sftep Mtighmsly fee lit mysteriam visitor, bat «* bad [fatal* of BOtiimgat&gttinary; «p tothe bow of averting to press this ttwohw.-^Wmitwotfrtt to AiAtBatns. 