THE TOILERS OE THE ANTIPODES. A SOCIETY SENSATION NOVELETTE. Chapter XI. Sydney Migibles, and Sydney Dancers. — Unbecoming results of Fainting. " Who played Antony to Cleopatra, at this eventful ball? Alas ! the wrong man." Serpens Blacker was there, arrayed as Mephistopheles, but he found other piscatorial specimens to fry, and save for a duty dance or two, deserted the Eastern Princess for the Fairy Queen and divers unknown peasants. " Did Angelina's love turn all to hate in the face of this neglect ?" Ah ! well-a-day for woman, she loved him all the more. Perversity is love's first law. Un-get-at-able peaches ever look the sweetest, and slippery eels are of all fish most enticing. But Mr. M. P. Sellvote, to whom they owed the tickets, brought many a beau to introduce to bis fair guests. Oh, the charming array of Sydney eligibles ! Up came Civil ser vants by the score, not dressed in their own liveries— work-worn bank clerks, yellow as gold — volunteer officers who sighed for "regular" distinction— rowing-club gentlemen in flannels, who looked as if at sea or ready for a swim — black buzzing-bee lawyers who'd left their stings at home and only brought their honey — manly squatters come to town for an after-shearing spree — and un-monied merchants by the dozen. And then there was the navy, and one particular captain — and Dr. Bogie Wellson, a mighty political engine, who worked well at quadrilles. Many, and excruciating, were their modes of dancing. Some threaded the giddy maze with skilful Reindeer footsteps,— but others ! There was the Kangaroo style, with its hop ! hop ! ! hop ! ! ! and go hop !. . . . ! There was the Bruin style, with its jig ! jig 1 jig 1 — whirl-a-gig ! The Butting-bull, with a plunge, bump, and mad wild rush ; and the whiz ! whir-r-swoop of the Seabird. And then .there were the marvellous paces of unbundled colts and queer-legged screws ; the gallop, canter, nim-pim, the frequent butter-making trot, and rare, delicious amble of the ball-room cobs and hacks. But Miss Wiggins enjoyed not these delightful partners. In vain did the captain distil salt-water compliments and vaguely hint of " splicing," and " sailing in convoy." In vain did Dr. Bogie Well- son discourse of spirits and water, and Mr. Sellvote of colonial politics. Twice only did she rouse herself to interest. 'Twas first when Dr. Bogie Wellson mentioned a ghost who could rap out the future, and with clairvoyance answer secret questions. Immediately the lorn damsel cried, " Oh come to tea to-morrow, and bring your spirits with you ! " ' A second time her energies were stirred, that Sellvote member dared to offer her a seat in his private cabinet, a Home-secretary ship for life. Ireful, the woman all uprose, " Sir, in coming to this land of radical ill-government I have fallen low, but still I hope I ne'er may reach the sinking level of a manhood suffrage M.L.A. " The maiden turned, and turning saw an ownerless programme lying at her feet. She rescued it, and read. Six times the name of Serpens Blacker w'as inscribed upon its baneful face. It was all too much. Fainting, she cried for "claret-cup." Ere it could be procured the fair Cleopatra swooned — in the nearest waiter s arms. Horrified and struggling with her weight he dropped her quickly, gasping, "I only undertook to sarve at light refreshments, so the eavy ladies' business isn't in my line ! " A dozen gentlemen rushed to the collapsed one's rescue, and the captain raised her senseless head. Presently, came Dr. Wellson, crying, "Water, water, there's nought like water ! " and seizing, by mistake, a can of shandy-gaff, douced it over the fainting lady and her supporting captain. He jumped up with uniform all spoilt, and squared angrily at the doctor, while Miss Wiggins opened her visual orbs and wailed in piteous accents, " My crimps ! my waves ! you've spoilt my curls and turned my crown to papier-mache! " A woful warning spectacle, the once radiant Cleopatra now pre sented. Dripping, and odorous of malt and ginger, with frizzly locks all straightened, and the rouge and powder (that privilege that makes a fancy ball dear to the heart of woman) mixed with the smut from her Egyptian eyebrows, trickling in variegated streaks adown those pallid cheeks. Two at the head, and two at the feet, they bore her from the ball room. Perkins, sorrowing, was compelled to follow with programme all unended. But, somehow, the ball continued to whirl on without them, and deserted partners did not break their hearts. (To be continued. ) 