Extemporaneous Teaching. IS SAID OF WHITEFIELD—a man IT whose discourses extorted admiration .from tbe cold taste and impervious infidelity of HUMI, and induced tbe unimpassioned, reasoning, and pertinacious BENJAMIN FRANKLIN to give all the money he bad about him to a charity upon which he had previously resolved not to bestow a penny—a man yrho drew tens of thousands together wherever he preached, and held their attention rivetted for hours in succession whilst he spoke to them upon subjefts with which they were already familiar—a divine who was probably instrumental in making a larger number of converts to the true faith of the Gospel than any other clergyman of his age —it is said even of WHITEFIELD that his career would have been a failure had circumstances made him asettled instead ofan itiueratingminister. It was not so much what this extraordinary man said, although his discourses wire always worth listening to, as his manner of saying it, that carried the largest 'audiences with biro; for, both in voice and aflion WHITE- FIELD was a consummate afior—we do not use the word in an offensive senso, since it is beyond dispute that he personated no emotion and uttered no sentiment which did not emanate from the depths of his soul. And yet such discourses as he delivered required long •tudy and frequent recitations, like a part in a play, before full effeft could be given to such well-known passages as his appeal to GABRIEL who is assumed to have been present in the congregation, but is now mounting aloft, to pause a moment before entering the portals of heaven, that he might bear with him tidings of one repentant sinner; or that highly wrought scene in which he dfepi&ed; the agony of the SAVIOUB in the garden, as though what he described was adually passing before the eyes of the congregation—a passage which,although frequently repeated in his addresses, never lost its efte& upon the assembly. So, also, when at the close of a discourse he personated a Judge about to perform the last awful part of his office — when with eyes filled with tears, and an emotion that made his speech falter, after a pause which kept the whole audience in breathless expectation of what was to come,WHITE- FIELD proceeded in a tremendous strain of eloquence to describe the eternal punishment of the wicked, and then repeated the words of CHRIST, " depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting tire, prepared for the devil and his angels!" the scene had all the grandeur and produced all the influence of reality upon a highly excited audience; but then, as we have already said, such sermons although apparently extemporaneous were really practiced, oft-recited performances. Tliey were new only to frequently changed audiences, and if after they ceased to be new they produced effe&s; such as are rarely produced even by pulpit eloquence of the highest order, it was because practice made each subsequent effort more perfect We have the testimony of FRANKLIN* to theetFe& that it was easy to distinguish between sermons WHITEFIELD had newly composed andthose in which his elocution had become perfeS by fre quent repetition. But if it be true of such men 3SWRITEFIELD that frequent changes of audience were essential to continued success, what shall we say of those who with greatly more modest pretensions are nevertheless expeSed to entertain the same readers and hearers, week after week, through a series of years; and particularly of writers for the public press whose manner, if there be anything in it worthy of commendation, is wholly lost to the reader, and who arc therefore obliged to depend entirely uponabil ity to say something new, or to say what somebody has said before them, in a clearer and more forcibleonantier, illustrating the subjeA by occurrences with Which the reader is already familiar ? • We have often put this question to ourselves whilst endeavoring to fill the leading columns of the " NEWS," and have sometimes fancied that itinerating editors would not be less useful than travelling preachers. True, the readers of newspapers would under such an arrangement lose the benctit of that local knowledge which only a long residence can supply; and to a very great extent community of interest between writer and reader would also cease; but in exchange for this the latter would obtain freshness of thought and variety of topic, with the additional advantage that subjeds which had been labored repeatedly before would now be handled with greater ability than is possible when one-half die writer's contribution is necessarily put into type before tbe other half is written, and when a printer's devil, bawling for copy,renders it necessary that something, no matter what, shall be sent to the compositor in satisfaction of his inexorable demands. In such cases there can be no " new and revised edition" of an editor's lucubrations. They come before the public as striftly extemporaneous projiu-fions, and very generally contain something ei.her in style or sentiment through which a pen would have been drawn bad leisure been afforded for careful revision. To compare the leaders of a newspaper whose editor is a fixture—the only thing that is so it) the whole establishment—with the carefully revised essays of a more leisure-taking writer is therefore manifestly unjust to the former; the work being performed under wholly dissimilar conditions. And yet we are not quite certain that there is nut here, also, a compensation for want of finish in tbe freshness and uatunil as- peft of journalistic literature when contrasted { with the polished prec : sion, of more voluminous | write! s. The same remark holds good .in reference to"^ extemporaneous preaching. Itis manifest that a sermon prepared many weeks before its jtle--- livery— read over and over again —expanded here and abbreviated there—and improved by. such additional illustrations and proof* "as TUrather thought upon any subjeft will supply, must be altogether a different'aflairfrom the effort of; a minister who trusts to the inspiration of the hour, and enters the pulpit without having even sele&ed; the text he means to " improve" for the benefit of a congregation. Yet, supposing both the preachers equal in natural ability, and equally well informed upon -the subjeft brought before the audieuce,theextemporaneo us speaker will' generally be most popular, and although not die most instru&ive; he may be the most useful. The earnestness and apparent depth of feeling such men exhibit almost always rea&s; upon those who are present, and a belief that the speaker feels the importance of the subjeft be is discussing, and desires, because he is in earnest, not only to convince the judgment of those who hear bim, but also to excite them to a&ion;, will go a great way towards inducing a congregation to condone that want of profundity which is the prominent defed of all such discourses. We have ourselves listened with attention, and we hope with profit, to extemporaneous addresses, or what seemed to be so, which did not contain a single original idea; and yet we might have turned with disgust from the same discourse if it had been drawled out from a manuscript, read as though tbe minister felt not the slightest interest in the matter, but was only anxious to reach the final, " and now to God the Father" with which it has become usual to close even discourses which neither GOD the Father nor GOD the Son have anything to do with. But although such offhand exhibitions of.fervid zeal unaccompanied by knowledge are occasionally tolerable, we confess we should not like to be tied down to a constant repetition of them. The human mind is so construded.that its catenate WILL forever thrust themselves forward in search of nutriment ; and if food for thought cannot be supplied in any particular Church or Chapel it may be depended upon that people will search elsewhere for what is indispensably necessary to the healthy growth and expansion of their intelleCfual faculties. That the English Church has of late been shorn of its former dimensions until, if Mr. NIALL is to be credited, it is no longer the Church of the Nation, is, we verily believe, due in a higher degree to the ignorance and want of fidelity of its inferior clergy than to any other circumstance, if we except the great fatt to which this inferiority is mainly due —the union of the Church with the secular power. " Now, although extemporaneous writing and speaking may be very easy things—and we believe they are easy to those who confine themselves to subjects with which they are familiar; and although eadh of these things has its advantages, we are particularly anxious to guard ourselves against the imputation of desiring to encourage public teachers of any kind to enter upon their work without all the preparation which circumstances will allow. We know some persons who pride themselves upon a wonderful facility in stringing together words and sentences—one of them remarked the other day that he could write faster than he could count, and that no newspaper article of his cost more than an hour or two of labor—a statement probably exaggerated,' but which, even it true, refle&ed; no credit on the speaker. Words ought always to arise fr.rni, and be the means of conveyiug information to others, or to be the means of inducing them to discharge some negledted duty; but in the case of the individual alluded-to, verbose communications only disclose an entire absence of information, and if they produce any impression at all it is that of disgust—disgust at the presumption which undertakes to teach what the writer has himself still to learn. We do not know whether this "rapid composer" or his SANCHO PANZA is en- titled to the credit of having produced a leader which we met with in a local "paper the other day, and which we thought at the time was the most striking illustration of the " vox preterea nihil" which chance ever threw in our way. The "NEWS" had said something about" Common Sense," and, the next week after, the production to which we are alluding made its appearance. It occupied two columns ofa paper, but if it contained a single idea we confess we were not lucky enough to find it, although the muddy stream into which it had been thrown was carefully dragged in search of the hidden thing. To this hour we do not know whether the writer intended to contradict something we had advanced, or really meant, for once, to acknowledge the demands of " Common Sense." We afterwards put the paper into the hands of a literary friend of ours, and asked him to find out and report what the writer was aiming at —what ghost of an idea haunted him when he took pen in hand—but our friend, afterhaving taken some hours to deliberate, confessed himself quite as much puzzled as ourselves. The words were strung together as they are in the columns of a dictionary, but the labor of the writer was wholly lost. We defy any man in existence to produce an English translation of such wretched jargon. But we find ourselves at the close of an article upon extemporaneous writing and speaking without having yet given any of the reasons we iutended to present in favor of a sort of in- termediate course — of- speech-making and leader-writing produced as the occasion seems to require, but not wholly without preparation for the occasion. We must ask another hearing that we may have an opportunity of bringing these matters forward, because,although the subjeCt is not particularly pressing, it is one entitled to careful consideration. Newspapers and sermons do exercise an influence either for good or for evil upon the whole community, and as both owe their continued existence to public support, ministers and editors are alike accountable at the bar of public opinion for the maimer in which they discharge the duties of their several offices. Impressed with this belief, and believing also that the people of the Manning are not getting their money's worth for their money, we shall at the earliest practicable period return to this subjeCt, and will then endeavor to show that the time has come to give mountebanks their discharge, and to employ earnest, able men, to till our pulpits and look after the interests of our people. That such men are to be had is beyond a doubt— whether we have them now is altogether a different question. ANOTHER MEDICAL WITNESS. of London, snys in his work on Human Physiology:—"Total abstinence from alcoholic drinks mid other nnrcotic substances mill greatl A L T*T IT 11 I'J* *>I augment health and lengthen !,/, P wholesome food and fresh «,,• are tle *trcn<,th„,er t: and rat, when we are fftt.gu is the best restorer" —Dr. Elliotson, 