SPIRITISM. A FEW days aga wo published a disparaging account of the proceedings of tho medium Home at St. Petersburg. It is only fair to add QsayB the Mel bourno Age) that since the first publication of that account Mr. Homo has, in a letter to tho editor of tho Standard, denied categorically each of the state- ments contained in it, but ho does not complote his caso, by giving his own version of what took place. Ho admits that he had a seance with Borne scion ti fio menât St. Petersburg, but avers that it was at his, not their, request that tho preparations woro com- pleted, without his hoing a party to them. It does not appear that ho was at oil successful, and he loft tho city, making an appointment for tho resumption of the seance a year afterwards. Some of the allegations which he thought proper to deny wero about things of no consequence, and his anxiety to attach importance to them does not tell in his favour. Ho, howover, adducea somo independent testimony which is worth looking at. Mr. Crookes, the editor of the Chemical Nows, says that ho received a lotter from M. Boultorow, a member of tho scientific commission, referring to Mr. Home in tho following terms :-"During tho winter, and before the an ¡val of Mr. Horne, I havo had occasion to convince myself of the reality oi mediumBhip. Later I made the acquaintance of Mr. Home, and assisted at his seances. I am therefore for from look ing on Mr. Home othorwiso than as a perfectly honest man and porfeotly Beriona." Mr. Home him- self refers to this Professor Boulterow as his future brother-in law, hut whether the professor is going to marry Miss Home, or Mr. Home is engaged to the professor's sister, does riot appear. Mr. Crookes on his own account administers a rebuke to tho editor of Standard in these words:-" It would be moro consistent with tho proper functions of the Press to educate tho publio up to tho point of bolioving that thoro are probably more forces in heaven and earth than wore ever dreamt of in their philosophy, rather than to crush down free inquiry by throwing ridiculo on every endeavour of competent investigators to puah the boundary of human know- ledge a little further in a direction hitherto almost untrodden." This is all very true, but it docs not follow that Mr. Home's pretensions ara well founded. The St. Petersburg corrospondont of tho Staudard did not throw ridicule on the scientific commission, as Mr. Crookes insinuates, and it wag too muoh to oxpeot that correspondents should I remain silent as to what had* been done moroly because it suited Mr. Home's convenience to adjourn the seance for twelve months. Mr. Home do ! sorves at least a share of the conBure for being so , reticent Tho following extraordinary story is given JU me Court Journal, of Gth May :-" All have read with horror of the barbarous murder committed on: n young and oxtremely well-favoured girl-a child, one might say-nigh on seventeen years old, at Eltham, in Kent. Tho painful subject is referred tc in consequence of a veTy'oxtraordinary circumstance connected with the girl's death. The girl expired at Guy's Hospital, at O o'olock on Sunday night. A doctor, a nurse, and a detective policeman were ia the room at the time, and they all concur ia stating that at tho very moment of her decease the face of a man appeared at the window cloflo to the hod on whioh the murdered girl lay. This mysterious apparition disappeared as soon as the policeman approached tho window, whioh, by the way, is about fifty feet from tho ground; of course thero was no one there. Thero wero no means hy whioh tho window could be reached from the strcot, Bavo by a ladder, and laddor there was nono." Tbo^ story must bo taken for what it is worth. '.Thöre are moro things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy." Stawell (Viotoria) appears to bo particularly favoured (remarks the Chronicle, 18th July), by visitors from tho upper or lowor regions. In a cer- tain tradesman's residence, tho agency sooms to have a particular objection to allowing a certain door to remain shut about midnight, " when churchyards yawn." This door is tho centre one of three, and tho outer ones were looked as usual. On the first night in question it was opened with a loud bang, and without nny previous intimation. On a light hoing obtained nothing was found disturbed, and the outoKdoors wore locked. On tho succeeding night the good man placed a barricade against it, but tb «a was of no avail, and tho ghost pushed tho door open with great scorn. On the third night a large toa tray was planted against the door, and fortified with Iseroral heavy substances. At midnight a tremendous clatter woko the household; the mysterious door was found open and the othors locked. ' 