SUNDAY READING. The Four Gospels. THE subjoined remarks on the writing; oftheFo Gospels »re from a work recently publishod in Bli bourne, " The Origin and History of the New Tesl moat," by James Martin, B.A. The remark* of t writer as to the way in whioh the. Christian fai was sustained before any ono of tho four gospels w ?written, and tr o brief comments on their distinguís ing oharactoristioa may lead us to turn with m intore t to the sacred books. T?iR8T DAYS OV TUE CHURCH.-"Tte Churches tho Apostles' days were necessarily left for a lo: time without any snored booka of their own, B they were not; therefore, without a Bible. Frc the very beginning the Old Testamont was regard as the inspired Scriptures of the Christian Ohurc end the common inheritance of both Gentile ai Jew. The reading of the Scriptures formed a co étant and most prominent part in tho Sabbath wc ship of the Jews. Paul cxproBsly affirms that'Moe ©nd tho prophets were read in the synagogues eve; Sabbath day ; and as tho early Christiana adopt in many respects, the Bimple forma of tbe Jewii Synagoguo, it is highly improbablo that this tim honoured custom would bo laid aside. Moreove it is cortain onough that in the second century ti Old Testament was constantly read in the church "But although the Churches of the Apóstol age had to wait for a very long time before ac portion of the New Testament was ready for the use; thoy oould never have 'built themselves u on their most holy faith* by the simple reading < the Old Testamont. Provision was evidently mac from the very first for the recital of tho most impoi tant facts in the life of Our\Lord, of His parabh and discourses, and also of the leading points of tb Apostles* doctrine »And although there might I here and thora alight verbal variations, so sorupu louBly anxious wore they to preservo, as far ns poa sible, the very words in whioh they had first boo related to them, that phraaos became stereotyped, am tho accounts assumed in nil tho churches a defl ult« and settled form. Thus, long belora an writer thought of taking in hand tho task of givin to tho Ohuroh a written account of the Saviour's Iii nud teachings, amnnwritton Gospel grew up silentl; in tho ChuToh itself, without suporversion, plan, c even design, on tho.part of man, though not withou the direction and inspiration of the Spirit of God." THE UNWIUTTEN GOSPEI,.-The historical booli of the New Testament consist of the Four Gospel and the Acts of the Apostles. The order, in whic they wore written must be to Borne extent a matte of conjeoturo, and as there is nothing in their con tents to indicate precisoly the circumstances unde whioh thoy were written, we cannot state positivol; either the place and time at which they were com posed, or (with one exception), the persons fo ?whom they were first designed. All that we cai ailinn with absolute certainty is that the Gospel o John was written last of all, and that some of th opistlès wore in- circulation before any one of th Gospels saw the light pf day. For very man; years after the first establishment of the Christie Church the want of a written lifo of Christ does nc appear to have been felt by either the teachers o tho taught. "Various reasons may bo suggestod fe this. In earlier times, when .tho art of writing wa restricted to the few, the memory, stimulated b necessity and quickened by use, was incredibl; more retentive than it over is now. The facts o Christ's lifo, and the words Ho had spoken, woul< bo written therefore upon tho minds of thoBe whi heard and saw them almost as undelibly as i written with ink or graven upon brass. Repeater conversation as they walked by tho way woulc recall the very words, paint the whole scene in clearest colours, and,deepen tho impression already rando! Tho descent of the Spirit according to the promiso of Christ' ' to bring all things to theil remembrance,' mu9t have boen lik9 tho lifting oí a Bomi-transpivrenfc mist that had half obscurod the landscape as it lay before them, and tho Budden bursting forth of brilliant light whioh bathed the whole in glory, and brought tho sharpest outlines clearly out to view. They noedod no written life of Christ.when they had but to close their eyes and oars: nnd oall up to view ouch sconö of'the «raviour'-s ministry, and hear again the words that he had spoken in the very tones in which they were uttered first. Thoir own raemorios wore fur moro to them than written words could byer bo; and although this did not apply to the Apoâtlo Paul, ' ho rocpived of tho Lord' what amply compensated for tho want of interoourso during His lifo. For a titne,<-ithoroforo, the memories of those who had been oye-witnessos' would answer tho purpose, of tho beat books to all who came to thom for instruc tion. Ho who can rehearse need never road. Hven if tho whole bad boon writton down, ouo book for a congregation would havo boen all thoy could hope to possess ; and a living teacher would thorofora do nil that both book and reader could ever perform. It is true that after a tirriö the first teaehors went away ; but this was not till tho minds of others had been so well stored with Gospel facts and doctrines that thoy could rohearse tho sayings, and dosoribo tho acts of Christ with a fluency and an accuracy scarcely to bo surpassed by those who bad seen and heard for, themselves. But there was necessarily a limit to this. New churchoR were ever springing up in places never favoured with an Apostle's presenoo ; nnd narratives ropeatod from mouth to mouth, would bo euro to giiin by the process, oven if they did not IOHO.' Thia danger had happily been averted to somo extent by the fnct that tho accounts given of the miracles and parables, and other Bnyinga of ('britt, had, from tho very first, assumed a fixed «nd definite form. . ThiB is evident from tho circum stances thot the Evangelists, who wrolo at so great a distance from ono anothor, so often employed pre cisely, tho sumo words ahd phrases, not only when relating u parable, but whon depicting some of tho minor incidents of tho lifo and ministry of the Lord. iThoro had thus arisen spontaneously, and without design, an oral or unwritten Gospel, before anyone thought of writing at all." THE WHITTEN GOSI'ELB.- " But tho wont of some thing still more trustworthy, and leas Hubie to change, must have beon unceasingly-felt as the first tenchers passed off the stage, and the ever-widening of the Church multiplied the sources of uncertainty, just at the time whan the only standard of appeal waa taken away. Many felt .the necepeity, and'set, to work with all commendable zeal to commit to wilting all that they could remember ot' the accounts delivered to. them by those who had been eye-w aesses 'from . the beginning. Luke, in all prol 1 ility, as ho travelled from place to placé, found largo number of persons so engaged Luke i. 1,2. B lives of Christ oomposed in such a manner as tl would bo but brief and fragmentary at tho be Completeness could only be obtained by com paris* md diligent researob, and there were probably fe of those who bad not actually been companions Ohrist, who possessed all the qualifications requisi ia a goo l biographer." LUKE.-" Thoro was one, however, who possess thom in a remarkable'degree. He Baw what othe were do;ng, and evidently observed their defeel This stimulated him to undertake tho task, and mai him the more determined to spare no pains to seen accuracy and thoroughness in the work itself." MATTHEW.-'And while Luke was thus omployi in collecting his materials and writing h Gospel, Matthew, for a similar reason, ar in a different part of the empire, was probabl engaged in the very same task. There is no evideni that oither of them ever saw the production of th other's pen ; although the verbal minuteness wit which thoy sometimes agree, in their accounts < some'of the sayings of the Lord and the incidents ( His lifo, warrants tho opinion that they had befoi them written records of some of the principal evenl which had been copied and widely diffused." WAUK.-" At a somewhat later period a third lif somewhat similar in place, and covering much tl samo ground, was composed by Mark. He wi probably acquainted with tho writings of the otht two, and was induced to write a third, partly \ bring out certain features of Christ's ministry whic they had failed to exhibit, partly to give fülle details of incidents which they had recorded, an partly to adapt his work on the basia of the otheri to the immediate wants of tho persons for whom i was intondod." ' JOHN.-" To these three, which are known by th titlo ot the Synoptical Gospels, a fourth book wu added after many years by the Apostle John. A we sholl presently seo, there is a mnrked contras between tho Gospol of John and those of the otho evangelists. It may havo been that the circurn stances which had arisen rendered it moro and mor important, that the churoh should receive a pcrmn rtent record of those incidents nnd discourses whicl had not yet been committed to writing; or th simple fact that he waa the only man living wh could possibly re-produce"that side of our1 Saviour' life and ministry, which bad been so sligbtl; touched upon in tho other GoBpeh, may have beei the occasioning cause cf bis determination. In an; case, wo haye but to read the Gospel of John to sei at once how incomplete would have been our know ledge of Ohrist, if no record had been left by tha disoiple who saw most of tho inner lifo of Jesus ' the disciple whom Jesus loved.' Such a gap wa happily not permitted. Tho Spirit of God si enlightened and prompted eaoh in turn, that whoi all four should be placed side by sido, though evei then we could not have all the things that Jesus did wa should have a ' four sided Gospel' so perfect ir itself, that through all ages it would suffice to show * as in a glass tho glory of the Lord,' tpe Word tha ? was made flesh and dwelt among us.' " DISTINCTIVE CHARACTER OP THE Gosr-ELS.-" Th Gospel of St. Matthew," aa Alford has eloquent! written, " ie that one to whioh we owe, more than t any other, bur complete idea'of our Blessed Lord us the¡promised Messiah, tho Holy One of God, th j King arid Head over all to' His church. In thi vivid, depictions of St. Mark we have eyer Hia per Bonal image before us, and the very sound of His voice In the careful and precious^ collections of St. Luki we BBQ Him as the Saviour of our race, the Heat and Hoot of our humanity ; while it is from thie first and best known of the Gospels that the imagi 'of : Him specially arises,- whioh is so much in thi thoughts and hearts of all: of us who believe-thai Chosen One in whom centre all tho works and wayi of God, perfect in Majesty," perfect in Morey ; th< King's Sonj for whom is mado the great marring! of heaven and earth ; the Bridegroom into whosf feast tho wise and virgin souls shall enter ; the King himself who shall come io take account of. His owi servants; nay, who shall como, and all the hoi j angels with Him, and sit on "the throne of Hil glory, with, all tho nations before Him, and allol to every one his eternal doom." The Gospel of John is genorally believed, or ample grounds, to havo been written last. Anc Mr. Martin thus rtccountB for the writing of tbii fourth narrative of tho Saviour's lifo : - " Undoi tho inspiration of. that Spirit, which hndin view thc necessity of all ages, bo took in hand tbo task ol completing the work so nobly begun, and filling ur. tho gapes, whioh others had left, from his own faith ful and Divinely inspired remembrance of what he had soon and heard. Nothing elso will explain hif omission of what they give, any moro than his inser tion J of what thov have failed to supply. Thc Temptation in tho WilderneBs'j the Sermon on thc Mount, tho Transfiguration; and the Parable of the Prodigal Son, are all omitted, because the'others have supplied them They relate parable after para ble; but ho scarcely gives a single one. They arc found of describing the miracles that Jesus wrought, whilst John mentions only six, and all but two of , these are givon more for tho Bake of the discourses that follow, than beoause of the miraoloB thfmselves. i In two Tespents he stands alone. He relates the visits to Jerusalem, and thus supplies the key to that growing enmity to Jesus there, which culmin ated nt lnRt in His crucifixion. Me also gives in fullest detail discourses, which Christ delivered in his heuririg, und which would have been irrecoverably lost to the world. . . . Yet we rriust not treat the Gospel of John hs simply a supplement to the others. It is roally i*work com pleto in itself, and setting beforo UB the whole minis try of Christ, as it presented itself, to tho mind of the Apostle, after the lapso of so many years. His faith was still firm, his mind was matured, and his ability to grasp tho whole had grown with his grow ing maturity. Olhorß hud given innumerable details of that life, with accuracy as great ns he could command. But tho whole meaning of that life, the depth of wisdom in those words, the glory of that character, needed time and distance to bring them out in all their fulnesn. And here, perhaps, we are are to find our explanation of the fact that he .was. allowed to wait so long, find wrote so per fectly when at last he ' was moved to write by the Holy Ghost. The work was now complete, and the topstone brought forth : and in the SACRED POUR, I tho Ohuroh possessed at last a perfect life of Jesus, thé Son of David, the Son of Man, the Son of God, the Eternal Logos, who in the beginning was with Ged, and in every deed was God." 