OPENING OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY DT ailE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH OF KLvV SOUTH WALES. TUB Seventh Session of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales was opened yesterday evening in the Phillip-street Church, when the retiring Moderator (the Rev. J. B. Laughton, of Parra- matta,) preached an eloquent and impressive sermon on the 22nd verse of the 3rd chapter of the Apocalypse : " He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the Churches." There was a large and attentive congregation present. In the course of the discourse delivered by the retiring Moderator, allusion was made to the severe loss which the Church had sustained in the death of the Rev. John Dougall, during the past year. At the end of the sermon a psalm was sung by the congregation, after which the assembly was constituted by prayer offered up by the retiring Moderator; the Rev. James Cameron, of Richmond, acting as clerk. The first Sederunt having commenced, the acting dark brought forward the copy of the minutes of the previous session of the Assembly. These minutes were, according to custom, taken as read. Changes in ministries were then reported by the clerk, and tire roll of presbyteries was called-the ministers and elders answered to their names. The vote of the several presbyteries was then declared by the acting clerk, when it appeared that the Rev. Archibald Constable Cockie, of Goulburn, Doctor of Divinity, had been elected to fill the Moderator's chair. The election of the Rev. Dr. Geekie was reported by the Rev. J. B. Laughton, who, thereupon, vacated the chair, and assisted to induct the new Moderator, who was received by the church in the usual form. The MoDBiiATon then addressed the Court as follows: Reverend Fathers and Brethren, Again, through the care of a kind Providence, this venerable Assembly meets in its accustomed place ; alas ! we cannot say meets, as it was in the days that are gone. Ever since we last convened, another or our most regarded members has passed away, causing a gap which will long be mournfully visible. Little did I think when, some months ago, the gentle hearted minister so recently in East Maitland, wrote me, performing noiselessly, M was his wont, an act of beneficence, and when, while so doing, he sketched out, with his usual liveliness and candour, what he believed this Assembly would be and do, and what, in certain circumstances, he himself would do, that all which to-day would remain to us of our much honoured brother, would be his mourning friends, his grave, his memory, and his example. With others, I had hoped to see him fill this chair, on this occasion ; but infinite wisdom decreed his withdrawal from temples made with hands, and he is now, we will believe, in the calm , land whose songs swell softly as the murmurs of a summer ' sea breaking on the shells and sand of a quiet shore. The hand which changed the countenance of Belshazzar, as, it silently crept writing on the palace wall, rent the veil of the Judean Temple: but the reading of that veil, momentous as it was, left another still drooping with awful folds between us and the ' city which hath foundations.' Our dearest and our choicest ever and anon pass behind this curtain, and we gaze wistfully as one after another they lift it and disappear, our fond hope being that, when our turn comes, out of infinite grace, we, too, shall pass in and join that general assembly of the brethren of the First Born, which has its own- bright particular star, brig all whose members are faultless before the throne-an, assume My which acknowledges splendid distinctions without any envy, which is over seditious without knowing ambition, never filling and never full. Year by year as we meet on earth we feel that this final gathering-place increasingly absorbs those who began life with us ; who fought with us in worthy battles, shoulder to shoulder ; who sinned and repented with us; who hoped and feared with me; who smiled and wept with us ; who prayed and believed with us. To me, personally, our last loss is great to many more it is equally so ; but we I forget our loss when we consider that of these who were 1 dearest to him that of his congregation and that of the church in which he was so loyal a member, so able a 1 minuter, end so admirable a man. We express our pro I found sympathy with her who survives him, we recall the venerable form of her who died with him, and saying,-. I Nevertheless, not our will, but Thine be done,' We ponder Montgomery's solemn song : " For ever with the Lord ! Amen, so let it be Life from the dead is In that word, 'Tis immortality. Here in the body pent, Absent from Him I roam, Yet nightly pitch my moving tent A day's march nearer home." I' On Friday, the 8th of September, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, on the crowded platform of the Masonic Hall, radiant with thankfulness and full of hope, there stood the following ministers of our new born Charon -William Mitchell, William M'Kee, William Ross, John Thom, John Reid, William Purves, George Macfie, Hobart Blain, Cunningham, Atchison. and John Dougall. Now ' all, all are gone, the old familiar faces.' " Brethren still, although not with us on that auspicious day, there noted what we did, William and Allan Macintyre, and they too are gone ; generals is William Leish- man, who came to us at a later date. Of the departed, two filled this chair. Nor do I forget, though I have no means of giving the list, that, during the same, period we have lost some of our most valued elders, not least noteworthy, among whom were David Dickson, George Busby, and Archibald Rogers. Thus, increasingly numerous are the Images of da parted forms, which, like the shadows in the avenue, fall at brief intervals, behind UB. Let it be ours who remain, and while we remain, to pray with growing fervour, that we may be made and kept ever ready; that we may each apply himself to his allotted work; that we may each during his day, do something for God and for man and that, laying aside the sins which so easily beset us, we may all work together for good, blessing all who bear the name of man, building up the Church, which is Christ's body, and so. honouring Him who gave Himself for us, and who, opening the gates of heaven to all true believers, did, as he journeyed to his throne, bring life and immortality to light. " This is the Seventh General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, and the manner of our existence is a fact to dwell on. The several sections of Presbyterians, which came together, after long deliberation and many prayers, six years ago, to form one Church, have been no thoroughly fused as in any other instance of Church Union with which I am acquainted. From the first moment of our united existence, until now, every trace of section or a party' has disappeared. Assemby after Assembly has met, and, as I verily believe, is all our deliberations, the thought which has actuated all has been, what can we best do for the edification of God's house in this colony? From the year 1865 until now, the debates conducted, and the divisions come to in this Assembly have not, however much we may have differed in opinion, been tinged, however faintly, by any thoughts of our former diversities. I have been always present; I have been intimately acquainted with men holding the various views supposed to exist among us, yet have I never met one human being, minister or elder, who, so far as I know, ever thought in this Supreme Court, of Established Church, Free Church, United Presbyterian Church, or any other Church, but the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. Were this assembly polled, member by member, the accuracy of my assertion, that no sectional or party feeling has over existed, or manifested itself among us, would be demonstrated. The mere thought of a sections ' or parties, gives a shock to every fine and Christian sensibility, no matter in what direction they might emerge, nor whether they might take a principle for their nucleus or an individual. We wish neither party principles in our Church nor party men. Especially, could we be weak enough to allow the resuscitation of old feuds or controversies, we would stultify ourselves before the whole community and commit ecclesiastical suicide. If, on the other hand, now matter should stir up undesirable excitement and tend to novel antagonisms, our duty is, in manly but courteous discussion, to allay the former, and by mutual forbearance to prevent the latter. On no account and on no occasion should this assembly tolerate debate which passes the broad path of Christian liberty and warders on the wide waste of passion ' We must always remember that a Christian general assembly should bear the look of an assembly of Christians. We meet here to strive with Satan, not with one another. Our work is with the present and the future of New South Wales and if, like Christians, we do this work, our hands will be too full, and our hearts too occupied, for difficulties which belong to the potsherds of the earth. A united Church, by the grace of God and the will of our people, let us go on as we have begun, and may the years to come enable us to say, that this assembly has never gives one party vote, and that no member of it has ever uttered a party sentiment. " Most now present remember how matters stood when there were three rival Presbyterian bodies in this small community. We did not know ministerial brethren then beyond our respective stockades or if, in some peculiar instances, men's friendships outran their party, these were spoken of with wonder, if not with censure. On the Friday already referred to, our venerable father, Dr. Fullerton, moved in the following words : ' That the General Assembly now constituted express its gratitude to the great King and Head of the Church for His merciful providence and guidance throughout all our negotiations for union, and for the happy consummation of the union, in answer to the prayers of the people, in the formation of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, There was, indeed, good cause for profound gratitude then, and as nothing has since occurred to make us less thankful to God, for the great things wrought for us that day, to pro serve, perfect, and consolidate, what has been achieved, is at once our privilege, our happiness, our aim, and our duty. If we act in the spirit which has hitherto characterised us, a union based on mutual respect, common sense, common interests, and common principles, is strong as the wise man's threefold cord. Moreover, our union is emphatically the union of our people. For years, the Presbyterian laity of this colony prayed for what now exists, and that which they so fervently longed for and endeavoured after they have cheerfully maintained and will not again let go. A , ministerial union merely would have been good ; but great : as would have been its value, it would have been imperfect. The Christian people are the Christian Church, and because our people called our union and constitute our unity, there fore, rapidly pervading and gardens; all our proceedings, there is a popular power which we all feel and rejoice in. "What I have just said is well exemplified by what has been done, and is now going on. Because it is their Church, our people cheerfully contributed one thousand pounds to bring out more ministers', because it is their Church, they have provided for the erection of St. Andrew's College; and because it is their Church, they are now forming a ' Lay Association,' from which, with the Divine I blessing, vast good will flow, if ministers and elders do their duty. Our broken condition was once our standing reproach ; men who would have worked heartily for a whole Church would do little for a fragment ; but now, the same men show a deepening concern, possess- ing now a nobler motive. May their concern deepen more and more, for a willing membersHip makes art efficient ministry. Too often have our ministers wrought almost single-handed ; the time, we trust, is coming when guiding their flocks, they shall find around them multitudes animated by living zeal for the glory of the common Master, and shall themselves be cremated in turn by the vital energy of their congregations. " Other Christian comb unions recognise our union as a success, and hail it as a common grey. Better, probably, than ever we did, they saw our cues forlorn condition. and better, probably, than we ourselves can, they see what we have gained since our centrifugal tendencies came to an I and. " It may be said that little has been done by of since 1861 ; it may, however, be more accurately replied that but for our union the little alleged to have been done would have been conspicuously lees. It is quite true, and inevitably true, that much of our Church work is still ahead of us ; yet it is none the less true that, since our readers, an amount of good work has been wrought, which, without union, never could have been thought of, much less attempted. It is one result of our union that, now, we are not ashamed of our Church ; it is another result of our union that there grows among us a stronger interest in our Home and Foreign Missionary work ; it is another result of our union that we have St. Andrew's College in process of establishment; it is another result of our union that we have launched successfully a Ministers' Widows and Orphan Fund ; it is another result of our union that certain statistics connected with our Church are annually gathered and printed, so that a sense of isolation lessens, and we know what every congregation is doing, and this none the less, because in some cases the returns are not fully made ; it is another result of our union that we have our largely attended annual public meeting for pleading the schemes of the Church ; it is another result of our union that the public show, by their presence at our various sederunt, an unflagging interest in our ecclesiastical work ; it is another result of our union that, albeit most imperfectly, still with Hansard-like ful- ness, when comparison is made with former times, our proceedings are reported in 'the Sydney daily journals, It is another result of our union that there is, in slow but sure process of formation, a code of rules for the proper direction of our business in congregations, presbyteries, and assembly ; it is another result of our union that we have what has already been alluded to ' Lay Association ;' and yet mere, I greatly err, if shortly, to all other results there will not be added this crowning one that provision shall be made for the adequate training of a ministry in the colony. All these things we have done, are doing! or may do, by the blessing of God and our union. Surely these facts are full of encouragement ! If our movements have been neither so rapid, so perfect, nor so numerous as they might and should have been, still, I believe that they have been quite as rapid, as perfect, and as numerous, as' any one moderately familÎar with our past story and blessed with common sense views of human nature could. have \- expected. The mere fusion of Sections,, however successfully this has been accomplished, could not At once, or of itself, do all that had to be done. This was only the preparation of the concrete foundations for the future superstructure. Fusion effected, - true interest has to be engendered in the new organisation, work has to be discovered, errors have to be corrected, plans have to be perf noted, experience has to be acquired. Men must feel their way, time Indicating-as time alone can indicate what should be attempted, what should be altered, and what should remain. It is to be redeem bered also, that ecclesiastical unions I have knelt difficulties as well as their advantages. No doubt the latter hugely outweigh the former-, still, with the conglomera- tion of many individuals, we get the peculiarities of each, as well as the excellences of all. Union is of God ; the materials are human. " Lot 99 man, they, despise our early efforts, Our " Church has wrestled through an anxious infancy, and we believe she is destined, in the hand of her Head, to witness a great development. 'Be strong, O Zerubbabel,;eaith the Lord and be strong, O Joshua, son of Josedech the high priest and be strong all ye people of the land, saith the Lord, and work for I am with you, saith the Lord of Hosts' (Haggar ii., i). s For who hath despised the day of small things ? ' (Zechariah, iii. 10). Destroy it not, for a blessing is in it. (Isaiah, Ixv. 8). > " Fathers and brethren ! We now enter on our labours. Let us understand that our work race in its source and its issues, as infinitely above all personal considerations! as doth its author above all His Binning creatures, Let us enter on our labours in a becoming spirit. Matters will arise for discussion, requiring wisdom and patience, charity and tenderness. Let it be ours in this assembly to exhibit all these characteristics even more markedly than we have exhibited them in days gone by. By so doing all our business will be fairly arranged, not, probably, to the entire satisfaction of each of us, but assuredly to the satisfaction, in a reasonable degree, of all actuated by high motives, and prepared to submit to those principles and rules which guide public affairs, and particularly the affairs of God's house. Above all, let us daily pray that our Divine Redeemer may guide us by His unerring Spirit to happy and wise conclusions, that so, when this assembly dissolved,' the world may not censure us, the Church may be the better for us, our consciences may not accuse us, and God our Saviour, even Christ, may be glorified in us and by us. " For myself, the honourable position I now occupy is one which, assuredly, I have not covered, and which, even at the eleventh hour, I would gladly have seen conferred on another. I am here, however, in the providence of God, and will do the best I can God helping me. And yet it is no nauseous affectation of humility, which leads me to say that, whatever else I may be fitted for I am not by nature peculiarly fitted for the duties before me. Therefore I crave your indulgence and your prayers, and your support. Looking up to God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, three persons yet one God, for guidance and strength, let us go forward, hoping that as our opening services are peace, so our closing service may be songs of praise." The Rev. J. B. LAUGHTON (clerk to the Assembly) read the report of the Committee of Bills and Overtures, showing the nature of the business arranged to be brought before the Assembly during its present session. It appeared that the business for the following day (Wednes- day, the 1st of November was the consideration of a code of rules for the morning sederunt, and the report of the Church Extension Committee for the evening at 6.39. The Assembly (at the suggestion of the Moderator) agreed to meet on the following morning for devotional exercises, at 10 o'clock. The sederunt was closed with prayer. 