Now ODD FRLLOWi' HIALL, IfHonAT TowN. -The now Odd Fellows' Hall (formerly Del Sarte's) was- inauguhitod on TiThurdayi oven. ink' by a grand soiree, the proceodings at *whbich. occupy .several columna of the local rpaper. Amongst those present at the soiree were the Hon,. M. Wilson, Esq., M.L.O., tlhloPremier, and Mr Lewis, M.H.A., Vico Patrons of the Order, the Lion. Mr Kenner lcy, M.L.C,, Mayor of Hobart Town, &S.;, do, ,ACQUTTAL OF Mu FsTrzis?HaroN.- The charge o.f embezzlement preferred against Richord'Fitzsimmons, latb Odunlil Clerk at Soroll,. board before Sir Francle Smith on Thursday, has resulted in an acquittal. Filet simmons was defended by Mr Byron Miller, of. Launceston. , The information contained throoe counts, charging the defendant with ap. propriating three distinct sums of money, the propertyr of the Warden,. Councillori, and eleeotdr of Sorell. After . tho case for the prosoetnion had boon olosed, His Honor askod if the Solioitor- Gdnhral intended to purano the oaso' any~ farther, expressing his conviotion that no proof had been given that the prisoner had not kept his' accounts correctly, and that hoe held so -many oices that it was impossible for 'him to disoharco his duties properly. Hisl Honor thought the Goroll Muniolpal Council were guilty of culpable looseness in the administration of the municipal affairs, or they would not have permitted such a state of things to exist as was shown by the evidence. The Solicitor General thought it useless, after what had fallen from his, Honor, 'to pursue the case furthe,' and the jury imtmediately brought in a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was discharged. PoPuLAn READINGS.-Tho first of a series of popular readings by members of the Working. Men's Club Mutual Improvement Class is announced to be given in theilargo room of the Club, Elizabeth-street, on Monday. evening next. VircioniA OCANARY AND POEON SOOrETY,. -A Melbourne journal states that " the challenge cups offered by the Canary and Pigeon Society for competition at their show on the 13th inst. have attracted the breeders of canaries in Tasmania. Messrs. Northcote and Aldred, two large breeders in Tasmania, have arrived, bringing with them a largo number of very fine,birds, which, if all ac. counts be true, are likely to come in for some of the honours." Fur.--- News from Fiji by way of Sydney shows that the little island community is going in for constitutional government in the form of a limited monarchy. Thakombau has nominated a provisional Ministry, with a Sydney anotioneer as Prime Minister. Hero is a ooe feld for some of our would-be legislators, and tor unsuccessful aspirants to officoand pay, many of whom could be well spared. Then there is to be an Assembly of Delegates.- The reform seems to be viewed favorably by the native chiefs, almost all of. whom have taken the oath of allegiance to the King and the now constitution. 'A Government Gazettlle is now Issued in Fiji. The young settlement, finding it useless to expect England to assume the protectorate or sovereignty, seems wisolyto have taken in hband the task of framing self-governing institutions under which it may, at no distant date, take a place, however small it may be, amongst the "comity of nations." NEw BsNKRUPT.--R. S. Waterhouse, or Hobart Town, draper, has been adjudged bankrupt on the petition of Messrs. P. O. Fysh, and F. L. Fysh. BoARlD OF EDUCATION.-The usual fort nightly meeting of the Board of Education, which should have been hold at Hobart Town, on Wednesday, again lapsed for want of a quorum. WA.cee's LITERARY INTELLICENCEI t for the current month is to hand, and, as usual, is fall of useful information. SHAMRrooK G.M. Co.-The meeting of the shareholders in the Shamrock Gold Mining Company, called for Thursday evening, lapsed I for want of a quorum. It is now fixed for Monday, 17th inst. PROPOSED MAIL COMMUNIOATION DETWEEN JAVA AND AUSTRALIA.-Wo understand that a gentleman arrived in Melbourne by H.N. M.S. Curagoa, who is empowered by the Bataviau Government to oenter' into negotia. tions with the 'Governments of the various Australian colonies for the establishment of a line of mail steamers between Australia and Java. The proposal is that steamers should leave Java monthly for Australia, touching first at Port Darwin, and then making the round , voyage of the colonies, proceeding alternately via Torres Straits, Brisbane, Sydney,: Melbourne, Adelaide, and Western Australia, and vice cvera. We are .informed that the subsidy asked for from each -of the colonies is very moderate in amount, and altogether insignifi nantasecompared with the advantages offered by such an "enterpriso for' opening up relations with the important island of Java.--tolbourne Argue, . A GuosT I-During the last few days thi nervous folk living in the neighborhood of the St. Killa Cemetery hove been (says the .Mel lourle 'Herald) enduring considerable alarm from .the nocturnal appoerunce of a most on usual object, deporting itself in a fashion vpry much unlike ordinary bipeds. Superstition soon set it down as a 'ghost,' and rumor' did the rest. The eternal resource in all troubles of theoutside world, 'iz, the police, was re. 'sorlod to, and the invulnerable as well as in. exorable peeloer soon brought the midnight rambler to'bay; It appears that the ghost was of a very tangible character. A youth, it appears, had provided hIimself with very high stilts which he had covered with panta : loons, and lengthened hiearma proportionatoly. Thus transformed, he amused himself in strid ing over fences, tombstones, and' every obstacle of moderate dimension, to the aatdnishment of the neighborhood and passers by. The identity being discovered, tihe fears of the noighbors are alhlyed. 