JUDGE FRANCIS.-His Honour Judge Francis manifests many remarkable traits of character, but none more distinct than his earnest desire to prevent crime and-vice, and to improve the condition of his fellow men. On the bench, his sense of right and justice is so acute, that arti fico and deceptive tricks are invariably cast way. - We "have 'watched -imen- of ability and cunning giving their evidence fairly enough, apparently, but with hid den meaning to damage their opponent, and we have ailways seen these tricks: stripped of their surroundingsand hiid, bare when the Judge came to sum ,up. His utter 'abborrence of iresting. a casel upon legal technicalites, instead of upon its own merits, is so well known, that quibbles .are seldom set up in the courts over which lie presides. i4 i euiarks to witnesses, jurors and prisonersalalays'in dicate that his court is one of justice.as well as law, and that while his own feel ings lead to ;gentleness and mercy, yet that his sense of duty, and what is due to society at large, never allows his ieason to be clouded when severity is demanded. We believe that the sentences will bear the most careful examination, .and that wherever there is hope of redemption an opening has been left for the' unfortunate to return to the path of iectitude. " Off the bench, we find him still pursuing his course of use fulness, by attending publhic iiistitutions, lecturing and reading for the benefit of various societies, and in everyeway endea vouring to promote, the welfare, of the people among whom he moves. With a high' nervous temperament, 'and a consti tution apparently "not robust, we :h'ie' known-himr to sit during the entire day, with liiis' mind 'undergoing the- greate.3t. strain that caii- be -placed- upon mental faculties. Where- every 'power of the mind is called inti'play, where the inter ests of the prisoner, the mateiiality of the evidence, the interests "(f society; the force of legal arguments, and athousalnd 'other 'things that occur during a day-of criminal business, havel toi he watched: Yet at the close of such a day, when all, mental and physical energymightreaison ably be supposed to be expended, we find him in' the- lecture room interesting and instructing and enlightening a large as-i semblage. of- people The influence of such 'a:: gentleman on the community must be' very great, and we are happy; to find that we have one in so impor-. tant a position who .feels there is some thing . better and grander' to live for than the mere discharge of official rou - tine.--Bwrranigong Argue Yass.-Saturday, John Fitzgerald; of Bowning, who was thrown from;' his horse while attendiun a funeral yesterday, died this morningw Newcatle.-Saturday.-A seaman," be longing to the Lady 'Bird,._ichooner, fell from the shoots last night, and was nearly, killed;, his face is frightfully cut, and one eye destroyed.- -The 1- lfe Gottes Company have held their half-yearly nieeting '"'The shlarcholders have decided to empower the directors, to' make arrangements with the: mortgagees so as to carry on the" mine for the best' interests of the :company:." Mr Henry, Stokes and Mr- Henry Cross were elected auditors. " A DUEL 'PEVELTED.-The Kilmore Free Press relates the following incident as hav-K ing eoccurred at a place near Kilniore, where', there are two rival undertakers :-'A short tiue ago a highly respected gentleman con nected with the :fasoieictirotherhood depar-, ted this life, and having no immediate rela-, tives, somen friends undertook the solemn duty of making~the necessary arrangements for the burial; .Both uiidertakcrs were ap=; pliedWto i'ts to the 'price-one who .prides himself on his Cornish style of: wrestling, and the other, who belongs to the brethren,' aid owes allegiance, to the Emperor of Ger-. many, knew something of sword exercise, acquired in his younger days. The wrestler was siuccessful in procuring the job, anid'this circumstance was attributed to some intrigue of a leather merchant, who is in the habit of making frequent boast of British pluck, independenceand fair play. Afterthe burial service had been concluded, the brethren re turned to their hotel, with the view, doubtless of' unrobing 'themselves, when the unsuc cesaful applicant for conducting the funeral 'invited the leather man to an interview in the'lodgc-roomn. The latter, in the innecence 'and purity, of his soul, dreaminig no harni at the hands of a brother, complied with the requeat,'entered the room, whieb was im miediatetly fastened by the undertaker. A pair of swords, used by the officers cf the lo'dged hung in their eccustonmed places; both of these the undertaker took from the wall, and placing one' in the haiids of the leather merchant he drew the othei from its scabbard,' telling Leather if lie was possessed of onie spark of that honour and British fair play ahout which.he had boasted so much, to do likewise, and give him the satisfaction due to a gentlenian. The attitude of thme the undeitaker and the flashing of the bright steel drove a deadly terror to the heart of the leather mnerchant, who stood as if para lyzed for some siconds and he apparently thought it was almost certain that he could no longer cheat the undertaker of his dues. Fortunately for all isoncerned, what might probably have been a death scene was hap pily averted by a gentleman who happened to be in the room when both entered. The inc ident, however was of a moat thrilling nature, and brings us back to the old days of- chivalry and duelling about which we read. There is' some talk of the matter be ing brought more prominently betore the public."'- - 2I A SnIuuLAiaPHENoaifENow.--Something ilmost licia ghost-atory, :bit which seems to be told -yba cautious intelligent observer, has been exeiting attention at Strathalbyn and is thus relatLd in the Southern Argus by Mr W. T. -Tregalgat :-"Whilst taking a walk very early one nmorning, through sonic ~"iiriive" that I' clnifiot abconnt for, I was induced to walk tlirough the burying .ground, and coming t&' 'grave, surrounded by-a wall, and covered with a slabhof slate, I noticed oin; the slate: something strange. It was rearcelylightlenbugh to see distinctly at first, but after waiting-some few minutes I oionld:see ;it plainly;:anidlit-appenred to be the side view of a female. I could distinct. ly trace the head and body and the skirts, apparently full size 1Not; being satisfied withlthe sight 'I rubbed my hand over the form, and found lithat portion of the slate was perfectly dry, whilst the parts outside the forni were very wet with the dew which had fallen, and still not being satisfied, I walked away and caiime biuck in abniit 15'oj* 20 minutes after? and still the form was there-; so I deterinined 'on visiting it again next morning, which I did, and contiuued doing an for a week or mute. D;riung this time 1 unly saw the form'once alfter the first morning; but-not beinig a:bdliever in sup ernational appearances,-I tried to define the cause, but failed. ' In the course of conver sation I told. Mir', Morton what Ilhad seen, and he'visited the placeand saw the form, althougbh not so plain'as it was when I saw it The form was, to be seen, and it has been seen since by others. Now, I believe there is some natural cause which produces this strange appearance, and perhaps some. person upon reading this will be able to satisfy the minds of those who have seen it, for :although inany things- have beena- ad.. vanced by people as to probable cause,.none seem satisfactory to my mind'and thosevbho 'have been eye-witnesses of the sight: -1-Of saimilar character is thefollowing extraor dinary story, . which is given in the Court Journal of, 6th May :-*, All have read with hoirror of: the bairbarous murder com mitted oin a youngn and .extremely .well favoured girl--a child one might say-nigh on 17 years old, at Eltham, in, Kent. The. painful subject is referred to in consequence of a very extraordinary circumstance con nected with the giirl's death. The girl ex-' pired at Guy's Hospital at 9 o'clock on Sun day night. A doctor, a nurse, and a detec tive policeman were in the room at the time, and they all, concur in stating that at the very moment of her decease the face of a man appeared' at the window close to the bed on which the murdered girl lay. This mysterious apparition disappeared as soon as the policeman. approached the window, which, by the way, is about 50 feet from the ground. Of course there was no one there. There were no means by which the window could be reached from the street save by a ladder, and ladder there was none." AWEULLY SUDDEN DEATH.-Yesterday an old tman named Tilden, father-in-law of Mrs Tilden, of the Drovers' Arms Hotel, on the Deniliquin road, was without warning, seized with what appeared to be a sudden fit at the dinner-table, and in less than three minutes was a corpse. Mr Tilden had been gardening. for some little time past at Mr Jackon's 'Borce station, but came into town on the day prior to his death to consult Dr Morgan in 'reference to some pain he con plained of in his side. He saw the doctor both on Thursday and yesterday morning, and, after his last visit, returned to the house of: his daughter-in- law, and sat down to dinner. Suddenly observing that some thing was the matter with the old man, she called to Mr Jacob, who happened to be in -a paddock near the house, for help. Mr Jacob rushed in, and, with his assistance, the dying man was removed from the table, but- only to breathe his last upon a bed in an adjoining room.-Wagga Wagga Ex press. POLITICAL.-We understand that Mr Thomas Garrett has resigned his seat as member for Shoalhaven, and has accepted appointment of Police Magistrate atBerrima. There are rumours afloat that the seat for Shoalhaven will be contested by Mr S. Goold, who was an unsuccessful candidate at the last election, and Mr Warden, a resident in the district. If this statement should prove correct, a very smart contest may be expee" - ted.-Empire. ECCENTRIC UOiaBEaY.-John Riley,better known as the "dumb man," who has been frequently before convicted, will be brought up at the central police couit this morning on a charge of stealing from the Waxworks (which are now closed) the blothes off the renowned bushrangers, 'Ben Hall,' 'Thun derbolt,' and 'Clark,' also a gold brooch act with a green stone, -which he was wearing in his breast when arrested yesterday. The dummy's success in escaping from the build ing with these trophies led him to dress uip in them, and to move on, air borne, exalted above vulgar men. It is stated that this fashionable costume exhausted five or six policemen in essaying to divest dummy of his pants, much to his disgust, and, doubt less, would have been great service to him, especially in this, weather, only for the de tection.- Empire.- -Rockhampton. - Saturday 3 pi.n.-Mr A. H. Palmer, the Colonial Secretary,whilst apparently under the influence of liquor, attempted to address the electors' of the con stituency, at the School of Arts, yesterday, at 4 o'clock. .He groaned and got excited, niade faces, anl took "lunars" at the electors and called them a lot of blackgaards, and another name too disgusting to be published. Hie also challenged them to fight, and got down from the platform, and went among the crowd. He then fell, but was pickeed up by the supporters of the opposition can didate, Mr Alexander Fyffe, .and carefelly carried outside the hall. He did not again return.-Telegraai to Empi' e. A COLONIAL WINE SHOP.-The follow ing sketch of a colonial wine shop in Mel bourne is given -in the Weekly Times T Wine, 2d. per glass; 6d. per bottle," is an announcement on the frosted panes of the window of a small shop in a popular thoroughfare in Melbourne. Would not one from such a sign naturally imagine himself to be stopping in front of a low place something like a threepenny tap ? Would he not expect to see three or four drunken brutes in human shape lounging about the bar; others, still more inebria ted, quarrelling over their cups, dashing brawny fists upon the counter, and dis puting in language of the most filthy de scription I and would he not expect to see a more inveterate toper than the rest thrust into the street by some stalwart barman ? And entering the establish ment, would he not expect to see de bauchery and nothing else? .Tliese ques tions suggested themselves to me -as I passed the shop'to which I have dlluded one day, some weeks sinee, and- a drij "or. two afterwards I was- not a little horrified= at being invited by a married friend of mine to go into this place and " join, him in a bottle of wine." I observed thatI was not in the habit of frequenting such places, and that it was not very creditable for him to do so, when he stopped me by saying, " Bisoyna amar '_ camico con, i soul difetti"-an Italian proverb which, translated,- runs this :-" -We must like our.friend with his failings."W- He further made a bet with me that if -I once went: in with him I would go again. Ilost that bet, for I visited the house frequently after my first introduction. Asyou enter the door, you hear a continual buzz of a number-of people talking, and onturn ing round, a screen which hides the inter ior from-the view of passeis-by :in the:. streetvyou see some fifty or sixty persons seated at tables, and .three attendants busily engaged in waiting upon them. The place is covered with sawdust, and as a portion of the company are French and Germans, the: place has the air of a1 Frenicli cabaret. Thecompany consists pincipally of artisans and labouring men, butf there is a sprinkling .of those who hold: a higher social, position in life, and some: of the men have theiri. wives with them. There is no taproom noise here no drunkenness, no bad language, no quar relling: naught is heard but the' busy him: of conversation and the click of , glasses- as the attendants flit to and fro, and' serve their numerous customers: -1 These waiters hurry from the bar to table. after table, carrying bottles of wine to' 1 to-family parties and parties of friends; and as one after another of the customers leave, their seats are occupied by fresh: comers. I have seen the rooms crowded. from 7 -until 12 o'clock on Saturday 1 nights; but only once did I see a drunkeni man there, and he had 'got drunk lin, a. "publie" before going there. The wine 1 served is mild, but it is pure and unadul- terated. FRIGHTFUL ACoIDENT= Yesterday afternoon, about h Alf past -'5 o'clock. several men .weie workinkmn &at.; alarge piece of.rock, weighing about 100 tons; in Cummings's quarry, Pyrmont'ivlienit suddenly gave way, and"rolled some -dis tance. - One of the men, named' Henry Tyrrel, was knocked down by it, and the whole mass of rock went over him. -A man 'named Felix Carroll cauught hold of a rope that was hanging from above, and swung with such force against a crane thathe, althoughsavedfrom instantaneous death, had to be taken to the infirmary, where it was discovered lie had sust:'ined a fracture of part of the pelvis, also con siderable bruises about the face. He was, when we last called at the infirmary, get- I ting on favourably. Another man clung to a rope that was suspended close by, and did not receive any injury. The un fortunate man Tyrrell when picked up I was quite dead, and in such a fearfully mutilated state that it was considered ad visable to' take the body to the dead house, Circular Quay, and it was- accord inglyconveyed there in a cart. Deceased was forty-five years of age, and resided in Mount-street, Pyrmont. He has left a - widow and . a family of six children, most of whom are young. An inquest will be held this day, at the Observer Tavern, Lower Geoge-street.-Empire. . ANOTHER GORILLA.-It is siad by per sons frequenting the neighbourhood of Belgrave, that a gorilla has made its ap pearance in that vicinity. A short time ago a camp of -blacks were so seared by the appearance of the alleged -monster, that they left their camp, and hastened with all possible speed to Warneton, and refused to return. When asked for a de scription of the animal they saw; they said, - " That fellow run on four legs, and 1 stand up and rin on two legs; him got plenty fellow hair all over." Two young men are also said to have been riding along through the bush between Belgrave 4 and Warneton, when the supposed gorilla rushed through the bush near them, and so frightened the horse (a very quiet one) which one of the young men were riding that it was with great difficulty that he could-keep-his seat, and prevent the horse 1 from bolting. A short time after, so-the story goes, a person residing in the same \- neighbourhood, hearinig his bull-dog bark iig~ anid making desperate efforts to break his chain, evidently wishing to get at something he saw in the bush, let the dog loiose. -The dog, a very savage brute, immediately tore away in a furious man ner towards the bush, but in a short time. hewais seen beating a sneedy retreat, with Khis-courage evidently cooled. He took: refuse -in the house, and could not be persuiaded toleave it. A partyof -young men, it is said, formied a sort of 'exp,edi tion in pursuit of the alleged gorilli, but' have not been able to test the truth of the statements respecting the ferocious crea ture of the woods. PASTORAL.-In a previous issue it was stated that some heifers, the property of Messrs Watson Brothers, of 'Alatong, Buckley's Crossing, had passed through Cooma, en route to Queanbeyan, to meet Mr G. Campbell's celebrated bull, John O'Groat. That statement was not liter ally correct; the cattle had left the station, but had not reached Cooma. However, the animals passed through on Saturday last; we do not recollect ever beforein' this district having seen as fine allot of heifers as they are. The very appearance' of, the animals at once denotes that they; are well bred stock. Conspicuous amongst them, were a few bearing unmistakeable' evidence of the Devon and Hereford breed; and one roan cow which, under Section 3, extra stock; was awar ded the silver medal at the 'Pastoral Show held at Cooma in January last. - Monac'o 11fercwrl'.< NARROW ESCAPE FROM A DREADFUL' DEATH.-The Wagga'Advertiser of Sa turday says :-=A narrow escape "from a frightful fate'wais 'experienced yesterday morning by a man engaged at a' butcher' ing establishment in town in attending to a sausage-imachine. The machine; i very large one, is woiked by a horse, and the animal, being frightencd by a' child who was standing by, commenced to gallop round the enclosure' The .man rushed to stop him, but in doirng so part of his clothing caught in the teeth of the machine and then' ensued a frightful .struggle to prevent himself from heing drawn into the' machine and made liter ally mincemeat of. His clothes were torn'into'ribbons, and in another moi Iment he would have shaied their fite, when1his piercing screams havingattrac ted attention, the 'machine was stopped, and he was rescued': from his perilous position considerably dilapidated and half dead with fright, but'without a scratch. TATOOINGo WRITE MEN.- Tattooing in its extensive form is generaUy believed to be an appanage of uncivilised life, but an example is afforded to the contrary by the' Hobart Town Mercury, which, goes to show that white men sometimes in duilgeto a-high decree in this. decoration' of the'body. A man-in;Hobart Town; named Isaac 'Comer, who has' a string of convictions Agaiinst this name quite ! ap panlin . igbut who, after a long prisoni-life has been, at liberty since 1867, has his body nearly covered with marks indelible tattooed into the skin. The following` almost incredible l4is of :such marks should, we imagine, leave no doubt as to his identity shouldl he at any future time be require;:c-lOn his right arm`-Man smoking Ei pipe; S. C', womanawith iglass 'Jano. Bell woman and mann smoking ra pipe; R.C. -glass aand jug on table man .C. Csundry stars; a half moon, man and women Band in hand, sun, woman with glass;' W.V Mwomen with glass, niermaid aud' sun. On the back of his right hand Anchor, crucifixion, J.B. J. C., and seven stars. A rmingon the middle finger. of right hand. On his left arm-m High lander, man with hat in his hand arm-in arm with a woman, B.J.C; blue square; turkey fowl, sun, J.(.,J.B., crown, anchor' (upside doivn),'crucifix, 'anchor, sun, wo man, crucifixion, sunl half-moon -nice dots, heart and darts, and shears. Brace let on left-wrist: On back of left hand -=twenty-one dots, seven stars anchor,'. five hearts, AJ.B., and sun. Ring on each finger of left hand Onr his breast -ship, mermaid, hull of a ship, two men sparring. - On his right thigh-- Womuin, seven stars, crufixion; sun and moon. On his left thigh-Man smoking a pipe; 'mer maid with comb and looking-eclass, seven' stars, .a woman' with dove in her hand; man hanging. from a gallows, iman and ladder."a There is also a mnr'ug'round 'his stomach. Seven stars, .two m.ing, and' anchor inside his legs, besides mairks on other parts of his body. A RoMANcE.-Romances in real life are not always to be met with, and the adage that "truthis stranger than fiction, is after all, -nit very frequently borne out by everyday experience.' One of these cases, however, did occur in the family of a wealthy squatter on the WVimmera 'a few days ago, a servant engaged'to atteiid' on the children having stepped into a' title and a property of £40'000, under thme name of Lady Elizubeth Morton. It would appear that the lady, while acting as a servant in the family, frequently those around her of her aristocratic con nections but no one credited her tale. She canie out, it appears, to this country. without an education at all adequate to' position, and it. is not improbable that~ but for the efforts of an able lawyer.'in' Melbourue, Lady Eliiimbeth 'Mortonw would have remained in a dependant po sition to the day of her death.-Pleasant Creek News. A VISIT FROM THE DEAD.-Sergeant. Larmer has been called up on' to 'act as adviser to the Chinese at Golden' Point.' A few days ago Ah Coon, wvho'some years since acted as Chinese interpreter at Biil larat, waited on the sergeant to. askc his. advice upon a very serious question. Ahm Cookn stated that one night he was asleep in his hut at Golden Point, when he was aroused by a tapping at the door. He got out of bed, and looking out, sawv van ishing in the darkness a misty row of figures, with Chinese countenances and clothed in long white flowing robes. Ah Coon wondered, but seeing nothing more returned to his slumbers. In a few rno monts the knocking commenced again, and this time when Ah Coon went to the' door, he says flhe figures were more ,dis tinct, and he saw that the procession was headed by the shade of an old Chinaman. `witha long white' beard. Again the_ procession of ghosts vanished, again Ah Coon returned troubled to bed, and agaix the knocking was resumed. This tinie Ahx Loon pondered before he openied the door He was sure his visitors were from the other world, and he mentally reviewed his past life to try and remem ber if he had ever anade any promises to the dead and left them untultilled. He suddenly recollecrted that when the caime tery axuthorities had, on *account of the danger, objected to the burning o£ paper over the Chinese graves in the cemetery, ho had promised- to have a small fireplace and chimney exected there for the purpose, of carrying out the Chinese custom; of burnxng a certain kind 'of/ paper atidif fereat times over the graves of the depar ted 'This promise he had not carried out: anmd he was sui e that this -accounted for the visits of the ghosts. Having arrived at this conclusion, Ah Coon'vent'to the door, and found th0 ghosts drawn ,uip= in ti semicircle before him. He addressed the venerable leader in Chinese; proils ing tto have the chimney erected, amd apologising for bhiingin them out in such weather. Ah Coon has built the chiminey: and fireplace, and since slept undisturbed. The saume Chxnamin also informed the sergeanut of 'another ghostly" adventure, some years before ' This time Alh Coon was awakened by something' pulling his shoulder, land when lie operned his eyes he saw a lairge cat with aýv white bicasti standing beside him. He knew, fiom the: cat's behaviour, that it was not if this: eiirth; but it did not appear to understaind Chinese when he]tiddressed it in that lan guage, and the animal also appeared quite. as ignorant of English. Ai Coon then rememibered that iii China, the =land 'f his birtli,hit was generally uinderstood that ghosts could not hold pens ox pencils. -As this cat could not or would not speak, Ah Coon wanted it to- write its requests or complaints b buttthere was a difflculty about holdiing the pen. Chinese ingenuity however, soon overcame' all difficulties: 41h Coongot an iron tea-tray, and having' smeared it over with oil, sprinkled it with fine ashes. The white -breasted cat knder stood at once. With one of- its paws it wrote in Chinese characters on the tea-: tray that it was the-spirit of a China man; : whose body was at that moment' lying buried in a drive at Long Gully, near Creswick. I lIt askede Ah: Coon to have the body removed from the claiir and decently buried, and begged that if such a thing as an inquest was heldb the body might riot be mutilated. The cit . then -melted away into thin=air, and AhI Coon slept.. The next morning he states that he rode -to -Long Gully,' found the body ass described, and -had it b96ried'after kxn -jinquest;, at 'which there was no' -post-mortem. Q examination; held: Ah Coon'-wafited the sergeant to advise him as to what lhe- should do in the event of another vist of the samie kind, but Lar nor ipftirmed. hiin that the thin- was " out of his line."-Bendigo Ad'vertiser. FATAL AcCIDENT iN PITT STREET. Shortly ,before 9 o'clock yesterday morn ing, a boy named Anddrewi Graham foxr teen years of age,.einployed .at, Mlessrs Farmer and Painter's drapeiry establish ment; Fitt-street, died from injuries re ceived by an iron door-falling on .him in the warehoulse. Dr Tmylor was called-in' but, his serxices wea re.of no avail: We understand Messrs Farmer and Painter are building a safe orstronghold, the sides of which are of iron. One of these sides with a door in the centio, 'was resting up `against the wal. i It is conjectured that he was endeavouring to open the door. when the whole side fell on hium and crushed him.-The death of the lad1 muist' have been almost instantaneous as the dooi, which fell on his hBead and sacrosso his shoulders, was a very iarge;andhei avy one, with a- strong iron franie., , The de ceased when viewed by the jury lay with his face downwards and from his mouth and ears and otherx pirts eof boxdyr a air quanity of blood had flown, and the sight altogether was very heartrending. Ie lad had a very good clia xieter, and at the tiune; of the .occurrence was- about to sweep the room. It seells tbit the door had been placed against thie shelle's afind while restina' in that position, if un.. touched was quitoae, tintit wvoxild ap peax thit the unfox tnate deceased caught hold of thiehiandle, and the whole was jpulled oves' and fell, on hlin, crushina' his . heaid i in , ost frig'htful annailer. A portion of his h iie ivas on the door* adid a ring, on which w is fix.ec a numbar of ke s, was smuished to atoms.--Enpin'. rThe Queenisland mnidstry have announced their intentiointo idtem the capital to ai more centiral-piisitioni thani lBrsbane. aa 1Thr ieaniesAfhaliabrxa picked uip a por tipo of the w.neckF oftie Maceduiff Tl'e hun12fdrcd ( the 1\celiuuarne elite luniclicd with the 111aiqiiis of Noi niay a t the 'Lovia Haill The Hairtley Ieiosene \fining ,Compaiiy have .sold :thexi piropexty ant Hartley fo L191000O :The Duxtchi ax steamneor iaoa a rrived to day foron Melbiournie. & br has been coimnixtted for trxal for aittempting to polisonr a family muith whom kishek lived. in g a political association, notwitihstanding the Vicer- General bas denfounced the xr ome The Commercial lB ixkxog CO mpany hai a declared a dividead equal to i4 per cent per e.Axkenh,fpos makster at Shioahiaven, has ~been committed for enbezzle'ineat A lsad accident, happened to young MIr Fitz. gearddof Bowning to-day. While folilowing a "funeral he was dashed against a tree. No bopes are entertain ot his recovery. 