OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (From our own Correspondent,) . Ailelaulo, Novcmbor 17. I begin to wnto tins in glorious uncer tainty as to wlio has the beat right to.lie re garded as rulers of South Australia. " Quo AVOO doth tread upon anotbor's heels, so fast tlioy follow;" if indeedMinisterial convul sions call be callodwoes; Tho troth is, Cabinets' are: so brittle in' South Australia that nobody sooras to trouble tlxeir bonds as to tlieui. The transformatioiiB aro so rapid that thorp aro very Tow \ylio know or oven caro to?know who aro in or wlio . are out. Although wo in Adelaido aro living in an atmosphere of crisis, it is astonishing what indifference is, exhibited, Of t oourao people talk aboutthe'ministers, but it is in atono of uttqr nonchalance like disinterested spec tators, and bets are mado as to the personnel of the oqoupants'of different officos, My parliamentary narrative lias t already boon brought down to Tuesday evening, anti'sinee thon-there has boon nothing except a mild do1uge,tho,cffoots of which have not devo lopod tbemsolvos yet. OnWednosday thoro was 'a caucus, at which a sufficiont number of members solemnly pledged thomsolvos not to rest until they had slain tho revised edition of the Hart Cabinet. Mr. Hughes was unanimously oloctcd head priest to preside at the approachiug sacrifice, no othor son of Levi having a "ghost of a chance agaiust him. Mr. Boueaut's namo waej brought to tho front but received in solemn silence, for veriljfc that hon. member has dono himself harm through hio manner of matiag fi.itig tho solemn rites, with the conduct' of ; M'hioli ho had been charged, So stroug did .thq hostile feeling run that tho, Attorney General W£§ to liavo boon--not Mr. Bouoaut, but if possible Mr. Baker, and if not possiblo -jniraoilc diciu-Mr. Mildred. It is too true that Mr, Mildred, in a spirit of humility that sits gracefully upon him, took tho earliest opportunity of repudiating, but ho intensified tfio joko by giving as his reason a fear, of seriously injuriug his business, The Houso hoard this humorous announcement with well-bw3<l silouce, but tho public liavo taken a note of it as one of tho ludicrous things that do fuul utterance in crisis times. "Well,-as J say, Mi". Hughes, being formally deputed to lead off tho attack, gave his notice on Wednesday for Thursday, and of course business was suspended. lam not going to inflict upon you tho tediousness of a dobato possessing nearly all tho characteris tics of its predecessor, so far as solid and prosy qualities goes, but divested of those sprightly personalities which rendered it digestible. The opening speech was redolent of dignity. A sacred and solemn duty had been imposed upon tho,mover, and he was prepared to rush on and. fulfil it, oven at tho sacrifice of his personal feeling and indi vidual case. Tho Treasurer, in replying, complimented him on the success with which lie Hod 'concealed all traces of the martyr's aspect, and. tho pleasant although utterly ineffective way in which ho had discharged .an irksome and distasteful duty. And then the floodgates of talk woro pushed back, and tfotf flvo hours, platitudes relieved by an .occasional sparkle of humour flowed through .-.pot in a torrent-oh no ! there was noth ing impetuous in it, bu t in a sluggish stream, which oventually exhausted itsolfj but not until, Jong after it had exhausted tho on lookers. . It is true a few spectators sat the .?aflfair. out, but it was only the courageous and persevering few, , Hours before the 'affair .closed it* was evident'to; all that the result .depended upon tho vote of Mr. Stewart. That,member had iu his speech doolarqd his intontion nob to vote, and tho speaking was kept up that ample opportunity might be .?ghreh him to reconsider Irs decision. At Uength it was whispered round thac he had ve'considcrcd it, and had consented to leap into the breach and save tho Ministry j but ?Aviien all was over-when Mr. Hughes had ifirod his last'bolt and there was nothing left >3nit to count heads, Mr. Stewart was not. "Tho foolish shepherds who had beon shop ^herding him with paternal care failed at tho last momeut. Just before tho doors were locked it wa3 discovered that the erring sheep, had gone astray. A messenger was csentout to tno wilderness to restore him, but .before ho -could, wako.good bis return thq .doors' were shut and, every effort to gain admittance was ineffectual;' Tim contretemps .ohauged the fortunes';of war, and the divi sion list showed a tie., The Speaker, with a "wry face,' had voted on principle against the .Government and themischief had been done. Klnimediately upou the result being de >olared Mr. Hughes; wifch a promptitude of (Tesourco which has stood him in good stead .on former occasions, bethought himself of an .oyster supper. The order was at once givon and the invitations, embracing not merely -the fifteen who had supported tho motion, ibut some good-natured souls whoso allegianco ?to the Government was thought to bo of a very fragile character, wore issued. Thirteen ^assembled, and in that anxious quarter of an .hour preceding the announcement .that tho iusoious bivalves were ready, talked over tho situation, and there and then decided, to «upport tho master of the feast for the rest -of the session. Whether this deoision was ?due to the-idea of no support no supper is a ouestioi} which the puolio have not tho means of judging, but the pledge was taken and duly recorded in tho papers, although .tihe numbor, of those who had accepted it was ?cousidorately withheld. As yot tho supper has resulted in nothing, bcoauso the old dSovernmout aro sticking tenaciously to.offico -that is to say, they wero doing so at mid day to-day. Mr, Hughes has beon marching 41 p and down prepared to recoivoa summons, out the summons has not eomo, The public Hrthat iS tto. say, the half dozon who roe! an interest in other people's affairs-have been' watching the faces of the ministers' to try to toad from them what is intended, but they tare terribly oracular. Tho Premier's face is dark and gloomy, but tho Attorney-General ia in spirits, and even the now Commissioner of Crown Lands keeps his heart. . Tho strong; impression! is that the Cabinet have desired 'a dissolution and that thoy have not yet got JtjJmt I supposQ tho tolograph will inform you as to tno latest state of the cose. Tho Governor reaohed towii this 'morning, and ,the determination is of course in his hands. ' The Electoral Districts Soleot Committee' have brought up their report, and it is mate rially at Varianco with tjie Bill submitted by the Government. There aro to be no dis trict extinctions, but threo new divisions are . to be oreated-one in the South-East, one on Yorke'a Poniusula, and one in the North, It is not very, clear from tho description whother Peiiola doos not come within tho new district of Albert, but tho whole of Narracoorte arid its environs, and tho Tatiara country generally, is included. Tho dual system of representation/is to bo perpetu ated, and for the 21 districts 42 ropresonta ' tivosuare to be roturned. Of course this will .'avrajj^n tho:: jealousy. of the Upper House, which'will demand to havo its 21 members, and I 'suppose will get th cm. This increase of members id not an important considera "tUfa when it is recollected that the principle of payment has boon affirmed. It will be remembered that threo or four . years.ago groat interest was felt in the ques tion of the existence of scab at Wellington, , and keen inquiries we're set on foot as to how3 it got there. MivE. 0. Hughoshas written to the Register to say that the diffi culty has. ldtoly been "solvod, and that the disease was communioatod to tho Wellington flooks by travelling sheepWhich it was believed had found their way across the' border. It is to bo presumed further infor mation will be givon as a satisfaction to tho mind of Mr. Galbraith. A horriblo niurclei' was.committed at Violet Town, Victoria, on Saturday ovening, A man namca Ghuto killed his wife with an nxe, anil escapod into the bush, The cause is supposed to bo jealousy. Chute was not living with his wife at the timo.' ? Two swagmen saw him commit the deed, and offered no assistance to the unfortunato woman, All tho polico force hero, and many of the residents about Violet Town, are in pursuit of the murdorer. Ho is not yet captured, but is supposed to bo hidden iirthe neighbourhood. An influential public meeting in Sydney on the night of tho 14th presided over by the Gover nor, condemned tho labor traffic in the South Seas ds the cause of Bishop Pattoaon's death, 