PALMER STREET MUTUAL IMPROVE MENT SOCIETY. Lecture uy the Rev. C. McOullooii. "SCIENCE AND THE BIBLE." On Tuesday evening last an interesting and in stinctive lecture, on the subject of "Science and tlie Bible," was delivered (in. connection with the P.ilmer-slreet Mutual Improvement So ciety) by the Rev. Colin M'Cullooh of Balmain, at the Palmer-street Presbyterian Church. There was a numerous viie nev. ur. m-uiooon, tne pastor or tne church, presidings.' Proceeding having been commenced with prayer, the rev. chairman in troduced the lecturer with a few appropriate re marks. The rev. lecturer explained that he proposed that evening to speak of .some of the aspects of what was but too commonly knoivn as. " Science," viewed in its rehitiou to Scrip ture and" Scriptural truth j desiring it to .be understood that his strictures only had refer- ohee , to (Science "falsely so-called,'.' and popu larly so designated. To science, in -the true and proper signification of the term, he had, of course, the highest respect and veneration ; be lieving, as he firmly did, that true science was not, and could not be, opposed to Divine Reve lation, but was, in all respects, consistent there with. It was to the .spirit of but too many of the eager votaries of modern science, rashly, and with a- manifest prejudice, assuming novel theories to be. based upon facts which had really no such foundation, that he entered his protest. Men now, in the name of science,, were wont to advance, theories founded upon very insufficient and imperfectly ascertained data, making their ignorant, rash, and hasty deductions to the pre- judice of the interests of abstract truth. The result of this proneness to dogmatise upon what had not been clearly ascertained was, and must be, error, although it was falsely declared to be a free and uiifettered search after knowledge.- The lecturer candidly recognised the benelits conferred upon mankind by the labours of true science, and summarised, in an amusing man ner, th« consternation swhich much of those la bours had caused in the intellectual world, com paring the opposition of the Roman Church to science to the fruitless toil of Dame Partington, in her efforts to mop out the waves of the At lantic ; and pointing out that the celebrated Encyclical Ecttef had not exactly settled the question, although it had been rammed down with the dogma of Infallibility. True it was that science had swept away much that was not unpleasing and poetical, withering with its hard facts much that many Avould like to have seen 1 spared. They must be prepared to see this de- 1 velopment of the mind of the age, and fear lessly to contemplate it, bnt tliey were, never theless, bound to see' that what were put for ward were hard facts — facts clearly and indubit- . ably ascertained — before the accepted any of the. inductions sought to be instituted. Many of the inductions were drawn from amusingly . vague premises — conjectures that although as serted as important facts, vanquished altogether before a candid, careful, and dispassionate in quiry. The lecturer glanced at the grave revo- . lution effected, or sought to be effected in his tory by modern science ; what it had done for the Homeric Legends, and for the wonderful traditions of early Rome, juid he quoted Tenny son against the arid philosophy that seemed de termined to declare war against all that was ira- aginative and not material. He referred also to Auguste Comte's notions about the true position of man' ; and to the late controversy between Professor Huxley and Professor Owen on the origin of man, in terms that created much amusenieut. The two learned professors had waged the war over the bones of the ape— Pro fessor Owen contending that the brain of man had an organic difference from the brain of an ape, and Huxley contending fiercely for a simian ancestor in some remote ages. '. Professor Owen declared that the ape had not a hippo-campus minor, and- Professor Huxley insisted that he had . He thought they might concede the hippo, campus minor to- the ape, and the possession of. such an ancestor', to Mr. Huxley (if. he wished it) but that for a reasonable man such a descent might still be reasonably denied. The lecturer then touched upon -the Darwinian theory of development, and shewed how utterly, hypothe tical it all was ; and he further pointed out that much of that so-called science in the interest of infidelity had once asserted, was now totally abandoned for the vantage ground of some new and more convenient- hypotheses Science had once.positively denied that the different races of man could have come from one stock, and that stock was the ape. The lecturer also quoted from Humboldt in support of the unity of the human race, and enlarged upon the narrowness of the several bases upon which several modern theories had been advanced against what was taught us by Revelation upon this subject, and on other subjects in connection therewith. Truth was often endangered by the unskilfuI- ness and vagaries of its defenders ; nay, it was often defended so recklessly and so foolishly as to betray it to the attacks of infidelity. Rash and imprudent defenders of revelation tried to explain away miracles, for example, by. explana tions far more difficult to believe, until, in the end, the seven lean kine of science seemed ready to devour the seven fat kine of faith. The lec turer very happily illustrtated his meaning- iii this, by referring to Kepler's theory about the miraculous Star of Bethlehem, which, fis he would have it, was only the planetary conjunc tion of .Jupiter and Saturn. Such a conjunction' happened seven years before the Christian era, and therefore Kepler proposed (on the shadow of a shadow) to " rectify" the chronology of the life of Ciirist. Dean Alford takes up the theory and brings it ont as a new iind undoubted dis covery, getting rid, forsooth, of the difficulty of the Biblical miracle by assumptions as gratuit ous as incredible. Science then, comes in and examines Alford's supposed f.acts and down goes the whole .structure ; Mr. Secretary Smith, the astronomer, showing that the two stars could not possibly have been seen in conjunc tion at the time and place Kepler and Alford had supposed. The lecturer complained of the sympathy of the friends of false science for in fidelity. as shown in a variety of instances, and concluded by the inquiry as to the duty of the believer ? What was the course to be pursued ? The first method Avas tosit doAvn and ctxrse, but that would be of little use. Even eighty curses would be of little use ; .and there were many objections to it on higher grounds. " -An other mode was to disregard the deductions of modern science altogether; to turn round and go back to antiquity, to mediaeval ideas and ways ; to rags, crosses, incense, candlestick's, and so forth. That way was becoming popular in England, and even in .Scotland there was, in some quarters, a leaning that way ; but it was generally disapproved of in the respectable family of .John Knox. ' The qidy true Avay to deal Avitli the iliflicnlfcy Avas to study the Scrip ture Avitli a reverent mind, onde.s.vonring to a.s- cei'tain Avliat Avas tlic moaning of the text of tlic Word of God, and to hold fast to its eternal truths with an unshaken faith. Let them be lieve in Revealed Truth, and then rest assured that science — real science — would eventually be most certainly found to be not opposed thereto,' Science must bring all its treasures at length to the feet of Christ." The struggle by which some were dismayed was not a struggle between Science and Revelation, but between Opinion and Faith. By Faith all truth would eventually be made fully manifest to tbeni all. Let tbcm face the opinions of an infidelity that presump tuously arrogated to itself the name of science, and they would find that before the steady eye of Faith all the phantasms which opposed them would vanish. On the motion of Mr. .'Frascr, seconded bv Mr. Donaldson, a vote of. thanks Avas aAv.ai'decl to the lecturer. -: —Herald. EiiXtATij.Ar IN LAST NUiunER.— Fir.t Leader, 'Ith p.age, third column, first tAA'o lines of jiaragraph third, for " one Avork" read " our AA'ork for " terminated" re.ad "commenced." PoTEUV IN Vicu'outA. — Tlic Roinauists in our neighbouring colony are t.aking decisive steps for the purpose of keeping their hold on the edu cation of the young of their jieoplc. The matter is one of life and i.leatli to them. They eannot afford that their young people should i-cccIa'c a free and a liberal education. In former times they left their young Avithout any schooling at all ; and tllose Avore the blissful times of obe dience and ignoi-iince. But uoav that Rouiish parents icill li.aA'C scliooling for their cliildren, the priests are i.'esolved that education shall be jnade as useful to theiii as ignorance had been In order to this, they amist have control of their education. They must mix up Popery Avith reading, aa-riting, and arithmetic. '.L'he school must liave a supply of C";itholic furniture. Tlie style .and air of the school must be cliurebilied. At tAvelve o'clock the' cliildren must be tauglit to sing tlio Avijetus Domini,. At opening and closing they npust bo t.augbt to cro.ss themselves and to say Ave-Maria. And then the reading booksmust consist of stories abou ttlio churcli, the Anrgin, and the priest, and their geography must be false aicnOnnts in f.aA'onr of the ebiireh. In this 'vay the childr Unless tbey be so bred, the cause of the Church is gone. Therefore no time must be lost.' No scruple must be slioAvn in making demands. And heaA'en and earth must be moA''ed tbat tboir end may be gained, otherwiso all is over Avitli them ! This explains the fnantie efforts of the Romish priest to iqjset the Public School Act here. By hook aiid by crook they AVork dcspe- 'i-ately that the Act may be cmnscul.-ited. By all false pretences they make attacks upoii the Act. They aa'.ant representation in the Connuil, They want books. Tlicy'Avaut app.ar.atus. ThcyAA'ant the Act . liberally interpreted. Tliey Avant the Act justly administered. All this is mere Popish p)"retehce ; for their real Avant 's, they Avant that the Act be tir.st dam, aged in repnt.a- tiou, and then tbey Avaut tbat it be utterly abolished, . 'At last election they did aa-hat they could to def.am'e' the Act, and raise prejudices against it. Every kiiigle election Avhicli takos place noAV is a ncAV occ.dsiou for attacks iqion tiie the Act ; and if a dissolution t.akes place shortly, this aa'ill be made by the Romanists -the grand party cry— " Freedom of conseioneo to C.atliolies in. the .educiatipn.- of their eliildrcu ! " The Roinanitis in Victoria have forestalled ns' in thi.® ciy. 'They have "cast the die. They have aA'OAVcd their game, fi'he priests in solemn concIaA'o have resolA'ed to.oiipo'se CA'cry candidate who appears in favour of the ucav education bill of that colony— a bill Avhicli, in many respects, is bctter tllau,ouiAct, "as being more 'decidedly pniblic and'auti'-denoiuiuational ; and as thus resolved, tbey liaA'e issued circiil.ars , to guide their people as to hoAV to votoV aiid So noAV "tlio Church" is turned iiito " a' great political machine, .and imdor colour of 'religi.on, .and under the terrible anathemas of roli.gion, the Romish people arc driven by tlicir fears to (jprve the priests ! Tliis ongbt to bo a lesson to Protortant.s both there and here as to what the Roniisii Church really is. V\'e affirm th.at it is .not a church but a political con.spiracy. We affirm that the jieople arc not British subjects, but subjects of the Priests. A\'c affirm tbat tbey b.ave no politic.oJ. rights, ' bnt m/ir't the I'riests allow them. We nflirni tbat all efforts to deal aa-itli the people ns if tlie.y Avei-e free agents, are in vain, as they "cannot think, they d.aro not think, they ilaro not do anything, in opposition to that indestly form which all (heir life , from tkecrudU- to the 'iravc.' . , Mr. .Ion n Steaa'artas Erujc'.rioN.— 'We are glad tliat the gallant little constituency of K.iama has come iq) to the scratch Witli its usucl decision in the return of Mr. Stewart in the room of Mr. Parkes.' The loyalty of this con stituency is Avell -kiioAvn. NotAA'ithstanding all the drivel oi Ptinch tmA .Preetnan about the " Gho.st uotAvithstanding all the efforts which haA-c been made to alienate the party Avhich .has been fprmcd there, Kiama has held but one A'oice, and pre.seuted but'oue front, during tbesu p.ast struggles. 'The opposition of green iiien ..and of milk, and -lA'ater moii must liave become feeble indeed, since, in .spite of Mr. John Stewart's aa'cll-knowii liljoral views, not a "sound has been heard, nor a, fimeral note." What came over the Priest '! 'WTiat quieted the C.atholic roar against Mart'ii, Pavkcs, and the. School Act ? la the " Fenian beast" (lead ? ' Or did it nieroly perceive thai the' gallant consti tuency Avas .so true : to .Ir. Pprkes kh.at it .-Avas U8ele.ss. .for any oho to aim at succeeding him, but an " Alter Ego ".Ea'ENJNj; Neaals" Tjuckh. — The Jivenimj Neics did a 'stroke of business on M onday last by giving Aviiul to a canard, Th.at cunning little poiiuy paper, AA'hich has alAA'ays an ample siijjply' of "murders," ".acoidouts,"" trials," "fires," and other sensational matter provided for -it, apparently ou imrpose, gave out on Mon day that important telegrams Avcro to hand con cerning serious comjdicabions of England .vA'ith America, &c.; The rejiort Ugav like wild-lire through the city, and the only ehooiiraging fact made public was that the Eveniny Ni wa Would publish a full and' jiartifiular accouiit. 'When the issue came from the pressj AA'hat did the es cited and expectant piiblio get for their paiiis T Why, some old telegrams aa'hich the Government had given to tho liapora—telci/ranm which had eomc. last mail, and the substance of wliii-h Avas Avoll-loioAATi 1 Of course the trick sold some hundreds of the Evening News at a penny each. The street- boys seemed to perceive the import- auee of the occasion; ami aa'unt about tboir bu.si- iiQss Avitb additiou.al zeal ; but Avhile .such c.anards may be xdoasing to the Evening E'ewx, thoy arc anj-thiug but xdeasiug to tho po.blic. We tbink tbat tho xAiiblic Ai'onld subscribj a fow huudred iience to be secure from such seiisc-leas sensationalism. The fable of the boy and the wolf ought to be i-euiembercd by the Even in./ News. "Serious comijlicatioas" Avill bo serious oiioiigli when the time comes. War Aiill not be chilil's-ifi.ay if it should A'isit tlie colwi'os. In the x>voscnt au.Aious state of things, theroforo tlio public should be spared that x»aiu and fever- ishness Avhich may be profitable to the Even in;/ New.i, by driving the sale of a few. hundred copies. Bisiioi' Bailev in Tuouule. — We see by the yaqjcrs that the far-famed Bi.shox» of tho Fi-oe Church of Engl.and has been committed to take bis trial for a breach of the Marriage Aqt, in marrying a girl Hi yo.Ars as if she had been 21. 'J.lic Governnieut is prossoutinj on the informii- tion of the Registrar General. We make no re mark on this case, iis the facts have yet to lie elicited on trial, but Ave think that the Govern ment is itself to blame for the occurreiiuu of such cases. We are aware of nuany such ciises Laving haiqiened in the hands of tlio same "eccle siastical dignitary," but the parents or friends of the minors aa'hom ho had married had not the courage to lay information or prosecute. What else could be expected from the said Bisluqi's marryiug trade 'i The Govcrnmeiit, coiitr.ary to the spirit of the Marriage Act, has givou him authority to eelebr.ate marriages as if he Avere a clcrg.ymavi Avithiii tho obi'loiis meaning of tlie act. it is the merest dcliisioii to iinagiue -tiuit this Bislioxj has a care of souls. It is a jjublie farce to luwe it notified that tho said bisliop is at tlio head of ,an cc-clcsiastioal body in Bydhey. His "Glinrcli" in the "Odd Fellow's' Hall,'' Avas odd oiioiigli, and since the " remoA'.al of his eccleia-stical furnitiuo of sHipilice and . luitrc from that odd cathedral to the Tciiqjerancc Hall, the oddness of the establislimcnt has not bten changed. We have been informed that the " Gliurch" in that idacc nndcr the jiudsdiction of the said Bishop sometimes consists of half a dozen I This Bishop Avas r.aised to the "Eiiis- copal bench" by a scliool master and an " odd" minister named Faiicett, .and no sooner did tbo exaltation take place, and tbe necessary consc- eratiou and iustalation, than tbe Bisho) and liis Brethren quarrelled, so tliatthey bothforsnokliim as an — and left biin alone in all bis glory. Noav, Under these circumstances is not the Govorii- mont' itself to blame, in giA'ing sanction to such occlesia.s'tieal farces '? On aa'hat ground has this Bi.shoi authority to eelchrate marriages ? His Ohureh is a " nou c'st iiiA'entiim his .crozicr and metre are equally spjiritual ; his bishoprick is in the region of imagination ; . ami yet the <;lovcriiment gives him recognition nud st.atus as a clergymen, AA'ithiu the moaning of the act ! The ' truth is, the religious part of the matter . Avoiild bo nothing Avere it not fot the " marrying tr.urc." The Bishox» marries "Avithoiit eompiil- s.ary foes." No "reasnnahlo oll'er is refused." The consequence is, all sorts. and sizes go and get a eheax) job done. Tbe job is done, at any bour, and a'ery eotivenienbly ; for the housekeeper of the Bishop aa'ill giA'e an .y girl away Avho does not haxqjontohaa'e a aa'illing mothor, or, a. female friend ! And to all this the Goveruniont gives it sanction -under the ridiculous xjlca.of solving a roligioiiB body known as tho "Free Church of - .England ! " If e.as'es of gross breach -of the Marriage act, haiipeu under such oirciimstancas as these,'who canAVonder ?Almma'oxjathicdoutor, a legal doctor, a tliseardedtlocbor, any otlierkiml ' of doctor ought not to be registered, and invested with aiitlioi'ity in the biiaiiiess of nmiTi.ige, dimply bueauBe he niaj' liavc boldness enough to ussort that he is really a minister of religion, within the meaning of tlie act. Wo hope, there fore, the result of this case will bo that all tluwc "irregular ami dangerous registrations will bo discontiuned, and that autlm- rity "will be restricted to those whose position as. ministers gives some guaranteo that a trade in marriage is not the object. TnEMANUVACTmM:oKiloM.VMST.s. — If .anything should teach Protestants the absurdity and dan ger of intcr-m.arriage with Ilonianists it is thi.s — "'A'hioh is the principle upon which the lloinlsh Pries are ordered to celebrate mixed marriages. A case m point lias just happened. The man is a llom.anist ; the girl a Protestant. The Pro testant girl, and her Protestant p.areiits give con- aelit that the priest shall marry the pair ; but tlic priest will not marry them unless on con dition. Ami whiit is the condition ? The girl is made to promise and agree tliat if children spriiig from the mand.ago they shall all be baptized ill the Jimnhh. Church ! This is the demand, and the dem.and is aeceded to ! There are some eases in avliieh tlio Protestant partner refuses to promise this. Then the priest reduces his demand to this, th.at the sex of the Uomisli side .sii.all he made Romanists ; and usually tliis is agreed to to settle the business. But now, what is this ? What is to be said of this inaimfactiirc of Romish babies ? The iiiconceivablo tliiug is th.at Protestants will agree to either conditions. And then think of the disgusting fact of Bachelor Priests bargaining with young girls on the eve ' of their marri.agu about their children ! And fciiiuk of girls' reducing tliemselvos to mere femules to ijrodnce children for the Romish Ohurch ! SuNJiAY FimiT-sKCLEiis. — On .a former occa- .sion we called the public attention to tlio breaeli of law in the open .and sh.ameless trafiic of cei- tain shells and stalls on the fciabbatU, and ajipcaled to the authorities to jiut the nuisance down. The law expressly forbiils the transaction of business on the Sunday, and the opening of shops. But certain kinds of shops seem to be privileged, at loiost their proprietors take the law in tlieir-owii haiid, .and do as they like. But if some are pri vileged, on what ground ? If some may open their establishments with impunity, why not 11 ? And, then, if .all were to open their shops, what about the law? We believe tba police have power enough to put a stop to tlio nuisance ; and, if they lias'o not, the Attorney- General is _bouiKl to see that steps he ' taken to put'the law iu force. B.akera, grooors, and green grocers of the sin.aller sort, do a roaring trade <ni the Sunday mornings. Then the bakei-s in the middle of the day ; and thou in the after noon tobacconists |;ind fruiterers commence their work who, with publicans, of course, make the Sunday .afteriioous and evenings tlic best and most profitable 'time of the week. Ifow and again a publican appears in the court on Mon day morning, to answer the cli.arge of somo viualons poiiceinaTi, of " Sunday selling." But if all the policemen were as ze.alous as they should he hardly one publican would escape the disagreeable exercise of a Monday visit to the police court. But if a pubiicuii is prosecuted MOW and again, why are tobacconists .allowed to escape? Wby iire fruiterers passed over? ly are men and women and boys and girls allowed to set up stalls and hawk with flaskets in public places to sell fruit ? There does not seem to he justice in this:. the reason for the difTerence,. in face of the law which prohibits traffic on the Sumhay, is not very ohvioiis. There is thisto he noticed, however, that tlie stall fruiterers, and fruit fiawkers, will bo found to he, almost without excoptiou, Irish Romanists. Their Sunday is over when they have gone to mass in early morn- iug. When they have thus cleared the past, and commenced .a new score, they are ready for spending the I'est of the Sunday in turning a penny, or in seeking pleasure. It is. tlic nature of their religion, and it is tlio example of their prieste, to set .aside the laws of God, and substi tute iu their place the laws of the church ; and, strange to say, wherever the Church of Rome has power, the Suiidaj' is reduced to the hour of Mass saying, and then the rest of the day is spent in pleasure. In Itiily, in Rome, in Spain, in France, .and in Mexico, the Romish Sunday is, after Mass, a day of husiiioss, theatre going, halls and pleasiirings. 