HOPES FOR FRANCE. "Whnt9ver may be said to the contrary, it can hardly be denied with a good grace' that <the bulk of our news from the seat of war comes'to us through Prussian sources, and benoa is strongly-tinged. We should,- there fore, accept with caution its general tenor. If we were -to believe it, four months ago the '"bitter end" was close at hand,-and the downfall 6f Paris, and consequently of France, would be but the work of;a few days. •The few days have passed itfto the great blank of oblivion, but PariB holds out in the 'face cf every discouragement. According to the telegrams of the previous mail the armies which had been raised to succour Paris, and particularly;tue army ot the JUoire, had been 1 routed, and were to be heard of 110 more. Yet, according to this mail, like the ghost of Banquo, they come again upon the scene, more terrible than before, with new generals, and fight better than ever they did. And even when we read of the Army of the Loire having been defeated after a desperate and bloody engagement of live days, we find them retreating carefully End again taking a stand, having received an addition of 50,000 men. Then we find the Prussians forced to'the last resource to call out the Landwehr, married men between 30 and 40. Does this look like the great success talked of as following the Prussian hosts ? Is there not a stop in their advance with such eZtro, that speaks ominously of a great change? France is not conquered, far from it, and she is only awaking from the stupor into which the great blow threw her. 'Prussia will indeed find she has a white ele phant -if she tries to keep possession. It is evident, even with the unreliable sources of i information, that we have, that France is arming on every side, and that experience is proving beneficial in raising an enervated people ft'oui their slothful somnolence. It is only by inference that this can be arrived at : the English •newspapers are most unsatisfac tory on this point—even the correspondence in the Times is all one-sided—all comes from the Prussian front. Looking, however, in t other journals, we see signs of a desperate resistance in the south of France, even if Paris falls. In the great city of Lyons every possible preparation for a l:ng and Babylon ian siege is being proceeded with—the ^churches and museums are being crummed ^ith provisions of all descriptions, and out works are being erected for miles around the city. At Marseilles, equal activity is mani fested, and in several other towns defensive preparations are going on. Jt is from these tosvr^ and unconquered provinces that the arroiei of Franca are replenished ; and the despente stru^trle to raise the siege of Paris eontin'ied with all the tenacity of despair. It i cannot denied that if Paris toll?, and too ■ \ \ \ ■ huge circle of Prussian forces around it are '•libera'Pfi, the provinces, gallant as they may I-be, will find matters assuming; a different casf. As'Iong as Paris holds out and retains the bulk of the Prussian forces, the provinces have every chance of making a good fight; but when these forces are liberated—if such floes take place—there will be poured tin Lyons, Marseilles, and "the towns and pro vinces, dn army of extermination that will sweep everything before it unless the French armies are able to check it early. It was the release of the army around Metz that made Paris what it is now—a besieged city. But ! for Bazaine's treachery, the war might have i areumed a very different aspect, as ten days j more would have given the Parisians inestim | able advantages, and no doubt it is this very thing that makes Paris hold out, to give every chance to the provinces, and see if it is possible to break through the Prussian lines, and Paris will hold out until there is no hope. It cannot be denied, howover, that the star of France appears to be a falling one. In the words of her own Beranger, " tier's ia n star that falls and fallp, And fades hwhv." —"Anglicus," in tha Bendigo Advertiser. The Jewels and the Hichks or FbanCe.— There are two large French paddle-wheel steamers lyingsafely moored within about one mile of Southampton pier. The names of themare the Europe atul the Emperor. Alongside these ves sels lies quietly but watchfully a British man-of war, with her portB open and her guns ominously peeping oat. These vessels contain a consider able amount of the rich and valuable property of the Parisian shopkeepers and the rich classes of France. The jewellery rind other valuables, consisting of articles of vertu, are there deposited for safety. It is reported that the Crown jewels and some of the money belonging to rich individ uals are deposited in these vesstls for'secnrity.' The vessels look particularly clean and smart, and have'been selected for this especial purpose as being the superior-in the-mercantile uavy of France. A correspondent of the Standard analyses' the " roll of honour " published by General Troohu. —" The most redoubtable warrior on the list is," he says,"' the pitiless Sergeant Ignatius Hoff, of the 107th of the line, Hoff is a hero of the stamp of those who 'figure in'Fenimore'Cooper's tales -of forest warfare, and there is something very suggestive of Indian craft ;in his mode of proceeding. He must have been born-with the gifts of a trapper, :for the story of his exploits! calls up boyish recollections of ;the arts employed by Hawkeye, Deerslayer, "Leathestocking,. and others of that ilk, to circumvent the redskins. ;He is always on the war'path, untiring as asluth-' hound, patient as a cat watching a mouse, deadly' in his spring as the panther.... I3e strikes the' trail of a Prussian as surely -as a'Mohican would that of an enemy of liis tribe, and-h'e:can' follow; up the trail to the death .with the same savage pertinacity. Neither hunger, cold, nor 'fatigue'; stop him, and no danger appals. "Hoff has been: known to dig a hole silen tly- during tlie darkness; and ensconcing'himself there like a fox in bis. covert, wait the live-long day till he got an oppor-/ tuuitv at nightfall to creep out stealthily behind, a sentry, flash a knife into his ribs, and while a horrid gurgle.in .the throat/ proclaimed another dead.man, get back or. all-iouro to his comrades, chuckling; and elated. -I only, wonder;he does! not scalp those he, kills. Lest it'might be' thought'I am exaggerating, here is tho literal translation of the official reference to Huff and his exploits-:—Killed on* the -29 th of'September, three of the .enemy's sentinels ; on the '1st of October, a'Prnssian officer.: on the'Oih in ambus-; cade' ffith fifteen men, routed a body ol infantry, and Ciivalry'; on the 13tii,-kille_d two of the enemy's hrirsemeti. 'Finally, in various individual com bats he has'killed-27 Prussians^'*!• should say, on: the whole, "Sergeant'Ignatius Hoff, provided he keeps on steadily in the~8anie course, will shortly comemp to the -definition of what Jonathan calls a ring-tuiled screamer.'" 