RANDOM NOTES BY A WANDERING REPORTER XIV THE LEGEND OF GOVETT'S LEAP. - PART III, THE arrival of the military and police upon the ground in time to prevent Govett from completing the murderous deed he had commenced, may be thus Tom Davis, who, as I have shown, was not alto- gether satisfied with regard to Govett's disappearance, was so impressed by his doubts, especially when he came to think over them quietly during the night, that as soon as day broke on the following morning, he hastened again to the scene of the supposed inci- dent to make another and a still closer examination, to clear up points of doubt which had occurred to him. No sooner had he reached the spot, than he caught sight of a stout cord come ten or twelve feet in length, which Govett had foolishly left lying on the ground, between the bush I have mentioned and the waterfall. No sooner did he see this than the whole thing became clear to him. Picking up the loose end of the cord, he found that the other end was twisted round the bottom of the small scrubby bush which grew at the edge of the precipice, and then was made fast by a half hitch round a portion of the rock, which was scaled or honey combed - the part beyond the bush having been concealed by being covered lightly by earth. So far, then, the matter was evident, but how Davis asked himself, had the man managed to keep himself out of sight for so long a time ? This, also was cleared up when Davis laid himself down, and looked over the brink of the abyss immediately below where the bush grew. About eight feet beneath this bush there was a small ledge sufficiently wide for a man of strong nerve to maintain himself upon it by the aid of some steady support from above. That support had been furnished, in the first instance, by the rope, which Govett must have fixed in position, when en- gaged at the waterhole on a previous day. But, be- sides this, there grew from the edge of the rock, a large cluster of long trailing creepers, which hung down as low as the ledge, and formed a mass of verdure, behind which Govett had no doubt managed to conceal himself from the sight of those who had examined the spot from points which brought the place fully into view. The whole thing was now explained, and with a curse at his own credulity, Tom Davis sped back to the stockade and gave the alarm. The behaviour of the blacksmith, who had waked up his mates by his groans and complaints at having been visited by what he said was Govett's ghost, soon came to Davis's ears, and further put him on the track. The bush was therefore carefully scoured first about Black- heath, and afterwards steadily onwards to Mount York, leaving no place unsearched. In this way they were assured that the fugitive was before them, and when at only a short distance from the descent of the Mount York road, the shot fired by Govett attracted their attention and caused them to hurry on in that direction, though as yet they were unaware of the fact of his being armed. The blacksmith, even with all his terror, had still had sense enough left not to let it be known that he had rid the ghost of leg irons, or supplied it with firearms. The apparently lifeless body of the Major was found by the police, and was carried by them back to the stockade, thus for a time diverting pursuit from Govett. In the course of a few days, however, a number of mounted police was scattered over the country in search of the runaway, thus showing the great interest which had been excited in high quarters to secure his capture. In spite of the hot pursuit, none of the mounted parties were able to encounter the bushranger, who however was heard of from time to time now robbing a traveller, now bailing up a station and now appear- ing at the solitary hut of some convict shepherd. Tom Davis was indefatigable in his pursuit, following the fugitive from point to point as he heard of him and when he could not hear of him getting on his track almost as if he had been possessed of the mys- terious instinct of the sleuth hound turning up at different points only some day or two behind the man he was pursuing. In this way over twelve months had gone by, and the name of Govett had become celebrated in the early annals of bushranging. But the stain ot blood was on him, and he could find no shelter even amongst the assigned servants. Every man's hand was against him, and his only safety lay in continual movement. His name and his offence were in every mouth , and there was no one of the many Govern- ment men he came across who would have hesitated a moment in capturing, if he got the opportunity, a delinquent whose arrest would have brought liberty to him who could secure it Thus Govett's escape for so long a period was something little short of a miracle. Something more, then, than twelve months after the time at which we last saw him, Govett comes again upon the scene, and in the same locality where we parted from him. He was leading his horse up the steepest part of Mount York road. It was, the same animal on which he had started, but, like his owner, the horse was very different in appearance to what he had been on that day Govett had no longer the pale corpse like look upon his face, for it was now darkened by exposure, till it was barely recognisable as that of a white man. The air of sadness and suffering which his features had formerly borne, and which to some extent ennobled them was gone, and in its place was one of truculent ruffianism, showing how rapidly he had descended the gradations of crime. His personal appearance was one of abject misery, telling plainly of the privations through which he had passed in his brief career of guilt. He wore a rough pilot cloth coat of the commonest texture, threadbare, and torn in places. This, with a shirt of coarse twill, and a pair of moleskin trousers, formed his attire. The horse looked jaded and wearied, and though it had main- tamed a considerable share of its good condition, its coat was rough and staring from coarseness of feed and scantness of grooming, whilst its drooping head and lack lustre eye, spoke of a hard and hurried journey, and of speed enforced to the limit of endurance. Arrived at the spot where the encounter with the Major had taken place, Govett halted, and looked round him with a grim smile. Folding his arms across his breast, he contemplated the locality for some minutes with savage satisfaction. Then, as he prepared to mount the few remaining yards of the ascent, he murmured, as he once more cast his eyes around, " Yes, even though I fail in this attempt, my vengeance has been secured. I have paid back some part of the debt I owed, and now it is liberty or death - yes, death - for never will Dick Govett be taken alive. Taken ! psha ! they will never dream of my doubling back on them in this mariner ! " When he reached the crest of the range he threw the bridle over the horse's neck, and keeping it from hanging down and catching in the horse s feet by drawing it through the stirrup irons, he allowed the animal to go at large and to crop the rough grass that grew sparsley on the hill top. Then he drew forth his pipe and tinder-box, struck a light, and, stretching himself upon the ground, in a few minutes was plunged into smoke and reverie. Nearly half-an-hour had elapsed; the pipe had gone out, and still Govett's reverie continued, or he had fallen asleep. Suddenly the horse raised its head, and stood at gaze towards the road as though its attention had been attracted by some sound as yet unheard by its master. The bushranger still remained plunged in thought or overcome with fatigue, and noted not the movement of the noble steed. Thus it remained until as it were assured that its sense of hearing had not deceived it, the animal gave a loud whinney, and trotted smartly towards its master. In an instant Govett was on his feet, and with the air of a wild beast startled from his lair, looked round with savage alarm. He was only just in time, for there just on the crest of the road, and barely a hundred yards away, was Tom Davis and another man in the uniform of the mounted police, both leading their horses. The whinney of the horse had drawn their attention to Govett, at the same moment as it had given the alarm to the bushranger. Quick as thought Govett disengaged his bridle from the stirrup iron, and sprang into the saddle, whilst Davis, too anxious to make his capture, let go the bridle by which he was leading his animal, and ran towards Govett, drawing a pistol from his belt as he ran. Presenting this at Govett, as he approached at his best speed, he cried, ''You are my prisoner, Dick Govett; surrender or I fire ! " " Not yet your prisoner," returned Govett with a fierce laugh, as his horse sprang off with him. " You'll have a longer road yet to go before you cap- ture Govett! Ha! ha!" "Dead or alive, I must have you!" shouted Davis, as he levelled his pistol and fired. The aim had been too hurried and the distance too long, and the bushranger sped away unharmed, his scornful laugh echoing through the trees as he went. In the meantime, the trooper, less hasty than Davis, had mounted his horse instead of casting him loose, and now dashed off in pursuit of the bush- ranger - Davis calling out to him, "Stick to him, Bill ; I'll follow the road and cut him off! " The constable, without for a moment checking his speed, made a sign of acquiescence. Without wast- ing further time, Davis turned back to his horse, mounted him, and, leaving his comrade to follow the bushranger, pushed forward on the road until he reached the Blackheath stockade, where he gave the alarm. Such soldiers and constables as could be spared were at once hurried out, and, at the sugges- tion of Davis, they were distributed in such a manner as to form a cordon across the comparatively narrow ridge, not more than two miles wide, which is here bounded on either side by precipitous walls of rock, down which there is no descent. Having given the necessary-directions for cutting off the fugitive, Davis rode off into the bush, in the direction towards which he believed the chase had taken. He had not gone a mile from the stockade when he heard a shot tired, at no very great distance. Putting his horse to his utmost speed, he carne across a riderless horse, that of his late companion. With a coarse imprecation upon Govett's good luck, he still pushed on in the direction whence the horse had come, and in a few score yards came across his companion lying wounded on the ground. "Where is he?" asked Davis, with scant ceremony, and utterly reckless of the other's agony. The wounded man pointed towards a low ridge to the right of where they were. "Which direction is he heading?" demanded Davis. Again the wounded man, too weak to speak, pointed towards the direction of the waterfall. "Then this time I have him, and he can't escape me!" exclaimed Davis, in triumph, as he gal- loped off. The poor wounded wretch who had expected assistance, made a feeble effort to raise himself and appeal to the compassion of his comrade. A stifled cry of " Help '" alone came from his lips, and he fell back senseless. Riding forward in such a way as to cut off Govett's retreat towards the Mount, and to drive him forwards on to the ambush prepared for him, Davis came in sight of the bushranger just as he was descending the ridge, which falls into the creek, forming the famous waterfall. Govett had taken this track, almost skirting the edge of the precipice, for the purpose of avoiding the guard and the men of the stockade, having evidently satisfied himself that none of the gang were now working about the old spot. As soon as he caught the sound of Davis's horse, that of the bushranger, which was previously going at a smart canter, stretched out into a gallop. Davis, seeing this, plied his spurs vigorously in order to maintain the ground he had already gained. In this way they swept down the slope, and arrived at the creek. No sooner, however, had Govett crossed it, and got into comparatively open ground, - open from the number of trees which had here been felled for various purposes, than a couple of shots from the bush in front, whistled past his ears , whilst the cries which arose from that quarter, warned him of danger in that direction. Pulling his horse sharp up, he took a leisurely survey ol the ground, then, as if his mind was made up, he drew a pistol, cocked it and turned towards Davis. He ground his teeth with rage as he saw three mounted troopers galloping up to Davis's assistance "No matter," he muttered, " I have met greater odds than this ! " Several shots whizzed past him as he spoke, and raised his pistol to cover Davis. One of these struck the elbow of his right arm, shatter- ing the bone, and causing him to let the weapon fall. With a fierce growl of defiance, Govett stood for a moment at bay. He saw that he was being hemmed in on all sides, and now, maimed and disabled, re- sistance was useless. " Surrender, Dick Govett, you are my prisoner! " cried Davis. A wild scornful laugh was the only answer to this challenge, and the air of ferocious determination which sat upon the features of the bushranger was sufficient, unarmed as he was, to deter Davis from approaching. "Theres no get away," called out Davis as the other men came up "You are surrounded - Close on him, men! - You must be taken. " "Must!" laughed out the bushranger, in fierce irony, "Ha! ha! Follow them, and take me." And so saying he plunged his spurs madly into the horse's sides, and gallopped furiously towards the very spot where only a few months before he had effected his escape in so daring a manner. At full speed he reached the edge of the precipice, and only when there did the noble animal see the danger which was before it. For an instant it endeavoured to check itself, but the effort carne too late. The impetus of the gallop was too great to be overcome, and as if con- scious of this, and scorning to struggle against the in- evitable, the gallant horse made a bound out from the rock, and horse and rider plunged into the abyss below. Neither man nor horse was ever seen again, but the eaglehawks and crows which hung about the spot for some days afterwards, told a tale which required no comment. Davis would fain have assured himself even now of Govett s death, but no means of reaching the valley could be found, and even to this day it remains untrodden by human foot. Some day when access to it is obtained, some vestige of the bushranger or of his horse may probably be discovered by the hardy explorer. The chances are, however, that with the lapse of years, not even a few bleached bones re- main as last sad relics of this tale of treachery and crime. And now let me say that I tell you the tale as 'twas told to me, though I cannot in honesty add, " I know not how true the tale may be, for I am bound to own that I do know the rights of it. The above is the yarn current amongst teamsters, stock- men, shepherds, and the like. These men have a spice of romance in their composition, and would people the whole bush with legends if then tales were listened to. But, alas ! the facts of the case are much more prosaic than the exciting story. I have recounted Govett's Leap was named, not after a bushranger, but after Mr. William Govett a very clever surveyor, who was specially employ ed by Sir Thomas Mitchell on account of his skill, upon the most difficult portions of the Blue Mountain Road. In one of his trial sur- veys he discovered the magnificent waterfall now known by his name, and Sir Thomas Mitchell, as some recognition of Mr Govett's ability and perse- verance, charted it permanently as " Govett's Leap " Shall I confess that I knew this before I penned my legend? Well, it was even so , and the plain matter of fact truth was kept back, in order that your readers might better enjoy the fiction. 