M^mf,^(mt%$x. Tip THREE PINKS: A TALE OF MYSTERY. ?_ . ? - To me it seems that the pinks have never blossomed so beautifully as this year since the time I came, a poor jour neyman, to this town, 50 years ago. Perhaps it is a summons from Felix, to .prepare for my long -journey $ so I will wait no longer to write down all t know about a strange occurrence that took place under my own eyes, and it is well worth knowing. It was just such a calm, peaceful evening as this when I entered the city and looked around for the ' Dragon's Head,' the sign of Master Wehringer, the goldsmith, to whom my master at Frankfort had given me a letter of recommendation. In the door of the shop bearing the sign, leaned a young man, who said to me laughingly : — 'Well, my good fellow, what's the matter ? It isn't supper-time yet.' He said that because I held my mouth wide open, and was staring at him with all my might. I had never seen bo handsome a young fellow in all 'my days. Then I told him liow anxious I was to work in the shop of the celebrated Master Wehringer, amd showed him my letter, whereupon he said, soberly, '-* It is not an easy- matter to get into my father's shop. He is in the garden, there 9 go, and try your luck.' The master seemed to love ; flowers as dearly, as I did ; but he had not many pleasant words, for me. For days he .tried my skill and patience with all sorts of diffi cult trial-pieces ; but I learned a great deal more there during my stay than I could have learned under a less severe master. For Master Wehringer. was cele brated .far and wide, and his son Felix hardly less so ; indeed, I thought that in drawing and designing he rather excelled the old master,, but he had not the patience and perseverance for executing the work. We led a quiet life in the old, house. Besides Felix there were three journey men, of whom one, Gotthard, was fifty ;years old, and had been a long while with the master. Then there were two ^apprentice boys, and an old servant girl in the kitchen ; and the charge of the ^household was in the hands of Fides, an ?orphan from her early childhood, raised iin -the house, and niece to the master. 'HSie master's wife had died some years ago. Fides discharged her household duties to the satisfaction of every one-^ -even Master Wehringer was pleased ; and, truly, a more lovely and loveable specimen of a genuine burgher's child could not well be found among the fussy, fashionably 'dressed dolls I see' nowa days. Many a one had gazed too deep down into her merry blue eyes, but^he seemed to have eyes for only one , per son in the world, Felix, to whom .she, was to be married when she reached her twentieth birthday. ' Almost a year from now,' old Gotthard said; 'I wonder why the master does not let them make the wedding now, instead of put ting it off so long. I should not, if I were :in his place ; but Master Wehringer has :a head of his own.' 'Now,. that: is 'curious,' said I. 'I never should' have ^suspected that Felix 'stood in such rela tionship to her, though Fides does not :seem to guard her liking him so much as ?a, secret.' Gotthard shook his head, and walked away ;. I looked after him medi tatingly. Did he mean to say Felix did 3iot love the girl well enough to marry 2ier ? Possible. Or, perhaps he loved some one «lse better — perhaps a girl be llow his own station in life ; such things feave been, and will be again. 1 cast about in my own mind what the mystery ?could be, but no one acted less like a -man surging a secret or unhappy love ihan Felix ; he was good natured and light-hearted always, and never so happy as when he could carry out some prac tical joke. It was hard to believe that he could have made a secret of anything ; but it was no business of mine, sol at tended to my tasks, and enjoyed my life as best I could. I have already intimated that it was with difficulty I obtained a place with the master at all, my services ''?were really not needed, and the rooms in which the journeymen and apprentices : slept were all occupied, so that a little : room was given me in the main building, next to Felix's. Many a ; leisure hour, imorning and evening, Felix and I spent ttogether, laughing, talking, and concoct ang plans for some fresh mischief, some mew prank. Such meetings always took iplace in my room, for there was little space in Felix's room; which was always in a state of wretched confusion, and shameful 'disorder. This was a pity, for the room was pleasant enough ; the morning sun greeted it with its earliest rays, and from the window could be seen the garden of a grand house in another street, which garden was filled with large, handsome trees, and beautiful flowers of native arid foreign growth. I ?could have looked at all these splendid things by the hour ; but Felix did not : seem to care about them at all ; indeed, '. ha did not even appear to relish my look ing at them. ' The neighbors over there : are very haughty people,' he said on one ' occasion, in an unusual cross tone, ' and . have complained to goodness knows whom : about this window. It did not do them :any good, to be sure ; still, these people :are among our best customers, and we -want to avoid giving them offence.' IAjoA Gotthard told me that for some time T-ast the widowed Lady Beatrice had Mved there ; she lived in a grand style, Jhe said, and lavished large, sums on jewellery and silver ; that was all he knew of her and her doings. I have already told what a frightful state Felix's room was in ; of ornaments and nick nacks there was nothing to be seen there, so I was all the more surprised to find constantly, on a small table by the win dow, an antique goblet of magnificent cut glass, holding a bunch of dark red pinks, which filled the room with their delicious odour. I had noticed these the first time I ever set foot in his room early in the month of June, when these flowers are rare, except where they are forced in hot loiises ; I found them through the month of July, when they blossom anywhere, and they were there late in August, when -they are hardly to be seen any more. *33iey were always fresh, and always of the 1 kuad^which blosa&m; ^|y.tet9_iit Tny garden ; tilT'tHen~ I had never seen this color — a deep, glowing crimson, : to 1t-e' compared only to the heart's blood; and this I had said to Felix when I first saw them. He smiled gaily, nodded his head, and said : ' You ate right, Hans ; they are like the heart's blood, and just as dear to me. I know of nothing better than this flower— this tiolor — this fra grance.' And he looked at them with ,a look so loving that I was surprised to find it in his eyes, and he bent down over the flowers *o low— so low that I thought he must kiss them. At another time I asked where he got the flowers, and 'how he kept them always fresh ; and he said that a gardener, living not far fromtown — -a. friend of his — always kept them for him, and he brought them -from there in bis morning walk. Though lie spoke all this in his usual half careless, half pleasant manner, I thought -my questions annoyed him, so I ? asked no more; nor should I liave asked at all, had I not been so inordinately fond, of flowers myself. Perhaps I should never have heeded these again but for . an occurrence, . one morning, that seemed to throw a new light on some things, and. made me feel uncomfor-* table, enough. ; I had been .sent upstairs for something in my roomj and was told to step also into Felix's, and bring from there a design he had made of a very ele gant goblet, ordered by the Lady Beatrice. As I stepped into his room, and looked about for the drawing, by the merest ac cident I came closer to the window, and, looking up, saw at the window of the grand house across the garden, a tall, dark, dressed female figure^ leaning far out* and holding to her face a bunch of flowers. It was not very near to me, but my eyes are of the sharpest, and [ could see distinctly that she was looking at Felix's window^— perhapB at me, where I stood . half concealed, by the shadow of the curtain; and. the flowers in her hand : were of the same kind as those standing in the glass by Wie window. What other flower could shbw the same deep, 'flaming red 1 ' With a chilly sensation, I dreW back; feeling as though I had seen something that was very sad and very wrong ; and I must have shown this in my face when I re entered the shop, for Felix' said :? — *? God keep us, Hans, have you seen a ghost V I shook my head, and laughed ; but some time after, when I was again in his room, I said, casually, that those pinks were not so rare after all, for: I had seen ja cluster of them in the hands of a woman' belonging to yonder house. Af terhastily glancing up at me, when I first, began speaking, he stooped over his drawing again, saying carelessly, ' I thought you had see a ghost, or had had a vision ; leastwise J have never seen anything like that over there. Besides,- my gardener gives no one any of my pinks.' , , : ' He got lip directly after, pushed back his drawing, and left the room with me ; and though, he kept his room locked after this, I had another startling encounter a few days later. With a half-finished piece of work, Master Wehringer sent me to the Lady Beatrice, as. he had no time himself to go, and Felix was not at home. I was taken to her. cabinet, and directly she stepped in from the next apartment ; a slender, proud figure, in black dress, with strangely beautiful face, and large dark eyes. She walked lightly and swiftly, as we approach a dear friend who has just come to surprise us; but when she saw me, she stopped abruptly, and regarded me with a haughty, searching look. ' ; Her voice was cold and proud when she asked me, '* What do you want— ^who are you,= — why does not the master come himself ?' And though her voice grew milder during our consultation on the piece of jewellery I was carrying, it was far from pleasant, and I left her at the earliest possible moment. Just as I turned to close the door of the room behind me, I saw, on a little table by the window, a magnificent antique goblet of- cut-glass, and in'it a bouquet of blood red pinks' ! Then, again, on a Sunday morning I saw the Lady Beatrice going to mass, and in heriiand was the breviary and a cluster of dark red pinks. By the door of the Catholic Church stood Felix, the Protes tant, and he too had a pink fastened in his button-hole. As the lady passed close by him, her eyes met his with a deep meaning look ; and a. flower fell from her hand, which Felixpickedlrom the ground. When I met him a little later, there were two pinks in his button-hole, and his face was radiant as the sky on a clear spring day. That is all. And though I did-; not comprehend ' it all at that time, I could well understand that tw.o such be ings should be fond of each 'other, for handsomer people than these two could not be found anywhere. Fides, how ever, would have lost nbthihg'by a ' com parison with the lady, for there was affection in her eye, and gentleness7 and truth spoke from every feature of lier face; while the eye and bearing of Lady Beatrice spoke of pride and self consciousness, in spite of -all her grace and beauty. Her affability was conde scension ; and for such people I have all proper respect, but no love. But lovely as blue-eyed Fides was, Felix took no more interest in her than a brother might have done ; and a stranger coming into the family would never have thought that the two were soon to be husband and wife. Even Master Wehringer was one night betrayed into saying, 'I should like to know from whom Felix has in herited his fish-blood.' But that could not alter matters, and the person most concerned, Fides,, went her way quietly, apparently unconscious that things were not as they should be ; although I thought, .after a time, that her eye was less bright than it used to be, and her cheek less round. That she had ever, been a romping, laughing girl, as Gotthard described her to have been in former days, I could hardly believe, though she never hesitated to enter into joke and laughter ever now. Felix, as I said before, took no notice of her ; 'but the old master had either made good use of his own eyes, or else been roused up bv some one to take notice of the true state of affairs. He was naturally gifted with good sense and keen eyes, and after a day or two he was master of the situa tion, and grasped the lines with a firm hand. He spoke sharper and shorter than ever ; his. looks darted from one to the other. And one morning, as X passed it ^r a. ????? -~ ? .*-?:?.? - * ;- -througlrthe rhotisft, -on my way up stairs, 'I heard FiaeS*T;rembling voice; and-ike anxious frightened words : *' Eorthelotre of heaven, father — -you must not do so. What if he has no heart for me ,?'-' -{ Nonsense— heart !' I could hear the master's grbwling voice ; *l honestyand decency'— but that was all I heard, for I 'am not given to listening, and hurried by the door as quickly as possible. What was going on was easily to be guessed ; and I knew what it meant when the master called Felix out of the shop soon sifter. Felix Beemed to have some curiosity to know what Ms father wanted ; but I had none at all. Ail remained quiet ; and the old master returned after awhile, but not Felix. Nor did he make his appearance at the dinner table, though Fides was in her usual place, pale and still, and her eyes red from crying. After dinner I went back into. 4ihe shop : I was at wort on a piece of jewellery in which I took great' interest, and would- hurry away: from my meals to get back to my work. Prettv soon ; Felix camera, looked about himj 'arid said, softly, ' Hans, I believe you to be my true friend. Father is sending me to Amsterdam to buy up gems, and'^— he laughed bitterly — *?to come to my senses during the three weeks. It came So' suddenly that I'cbuld make no preparations, and in an hour I must leave. Then I want you to go to my room, and draw in whatever you see hanging from- my window ; close to the. window, and let no one see what you are doing. Will you promise V ' I will do it/' said I, though -I thought it rather a ticklish affair. ' And then,' he con tinued, as a- bright color' shot over his pale face, and he hesitated often as he spoke—- '?-'and then, when that jewel lery for^ Lady Beatrice is ^finished, do you 'try *and ' carry it to 'her your-: self j and- let her know that I ant gone, and' for ' how ? long. It will be :easy for ydu to tell her that — she will be sure to ask for me, as I always carry- the. work there myself. You see there; is some one in that house of whom I think a great deal ; I can send no message, but through the lady it will be made known. Be faithful. ' He closed abruptly as steps approached. ' Adieu'^ arid he wa§ gone. When t heard him rid© away I went up stairs, drew in his old tramping dress and knapsack from the window and closed it; but the rest of his charge 1 could not carry into effect, for old Gotthard. carried the jewellery to Lady. Beatrice, when it was finished. X had' a suspicion that the old master might not trust me, and my suspicion was soon confirmed ; for he 'called me to him in the garden one day, and commenced catechising me. - ' Ton have always been treated .well, and I. have always been satisfied with you ; but I am master in my own house, and want to know every.- ' thing that goes on, when it concerns the welfare of those belonging to me. You know of Felix's stubborn behavior. There must be a reason for it, and I want you to tell me of.it, for you have always been his bosom friend, and I want to know these things for his own gpoi.' He spoke seriously and : earnestly, .arid I thought it waa not wrong to tell him . of the .pinks, of the woman at the window, and of the meeting at the ;church door; but of Felix's. lasjb . charge . I told him nothing-r-it would '.'. have ' seemed like treachery. The master listened with a wrinkled brow. 'Very well; I had thought as much myself, arid told him of it too.' *' . Time passed on : I heard no more, and Felix at last came home again. Either the journey and the satisfactory business results .had brightened him up, or his. good sense and good genius had. returned to him ; for he exhibited such energy and such perseverance as he had never.. shown, before, and. his affections seemed suddenly all led back to Fides. From the first day he turned to Fides as never before, and if .there was not much of devotion to be found in his attentions' to her, there was all the more gaiety, and' archness, and gallantry in his manner- ; and he soon commenced saying that in la year from now he would already be an old married man. No word was ever breathed of the past ; the goblet was gone from the window, the curtains drawk down and never moved back — and pirik-s were no longer in bloBSom. We might all have had our curiosity to know how it had come about; but we were glad that there was once more peace arid happiness in the house. One day towards the close of February, we were all in the shop', and Felix was talking to this one and that, whistling to the birds at the win dow out in the garden, and speaking df the snowdrops already peeping out from under the snow. Spring was coming early this year, he said; and he sang snatches of Bong in sheer joyousness, and flung a merry couplet at Fides, who had put her head in at the door for a moment. The shop was light and bright with his presence, and we had all fallen into h|s humor— only the old. master was absent. Pretty soori the door was opened, and a smart lady's maid, in flounces arid, curls, stepped, trip pingly in. She had been sent to Master Wehringer with a greeting from the Honorable Alderman Rpthenstein, to enquire if the work for her master was finished ; he wanted it sent home. ' Are you Master Wehringer?' she asked of Felix, archly. 'No, my child,' here-' turned, pleasantly ; .'* but I know enough; of my father's business to tell you that we have no work on hand for the Horior al-le Alderman Rothenstein.' ' Why,?- she exclaimed, apparently quite flurried, and stepping close up to Felix, 'is not this Master Wehringer's shop V1 ' There is another Master Wehringer by the market,' replied Felix; 'but he is a cabinetmaker.' ' I was told nothing of his trade,' she laughed ; ' so that must be the man.' And away she tripped. I could not follow her with my eyes as the others did ; my eyes were fixed on a blood-red pink that lay where she had been standing, close behind Felix. A cold shudder ran through me, and I could with difficulty steady my voice sufficiently to say, ' Turn round, Felix ; see what is lying behind you.' He half turned in his peat, and I shall never for get how his face changed 'at sight of the flower. That a living being could look so deathly pale, so like a whitewashed wall, I had never before believed, and have qever seen since ; but he darted a quick look- at me, and hid -the flower in his ? ?bosom; — it-was-the-work-of-a- single mo» ment.5 .the others saw nothing of it, and Felix ; went out .soon after, muttering something. like:ian. excuse for going.- -But he did not come .-back, and; when 'the master came home -and called for him, he was not to be found ;,imght came, and he did not return, r morning came, and he had not returned. Day after day passed, weeks went and weeks came, but Felix came not, and imJ one ? knew- whither he had. gone; ? I had- told ithe master about the flower the very next day ; but all the enquiries set on foot only made things: look idarketf. The Eothenstein family had no such girl ift their employ as the one described torthem, and though Gott-; hard and JDhunfced .through churches* fairs, arid .dancing-i-HSe.s,' not a. trace of her could we find. ^The.Lady Beatrice had gone to one Of her domains in Franconia early in January,: we learned ; but when Master Wehringer, sent a trusty person there to.reconnoitre.,/no; signs ofjFelixV presence could rbe~ discovered there. |tt was a sad, sad tim^ Neither master nor old. Gotthard ever spoke a word, and Fides ; was -passing away like the days — it Was easy to tell when the end would come. In Junfcii.the; master died sudr denly. . Old Gotthard ;closed the shop, 'and , I wandered : away in search of work nearer my native, town. Towards the close of August I' left Stuttgart, and travelled .ill slo^r.. days' marches, knap aack on shoulder,, .towards -. Esslingen. : I had, not .hastened. myself: in passing through the lovely; country, so that the sun was -just -.throwing its last rays on.ifce gilded tips of ; the -jhurch steeples as I crossed- the bridge, over the moat surrounding the : city* Out of the «ity ? gate there was a man coming toward me- and J. dropped my stick when I saw himj and' called; put, *'Eord of my life* Felix: !' f'Who; calls me V. foe said, stopping short and looking at me. ' Wh,at 1 Hans Hanber !' His eyes grew milder and his voice pleasanter, but I could see through it all, that his face was pale .and his features wasted, as (though from reckless living, and he had grown; years older during thie few months I hadlnot seen him. ' Wher« are you coming from f he asked, and his voice was -so cold again that I grew angry with him, ^s I thought of all the pain and anxiety he had bo ruthlessly, inflicted on those he had deserted ; and I answered just as coldly, -«' From Stuttgart.' ' An^ why did you leave your place ?' he asked again.' 'The inaster was dead^^the son gone ; so Gotthard closed the shop till better times.' = -(tHe did weU,' he^ said gloomily. -{ And Fides?' :' Dead too, by this time; at least there' was- not much life left.': He looked at me silently j -awhile,v then turned away,' and'said-^'yliet us gotomej Hans;' I live near here.'' ?'*' [That's Bio busines's of mine,' I replied harsblyj 'iet me go my own way— I cad find it without as sistance from you.' ?** Don't be stubborn wittl me,',he persisted;grasping myarm ; ' surely you are riot one of those who judge and condemn 'from appearance's only.- Or do you think I left father arid' beiirbthed, home; and.Teputation/ of my own free will and pleasure ?'???- Something in hisTpicb and' face touched me, and rturrie'dto follow' him' into : tjie citygate- arid- into a hquse, where he took me into a pleasant-looking room upstairs. On-the window sill stood a flower-pot, ariji in it grew a bunch of pinks, bearing spine ten or twelve beautiful dark red flowers.-: 'Take .your 'ease - here'r- he ;: said'; ' we cari get wine and. ^something to eat from the restaurant 'down stairs. ' Then he stepped ' td; the window, and -spoke nothing more till I said something about finding- a place to stay for- the night. ' Noriserise lv he said peremptorily ; 'you «tay here.' ' So I stayed. At lastj when we were seated at the table, the wine be fore us, he wanted me; to tell him. about horiie ; and when :I' spoke of his father's grief for him, arid Ms sudden death', he: cast- his eyes to_ the !grpurid, but not before T had caught sight of a tear gathering there. Speaking of Fides- and of all the sorrow he 'tad . caused, my voice had grown* harsh again,' and I made no secret of riiy hard thougni$ about him. He only looked at me, stepped up to the bush of pinks in the window, arid said gloorinly, -f Past is past : may they rest in peace!' ' After you have stolen all peace . from them,' said' I, 'fhe wish is cheap.' He grimed slowly f from the window, arid sat down opposite to me; then he spoke with an absent, meditating air — 'You speak of things just as you un derstand them. Bui I do not blame you ; I would; judge just -, so of anothpr— or should have ..done eb formerLy. 1 ean speak freely now— there is no occasion for secrecy any. longer. I cannot account' for it, but from my earliest cMidhood I have always. Jbiad a singular passion for the dark red pinks. Qnjy for this flower, just this color ), arid as iong as j can think back, I have always had them about me, and have never felt so .happy .as when inr haling their fragrance. 'I have never met with anything .similar - in „ oiiier people, and have always kept this passion hidden for fear of ridieule. You know I am neither an enthusiast nor a dreamer, but I never could, conquer this feeling. Two years ago my father first sent ine to the Baroness Beatrice with an article of jewellery we were making for' her; and the first thing I noti^4 iri her room was the fragrance of pinks ; and jbhe first thing I saw, after a look, at the lady, was a goblet liolding a bouquet of pinks— the same dark red ones I had at home. Was not ;that strange ,? She could not know anything about me or my pinks, for she had only lived iri the city then a week or two ; so you may think that I was surprised. She jiriust have seen the start I gaye, for *he, asked, * Well, what is. the matter?' '^The, pinks there,' I said confusedly, 'are just as though they came from rijy room.. I hardly eyer saw them in other places, and it is the only flower I have ever loved — just this color —always, from my earliest youth.' cAh!' she made answer, smilingly, ' that is very strange, fqr_with -vie it is just sOi Well, my friend, I suppose it means that we are- suited to each other, since our feel ings are the same. I am glad of that, and hope we shall always be pleased with each other.' ' From that time Fides lost her place in my heart — Beatrice left no room in it for any other being; and I have loved her, friend, above all measure— above all there? is'-on earth -or-in heaven'. And ahe — yes, she— loved -Tney~'1;hoTi;gh ^ou Would? hardly beUe've tow ITtfle she gaver in return for my T devotion ;' my lips hav;e never touched hers — seldom her fingers ; a kind word, a cheering Smile, some times a.pressure pf the hand/ was all my heart existed on, and I had not even the certainty ,.that it would ever ?. be other wise. My love, and constancycould be of no avail'to her ; still,, she did rnot, want to let me free^ but would seek to bind me closer by all sorts of fantastical threats and warnings. . She said to me, c Be faithful to 'the; end, and your life shall be made full, and rich, and 'happy ; I will be youjra before the world, as my heart belongs to you ahieady. But. do not try to sever the bond that binds you to me ;. it would be your death. For in the same hour I will send you a monition of ,tp-day— a blood-red pink — a token tiiat . our hearts' blood flows together,; when you find it hasten to me,, that we. may become' one.. Should you tarry or resist,' we. die of each other ; and when you! receive three flowers from me, it is the. sign of ypiir death,, and Irwill call you away at this hour ^— arid she pointed to the clock, which struck eleven. That, my friend, will be my dying. k-vir^ 'You know,' he continued in a little while, 'that my father learned of my- disinclina tion to marry Fides. What he sa!4 in regard to that left ine untouched, but he said something about Beatrice that struck me to the heart. ' Ijiad believed hier.to be the purest; of .the . pure ; I was to see her. in a different lightv for though I would not believe what my father said, I found. proof of thp accusation he had made while on my way to Amsterdam ; and only. to me had Lady Beatrice kept ori the mask. That was enough ; and I though X;had' dpne- with her.'.. When I entered the; office of our . business asso ciate in Ainster'dain, th(ere was lying on the deskbesidehim a dark red pink. It was soon explained 'that the flower came from his own. hot-house, for his gardener de lighted to bring flowers to blossom in all seasons ; nevertheless, a shock . went through me wlieri he laughingly fas,tened the flower in'rmy! button hole. Had I not just broken Lady Beatrice's shackles ? Arid here was her warning ! .But Jwhat I had' learned Ji&dL; broken every tie-nno path could lead ine back to her. So I re tiirned home, and 'tried with all my might to banish her from; my life and thoughts ; but itjwas nbt^possible. Towards the close, of Janllary she went away ; and from' that tiriie^-it was useless to struggle longer— my thoughts would go.out to her, and follow her, dpJ what I might. I no longer loved her-^I hated, her;. but I Wanted to cast her frpm 'my heart alto gether— she should have no plapp there, beside Fides. 'When she sent .me that flower to my father's shop, I knew that I was riot free frorii her in spirit ;' so I fled froin home, from all I loved, to find a hiding place, where I could. live out iny doomed life without drawing. Others to destruction ' with me. I have been here and there since :then, and everywhere toying to forget, arid to hide myself. I have' heard nothing front her; but she' -^he shook his hea'd — ' she knows, of me. I Wheri I had lived here about a week, I came home one evening and found that pirifc-bush, ?:1with just orie dark red pink blossoming 6ri it, in the Window. My. landlady, a most inestimable woman, told ' me the next inorninjg' hp-to she had bought thp pirik-bush fpr nte,okribwing 6finyJ love for th^se flowers. But how did she know it, Hans ? . I iad never toldher of it ; and it is very queer that this particular kind of flower should be brought arid offered for sal^ to the woman in this house; Be it as it inay— I am waiting for Beatrice's last summons now ; and it will be welcome, for I am tired of life.' For my part, I did riot know whether to laugh, to cry, or to be angry: Most of all, I wanted to cry over the man whose life,, and youth, and strength were going to ruin because of a phantom. I went from him no more ; but found a place in the same shop, and tried to guard him as much as possible ; but he was morose arid Stubborn, drank and played, and led a reckless life. It was September ; the pink in the window bore no more blossoms,' and Felix, looking gloomily at it one day, said, half, sadly, ' The^ end has come, Haris ; flowers and life— both gone.' 'Do you feel sick?' I asked, looking into his pale face. *' No,' he answered, curtly; 'let us go arid get some wine.' Early the next Sunday mornirig he called me out of bed, to take a stroll with him to a little village in the hills, called Bothenberg, on the heights above which are the ruins of the anr cestral castle of Wurtemberg. It was alright autumnal day ; the sun seemed to smile gladness into our hearts, and we walked briskly along, till we reached the walls of the ; first vineyard on the hill side. Suddenly we both started back. There, on the stony road before us, lay a dark red pink. Felix looked at me, and picked, up the. flower. 'Who can have lost it?' I asked.. Felix made no answer; but after we. had walked perhaps 20 steps farther, there lay another flower on the road, and then another. ' That makes it right,' saidr he, picking up the last one ; ' the sign is good. I have never found anything moire; beauti ful : nothing has ever been dearer to me than these flowers.' We went no farther; but turned and went home. Then lie spoke to me freely about what I was to do after his death ; and the physician I called could not help, him, and he never left his bed the next morning. ' She calls me,' he said ; and when the clock struck 11, he died. I planted the pinks from his window on his grave, and then Jeft the town. Of the Lady Beatrice I never heard again. . What is she to me ? But in memory of Felix I nourish and cherish three dark red pinks tq this day. — -The Young Eiiglishiwmhn. 