ATHLETIC SPORTS. OUR IMPORTED PEDS: THEIR WATS AND WANDEBINGS. Br Olyhhjs. (No. 5.) THE MATCH. That extraordinary trial of Harras's brought home to oar family tea-party gave as dismay and affliction. The dismay com menced with the colonial's time at his final trial of 150 yards in 14 seconds, knowing as we did that oar Catitt had not smelt "sich" fleetness, checked as we had it by the watch which stoppeth. The affliction lasted daring the journey to the city, for had we not often in those evenings of travail and anguish burst into songs of a chorus nature—songs which woke np the echoes of Alphingion, and brought the rude villagers into the glare pf their opening doorways. But that last grim night of preparation grew hideous ere we got through it. Vulgar dogs yelped after our ve hicle, the horses shied at6imiles, the air seemed heavy surd wearisome, weird figures crossed our track at the Asylum gates, and we tried a song. Chester's harp seemed jammed in a very shy willow, and that of the writer's hung in the same old tree ; our voices cadenced away into a wail, and we."spake no more" until we unharnessed under the roof of the gentle Goyder. Reader, follow me to the Cafe, for the nags have drooped into their stalls, and it is the "night before the battle." Thickly-packed crowds choke Bourke- street in the entrance porch of the Vestibule, and the burden of the song savours not of theatrical lore, for nothing is distinguishable save "Cutitt* Cutilt, and Hams, Hurras 1" As we join in ihe struggle for entrance, bookmakers in threes asSail uS with, "Will you have one more pony on our Jack, just the last?" and 1' I'll lay anything to 5(H) Harras wins the first three." "If yon fancy your man, and he's agood un," shouts the umpire for Harras, 11 the native licks him for a hundred or five." Ihe dulcet notes from the Thompsoniau throat crack in intensity in his offers of "anything on the red- headed an." The venerable father of Harras chimes in with !' I've one fifty more, gents, to pnt on my lad." Through this seething mass of Har rasites we cheerfully, hopefully, and silently press, for oar books are likeonr hearts—full, too full for utterance. Upstairs, the coffee can is silent, and amoketh not, brandy and soda being the chief solace of the hip smitten proprietors, who wade through tooments of kind advices whispered by Harras looking like it, i "Alone we stood and friendless," and my tongue did not feel twice its ordinary sue, neither did I keep on swallowing nothings, for I thought of Daybook's last benediction, given me in the dark au hour before, " They're not in it; Sir." Pegley and Fowl's appearance on the scene sent Qarraa back two points in ten minutes, for tbe boys popt on "t'other fiver." which the perspiiiug"-Fowl bad intended for "fey ther bit next m&iL;" We plied again tue inspiriting metallic. We threw off all reserve, and placed pounds of flesh upon our boys on that eventful eve. Fowl's hints at " t' lads going that neet" brought a loving crowd to his feet, bank directors and merchants hung upon bis Sheffield accents, yet did he uncloak his greatness to much wine and ale—yea, verily, and drops of fatness stood on his pedestrian mug; but alas! for his wipe, for the wipist was then soothing the thousand-pound slumbers of the champion runner of the world! From that evening's turmoil of pedestrian biewing we skimmed the yeast of our next day'8 leavening, but I think of it now with wonder how the thousands were leavened with us. Books were filled to bursting that evening, and we parted with the consoling reflection of knowing that friends and foes might "break" together and heap their anathemas upon our proprietary heads. I think some of those ghosts which glared, raced, and sprinted around my unhappy pillow that night, doubled like Richard's, and stirred up the rest of the concern, for never were more mirth-killing proprietors together than the showmen assembled on the eventful morn of the match. •« The bud will not he seen to-day: The eky doth frown and lower upon our army." pretty well depicteth the meeting of wipists, imported peds and props early on that im portant morn. From Daybook, in solemn tones, we learnt that Cutitt had slept well and enjoyed his morning meaL Chestor bad been honoured with the privilege of fetching the champion to the city, and at midday damp-looking and windy clouds careered above us as we neared the tryst Excursion trains had helped to crowd the appearance of the city; every where the greatest excitement prevailed; cabs in hundreds swarmed the streets, laden with frantic-looking occupants, and the tho roughfares rapidly disgorged their freights into the road leading to the Melbourne Cricket-ground. Tbe appearance of the road recalled all the time-honoured sights of an English Derby day, and the jam of vehicles and foot passen gers along that tortuous track at half-past 12 will live in memory as one of the few great sights identical with this country's history. Tbe colonial eye never rested on as exciting a scene as that witnessed from the pavilion ol the M.C.C. at 1 p.m. A huge amphitheatre of heads lined the inner part of the ground, and the moving dense crowds of ped-loving humans who roughed it outside, cheaply and nastily, caused dreadful epithets to escape onr proprietary lips. As a picturesque filling in, large bodies of police encircled the gronnd, their bine and-white uniforms tastily con trasting with the green turf in front and the tiers of spectators fonr and five deep behind. A deep sonorous murmur filled the air, men gazed upon each other anxionsly, and whis pered of Cuiitt's last go. Faces peered in hundreds through every crevice in the fence around the pavilion, while inside the reserve gay and bright-looking crowds of the fair dlite of the city paused in their bets, and asked if tbe " men had come." Never in colonial sportive history will that scene be beaten for a very Walpnrgis of seething turmoil, and the appearance of Cutitt'a now familiar form in front of the pavilion, on his way to his dressingroom, sent a thrill through the hearts of hundreds around. His gentlemanly exterior was ren dered still more interesting by his now pale, almost white features, whereon the thin blue veins rose and fell in rapid succession, betray ing a keen sense of his feelings and respon sibilities. Again rose the organ-like murmnr, bursting into a stifled cheer as the colonial champion appeared, clad in muffler and closely-buttoned coat, but to disappear within the sacred precincts of the room of wipes. At 2.30 p.m., just as the sun burst in singular splendour across the ground, re ceiving a welcome cheer from the swaying crowds for his solar benevolence, I visited Cutitt in bis room. He lay calmly gazing at the celling, arms akimbo, and dressed tor the fight. His full handsome eye beamed a quiet smile npon me as I sat at the foot of his bed. We spoke not for a few minutes, and, as he told me afterwards, he ran all his old battles o'er Bgain in that siesta. " Ah das t& feel lad ?" from the bine-eyed staring Daybook, interrupted this reverie. "Fit to go for my life!" echoed Cutitt, and I grasped his hand. I believe I did the same to Daybook's wiping digit. I know 1 kept on shaking Bome how, and as the bell knelled ont the start I shook in more places than one. " Harras is ready" were tbe words from the colonial champion s room, followed by "Here we are" from our festive cloisters. Tbe two men left tbe reserve together, amid tbe most deafening excitement Cheer fol lowed cheer, hats went up, and, towering above the Babel of confusion, the wild song of demoniac bookmakers shrieking " Who'll have the last hundred on' Harras?" The appearance of the champions of the two hemi spheres seemed an illustrated perfection of the trainer's art—Cutitt'a compact though slight-looking form being overshadowed by tbe broad shoulders of the wiry-looking, long striding Hairras, tbe cold bracing air tending to draw up tbe quivering muscles of the noble-looking athletes, and their restless gaze apparently shrinking from the intensity of the grand ovation in their honour. The first grand struggle between the Eng lishman and the native, as every one know-,, bad to be fought on the 150 yards course; which was roped in with a sacred-lookmg finish. Here will I pause to tell of tbe wipist, who exultingly accompanied Ids " heart's pride" to the scratch. Here will I tell of bow I gazed, with bit lip, npon Chestor alongside, Who held to one of my arms as he played with his teeth and upper lip solemnly; and here dan I feel now a days that dreadful intense thrill coursing wildly within «s I think of the awful stillness, tbe death- like chilling silence which canopied the men as they toed the scratch. Men hung upon one another's frames, and swsyed like wind-strnck reeds. Thonsands Opon thousands of voioes Bhrieked "they're off,"—the blue smoke came before the echo to find both men away from the scratch, and Hams gaining a clear 6ft. with his bound and full awing pitch off, Cutitt seeming to be stationary witn hisforward lean of limb— Cutitt in that breathless r&oe; never tor a moment appearing on tonus with his oppo nent, who rah homo with a distressingly easy appearanoe in 15| seconds i 1 wanted, I well remember now. to run home too t Distress gat on this Olympian brow in beads, and Chester's face went on oaring npon vacancy. Sondale let off a yel low grin, and Chopin looked hideous, for he ' nied a laugh.. Ye gods, out how 1 tremble to think of Daybook at this period of oar sub 1 unary lives. He cursed as the big tears welled out of his distended eyelids; he then let out a prayer, mixing up his piety with froth and Yorkshire simfles! Fowl gnawed a towel and alluded to his own eyes in the most familiar and uncom plimentary manner. Pegley sat pale and wretched, but where was Cutitt! He lay stretched on his bed, and said nothing! His eyes roamed the room lingering sadly upon the sunlight streaming in through the lattice, and 1 left them wist fully gazing still upon the sunbeams ! Outside the thickening crowd of book makers burst into maddening yells of de risiveness, dancing like weird devils before us ; and local delights were hailed upon our heads thick as hail—yea, verily, unto our terrific sickening. In that sick interim Fowl refused a sandwich ! As the last note died away from the funereal bell for the 200 yards strugg{e, I placed this manly frame behind the biggest man near, thinking it prudent not to be seen; but recovered pluck on viewing my beloved Chester again alongside, and we gazed a ped duet together. Amid the deafening cheers which greeted the colonial conqueror GO to 40 on Harras took a prominent part, yet we did not invest The two men met at scratch in the thick of a wild shout, and "Do it again, Johnny," seemed to be a favourite sentiment with those who hadn't paid—men in trees and dead beads beyond. The pistol-firer got the boys off splendidly. Cutitt gained the start, and at 150 yards it looked like a grand race. But the Colonial drew on his man, and breasted the tape with ease, three yards to the good in 20J seconds. I lookedinto Chester's manly face, and our eyes met, yet will I never forget the fact, that we both burst out laughing. All our castles and deposits were tumbling down so ridiculously easy, and that hysterical laugh did us good. Immediately after I found myself in front of a bottle labelled " Cognac," and I "went for it!" In Cutitt's room all was calm serenity. The wipist and Fowl, I think, had each received a healthy hit from the ex-champion, and Pegley had procured much ale in the meantime. Fowl had evidently been under a barrel, and the wiper had parted from reason, so cheerful did he seem. He sat at the foot of the now warming up Cutitt, and they dis coursed upon colonial matters in accents un beard of in our Sunday-schools. This was a healthy sign, and none of us left the ground. I met Daybook leading out the flushed Cutitt for the 300 yards event, and be sighed at me— •' Many a fitful smile he emole. Anil many a wink he wunk." "T'lad al doa it yet," and none of us replied to that man of towels. Our man won the toss, not that, we cared much, and he naturally took the inside. The lickings we bad waded through were getting monotonous, and we viewed the start complacently, little dreaming of the magnificent struggle at hand. Cutitt got a slight lead, maintaining the in side running, then Harras by inches grew npon the Englisher. Both men were running in 6uperb gameness, and it was evident that their blood had warmed. In the thick of a seething crowd the athletes came on, and rarely in life will a man view such a terrific furore. Locked together they ran for life. Cutitt; with bead thrown back, and Harras with persistent pluck, banging to the imported ped. The last 30 yards of the struggle found Harras putting on a noble effort, one of those heart breaking arrangements only known to pedes trians, yet Cutitt clung voraciously to his lead. Almost locked they rolled into the straight, and in a second more they fell npon the tape, pursued by 10,000 frantic fellow-hum an 8. In the intense confusion, poor George Watson loomed up like a hero. The yelk of infuriated and interested book makers—the frantic demands of fretful pro prietors—moved not the cold-blooded George, and, assailed by thousands of rude throats, he stood there, tombstone fashion, and pro claimed the " dead heat" which became his torical! I see those disciples of the blooming Stan dish in my mind's eye now, and herein im mortalise their valour; for surely never were "bobbies" so sorely tried.. The mystic wipist led the "coming man" through the mob, the closed eye and drooping arm of Cutitt proclaiming the intensity of that memorable event. Fowl took to the "confusion of mixed liquor" like a man, Pegley fell on Cutitt's neck and " mixed it," ana the bedroom of England's champion rivalled the indescribable scene outside. We felt we had a show, a poor sad show, for the mopusses, and with a heavy handicap on Providence we thought of the Monday to come. Men who never shouted lost their nerves, and " went it" for drinks ronnd, the trombone player threw his " trom " on the gnum and took to liquor, and the wipist smiled upon his handiwork, exclaiming " they're not in it" That night we missed two pedestrian pro fessionals, neither of them. being coffee drinkers. ...... Some proprietors went home in "calm" hopefnlness, and a wipist went astray. (To be continued.) 