CHINESE GHOSTS. (FROM THE BaLLaR&T; STAR.) A volume of interesting Japanese fairy tales has lately been published, aod now the Baliaral Star follows with what may, perhaps, be the tirst series of a similar collection of Chinese legends. All Coon, who some years since acted as Chinese interpreter at Ballarat, lately waited upon j'olice-sergeaot Larner to ask his advice under tbe following circumstances:— ' Ah Coon, who lives at tbe Chinese camp, stated that one night he was asleep in hie lint at Golden Point, when he was aroused by a tapping at tbe door. He got out of bed. aud lookiog out saw vanishing in the darkness a misty row of figares, with Chinese countenances, and clothed in long flowing white robes. Ah Coon wondered, bat seeing nothing more, re turned to his slumbers. In a few moments the knocking commenced again, aud this time when Ah Coon vent to the door, he says the figures v:e mor ? distinct, and he saw tuat the prucee sion was headed by the shade of an old China man, with a long white beard. Again the procession of gbosta vanished, again Ah Cuuo returned troubled to bed, and again the knocking was resumed. This time Ah Cuou iwadered before he ojieiied the dour. He was sure his visitors were from another world, and he mentally reviewed bis past life to try and remember if he had ever made any promises to the dead and left them unfulfilled. He suddenly recollected that when tbe cemetery authorities had, on account of the danger, objected to the burning of paper over the Chinese graves in the cemetery, lie had promised to have a small tire-place and chimney ereted there, for tbe purpose of carrjTOgjjut the Chinese custom of burning « certain kind of paper at different times over the graves uf the departed. This promise ho bad not carried' out, and he was rare that thl* accounted /or the risifc ol the ghosts. Having arrived at this conclusion. Ah Coon went to the door, and found the 'ghosts drawn up in a wmicircle before him. He 'addressed the venerable leader in Chincw. promising to have tlio chimney erected, slid ap'lngisng for bringing them out in sneb weatber. Imtncdiatrly thu gliosts vanished. Ah Coou has buill the' chimney and fire-place, and bas since slept undisturbed. The eatne Chinaman also informed the sergea&t; of another ghostly adventure some years before. This time Ah Coon was awakened by something pulling his shoulder, and when ha opened his eyes he saw a large cat with a vhlte breast standing beside him. He knew, from the cat's behaviour, 'that it was not of this earth, but it did not appear to understand Chinese when be addiepued it in that Ungn&pe;, aud the animal also appeared quite as ignorant of English. Ah Coon then remembered ihat in China, tbe land of his birth, it was generally understood tbat ghosts could not hold liens or pencils. As this cat could not or would not apeak, Ah Coon wanted it to write it* requesU or complaints, but there was a difficult)- shout holding the pen. Chinese ingenuity, howrver, soon over came all difficulties. Ah Coon got an iron tea tray, aud having smeared it over with oil, sprinkled it with line ashes. The white breasted cat understood at ooce. With one of its paws it wrote in Cbincse characters on the tea-tray tbat it was tbe spirit of a Cbinaman, whose body was at tbnt moment lying buried in a drive at Long Gully, near Crcswick. It asknl Ah Coon to have tlie body removed from the claim and decently buried, and begged tbat if such a thing as an inquest was held, tbe body minlit not be niutilitteti. The cat then melted aivay into thin air, and Ah Coon nlept. The next morning, Le siatve, that he rode to Lung Gull)-, found the body as described, aud had it buried after an ioquest, at which there was no putt mortem examination, had been held. Ab Coon wanted tbe eer^i'aut to advise him as to what h-- should do in the event of another visit ul the same kind, but Laroer informed him that the thing was ' out of his line.' ' 