\- CHIINESE GIIOSTS. A volume of interestini Japane?o firy talos has lhtely bean pabliehed, and now the Bellarat tarr foliows with what may perhapb be the fires serieo of a similar collection of Shinoct legonds. Aih t`oon, who some years since acted as (bTinese interpreter at Bfallrat, lhtdel waited upon Police sergeant Larner to ask his advice under the following eircnotlm~neos -"j- h Coon, who lives at the Chineee camp, etatad that one night he.was asleep in his hut at Golden Point, when he wse aroused .by a tapping at the door. He.got out of bed, and looking out saw van; iehing in the darknese a row of figures, with Chiness countenance., ent clothed in long flowing white robes. Ah Coon wondered, but seeing nothing more returned to his slumber,.. In a few moments the knocking commenced again, and this time wheh Ah Coon went to the door, he anya the.(iguros were more distinct, and he aw . thp' the procession A~n headed by the shade of an old Ohinaman, with a long white beard. Again the procasion of ghbots vanished, again Ah Coon returned' troubled to bed, and again the knooking weas resumed,' This time.Ah Coon pondered before he opened. the door. He was sure his.visitore. were from another world, and he mentally reviewed hirspest life to'try. and remember if he had ado any promisee to the dead' and left them unful filled. He auddenly roeollecrea that when the came. tery authorities objsoted to tho burning of paper over the Ohinese graven in the cemetery, he had promised to have a' small fire place and chiiney. orected thcre for the purposeo of carrying cut the Obinere custom of burning ? ' certein kindn of paper at different times over the gravea of the dot parted. This promise he had not carried out, and he was sure that this accounted for the visits of the g'hosts, Havin8g arrived at this conclusion Ah Coon' weint tothe door,'and fond the ghosts drwn up in. - a semicircle before him. fHe addressed the venerable leader in Chinese, promising tohavo the .chimney ercoted, and apologising for bringing them out iu such waether. - Immediately the ghosts 'vanished,.;?Ah Coon has built- the chimney and fire place, and has slept, since undisturbedc The same Chineman also informed thedsergeant of another ghostly adventure, some yosrs'before~ This time Ah Ooon was awakened by something ipulling. his ahboulder, and wbhe he opened his eyes he sea a large oat with a white breast standing beside him. He'kitew, from;the cst's be. isciour that it was not of this earth, but it did not appear to underatand Chinese when. he ad'dressed' it in that language, and the animal-also appeared quite as ignorant of English. Ah Coon thecn rememr bered that in China, the land of his birth, it was generally understood that.ghoets could not hold pens or penoils. As thisecat could not or would not speak Ah Coon wanted it to writeoit requests or complaints hut there was a difficulty about holding the pen. Chinese ingenuity, however, soon. overcame all diffultio?t. Ah Goon got an iron tea tray, and having 'smeared it over with-oil, sprinkled it with fine ashes. The white breasted cat.understood at once.. With one of its paws it wrote in Chinese characters on the .te tray that it was the spirit of a Chinaman, whose body was at thatmnoment lying buried in a drive at Long Gully, near Oresaiek. It asked Ah Coon to have the body removed from the claim and decently buried, and begged .that if ouoh a thing as inqoes:: was held, the body might not be mutilated. The oat then melted away into thin air, and Ah Coon slept.. The next morning he states that he rode to Long Gully, found the body as described, and had it buried after an inquest, at which there was no post msrtem examination had been held. Ah Coon wanted the sergeant to-advise him as to what he should do in the event of another visit of the same kind, but Lerner informed him that the thing was * out of his Jine, " 