'^-^ÍE^CO'rí CKN'iT.NAHY BAXQTJEl'. | Tiu,'liiri]uet, in cilulniliou oi thu centenary of the birth 01 (sir \\\ i.ltir biou, to.iV. pL»n> ni thu Ma*oatc Hull, ycs tirduy .cvuiint;, at sever, oVlie'.e. Auout onu hundred gentlemen sat "down io the i.>bl«->, which were provided iwithrw-iy «el»in) by ii,;.loi,jLolia,,under tho supervision ift^jhP 'JWiiiifÇI _l .umijntç.,,1' A nuuber of UiUes vero pir^nuí-"îiHii, h iviñt,-been provided tor llieiii on thu dais-, »t Out ins'ern euii oi the fp.-iiioua npartini-nt. Tho hull vrns virj-tiistiii.'nj orniuiieiited willi bauuersaud boughs, -streHiueit ot Ue.rk ¡inen iv\ having lim occasionally inlrWuied in the bright inni-i-e.« of greenery, with a very rletie-infî and nore] elim. At tho Uie-k of tha dais, two tteOks of 'the- gnuelul b -nana gave a rich seiui tiopft-iil ohaiactei- to the dissimtioiis,-not tho least nicivsful of vbie,-h was th'it vibieh iiilorutd the front of thp wislerii (rnllrty, vhi-ri- ti e lund was stationed. Pro ffsuor Cliarlfs liiedliiuii oe- eupieil mu chair, and tho lion. Charlea Campbell, ii.LO., eiTtipird the vice- chair. On OH»right «ei the Chairman sai htí Kjsullency the Right Run. tbe- Karl of Uc-Inn re, ne-xt to whom «m the Bnihop of Ortfliin lind Ai miaule, Dr. Cox, Mr. W*. Neill, the lion. J. 15. Wilson (the Miui»trr for Lands), the Rov. J. B. Laughton (Uli' Moderator of the Fresh) terian Church), and Mi. Robin Afdi-rfon. On tne left of Dr. Itadhain Mt tho lion. Sir 1. A. Muir.iv (the l're-ident e>f tim Legislativo Coiineil), the lion John Knbirti-ou (the Oolonul äucre tiiry), the Rev. Dr. Latif.', ,iud L'apura Baynes. Amongst the eumpinv a'oo wiro tin- Hon. Robert Owen, M.L.Ç., Un" lion. John RLbitdson, M.L.C., tho Htu. S. 1), Gerdon M.li.C, Mr. C. A. Fraser, M L.A., Mr. District Judge Frdnciit, Captain John M'I.iiie, I.G., Captain Beresford, A U.C., the lieu. A-V. 1,. Dulhv. M.L.C , Mi. Cooper, Mr. Alexander r-tuarl, Mr. Charlie- Moore (Director oi the Botanic Gar ile-ne). Mi. It. A. A. Morehead, Mr. J. B. Watt, Mr. K. S. Hill, Mr. Crommelin, Mr. .i. J. Mouie, Mr. Junien Hen- derson, Mr. Alderman M'lnttvh, Mr. Nicholl, Mr, Barnett (tho Colonial Anhitea), Mr. Thuiuab Hale, Mr. I. Spence, Mi. 1!. Jimm, Mi. IVnth, Mr. M. Black,-Mr. George-DuAH 'I bouu-ou, Mr. Charle« GoodiUap, Mr. Johu Rae-, Mr. I'lii-bcry, Mr. I.vdiaid, Mr. Jotiu i teuer (oï Batavia), the Rev. Mr. Leven., Mr. Ieoitc-e, Mx. Frank Senior, Mr. R. M. Titt,ol Riel.iuoiid ; .Mr. P. F, Adams (iho .Survcyor-Gcnir.il), Mr, Charl, ¡j Cowper, juu., vV.F.M. ; and Mr. J. Jene». The Vies Chairman woro the Ilighlnud CoMuu.e.-the Lucan of thu renowned, numeroii!", and influential elim Cnuipbell, otten MI vividly referred to in tho works of (bal ;rreat writer, in honour of whoje chub-bed memory ihm merni gathering took place. , rostella«! prim i quies tpulis TheXfJiAiUMAN propofed "The h(\tlth of the Queen." He bttia that this was the brredilary toast mvaiiably iyjked for and done bopour tonmuupstniJ Englishmen ; und there, as eisen'hero, it should bo tLoir tina. The ladies, he sup- posed, vero to "dunk lo it onlj with their eyei"-(* laugh)-but tho gcntleuun vemU drink to it in í/iríf ovrn -way,_out of the gliu-n-s whu-b bo c-ilhd upon ihoiu to charge, for tho occation. He guvo them, " Tho health of the Queen.'' Tho toast wus reeeivfd -with all ibu honours, the band -playing Áo National Aiith. in. Tho, CiiAlu>fiX ne\t proposed, "Tho health of the Prince of Wales, the Princess of Wales, and all the Royal Family. The toast vvns equally well received, the band plaving tha ( " l'rmce fif, Vf ales March." . l)f. Bum i« Bftiel'that tho to'ist be wa» now about to 'propose Was onei^which wai), of e-ourM., this Wtoil conse- quence, of those, wEicbliad just been acknowledged. Thc-y 'prop'oMft loyally to tlib'-Quèehj and f hi roforo to her repreten tnjive in the colony, (Applause.) It expressed th-j great value". Vrnfth' tboy'* attached to tLe representative of the '1 fpsdpdike some gtstitlenieu cf.bis aequiintance, to "cut 5'jpa/tiMr',", (Laughter.) ,Ho behoved ilmro would bo f^bno "single answer in all pirts of the colony if such a queatiou wera put Iff» believed that, EO far ti= lie* mulei ktiin, rithct by personal- visit or ,hyr\hc re*ir, ient-itiou cf those ra whoin, ho had very' grent trun.* If i.fli-k.thiiri what they thought ol ih" prf-ent Govvrnor, thoy W0I1Î3. *ay lu- \t is a« e iasi e nnous a Govornur as ever .r»iir"«fiilisl mo Qu>-«u in unv of iinr ui-Duudeui'ieis. (Ap plaun.) ,11o bad ti-ld l);s t.veleu'!} '.lu-t now thnt it ' -R-c-flld' be hix elinv to jv.ur IHPIIISI Imiter OVIT hm ilevoted head (lauçbtcr), "but Un vvp» not going to do ir. Ho .nurdy gave bira t!i t coiivmndntion which he strictlv deseA-cö. He ft we Ihi-in with all sinceriti in thu toast anti , all fineeriiy.in tbosmtiu.eiitb vuth which no hid biekrd ft up, "Hit. bixrollenev the. Governor." The) toait was rercived with. enhulnsUe- ni plinse ard ihv.e oheúrs. Üánd,.*'rine'rild Ensli h G'ntleriw." ? 'lim Karl of Bimoiti: (v ho ,^ risirg ,wis ro ÎCiiitd. .with loud ur.d «e.nti'aued ip,lau=.') 6u"d Hut i toi'ni'!« .lrt-vjuly th,enlu>l, Hiern for the. 'i'nanacr, fn which lliy hud ntyv.d tim t:»ast¿ , On ' tho puBcnt eccReieii ho vvould uot anticipato lioae,elo. 3oi..3,;«0'j: ,".f. . , ' I munt fithkirs who wtro li address thom that evening, ni di i vi uid ibtrt fort cont/ut Inmecif with thanking thom fir drinking his hi ilth It wi» xiry pie want fir lum it ne nt ii Knit in null Miiphiti li mil Ho 1151ra I ft«l to thank tinmf ;r thp h .ni ur tht) bid dou him 'In iTv'iiUAM.thcn pnposcd tho " Anny, Nivy, and V 111111"irs ' It was mt ui) di») f-r bun, who Iival u'l hir. lilt pi illy iii itoi-ltrs and always in tin 1, to go m w into thu quemón ff tho Arm), Navy, and Vtihint em li« c i Id nut my ai vlhiug 111 pruisi of tho Army, Navy, tr Aolunturs, txiipt what he had alroady hoirj and ilty bid hturd it BO of tin Ihnt ho was sure thoy would Ink uj 111 it UM »talo Ht proposed tbo toast, hqwover, m nil hineenty. (Applause ) 'lhe to ist waa duly honoured. Band "Tlio British Guniidiirs " .Curtain UEIIHSIOKI) returned timuka on behalf of tho Anny, and Captain BAXNIS and Mr. G M PITT also brit fly acknowledged tho UMHL Professor BADU Ail next proposed " Tho memory of Sir "Waller Scott " In doing BO ho »aid -Ladles nnd gontlo men, 1 must now enirtnt your forbearance whilst I eutur upon a task which has been allotted to me tnis ovening I vii» going to say that it xvas a task to which I was totally xintquul- meaning thireby the tusk of pr using Sir W liter Scott But who is tquil lo it ' The greatest spoikor that (Vir lived, thi mm who should bo limit pregnant in fiacy , mc-tiith in ni «minion, most grncifully llixtblo in laa (.111 gc, ci uld never cunio up to any thing: hku prtismg ono who hu- bun consci ruttd in tho immunes of a great and povt trful c( untrj (Anpl mac ) 1 cunnot therefore undor II ko 10 prime bim lor what would this praiso bo? It xvouhl bo prajfing ono whoso praiso had long »(.o KULK into dtep and permanent udmira im- un iidinii'ition to whith nono of you would tlunl if L,ivinifUticri_et And who an I that I ehould ¿m ittliimic tithiw thought» which you yourselves ire ttnttni tri linn us th lUghts, to It ive umittoied, but dniro to truiiMi it io yourchildnnr (Applause) "Well, ii this 1-1)1 t i«i hi w um I to handle tho subjett5 Am I to III Tail ii ton diiistrtiitiuii ' Is ti it- a time, is this,tho plico, 1 r .1 luture npin the pctulnr mint» of bir Walter scott, en lier ns 11 pott yr lit n novelist J iso douot a gnat tri my rtiy txcilhiit disquimtious might bo lindo by competent ¡ t -1L« upon tlie vam ty of hi- du ructt r*, up m the nppli Cfliliiv ti tht «et hunt irsto ihe histoiy ot the times, upon the hibtpty tit the times Uumse-lns, how far this or tait mx ing wtls a real explanan n of the times he attempted to di umbi' Or, taking it in 11 lnr( or w ey, how fir Sir W niter '"coff h id ( neoi rugi d tho tiue study of history, or 1 uw far lu had hi in mt rin unu» in originating th it romantic ¡entai, na the 1 reí eli had ne,riul lo call it, that reuuutic icuiduf litirulure wini h, nt all events, it it did nothing rite, nut into utttr durknei-» tho im-cniblo pseudo classi talitits vihich pit cdid it All thete und 11 huudred other sut nets ti mi u 11 i(-ht di«(Ourso up m, li ho thought it his p 1 vino to 11 like a di« citation, or if he thought it suited this pisa tr the nitiiiory of this gre it man, to bo lecturing uj on him litre lint I Luv. no »uch aims 1 havo neither tit [rtpiratiun nor th( pbr iset lügv, nur have I that utter »ant c1 ti u sense of timo mid plico which should prompt nt if 1 knew iver so mu h about theso subjects, and c 1 Id iver io vieil count ujnjn an uuditnce, to prbfauo this M liiucity by mliouueiog um'ter-, which ara nt least puJnntii "W t havo not cunio hire to célébrité grc&t; talents V\ t bato conn Lim to p rf inn an act of solemn t Din- oun emin n lor gre it beni fit« received (Applause) I seo ift nrrc \ v thal inb rruptiou that you under»tiud to what Itnihis I ulluile But vot lit mu point out to you some ftw of thin lenefit« 'Iho Duchess of Wellington, tbo wilt if tht (.rent captain-nnd I h ive this añorante upon tht authority ot ttepbysieiun who attended her, who waa a fru 1 d of 1 ur family, bir fleury II ilford-the Duchess of W til nglon, 11 very few month» beforo hir deih, tent to bn W alter "»ti tt to thank Inns most specially lor tho many lit ur« of n lui und comfort vibich his works had nftirded hir during n lo ig and hi peleas illness Are thero not ninny here-ure there not many, not only in the Austral] in colonies, Lut still more in the mother-country-who eau matt h that nnecdjtu with anecdotos in their own family (Aprlau^e) I for ono can remomber dear fares" pining, pining almost too much to express mo mvviird ugony wim which they wore con vulsid - 1 can rtmimbir bnnging into their oyoa (.learns of joy, gleams at least of cheerfulness and almost of joy whilst 1 was u»ing tho xvand of this powerful end unter to beguile their sufferings (Applaus") This, I Lilli ve, 1» eno of tho greatest benefits that fair Walter Scott has bos owed upon all-not only upon thoso who i-p.nK tho l-nglich language, but also upon ali thjsatowhom tbeiuglit-h language 1«. accessible, even lumugh tranBla nt n« 1 bein vo he h is wnttcn a book that has gono into 111 re houn holdb. into moro European countries, or countries whtre tbore is the slignteat tingo of European cixilizatim, than nuy other, It l8 easier, moro ncccustol», lti-s di gmatic, I will not sav that his works aro the grautest of all works, but tin y are the most invading and parmoating 1 f aux works that I know of, (Applause *i It is not only in MtkuesB. hut also for us who aro in health, to enjoy. Ho» ninnx a weary suspense, how many an hotir of en fi rcct dh ness, when perhip» wa might have been thinking of woree ibmgs, if we had not had tliut to occupy us < How minx an hour of vveariBomenua and disgust, occasioned by petty carer or petty squabbles, have we-I will not say Bstictibed-but purifie- by alighting upon a volumo of tbo W nVtihy Novels just »t the right time, and by giving onr farcies tobe punficd of their un wholesomo consents, by some magic sanco ho may havo conjured up I s ly then, vre como beru to comnn monito a benefactor But nil great men of genius are benefactor» trfus But there isthis diB tmctiin-that fair W alte 1 Seitt, by pursuing a humbler kind of literature-as confessedly it was, for he himself stooped fnm poetry, m ordtr to tdopt it-contrived to introduce hiiiiiell with that noiseless and unobtrusive sympathy, and come into Iho palnco or the cot unannounced, unhcraldsa, ud M1 making hirr.Btlf xvelcomo even almost bi fore ho is TcccgLioed lie comes with euch a stealthy swietnosa ur* n ÜB that we may hail Tim not only a» our benefactor, but as oui Lénifient friend. (Applause ) I said that I (mould not praise, this great man-I said nLso that I should m t {.ive you any dn-sertafion up n this gTeatman, but I am temttcd to say some ftw words, not by wav of disser- tation, but to show n certain discrimination, in- rather a certain spirit of detail in commemorating his / nix ices. He is ti e great consoler who has smoothed*' many a pillow Ho is tho great consoler who has n nde many a x oy ago supportable, who has mode ninnx an onxious trying week or month, whatever timo it way be, a little les» unendurablo But purely we ara all glud to ir call the Bource« by which ho has dono it What ure those enchantments which ho las had in his hands * ¡Sow, 1 wish that in placo of being surrounded by various device« formed of Australian planta and ferns and tho rest t f it, I could lust put round this room a few pictures illustrative of hi» ereat scene» I wish I eould represent to you now somo of tho grtat ecenos which have arisen under the wand of hi» enchantment I wish I could I, mr, yon can, 1. y one of ua can For there ia that power iveuintho naino of our enchanter. At the mention of Sir "Walter Scott, what nri»<~ amongot us.-' What anses beforo onr eyes ?> Eebecca and tho Templar, Bullio Nie-1 Jarxio - that inimitable character thin again tbo clerk of Copmanhurst carousing with liiehard. And then again thtru is-hut I dare not trust nix-tlf And wby should 1 bo peopling this room xvith all kinds of phantoms r If I do that, tina magician is so powerful that perhaps tho ghosts might jostle each other and create conudt rabio confusion And now thero is ono moro thing which wo need not shirk in tho case of Sir Walter bcott. Qften you will hear praises of an author, end then either an ominous silence or that lightness of allusion which is often more ominous than silence as to tho II an. But we fear no cnücibtn of Sir Walter Scott. Bcenute the man in thi« case is such a man, such a thorough, honest man (\ppkuse) Ho is not ,a Bickly mun, nppislmg to the public in his own sentimental and »utjpctivo inH-lness. He 1» a man not moody and morose, lut thon uglily healthy Not challenging tho worship of people to Jua gloom, aa if bia gloom or moroseueas vvis a symptom of duty. And lastly, if I must descend into a liwer alluAion, ho 13 a thorout,hlv upnght man who dis- dains to create. apphvusA by BUggcaling voluptuous images fn m which every healthy mind turns away with loathing. He represents a time which haa been much maligned, chiefly by lectureB upon tho Georges and others , but a tim» xihiih, afttr all, vina a time of very manly men-for it vías a timo of Wellington and of Nelson-a timo of nun of great courago, a tuno of oourago also in the Calinet. Ho sympathised with all this manliness because hi was manly hiuiBilf. If you want to see on exubersnci of his [mauhncRs, just look at his heroines. I do not mean the heroines of particular individuals. Ileioine« 1 f novels are those happy individuals whom wo can generally dispose of in marriage boforo wo got to tho ind of tho story. They go throuDk mild tomptations and easx kinds ot dangers, and at hist get married But tho heroines of bir Walter Scott were of a far dill, rent charac- ter Ihty nre Flora M'lvor and Jcannia De ins-peoplo who ore never married, and never tottlo down comfoit | iiblx - (laughter and cheero)-the unparochid pcoplo xvith whom 1 um BUIO moro than ono ot my hearers huB acute sympathy. Ho could not per hiii s deal qmto justly xvith tho tamer kind of feminine ihaiaiter "With his female characters thero xviiB nil the lustre and au the price of worninhood , but thi re xvas also that hardness which your dapper, sentimen- tal ndxenturers omit. He despwed nil low female adula-, fions He was a man xvhn kept unsullied his vonth m all ils puntx as the greatest ofitring which he could lay at the shnnc of his fnturo bride. I refer you to boa Fon-m-hvw fir that. Then I um reminded that he had his faults But we do m t shrink f 1 r m his faults. Thoy were not of 11 at sickly kind thatxve could not look them in the faw He lived so much in the world of romaneo und nobleness that ho detested vulgarities. I ' do not nienn vulpnntirs as a cockney would understand thom , but the xulj. uri ties of society from top to bottom. Ho so hated thf-m that ho moved himself from tho xrorjd, and wmt into H half-fam iful world of tua own. II« bohevd in an old ft ndnl timo, that 1 for one stronglydbubt whether It ever ixistcd But ho behex ed ra it and tried to transfer braiEcIf mto it, and tried to mako Abbotsford sorao such a nat »B an old castle in the earlier days. He tried to com- bine the rehnimentof the beginning of the nineteenth cintury with all the virtues which be believed belonged to centuries preceding. I think thero xvaa some historical (infusion in his tumd, and a considorablo amounttof imagi r ullin m bisview All this wrought powerfully upon a nmejwho was intended and xvas born to bo tho groat nt ix ¡teller , the great reviver of all tbjit w is noblo in tho 11 idd c «gea, Bnd all that had beon noble since amongst U alf due cln«biculity to which 1 ha.v e alluded With all ibis fanty minni, with a natural nniljitiou totnvn«mit hu w11 e and not allow his fumilj to d v ndlo «way and bo Hil nu rged, ho dreamed that unhappx dream of Abbotssford. J hen cier.ie haul wtrk, diMippjinuiiont, mid bankruptcy. wh-t generally comes ne-*.', to mea after baufceuptoy ¿ Tbo mont beroio and contpntcd acquiescence in fho loss of Unir creditor«. But bo ft-lt nothing of that kind. That is where the man carno ont. Ile felt towards every creditor to whom ho ovvcdn shilling tbu Kimo a3 bo would feul if ho _ bud lust ii fbilliug himself. And he strove and worked woifc, in comparison to which tho work of rtha limbs ia nothing. Ho wrought up-m that (re n.endou« bruin of his, until it fairly broke di},vn, without complaint or murmur. My own father mot him just letoro be died, and ho i-aid to him, " I am afraid yju are luther lamer" " Lame, Sir, not at all; but one yeir ago I was ibo strongest man in Scotland, and now I n-nriely feel mj-felf a man at all." Here wa« tbo heroic, old fellow dying to satisfy his creditors. Now, tho end of all this is, we havo come heie lo commemorate a man who baa lelioved our anxious momenta, who has suppH«du.s with tho means of relieving far moro terrible moments, and more than moments, of buffering, to those who are dear to us. Ho was himsolf a great pattern of all the best English and Scottish virtues, and of Irish too. Ho is a man who ha» taken a largo uñare in our literature and has given it a moral and useful tendency-useful, L added, on account of tho many Scotch gentlemen present this evening. I call upon you not to drink to tho health of, tbo memory of, or anything else ; but simply cill upon you to perform a solemn act of ceimnieuioration to one of thoso few men whom Providence vouchsafes to bestow upon, a somewhat miscellaneous congregation of persons, who aro called civilised, from time to timo-con lescends to bestow the ni in order to relieve them from utter barbarism. I call upon you to record your thankfulness in any way you Uko, cither hy drinking or thinking, to the memory of Sir Walter Scott. 'lho toast was received with solemn silence. Tbo Rev. Dr. LASO proposed "British Literature." Ho brie fly referred to tho rapid progress which thii Australian colomes had made, and to their present importance. Ho eben quoted Thomas Carlylo's eulogium upon Sir Walter .-rott. He believed that, the great achievement of Sir Walter Scott was the revolution which ho effected in,tho literature und tasto of bia eountry-(cheers)-in raising its, character and in introducing into it au eloment of which it bad been previously destitute, in banishing from sacioty tho waggon loads of mieeraWo trash that was circulated through the empire at borne and abroad before ho appoarod upon "the stage. (Cheers.) That was an achievement which Thomas Carlyle, with all his " English on stilts," or " English run mad," could never have achieved. Sir Walter Scott's grund objpct was to lound a family,'to ucquiro n great landed estate. But ho failed in tnosa objects, as no doubt Providenco ordered. But in tacna commercial imlarrassmcnts into which ho fell, aid which have been alluded to so eloquently by a previous [ speaker, Dr. Badham, bir Walter Scott presented to us'an example far more bonourablc to himself than all the hotaour and glory he derived from bia writings. ."When, ho be- came bankrupt, what did ho do ? Did ho do what so many others did, mako a . compo- sition with his creditors P No he sot to work at once, and ho worked for a quarter of a century, nntil ho was able to say " he owed not any man." (Applause.) If in accordance with a suggestion which had hem nimio this evening, wo should erect a statue to Sir Walter Scott, be (Dr. Lang) would proposo that it ahould bo placed at tho door of the Insolvent Court-(laughter and applause)-with this inscription upon it: "Ho was an honest man und no mistake." (Continued laughter and applause.) Ho conceived that Sir Walter Scott, for the reiifons he had mentioned, independently of his writings, was un honour to Scotland, and well desprved the honour ot the whole civilised world. fAnpluuso.) The Hon. CHAULES CAMIMIBLL (who waa all but in- audible owing to the conntant conversation going on, and his distance from tho . chair) gavo ,a most eloquent and impressive review of tbo ¡inmenso strides which literature bad taken in England from tho earliest period of the nation' B history, and tho lasting benéfica which had been conferred upon tho pooplo of Great Britain by Sir Walter Scott, whose centenary they wero assembled hero that e.emng to celebrate. Ho allied upon them to do justico to tho literature of Great , Britain. (Chters.) '1 ho toii6t waa received with great enthusiasm anil hoirty applause. Mr. District Court Juigo FKANCIS rose to 'respond, and waa greeted with checrB. He said that he ro=e to respond to the toast under several disadvantages. ' It wad getting veiy late, and bo had a great objection to long after-dinner spteches. (Hear, hear.) He must say that after he had heaid a most interesting speech-original, strik- ing, und pleasing, and treated ra a very brief space from the chair, ana folio« ed by a lengthy speech trom tua R-JV. Dr. Lang, he felt that n. protraoted speech wa« quite unneces- sary. If they looked at tho extent of British literature they would tee that it positively defied, by its estent, their ' powers of enumeration. Supposing they discarded nino tenths of British literature); supposing they agreed to' forget that long line of theologians, those learned men who had recorded not only the rinn and fall of empires) but «li those subtle and mysterious changes; supposing they TOUICV hty these asido and contine themselves simply to two branche* of English literature-Action and pooü-y-what ¡a world tbero was open to them for eunteinplaiioa. (Applatire ) It they looked at the works of fiction they might vTell feel proud of what the British nation had done in that airoetion They had perhaps spoken of the greatest master oí lictiiui, but they could not forget bow niauy great masters they b iii had in that line whoso works hod tended to moral enjoy- . nient and mental improvement. Ho enumerated most pro- minent novelists, philosophic writers, and classical authors,, wheeo works had for years formed tho standard ot English literature. It was a topio which , it waa impossiblo for him to grapple, and yet ono might well bo proud to belong to a land where suoh literature waa pro- duced; and they might bo thankful that such existed to counteract the errors of the day. It reminded thom th« there were many things worth possessing, and, Moreover, it bound the-m together, and that was perhaps the most important consideration of all. Britain would live by h literature, which would be felt even when her institutions had passed away. (Applause.) ? '. Dr. BADHAM calltd upon tho Hon. "W. B. Dalley to propose the roasts of " Australian Authors and the'ProiS af the Colony," and "Lady Belmore and the Ladies"of the Colony." ' ^"The Hon. W. B. DALLEY (who was received with great applause) said that ho understood that he was i to havo spoken upon a previous toast, but tho venerable Dr. Lang, having been guilty of h-rceny, (laughter) had taken the task upon himself, and had therefore somewhat lightened his (Mr. Dalley'b) labours. Althougb in that country they had no literature to speak of in com- > panson with Great Britain, they had just as deep a sjmpatby with the literature of England. (Ap- plause.) After humorously referring to tho ladies*:, ho proposed in succession " Lady Belmeiro nnd tho Ladies of the colony,"¡and " Australian "Authors and the Press of the colony." \--?The toasts wero received with continued cheers., The Earl of BELMORE said that on behalf of tho Countess of Belmore, he returned his thanks for tho manner in which they had received the toast. Mr. GEOU'GE Tnoiirsox returned thanks on behalf of the ladies of tho colony, and « voto of thanks to the chair- man (proposed by the Hon. S. D. Gordon), brought the proceedings to a CIOBB about 11 o'clock. , We have been requested to menüon that tho Hon. K. Deas Thomson was unavoidably absent from the banquet. A " CURIOSITY" OF BARBARISM.-Tlie Fiji Times says the schooner Merlin, which arrived on Wed- nesday, from Levuka, brought a jar containing tho' hand of a Lovoni chief, killed by tho King's soldiers on the day of sailing, presented by King Cakobau to Mr. W. C. Girdenhire. NAUSEOUS ENOUGII FOR PHYSIC.-" The- people of Oswege», New "York, havo been of late very exultant over the discovery, near that city, of a spring whoso waters wero of a sufficiently nauseous flavour to warrant tho belief that they wero possessed of superior medicinal qualities, and it was pronounced by physicians as being a mineral spring of the greatest value. Tho owner was offered 20,000 dollars for the spring, and refused ; but sinco ha has pulled out the decomposed bodies of threa chickens, four rats, one dog, one cat, and a black snake, he will take half that amount. Strange to say, he has abandoned his former idov of erecting a six-siory hotel; and what is equally as strange, the mineral flavonr haB entirely disappeared from the water." , CHANGES IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE. In Ward's " Errata in the Protestant Biblo," a, curtocis work published first in 16S8 by an English Roman Catholic, and reprinted with additions at Dublin some thirty years «go, the author or editor quotes a verse from Stornhold and Hopkins's version of the 74th Psalm : " Why Host thou draw thy hand aback \ And hide it 'n thy lap, i ' O pluck it out nnel be not slack To give thy foes a rap." The «Id version of the» 23rd Psalm contains a curious, line which forms a good specimen of tho changes in onrlan guBge in 300 years : " Ile doth me fold in coaim most safe, Tho tender grasse fast by." SCOTCH PKESB-ÜTEKIAN ASSEMBLIES.-The debates in the Scotch Presbyterian Assemblies this year do not. invite any lengthened obscrr-itions. In the Free Church the talk was once moro about "Union-in the F.stablisheel Church, about Patronage. There was no novelty in anything said or done. The arguments on both subjects are exhausted, and the difficulties re main._ At the bottom of both lies the Establishment I question, which seems now to touch almost every im.--1 poruint matter of discussion in North and South I Britain. It must be got rid of before any real progress can be mode. The leaders of the Kirk, I finding their Establishment dreadfully topheavy, are dec-ply concerned to tumble the Patronage baggage off the roof into the nearest ditch, but it has been so fastened on as to be virtually part of the -vehicle, and they cannot devise any nidthod of wrenching it off without fatally damaging the whole concern. In the Free Church there is still a sufheien., strong party of theoretical Establishmentoriiins ti prevent a junction with such out-and-out .volunttijies ns the "United Presbyterians ; and until Dr» lîejtj, ¿r. Honar, Mr. Nixon, and a few like-minded men, are translated to a world which they expeet vyill he en- tirely to thtir mind as containing but ory» religion, and that one most firmly established, thero is, y^rv little chance of union. The Free Church, raised ¿413,39'S last year, £82,284 of which, were devoted ,.to missions and education-a pretty good tribute to voluntaryism. -ii'rjfiísA it»»«-., i- ; 