CHURCH OF ENGLAND MEETING. A meeting was held at the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday evening of members of the Church of Eng land, for the purpose of assisting in the organisation of measures for extending the operations of the church inv the Arch-deaconry of Ballarat. The bishop was absent by "reason of sickness, but the Dean of Mel bourne, the Archdeacon -of Ballarat, and the Rev. Messrs Potter, Cummins, Ade'ney, Allanby, Spencer, Watson (2), and other.clergymen were present on the platform, as also Mr "Colin .Campbell. There was'an" audience of about 300 persons present in the hall. The meeting was opened with prayer, offered by the .Rev. R. T. Cummins. —_ - - ■ ■- \- The chairman opened proceedings with a few words, in which he stated that the bishop was unable to be present, as his medical adviser s recommended, him to abstain frdm going out on the occasion, as he was still suffering from his malady; but his lordship had given to the archdeacon some written notes, which would be read to the meeting. ■ . The Ten. Archdeacon Stretch read the bishop’s ad dress. It adverted to the growth of the Church here during his episcopate. Beginning with 17 clergymen it had now 129, and instead of 6 churches 200, besides ■ a host of parsonages, while upwards of £60,000 had been subscribed for church purposes. These things should lead them to thank- God and take courage, though when the growth of the population from 70,000 to 700,000 was looked at, and the fact that the population was still sparse in many districts, and much lukewarmness abroad, a spirit of sadness and despon dency sometimes arose. But their duty was to look to God thankfully for what had , been done, and to i humble themselves for what had' been lacking, and | strive for a remedy. No doubt there were defects in the church organisation, but its characteristics were not to be forgotten. It was territorial, and each minister and congregation in some sort, and within certain limits, independent, yet it was parochial, and not congregational like the Congregationalists and Baptists, nor central, like the Wesleyans, and, as Dr Chalmers had said, it was a church for the whole people. But there were defects, and the laity had not had so large a voice and employment as was desirable. At least it was so in, Ragland where the laity had no ac tion in synodical meetings, and the parochial system tended to clerical isolation. . But in Victoria that was in part remedied by the Church Assembly with' its powers for altering parochial boundaries and de vising new plans of action. Then there was a council to assist the bishop and archidiaconal councils for dis trict purposes. These, and the absence of church patronage here were matters for congratulation. But a kind of parochial vestries and local councils were de sirable for superintendence over congregations. To him, however, it seemed also that more zeal and de votedness was wanted rather than new organisations, and that zeal and devotedness could only be obtained by the influence of the Holy Ghost. All Church organisations were useless without the motive power of the Spirit of God. They all should, therefore, and especially the clergy, seek that power, the clergy seeing to it that they were not content to get congre gations merely as of dry bones, like those in Ezekiel’s vision, but cry to God that His Spirit might breathe upon them and give them life. The archdeacon, at the close of the bishop’s ad dress, said he would have occasion again to speak to the meeting. The Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne nest ad dressed the meeting, and expressed the pleasure he had in seeing Mr Gaunt on that occasion, as it con trasted with a former time when they had met to assist in procuring church ordinances in a place that had no church avithin a distance of 20 miles. The object of the meeting that night was to give, if possi ble, an impetus to the work of the Church. By the desire of his friend the archdeacon, he was to speak that night on the subject of episcopacy. He regarded the Church of England not so much as an “ episcopal church” as a church for giving religion to the whole country. Opinions much differed as to episcopacy. He held that the Scripture taught the doctrine of the three orders of bishops or elders, priests and deacons. But names were of little importance, provided the ministers—as symbolical candlesticks—held forth Christ the Light of the world. In this diocese there was a godly dissenter who had gone to the South Sea Islands as a missionary, and there he discovered that without the title he was exercising the office of a bishop. That moved him to join the Church of Eng land, of which he was now a useful member. The position of a bishop made him independent of local influences, and thus congregations had in him always a resource to which they could appeal if a minister or other things went wrong. His authority, thus, was likely to be exercised more satisfactorily than by men judging their social or official equals, and in the midst of local and personal prejudices. The bishop’s rule was thus received, not as that of harsh law, but as that of God’s representative, loving, just, and wise. Then, the visits of a bishop were good. " 113 co meuted us all together. He muca regretted the bishop could not ho present that night. (Cheers.) The bishop’s visits gave zeal and encouragement to tl.o churches, and were thus always welcome. The large diocese of Victoria needed subdivision, and if that was to be done an endowment was necessary for the new bishopric, for it was essential that a bishop should be independent in his position. Subdivision of dioceses in Australia had resulted in continual growth. Such was the effect of bishops. The reverse picture was once seen in North America, where bishops were denied to the colonies, and the Church withered away, and then the colonies there became a rival nation, though episcopacy there had since revived and the Church had prospered. But without the blessing and presence of God all our organisations and labors would be in vain. Mr Colin Campbell addressed the meeting and urged the necessity of earnest action for the further ance of the interests of the church, especially in the archdeaconry of Ballarat. The Church must grow and move on, or perish, and as State-aid was about to be withdrawn, the Archidiaconal Council had con sidered the necessity of a fund being raised for church purposes within the archdeaconry. That was of infinite importance, and had the benefit of being free from the selfishness of mere localism. Christ in dying for us haft, set’us the example of anti-selfishness, and if we refused to give money for the needs of the Church we should be miserable and poor, both as Christian citizens and members of the Church. Clergymen must have a decent maintenance and be freed from unnecessary anxiety in order that they might be able to devote themselves to the work of their holy office. ' Asystem of quarterly subscriptions for the spread of the Church was proposed, each mem ber of the Church giving, if only a shilling a quarter, to the fund, while the richer could give more; and all, even the youngest child, could bear a part in the work. It was not a sacrifice that was asked, but an organised movement in which all should take part, to save the Church at this crisis of her history in Victoria from retrograding and withering. Would they show their hands in favor of a collection ? (A show of hands, and cheers.) He was glad of that, as it at once re lieved him of all responsibility. The archdeacon,explained that the collection would be in aid of the district mission fund, as they were now to be thrown upon their own resources, and pro vide for readers and other church necessities. It was proposed to hold meetings in all parts of the district for the purpose of establishing the fund, the minimum subscription being Is per quarter. A collection was then taken up, after which The Rev. J. Porter addressed the meeting’on “ The Relations of the Church to the People,” in the course of which he adverted to the transition from Romanism to Anglicanism, and to that “ most miserable event in the history of the Church of England,” the extrusion of Wesley and his followers. (Cheers.) That arose from the fact of the Church losing sight of the neces cessity of progress in order to avoid decay. At that time the spirit of conservatism was abroad, and all the clergy strove for was to keep things “ safe.” Thus for.years none but “ safe ” bishops were created, men who would put down all novelty and enthusiasm. Thus Wesley went out, and Wesleyan Methodism sprang into existence. It was better that it should exist, even if uncatholio, than otherwise, for it had been a power for good. In England there had been a want of hearty union between the clergy and the people, but there Was rising a more earnest and catholic spirit—not a Roman Catholic feeling, but a spirit of-Christian though ho could not say whether the Church would recover itself, and be come the Church of the whole English- speaking peoples of : the - world. A more, earnest spirit was wanted. It was not enough that they should take pews and pay pew rents, for if they had no more dutifulness, Christian dutifulness, than that, they were dead: He longed to see the masses in church, for all souls were alike precious, and he urged upon everyone the obligation to seek not only to have in his own soul the love of God, but to extend to others the blessings of the faith. The archdeacon again addressed the meeting, -and in a speech full of earnest and reverent counsel urged the necessity of Christian life, life that went out in beneficent action for the good of others, so that the “ old ship,” though aground or at anchor now, might again sail forth freighted with all the infinite blessings of God to the people. A vote of thanks to the chair, passed on the motion of the Rev. R. T. Cummins, and the benediction pro nounced by the very rev. the dean, closed the pro ceedings. 