THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. . S "«e- happy to inform provompnt in tho coiiSfliSPnl.lr0£SS JameS M'Koan. Ho was very much better this morning, and quite conscious. Lieutenant Panteii. — This gentleman, it would seem, or at least tho position ho occupies, is cavillod at by a number of per sons, for what roason it is difficult to say. The question is to be put in the House to night, What are his qualifications ? . Tho Hon. J. G. Franoiri will ' anBwer the query, it is to be hoped, to the satisfaction of: hori. members. ' ' ' The Latrobe Ward Election.— Mr. W. II. Farmer, solicitor, is spoken of as a candi date for . this ward. Dr. Gillbee's name is also mentioned. A requisition is in course of signature to present to Mr. A. K. Smith. North-eastern Railway" Extension. — Tho memorial preseuted.by 'a deputation yes terday, to Sir .T. McCullocli, praying that the formatiori of tho wholo of the' No'rth-oastern Railway Extension might bo prosecuted with vigor, boro the signatures of the Mayors and Presidents, and the'seals, of tho following local bodies. The Shire Couricils of- Oxley. North O vens, Boechwprth, and Yookandanhan ; thoBoroughB of Beech worth, Chiltem, Wan- garatto, Rutherglcn and Albury ; and the', dndigo and Rutherglon District Road Boards' 1 ' Volunteer Land Warrants. — A meeting' of the board appointed to inquire into appli- iontions'for land warrants will be held at tho Department of Lands to-morrow at 3 o'clock p.m.'- ' ' I The 'New Wharf. — With respect .to tho' ; damage, caused to the foundation of a portion 1 of the nronosed new wharf on the south side of the Yarra, we have authority forstatirig that no arrangement whatever has been made between the Public Works Department and the contractors, to the effect that/the cost of repairing such damage is to be de frayed — half by the department, and half by tho contractors, The department holds itself in no way-bound to meet any portion of such outlay; A- Verdict or £250 aoainst a Brewer.— Woods' and ' Another v. Martin,' was a case that .excited some interest) at the9 County Court' this morning. it seems a person named Jones was the occupant of the Crick eters' Arms, and. Mr. P. J. Martin, brewer, is the landlord. The house was in." the market, it seems arid a' Mr. Wood went to i Martin, to become lessee of the hotel. . The' lease was drawn up, and the terms agreed upon, but it was made a condition that a now fence was to he erocted at Martin's expense. To' bring a long tale to a conclusion, Martin did not put up the fence, and the license was refused by the local licensing bench, on the ground that Martin failed to. carry out his agreement. It Bhould bo considered that Woods paid about £200 to go into the house. Avoraict was given for the plaintiff, damages £250. Mr. G. P. Smith for tho plaintiff ; Mr. Newton for the defendant.' . . , A Wise Resolve —This morning a sea faring man, named Majus Petrie, who has been an inmate of the Sailors' Home for some threo weeks/ went into tho superintendent's office, and informed him that he (Petrie) felt something very strange in his head, and he .was desirous of being placed under proper surveillance. Mr. Albury took .tuo poor follow to the police office, to seo what ought to be dono under the circumstances. Petrie is said to be a well- conducted, sober man. He was ordered to be sent to the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum. The Late Mr. Henry Scott. — With re ference to the statement that Mr. Honry Scott, who was found iu Fiji at tho time of Mr. Baillie's death, was a quiet, inoffensive man, wo have only to isay that a gentleman, an old resident in Collingwood and of high commercial standing, has informed us that Mr. Scott was once charged before tho local police court with firing, or threatening to fire, a pistol at a man who annoyed him, and punished for the offence. Speculation in- Hot-Cross Buns.— Mr. John Mall, the proprietor of five hot potatoo and Bavaloy machines, that traverse the streets of tho city and suburbs nightly, in various directions, thqught that on Good Friday morning last he would do a stroke of business by speculating in the solo of hot- cross buns. Ho, accordingly, ordered 262 dozen from Mr. Cassel, baker, Brunswick- street, Fitzroy, to be ready on Good Friday morning. Mr. Mall called for the buns at half-past four on that morning, but was told, as alleged, that they were not sufficiently baked yet. He, howevor, agreed to take them, observing that thoy would bo fully baked in his machine before any were sold. Three hours were occupied in counting tho multitude of buns, and when the number ordered were counted out, Mr. Mall, like Oliver Twist, wautedeven " more," but eoutdnot obtain them. Accord- ing to a statement made, the recipient of the buns designed for consumption by thie public, was desirous of packing thorn in a bag be longing to Mr. Cassoll, which had contained coke, but he was dissuaded from doing so by the entreaties of Mr. Cassel or one of his men. Tho buns were, at all events, taken away, but when application was afterwards made for £6 14 (id, the price of the buns, at the Jrate of Oil per dozen, aud 3s 6d for paper bags, Mr. Mall declined to pay more than £5 4s fid, on the ground that lie had suffered loss, from the bnns having been insufficiently baked, and been delivered to him too late in the morning. Mr. Cassel sued for tho full amount in the l'itzi-oy Police-office this morning, and Mr. Mills, his solicitor, alleged that Mall disposed of all the buns, and mode ample profit by them. The bench held that as Mr. Mall roccivcd dulivcry of the bunB, he was liable for the amount claimed, and a VCtUlUV WOB, OUUItJtVI C, AVI MUU ouui, minus (id. on account of the prico of the hags being disputed by the , defendant. £1 6s. costs wore awarded. Mr. Mall observed that there was a breach of contract involved in the ease, arid that lie would bring it into a superior court. . Startling Discovery. — Hoon after 5 o'clock on tho morning of the 3rd inst, Mr. John Rhodes discovered a man in tho back yard of his house. Brunswick-street, Fitzroy. He arid his sou rushed iuto the yard, and boldly attacked the intruder. Mr. Rhodes, jun., had armed himself with a revolver, tho contents of which he discharged into the air, on going into the yard, with a view to inti midating the presumed robber, whom tho holder of the fire-arm expressed his intention to shoot on tlic .spot if he attempted to leave before the police arrived. An officer' of tho public peace was at onco sent for, and the'snppcsid thief was given into custody. lie was brought up at the Fitzroy Police-office this morning, ivhori it appoarod that his namo was Joseph Cavenrigh, agod 24, described 'as a' laborer. : It was shown by ovidence that tho young man boro an excellent charaotei-, and that, while undor tho influence of a littlo liquor, ho wandered into-Mr. Rhodes' yard,, but had no felonious intent. Ho was discharged. Mail Returns. — Return showing the number of letters, paokots, and newspapers recoived at, arid despatched from, Yiotoria, per P. and O. Royal Mail steamships, during tho month of April, 1S71 Recoived per Avoca, 40,964 letters, 22S6 packets, 95,527 newspapers. Dispatched per Rangoon : 38,674 lottors, 829 packets, 45,913 nowB-' papers. Total, 79,638 letters, 3115 packots, 141,440 newspapers. Mr. Mars Miller. — Tho momorial pre sented to tho Chiof Secrotary by residents of Brunswiok, praying that Mr. Mars Miller riaiglit lio' removed from the office Of roturri- ing-officor for tho East Bourko boroughs, has been under the. consideration of tho 'Exocu- tive, but with what result has not tran spired. How the Money Goes.— An instaneo of. ' tie way in which the money subscribed by tho public for the support of tho Benevolout , Asylum, is sometimes improperly and negli gently expended,- was afforded in tho Hotham police office this morning, and was ani- iiiadvefted unnn bv tho chairman of the bench. A woman ' named .Elizabeth Smith, aged' 55, was brought front tho Benevolent Asylum as a lunatic. It scorned that tho woman was received into the Benevolent Asylum from Brighton ten days ago, boing then a lunatic. When Dr. Patrick Smith, vjuut, uiscovered the mental state of the woman, ho at once took tho nocessary steps to have hor romoved to a lunatic asylum, but in the meantime the Benevolent Asylum was at -the expense of keeping hor for ton days, and now has had to pay £2 10s fid medical fees, and. the aost of removal of tho patient to the Yarra Bend Asylum. _ Dr. Smith .staged that the woman was received into the institution by tho com- rilifcteo without his knowledge. ! ,The Melbourne Cricket Club in a Police Court.— We .understand that tho loasee of tho bars for selling liquors on the Melbourne Cricket Olub ground, is to bo pro;; ceedod against, for acting as a publican without a license. . ' , j A Humiliatinc Sight. — A melancholy spectacle was witnessod at the Hotham police station to-day. About 1 o'clock a police constable was aeon conveying a young girl, who, could not be more than fourteon or fifteen -years of age, iu a helpless, state of intoxication, into tho lock-up. He had picked her up, it seomod, in the gutter ,ia Levisou-street. . .The constablo aud jhis prisouet wore followed -to the station-house ' by ' an immense crowd 'of children and young' persons, who were |at tho time enjoying pfiy-time from school, . and than some of whoiri the yonthful ine briates was not much older. It was stated that the girl lived with an elder sister and a younger brother off Queensberry-street, and that they belonged to a good family in' Eng- < land, and expected to become some .time the nossessora of cnnsifferahlH ni-nnorfcv. The Question .op Night Licenses.— Mr. Carroll," landlord of the Royal Mail hotel, Swans ton-street, arid Mr. Eager, of tho Cornwall Arms, Bourke-street east, wore summoned this morning before Mr. Call, P.M., for an infringement of the Wines and Spirits Amendment Act. Mr. Ireland, Q C. , was to havo ap peared, but in cousequeuce of some mis apprehension .with reference to the day, that gentleman was not present, and an adjourn ment was made until to- morro w at 11 o'clock at the District Court. The Case of the Publican Sullivan. — Mr. Evans, revenue inspector, summoned Mr. Sullivan, publican; beforo the District Court this morning, for soiling liquor without a license. It seems that Sullivan's license was refused, and this morning he applied to Mr. Justice Barry, in Chambers, .to compel tho magistrates to grant the license. His Honor,' nowover, refused it, with £3 3s costs. In the lower court, Sullivan was fined £5 0s, with £1 53 costs,, for disposing of liquors, without having a license. The Hon. Charles Gavan Duffy.— We havo been informed that this gentleman has so far recovered from his acoident that he will take his seat in Parliament this even ing. The Chairman op Committees. — Mr. B. G. Davies, it is said, will oppose Mr. F, L. Smythe for the position of Chairman of Com mittees. The 'Gaol. — Daring yesterday Mr.' Wright, Sheriff of Melbourne, attended at the gaol for tho.purposo of officially annonnc- ing the determination come to by tho Hon. the Chief Secretary in respect to tho report of the board appointed to inquire into the conduot of Warders M'Cabo and Coagrove, who were on duty during the late escape of prisoners from tho gaol. The warders in question were brought before Mr. Wright, who then .made .known that M'Cabo must consider himself dismissed, and that Cosgrove was to be aogradod in rank to the lowest class. The effect of this on Cosgrove will be that he loses o Is per diem. His stipend before tho escape was 7s 6d per day ; he. will now get but Cs 6d per day, and furthermore his chances of promotion are much moro re mote than thoy were, as ho had worked his way up to a rather high grade in his deport ment. The measures adopted by the Chief Secretary will in all probability tend to make the warders keep their eyes open for tho future, particularly when mounting guard — a proceeding on their part which will avert from them tho punishment meted out to their comrades for what was considered a gross violation of duty. 1 Fire at the Meat Preserving Works. —A great fire broke out last night at tho Victoria Moat Preserving Company's works, Footsoray. The fire was. observed, about half-past seven, at the north Bide of the No. 1 testing room, but it travcUed into No. 2. on tho opposite side, and set fire to the tal low and melting honBe, over which was tho paint shop, which was totally destroyed. The tin shop and boning room were saved. A largo amount of preserved meat was destroyed. The origin of the conflagration is attributed to the spontaneous combustion of some rubbish which had accumulated over the boiler in No. 1 testing room. It is a surprising fact tbat there wore no water appliances on tho premises in case of fire. Insurances on the. building oxist in several offices. Police Reward Fund. — During tho past week tho following payments have been made from the police reward fund : — To Constable O'Connor, at Melbourne, £1, in acknowledgment of his sorvicos in stopping a runaway horse at great personal risk. To Detective Hyland, £3 ; Dotectivo Hartney, £2 ; and Detective Christie, £2, havo been awarded in acknowledgment of their ser vices in tho arrest and prosecution of Thomas Crossley and Walter Clare, each sentenced to four years and three years on separate charges of burglary. Appointment, — At tho meeting of the Town Council of Fitzroy, held last night, Mr. J. Wilson Kerr was appointed town clovk of Fitzroy, vice Mr. J. W. Gilchrist, ...l i i , ii... wiiu u«iu rcttigaeu taaii puoibion. Post Office Savings Banks. — A return laid beforo Parliament shows that the de- posits placed in Post Office Savings Banks for the year 1870 amounted to £2-12,192 3s Gd. On the 31st December of tho same year thero was a balance of £279,550 4s 4d to tho credit of depositors. The expenditure for the year was estimated at £12,890 9s Gd. The Alfred Hospital. — Tho usual wcokly meeting of the committeo of the Alfred Hos pital was hold yesterday, the hon. Jas. Sorvice in the chair. The thanks of the committeo wore tendered to Mr. John Mackenzie for tho use of his office for tho committee meet ings up to the present. The question of fur- nisliing the dead-house was referred to the building committee. A communication from tho secretary of the Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney, asked that the plans of the hospital and tho fittings which had turned outTTr ! factorily, might be scut to the commit! J I that institution. Referred to the ffteef A letter was read from Mr. T M r.Vii stone, chairman of tho medical staff i," pressing an opinion onbolialf of thostaff iu it was desirable that tho secretary should rcsido on tho promises ; but tho oxiatinr.1 f rangemont was not altered. It wasintm,;," I that Dr. Mueller had agreed to rive » nSd of trees for planting Vtho sum of £30 was votod for carryiricmt «,a I work. Tho state of tho ilio'uso was renLfe I to ba as follows :— Admitted durine'thn l t I week, G i disohargod, 2 ; deaths l - r«m f in' tho hospital, 18 patients.' Number "J?! out-patients treated during tho week <n casualties, 46. Ji : j ' Presbyterian Assembly. — Tho Comm- I sion of the Gonoral Assombly of tho plu13' | torian Church of Victoria mot again vestn,A y" I Tho Rev. J. K. Maomillnn presented i SZ" I for tho yoar 1870. 122 ministers wore settl. l i m charges, and 18 Unattached. The numh I of distiuot pastoral charges was 130 m. I were 256 churches belonging to tho d!?1 f nation. Tho. whole number of persot wt" 1 worshipped in: Presbyterian cougresitLw t was 44,863. Tho communicants number I 12,000.' Tho number of' children atS'd 1 'Sabbath-scliools was sot, down at 18 S3? M 2113 besides, wore attending Biblo ' IS There were 1874 Sabbath-sohool tcaX' 1 These numbers showed a large incre-2" I in every department over tho provioiu. JZ? i Tho total contributions for tho 1 amounted to £66, 120. Tho subscription the widows and orphans fund, agod and in firm ministers fund, and theological hill would- raiso. the.. inoomo . of tho ohurehfi! 1870 to about £70.000. , There were twelve ministers who had stipends under £200 a„i eighteen ministers 1 with stinendn t:._ aooo te faoo, the having stipends of £300. and upward Tte < report, of. tho committeo on statist?. Adopted. The Assoiribly cxponses foij announced to show an tetimafedS for November next of £205 1, 71l u n0J intimated that £4000 was the 'nm-oL money of tho Assombly hall (St , Church). Fourteen .hundred pounds ted ' been already- subsonbod for tho nm-Ji of which - £850 was in fts B ' In the' evening sitting ; the overt : tho ! Presbytery of Geefong,6 SiveWJr powers of trustees of church property "! ' remitted to tho law committee. It J' a ' Oidod that .students who had studied in «, ; technological halls of another Prel L'l Church, should, if recomniendcd by tfc '. bytery within whose bounds- thoV resided ? in this colony, be admitted ad Lh?, SlmbIy aong.the sMents in their 1 haU YWthoutRndcrgoing an examination L 1 the board. Two scries of. resolutions on ft, S education question, tho one moved bv tho M Rov. A. Robertson, and tho othor hi ihl:® Rev. Dr. M'Donald, avero next discussed 1 It was- moved by the Rev. J. K. M'MilC I .that a committeo should he appointed to take & into consideration thoi whole subject, and to H' form a series of resolutions ombodyinz those E already submitted and tho result ot the wholo Ei discussion. This was carried, and the com. 1 mittoo was appointed; accordingly, it was 1 announced that tho Rov. G. Msckie would I ;bo nominated for the' office of moderator I Technological Lecture xt. nl a Foord lectures this evening, at tho Indus- i trial and Technological Museum. The sub ject down is " Tho Manufacture of Pottery " and tho lecture will bo illustrated with practical examples.. Ths committee seem to be laudably . anxious to rive overy possible, aid to the lecturer, and facility for compre hension' to tho audienco, and we understand ' that tho whole " art and mystery" of pottery " will bo sot forth. The doors of the lecture- li haU open at 7.30, and the lecture begins at 8\. Admission by freo ticket, or payment of '4 Gd. at the door. - . ! The Convent at Abbomford We have i been requested to state that tho Art Union ' of prizes which was to havo taken placo at the Convent of the Good Shepherd, at I Abbotsford, has been postponed until the ; end of the present month. | The Oi'ERAi— The present season is rapid. S ly drawing to a close, in order that furtherp preparations may be made for tho Italian® artists who ore shortly to appear at thefi Princess Opera, under engagement to llesmMi Lyster and Smith. It is satisfactory to knoFKa that the subscription lists are finding a tmdfij sale, and a brilliant season will probably betfy tho .result. . Last evening the " GrandpJ; Duchess " was repeated, and to-night Mia(« Alice May will again appear as "TheDaueb-rt ter of the Regiment." " |S Haymarkbt Theatre.— For a moat nn-p promising night, the audience at the Hay- ra market Theatre waB .a very good one last k night, and this was doubtless owing to tbe destro felt by' many to hear the now song, fe " Put mo in my littlo bed," whioh was giveul for tho first tinio last evening, and wo mnstl say, vuub pubviug asiae vne viouu soios C'.l La Fuciliado, this song was decidedly the most attractive feature in an entertainment exceedingly good throughout. Mr. Hallam, a new addition to the company of minstreb, sang the ballad with great taste and judg ment ; in fact, we never heard him sing to greater advantago, and the manner in which the chorus and refrain were given, made it evident that careful rehearsal had been attended to, . for the company have dene nothing hotter since tho commencement of their season at the Haymarket. The music of tho song is particularly pleasing, and tho soonio ' effects very much enhance tho interest attached to the rendering of it. A hearty encore followed, auother terse being sung, and beautifully too, by Mr. Hallam, and another encore was escaped by tho merest chance. This new song should hold its own for many nights to come. In securing tho assistance of Mr. Hallam, tbe company' is materially strengthened. In Feuillado obtained an encore for his violin Bolos, which were perfect. " Going to the Shuckin " has one great fault— it is much too short hut for all that, it is provocative of immenso laughter, and is very enjoyable. Tho reBt of tho pdrfornianco was the same as on Tuesday night. To-morrow night two fresh things, in the shupooftho " Ghost in a Pawnshop," nnd a burlesque version of tho "Daughter of the Regiment," will be placed 9 on tho boards. „ Theatre Royal. — " Nicholas Nicklcuy H was repeated-, last evening at the Theatre Royal to a moderately filled honso, and went as Yvell as on the first night of its production on tho boards of tho ltoyal. Mr. CoPP1"3 Squoers is a capital performance, and tie same be said of Mr. Howe's Nowman Nog®, though some persons may .say that gentle man has misooneeivod tho character. Mu Julia Edouin's rendering of Smiko u very clover. "Billy Barlow a _ opinion of things in general, politically. . otherwise," was as usual received plause. "Kathleen Mavournoen and concluded tho programme. The ? take it as a whole, is too veriest mod has been our lot to witness for some Tho plot, if it can be colled a plot, j? . , closely upon tho "Colleen Bown, ,n.' , having tno hotter touches of that i Tho. principals, howevor, mado as mn they could out of tho extremely e that thoy had to go upon. . . . t, Apolla Hall.— There ivas a tur tendance of visitors last ovomng at in ./ exhibition, and everything wen' t smoothness, and to tho satisfaction audience. This evening, Mr. Margate a bonefit. _ . 56riei .Popular Concerts.— The iirat.of a , of popular concerts and readings will t r, ., this evening, in tho Mechanics Emerald Hill. Moat of the poPJ favorites will assist, and as this u .j. of tbo season, a largo aiidicnco may cipatod. . Professor S., of Hartford, day, that he felt uncomfortably stiff — oaught cold, porhaps — and he I y on a lounge and requested his fn knoad and rub him after the mv® .cst. style. W. gently boat him on tlie v " How hollow it sounds, said h, i , : looking ou. tf Tliat's notiiing, 'Mvait till t get: to his heat!.' 