VICTORIA. Steps are being taken towards having Sandbhurdt proclaimed a city. I A ld d named Henry Tuoker, aged 14 years, was admitted into the Alfred Hospital suffering from aleoholie poisoning. The boy, who is em* plyged ae a oewevendor, was found by a constable lying in an insenslble condition near. the Juqo tion, St Klida. It was ascertained that he had drunk a glngerbeer bottleinl of rum. Th stomach-pump was applied, and he gradually roe covered. A most violent outrage was committed on Wednesday afternoon, 12th lost., at the Colling. wood branch of the Commerclal Bank, in Smith; street. About a quarter to 3 o'clock a men went itOp the bank, and tendered a cheque to Mr A Jamlo. son, the manager, for payment. The cheque was drawn on the Melbourne branch for £12, and was signed by " Guthrie." The manager was In the act of telling the man that it would be neces. sary to obtain some known endoraation before it could be cashed at that bank, when tbe stranger took a piece of leal weighing about 21b from his pocket, and threw it with all'his strength at Mr Jamleson. The miasil sotruck, him In the chest, breaktng a rIb, oand for a:momneot depriving him of consolousness. The an'rasn round the end of the counter, and was' approaehlng Mr Jamleson, when Mr G, F,' Williams, tha .ubh.poouciant, orme to hies asslltane. 'The man drew beck, and took out .a alln made of a ploec of lead weighing' about Bos tlod up in the and ofa hankerbhlef. Air Jamleson called out for ashsitance, and several of the noleghbors came rushing in, on which the man made off, Ile was pursued down Langridgeostreet, and alter a short ohase hbe was captured, and lodged In the PFteroy ioek.up. [o gives the name of Chas. hloarehll, and s'ys he has been employed as a labshorer, but does not state where,' 'Ileo i about 6lt. iln. high, and shout 40 years of age. Before going into the book he took off a heavy overcoat; and left It up a right.of.way, so that he weont into the bank evidently prepared for a severe struggle. The pyisoner will be brougst before. the Fitzroy Polle Court this day on a chargo of unlawful nssaolt. If is supposed that he had chosen the time at which the attempt was made because the managet was usually aloue at that hoor, the sub. eccountant being .away making the bank ex. changes i but noother'suppositloo is that the man is of unsound mind, and the pollece inalioe to this view. Some persona think him identical witht a man who adme time ago threatened Ito shoot Sir James M'Onlloch.-=Argue. The wellkonown flatracer Mileslso," and the two.year old colt Seaweed, were porchased yester., day by Mr G. Lewis for:the Indian market;. Mr' Cleeland has now disposed of all his racing stud, and the well~known colors, grey and gold, will he seen on the Flemlngon couerse no ,more. Mr Lewis has also purchased The Fawn, by Pauln, and the steeplechaser Fearnought. All four horses will be shipped for Calcutta in a day. or two.-Argue, 11th lonstant. A narrow escape from being burnt to death oecured at Brunswick at an early hour on Tace. day morning, .13th instant, to a young man named James M'Kay, in the employ of Mr W. Prowee, Albion.atreet. Ills mate states that MKay wase very restless all night, and got up between a and 4 o'clock in the morning, saying he would milk the cows ; but being told It was too early he went into the sittlngroom, and made up a good fre, taking his bed out and lying down in front of it, where he fell asleep. Some of the coal rolled off the fire, and igniting the bedding soon enveloped the nofortunatoe inan in flames. He ruehed screaming into the bedroom, and the flames were with groat difDoulty put out. He was at once conveyed to the Hospitall. The local correspondent of the Ballarat Statr writes :-' Time, instead of lessening belief in the Burnt-bridge ighost, has rather lntensified that feeling, end this is partioularly true of on of the party from Lia Lal that visited the haunted house. This person Is so imbued whith fear ever since, thtat he is almost prostrate. On Friday night a crowd gathered around him lo his dwelling to hear his version of. the adventure, when, from some cause, the visitors onceremonlooely rushed out. Finding himself thus left'tho' sole oeccupant of the hoose, he hastily snatched up a blanket, buhot his excessive confusion and hurry lelt his bhat oand boots behind, and applied all available speed in making his escape to my house, distant about 60 yards, and pitifully implored admittance. ise said he muest have travelled the distance in 13 bounds, so great was his terror, and he seriously congratulated himseolfon his cood fortone in not coming bump against a tree. Just fancy a man about 45 years of ago, sod about 6ift 6in high, with hair standing on end, barefooted and bareheaded, cleariog huge logs and other ob. structions as if the arch.flond himself were at his heels, from sheer terror from a ghost, and you have a laithful picture of the man on Fridu; night. At Clarendon, a party of men of un* doubted bravery is organislong to challenge the ghost at his haunt, and they propose to furnish themselves with firearms in case of meeting resistance, Should the scheme be carried out, I may have to tell you before long of more converts to the new faith." 