HANNAH.* Br the AuraoB of " John Halifax, Gentleman." " kane ever feared that the truth should be heard, hut those'whom the truth wad indite." —burns. Chapter XII. As we walk along, staggering under some heavy burthen, or bleeding with some unseen wound, how often do the small perplexities of life catch at us unawares, like boats, and vex us sore, natulan, as sne, xeu neneii bome fast away from Easterham, conscious of a sense, half of relief, and half of bitter loss, was conscious, too, of a ridicnlonsly small thing which had not occurred to her till sow, and which ehe would never have cored for on her own account, but she did on Bernard's, This was—How would Lady Dunsnnqre manage to receive back In her household, as an equal and familiar friend, her cideixmt governess T Not that Miss Thelloson had ever been treated in'the way Sovernesses are said to be treated, though it iUsually their own fault; but she had, of course, taken her position, both'with gnests and servants, simply as the governess, and never sought to alter It. Bnt this* position Bosie's aunt and Mr. .Rivera's Bister-iu-law could no longer suitably hold. As the cab , drove op to the old family mansion in May fair, which she knew to well, Hannah felt a sense of unpomfortableness for which she was almost angry with herself. Bnt it was.needless. Lady Dunsmore had that true nobility which, discovering the same in others, recognises it at once, anq acts ac cordingly, The Jriight difficulty which an inferior woman might have bungled over, •The right Of republishing " Hannsh"! bM been purchased bythe proprietors " The Australasian." she, with her gracious, graceful frankness, solved at once. " You will establish Miss Tbelluson and her niece in the blue rooms," said she to the housekeeper, who. seeing who the arrival was, came forward with a pleased but patronising air. "And see that everything is made com fortable for the child and nurse, and that my friend here shall feel as much at home as if she were in her own house." "Certainly, my lady." And the wise old woman slipped quietly behind her back the hand she was extending to Miss Thelluson, till Miss Tbelluson took and Bhook it cor dially, then curtseying, Mrs. Rhodes followed her respectfully to the blue rooms, which, as everybody knew, being in communication with the countess's, were never assigned but to her favourite guests. Thus, domestically, the critical point was settled at once. Socially, too, with equal decision. "My friend, Miss Thelluson," said Lady Dunsmore, introducing her at once to two ladies, aunts of Lord Dunsmore, who were in the drawing-room, and whom Haunah knew well enough, as they her, by Bight " We are so glad to have her back among us, with her little niece. She will be such a welcome visitor, and my little girls will perfectly spoil the child, if only for her sake; they were so fond of Miss Tbellusou." And when, to prove this, Lady Blanche and Lady Mary came in leading little Kosie between them, and clung lovingly round their old governess's neck, Hannah felt per fectly happy—ay, even though Bernard was far away ; and the remembrance of him striding forlornly to his deserted home came across her like a painful, reproachful vision. And yet it was not unnatural. The transition from perplexity to peace, from suspicion to tender respect, from indifference or coldness to warm welcoming love, was very sweet Not until the strain was taken off her did Hannah feel how terrible it had been. When Lady Dunsmore, as if to prove de cisively the future relation in which they were to Btand, came into her room before dinner, and sitting down iu her white dressiag-gown before the hearth—where aunt and niece were arranging a beautiful Noah's ark—put her band on Miss Thellusou's shoulder, saying, "My dear, I hope you will make yourself quite happy with us,"—Hannah very nearly broke down. The Countess stooped and began caressing the child, making solemn inquiries of her as to Noah and Mrs. Noah, their sons and sous' wives, and arranging them in a dignified procession across the rug. "What a happy-looking little woman she is—this Rome! And I hope her auntie is happy too ? As happy as she expected to be?" Hannah's self-control was sorely tested. This year past she had lived in an atmosphere of mingled bliss and torment, of passionate love and equally passionate coldness: been exposed to alternations of calm civility and rudeness almost approaching unkindness: but it was long since any one—any woman— had spoken to her in that frank, affectionate tone. She felt that Lady Dunsmore under stood her; aud when two good women once do this, they have a key to one another's hearts, such as no man, be he ever so dear, can quite get hold of. As Hannah laid her cheek against the pretty soft hand—none the less soft that its grasp was firm, and none the less pretty that it sparkled with diamonds—the tears came stealing down, and with them was near steal ing out that secret which all the taunts iu the world wouid never have forced from her. But it must not be. It would compromise not herself alone. She knew well—she had long made up her mind to the fact—that unless Bernard and she could be legally married, the relations between them must be kept strictly between their two selves. The world might guess as it chose—accuse as it chose, but not one confirmatory word must it get out of either of them. Out of her, cer tainly. it never should. Therefore, she looked steadily up into her friend's face. Yes ; my little girl makes me very happy. You were right in once saying that a woman is only half a woman till she has a child. Of her own, you meant; but it is true even if not her own. I have found it to be so. I have almost forgotten that I am not Rosie's real mother." And then, aware of a keen inquisitiveness j in Lady Dunsmore's look, Hannah blushed violently. The Countess dropped down again beside Noah's ark, and occupied herself, to Rosie's intense delight, iu making a bridge over which all the animals could pass out, till the child and her new playfellow became the best of friends. " Rosie is not much like her father, I think; and yet she has a look of him—his bright, merry look, such as he had before bis trouble came. Is he getting over it at all ? It is now a good while since your poor sister died." " Rosie's age tells it--nearly three years." " That is a Jong time for a man to mourn now-a-days. But " checking herself, "I always thought Mr. Rivers very faithful hearted, constant in his friendships, and, therefore, in his loves; and knowing how forlorn a man is who has once been married, I, for one, should never blame him if he made a second choice." Hannah was silent; then seeing Lady Dunsmore paused for some acquiescence, she gave it in one or two meaningless words. "And meantime, I conclude, you remain at Easterham. Your brother-in-law evidently appreciates your society, and the blessing you are to bis little girl. He said as much to me. He told me he did not know what Rosie would have done without you, and that you and she are never to be parted. Is it so ?'' " He has promised me that I shall have her "Even in case of his second marriage? But I beg your pardon, I really have no right to be curious about Mr. Rivera's domestic arrange ments—I know him too slightly: but yet I cannot help taking an interest in him, for his own sake as well as for yours." She pressed the band she held, but asked no further question—made no attempt whatever to find ont what Hannah did not ohoose to toll. That noble confidence which exists among women oftener than thejr are given credit for, when each knows quite .well the other's secret, but never betrays either to her friend or a stranger the silent, mutual trust was henceforward established between the two. The moment Lady Dunsmore had closed the door, after talking a good while of Dunsmore topics, of her daughters, her hus band, and a journey she wanted to take, only was hindered by Lord Dunsmore's determina tion to wait and vote forabill that he greatly desired to see pan the House of Lords—" the Bill concerning deceased wife's sisters, in which you know be was always so interested" —Hannah felt certain that wis sharp-witted little lady, guessed her whole position as well as if she had told ib Also that she would keep the discovery herself, and aid in defend ing it from the outside world, as sacredly as if she had been pledged to inviolable secrecy, and bound by the honour of all the Dacres and Duqsmores. With a sense ofeelf-respect, and self-con tentedness, greater than she had known for some time, Hannah dressed for dinner. Carefully too for Bent trd's sake;—since if the Countess guessed anything, she would have liked her to feel that it was not so un natural Bernard's loving her. Oa his ac count she was glad to be held an honoured guest; glad to be met cordially, and talked to with courteous attention at dinner-time by a man like the Earl of Dunsmore. Wno, though rumour said his wife had made him all that be was—had roused him from the dolce far nienle life of an (die young noble man into a hard-working man, was a per ion who in any rank of life would have been useful and esteemed. And he spoke of Bernard—whom he said he had met several times when in London—with warm regard. This was sweet to her; and equally sweet was the unconscious contrast of coming back to her old haunts under new conditions and circumstances. Often, during some pause of silence, she secretly counted up her blessings —how rich she was who had once been so poor. And when, at dessert, there stole in, band- in-band with little Lady Isabel, who had grown from a baby into a big girl since Mus Tbeilnson left, a certain whits fairy in bine ribbons, who, looking ronnd the dazzling room with a pretty bewitderednes*, caught sight of one known face, and ran and hid her own lovingly in Tannie's lap,—Tannie's heart leaped with joy. The child—her own child!—nothing ana nobody could take that treasure from her. She and Bernard might never be married ; weary of long waiting, he might give up loving her, and marry some one else ; but he was a man of honour—he Would always leave her the child. "Rosie does yon the greatest credit," said Lord Dunsmore, smiling at the little woman, and trying to win her—but vainly—from Tannie's arms. " She is a charming child." Hannah laughed. " Then yon will endorse the proverb about old maids children?" said she. Was it becanse he looked at her, or because of her own conscious heart, that one of those horrible sndden blnshescame, and with it the sense of hypocrisy—of always bear ing about with her a secret, which, sinless as she felt it was, everybody might not consider so. For even this night, though, the dinner circle was small—Lord Dnnsmore's known advocacy of the Bill, caused it to be .discussed on all sides—argued pro and con. by friends and enemies, in a way that neither host nor hostess could repress without attracting at tention. At length, perhaps oat of wise kindness, they ceased trying to repress it, and Hannah heard the whole question of whether a man might or might not many hid deceased wife's sister argued oat logically and theologi cally, as she had nfever heard it before, together with all the legal chances for and against the Bill. She could not shnt her ears —she dared not: for what to all these others was a mere question of social or political opinion, was to her a matter of life and death. So she sat quiet, keeping, by a strong effort, her countenance as still as a stone, and her voice, when she had to speak, jost like that of any other dinner-table guest, who joined placidly, or carelessly, or combatively, in the conversation that was going on. It was best so; best to buckle on at once the armour that, in all probability, she wonld have to wear through life. Lord Dunsmore seemed hopefnl of his cause. He had entered into it, unlike many others, from purely impersonal motives— from a simple sense of right and justice; and he had a strong faith, he said, that the right wonld conquer at last. "Not,"he added, laughing, "thatI want to compel every man to marry his deceased wife's sister, as some people seem to think I do; I am sure I have not the slightest wish ever to marry mine! Bat I consider all restrictions upon marriage made by neither God nor nature a mistake and a wrong. And any law which creates a false and unnatural position between man and woman is an equal wrong. Let there be no shams. a Let a man have his natural mother, sister, wife, bnt no anomalous relationships which, pretending to all, are in reality none of the three." "And," said Lady Dunsmore, mischiev ously, " such is the nature of man, that when all these pretty pretences were broken down, and a man most either marry a lady or have nothing to say to her, I believe he wonld choose the latter course. Yon are such con tradictory creatures, yon men, that I suspect as soon as all of yon might marry yonr wives' sisters, you would none of yon desire to do it! Bat, come, we ladies have had enough of the Marriages Bill, though every body must put up with it in this house; for when my husband gets a hobby he rides it to death. I ride witn him, too, on this one," she added, as stepping aside to let her matron guests pass into tne dining-room, she quietly, and without any apparent intention, took hold of Miss Thelluson's hand. There was something in the warm, firm clasp, so sympa thetic, that for very gratitude Hannah could have wept The subject ended with the closing of the dining-room door ; no one suspecting for a moment that one gnest present had a vital interest therein. The ladies gathered round the fire, and the Countess, who was as popular and agreeable with her own sex as she was with gentlemen, began talking gaily of other things. And ao Hannah's ordeal, from which no one could save her, from which it would have been dangerous to attempt to save her, passed by for the time being. It was a very happy evening; not exactly a family evening—the public life the Dunsmorea led precluded thatr—but with a great deal of f amiliness about it; more than Hannah had ever imagined conld be, in the days when she sat aloof in her attic parlour, and spent her lonely evenings, empty of love, and feeling that love would never revisit her more. Now, when she saw Lord Dunsmore speak caressingly to his wife, and watched one young couple slip away into the inner parlour—Lady Dunsmore had a proverbial faculty of allowing young people to fall in love at her house; not make a marriage, bat really fall in love—Hannah remembered, with a strange leap of the heart, that her love days, too, were to come—not past, . Yes. she had been loved—she was loved— even like these. She had felt onoe—jost once —Bernard's arms close around her, and his kiss upon her month; and when, solemnly and tenderly rather than, passionately, aha thought of this—in the very house and among the very people where she had onoe been so lonely, yet not nnbleet or discontented in her loneliness—it seemed as if Bhe could never be lonely any more. • When she quitted the drawing-room coming ont of the glitter and the show, yet not unreal or painful show, for there was heart warmth beneath it all—and went back into her own room, Hannah was happy too. For there, from a crib in the owner, came the soft breathing of "auntie's dading," who always slept besiae her now.. She had taken her during some slight illness of Grace's, and could not again relinquish the fond charge. It gave her snoh a sense of rest, and peace, ana content—the mere consciousness of little Rosie asleep beside her—it seemed to drive away all the evil angels that sometimes haunted her, the regrets and despondencies over a lot that snoh a. little, more would have made quite perfect ; and yet that Utile muld not bo. KrL'rots, all the sharoir that iliey were not altogether for herself. For sheliad Ro>ie ; aod she wns secretly, almost contritely, aware that Kosie wus almost enough to make her hapoy. Not so with Bernard. As she sat over her pleasant tire, she could have blamed herself for that jieace of henrc in which he could not share. lie had begged her to write to him regu larly, Hnd she had agreed ; for she saw no reason why both should not take every com fere that fate allowed them. Yet wiun she eat down she knew not what to say. How was she to write to him—as her brother, her fin-nd, her betrothed? He was all three, and jet neither; and he might never be auychiui cl"-e. She dropped her pep, and fell into deep thought. Putting herself entirely aside, wn it right to allow Bernard, a young man in the prime of bis day, to bind himself by an un certain bond, which debarred him from the natural joys of life, and exposed him to the continual torment of hope deferred, which to a woman would be hard enough, bat to a man was all but unendurable. Now that she was away from Easterham— escaped from the night-mare-like influence of the life, half bliss, half torture, which she had led there—she tried to feel in this new place like a new person, and to judge her own position calmly, a9if it had been that of some one else. She thought over, deliberately, every word she had beard from Lord Duns more and others that night, and tried to count what reasonable chances there were of the only thing which could ever make her Ber nard's wife—the passing of the Bill they had talked about. Vain speculation—as hundreds in this land know only too welL The result was, that instead of the letter she had meant to write, she sat down and wrote another. Such ah one as many a woman has written, too, with bleeding heart and streaming eyes, though the words may have been calm aud cold. She implored lum for bis own sake Co consider whether he could not conquer his ill f&ted; love for herself, and find among the many charming girls he was always meeting, some one whom he could love and marry, and be happy. " 1 only want you to be happy," she wrote. " I shall never blame you—never tell any human being you once cared for me. Aud yon will think of me tenderly still—as you do of my aster Rosa. And you will leave me Rosa's child?" Then she planned, in her clear, common sense way, how this was to be managed; haw be was to pay her a yearly sum—she would refuse nothing—for the maintenance of her niece, whom she would herself educate, perhaps abroad, which would make an osten sible reason for the .separation. . "She will comfort me for all I lose, more : than you think. She will be a bit of her mother and of you, always beside me; aud your letting me take care of her will be al most equivalent to your taking care of me, as , yon wanted to do, but my hard fate would not allow it" . t And then all she was resigning rushed back upon Hannah's mind ; the sweetness of being loved, the tenfold sweetness of loving. "Oh, Bernard, my Bernard!" she sobbed, , and thought if she could once agaiu, for only one minute, have her arms round his neck, and her head on his shoulder, the giving him up would be less hard. And she wondered how she could have been so thoughtlessly happy an hoar ago, when things were in ex actly the same position as now, only she saw them in a different light., Hers was one of those bitter destinies in which the aspect of circumstances, often even of duties, changed every hour. Still, re-ieading her letter, she felt it must go, just as it was. It was right he should know her exact mind, and be set free to act as was best for herself. She finished and sealed it,; but she wept over it very mucu, so much that her child heard her. A little white ghost with rosy cheeks peeped over the crib-side, and stared, halt frightened, round the unfamiliar room. *' Rosie wake ud ! Tannie tying! Then I Rosie ty too." Then came a little wail— " Tannie take her, in Tannie own arms!" No resisting that All love-anguish, love yeaming, fled far away; and Hannah half forgot Bernard in her innocent passion for Bernard's child. 