MISCELLANEOUS. 'ghosts from the battle-field. - The Paris correspondent ot the Daily Tele graph gives the following highly- coloured account of the return of a few troops from the war:—"There were from 150 to 200 mounted troops, in every kind of cavalry uniform, riding in the loosest of open order, and mingled pell-mell, without distinction of uniform or grade. There did not seem to be any officer in command of this strange squadron. Cuirassiers, hussars, lancers, chasseurs, light dragoons, horse artillery, were all there, higgledy-piggledy, battered, ragged, dusty, dirty, jaded, but not crest fallen. Some were so fatigued that they could scarcely keep up in their saddles, and nodded till the plumes of their helmets mingled with the manes of their horses; but they had still bold words to say, and foul scorn to hurl at the Prussians. These spec tral horsemen, these phantom dragoons, were the remnants of the defeat at Weissenburg. This corporal of hussars was the sole repre sentative of a whole troop; those five lancers the only survivors of an entire squadron. The rest had perished in the fight, or were lying badly wounded in hospital. There is no wounded among these men who had just trooped in from the Eastern Railway Station, and who were on their way to the cavalry depot at Grenelle to be " reformed." Indeed they seemed to need reforming altogether, for unhurt soldiers in a more deplorable sight 1 never saw. They looked eminently wretched, and for long days past had evi dently been wholly divorced from soap, water, towels, and clothes brushes—to say nothing of blacking, heelball, polishing powder, pipeclay, and the other accessories of a smart cavalry soldier's toilet. Dinted back and breast plates, dinted casques, smirched garments, torn plumes, spatter dashes encrusted with a fortnight s mud, and never a clean shirt, I should say, among the lot. Thus they came back a ragged regiment. There was about these fragments, and shreds, and scattered' leaves, whirled from the tempest- tossed battle-held, some thing of an essentially unsubstantial and ghostly character. They looked pale to un earthliness in the gaslight. Their steeds had a shadowy presence, and very soon, instead of resuming their march in a body, these waifs and strays of war scattered, and broke up in twos and threes, and as a body dis solved. I found myself one of a group gathered round a solitary cavalier, a slim lad with, a pale face, who was mounted on a big white horse. He was the kind of statue to ask to supper without the rjsk of fire and brimstone as a nightcap. He was a trum peter, and I fancy blew his own peculiar instrument, oratorically speaking, lustily He told us that the Prussians were smashed, riddled, blown up, crushed, pounded into powder, and stamped out. His own regi ment, he said, had sabred 'mountains of men.' So thickly was the ground cum bered with dead Prussians that the French artillerymen could scarcely wheel their guns along. They would have won the day had. they not been betrayed." THE TREACHERY AN1> CRUELTY OF THE TtJRCOS. A young German soldier who was called upon to join his regiment four days before the day fixed for his marriage, and who took part in the terrible battle of Woerth, hag written a letter to Manchester which con tains the following :—" The battle was won, and our regiment got orders to pursue the enemy. A regiment of Tnrcos came in sight, but before bring able to take them prisoners they put down their weapons, crying, 'Pardon, pardon.' We rode nearer and nearer, and were just about to surround them, myself in the first line, when they all took their guns and gave fire. One ball out of three killed a rider. I got two shots, one in my right shoulder, and the other in the left leg. The murdering scene that followed is not to be described. Ho pardon was given any more; we rode down and killed with our swords whoever we could reach. Two hundred ITurcos out of 800 were killed in half an hour's time, and the ground was covered with dead and dying men. In fact, these blackguards do not deserve pardon. With my own eyes I have seen a Turco cut the ears and tongue of a wounded Bavarian soldier. Although wounded myself I had still power enough to kill that rascal." 