BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. A public son-ice in connection with ttita Dis trict Meeting was held in Young- street Chapol ou Wednesday ovening, when tho Rev. J. Hancock preachod tho official sonnou. Tin discourse was iounooa on a pare or Acts xix. 2, 'Hnvnyc received tho Holy Ghost?' Tho different titles of Holy Spirit wore first referred to, and His attributes wero dwelt upon. Appro priate passages of Scripture wore- poiuted out in which His omnipotence, omniscienco, and omni presence woro cloarly prove-d. It was urgod that thoro was needed more of the Spirit, as experimental godlinoss wa3 impossible apart from His presence. Thoro would bo no lack of earnest labourers in tho service of God if thoy got more power and a richer baptism from on high. After tho sonnou tho ordinance of tho lord's Supper was administered to a large number of communicants. On tho following morning tho sittings woro resumed. A resolution was passed sympathiz ing with the- Rev. J. Way in his failing health, and expressing a high appreciation of his past labours. The- greater part of tho day was occupied in discussing tho desirability of dividing tho circuits which are considered too largo to bo satisfactorily worked. In continuation of the public services of the Bible Christian District Mooting, a aormon was preached by tho Rev. J. Rock on Thursday ovening. Ho selected his text from 1st Pctor, 1. 18-19. After a short introduction, tho preacher dwelt at considerable length on— 1st, the pro curing causo of human redemption. Ho said it was' brought beforo them in a twofold aspect, negative and positive. All tho troasuroa of the earth, all its gold and silvor, were of no value in this groat work; tiny wero bought with a price, but it was no less a price than the blood of the Lamb. ' 'Twas great to speak a world from nought, but greater to redeem.' The transcendant roaulta of this redemption wore worthy of tho deepest medita tion. Two thoughts were chiefly dwelt upon— the bearing of Christ's atoning death upon the moral government of God, and upon the highest interests of the human race. During the sittings of the District Meeting on the following day, several matters affecting tho interests of tho District were earnestly discussed. A report of the spiritual state of tho different circuits war- presentod and carofully and seriously con sidered, and a resolution was pas3dd expressing the opinion of the meeting thereon. 