NOTES AND QUERIES. Mush ingenuity haB been expended in the endeavour to discover on which hand and on which finger the wedding ring was anciently placed. The Jews have a , tradition that Mary, when she espoused Joseph, re- | oeived the ring on her middle finger, hence no Jewish woman wears her bridal ring there, but always on I her forefinger. St. Ambrose in one of his sermons, I calk the third finger, the finger for the ring. Macro bias gives the nursery names of the fingers in the I times of the BomanB ; tho third finger is oalled unu- | lark ; the low Norman name for the same finger is 'John of the seals.' In the ancient ritual of mar raige among the English Baptists, the ring was placed on tho end of the left thnmb with the words, ' In the name of the Father,' then on the forefinger, with the words, *' and of the Son,' then on the middle finger ' and of the Holy Ghost/1 finally on the third, the ring finger, with the closing word, 'Amen.'* The ane'ent Greiks used this finger also, because they believed a nerve to run directly from this finger to the heart. Lemnius saya it is not an artery but a vein, and : modern science shows that there is nothing of the kind in existence. Tbe right brad is the hand of power, hence the wife wcotb the ring on the left hand. Tho third finger is tho only recognised ring finger, though It is true that the statues of the gods had their signets on the forefinger, both in Greece and in Italy. This was on the right hand, but, from convenience and lon^ established custom, the left hand is now generally con sidered the right hand, and the least finger of thai; hand holds the ring. Lemnius says the same finger wap called Medicus, for 'on account of the virtue it de rives from the heart, the old physicians would mingle their medicaments and potions with this finger, becauso no venom can stick upon the very utmost part of it, but it will offend a man, and communicate itself to his heart.' Some married women are so superstitionsly rigid in their notion respecting the weddiog ring, that they will never, even for a moment, take it off their finger, ex tending, it would seem, the expression, 'till death us do part,' even to this golden pledge of matrimony. Among the traditions of wonderful trees, the follow ing will, we have no doubt, prove interesting to our readers. ? The large Golenos oak, which was felled in the year 1810 for the use of His Majesty's navr. crew about four miles from the town of Newport, in Mon mouthshire ; the main trunk, at ten feet long, produced 450 cubic feet ; one limb. 355 ; one ditto, 472 ; one ditto. 235 ; one ditto, 156 ; one ditto, 10G ; one ditto, 113 ; and six other limbs of inferior size averaged ninety -three feet each ; making the whole number 2426 cubic feet of sound and convertible timber. The bark was estimated at six tons ; but as some of the heavy body bark was stolen out of the barge at New port, the exact^ weight is not known. Five men were twenty days stripping and cutting down this tree ; and a pair of sawyers were five montlis converting it, with out losing a day (Sundays excepted). The money paid for converting only, independent of the expense of carriage was, L82 ; acid the whole produce of the tree, when brought to market, was within a trifle of 1 L600. It was bought Etanding for L405. The main trunk was nine feet and a half in diameter, and in sawing it through a stone was discovered six feet from the ground above a yard in the body of the tree through which the saw cut ; the stone was about six inches in diameter, and completely 6hat in, but round whieh there was not the least symptom of decay. Tbe rings in its butt were carefully reckoned, and amounted to above four hundred in number, a convincing proof that this tree was in an improving state for upwards of four hundred years ; and as the ends of some of its branches were decayed, and had dropped off, it is presumed it had stood many years after it had attained maturity. Th:.-; is The Christian Register's report of what a 11 shrewd gentleman' says : 44 A fewweekeago we heard a shrewd gentleman say that if he ever endows a professorship vj any divinity school, it will be a profes sorship of 1?n -peddling. He would enable the iasti tution to keep a Btock of carts and horses and suitable wares, and each student, before receiving his diploma, should be required to spend at least a year in acquiring ? that varied^ and^ comprehensive knowledge of human nature which is not to be obtained from college libraries.' .A Doubtful Policy'. —There is a talk about starting a company to inoure passengers by sea against sea sickness. We don't believe it will be possible to establish a safe sei-sick*cure«ity. 