PARLIAMENT OF VICTORIA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, 2Gth July. The House having met atthe usual Ilour, Mr. G. V. Smith called attention to a promiso (,v the lato Minister of Mines of £2,000 for water supply purposes at Chiltern, and ho did so in order that tho present Minister should be aware of such promiso. Mr. Maekay admitted a conditional promise to the extent of £1,500 for sucli purposes. Mr. M'Lellan said, in reply to Mr. Smith's question, that his predecessor's promise would be carried out in its entirety. Mr. Mackay said that the promise made waa contingent upon a bill being passed for tlio purpose of aiding in constructing local water supply. Mr. Macgrcgor called the attention of the Pre sident of the Isoard of Landand "Works to the sub ject of the proposed revocation of land reservations for the scheme of water supply for country dis trict^. sanctioned by the \\\ .iterworks Act, 1805: niul asked if the G n'erumenr. will defer proceeding \<ith such revocations until Parlutnent oiiaii bo ftlfordeil an opportunity of deciding how far the I'olir; cuiDOdied in the Act referred to shall be ad hered to or abandoned. Ho said his epilation re ferred more especial!} to a pase in his own district, and he pointed out 'the tiiflfotiltfcJ which must occur in carrying oxlt the proposed revocations. Mr. Grant said it not the intention of tlio Government to revoke the alienation of any land act apart for water supply purposes. Mr. Woods gave a notice of motion, having for its pnrposo and effect the leasing by tender of the Government railways, the proceeds of such leasing to go to the extension of railways throughout the country. t Mr. Macgregoi* gave ilotide that ho would move that a system of iuiurunce l)e ConlpuliJoiy upon civil servants, so that the continual request for compensation on death or injury would bo unne cessary. •> In reply to Mr. Garratfc, the hon. Treasurer replied that tho sum voted was sufficient to pay all salaries for the month of July. Mr. Mucgrcgor, on the request of the hon. Com missioner of Railways, agreed to postpone his ques tion with reference to the amendment of the Shiivs Statute and the Local Government Act until Wednesday next. Mr. "Woods asked the hon. the Minister of Rail ways whether a fresh Alteration in the i>laris and designs for the 3rd sectioii of the North-Eastern Railway is the causo of tho delay in the letting of f he. contracts for that portion of the lino. Mr. Longmore replied that floods and various oilier causes having rendered it necessary to make alterations which involved some delay, the con tracts could not be let till October. In reply to Mr. Cohen, the Chief Secretary said lie could not say for some time whether a hill to amend the present Licensed VfctuuHerd Act Urould \m brought in this session. Mr. Bent brought forward the subject of protect ing the Government forests, and Mr. Grant promised Mi.it stringent measures should be taken for this purpose; he said he had already issued the necessary instructions to the various Crown bailiffs. Mr. MacBain drew the attention of the lion, the Minister of Lands to certain statements made by him. and the huh. the Chief Secretary, when before their constituents, relative to the "zebra stripes" ami other reserves; and asked iipoil what principle he intended to act ill alloiViiig lii* disallowing appli cations for selection on these reserves? He (Mr. M.irBain) said that the squatting interest.had been 'most- unfairly and improperly represented by some members of the Government when before their con stituents. He was aware that much "bunkum" was talked at those times, but he was not aware that any squatters "hai closed the door against free silectiun," as charged against them by Mr. Grant at Inglewood, and also by the lion, the Chief Secretary. Ho now wished to know if these reserves for the general convenience were to be done away with; if not, there was no necessity to deceive the people, lie then showed from former Land Acts that water reserves were specially provided foi" so as to ensure *■<» water. Ho believed no man was better able to judge of the necessity or othenvise of the reservations than the lion. Mr. Grant himself, and surely he would not now say these zebra stripes were all nonsense. Mr. M'Kean was in office when legal force was given to these reservations, and they were made in the public behalf to secure access to water, and not, as endeavored to be shown, for the benefit of the squatters) and, therefore, that class should not be held up to obloquy on account of some matter they had nothing to do with, and lie, therefore, thought that hon. members should not have made the statements they had to their con stituents. Mr. MacBain proceeded, and caused some amusement by accepting as applying to him self a statement in tho hon. Chief Secretary's ad dress, to the effect that he was a niau " of no political ability5' that he (Mr. Duffy) knew of— (laughter),—and stated further that it was his belief that if he (Mr. Duffy) had the construction of the eleventh commandment it would contain an execration of the squatter; and, indeed, that he was just the man to play the volt of Bottom in tho Midsummer Xights Dream, and give a gobd "roar." (Laughter.) Mr. Grant replied to the effect that the whole colony should be open to selection, save with some few exceptions for railways and other necessar}* He hail given such instructions as showed what were the intentions of the Government in this matter, to secure a right of access to water for all hv way of roads, &c.; He proposed to givo the squatter the opportunity to bring liisbtock to water, fcii'.l nothing more. Mr. MaclViiu wished to ask further questions, but the speaker ruled that ho could only do so by giving tho usual notice. Mr. MiCphersun then liandod in a notice .of motion tj nsk certain quostions of tho hon. the Chief Secretary as to statements made by him since taking otHoe, with regard to the administration of the Land oitice, aud as there would, 110 doubt, be a dilute thereupon, Mr. MacBain could then inukc his lunherremarks. Mr. Whitoman drew attention to a grievance of * hue employe in the PostufFice, whose order fur wages ha I not been paid, to which the hon. Chief Secretary replied. ^ Mr. "\\\T. 0. Smith pointed out the necessity of early mining legislation, and argued that the mining interest way suffering severely,' and he hoped that the Government would at once deal with the agents for winding up mining companies.. Mr. M'Lellan said a measure which ho thought; vould deal with those gentlemen satisfactorily would be in the hands of hon. members in a few when the hon. member could offer his nrther remarks. The bill, he might say, proposed that companies should appoint their own agents for winding up. The Ba.llak.vt Hospital Eiibkzzlement Cass.—Tlio trial of George Moore, for embezzling tlio funds of the Ballarat District Hospital, was continued and concluded on Tuesday at the Circuit Court. The jury returned, a verdict of guilty in regard to the cheque received by the prisoner from, the Very Rev. Dean Moore, and not guilty in re ference to the two other cheques. The reason of the verdict of not guilty in tlio two latter cases was stated by the foreman of the jury to be " the great irregularities allowed by the committee of management of the hospital." Mr. Ireland, Q.C., before ad dressing the jury for the defence, raised three points of law. The first was that the office bearers of the institution were not proved to be the same for the year 18G4, when the prisoner was engaged and received directions as to his duties, and for the year 1870, during which the rules had been departed from and the defalcations made. The second was that the prisoner was a life-governor of the hospital and could not be indicted for embezzling property of which he was part owner. The third was that the Ballarat Dis trict Hospital was not registered under any act of Parliament. His Honor, when the verdict of the jury had been returned, re served the points of law raised, for consider ation by the full court. He remanded the prisoner till yesterday morning for sentence, and stated that- after sentence lie would be released on bail to appear at the Supreme Court when called upon, the bail to be double that which had formerly been ■ ac cepted.—Star. •Stabbing Affray.—Mr. Edward Harvey's iarm. at St. Leonard's was the scene of a serious stabbing affray on the evening of ^ ednesday last. The Gcdong Advertiser, in reporting the circumstances says, that a quarrel occurred between Robert Armstrong, a wood splitter, and a shepherd named Henry Crossen. Both men were perfectly sober, and the row originated in a very simple manlier — through Armstrong accidentally treading 011 a puppy belonging to the shep herd. The result was an altercation, and then a resort to blows. Crossen is stated to have first struck Armstrong, and the latter retaliated by throwing him on the ground on ">s back. While in that position Crossen stabbed the other with a pocket-knife, the "lade of which, after several ineffectual plunges, eventually took effect in Armstrong's chest. Fortunately—although the gash was deep and extensive, and a large quantity of blood was lost—the weapon glanced against one of ribs. This prevented the cayity of the chest from being penetrated, and pro bably saved the man's . life. Serious symptoms, however, supervened towards the end of the week, and on Sunday Crossen was arrested at his hut by Constable Mulcahy. On Monday he was brought before the Gee long Bench, and, on the application of In specftir Palmer, was remanded to appear at Drysdale Police Court on Thursday. The Cerberus. —The trial trip of the Cerberus which was to have taken place on Saturday next, has been postponed until the following Saturday, in consequence of some further work having to bo completed. By that time all the arrangements will be perfected, and a most succeesful trip is anticipated.—Aye. Artie uts of Hates.—A case of some im portance to borough councils will be heard 011 Tuesday at the Cteolong police ollico. The Borough of Newtowiiaild Cliiiweli lias issueda summons against an owner of properly in Marnock Vale for arrears of rates extending over thirteen yews. The present proprietor having only recently purchased the property, decidcdly objects to travelling back seven years beyond the statute of limitations.— Age. Tiik Natal and Military Force Discip line Bill, which passed our Parliament some time ago, received tlio sanction of tile Im perial authorities, but was only allowed ac tion for two years, as the bili, while it pro vided. for the forces in the colony being sub ject to Imperial Regulations at present, did not provide for their being under any futuro rules that might be made. T>y simply striking out the word now, which in the bill is attached to the regulations ill force, tlic measures provido for the future, will be brought into harmony with the wishes of the homo authorities, and will receive a final assent from the Queen.—Age. Something Like a Ghost.—A ghost story lias been exoitiing some attention at Sarath albyn (South Australia), concerning which a well-known resident writes to tlio local Press as follows:—" Whilst talcing a walk very early one morning, through some motive which I cannot account for, T was induced to walk through a certain burying-ground, and comiug to a grave surrounded by a wall and covered with a slab of slate, T noticed on the slate something strange. It was scarcely light enough to see distinctly at first, but after waiting some few minutes I oould see it plainly, and it appeared to be a side view of a female. I oould distinctly trace the head and body and the skirts, apparently full size. Not being satisfied with the sight I rubbed my hand on the form, and found that that portion of the slate was perfectly, dry, whilst the parts outside the form were very wet with the dew which had fallen, and still not being satisfied I walked away, and came back in about fifteen or twenty minutes afterwards, arid still the form was there, so I determined upon visiting it again next morning, which I did, and continued doing so for a week or more. During this time I only saw the form once after the first morning, but not being a believer in super natural appearances I tried to define the cause, but failed. In the course of conversa I told Mr. Morton what 1 liad seen, and he visited the place and saw the form, although not so plain as it was when I saw it. The form was to be seen, and it has been seen since by others. Now, 1 believe there is some natural cause which produces this strange appearance, and perhaps some person upon reading this will be able to satisfy the minds of those who have seen it, although many things have been advanced by people as the probable cause; but none that seem satisfactory to my mind and those who have been eye-witnesses of the sight." The Thames Goldfield.—Tho rapid and continuous increase in the yield of the Thames gold mines suggests (says the Grey River Argus) a few thoughts which must interest ons. By the last accounts, it be comes manifest that during a term of two months the receipts have reached an average total of something more than 10,000 ozs. a week, worth in round numbers, L30,000. The Thames gold mines, therefore, are pro ducing at tho present time an annual yield at the rato of one million and a half. Though certainty cannot bo admitted as an element in any calculations on the probablo yield of gold mines, it must be "borne in mind that the grand total of gold obtained at the Thames lias been increasing with remarkable steadiness ever since the opening of the mines. Though tho weekly yield of indi vidual mines had fallen from thousands of ounces to zero, tho total yield from the Thames has increased in an almost equal proportion to the increase of capital and labor employed in the district.—Speaking of the Caledonian claim, the Otago Daily Times says:—" Among the mining on flits from Auckland, we hear that Mr. Farmer, so well known as one of the largest original share holders in the Golden Crown and Caledonian, has sold the whole of liis interest in these and other mines at the Thames to Mr. Thomas Russell. Tho sum has not transpired, but it is variously stated at from L25,000 to L40,000. Mr. Farmer originally heltl 340 shares in the Caledonian, of which lie sold, about two months ago, 100 to Mr. Russell for L10,000; and it is said he lias now cleared out with over L80,000 from the Caledonian alone." Practical Political Economy.—While the Chief Secretary is planning schemes for rifling Southern Europe of its skilled laborers so that Victoria ma}' become a theatre for the cultivation of the vine and tho olive and other things of use and luxury, there are quiet workers in the same direction putting their hands to the plough in a practical way. The honorary medical staff of the-Benevolent Asylum presented to the committee of that institution yesterday a report which can hardly be passed over with a more passing notice. The report, after recommending the acceptance of certain tenders for drugs, pointed out that there were many expensive medicinal plants which might be grown in the grounds of the asylum, and so consider ably curtail the expenditure on the amount paid to druggists. The report went on to state that the climate of Victoria was suitable for the growth of many plants largely used as curative, and that after a consultation with Dr. Mueller, who had highly approved of their design, they felt calljd upon to re commend that a small portion of the asylum grounds should be devoted to the cultivation of these. The report further stated that Dr. Mueller had agreed to furnish the greater portion of the plants needed, and also to give his advice as to their tending and gathering to tho resident medical officer, who was willing to watch over and fostor them, and concluded by recommending that as the season was advanced, immediate action should be taken, so as to secure the prompt carrying out of their proposition. The com mittee, with little hesitation and in a very practical spirit, adopted the proposition of the medical officers, and resolved that it should be immediately carried out.—Teh graph. S.mokin'g Tigers.—Ootacamund has lately furnished us with a proof that tigers can climb trees to a considerable height, and a local paper now furnishes us with the follow ing account of other hitherto unknown peculiarities of these animals. A correspond ent, who signs himself "Not a Munchausen," writes to the Neilgherry Excelsior as follows: —" I observe you give an account of a tiger snatching a cigar from a gentleman's hand and bolting with it. A friend of mine once had a tiger cub and a terrier pup in rearing. He was a great smoker, and the pets would play about the room while he indulged in tho weed. The sweeper, noticing that there was a gradual decrease of the cigar ends thrown away by his master, which could only be duo to his master becoming more moderate in his habit, or the use of the cigar ends by some one else, determined to ascertain the cause, ho watched, and found one evening, after his master had retired to bod, that the tiger cub was the new customer for the cigar ends, his companion the pup, bringing him a fire stick, stealthily abstracted from tho kitchen! These are not the only instances of tigers tak ing to smoking. Mohemet Ali, the most on lightened ruler Egypt lias ever had, kept a tame tiger, a full-grown one, to which he always handed his hookah after he had nearly exhausted the scented opium ball. On one occasion the Pasha having gone out to dinner, liookabader prepared the hookah as usual, and leaving the mouthpiece oil the favorite chair of liis Highness, went to watch his return. Entering the room with the Pasha, the first object that met their sight was the tame tiger lying fast asleep near the hooliah. The Pasha called in vain, andthehookabadar shook the tiger in vain. He was dead drunk, having exhausted himself by smoking every atom of the scented opium ball." Rosiiing the Customs. — Throughout Tuesday tho Custom House was completely besiegetl with customers wishing to pay duties—in fact tlio whole of the goods in bond must bo well nigh duty paid by this time. Almost every item th'vt is dutiable was paid, on Tuesday, and when wo take into consideration that there are only about four working hours in which money can bo taken, it reflects the greatest credit on tlio oUieers engaged that L30,O5'2 lfts. was taken, tlio two days' takings making a. total of over L50,000. One house paid in before one o'clock to the tune of L5,000.—Age. .A Curious Fight.—A very curious fight (says tlie liallarat Shir) occurred in Lowis street 011 Wednesday. It was between a pugnacious poodle and a large gander. The poodle wished to chase a flock of geese that were making themselves at lionie in the quiet street, and made several attempts to catcli one or other of tlicm. The gander warded him off for a time, and then, apparently as a last chance, flew at the quadruped, caught him by one of his hind less, and fairly twisted him round in the air, much to his dissatisfac tion as expressed by prolonged howls. When sat free, the dog made off .round ft corner as fast as liis uuinjured legs would carry him. : Rabbit and Kangaroo Preserving.—A gentleman who recently visited the Culac Babbit and Meat Preserving establishment speaks very highly of : the manner in which the business is conducted, and of the cleanli ness that prevails.throughout the place. He states, and he is.au epicuiv in his way, that he tasted some of the preserved-kangaroo, and found it really excellent.-— Geclong Ad vertiser. ' ' ' ' . - A S-Mart Transaction. •—The following paragraph is from tile■JJallarat'Siar:—"An extraordinary case of " biter bitten," is said to have occurred at the ' Cornsr lately. An enterprising and not over, particular mining man is said to lmve taken a quite' as enterprising and not even so particular mining neighbor into his 'confidence with a view to " rig" ,the. market' with regard to a" certain valueless stock.Tlie little plot being arranged satisfactorily, • jobber number one came upon the Corner, • and in presence of the crowd informed jobber number two that he had been instructed to purchase shares in the company at one sliillincr .each to the number of two thousand. Jobber number two had Some dispute about price, but ultimately agreed to sell the rtwo thousand shares, and " number' one " " asked .him to step inside an office close by for a. cheque for L100. The cheque—which . was intended to be returned in due course—was stupidly cashed at the bank. by." number- two," r and Up to tlie pfesent it is. stated that lie so far forgets the nature of the transaction' as to adhere to the money, and his conviction that " it is all right." Rather "a smart transac. tion. • ; !: 'V .' " ' Growth op,Population in Europe and America.—Mr.,Samuel B. Haggles, who was the delegate representing the 'United States at the International Statistical ' Con gress at the. Hague in tha year 1809, has made a report to the President with reference to the comparative growth of:. population in Europe and the United States. ■Ho States that the rate of increase of the population of Europe during the century from 1770 to 1780 has varied but little from 1 per cent, yearty, or 10 per cent, compounded, at the end of each decade, having been the largest in some of the earlier portions of the period and diminishing with the last .three, or four decades until the present, when the increase is but little more than six-tenths of one per cent, yearly, compounded at the. end of the decade. This ratio of increase; lie1 thinks, will very possibly continue to diminish, and for similar reasons he considers that it would hardly be safe to assume, even,for .theUnited States, a greater ratio for the' remainder of the present century, from .1870 to 1900, than 2^ per cent, increase yearly. For Europe for the balance of the century ho assumes six tenths of one per cent. ..increaso yearly, these rates in botli cases to be compounded at the end of each decade. He says it should be borne in mind, however, that a liirgely-in ereasing and steadily-continued . flow of European or of Asiatic immigration into the United States.may. increaso the population 3 or percent, a year, or even by a higher rate. At the moderate increase specified, compounded every ten years, the population of Europe, amounting in 1870 to the aggre gate of 298,000,000, at six-tenths of one per cent. yearly, will bo increased toi354,9l7,G80 in the year 1900. The population of the United States, now 38,354,370, at 2A- per cent, increase, will in 1900 be 75,302,495; at 3 percent., 84,705,649. Adopting the lowest of these estimates for the United States; and reducing; the rate of increase for the 50 years next succeeding 1900 to one per cent, per annum compounded at the end of every decade, and the rate of increase in Europe to one-half, of one per'cent.'. yearly,, similarly compounded, Mr. 'Huggles estimates that the comparative populations: in 1950. would be about thus:—Europe, 453^000,000; United States, 120,500,000'; total, -'' 573,500,000. Should the rate of increase for the: United States be as liigli as two per cent, annually, the total would, then be 179,000,000. • It should be borne in mind that while the aggre gate is thus 573i millions, 'the .proportionate amounts of Europe and the. United States may largely vary in consequence of migration, or may be diminished by war, pestilence, or other calamities. Mr. lluggliis adds that it may be safely assumed -witli the cereal capacities of the United States, now demon strated by experience, that its 75 millions of inhabitants in 1900 will bo fully able to supply cereal food sufficient, not only for themselves, but also for at least 200,000,000 of the people of Europe. A Contribution to History:—A French pamphlet, said to be written by an ex Minister of the Second Empire, gives some interesting revelations ajmipo.i of Prince Bis marck's statement in the German Parliament that in August 18GG the French Government asked for Mayencc as a compensation for the enlargement of the Prussian territory. The writer says that M. .Drouyn do Limy;:, who was then Foreign Minister in Paris, re peatedly urged on : Napoleon- that France could not possibly tolerate so enormous an increase in the power of Prussia, and that war Was inevitable, At length the Emperor admitted that M. Drouyn de Lhuys was right, and asked him at once to prepare the necessary despatches as a preliminary to a declaration of war. The Minister then sent for- the head of his Cabinet, Count Clian dordy, the smuo which was afterwards Minister of Foreign Affairs under Gambctta, and both of them worked at the despatches all night. Next morning M. JDroiyn de Lhuys went to the Tuileries with all his papers ready, but the Emperor received him very coldly. " Cher Ministre," said Napo leon, " I have just had a long conversation with the Minister of War. We have entirely dropped the idea I spoke to you.about yes terday. I have neither men, nor horses, nor arms." The Minister bowed and retired. An hour afterwards his resignation was re ceived and accepted. The author adds that this story is " d'-parfaitc exactitude." Tin: New York Tribune reasonably asks, " Is not this, related in a private letter from London, rather a remarkable story ?. About ton years ago, a young American, from New York, Walter Hastings by name, dining in London in company with Lord C , ex pressed the opinion that solitary confinement in a dark cell was not so dreadful a punish ment as had been represented. His Lord ship—so goes the tale—offered Hastings L10,000 if he would undergo entire seclusion for ten ycai-s. The proposition being agreed to, a cell was fitted up in Lord C 's town house, it was from 12 feet to 15 feet square. The prisoner was to be allowed candles, a few books, writing materials, plain food—the latter served by a man who was not to be seen. In this way Hastings lias been living for a decade of years, his term expiring abeut the 1st of the present month. He is now released, and has received, we suppose, his hard-earned money. He emerges from his dungeon in rather a dilapidated condition, appearing, though only 35, like a man of Go years of age, his frame stooping and his steps tottering, his face sallow, liis hair and beard white, his voice tremulous, and his speech hesitating." 