NECRVOUS MEN. (From te Lieierpool Lmeader.) A nervous m0an is, wit!h many, a frequent subject of derision; yet tLuro in perhaps in this world Ihardly a erenturo deserving of more pity than a ncrvous mnan. The irrelvtancy of his cnulut is molanlcholy. His is tlat keenest mnisfortune of humuon life-the conscious. hess of many mistuoaes wi.thout the power of rectifying them. In his mind there is an enduring sense of his own inellicucy. He irresents tile mournful spectacle of a human being swhoe judgment is fettered, as it were, by a netnoek of highly-wrought nierves. Want ing intellectual control, hIis legs, arms, and tongue are perpetually leading hitm into some kind of embarrass mont. If Ihe comes into a room, ten chances to one that hlie falls over a mat in thie very act of giving hIis tunme to the servant; or hlie will enter with such nervous raoidilt as to make him at once the Eyntlea of the minute-- provoking witticisms from wage, titters from girls, and sympathy from nervous people like himself. IHe cannot hand a glass of wine or a cup of tea witllout upsetting it. He converses in jerks, now with an incoherent volubility, now with a slowness that makes the intervening pauses embar rassing to the listener. The spectacle of a nervous man dancing is a study which no lover of obser vation would .willingly forego. Watch him in a quadrille; his hands, if they are not forcing each other's gloves vet further down upon the fingers, are wandering furtively about hie person, like the dove of Noah that could not find a resting place. He receives tile most harmless question from his partner with an air of dubiousness, as if he thought to discern within it the lurking element of some facetious irony at the rexpense of his nerves. Then comes the quick, abrupt answer, the general jerk of legs, arms, and head, the rapid question, and perhaps a sense of overwhelming confusion because in his nervousness he has neglected to commence the figure which some vis-a-vie has called upon him to begin. If there be a purgatory for nervous men, we should pronounce it to be a square dance. A waitE is bad euough, but the exertion warms him up to the enjoy ment. There is a reassuring sense in his mind of his being unnoticed amidst the whirling throng. Could you only contrive, however, to whisper to one of these nervous wallzero that be is being watched, you would then witness asight whicb, if you are malicious, you would probably enjoy. He will be almost certain to fall-to trip over the trailing skirt ofeomesweeping dancer, and bring himself and perlohaps others eith a crash and a cry to the ground. This sphere,uowever, of the nervous man's operations is very limited, and can only be indicated as the source of some eqjoyment to the malicious spectator. Nervousness is by no mesas incompatible with gen tlemanly conduct. True, it will almost iivariably mar the effect of politeness--lending to the actions ofa man a character that will seem to savour much of what may bhe called an inoffensive 9ancherie. But it is very hard to laughl at a nervous gentleman. It is pitiable to witness the well-bred undertone that seems struggling for a refined expression through the complicate and embarrassing movements of great nervousness. Here is visible all the consciousness of right, of propriety, of thIe charms of a polished amiability, and the necessity of a plain and manly courtesy. Yet each movement of the nervous man falsely interprets the dictates of his disposition and nature. The melancholy sense of always inviting the scrutiny which he would givde his right hand to elude, is ever upon him, rendering more treacherous those promptings which could only be rightfully suggestive in the complete absence of every speries of timidy. We suppose there is hardly a situation in this drama of existence in which nervous men do not find them selves confronted by some unlooked, for embarrass ment. If you want to make such a man thoroughly miserable, call upon him to admire the baby in its motlter's arms. Does he tell you he thinks it a sweet little creature ? Be sure that there is upon his face as he utters his criticism an expression suchas you might expect to see upon the fack of a boy who should have beaen ordered by a ghost or some other terrible ap parition to call it pretty. Leave him alone with this baby, and all his love of children will confess itself perhaps in the most emphatic manner. But whilst the mother is watching him, this love is driven out of his eyes, and transformed into a sense of profound dis comfort. He abruptly expresses the true conventional sentiments of admiration, and retires mortified with tie consciousness of having made. a fool of himself. So, when called upon to respond to a toast. His pallor is distressing. He rises with a kind ofside ways movement, with a view, perhaps, to show as little of himself as possible to those who are seated oppositc. There is no indignation or irritability in the glance which lIe thlrows at the person to whom he may be indebted for his embarrassing situation. His eyes are vacant of all sense but that of the sense of confusion. If he is prepared to speak, having been forewarned that he will be called upon to do so, it is possible that he may get along with a sufficient ner vous deaterity for some time. But let only a cry be raised, let there happen but the most trivial interrup tion-bhe is done. He will start, will pause, will lose the thread of hIis thoughts, sustained only by nconcen tration of memory, grow incolherent, and seat himself amidst aeplauseo which he is torturingly conscious of being ironical. 