ITEMS_OF NEWS. The Church of England Bazaar, the notes of preparation for which have been so long heard, will open to-morrow. The time and form of opening have not yet been decided, but the com- mittee will, in to-morrow's issue, give the neces sary notification. The zeal of all those who have worked for the great fancy fair has been most commendable, and the gross result is an alarming amount of goods, which include the rare and valuable, and the really useful. Weather permitting, the days and nights of the bazaar will no doubt crowd the Market Hall, which will be gaily decorated. A band is en gaged to further enhance the proceedings. We direct the particular attention of the miners to a notification issued iri' our' advertising columns from the River Loddon and Tributaries Water Supply Co./ by which' it wiU be seen that the price, of supply is 'reduced. ' It will be hot necessary to remind tho miners pf, the likely sluicing ..country which the water / supply '.com mands..,--;-' : 1 "The Secretary of the Castlemaine' Fire Bri gade begs to acknowledge with thanks the sum of £5 from Mr J. Collings, on: behalf of the Northern Insurance Company. ; Saturday, July 1st, the anniversary of the separation of Fort Phillip from tlie . colony;of N.S.W., is gazetted a holiday in the public offices. MrTfD.S, Heron, P.M,liasreeeived£l lsfrom Dr Malcolm,'. and 10s Gd from Mr Reidj'of Fryersto'wri, for the funds of the Christ Church bazaar. ' ,/ \- There is a report of the discovery of aurife rous quartz reef at Tubba Rubba, eight miles from Scbnapper Point, where surface gold was found previously. - The reof is three feet thick. ; In, order to show ..their appreciation of the Rev. ; lir Fen wiek, the congregation attending the Baptist Chapel, Templeton-street, liavo in- vitedtnat gentleman to a public soiree, to.be held m the cliuroh to-morrow evening. /.At one hour and a quartor after tho appointed time of meeting- of tno Maldousliire Council on Friday, the President and Cr Gilfilhin only being present, tho former adjourned the meet ing till to-dny. Shortly af tor, Crs Jung, Law rence, and Oswald entered the Council chambers, and after a prolonged discussion, it was' ulti mately resolved that the Council sit as a com mittee to " pass accounts only, in order that the contractors and others working for the Council may roceive tlieir money at the usual time. It was also decided that the meeting to-day should be, allowed to lapse, and the meeting take place on next Friday week. The committee then passed the accounts, amounting in all to £208 5s 5d for payment as usual, and adjourned till Friday, July' 7th. " , . The Wellington paper of the 29th May tells the following tiile: — " A few evenings ago a young lady who occupies the same sleeping apartment, but not tlie samo bed, with a younger sister, had retired to rest shortly before midnight, and was on the point of falling asleep. The younger sister- had been asleep far somo time. To render the narrative clear it may be necessary to' state tliat tlie elder sister's bed stood m.front of a window at some little distance from it ; a chair stood botween the bed and the window. . The young lady was lying on her Bide, witli her back to tlie window, as we said before, on tho point of dropping off to sleep, and, as she avers, without tlio remotest thought of ghdst or gobiin crossing her mind, when sud denly she became aware of something like a dim shadow .being cast across her eyes ; she started ; and turned quickly,' round to find.hersolf con fronted by. a .tiill, gentleman, dressed' in black coat .and .trousers, wearing a white Waistcoat witli black spots, and gloves on his hands, half leaning over her. ' His figure and feature were clearly limned against the window, and she in stantly recognisod the face of a gentleman fpriiveriy a resident of Wellington, deceased some twelve months' or so. Her look was only momentary, but it was clear ; and, filled with terror, slio screamed- repeatedly to her sister, who, after some little timo, awoke. The ghost disappeared at tlio first sound of her voice, and sho was too much agitated to observe which way it ' weht." '- The younger sister asked what was the matter; tho elder sister replied by desiring her to come into the otlior bod. and sho would tell the cause of her trouble, lu-tlie morning. Having laid down beside her, tho younger sister continued to press tho elder with questions as to what she had seen or heard, "at last asking iior whether she had not seen a man in tlie room. To this the elder replied that she had, when the younger rejoined ' Then I know who it was, it was Mr. — - — ,' mentioning ' the name of the very man whom her 'sister had seen. Much surprised, tho elder said, ' Did you soo him, too, then V ' No, said the younger ; ' ' but while I was aslcop the impression was borne vividly on my mind that ho was in the room.' . On boing subsequently questioned how she came to think that, the party sho naiued.'was in the room, she said bIio could.- not.tell, and had not thought 6f him beforo his death ; ' but alio seemed to know intuitively that he was present without feeling the alarm that was exhibited by her sister," The amount of gold forwarded from the 0 Vons district to the metropolis for the fiVe weeks end ing 21st June amounted to 13,G45oZ OdWt Sgr. This amount (says the Ovons and Murray Adver tiser) shows a considerable improvement on Inst escort returns, the quantity then forwarded being 13,338oz 3dwt Ggr for a period of seven weeks. ..-/. , ' -A. decision of some importance to toll- keepers, says;the.vAdvertiser, on Friday, was given in.the Cehtral Police- Court,' whiob, if not upset by a; higher , court is calculated to . increase . their, revonue." A man named John Carley'summoned- the,! toll:keeper at Moolap 'for demanding and; taking toll for a horse and cart engaged in cart-! iug mimure to a farm. Tlio Bench held that it; was' the duty- of coriiplainsnt to prove that his! horse and cart did no other work at the farm- after .taking (be. manure there, and this he was! unable to do in one cose. In another case he: distinctly swore that the horse, cart, 'and himself; had hot been engaged ill' doing' anything else,! and that, his ;cart,1 when passing the toll, was! full of, and contained notbipg else . bn.tj manure. Nevertheless, the magistrates ckeitle'd' that the demanding and taking the toll was not; illegal. , The, Statute -says that uo toll shall be! demaridedor-takenrif the horsb, cart j arid man. be solely employed- in "car ting manure; - -iMr1 M'Cormick submitted >tbat- it was the place of: the toll-keeper to prove that they were differently1 engaged, but the Bench decided otherwise, and' tho case was dismissed; . . / / / :./! ' i - . . ./ From Auckland we have papers to the 9 th ! Juno, i" The state of affairs at . i'auranga ; is ex tremely encouraging in every respect. Not only' do the disaffected natives Bhow a desire for; peaceful .settlement,: but confidence is ; so far'. reatote J thai tliA settlers fire 'continually arriving' to repeoupy land which was deserted some timo ago in anticipation of native disturbances. - Mr; Ritchje, a solicitor, , was thrown from his horse : and killed. Of the . Thames goldfields, the < Evening Star of the 9th June reports " The Caledonian have taken out this morning 18cwt. of specimens. Some exceedingly heavy retorts are now on the fire, and it is expected that by to-inorrow evening from 12,000 to 14,000 ounces will be lodged ; 3,000 are expected from the various machines on the general stuff. ' Tho Alburnia found a new leader this morning, showing splendid gold. They have' taken, out about a ton and a half of specimens since yes terday morning. Tho North' Devon are still bringing up good stone! The Ladybird/ and Hand of Friendship have completed, their, crush ing, the result boing 62oz."' The Hoskins and Colviile dramatic company have made a decided hit at the Thames. - Aii incident connected With 'the construction; of tlio overland . telegraph is related by; Dr ; Roiinor, who is stationed on tho central sections ; of the line " On April 29, the doctor 'reached ! the junction of the Hugh itnd. Finke. At the; depot /were plenty of teams,/ also; a caravan.. ' My medical assistarice,' lid says, ' was required ; here by one of the; camel-drivers, -.an. Aftglian, whoso life was in danger from tlio bite of a black snake, which liacl been kept in the tent as a pet. They state tliat they had never extracted, the poisonous teeth, but I. can scarcely believe- that. A week before my arrival, the man -had been bitten, and nothing had, been done to counter act tho poison. Tlioy had only walked tho man about to prevent his sleeping. The man got very drowsy and weak, had to bo carried , along tlio journey, and the arm swelled up . to an im- ' mense size. Tlio swelling .gradually spread, and liad reached tlie head and face. . The1 man looked wretchedly ill, aud his pulso was very weak. Ammonia taken inwardly and -injected into a vein restored the man in 40 hours," " Tlio swelling of! the arm disappeared,! and "on Tues day lio was at work again; although, on Saturday his fate was very doubtful.';" i ; ; / .' / The following eiirions story is told in tlie New castle Pilot-:—" Tlio baker, Young, ."-'Whose mysterious disappearance from Newcastle just after he liad purchased a lucrative - business, we recorded a month or so ago, and in search of whom the police have since .been busily em ployed, turned up .during tlie past . week iu New castle, in the most unsensational and matter-of- fact way possible. . The police of course 'inter viewed ' him,, and in return' for tlio pains they had been at to ascertain and inform liis friends of his whereabouts, - were favoured with! the following improbable story.. Young said tliat on tlie day he had left Newcastle he met two friends from Sydney ; they 'wanted to see tlio country,' and persuaded liim. to go as far - as Singleton witli them; then he was induced to extend ins visit to bcono at tlie solicitation of Ins friends ; there, after getting out of tho train, they found two men in Waiting on horseback, with three saddled horses, on one of which they induced him to take a. rido. , He states tliat they then rode a little Way out of, the town of Scone, when tlio other , four seized -.him, bound him to a treo, took his money, and.tlien went: on their way rejoicing. This took plqce.on Monday, and Young, by his own account, romaincd in- liis unpleasant situation, without food or drink, until Saturday, when ho was rolcasod by a Chinaman who /chanced; to be" passing.- ' fThen Young made liis Way to the .Denisou diggings, whero lie scraped together money enough to bring liim down to- Newcastle,. - though why ho did liot represent his cas'o to the authorities at Scoue, and proceed , to Newcastle ,iri tlie first instance, instead of 'makhig "his way into' the interior, lie does not state. At any rate, lie. is now alive and well,- Which is the primary con sideration and he did What appeared to us tlio most rational .thing that, lio hasdone during the past four we'eksj and' tliat is, to ! go iback to. liis friends in Sydney.. . ..Wo are. informed that on ' a previous occasion Yoiing' lqft- liis. home, in the same . erratic manner, and remained away for upwards of six months. ";!.: \- Intelligence of a reliablo nature has been re ceived at Cape Coast CaBtle - to the effect that the A8hantee army tliat invaded tlie eastern parts of the protectorate had been entirely de- stroved. arid its generals killed, l'lioro luidbenii a great deal of fighting .in that -part of, tlie country to which the Asliautees had retired, tiib native tribes of the . district having sought and obtained assistance from some . other tribes:in the neighbourhood of Dahomey, arid subjects to theking of tlnit country. The Asliantees wore caught in- ambush,' their army, dispersed/and Addoo Bofl'oe anil Neanohevee, tlieir command ers, .liad either been killed in battle, captured arid slain in cold blood, or had! blown them selves up to prevent being taken alive by the enemy.. The King of ABliantee was sending a new army ; to tlio eastern districts ; and the Akeira were said to . be on the look-out, lost those new troops should, on tlieir march to tho seat of war, commit any ravages on tlio Akeira territory. Tlio lnuribor of men -Which tlio Asliariteos lire said to have lost up to tho last accounts was estimated at 20,000 killed in battle, besides -numbers Which have died from disease, starvation, and been taken prisoners. Tlio new army Will,' it is said, number not less than 30)990, arid tlio men wore being despatched rapidly to Agothn and Crepee. Whilst these nioveinents aro being carriod out on tho oxtromo east and nortli-east, tlio Asliantees oil the west and nortli-wost are also said to bo stirring. It was rumoured that thoy wore approacliing Assinnee, Axim, snd Appolonia ; whilst oil tho other hand it was stated that there werono powerful Ashantoe forces in or near Assinnee, and that tho rumors about tlioir being any where near to tho seaboard on tho windward coast Were utterly unfounded. Tlio King of Kinjaibo, whilst anxious to avoid coming to aii open rupturo with tlio King of Asliaiitee, ap peared determined not to permit him to send aiiy armed forco through Kinjaibo to tlio soa- sido, as ho is adverse to the Aslmntoos boiii" allowed to meddlo with tho afliairs on the coast? It was belieyod that undor these circumstances the King of , Ashantoe . will detain tho whito captives, as boing, a, prizo too valuable, to sur render, until lio can mnko conditions with' tlio English Government, Tho following- Singular and/ fatal- accidont is recorded !by a corfeai>Diidont of tho Mnitland Mercury f-Two hieil weto- ridiiig. nonr Parson's lull late in tho evening, wlioh olio; Was thrown from his liorso, and tho knife ho cArried in a Bheath - behind him entered liis back,- causing death in a very short timo. -- - s , On Friday the Collmanu and Tacchi Company struck the reef at a depth of 620 foot, and it shows gold plentifully, quite as much as it did on tho surface. This "is another proof of the inexhausti- 1 bilily of our reofs. We (Advertiser) may also: mention the fiict'tbat splendid stone is being ob-j tained by Latham and "Watson, on the Hustler's! reef/ ntra/depth . of.'Ovcr 700;fcet: ; -There seems toi be no difference in stone at, depths, except that, ; perhaps, it 'becomes richer and not so patcby'as it- is near the surface. ; : . .... , Lawyers .who adopt the bullying and. brow beating, lino towards witnesses-_ do .' not always j have it all.tlieir own way.,. During the progress; of a case! in tlio Kyneton Pplico-'court on Friday,! says tho.Guardiau, Mr Samuel asketl . a witness; how mauylies he, thought -it possiblo for ono man to tell :iii!ono day. - '.' That,!' replied the witness,- amidst a burst of laughter from -every one' in court, is a' question- which no oiie: is so competent to -answer as yourself." '-Mr - Samuel asked the Bench tb'coinmit the witness, but tlie Bonch didn't. '; ? : , ! The following news of tlio diamond mines of Africa is contained in a .letter to the Friend, which runs thus " Diamondia, Yaal River, 2nd March, 1871. Ab a piece, of news for your paper, I beg to oommunicate tlio find of "tho largest diamond yet unearthed in South Africa, viz., — 'The Star of Diamondia' — a stone ex hibited here yesterday, weighing exactly 107£ carats, arid apparently ! of ! first water. It is quite white, and " without spec or flaw, but of irregular - shape/ The name -of the finder-p lucky 'matt— has not yet been made:publici,; but no doiibt 'will bo iri a fewdays/ "You may del perid upon the above being authentic infor mation, as I have personally soeri ' and handled On Friday, at mid-day, as Mr- William Clarke, M.P., says the Courier, was hunting in some paddocks near Buninyong, be discovered ' the body of a - man hanging' from a-trce, quite stiff and cold. .He informed the ' police in Bunin yong, /who removed the body to the Robert Burns hotel/' The deceased was an elderly'man; and /from; a receipt ' found by the police in , his ; pocket, it appears that his /name was J. Graham, or ! Graham Reid, and that he had purchased sonie blankets at Linton.; It also; appeared that he bad paid . £l . to Mr . Kennedy, acting clerk of petty sessions at Linton, as. the receipt:. was found in his possession. The deceased must.havc ascended- the trunk of the tree, and having tied a strap round his neck, attached-a muffler round the tree, and by "a loop joined the muffie'r aud strap, and "then! flung himself off the tree. Another venture in pearl-shell fishing, pro mising,- if possible, even more successful results than the speculation noted several months ago in various colonial journals,' will be undertaken shortly :urider tho auspices of Captain Edgar, Into of the schooner Einiria Paterson which was wrecked a short time ago. at Fiji. . Captain Edgar, who is (ill so far as has yet been ascer tained) the solo survivor from tho lost vessel, arrived hero from Sydney on Friday,- and lias brought with him specimens of ! the pearl- shell alluded to. They nro very largo, - and of She quality/ and aire said, to he much ' superior and more valuable than arty'- -Which have yet. bebn seon here. The precise locality where thissholl is to fie had /is" of course) known .'only as yet to Captain Edgar, arid it is' said there are ; persons in Sydney reidy to, take the matter up: " 1 ' 