-"THE TRUTH OF ETERNAL PUNISH- MENT." IN last week's Advocate we could do little more than acknowledge the receipt of this remarkably able reply to Dr. Bromby; but we have since bad time to look through it with more attention, and have now the pleasure of quoting a few extracts from it. But in the first place we wish to mention that the author —Verax—was the first to answer Dr 4 Bromby. He did so in these columns, and we are quite sure that his able papers satisfied our readers that the " reverend" doctor had met with an antagonist more than a match for him, though this knight in the cause of Christianity en- . tered the lists nameless and unknown. After victory he now conies forward under the title • he has won, still more confirmed in his claims to gratitude and consideration. For in his pamphlet Verax has recast the communications which appeared in this journal. He has taken up some new points, dealt more exhaustively with those previously handled, and rendered the reply complete and exhaustive The completeness of the refutation is very remarkable in the chapter dealing with Dr. Bromby's denial of an eternity of punishment, and we should like to copy it without curtailment. But as our readers will purchase the •work for themselves, the following extract will suffice for our purpose:— The argument is not founded on the false supposition that the words eternal, everlasting, &c.;, nave but one meaning—that they can never express anything short of eternity—hut on the true principle that we cau unerringly distinguish •when they are to be understood strictly and when figuratively. Of all figures of speech, none is more common "than hyperbole (exaggeration). We use it to express our meaning emphatically. Thus we say of an orator— " He is a Cictro or a Demosthenes." "We use the "words eternal, everlasting, &e.;, to express even short spaces of time— "ft appeared to mean eternity. —1 thought he'd never stop.—His everlasting talk." Similarly the words, heaven, paradise, hell, &c.;, " A heaven upon earth—a perfect paradise—I suffered the tortures of hell." Even tlie word God is applied inJScripture not •only to'angels, but to men—and bad men: " I have said you are Gods."—Psalm lxxri. 6. "We even find occasionally the words God and eternity used in the same sentence in different significations. " God hath stood in the congregation of Gods."—Psalm hood. 1. "The eternal hills liave bowed down from the journeys of his fXernity."—Hab. iii. 6. We never run the least risk of being misled by such language. We know that there never was or'•will be but one Cicero really, though there' may be many liyperbolieoMy. We know that'the' most incorrigible talker cannot continue for* more than a few hours at the very worst. ' If we hear a man speak of eternal reward or punishment, we understand the word strictly, butif lie speak of eternal friendship or eternal foolery,it is exaggeration. Now why should hyperbole be banished from Scripture ? . Figures of speech, far from rendering iauguageobscute, serve ?to.express tlie idea more,strongly, or paint it.more vividly. And if generally., ,ad^ssible, why should exceptions'be made t^ its employment in the case of the word , eternal ?, - '.",,.' !, Will TDz. Bromby jSay that in tlie text of fefc, T 'Aiid these shall go into evei lasting punishment; but the just into life cwltftthiii."—the word isnottakeu in.the same casesT What are his reasons for so strange an assertion ? s Will he affirm that 41ua doctrine is notlaid down in thb texts above ^ ^ ^ wffije^lhgly or collectively ? ' Will j he tj^'^e^ntire Christian ,"\vorld is mistaken iu 'tiie , interpretation of . Scripture, while f&igii;^e'imrfifira • • ^ ; i •. : r jQp^ <^estioQ:ft£gr?a£ iuternfc^thpi of the condition of the unbaptized infants in the world to come—Verax is very explicit, He says:— An invariable rule in the economy of Revela-. tion is, that while everything necessary for salvation is made known to UB, our curiosity is never gratified. God has. asserted and inculcated in the Scriptures the eternal woe that awaits the wicked with a clearness and earnestness commensurate with its awful importance, but He has told nothing more -of the fate of those who. die without Daptism than is contained in our Saviour's declaration to Nicodemus, " A men, amen, 1 say to thee, unUwaman be bom again of wai&r; and the Holy Ghost, he cannot.enter into the kingdom of God.''—John iii. 5\. For a poor infant, therefore, to die without baptism is a misfortune of inconceivable magnitude. • This it is necessary' for as know, in order that .we may be solicitons. about the salvation of those little ones, but it imports us not to know more particularly what their fate is beyond this point Revelation is silent. Ittis consequently impossible to pronounce on their lot with absolute certainty, but the opinion received as most probable by Catholic theologians is that they not only suffer no pain whatever, but that, they • enjoy a. very high degree of happiness, though, of course, the supreme felicity of seeing God as He is can never be theirs. Thus on the one hand they lie under a very heavy condemnation, and undergo a very severe punishment, while on the other, as their - actual will- has never rebelled against God, it is not forced to suffer the rebellion of pain. It seems a little paradoxical that pvnishment and happiness should be combined, but a familiar comparison will remove the apparent incom patibility. Suppose a sovereign to have raised a peasant to the rank of a prince : unhappily, the newly made prince plays the traitor, and as punishment he is reduced to his original low condition, and condemned to death j.his children, instead of being born princes, come into the world mere peasants, just as they should have done had their father never been raised above his natural station. Can it be denied that this is a degradation, a dejirivation, a punishment? "Yet, if we suppose them to inhabit a fertile region and to want for nothing, there is no reason why they should not enjoy the happiness natural to their position, and which they would have enjoyed had there been no elevation and no degradation. If you further suppose the sovereign to recall the sentence of death against the father and to declare that if he but prove on further trial faithful, he shall be restored to the dignity from which he had fallen, while such of his descendants as shall have fulfilled in their regard a certain condition shall be likewise granted an opportunity of earning by their fidelity the same honour, you have, as far as comparisons go, a fair explanation of what very probably is the fate of unbaptized children. They remain in their lowly condition, and while enjoying great natural happiness, undergo a punishment, the grievousness of which we may in this life believe, but in no manner realise—the punishment of being for ever excluded from Heaven and debarred from the Beatific vision of God. But they on whom the waters of Baptism have flowed are " the adopted children of God and. co-heirs with Christy—Bom. viii. . And, if they be but true to themselves, will in a very few years enter on the possession of their eternal heritage. A difficulty suggests itself against the explanation given. Will not the knowledge of their loss be sufficient to destroy all happiness ? The answer is twofold : 1st—they may never suspect it; 2nd—even if they do, it'is not inconceivable that they may be in no way affected by th e loss of what they never possessed and never deserved, just as we are nojt, troubled with unavailing regrets that we are not angels. The style in which wholesome truths are put in the following extract will he at the same time' amusing and instructive to our readers:— Some person signing his name "John" asked the Doctor "why he did' not stand on the banks of the Yarra and stop some of the wretched beings from plunging week after week into suicidal death ?" Without having the letter before us, it is not easy to pronounce absolutely on " John's" meaning,- but it is probable he meant to say that the Doctor's theory of the second death was an incentive to suicide. By umorously taking the invitation to stand on the banks of the Yarra.literally, and.pointing out the manifest impossibility of "one man's - commanding both banks of that long and winding stream," he. dexterously avoids "John's " thrust. Then, having compassionately smiled'' away "John's" well-meant but foolish idea, that the terrors of hell could have any effect in diminishing thieving and prostitution, he kindly conies to the honest fellow's assistance, and composing himself to seriousness, promises to "blurt out one or two crude .ideas;" and he keeps his word, for they are as crude as can be well conceived. - : . • • . Whatever people's thoughts may have'been in reading the others,' the idea Of the "National Church" probably excited soihe curiosity. The 1 word " Church " usuaUy;implies a congregation of people"who profess the 1 same beliefs.' - How many aiticleS'-would there be in' ; Dr. Bromby's National Church?:; Gepfcainly,, he^pould not have anything like ,thirty;nine, , would ibe nteresting to kuow'what,,people, wouldbe expected to.belieVe.-.:It would,.,!of -course, be a minimum, to meet the requirements of allparties. The belief of the Trinity is not to bg masted on, else the Unitarian would not, be admissiblenor the eternity of punishment,:elpe the Founder of the Church would be himself excluded, ihjtil .If we; could tfpfcreTbcto'for,them it woild ivotfL ^.j^^^Msi^'tdj^l^.fiiirt^^ trapts .froni the ^iiblication; butSvfe j^)t'jie4ye r w, readers. to,improve with its coiiteriis after purchasing it J 1 "' I '•*" 