UKGLE SILAS : A TAT.K OF BARTRAM-HAUGH, SHATTER V. SIGHTS Js5n> KOISliS. BY 3. S. LE tAXU, Author of •• Wylder's Hand," "The House by tlie Churchyard." &c.;, &c.; There is not an old house in England of which tho servants and young people who live in it do not clicrish some traditions of the ghostly. Knowl Las its shadows, noises, and marvellous records, Rachel Ruthyn, the beauty of Queen Anne's lime, who died of grief for the handsome Colonel Norbrooke, who was killed in the Low Countries, walks the house by night, in crisp and sounding silks. She is not seen, only henrd. The tapping of her higli-beeled shoos, the sweep and rustle of her brocade, her sighs as she pauses in the galleries, near the bed-room doors; and sometimes, on stormy nights, her sobs. There is, beside, the " Iinkman," a lank, •dark-faced, black-haired tnan, in a sable suit, with a link or torch in his hand. It usually only smoulders, with a deep red glow, as ho visits his beat. The library is one of the rooms he sees to. Unlihe "Lady Rachel," as the maids called her, he is seen only, never heard. His steps fall noiseless as shadows on floor and carpet. Tho lurid glow of his smouldering torch imperfectly lights his figure and face, and, except when much perturbed, his link never blazes. On those occasions, however, as he goes his rounds, he ever and anon whirls it round his head, and it bursts into a dismal flame. This is a fearful omen, and always portends some direful crisis or calamity. It occurs, however, only once or twice in a century. I don't know whether Madame had hoard anything of these phenomena ; but she did report what very much frightened me and Mary jQuince. She asked us who walked in the gallery on which her bed-room opened, making a rustling with her dress, and going down the stairs, and breathing long breaths here and there. Twice, she said, she had stood at her door in tho dark, listening tu these sounds, and once she called to know who it was. There was no answer- but the person plainly turned back, and hurried towards her with an unnatural speed, which made her jump within her door and shut it. When first such tales are told, they excite the nerves of the young and the ignorant intensely. But the special effect, I have found, soon wears out, and the tale simply takes its place with the rest. So it was with Madame's narrative. About a week after its relation, I had my experience of a similar sort. Mary Quince went dowii- stnirsgfor a night-light, leaving me in bed, a candle burning in the room, and there, being tired, I fell asleep before her return. When I awoke the candle had been extinguished. But I heard a step softly approaching. I jumped up—quite forgetting the ghost, and thinking only of Mary Quince— and opened the door, expecting to see the light of her candle. Instead, all was dark, and near me I heard the fall of a bare foot on the oak floor. It was as if some one had stumbled. I said," Mary," but no answer came, only a rustling of clothes and a breathing at the other side of the gallery, which passed off towards the upper staircase. I turned into my room, freezing with horror, and slammed ray door. The noise awakened Mary Quince, who had returned and gone to her bed half .an hour before. About a fortnight after this, Mary Quince, a very veracious spinster, reported to me, that having got up to fix the. window, which was rattling, at about four o'clock in the morning, she saw a light shining from the library window. * She could swear to its being a strong light, streaming through the chinks of the shutter, and moving, as no doubt the link was waved about his head by the angry "link-man." These strange occurrences helped, I think, just then to make me nervous, and prepared the way for the odd sort of ascendency which, through my sense of the mysterious and supernatural, that repulsive Frenchwoman was gradually, and it seemed .without effort, establishing over me. Some dark points of her character speedily emerged from the prismatic mist with which she had enveloped it. Mrs. Rusk's observation about the agreeability of new-comers I found to be true; for as Madame began to lose that character, her good-humour abated very perceptibly, and Bhe began to show gleams of another sort of temper, that was lurid and dangerous. Notwithstanding this, she was in the habit of always having her Bible open by -her, and was austerely attentive at morning and evening services, and asked my father, with great humility, to lend her some translations of Swedcnborg's books, which she laid much to heart . When lie front out for our walk, if the Weather were bad we generally made our promenade up and down the broad terrace in front of the windows. Sullen and malign at times she used to look, and as suddenly she would pat me on the shoulder caressingly, and smile with a grotesque benignity, asking tenderly, " Are you fatigue, ma chero ?" or " Are you cold-a, dear Maud ?" At first these abrupt transitions puzzled me, sometimes half frightened me, savouring, I fancied, of insanity. The key, however, was accidentally supplied, and I found that these accesses of demonstrative affection were Bure to supervene whenever my father's face Ivas visible through the library windows. I did not know well what to make of this woman, whom I feared with a vein of Superstitious dread: I hated being alone with her after dusk in the school-room. She -would Sometimes sit for half an hour at a time, toith her wide month drawn down at the corners, and a scowl, looking into the fire, tf she. saw me looking at her, she would change all this on the instant, affect a sort of languor, and lean her head upon her hand, and ultimately have recourse to her Bible. But I fancied she did not read, but pursued her own dark ruminations, for I "observed that the open book might often lie for half an hour or more under her eyes and yet the leaf never ~ turned. ; • <•••,... I should have been glad to be assured that she prayed "When on her knees, or readwhenthat hook-was before her; 1 should have idtthat Bhe was more canny and human. As Tit 1titose\«riemdi pieties made a ...trospiision'w a hollow contrast with realities $c83$ him; yet it was but * sguipicion^i^KiiMnotbe certain. -Oar -rectorand the cfcrate, with whom' she SFas veiy gracious, ennoDB about: tnyeollflcte andscateclusn, hadjm exalted' opinion of her. In public places her affection for me was always demonstrative. In like manner she contrived conferences with my father. She was always making excuses to consult him abont my reading, anil to confide in him her sufferings, as I learned, from my contumacy and temper. The fact is, I was altogether quiet and submissive. But I think she had a wish to reduce me to a state of the most abject bondage. She had designs of domination and subversion regarding the entire household, I now believe, worthy of the evil spirit I sometimes fancied her. My father beckoned me into the study one day, and said he— " You ought not to give poor Madame so much pain. She is one of the few persons who take an interest in you; why should she have so often to complain of your ill-temper and disobedience ?—why should she be compelled to ask my permission to punish you ? Don't bo afraid, I won't concede that. But in so kind a person it argues much. Affection I can't command—respect and obedience I may — arid I insist on your rendering both to Madame." " But, sir," I said, roused into courage by the gross injustice of the charge, " I have always done exactly as she bid me, and never said one disrespectful word to Madame." "I don't think, child, you are the best judge of that. Go, and amend." And with a displeased look he pointed to tho door. My heart swelled with the sense of wrong, and as'I reached the door I turned to say another word, but 1 could not, and only burst into tears. " There—don't cry, little Maud—only let us do better for the future. There—there— there has been enough." And he kissed my forehead, and gently put me out and closed the door. In the school-room I took courage, and with some warmth upbraided Madame. "Wat wicked cheaile!" moaned Madame, demurely. " Bead aloud those three—yes, time three chapters of the Bible, my dear Maud." There was no special fituess in those particular chapters, and when they were ended she said in a sad tone— "Now, dear, you must commit to memory this pretty priaire for umility of art." It was a long one, and in a state of profound irritation I got through the task. Mrs. Busk hated her. She said she stole wine and brandy whenever the opportunity ofl'ercd—that she was always asking her for such stimulants and pretending pains in her stomach. Here, perhaps, there was exaggeration ; but I knew it was true that 1 had been at different times despatched on that errand and pretext for brandy to Mrs. Busk, who at last came to her bedside with pills and a mustard blister only, and was hated irrevocably ever after. I felt all this was done to torture me. But a day is a long time to a child, and they forgive quicldy. It was always with a sense of danger that I heard Madame say she must go and see Monsieur Ruthyn in the library, and I think a jealousy of her growing influence was an ingredient in the detestation in which honest Mrs. Husk held her. CHAPTER 71. A WALK IN THE WOOD. Two little pieces of by- play in which I detected her confirmed my unpleasant suspicion-. From the corner of the gallery I one day saw her, when she thought I was out and all quiet, with her ear at the keyhole of papa's study, as we used to call the sitting-room next his bed-room. Her eyes were turned in the direction of the stairs, from which only she apprehended surprise. Her great mouth was open, and her eyes absolutely goggled with eagerness. She was devouring all that was passing there. I drew back into the shadow with a kind of disgust and horror. She was transformed into a great gaping reptile. I felt that I could have thrown something at her; but a kind of fear made me recede again toward my room. Indignation, however, quicldy returned, and I came back, treading brigkly as I did so. When I reached the angle of the-gallery again, Madame, I suppose, had heard me* for she was half way down the stairs. " Ah, my dear cheailej I am so glad to find you, and you are dross to come out. We shall have so pleasant walk." At that moment the door of my father's study opened, and Sirs. Busk, •with her dark energetic face very much flushed, stepped out in high excitement. " The Master says you may have the brandy-bottle, Madame, and I'm glad to be rid of it—/am." • . Madame courtesied with a -great smirk, that was full of intangible hate and insult. " Better your own brandy, if drink you must!" exclaimed Mrs. Rusk. "You may como to the store-room now, or the butler can take it." And off whisked Mrs. Rusk for the back staircase. There had been no common skirmish on this occasion, but a pitched battle. Madame had made a sort of pet of Anne Wixted, an uuder-chambermaid, and attached her to her interest economically by persuading me to make her presents of some old dresses and other ^things, Anne was such an angel 1 But Mrs; Rusk, whose eyes were about her, detected Anne, with a brandy-bottle under her aproni stealing upstairs. Aline, m a panic, declared thetruth. Madame had commissioned her to buy it in the town, aud convey it to her bed- room. Upon this, Mrsi Rusk impounded the flask; and, with Anne beside her, rather precipitately appeared before "the Master." He heard, and summoned Madame; Madame was cool, frank, and fluent. The brdndy was purely medicinal. She produced a document in form of a note. Doctor Somebody presented Ins compliments to Madame de la Rougierre, and ordered her a table-spoonful of brandy and some drops of laudanum -whenever the pain of stomach returned. The flask would last -a whole year, perhaps two. She claimed her medicine., Man's estimate of woman is higher than woman's own. Perhaps in their rektions to man they are generally more trustworthy— perhaps woman's is the juster, and the other an appointed illusion, I don't know; but so it is ordained. 4 v Mtb. Rusk was rSillcd, and I saw, as you are aware, Madame's procedure dining the interview. It was a great battle—a greftt victoiy. Madame was in high spirits. The air was sweet—the landscape charming—L so good— everything so ^aulifid! Where should we go ? this way V I had made a-Tesolulionio speak as little as p t t a t u n a ossible to Madame, I was so incensed at the reachery I had witnessed; but such resoluions do not last long with very young people, nd by the time we had reached the skirts of he wood we were talking pretty much as sual. " I don't wish to go into the wood, Madame." " And for what 9" " Poor mamma is buried there." . " Is there the vault ?" demanded Madame, eagerly. I assented. "My faith, curious reason; you say because poor mamma is buried there you will ot approach! Why, cheaile, what would good Monsieur Ruthyn 6ay if he heard such thing? You are surely not'so unkain', and I am with you. Allons. Let us come—even little part of way." Ami so I yielded, though still reluctant. There was a grass-grown road, which we easily reached, leading to the sombre building, and we soon arrived before it. Madame de la Rougierre seemed rather curious. She sat down on the little bank opposite, in her most languid pose—her head leaned upon the tips of her fingers. "How very sad—how solemn!" murmured Madame. " What noble tomb ! How triste, my dear cheaile, your visit 'ere must it be, remembering a so sweet maman. There is new inscription—is it not new ?" And so, indeed, it seemed. " I am fatigue—maybe you will read it aloud to me slowly and solemnly, my dearest Maud ?" As I approached, I happened to look, I can't tell why, suddenly, over my shoulder; I was startled, for Madame was grimacing after me with a vile derisive distortion. She pretended to be seized with fit of coughing. But it would not do ; she saw that I had detected her, and she laughed aloud. " Come here, dear cheaile. I was just reflecting how foolish is all this thing—tho tomb—the epitaph. I think I would 'av none —no, no epitaph. We regard them first for the oracle of the dead, and find them after only the folly of the living. So I despise. Do you think your house of lvnowl down there is what you call haunt, my dear ?" " Why ?" said I, flushing aud growing palo again. I felt quite afraid of Madame, and confounded at tho suddenness of all this. " Because Annie Wixted says there is a ghost. How dark is this place ! and so many of the Ruthyn family they are buried here— is not so ? How high and thick are the trees all round; aud nobody comes near." Aud Madame rolled her eyes awfully, as if she expected to see something unearthly, and, indeed, looked very like it herself. " Come away, Madame," I said growing frightened, and feeling that if I were ouce, by accident, to give way to the panic that was gathering round me, I should instantaneously lose all control of myself. "Oh, come away f —do, Madame—I'm frightened." " No, on the contrary, sit here by me. It is very odd, you will think, ma chere—un gout bizarre, vraiment!—but I love very much to be near to the dead people—in solitary place like this. I am not afraid of the dead people, nor of the ghosts. 'Av you ever see a ghost, my dear ?" "Do, Madame, pray speak of something else." "Wat little fool! But no, you are not afraid. I 'av seen the ghosts myself. I saw one, for example, last night, shape like a monkey, sitting in the corner, with his arms round his knees ; very wicked, old, old man his face was like, and white eyes so large." " Come away, Madame! you are tiyiug to frighten me," I said, in the childish anger which accompanies fear. Madame laughed an ugly laugh, and said— " Eh bien! little fool !—I will not tell the rest if you are really frightened; let us change to something else." " Yos, yes ! oh, do —pray do." " Wat good man is your father !" "Very — tho kindest darling. I don't know why it is, Madame, I am so afraid of him, and never could tell him how much I love him." This confidential talking with Madame, strange to say, implied no confidence; it resulted from fear—it was deprecatory. I treated lier as if she had human sympathies, in the hope that they might be generated somehow. " Was there not a doctor from London with him a few months ago ? Dr. Bryerly, I think they call him." "Yes, a Doctor Bryerly, who remained a few days. Shall we begin to walk toVrards home, Madame ? Dp, pray." " Immediately, cheaile, ; and does your father suffer much ?" " No—I think not." " And what then is his disease ?" " Disease ! he has no disease. Have you heard anything about his health, Madame ?" I said, anxiously. " Oh no, ma foi—I have heard nothing; but if the doctor came, it was not because he was quite well." " But that doctor is a doctor in theology, I fancy. I know he is a Swedenborgian; and papa is so well, he could not have come as a physician." "J am very glad, ma chere, to hear; but still you know your father is an old man to have so young a cheaile as you. Oh, yos—he is old man, and so uncertain life is. 'As he made his will, my dear ? Every man so rich as he, especially so old, aught to have mode iiis wills " There is no need of haste, Madame; it is quite time enough when his health begins to feil." " But has he really compose no will?" " I really don't know, Madame." " Ah, little rogue! you will not tell—but you are not such fool as you feign yourself. No, no; you know everything. Gome, tell me all about—it is for yonr advantage, you know. . What is in his will, and when he wrote." " Bat Madame, I really know nothing about it. I can't say whether there is a will or not. Let as talk of something else." " Bat, cheailie, it will not kill Monsieur Ruthyn to make his will; he will not come to lie here a day sooner by cause of that; but if hemakenowill, you may lose a great deal of the property. Would not that be a pity?" . . . " I really don't know anything of his wiU. If papa has made one he has never spoken of it to me. X know he loves me—that is enough." „ ' •• ""Ah! yonre not such a little goose—you do know everything, of course.: Gome, come, tell me, little obstinate, otherwise I will break your little finger. Tell me everything." «X know nothing of papa's wilL You don't know, Madame, how you pain me. Do let us Bpeak of something else." " You do know, ond you must tell, petite dure-tete, or I will break a your leetle finger." With which Words she seized that joint, and laughing spitefully, she twisted it suddenly back. I screamed ; she continued to laugh. " Will you tell ? " "Yes, yes ! let me go," I shrieked. She did not release it, however, immediately, but continued her torture and discordant laughter. At last, however, she did release my finger. " So she is going to be good cheaile, and to tell everything to her affectionate gouvernante. What do you cry for, little fool ? " " You've hurt me very much—you have broken my finger," I sobbed. " Rub it and blow it, and give it a kees, little fool! What cross girl! I will never play with you again—never. Let us go home." Madame was silent and morose all the way home.- She would not answer my questions, and affected to be very lofty and offended. This did not last very long, however, and she soon resumed her wonted ways. And she returned to the question of the will, but not so directly, and with more art. Why should this dreadful woman's thoughts be running so continually upon my father's will ? How could it concern her ? CHAPTER YH: CHtmCH SCAIISDALE. I think all the females of our household, except Mrs. Rusk, were at open feud with her, and had only room for the fiercer emotions, were more or less afraid of this inauspicious foreigner. Mrs. Rusk would say in her confidences in my room— : ''Where does she como from ?—is she a French or a Swiss one, or is she a Canada woman ? I remember one of they)i when I was a girl, and a nice lamb she was, too ! And who did she live with ? Where was her last family ? Not one of us knows nothing about her, no more than a child; except, of course, the Master—I do suppose he made inquiry. She's always at hugger-mugger with Anne Wixted. I'll pack that one about her business, if sho don't mind. Tattling and whispering eternally. It's not about her own business she's a-talking. Madame de la llougepot, 1 call her. She does know how to paint up to the ninety-nines—she does, the old cat. 1 beg your pardon, Miss, but that she is—a devil, and no mistake. I found her out first by her thieving tho Master's gin, that the doctor ordered him, and filling the decanter up with water—the old villain; but she'll be found out yet, she will; and all the maids is afraid on lier. She's nfct light, they thing—a witch or a ghost—I should not wonder. Catherine Jones found her in her bed asleep in the morning after she sulked Vith you, you know, Miss, with all her cloths on, whatever was the meaning; and I think she has frightened you, Miss, and has you as nervous as anythink—I do," and so forth; It was ti'ue. I )vas nervous, and growing rather more so ? and I think this cynical woman perceived and intended it, aud was pleased. I was always afraid of her concealing herself in my room, and emerging at night to scare me. She began sometimes to mingle in my dreams, too—always awfully ; aud this nourished, of course, the kind of ambiguous fear in which, in waking hours I held her. I dreamed one night that she led mei all the time whispering something so very fast that I could not understand her, into the library, holding a candle in her other hand above* her head. We walked on tiptoe, like criminals at the dead of night, and stopped before that old oak cabinet wliich my father had indicated in so odd a way to me. I felt that wo were about soino contraband practice. There was a key in the door, which I experienced a guilty horror at turning, sho whispering in the same unintelligible way, all the time, at my ear. I did turn it; the door opened quite softly, and within stood my father, his face white and malignant, and glaring close in mine. He cried in a terrible voice, " Death!" Out went Madame's caudle, and at the same moment, with a scream, I walked in tho dark—still fancying myself in the library; and for an hour after I continued in a hysterical state. Every little incident about Madame furnished a topic of eager discussion among the maids. More or less covertly, they nearly all hated and feared fiev. They fancied that she was making good her footing with the Master;" aud that she would then oust Mrs. Rusk— perhaps usurp her place—and so make a clean sweep of theiu alL I fancy the honest little housekeeper did not discourage that suspicion. About this time I recollect a pedlar—an odd, gipsified-looking man—called in at Knowl. I and Catherine Joues were in the court wherilie came, and set do™ his pack on the low balustrade beside the door. All sorts of commodities he had—ribbons, cottons, silks, stockings, lace, and even some bad jewellery; and just as he began his display—an interesting matter in a quiet country house—Madam came upon the ground. He grinned a recognition, and hoped " Madamasel" was well, and "did not look to see Iter here;" " Madauiasel" thanked him. "Yes, vary well," and looked for the first time decidedly " put out." " Wat a pretty things !" sho said. " Catherine, run and tell Mrs. Rusk. She wants scissors, and lace too—I heard her say." So Catherine, with a lingering look, He ; parted ; and Madame said— "Will you, dear cheaile, be so land to bring here my purse, I forgot on the table in my room; also, I advise you, bring your." Catherine returned with Mrs; Brisk. Here was & man who coold tell them something of the old Frenchwoman; at last! . Slyly they dawdled over his wares, nntil Madame had made her market and departed with me; Bat when the coveted opportunity came, the pedlar was quite impenetrable. " He forgot everything; he did not believe as he ever saw the lady before. He called a Frenchwoman, all the world over, Madamasel— that wor the name on 'em all. Hie never seed her in partiklar afore, as he . could bring to mind; He liked to see 'em always, 'cause they makes the young nns buy; This reserve' and Oblivion were vety provoking, and neither Mrs. Rusk nor Catherine Jones spent sixpence with him;—he was a stupid fellow, or worse. Of course Madame had tampered with him; Bat trntbi like murder, will, oat some day. Tom Williams; 'the groom, had seen her, when alone with him, and pretending to look at his stock, with her face almost buried in his alks and Welsh linsejs, talking as fast as she could all the time, and slipping money, ho did suppose, under a piece of stuff in his box. n In the mean time, I and Madame were walking over the wide, peaty sheep-walks that lie between Rnowl and Church Scavsdale. Since our visit to the mausoleum in the wood, she had not worried me so much as before. She had been; indeed, more than usually thoughtful, very little talkative,-and troubled me hardly at all about French and other accomplishments: A walk was a part of our daily routine: I now carried a tiny basket in my hand, with a few sandwiches, which were to furnish our luncheon when we reached the pretty scene, about two miles away, whither we were tending. We had started a little too late; Madame grew unwontedly fatigued, and sat dowii to rest on a stile before we had got half-way; and there she intoned, with a dismal nasal cadence, a quaint old Bretagne ballad, about a lady with a pig's head:— " This lady was neither pipr nor maid. And so Bile wjis not of human mould ; Not of the living nor (ile (lend. Her left hand nud foot were warm 1o touch; Her rijrht as cold afl,a corpse's flesh ! Aud she would elnglikea funeral bell, with a dingdong tune. Tbcpi£6 were afraid, and viewed lier aloof; And women feared lier aud stood afar. .She could do without sleep for a year and a day; She could sleep like a corpse, for a nionih and more. No one knew how this lady fed— On acorns or ou flu*h. Some eiiy that she's one of the sirine-posscsscd. That swam over the sea of Genuesaret. A mongrel body and demon soul. Some say she's the wife of tile Wandering* Jew, And broke the law for the sake of pork; And a swinish f*ce for a token doth bear. That her shame is now, aud her punishment coming." And so it went on, in a gingling rigmarole. The more anxious I seemed to go on our way, the more likely was she to loiter. I therefore showed no signs of impatience, and I saw ber consult her watch in the course of her ugly minstrelsy, and slyly glance, as if expecting something, in the direction of our destination. When she had sung to her heart's content, tip rose Madame, and began to walk onward silently. I saw ber glance once or twice, as before,. toward the village of Trillswortb, which lay in front, a little to our left, and the smoke of which hung in a film over the brow of the hill. I think she observed me, for she enquired— " Wat is that a smoke there ?" " That is Trillswortb, Madacue; there is a railway station there." " Oh, le chernin de fer, so near ! I did not think. Where it goes ?" I told her, and silence returned. Church Scarsdale is a very pretty and odd scene. The slightly undulating sheep-walk dips suddenly into a wide glen, in tlie lap of wliich, hj- a bright, winding rill, rise from the sward the ruins of a small abbey, with a few solemn trees scattered round. The crows' nests hung untenanted in the trees; the birds were foraging far away from their roosts. The very cattle had forsaken the place. It was solitude itself, Madame drew a long breath and smiled. " Come down, come down, cheaile—come down to the churchyard." As we descended the slope which shut out the surrounding world, and the scene grew more sad and lonely, Madame's spirits seemed to rise. " See W many grave-stones—one, two hundred. Don't you love the dead, cheaile? I will teach you to love them. You shall see me die here to-day, for halt an hour, and be among them. That is what I love." We were by this time at the little brook's side, and the low churchyard wall with a stile, reached by a couple of stepping-stones, across the stream, immediately at the other side. Come, now !" cried Madame, raising her face, as if to sniff the air; " we are close to them. You will like them soon as I. You shall see five of ihern. Ah, ca ira, r;a ira, ca ira ! Come cross quickily ! I am Madame la Morgue—Mrs. Deadhouse ! I will present you my friends, Monsieur Oadavre and . Monsieur Sqv.elbtte, Come, come, leetle mortal, let us pluy. Ouaah!" And she uttered a horrid yell from her enormous mouth, and pushing her wig and bonnet back, so as to show her great, bald hfead. She was laughing, and really looked quite mad. " No, Madame, I will not go with you," T said, disengaging my hand with a violent effort, receding two or three steps. " Not eater the churchyard! Ma foi—Wat mauvais gout! But see, we are already iu shade. The sun he is setting soon—where weel you remain, cheaile ? I will not Stay long." " I'll stay here," I said, a little angrily—for I nan angry as well as nervous; and through my fear was that indignation at her extravagances which mimicked lunacysounpleasantly, and were, I knew, designed to frighten me. Over the stepping-stones, pulling up her dress, she skipped with her long, lank legs, like a witch joining a Walpurgis. Over the stile she strode, and I saw her head wagging, and beard her sing some ot her ill-omened rhymes, as she capered solemnly, with many a grin and courtesy, among the graves and headstones, towards the ruin. CHAPTER YHI. THE SMOKED. "fhree years later I learned—in a way she probably little expected, and then did not much care about—what really occurred there. I learned even phrases and looks—for the story was related by one who bad heard it tolrl—aud therefore f venture to narrate what at the moment I neither saw nor suspected. While I sat, flushed and nervous, upon a flat stone by the bank of the little stream, Madame looked over her shoulder, and perceiving that I was out of sight, she abated her pace, and turned sharply towards the ruin which lay at ber left; It was her first visit, and she was merely exploring; but now, with a perfectly shrewd and business like air, turning the corner of the building, she saw, skated upon the edge of a grave-stone, a> rather fat and flasbily-dress^fl young man, with large, light whiskers, a jerry hat, gteen cutaway coat with gilt buttons, and waistcoat and trousers rather striking than elegant in pattern, lie was smoking a short pipe, and made a nod to Madame, without either removing it from bis iips or rising, but With his brown and rather good-looking face turned up; he ejed her with something of the impudent and sulky expression Stat was habitual to it "Ha; Deedle, you are there! an' look so well. I am here, too, qnite olon; but my friend, she wait outside the churchyard, byside the leetle river, for she must not think I know you—so I ani come alon." *'You're a quarter late, and I lost a fight by yon, old.girl, this morning," said the gay man, and spat on the ground; " and I wish yon would not call me Diddle. I'll call yon Granny if yon do." " Eh bein! Dud, then. She is vaiy nice —wat you like. Slim waist^ wite teeth, vaiy nice eyes—dark—wat you say is best—and ice leetle foot ankle." Madame smiled leeringly. Dud smoked bn. " Go ou," said I>ud, with a nod of command. " I am teach her to sing and play-^he has such sweet voice!" There was another interval here. " Well, that isn't much good. I hate woman's screechin' about fairies aud flowers. Hang her! there's a scarecrow as sings at Curl's Divau. Such a caterwauling upon a stage ! I'd like to put my two barrels into her." • By this time Dud's pipe was out, and he could afford to converse. " You shall see her and decide. You will walk down the river, and pass her by." " That's as may be; howsoever, it would not do, nohow, to buy a pig in a poke, you know. And s'pose I shouldn't like her artei all ?" Madame sneered, with a patois ejaculation of derision. " Vary good! Then some one else will not be so 'ard to please—as you will soon find out." " Some one's bin a-lookin' arter her you mean ?" said the young man, with a shrewd uneasy glance on the cunning face of the French lady. " I mean precisely—that which I mean," replied the lady, with a teazing pause at tlie break I have marked. "Come old 'un, none of your d old chaff, if you want me to stay here listening to you. Speak out, can't you ? There's any chap as has bin a-lookin' arter her—is there ?" " Eh bien ! I suppose some." "Well, you suppose, and I suppose—we may all suppose, I guess ; but that does not make a thing be, as wasn't before; and you tell me as how the lass is kep' private up there and will be till you're done educating her— a precious good 'un that is!" And be laughed a little lazily, with the ivory handle of his cane on his lip, and eyeing Madame with indolent derision. Madame laughed, but looked rather dangerous. " I'm only chaffiu,' you know, old gill. You've bin cilnffin'—w y shouldn't 1 ? But I don't see why she can't wait a bit; and what's all the d d hurry for ? I'm in no hurry. I don't wint a wife on my back tor a while. There's no fellow marries till he's took his bit o'fun, and seen life—is there! Aud why should I be driving with her to fairs, or to church, or to meeting, by jingo !—tor they say she's a Quaker—with a bauby on each knee, only to please them as will be dead and rotten when I'm only beginning?" "Ah, you are such charming fellow; always the same—ahvaj's sensible. So I and my friend we will walk home again, and you go see Maggie Hawkes. Good-a-by, Dud— good-a-by.'' " Quiet, you lool 1—can't ye 1" said the young gentleman, with the sort of grin that made his face vicious when a horse vexed him. " Who ever said 1 wouldn't go look at the girl ? Why, you know that's just what I came here for—don't you ? Only when I think a bit, and n notion comes across me, why shouldn't (speak out? I'm not oneo' them shilly-shallies. If I like the girl, I'll not be mug in and mug out about it. Only, mind j'e, I'll judge for myself. Is that Let a-coming?" " No; it wa6 a distant sound." Madame peeped round the comer. No one was approaching. " Well, you go round that a-awny, and you only look at her, you know, for she is such fool—so nairrous." '• Oh, is that the way with her ?" said Dud, knocking out the ashes of his pipe, on a tombstone, and replacing the Turkish utensil in his pocket, " Well, then, old lass, good-bye," and he shook her hand. "And, do ye see; don't ye come up till I pass, for I'm no hand at play-acting-; an' if you called me " sir," or was coming it dignified and distant, you know, I'd be sure to laugh, a'most, and let all out. So good-bye, d'ye see, and if you want me again be sharp to time, mind. From habit he lookod about for his dogs; but he had not .brought one. He had come unostentatiously by rail, travelling in a thirdclass carriage, for the advantage of Jack Briderly's company, and getting a world of useful wrinkles about the steeple-chase that was coming off next week. So be strode away, cutting off the heads of the nettles with his cane as he went; and Madame walked forth into the open space among the graves, where I might have seen her, had I stood up, looking with the absorbed gaze of an artist on the ruin. In a little while, along the path, I heard the clank of a step, and the gentleman in the green cutaway coat, sucking his cane, and. eyeing me with an offensive familiar sort of stare the while, passed me by, rather hesitating as he did so. I was glad when he turned the corncr m the little hollow close by, and disappeared. I stood up at once, and was reassured by a sight of Madame, not very many yards away, looking at the ruin, and"apparently restored to ber right mind. The last beams of the sun wot by this time touching the uplands, and I m® longing to recommence our walk home. I was hesitating about calling to Madame, because that lady had a certain spirit of opposition within her, and to disclose a small msb of any sort was generally, if it lay in to power, to prevent its accomplishment. At this moment the gentleman in the green coat returned, approaching me with a slow sort of swagger. . , • "I say, Miss, I dropped a glove close oj here. May you have seen it ?" .. . " No, sir," I said, drawing back a little, and looking, I dare say, both frightened ana offended. , . -• " I do think I must'a dropped it close DJ your foot, Miss." " No, sir," 1 repeated "No offence; Miss, but you're sure J°u didn't hide it ?" „„ I was beginning to grow seriously uncomfortable. .« Don't be frightened, Miss; it's only a o* chaff I'm not going to search." . I tailed aloud, " Madame, Madame!" he whistled through his fingers, and sboW. "Madame, Madame," and added, "She's« deaf as a tombstone, or shell hear that. ber mv compliments, and say I said yonw beauty, Miss;" and with a laugh and a leer" strode off. , „{ excursion. Altogether Madame this bad not been a very pie® 8 >i j gobbled l.l.l_J up nnr our sso SSn®' ? witches, commending thein every now then to me. But I had been too tuucti cited to have any appetite left, and rerjiw I was when we reamed home; 