TOWN TATTLE. ? : ? ♦ ? : ? Many persons who profess to disbelieve in supernatural or preternatural visitations have an instinctive horror of darkness and solitude. This may arise simply from the dislike of being alone — to use a doubtful phrase — with them selves. It may be they love light more, be cause there is no danger of breaking their shins, or poking their eyes out, or scratching men* noses ; tney may have a hundred such very natural reasons, but I believe no ordi nary reason quite accounts for the feeling or the phenomena. The feeling cannot be ac counted for, either, if we jump with the saintly Zachary Barry to the' conclusion that ?'' it's all through the superstition of an ig norant Romish nurse' even if (though of course not in his case) the Romish nurse happened to be one's own -mother. This is the stock argument by which that Rev. gen tleman accounts for notions of strange things under the earth and over the earth. But it won't hold water. Nor, to have re course to an extreme antithesis, can we find ?rest in the dreamy depths of German philo sophy — even if we could touch bottom. ' The earth hath bubbles as the water has.' Shakespere says through the mouth of Ban quo. All races are imbued more or less with the idea avowed or tacitly accepted, though in countries where ghostly tradition hangs low and thick round the hills and moats and lonely glens its imprint on the mind is, of course, ?'??v*v*a ?v.«-\^»_» jL^i_f.i. luua.l XJ.J.\\_/JL Ks T JL \ XKA~t JL. 1X\J Xi.UCL CUVlLl. V? of Scotland and Ireland is saturated with such traditions. Pat acknowledges the feeling .with a laugh and a half mysterious joke, while Sandy, like a serious Christian as he is, reasons the matter out by profane and scrip tural quotation. And so there is dissimi larity in its visible effects on separate nations — its manifestation being scarcely percepti ble in some. Had it not been for a few instances, some quite recent and some of older date, though none very old, I should have said, this colony was wholly free from supernatural visitations, and from all belief in them. If it were not for the well-attested Campbelltown ghost story, and other Carnp belltown ghost stories more apochryplial ; that of the Dog Trap road apparition and one or two more of still more doubtful au thenticity — I should have said that civilized colonial society had hitherto had its night rest disturbed only by burglarious scoundrels with blackened faces — perhaps more dange rous visitors to plethoric sound-sleeping hu manity than any spirit that revisits the glimpses of the moon. Notwithstanding these and other evidences of the supernatu ral, and the misgivings of the flesh, I must say that I was always rather sceptical until the other day. And that brings me back to what I meant to have said at first without this long preamble. What has happened in the Assembly dissipated my doubts. Was it not awful that ' auld Clootie,' as he is irrever ently called, should have appeared — above all places in the world — at the antipodes ? But -*- w«.wjyvuw UV ISJLXLfLf Vl\\.l KS\SV V±1.\JJ. l_* CbX \S SX\J * 1- ' ' V' ' podes. Has his Satanic Majesty come to ' dissolve' an assembly still sinning its fast est with the impetuosity of youth? I* is scarcely likely. With his proverbially retir ing habits he snugly got behind the Speaker's chair, and his merry laugh denotes he was evidently at home there. He must have been since there, a second time, for who but the devil who could carry away £100 from the Speaker ? But I am afraid ' auld Clootie' is oftener in the Assembly than anybody imagines. How else could its members persevere in their iniquities as they have done for nearly a whole year ? Just fancy all the vows that must have been broken during that time. There has never, I do believe, been such a ' boxing of the compass' — morally and poli tically — before. Take any important vote during the session and yoii find one or more hon. members denying their promises, out facing their previously expressed opinions, or dodging them by abstaining from voting. I saw one instance of this sort of thing the other day too good to be let pass. I went to the House the day Buchanan's motion in favour of the separation of the offices of Attorney- General, Prime Minister, Grand Jury, &c;, came to a division. Some hon. members I knew had loudly denounced such an agglomeration of power and patronage in one officer, an officer who would likely be an eager and greedy politician. A good many that should have been there had levanted for the nonce, but I found that the hon. John Robertson had not. He too, had come out pretty strong not so many years ago. Well, it was reassuring to know, for one, he was not going to eat his words. After the Premier had very clearly explained — standing there quite big and palpable — that the Premier was a myth, somebody moved the adjournment of the debate. The 'poor man's friend' voted for the adjournment. The main question was put and — presto, fly ! the ' poor man's friend' was gone ! He didn't eat his words — he didn't stop. They are pretty stiff words toswallow. Here are his very words addressed to his constituents in November 1868. ' He (Mr. James Martin) was Premier, Attorney General, Grand Jury, Public Prosecutor, and a member of the Executive Council. That' he continues ' is a position of too much power for any man to be placed in. Suppose a man trod on Mr. Martin's toes and some kind of a prima facie case was made out against him, which might easily be done. The papers go before Mr. Martin, he being Attorney General. In England they would go to twelve men called a Grand Jury. Mr. Martin finds a true bill. That is the first notch he has got his friend into, and the man must stand his trial. Then Mr. Martin has all the power of the Government and any amount of the money of the Government, to use in obtaining a conviction against this man. Wo will suppose,' still continues Mr. Robertson to his edified and attentive audi ence, ' that the man, who probably has not much money, is convicted. You would think Mr. Martin was done with him then, and in the mother country he would be done with him for there the Attorney-General has noth ing to do with the prerogative of mercy. But Mr. Martin is a member of the Execu tive Council also, and when the papers come up to the Council, sent there, perhaps, by men who believe in the man's innocence, once more there stands Mr. Martin to try the case again ! I think,' indignantly ejaculated Mr. Robertson ' this is a position not to be per mitted in any country,' and in vindication of this opinion thus strongly expressed, Mr. Robertson skedaddles into the^; lobby when the question comes to a vote ! TATTLER. ? 4. ? 