SPORTIN G NOTES, BY « AUGUR." The return of a portion of the ring from Tas mania at the beginning of the week quite altered tde-afepect of HSairs nt the betting bourse, and on Tuesday morning a good deal of settling was got through. There are ho large winners on the meeting, Mr. Thompson having lost money upon every race save those won by his own filly, and the public sticking to Tim throughout the piece, enabled tbe bookmakers to eomebilt of the fray unscathed. There were anxious; inquiries for a rnushroom bookmaker," who ' ,had suddenly e orung up in the midst of the more healthy plants that adorn the circle, and who, -just as suddenly, f ided away, but the sorrowing friends of the de parted " welsher " received no other consolation than the refrain of a member of the ring who s -veetly warbled, " Can any one tell me where Celey's gone ? whereColey's gone ?" But, alas ! t lere was no response, although a wag suggested tiat, in all probability, he had gone to look after 1 is brother in adversity, the gentlemanly, aristo- f ratic Ward, who levanted after " welshing " to r ime tune at Ballarat. There should be little p vmpathy for those who have lost money through the nonappearance of the departed layerof theodds, lor he was a stranger amongst them, and there- lore should not have received support until it was known whether hewas possessed of the where withal to meet his liabilities. "Bet with tried inen," should be;the imaxim of ell . backers of h orses ; : and they vSil -find it .much sfer.to take 3 to I from a Joe JThompsoii, a Melhado, or., a Wallis, than 5 to l frqm some individual who suddenly appears in the ring, and" expresses .his imxiety "to. "lay agin anything, bar nothink." Take my advice, gentle public, and bet with.' tried men ; men who have stood the test, and when hit hard have not been" found " wanting." There was a fair amount "of business transacted oh the G-eeleng-events, books being openea on tbe Hurdle and Steeplechase, and the two handicaps. For i be jumping races, Reindeer was hacked tor win both at 100, to S ; Reindeer and Nareiese "at 100 to 6 ; Yorky and Rcihdeer, lOO.to 5 ; and with others for the SteeplecHase more liberal prices were booked. Romula was supported to win the 1 wo handicaps 'at 10t> to 6 and 'i 1 Prsetor and Flying Dutchman: at 200 to (f ; Flyfag Diitchman and Flying Dutchman at 2064-0 81 Stabler and Romula, 200 to 8 ; Tittle Dick ahti 'Romula, " 200 to 12 and 14; N imblefoOt arih Nimblefoot at 200 to 8; and Nimblefoot »nd n ng Dutchman at 200 to 6. Q.uadruple books were ppened, the -price being 200 to I, at which, figure Romula, Romula, Reindeer, and Reindeer were backed ; Little Dick, Romula, Reindeer and Reindeer ; Little Dick, Nimblefoot, Reindeer and Reindeer ; and the two Nimblefoots a-iidthe two Reindeers meeting with support alsc. The Australian Cop was touched upon by YFrrior being pencilled doioi XOQitnlba to me that this hoisp will not be half a bad thing for this race, though if SomulA be anything near so good as I take her t o be, she must nearly if not quite win this race. J3he is now the favourite at 100 to 20, these odds having been accepted about heron Tuesday ; and Nimblefoot was supported at 100 to IS. For the. Sydney Cup, Little Dick advanced a point or two, and had a friepd who booked 500 to 60 in favour of the winner of tbeTamar. The owner of Romula declared his willingness t-o accept 10CK) to 100 that his filly won the Sydney Cup, and offered those odds against Tim Whiffler, but Without leading to business. For the Elmore Handicap, Nimble foot was freely supported at 3 to 1, "and the same price was taken about Rambler, a point more being offered against The Dane. On Monday, the steamship Tamar brought back the principal portion of the. Victorian sporting men: who went over to Launceston to' assist at the Champion Meeting. AH sppke- highly of the enjoyable trip they had had, and were loud in their praises of the' good things provided by the hosts of the principal hotels in Launceston, but they say the arrangements of the racing folks were not up to Champion form ; there being a deal of. "cockatoo" -practices adopted. Mr. John Tait brought back ' Florence, and Pyrrbus, the mare looking but the Shadow of her former self. Mr, Tait informs me that Florence hurt herself severely iu the stable at Launceston, and owing to the extent of the injury, it was. found necessary to blister her. He has but . little ' hope, however, of a recovery sufficiently, quick to enable him to train her again this season, and I am sure everybody will regret, to hear that such is the .case; for plenty looked/forward to another great victory for the yellow and black in the A.J.C. St. Leger and Cold Cup. While in Tasmania, Mr. John Lof d presented to Mr. Tait a very niee two-year-old colt, by Lord of Lynne out of Reflection, by Sir Hercules out of the imported mare Mirror, as a memento of his visit to the . "tight little island." So handsome a present displays the friendly feeling existing between the sportsmen qf the two colonies, and goes a long way to show the esteem in which Mr. Tait is held by one of the oldest and most upright racing men of Australia. Mr. Joseph Thompson and Mr. James Wilson also returned by the same boat, bringing Romula and Mischief with them ; both looking as well as ever. By Thursday's steamer Joe Morrison was to bring Self- Reliance, Spitfire, and Amabilis, these tliree horses having been purchased from the Tasmanians by Mr. John Kerr, of Melbourne, who intends racing them at the forthcoming Autumn Meeting of the V.R.C. I had almost forgotten to mention that Narcisse, Reindeer, Flying Dutchman, and Nimblefoot returned by the Tamar, looking none the worse for their trip. Romula and Mischief, under the care of Mr. James Wilson, took their departure for G-eelong on Monday night, and the former will be put through the mill for her G-eelong engage ments, as usual, by her able custodian, who resides in the vicinity. Since my connection with The WeeJcly Times I have upon several occasions been requested by correspondents to give them, through this journal, my " tip" for particular races ; but this week I have been inundated with letters from all parts of the country asking for " good things" for the Geelong handicaps, the Australian Cup, and the Autumn Handicap. In answer to those who have favoured me. with their confidence, I beg to inform them that the columns of The "Weekly Times will always contain my opinions relative to the prospects of the horses engaged, in our prin cipal events ; but it is expectiDg a little too much to imagine that I am infallible, for though I have beeu exceedingly, successful in all of my prognosti cations this season, it is not at all likely that I shall be so fortunate iu every instance. However, I believe that if my advice be followed through out the season, the result will be satisfactory to those who act upon it, as I make it a point to visit Fiemington pretty often, and see for myself" which way the wind blows"' This week I give my ideas respecting the Geelong events, and I hope that ; after the meeting, I shall be able to congratulate myself upon being < right again." Those who are fortunate enough to win money through the advice tendered by me, will do well to contribute a portion of their winnings to some charitable institution, 'such as the Melbourne Hospital or Homoeopathic Dispensary, and thereby help to alleviate the sufferings of many who are not able to participate in the " good things" at- Geelong and Fiemington. . A reference to another para graph will show that I have already given my tip for the Autumn Handicap, and after the Geelong Meeting I shall give my final " double" for the Australian Gup and the Handicap. The weights for the Autumn Handicap liaye beep declared, but I question very much whether they will meet with the approbation of the ma jority of racing men. Mr. Barnard will continue his low standard, and the consequence is that about half-a-doxen horses have a good show, while the others are altogether put out of court. By the absurd system adopted, Amethyst and Romula, two three-year- olds, receive but 31b. from such a horse as Prsetor, an acknowledged clinker over this particular distance of ground. In the handicap framed by me, I commenced at 9st., and I put down Prsetor at 8st. 31b. ; Mile sian, 7s t. 121b. ; Amethyst, 7sfc. ; Romula, 6st. 121b.; and Melancholy Jaques, 7st. But Mr. Barnard has given the latter horse 6st. 41b. only, which lenient impost not only settles the preten sions of the two three-year-olds named, but also Effectually disposes of all those below him. How 0 good a horse over a mile and a half and a dis tance should be let in so leniently puzzles me im mensely. But I am in advance. At 8st. 41b. Little Dick may be extremely dangerous, for the : easy style in which he accomplished his two miles in 3uiin. 39see., must satisfy the most sceptical of sceptics that he is quite what I pronounced him when I described hini iii my Fiemington notes, as ope of " the smartest nags I ever saw.' and a real " good thing" for the Tamar Handicap. Many people imagined that he could hot stay the distance, and being a delicate horse, was therefore a 'dangerous horse to touch ; but froin tbe first time I saw him gallop at Fiemington,! was con vinced that Mr. Winch was possessed of a horse of no ordinary merit, and one which, nnder any- tbiog like a favourable impost, was capable of per forming-wonderful things. I was not deceiVed in the horse, and backers of horses'may. Vest- assured that they have not yet seen the best of Little Dick. Trump Card, with Sst. 21b., is a linker over this distance of ground, and should there happen te be, a plentiful supply of the aqueous element, sifew days previous to the' meeting, the chesnut son of Kelpie will be well worth au in vestment. Nimblefoot's victory in the Mowbray Necessitates a 51b. penalty, which will ptahe-.ligh. ip. flie prbhd positfod of sawyer | but after !iie running; I 'should ptofeV , $&iSi; everyhodis;xiware; is. averse toloug courses rput the Authbm Handicap is riot beyond his tether, a remark which wilt equally spply to Milestah, -who gives but lib! to -poor little Mischief. 'TijiyJs a mamfesfr' ihjustc"us t lie r u'rimn" of the' two' at Kyneton last; year' 'will Bliow. In the Kyneton Handicap?, Miiesihn, carrying 7st.T01b., defeated Mischief, -with 6st, 41b., by a head; the mare just reversing the decision on the following day, when receiving 28lb. Mere was an excellent line to go by ; and allowing the 91b. for the extra year, the mare should )iave received at least half a stetie from Mr. Olqeland's horse. The Baron has at last received, ah impost that should satisfy even Mr. Winch, -and of all the nags engaged in the race this. is my particular weakhtes. Last year h won the Trial Stakes at Rand wick, and oh the same day rah third for the Epsom Handicaps At our Spring Meeting, carrying 8st. lllb., he de feated Glencbe and Misfortune in the Railway Stakes, receiving a stone and a half from ' the former, and meeting the mare on equal terms. In the Four-year-old Handicap he was called upon to give -Pr-fetor and Flying Dutchman 141b., and 6 to 4 and 2 to 1 was readily laid on him, but the horse was apparently out of- sorts, and didn't try a yard. Carrying 7st. lblb.,' he subsequently won the New Year's Giift at Tattereall's Meeting, and has never since appeared in public in anything i like condition. I saw him gallop the' morning be- ; fore he took his departure for .Launceston, when it struck ine rather forcibly that he was rapidly ad-, vancing towards condition, ahd by the time the Geelong aud V.R.C. Meetings come round, my friend The Baron will be just about ripe enough to show what he is made of. In the Autumn Handicap he run a great race, and unless his owner wishes to try and win with Little Dick; Tarragon's sofi; can hardly ' fail to achieve a triumph. Flying Dutchman and Misty Morn are not overburdened, but Amethyst has too much, when the top weights ra re taken idto consideration. Not so The Dane, however, whose impost should enable him to sail along very comfortably ; bat of the others below him, : Melancholy Jaques and, perhaps, Lily are the only two that have the ghost of a chance. In fact, the handicap is altogether spoiled bj the handicapper's ridiculous system of commencing upon too low a scale. After the Launceston running, and taking the distance into consideraton, the weights would have been much more justly apportioned if declared in the follow ing manner for tbe itTUXX HANDICAP. st. lb. st. lb. Little Dick.. ... 8 12 Lily ... ... 7 0 Nimblefoot ... 8 10 Tomahawk... . ... 7 0 Trump Care ... 8 9 Amethyst... ... 7 0 The Baron.. ... 8 5 Bomula ... ... .7 0" Prsetor .. ... 8 3 Melancholy Jaques... 7.0 Milesian ... 7 12. Patience .... ... 6 7 The Dane .. 7 12 Doubtful ... ' ... 6 5 Flying Dutdiman ... 7 12 Sheet Anchor ... 6 5 Misty Morn ... 7. 9 Panmure ... ... 6 0 Mischief .. ... 7 '4 Norman ... ... 6 0 Mermaid .. ... 7 0 Bribery ... ... 5 7 This world have given the three-year- olds a chance witi the older horses ; but uiider present circumstaices I c-an only see half a dozen or so in the race and they are : Little Dice, Teump Cxap, Th: Baeon, Pbjetoe,. Milesian, The Dane, and Melancholy Jaqees, asd as it may prove interesting to my friends to know my views upon the subject I may gratify their wishes by in- ' forming them that, unless something turns hp to alter my views, I shall look to them to finish ihus : — TEE BARON... ... ... 1 Milancholy Jaques 2 Pestoe or Milesian ... ... 3 The Geilong Handicaps are now creating some little exeihment, and both backers and layers are .turning tleir attention to the events that are to be decided onthe banks of the Barwpn next week. : For the fir.L event Little Dick, on the strength of his Launeston achievement, is regarded with most fa vou', and justly so too, inasmuch as he meets Nimilefoot on precisely similar terms, the i compiler o! the programme forgetting to impose any pennies for winning handicaps after the i weights hid been declared. How this could have escaped mtiee Tknow not; but so it is, and there is no remdy. Thus Nimblefoot will carry Sst. 21b., and little Dick 7st. lllb. In equal condi tion, the ktter is decidedly the best of the two, ; but not hiving yet returned from Launceston it- is difficult to say in what form he is after Lis race 1 in- the Tauar Handicap ; albeitjt am told tliat he Has gone, right- off his form ' sinch the Tamar Handicap; therefore, it would he unwise te touch him. I iave a great idea that Nimblefoot, Flyikg- IrTCHMAN, and The Baeon will'he the first thra for the Geelong Handicap'; and Romula, The Foam, and Flying Dutchman for the Giterion ; and I take the best doubles to be-: > , ? Niiblefooi? and The Foam j or Thi Baeon s.nd Romula. Of the ether events I shall take one for -each race, and fiey are as follows : Maiden Plate, Panmure; Stewards' Purse, Romula ; Hurdle Race, Reiideer ; Publicans' Purse, Stafford ; Novel Raet, The Dane ,- and the Steeplechase, Reindeer, Ihe Rake having a good outside chance. I regret to «ay that South Australian Tim Whiffier, formerly the property of the late Mr. Craig, and rho won the Australian Cup, met with an aceidentsouae days ago, and died from the effects t her of. The horse was the property of Mr. Holme, and was standing at the Eagle Yale station, Gijps Land. While being led down a path he tro; upon a stake, which tipped up and ran right through him. The Ace tf Clubs colt that was to have been sold on Wednesday, was unfortunately killed on Tuesday eveiing, having met with an accident in Elisabeth steet. It appears that the colt was out for exerase, and getting away feom his custo dian, bolted up Elizabeth street, and slipping while attempting te cross a gutter broke oue .of his forelegs, fid had to be destroyed. - From Be?s Life in London I learn that Mr. MoffaW has beeu purchasing more tlioroughbted stock for bis Australian, stud. At ' the 1 sife of M. Lupin, . a French gentleman vho was compelled to sell off iu consequence of the war raging between France and PrussL he bought several well-bred mares, amongst Him being a yearling filly by -Dollar out of Arrogane by Cossack : a twojyear-oid filly by Dollar out if- Bergola by The Baron; a. two-year- bid' filly byDollar out of Ohatelaine by the Baron ; a two-yearld filly by Yentre 8k. Gris out of Senorita bjthe Fiying Dutchman ; a three-year- olJfilly byThe Nabob mat of - Partiet by Irish B.'rdcatehe ; a three-year-old filly by Monarque out of Sngsfcress; a tbree- year-old filly by SteatOr ou of Rostue by Ion ; and a four-year- old mare, bthe Flying Dutchnianout of Arrogante by Cossack From tbe breeding of these young mares, the sh ©uid prove a; desirable addition to th e etuds d Tictori, combining its they do some of thefeoitblQodto befousd in te Stud Rook. 