correspondence. To the Editor of the Yass Courier. Sin, — Thinking to rocoivosomo information from the various systems devised by tenchers to follow Christ's tenching, I practically resolved upon tho ono so preeoptively urged by John Gibson in jour issue of tho 23th instnnt, find now X asstiro you that having rend nil tho Scriptures I am not still able to seo moro than two texts in that frag- montnry jjnrt of Rovelations which nt nil would seem, at first sight, to impose nn ohligntion for the purpose of finding out Christ's teaching. These, however, I will explain in accordance with their context, and afterwards I hnvo no doubt but tho famous nnti-pnpist will manifest to me, through your columns, where ho discovered that there is a precept to rend tho Scriptures. That this procopt regards Christians. That the Scriptures ordered to be road aro the Now Tes- tainont, in which Christian revolution is chiefly contnined. That this interpretation is not to be ruled by nny living judge or tribunnl commis sioned by Christ. That all truth of revelation is contained in the low "historical pieces and Apostolio letters, of which tho book called the Now Testument is composed. And in the end, | froin what source ho " received tho Bible, nnd | what is tho constitution of his Church ? Having put these before him, I will now oxplain tho text I that I thought mny favour his rulo of faith, ' noting that I could not at nil agroe with him in his ! construction of St. Paul's correction of Poter, for 1 look upon jt as simply a correction of disedifi- cation. St. Paul corrected St, Peter in a revor- ontial manner, for fonr ,the people would take scandal from his not eating moats. Poter rose, not. to offend tho Jowa Paul, for fear of the Gentiles' scandal ; nnd the term coeqaris show forth tho preeminence of Potor. Thuro is not a word in the whole Biblo exhorting Christians to oxamino the Scripturos of tho Now Tostamont for the discovery of religions dogmas, whereas the d gmns ot Christian revelation are to be folind not in tho Old but in tho Now Tostamont. And in tho Now Tostamont only two passages are to b? fonnd exhorting Christians to rend, the Scrip tures of the Old Tostamont, and in each of thoso a warning is given against interpreting thorn by private judgment, received from tradition, &c.; One of these exhortations is addressed to a bishop, who is encouraged to rend the Scriptures by St. Paul, for tho porfoct discharge of his epis copal duties, "to toacb, to reprove, and to in structs justice," (2nd Epistlo to Timothy, c. 3, l'L l 3 03 not ni'Pb' t0 tho iniiyi Timothy, the b!shop, is encouraged to read the Scriptures' of tho Old Testament not for the discovery, but for tho confirmation of truths of faith. Tho od- ! vice to road tho Scripturos is given after ho hns been commanded " to nbido in tho things he hnd Ionmod, and wore entrusted to him, knowing from whom ho loarnod them," that is, Apostolio tradi tion gavo him his faith, nnd his faith may bo confirmed by tho rending of tho ancient Scrip tures. Ho is not commanded by St. Paul to read tho Scriptures, but ho is told that as ho was familiar with them from his childhood thoy can instruct to Sulvntion— "ywssunt imtrUere ad balutem. This dons not apply to all tho laity. Finally, when St. Paul addrossod tho Bishop of .hphosns to road tho Scriptures of tho Old Tosta mont, ho warned him that ir nny advnntago was to be obtninod from rending God's word, it was by reading it with the lamp of Christian faith, not by Vie erring light of human judgment. "Tho Holy Scripturos," he says, "can instruct them to salvation by tho faith which is in Christ Josns." The other text in which Christians are exhorted to road tho Scripturos of tho Old Tostamont is in tho 2nd Epistlo of St. Poter, 1st chap., and' here tho ndvico is not given to all Christians, nor does it apply to nil times; and a most particular wnrning is given against interpreting God's word by privato judgment. Tho Apostle does not recommend them to examine every dogma of Christian fnith, but the prophocios that hnd their fulfillment in Christ, nnd gavo proof of His divino mission. Ho does not commnnd them to road tho Scriptures for this purpose, but ho says ".they will do well to attond to them," not that tho private rending of the Scrinfoirna ito „i„;„ rule of Christian faith, but "as a light that shinos in n dark plnco. And this is nccompnniod by a mostsolemnndmonition that no prophecy or Scrip turo is made by privnto interpretation. And tho Apostlo assigns this obvious roason, that ns Scripturo is tho work, of human contriv ance, but of Divine inspiration, so it must not bo interpreted by human ingenuity, but by tho Holy Ghost, who wroto it, and abides always in tho Church to direct her in its interpretation, for prophecy camo not by tho will of mnn at any time, but the holy men of God spoke, inspirod by tho Holy Ghost. Thoso are the only two pnssnges in all Scripturo wheroin Christians nro advised to road for themselves the Scriptures: and it is obvious thnt no justification is hereby gu on to tho rule of faith profossod by John Gib son and other dissenters who roprosent the scriptures as the sole depository of rovoaled truth, and makes it imperative on every ono of ;hoir followers to rend tho Scriptures, nnd ex tract from them every article of their belief by .heir own private interpretation. In tho passages f have cited thoro is no commnnd to rend tho scriptures, there is no reference to the Sorip- uro of the New Testament in which Christian revelation is chiefly contained. And in all cases private interpretation of tho Scriptures is ixprossely prohibited. St. Potor, speaking to iho Jews of some of tho Epistles of St. Pnul? re minds them that thoy contain certain things inrd to be understood, which the unlearned and instable wrest as they do also tho " other Scrip- iuros to their own destruction," which wnrning Q cjuirn lnpnnqisfcnnf', wnf.h .Tnhn lUuti Jr i command laid on onch to rood nnd interpret by ihoir pnvnte jndginont writings "so hnrd to bo mderstood, so very dangerous to tho numerous :lass of Christians comprising tho unlearned and instable." In the 5th chapter of John, 39th verse, our Ciord snvs : — Scrutamini Scrinluras auid vox putatis, 9"c. _ Now, there is something in this passage to justify the Anti- papists rulo of faith 1 It is not clear that tho abovo passage contains a command. The verb scrutamini in Greek, ns in Latin, is indicative or imperative, nnd tho in dicative completely hnrmonisos with tho context, nnd is a reproach to tho Jows for thoir in credulity, whereas tho Scripturos so plninly bear testimony to tho Divino mission of Christ. ' You sonroh the Scripturos," because yon think in them to liuvo life ovorlnsting, &c.; This moan ing is not unnatural, nnd it gives grent form to our Lord's rebnko, because tho Jews whom he J! 'drossed boasted so much of their reading of the Scripturos (notunliko heretics of tho present day) and professed to plnco hope of eternal lifo in it, wherens they only made it the occasion of their destruction by thoir perversion of it. This our Lord seoms to insinunto by tho words " for you think in them to hnvo lifo everlasting" For Editor, I will conclude, hopino- it John Gibson is opon to conviction, that ho will yot see tho error of his wnys, nnd sooner or lator become ono of tho true Church. Christ her spouso, sacrificed his life to purchnso abund ant moans of snnctihcation for her, whoroby all hcrotics may yet becomo hor childron, and even ll thoy bo obedient to her ministry, becomo saints — I am, &c.;, v T i o, t /UGUSTINE J. BLAKE. July 31st, 1871. 