GENERAL NEWS. An old man named John Oldham died suddenly this morning at Morialta. An inquest will be held. Referring to a paragraph recently ap pearing in the Register. urgiDg that as the Victorian Government is vigilantly preventing smuggling from this colony, we should be equally strict with regard to goods illegally brought over our eastern boundary, the Border Watch says :-"We should simply advise that our Adelaide friends leave the Border traffic alone until there is a probability of a proper understanding being arrived at. We don't think there is much to grumble at as to the balance of ' smuggling' at the present time, and it is a great convenience to both sides of the Border," The anniversary services of the Presby terian Church, Mount Barker, were he'd on the 26th and 27th February, The Rev. J. Hender son, of Port Adelaide, preached excellent Bermons, to large congregations, on the morning and evening of Sunday. On Monday, 2rth, a publio meeting was held; Mr. David Murray, M.P., in the chair. The Rev. A. Law made a statement in regard to the position of the church, and his work as its minister, from which it appears that, besides the regular services at Mount Barker, and week-evening services at Bugle Ranges, Mount Barker Springs, and Nairne, he has during the past year held occasional Sabbath services at Nairne, and com menced a new preaching-station at Monarto, about twenty-five miles off_, where a fewfamilies belonging to the congregation have settled^ and where a site for a church has been obtained, and is likely soon to be built on. The Rev. J. Henderson then delivered an eloquent and highly-instructive lecture on " Oliver Cromwell and his Times." Mr. A. Champion and his choir discoursed must effectively a few select pieces of sacred music. Votes of thanks having been given to the lecturer, the choir, and the Chairman, the meeting was closed with the benediction. The half-yearly meeting of the Ra tional Marine Insurance Company will be held this afternoon. A meeting of the South Australian Cricket Club is to be held this evening for the transaction of important business. A meeting is to he held at Port Ade laide this evening with respect to the incorpo ration of the North-parade, and other matters of interest to the ratepayers of the Port. The Gregorys closed their season at the Theatre Royal on Saturday, March 4, when they gave two entertainments—one in the afternoon, which was well attended, and another in the evening, to a large house. On each occasion the performances passed off most successfully. With respect to the scullers' match be tween Messrs Walker and Blakie, it will be re membered that the Judge decided that the match should be rowed over again. Accordingly the Judge attended at the course at the speci fied time, but Walker only put iu an ap pearance, and having rowed over the course, Wis declared by the Judge winner. The stake holder has not yet handed over the stakes. At the monthly competition for the Enfield Club Medal, on Saturday, Mr. Leonard was the successful competitor, having male 55 points. Messrs. Stibbles and Starnes tied for second place with 48 poiuts. The dis tances were 300, 500, and 600 yards, seven rounds at each distance. The following are the scores:— 300 yds. 500 yds. 600_yds. Ttl. Mr. Leonard ... Mr. Stibbles Mr, Starnes Captain Scott ... Mr. Baker Mr. Cottrell Mr. Beyer Mr. Read Mr. Robjohns ... Mr. Bickford ... Mr. Humberstone Mr. Melville Some mischievous person seems to delight in damaging the markers' butts, five of which have the roofs carried away, although the Club went to the expense of getting them and the butts repaired. Now again the roofs are gone. The purloiner if caught ought to be made an ex ample of. Another old colonist has passed away from us in the person of Mr. John Diokins, a gentleman for many years connected with the press of South Aus tralia, who died on Saturday, March 4, in hiB 79 h year. The deceased was a son of the late Mr. J. Dickius, shipowner and mer chant, of Plymouth, and on the death of his father took his position in the business, and was for many years a partner in the firm of Warwick & Diekins. Owing to a reverse of fortune he left England in the year 1838, in the Pestonjee Bomanjee, f >r Adelaide, with his family, excepting one child whom he left in the old country. Bringing recommendations from [ Mr. G. F. Angas, and other gentlemen of high standing, he secured a situation in connection j 17 19 19 '55 16 17 15 48 17 21 10 48 14 14 19 47 17 20 8 45 15 20 10 45 13 12 19 44 10 16 14 40 14 13 0 27 11 6 4 21 12 6 0 18 6 7 0 13 with the South Australian Company, which he held for many years, till he became connected! with the press; and after'taking an active part in the editorial management of various news papers he was engaged upon the staff of the Observer and Register by the late Mr. John Stephens, and retained his position with those papers till within a year of his death. He was much esteemed by those who were acquainted with him. He leaves behind him a wife, three sons, three daughters, . and numerous grand children, to mourn their loss. Tlie celebration of the anniversary of the Glenelg Congregational Church was commenced on Sunday, the 5th of March. The pastor, the Rev. C. Manthorpe, who has just recovered from a severe illness, conducted the services, and on both occasions the congre gations. were large, especially in the morning, when the following text was the subject of an impressive discourse—"Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmovable, always ahounding in the work of the Lord; foras much as ye know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord."—I. Corinthians, xv. 5S. In the course of his remarks the rev. gentleman stated that he had selected those words, be cause they were appropriate to the occasion, and in harmony with his own feelings. Time was fleeting, and they were reminded of many who had lived amongst them bub had passed away from this world, and their own lives always un certain, and brief at the utmost, might be sud denly terminated. He exhorted them, there fore, so to live that they might at all times be ready to meet their Lord and their Judge. In the evening, BIr. Manthorpe based his discourse ! on the seventh verse of the third chapter of Hebrews —" Wherefore as the Holy Ghost saith, to-day, if ye will hear his voice." The preacher earnestly urged his hearers to listen to the voice of Christ, and ap pealed to them, as one who spoke from the ex perience gained on "a bed of sickness—as one who had recently been near the grave,. and realised the difference between receiving the messenger of death with a trust in a living Saviour, and meeting him unsustained by any sucb hope. A collection was made at the close of each service, the proceeds amounting in all to about £15. The Rev. Mr. Manthorpe explained that the proceeds of that anniversary were to be devoted to liquidating the debt on the schoolroom. He • observed that their pro gress as a Church and congregation had been remarkable-; that they had had an addiiion of £50 to their -revenue during the year; but having the schoolroom to build he appealed to their liberality for assistance. 