» THE BUDGET OF THE BUBBLE FA1WTLY. Headers of novels will remember how Lady Bulwer decimated the ranks of her confiding friends in a book with the abore title : and the very astonishing deliverance or the Treasurer on Tuesday night is likely to produce a similar effect. His is. indeed, a budget of a veritable Bubble Family, bound together by no natural ties, and existing in a mixed state, on the primary condition that it is continually shaken, to keep the oleaginous element from getting to the top, and the watery from subsiding to the bottom. At present 1 the eccentric Mr. Berry is uppermost ; | and the result is a kind of arithmetical | chaos, in which one discovers the battered I ghost of Mr. Francis appearing and j disappearing at regular intervals, as j though to warn all imitators against j stealing his fiscal thunder, or ap propria- ; ting his substantial figures. Of the j hollowness of the present Treasurer's j claim to be considered a financial autbo- I rity we have previously spoken, but we ' were not prepared to find him com- 1 mitting the fatal error of taking credit, j on the principle of averages, for a quite j extraordinary and exceptional influx of! duties, paid on speculative grounds by ' the importing class. A either were we alive to the possibility that the Chief Secretary would virtually abandon his dream of federation, and protect us against South Australia, Yew South Wales, and Tasmania. That he has done so affords another humiliating illustration of the effects upon a speculative politician of cherishing an unholy desire for office. With all his talent, we see Sir. Duffy to day delivered over to the Philistines, who compose the extreme protectionist party, and we are asked to believe that he will not presently escape from this bondage. The oil and the water cannot form a mixture good to look upon, any more than a Babble Family of Mixed Ministers can hatch a budget to vindicate the prin ciples professed by all its members ; and the Chief Secretary will very soon re discover this truth. Possibly he will also find out that the reciprocity, for which he looks, is all on one side : and that the compromise, which is supposed to form the basis of his alliance with Messrs. Berry and Longmore is no com promise at all. It is, in effect, an un happy device which will result in aliena ting both protectionists, and free-traders from Mr. Duffy, inasmuch as it will of necessity please neither extreme party. At present the Chief Secretary, and his Treasurer are enacting the fabled road side drama of the Old Man and His Ass. How, as then, the man is getting the worst of the bargain. 