THE AUSTRALIAN | SYDNEY, SATURDAY, OCT. 28, 1871. The Tendencies of Modern Science. THE journals of the day, and the conversa tion of almost all circles in which mental culture is an object of pursuit, abound in allu» sion s and discussions on the tendencies of modern science in relation to the cammon beliefs of mankind. Arguments and speculations of a sort that used, in former generations, to be entered upon only by philosophers-exempt from the cares of ordinary life and devoted to abstruse studies-are now made the subjects of every day table-talk. Son-e minds, impatient of change, because they habitually fix their attention on the anomalies and self-oontradictions to be found in the ourront opinions of their fellow-men, anticipate and in Yoke a thorough revolution in the sentiments of the human raoe;-others dread that freedom of discussion which will not be debarred, by reverence for what is commonly deemed saored, from criticizing any subject whatever. Minds of the latter class fear lest the foundations of existing society should be overturned, and lest the hopes of a future state, with all the consola tions they afford, should be swept away by the unrestricted habits of investiga . tion v*hioh the recent triumphs of natural science have engendered. Some of the former are apt to meet these apprehensions by the retort that tho Booner the traditional ideas which those they despise are so anxiously but vainly endeavouring to guard from tho con tact of free thought-are swept into nothing" ness, so that we may start anew in pursuit of truth, the better for mankind. From the playground, or even from the nursery, to the senate of the wisest, groundless fears always provoke ironical alarms. If some children will believe in ghosts and bogies, others will be found ready to terrify them by grave narratives of supernatural appearances. And as long aB grown men per sist in seeing danger to their sacred shtincs in scientific speculation, there will not be want ing ingenious theorists to vex them with threatening conjectures. But the supposition that those who are honestly and laboriously Becking truth in different directions can by so doing damage one another, or prevent the attainment of truth, is one of the most unreasonable alarms ever raised in the.human mind. Every band of inquirers, whatever the subject to which they devote their energies, may indeed hesitate before reoeiving all the conclusions pressed on their acceptance by those who have carried out their investigations in other directions and by other means. For " 'tis common proof," that on some points men are generally unwilling to know the. truth. Truth that would make us conscious of our own defects, and force from .us the acknowledgment that we had been actu ated by wrong motives or blinded by prejudice, is naturally unwelcome. Even if the only objection to a proposition that is supported by sound argument be that it would, if received, involve the necessity of mental labour in correcting the ill-oonsidered notions that are inconsistent with it ; that is a motive strong enough, with some minds, to induce them to resist the evidence in favour of such a proposition. Whether, therefore, we are weighing the claims made on our belief in behalf of new theories or of old dogmas, we do well to watch against the misleading influence of prejudices, and to demand of our selves, as well as of others, patient and pro longed thought. But this reasonable caution is quite a different thing from tho dread of any possible consequences of a discovery of- the truth. When evidence, and sound argument, point to a certain conclusion it may be right and necessary to test the evidence and argument again and again, lest there should be some flaw in them ; but it is always foolish and wrong to draw back from a conclusion sus tained by adequate reasons, merely because of apprehensions as to what it may lead to. Those who loyally follow truth need have no fear lest truth on any subject should ever lead them astray. If received opinions on any point are wrong, the sooner the light of truth is let in upon them, to destroy them, the better. It is always refreshing to meet with modesty combined with the boldness of candour, in the expression of opinion on such topics. And we commend to our readers the subjoined remarks of Professor Tyndall, in bis " Frag ments of Science," a review of which appeared in our last issue. He says: - "But while I thus make the largest demand for freedom of investigation.-while I as a man of science feel a natural pride in scientific achievement, while I regard science as the most powerful instrument of intellectual culture, as well as the most powerful ministrant to tbe material wants of men ; if you ask me whether science has solved, or is, likely in our day to solve the problem of this universe; I must shake my hoad in doubt. You remember the first Napoleon's question, when the savants who accompanied him to Egypt discussed in his presence the origin of the universe, and solved it to their own apparent satisfaction. He looked aloft to the starry heavens,and said, 'It is all very well, gentle men ; but who made all these ?' That ques tion still remains unanswered ; and science makes no attempt to answer it. As far as I can see, there is no quality in the human intelleot which is fit to be applied to the solu tion of the problem. It entirely transcends us. The miud ot'man may be compared to a musical instrument with a certain range of notes, beyond which in both directions we have an infinitude of silence. Tho phenomena of matter and force lie within our intellectual range ; and as far as they reach we will at all hazards push our inquiries. But behind, and above, and around all, the real mystery of this universe lies unsolved, and as far .as we are concerned is incapable of solution." Speaking further of that hypothesis of evolution which has been regarded as peculiarly offensive, Professor Tyndall says :-I do not think that this hypothesis is to be flouted away contemptuously ; I do not think it is to be denounced as wicked.Its existence in the mind is quito compatible with the simultaneous existence of all those virtues to which the term Christian has been applied. It does not solve, it does not profess to solve, the ultimate mystery of this universe. It loaves in fact that mystery untouched. Those who hold the doctrine of Evolution are by no means ignorant of the uncertainty of their data ; and they yield no more to it than a provisional assent. The know the limits beyond which science ceases to be strong. They best know that questions offer them selves to thought, which science, as now prose cuted, has not even tho tendency to solve. They keep such questions open ; and will tolerate any unnecessary limitation of the horizon of their souls." And why should any one, on the ground that he is confident of knowing the truth in regard to certain subjects, desire to have a limit fixed to the horizon of other men's souls, a limit beyond which they are to be forbidden to look ? What can be more inconsistent with the faith that a Being of infinite goodness upholds and rules the universe, than the desire to oheok inquiry into any part of His works and ways, and the fear that laborious researches after truth can ever lead to damaging discoveries? Those to whom truth is precious will ever be ready to greet with cordial sympathy any candid and patient inquirer--whatever field of investigation he may have chosen. 