LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE CONGREGATIONALIST CHURCH, PARRA- MATTA. [From our special correspondent.] The ceremony of laying tbe foundation-stone of the new Congregationalist Church at Parramatta took place yesterday. There was a large number of visitors from Sydney and elsewhere, besides clergymen of other denominations. j The Rev. Thomas Fobsaith opened the proceedings with prayer, and was followed by the Rev. T. John stone, Mr, J. Y. Mills, and others, with statements of the progress of the cause. A Iter which, Hdgh Tatlor, Esq., came forward and said that, as mayor of Parramatta, he had many pleasing duties to perform, but that day an additional honour had been conferred on him, by being deputed by his sincere friends, tbe Congregationalists of the town, to present Mr. Fairfax with a silver trowel and mallet to lay the foundation of a building to be devoted to the Supreme Being. (Applause. ) The stone was then laid, and Mr. Fairfax said : I declare this stone to be well and truly laid, as the foundation of a building for the honour of Almighty God, Father, Son, and Holy : Ghost. It is about twenty-sis years since a small Con- I gregational 'church was built in this town ; but the seivices only continued for a short period. Since that time repeated solicitations have been made from per tons who professed the Independent and Congrega tional mode of service and Church government to recommonce operations. About a year ago, the matter was seriously brought under tbe consideration of the Home Missionary Society for New South WaUs, and our_ excellent friend, the Rev. T. Forsaith, having been introduced by members of the committee to several gentlemen in Parramatta, that minister, with singular energy, promptitude, and great self-denial, commenced bis ministry in the hall of the school of arts. Such a building was, however, inconvenient and unsuitcd to the religious services of tbe Sabbath, as contrasted with its frequent use on \- other days. Hence the building of a house of God was easily taken into consideration by Mr. Forsaith and his friends. He then proceeded to state that the site chosen was an excellent one, and also gave at length the blessings and many advantages i of a Church for the dissemination of tbe Gospel, and where the sacraments may be duly administered. Infidelity was spreading, and should be met by proper antidotes. He concluded by paying a high tribute of respect to Mr. and Mrs. Forsaith, and the proceedings I terminated by hymns and addresses by Kevs. G. G. Howden, W. Slatyer, and J ohn Graham. Iu the cvering a crowded tea and public meeting was held in the School of Arts, when addresses were delivered by Randolph Nott, Esq., and several clergy men. The proposed Congregational Church to be erected at Parramatta is in the Gothic style, and is to be built of stone, in six inch courses, with foot dressings and quoins. The ground plan consists of an oblong, 36 x 55 feet, with tower and porch at front, and chancel with veatry in rear. The seats are divided into three bays by two aisles, commencing from porch and tower doors, and terminating in vestry doors, each side of rostrum. The front, facing Church-street, the main gable 51 feet high, pierced in centre by a Gothic arched window of four lights— two at each side of a buttress— and filled in above with plate tracery of varied design. The window will be richly moulded, resting on a string stopped by carved bosses, sur mounted by a moulded label, and measures 21 feet in height. On the corner of gable is shown a tower, of two square stories, and an octagon one, terminating in pointed gables, from which a shingled epire, with ornamental pointed bands, rises 81 feet from ground line. The church is intended to seat three hundred persons, and arrangements are prepared for a gallery to be made when necessary. The contractor for the whole of the work is Mr. Peters, builder, of Parra matta, and tho design as prepared by Mr. Thomas Rowe, aichitect, was accepted by the committee fiom others in a private competition among the principal architects of Sydney. The whole promises to be, when finished, a picturesque, tasteful, and effective addition to the architecture of Parramatta. 