I <tSE PRINCIPAL EVENTS AT * ~rrr V.B.C AUTUMN MEETING. peeping jlom. n n ti«% V.R.C. taw The aatuma interest ttaa usual, io fiaugli*1 fUfk nrinctpal eveuti l£S2»»? ,b A"w°e bSJ "^"rd if iield Iw is every F0^blh/Ascot Vale Stakes 2£S»',s&£%£Xstur,i nd Misery Haudioap ___ .^an half-a dozen jio not exPecfc/°f8thft following :—The Fawn, at the Post« ?f „ Roland A veiiet,.Bribery, poubtful. mrae gjue jjad not Florence The Flj'tr- a°d nnfortunate accident which met "V ifnde combat at Launceston, and placed ber/«r«« her starting for this which will^soprev^difficalty wpicking jftce, tbere W . . g^gh a very moderate crew ii,Q winner wit-n , £ hear, however, would not s0 had as was at first ihatthe8ecideiit|sn now walks quite suspected, an . yet a probability ot her sound, and that the ^wiek. It cannot be seeing the post_at ™erymediocre lot left w denied tbat th i itis tQ ^ hoped they ourStLeger,never d { the mu,erable will give us a »<*»»» f with the stale and exhibition we had lea ^ faint.hearted <ri,pp £ A lot of moderates, when there w Orlando. A wr aport, can* afford «o crack Prese,rL^! R£Tto M what a better just as in.^r?®u Nevertheless I should select class would do. gevercu tbe field> The Fawn f.n . to carry St. Leger weights; ®°Vb are pfi^ anl o!"he two the colt has hothare Pamcfl. wniotreapect. Hoyden, at the greatest c u1. , eat improvement Ooxton park. dwpwyw gr ^ Maiden in form' *"?:!, (although she did not get the ?lftte so easily («"hougn entertained o{ Mr> money} th»£ hopes with his *•"£d°fe« " Kilmore. how IU*»„« Komewhat damped tne araouroi uer 5J-e^'jR Roland Avenel is, perhaps, the fnends. «ojb - b t there ttre few 0f ^^Mp Kaders in spite of their long feerSa that have shown any brilliancy SfSTu*. and what good^Holand pc«; *Z!faiSiited from h£ dam. TheFiyer sesses ism » be djd not prove a js up-cou o?' tbQ miQnows at Baliarat the briber day, his chance o! obtaining St. Leger tenure does not look very bright. Bribery, JSdisWidow, and True Blue too mull Were I as sure of the election of iCbtful's owner for Richmond, m the St. £r for his horse, I should be glad; for the X couaUy as ornamental in the Senate asheison "he turf. I so fully went into the Merits of the likely candidates for the Ascot Vale Stakes a week since, that there is httle More to be sail. As it will be the first Auoearance of the youngsters m pnblic with the exception of two,, it is not an easy matter to form an estimate of their actual capabilities until they are pitted against one •mother. Those which are the most taking to <he eye are Retort, Beatrice, Amber filly, Winchelsea, Julian Avenel, and Wild Briar, the last named being a sweet mover, although gather small. This rich stake will most likely fall to the lot of one of the first four, and X should give them precedence in the order 1 have named them. The Australian Cup has 16 acceptors, ont of which a dozen may be reckoned as starters. It is unlikely that rim Whiffler will put in an appearance with lOst. 21b., for, according to the weights allotted other well-performed horses, he must stand but a poor chance, and as the Grand Stand Stakes and Town Plate are events far more to bis liking, he will in all probability be re served lor their. Warrio r bits lately been sup« ported in the market as if Sevior had got him back to bis best form ; if so, the lenient bur then of8st. 101b. ought to briughim well for ward, but after the exhibition he made in the last Melbourne Cap, his condition must be a source of uneasiness to his friends. I had such a thorough faith in his trainer's ability to bring him really fit for the spring event, that I bad no hesitation before that race in staring that he was the best home in it; there has now been anopportnnity to rectify any mistakes, and we shall see if he has availed himself of it Croydon, after his performance in the Bal iarat Cap, will have a great show with 8jt. Hlb. 1 tbink nothing of his poor endeavours in the L&uncestan; Champion Cud, as the course was all against him, besides, the distance of this race will suit him better. Tmmp Card's running since be came down here bas been so much in and out that it is hard to say what position he will take in. the race; a good deal will depend on the state of the ground and the humour be is in. Kimblefoot has incurred penalties of 5lb. since Ike weights were published, so he will now have to cany 8st. 4lb.,and will, therefore, have all his work to do to beat Croydon, if Mr, Winch's little horse comes right to the post. Flying Dutchman has a few pounds more than he can manage to carry . the distance comfortably, but Milesian jand rrsetor look immensely well in if tbey.can etav the distance, but there's the rub; I would ■rather trust the Kelpie, than the Premier ®°™e. but they have both been running so vadly this season, especially over a distance of ground, that perhaps they may be reserved for ,, .tumn Handicap, where, if they < are welvthey are far mow likely to be successful -X wul pass over Tomahawk, Mermaid, -and homi, with the remark that they are hardly 1?n<5?R& 'or company. After Lily's *2 Bidtawlj, and her; lameness after, the woe, the probability is that she will not be up to the matfc,in condition. I cannot speak of Mr. Arthur s bay coit Herman. Doabtful hUywi aqttekUonSSSS^h m! (TOStfRBEE ^ •ex—Tiz,( laurel to ber crown in the Australian Cap. At the present time of writing the acceptances for the Autumn Handicap, a mile ana a half and a distance—have - not been made, but there are 22 handicapped, I must say that I : find a difficulty in reconciling Mr. Barnard's ideas with the performances of many ot thp horses, and if their condition could be de pended on, there are two which could easily be spotted, one of which must be the winner;; whilst there are many that cannot have i ghost of a chance. If Milesian comes out in the same form he was in at Randwick last autumn, it will be a guinea to a gooseberry on him ; and Milesian, being a late foal, is quite an autumn horse. Conceding only 6lb. to the three-year-olds is rather a wild Right of fancy. Prsetor, too, is a real clinker at the distance, and the pair ought to make the pace very warm for the others. What' has Mischief done to make her within lib. of Milesian, there ought to have been nearer a stone. I should also imagine that it will take a greater three-year-old than we have yet seen this season to give weight to such horses as The Dane and Melancholy Jaques; the latter re ceives no less than 131b. from Romula. Little Dick can carry his 8st 41b. with ease. He has been a great pet of mine for a long time, for he is as fast as fire for this distance, and I certainly should have con sidered bis chance anything but hopeless, were it not that he has been out of sorts since his Tamar Handicap viotory, and as Mr. Winch knows when his horses are fit and when they are not, the probability is that Master Richard will receive a spell in anticipation of the Sydney Gold Cup, for which he is remarkably well in. Again, Nimblefoot has a penalty of 51b., and may have more after Geelong; he is a great horse, and his chance must always be respected. A good deal depends on the state of the ground as to whether Trump Card has a chance or not; the distance suits him to a T, and bis weight cannot trouble him. The Baron, at last, has received the kind con sideration of Mr. BarnaTd. The horse showed great form on several occasions last year, and his running has been a puzzle to a good many people, also the number of times the pen has been pat through his name after he was entered. It has had its effect, however, and although the horse has done nothing in pub lic to justify any alteration in Mr. Barnard's ideas, he bos apparently arrived at the con clusion that he is at least a stone worse animal , than he formerly imagined, but with all his light weight I must again see him do a good thing before I can place him on a level with Prsetor. Milesian, and Co., for a mile and a ha)f.|None of the others entered require any comment, simply because their chances of the race are of the remotest The Geelong run ning will throw little light over this event, there being so many {horses that can reach this distance compared to those that can travel two and three miles. The entries for the other events in the programme have not yet been made, but the Grand Stand Stakes and Town Plate look nice pickings for Tim Wbiffler if he goes for them. The Hurdle Race and Steeplechase will depend a good deal on the handicaps, and ad nearly all the horses will exhibit their form and powers at Geelong there can be little difficulty in putting them all well together. Present appearances are in favour of a most interesting meeting this autumn : there are ..a number of good horses with ns at present, and the weather has been all that could be desired for summer training. 