A WHOLESOME TONGUE A THEE OF LIFE. Ts every pitrt of the world tho tongue ¡B, of rill th weapons used hy /nankin.), ahuut tho most iuccss.m und mighty instrument tor good or fur evil. I every family, in bvery community, thu righ government, of the tongue is essential to punco uni prosperity. To thoso who aro disposed lo refleo on this Bubject, which deeply concerns U3 all, thi subjoined observations, hy the Rev. .lames Straiten will doiibtl ss appear well iv.uthy of eousiMerution " A wholesome tongue ia a tree of life," pays ono o tho Proverbs of Solomon. If sue1! "trees" of life' wero planted in every houso in thia country, i would tie ri happy laud. Commenting on tho proverb of tho King o Israel, tho modern preacher says :-" Several thingi uro spoken ill tho preceding versos, respecting th' use and abuse of tho tongu-j. ' A sole answer turnet! away wrath.' Bo gen'lo, considerate, conciliator} in your reply to your uJvcrsnry. IL may assuago hil wrath ; it may abate his malice; and it may pleuai God lo turn his hutrt. ' But grievous words stir uj anger.' Take care ufan angry sentence, which >< «j ha suffii ieiit to set tho house on tiro und do mishicf, beyond bounds. Lot there bo nothing provoikini nothing inflammatory, in your speech. "'Tho tongue of tho wiso useth knowledg< aright.' It j mi gos of tho portons to whom it i. speaking, lc judges respecting what it is right tc communicate and what it is right to keep buck. Thc wis» person does not oust lint which is holy to thc d"gs, or throw pearls to swino. Yet he dees not hide his light; ho does not shut up his wisdom ; but he will communicate it when it is for thu a ivantafje ol hin hearers. ' But tho mouth of fools pourulh oui foolishness.' Thero is frivolity, thoughtlessness, recklessutrs, without mensuro. " The eyes ol' the Lord are in every place, behold- ing tho evil and the irood.' And as his oyo sees actions, so his ear hears words. Wo are told that 'of every idle word that a man shall speak,' that ii oi every unholy, every corrupt, (¡very vitiiperalinu word, he shall give account in tho Day nf Judgment ' For by thy wolds thou shalt bo justified, and by thy wo'ds thou shalt ba condemned ;' becuuso they shew a man's chai a :t cr, his love or bia hatred, h:e faith or his unbelief; bis enmity lo God, or hie acceptance of Christ, and his salvation. "Then follow th» wordt:-'A wholesomo tongue ia a truo of lifo.' This restricta thi subject to the bright and beautiful side. When tho tonguo is guided by tho Spirit of God, and by tho wor s of Holy Scripture, it may impart truth, and expresa and elucit thoughts which may bo salut'iry to thoso who come u dor their inlluenco. Then it is us if a man ia heating the word spoken, did eat thc fruit of the treo of lifo in God's primitive and undesulnted : garden." THE POISON OP SPEECH.-" What topics of dis- course will make our tonguo a tree cf lifo ? 1. It is obvious that it is no tree of life, when it lies. God does not make the tongue to utter falsehood. It ie i not endowed with volubility, freshness, and fervour of speech, to utter untrut s. God is a God of truth ; and if the tongue speaks falsely it is un instrument ; of unrighti ousDeaa, and under tho influence of ' Satan, who ia the father of lien. " '2. The tonguo is ni treo of lifo whoo it defames and utters scandal ; whether this proceed from tho thought of your own mind or whether it ba taken up from a neighbour. " 3. When tho tongue blasphemes, it ia no tree of life. There ure those who profanely curso and swear Thero ure irreverent speochea respecting God, or concerning tho unseen world, which aro a shamo and dishonour for a nun to utter, and which uro painful und injurious to the auditors. These thing3 aro directly uguinat the law of God, which says, '.Thou shalt not take tho name of tha Lord thy God in vain.' "4. The tonguo is not thus to bo described when it propagates error, when it teaches and preaches falso doctrine , . . . S. Nor is it a tree of lito, when tho words uro vicious or unholy. Wc «re to put off concerning tho former convention, the old man, which ÍB corrupt according lo tho deceitful lusts. The words that stand in contrast to thia aro very beautiful-' Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which ia good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto tho hearers.' FREE SCOPE.-" And when » e reject, and put off, and resist all evil, let it not bo supposed that wu unduly restrict tho tonguo ; that wo d , not give it nmple Bcope nnd opportunity for discourss. There aro four great regions of truth, in which the tonituo may do its duty to mun, und glorify God ; so thut, according to the metaphor bf tho text, tho tree may open its nmplo branches, and may grow in all the lofline>B of its stature, presenting fruits so luscious and. refreshing, that all who pass hy may eat and regale themselves. What arethusa regions in which the tonguo may exercise itself so freely? " 1. It has libortv, when it speaks of tho works of God in creation. For thero aro tho heavens above, and thoro ia the earth beneath. Thero is the sun and the moon, and thero aro tho stars of light. Here am ,lukes and rivers, fountains and wa'erfülle, hills and valleys. Hero uro trees, from the codar of. Lebanon to tho hysaop on tho wall. There are oreatures ol' .every kind, from tho ophomeron which glitters in the sunbeam, and dies at night, to the lofty archangel, who never dies at nil. Wo may spoult of thesu things, aided by the investigations of others who aro wiBec than ourselves. Scienco may shed its bright nnd sweut light upon our conversation und discourse. And I think that the exercise of the tonguo is salu- tary, when in this spirit we exclaim. Thens are thy glorious werk«. Parent of good, Almighty, tblue this nnlvenil frame. Thus wnnilreun fair ; Thyself ho» wondrous then I ' Unspeakable, who slti'st abo/o these heavens. To ns Invisible, ordlmly seen Tn these thy li w:»t works ; yet tlinao declsro Thy goodnuea bcyoad thought, and power divine. . " 2. Tho second groat region for the use nnd exorciso of the tonguo is tho providence of God, or the Government of God, ir. his watchfulness over tho affairs of men. Thero is tho history of all nations, from tho beginning of all timo till now. Thero ar« events taking placo every day in tho four quarters of our great globe ; and copious information is brought to us by tho publio press. A mun muy go into theso topics devoutly and piously, beholding in these occurrences tho hand of God, tho result of His counsels, 'nnd tho accomplishment o Iii» will." "We may tell and tattle of our ow experience, like David, -hon he said, 'Coma and hear, al ye that fesr God ; and I will decluro what He hath dono for my soul.' This must be done with prudence and discretion, with deli« icy 'an 1 with caution; or you may mako known what had better he concealed and nover havo bein spuken. You maj (¡iva tho uccotuit of your own life, wtn'oh. is to you the most interesting manifestation of God's provi- dence, and which may be instructive to thoso around you. Tim may safely spaik uf thu protection you have enjoyed under tho shadow of His wing, of the security ami reposo you havo roalized under His government, guiduncc, and protection; and you maj thus lead otheiB to that fountain uf natisliiccion, by which you aro maje happy. This, is tho way ic which the tontfuo maj-minister that which is refresh- ing aud edifying, «nd bo a tree of life. 41 3. This is tho Word of God. Here is n wide region, a beautiful and fragrant field, which is full of riches and glory. You may g» from thu beginning of lienesis to the end of Kuveluiun. Here are facti nnd histories. Hero aro types and prophecies, psalms and hymns, philosophy in E':i lesinstes, and common sense in the Proverbs to regulate tho ilaire of life. Above nil, hero is Christ, in his work anrj substitution, in his sacrifico and his grace, in h'is gift of tho Holy Ghost, in his resurrection und ever- lasting piiesthood. "i. Again it may bo so, when wo speuk of things that aro especially suitublo to tho circumstances o: tho people whom wo aro nddn-fsing. Is unj oppressed or cast down ? A word spoken in du« s- ason how good is it ! Of Christ it was predicted -Ue shall know how to speitk n word in »eason to hint that is weary, ' Comfort yo, comfort yo, my people, saith your God.' Spu-ak that which will assuage grief, und mitigate forren- ; ¡ina it ia ii leal from the tree of lifo which is for the healing- of thc nations. Hian CALLINO OF THE TON-OUE -" Wo read of t treo of life in three places in Holy Scripture. 1. Ir tho Book of Genesis we are informed that it wat placed in tho midst of tho garden. Ol it our Brut parents mi.-ht eat when they plonsed, and ita fruit was pleasant to tho taste. It wa« understood to be a sign and token and pledge of their immortality. 2\. Then, in the splendid visions which Ezeki'd saw, there was tho tree of life growing rn tither sido ol that extraordinary river which issued from the templo steps. This is supposfd to intirnato that believers who receive continual supplies of living water from God, should bo luv. ly and fruitful to one another, and salutary in their mutual communica- tions. 3. And in tho Boo- ol Revelation, there ia the troo of lil», casting down its shadow upon the river, bearing twelve manner of fruits, nnd having loaves which aro for thu healing i f the nuti'-ns. Amt tho text intimate-« that whi;t tho tree of life was to our first parents, arni what it is in thc Books of Ezekiel and ltevulati,n, tho tonuuo of every wise, holy, intelligent, and devout mun will bo, in the sphere and Station which he occupies, and in tho circle which Divin« Providence 1ms appointed bim to till ».-nd to adorn. A wholesome tou¿uo ia it tree oí Hie. YAU.tor.-g SCENES OF ACTION-,-" There is tho tongue which argues und flanh-.1« in the Senate. There is the tongue of the advócate and of the jud;,'f, thc tonguo which expounds law, and defines tho ru.es of evidence; tho tomine which a quits or condemns tho prisoner. In tho sanctuary, tho tongio of u righteous minister is a treo of life. Ile it known unto you, that by li.ia man, Jistis Christ, wo preach repentance »nd tho forgiveness of sine; that by Him wear« justified fi om all things, from which wo could not bu justified by the law ol' Moses. Wnen these truths uro opened, una these principles aro expounded, tho tongue is a treo of lif-. When Peter spoke on the day of Pentecost, his toncMie wns a treo of lifo. AVheri l'nul spolie on Mars' Hill, hiB tonguo was a treo of lifo. And when the duty of the pulpit is rightly done, and the Holy G esl accom- panies tho utterance, this text is verified, and the pooj/lo say,-' It is good for us to be here !' The tonuuo is touched with a live coal from off tho altar. In tho sancturj- ono would wish not to bo a well at which the traveller seeking to quench his thirst shall find no water. Ono would wish to bo a fountain over tlowing, or a tree of lifo from which all maj- gather fruit, us much of it ns they will. TABLE TALK -" 2. Our tonguo may bo a treo of 1Ü0 in our families, at our morning and evening repast, daily, OB wo meot ut table. What is J'our conversai iou ? Let il bj innocent and harmless ; let it be sportive, if you please; thorn is no objection to hilarity, orto tho sparkling and playfulness of wit; hut we should aim to bu intelligent and instructivo, while ut tho sumo time wo are elastic, free, and happy ; so, your tongue maj' be treo of lire. A "GUIDE OP YOUTH. "3. '¡'ho text may bo verified, when wo teach the youn:r ; when wo pour t-'oriptuio'into their minds, when wo explain to them tho IJuok of God, when wo bad them in tho ways of virtue, or spf uk to them of Christ. Oh bo careful to speak innoct ntly and piouslj- in the nearing of the young. 4. Tho tongue may bo a tree of lifo la our ordinary intercourse with ono another, when wc meet to Bhow our friendship and good will, and to parUik- of each other's hospitality. What is our tongue doing F It is melancholy to think that even good men often meet, without deriving any advan tugo from euch other's company. The right subject is not started, and nothing profitable or tending to edification is spoken. There is water deep in the will, but thero is no bucket to draw it out. TUB 13z.rr TALK-" What example, on tho othor hand we have in Script uro of profitable conversation. How Elijuh and Elisha talked 1 How tho two disciples conversed on their way to Kminiius ! When a third had drawn nigh, they Buid, ' Did not our hearts burn within us while ho talked with us by tho way, and whilu he oponed to us tho Scriptures?' How Christ tulked ! Wo refer not only to great occasions or to pnblio discourses; but seo him at dinner in tho Phai iV-e's house ; mark his demeanour there, and observe tho efJVct his conversation had ou the woman ut his feet ! You suv, * I am not Cnrist.' ho; butha hasset us an example, that-wo should walk in His steps, and wo should aim to be like Him. THE FBUIT».-'. Let me remind you that every senlimont you advance is a seed whioh will go else- where. Like the down of the thistle, it will bo car- ried on tho winijs of tho wind, lt will bo planted, and take root, and vegetate, and grow, it will multiply-, and it may eudure for ages. Every error is a Beed, and so is every truth; it may go andpro pogato itself, and be multiplied indefinitely. Yet there is this groat difference : that error may grow of knell,'like the thorns and briers of tho wilder- ness ; while truth requires caro, and cultivation, and watchfulness, being like tho precious grain, or like tho most valuable among tho herbs. Take caro that you do not BOW the seeds of sin by your conversation, but tho Eeeds of holiness ; and if these bo sown with difficulty, and even with weeping, in duo time you shall return, bearing sheave» uf glory with you, and enjoying an ample harvest. " 5. Lastly, tho tongue may be a tree of life at tho bed of thu bick and dying. Thero it may utter ita Boftest words, und drop sentences of the richest consolation, which will bo unspeakably precious. You may Eay thingB to tho dying which will help them in thoir final struggle ; so that after your voico, they shall hear no more, till they listen to tho words of tho glorified, and to the tongues of tho angels which aro iu heaven. I observo in conclusion, the tongue is a small momher, but it bonsteth «reut things. _ It may bo the instrument of great evil, or of amazing good. It is by tho tongue that princes rule, senators decree judghuient. Ry the tonguo tho counsel défende bis client, and "tho jury give their verdict. By tho tongue, the minister performs his office in tho sanctuary, and the merchant con- ducts his business, ond masters teach in tho schools, and all things in tho hulls of science,. and in tho courts of so'verclgns,_ aro transacted by the tongue. , Tho tongue ot man is tho pivot on which tho whole system of human Bocicty raevon. It is tho tongue that makes our tubles differ from tho mangers of horsoB ; hy reason of the tonguo, wo are not dumb, ns tho fishes of tho Bea. By the tongt'o, we sing litnnies' to God, and pour ont homilies to men, I wonder not that David should Bay, 'Awsko np my glory, and Bing pruiso to God,' or that .Dr. Young ehould affirm, If thought were all, sweet speech bad been denied. Bless God for tho tonguo. Ask for wisdom, that the tongue may otter knowledge. Ask for n renewed mind, that these may bo sanctified apeches. And set a wotch upon the door of your lipB. ; Tou can- not tame another man's tongue, but yon can tame your own. .3Iay it henceforth bo a tree of life." . 