TABLE TAXjK. ^EASIER MONDAY.—The peoflle ofNewSoutli .-^f^Bles are remarkably .fond«of nolidays. and al- -Afeoagh iajftie country districtsthere is rarelyany lifting tlisFit would be worth one's while to go> ,ont of the way to participate in or -to see, with «i?h recurring pretext for a wasted day, a. very -large majority .of the inhabitants abandon their accustomed ^prk.and^p; somewhere, pleasureseekirig—jiip UBual Result being,that they come; home at night worn'out' with what has really beemt day of labor. and in some cases of serious expense, less inclined to re-enter upon their usual employment than they were before ; andthis they, callenjoying.a holiday. Last Monday, a good many people went to the Old Bar and were nearly melted, by a burning sun, the rays of which were reflected from a sandy "beach. They went in -search of pleasure, but they found everything as dull and as uninteresting as possible. There were neither races, skittles, nor sports of any kind to engage their attention— not so much as a dance was essayed—and even the water which visitors attempted to drink was poisoned with the decaying carcass of an animal that liad given up the ghost in that dreary locality.' Another, and a larger party, chartered the" river steamer and went to the New Bar where much the same state of dullness prevailed: The boat was crowded, to a large extent with women and children, and although, thanks to Mr. DAVIS' assiduity, every thins was made as comfortable as circumstances wonldallow, it must have been rather a wearisome affair after all. The boat took four or five hours to get down ; but having at length, arrived, the passengers landed, cleared away thedead grass, lighted their fires, boiled tea-kettles, and emptied their baskets. Then there was a climb over the sand hills, pockets were filled with shells, and the company re-embarked. Those who live at Tinonee eot back about 11 at 'night, and although nobody was candid enough to confess it, we do not believe there was one who did not really feel worn out or exhausted in the pursuit of pleasure. Next morning headaches were universal. Thus ended the " Sports and Amusements" of Easter Monday so far as they have come to our knowledge. There was nothing wrong or immoral in any part of the procedure, nor, on the other hand was there anything particularly enlivening in a visit to the'beach, on a scorching summer's day, when the chief object in going there was to kill time and to march up a hill that it might be descended with becoming gravity again. Incidentally, however, there was something gained for a praiseworthy object. The profits of this excursion, whatever they were, have been handed over for the benefit of Sunday Schools. ACCIDENT.-^-We understand that in returning from the beach on Monday, a young man named WOODS met with an accident by which his collar-bonc was either dislocated or fractured. It is said that the horse he rode bolted and came in contact with another, whereupon both horse and rider fell to the ground. SMALL SUGAB MILLS.—We have recently conversed with several gentlemen from the Northern portion of the electorate, and have been struck with the unanimity with which they declare that, under existing circumstances, small, inexpensive sugar mills, worked by horse-power, are more profitable to farmers than it is either to sell their cane or to convey it considerable distances to be manufactured on terms. Experience has shown that more or loss loss is always sustained by the delay that arises from the distance between the cane-field and the mill; that the highest price offered "is far less than the real value of the raw material; and that in point of j fact, it is necessary to combine growing and manufacturing to make the business answer. Several instances were mentioned by our informants of mills with hardwood rollers moved by four bul locks, and with cheap galvanized iron boilers, where the whole work is done by the grower himself and his family, in winch the profits have been treble what they would have been had the cane been sold at the usual price. One case, Mr. CHRISTIAN'S, struck us forcibly. With works that cost about £300, this gentleman has actually turned out three tons of sugar to the acre during the present season, the sugar being worth 4d. per pound. We confess that we were scarcely prepared for statements like these, but as they come from sources entitled to credit we feel it to be our duty to place them before the readers of the "NEWS." They seem to indicate to our friends of the Lower Manning, who are beginning to despair of the erection of sugar mills, a cheap and easy mode of extricating themselves from their difficulties. CLERICAL.—During the past week the Manning has been favored with a visit from the Rev. Mr. AYLING—Mr. HOLLAND'S successor at Port Macquarie. We have known Sir. AYLING more than twenty years, and having had frequent opportunities of witnessing the zeal and energy with which he enters into every good work, we cannot refrain from offering our congratulations to the people of Port Macquarie upon their acquisition of so zealous and able a minister. We hope they will take care of him now that he is settled among them — for men of his stamp are not easy to replace when lost to any community. NEWSPAPER AT POET MACQUARIE.—It is rumored that the plant of the Macleay Herald has been purchased by a very influential resident of Port Macquarie, who intends to employ it in the publication of a journal at that place. Such a step has no doubt been well considered, and if it has really been taken we trust it will be crowned with all the success that such enterprising conduct merits. We purposely withhold further particulars until they reach us in a more authentic form. SALE OF CATTLE.—The cattle offered at Tinonee last Saturday commanded fair prices, and there would have been no difficulty in selling three times as many. Cows with young calves brought from £3 17s. 6d., to £4 12s. 6d., and working bullocks from £3 15s., to £4 10s. each. Two or three horses were also sold at satisfactory prices. THE NEW VESSEL.—MT.NEWTON'S new vessel had a fine run to Sydney, where her appearance was very favorably noticed in the papers. It is stated,we do not know upon what authority, that she is going on a voyage to New Zealand. KIMBBICKI SUGAR MILLS.—We are informed that these mills will be closed for the season next week. The juice now expressed is too watery to pay for boiling down. WESLEYAN MINISTERS.— From the list of stations just published it appears that Mr. WIL- SON remains on the Manning, and Mr. RUTLEDGE on the Macleay, Mr. ALFBED SWIFT is sent to Port .Macquarie vice Mr. HORSLEY, and Mr. MOOBE to the Bellinger and Nambuccra. Mr. BOURNE remains at Grafton, and Mr. MAURICE GRAY takes charge of the lower Clarence and Richmond Rivers. SNAKE BITTEN. — We are informed that a young man named SIIITH, who resides at the Sugar-loaf, was bitten by a suakc last Monday. The usual treatment was resorted to and lie has recovered. SLIGHTLY CONFUSED.—We believe it is rare that an editor indulges in a drop ; but when he does his readers are sure to fiud him out. A contemporary was called upon to record a " melancholy event" at a time when his hoad was rather heavy, and did it up after the following manner:—" Yostorday morning, at 4 o'clock, p.m., a man with a heel in the hole of bis stocking committed arsouic by swallowing a dose of suicide. Tho inquost of the verdict returned a jury that the facts in accordanco with bis death. Jlo leaves a child and six small wives to lament tho end of his untimely loss. In doatli wo are in the .midst or life."—American Paper. rri w •>•»r , ,, • » The WongaWonga rescued the crew of the missionary ship Dayxpring which shc loundm a sinking condition, a day s sail from Sydney. 