? VICTORIA. ST. VINCENT DE PAUL'S OHPHANAGE—THE EDUCATION QUESTION. The annual charity sermon in aid of the St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage, Emerald Hill, was preached in St Francis' Church on Sunday last at eleven o'clock Mass, by the Rev. Joseph O'Malley, S.J., St. Patrick's College. Mass was celebrated by the Rev. J. Martin, His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Polding, O.S.B., Archbishop of Sydney, presiding. The church was crowded almost to inconvenience. The following is a complete report of Father O'Malley's argumentative and effective sermon, which was listened to with the greatest attention and interest:— jVon relinqmm vos orphanos. MY DEAR BELOVED BRETHREN,—The age of childhood calls for our sympathy, not merely because of its utter helplessness, but because of the unconsciousness of its own weakness. Unable to avert danger, it is no less incapable of forecasting it, and were it not for the watchfulness of those to whom God has assigned the holy task of defending it, it would perish before suspecting it was in peril. The more irremediable the evil, and the more impossible for the child by his own unaided efforts to avoid it, the greater the charity to avert it, and the graver the obligation of him who can, to do so. I stand here to-day to make a double appeal to your charity on behalf of helpless childhood. The hand of Death, ever busy amongst us, constantly deprives a number of poor children of their natural protectors: my more immediate object is to pray you to supply so great a loss, as far as a noble liberality will enable you to do so; but I seize the opportunity to enlist your sympathies and most earnest exertions on behalf of another class of children, whose religious training, and consequently whose eternal interests , are seriously menaced by the proposed Education Bill. Education, in its true sense, means the development of the child's virtues no less than his talents ; the fitting him for the next world no less for this. As religion is the only path that leads to Heaven, it must be taught, and it must be taught in youth, because as people who have received no secular education in childhood, remain always uncultivated, so they who have received no religious training generally pass their lives in an appalling indifference about those truths and obligations from the knowledge and observance of which' hangs an eternity ! Besides, as there is no guarantee for any child, that he shall ever see the years of manhood, he must be prepared by religion to set ou t, whenever God is pleased to summon him, on that awful journey that awaits us all. The paramount importance'of religious education, from the very dawn of reason, being selfevident, the only question that remains is : "IIoio it is to be communicated?" Whenever the entire community professes the same religion there is no difficulty; the religious and secular education are imparted at school, but in a mixed community it is, of course, less easy. An obvious solution of the difficulty would be a number of schools to correspond to the number of religions, the children in each case learning their particular creed as they would if it were the only one in the country. This system is called denominational. The new Education Bill proposes that, instead of a school for every denomination, there should be one common school, at which children of all religions— and there are at least twenty in Melbourne— should meet and receive from the masters purely secular instruction. Out of school hours, however, the school might be used by the various denominations for religious teaching. In favour of this secular system there are three arguments. It is more economical—it destroys sectarian animosity—it is injurious to Catholicity. With regard to the third argument, they who are most swayed by it will be most eager to repudiate it,- but it is too clearly proved by the admission of the late Protestant Bishop of Dublin, Dr. Whately—who had the audacity to acknowledge it, and the duplicity to act upon it—as well as by the manly statement of Dr. Perry, the Anglican Bishop, of this city, who scorns to be guided by a motive he dares avow. Against denominational education can in reality be urged but the three reasons—that it is less economical, that it foments sectarianism, and that it is highly favourable to Catholicity, but those who are averse to this system are exceedingly guarded against expressing themselves so plainly. They speak vaguely of the evils of " denominationalism" ' nntil they not only persuade others, but probably even end themselves, by believing in its injuriousness. By examining, my dearly beloved brethren, those two systems, and the arguments for and against each, we shall not only know what we hold, but why we do so. Armed by a clear knowledge of our position, we shall be the more united and unyielding in our efforts to ward off from those with whose eternal welfare God has charged us the dangers of a " secular education," and to procure for them all the advantages denominationalism can bestow. • Moreover, having dragged forward to the light of day the gigantic evils supposed to be inseparable from " denominationaluMn," and stripped them of that hazy verbosity which supplies the defect of solidity and strength, we shall be able to show all liberal Protestants that.these supposed evils are—like those monsters with which our fears people; the night—formidable merely from the uncertainty and gloom in which they lurk. Unite with me, my dearly beloved brethren, in begging of Almighty God the grace to see the magnitude of tho injury with which our poor children are threatened, and the divine assist- ance, without which all our effortsto avert it will be vain. PURELY SECULAH SYSTEM. So evident is it that religion should be taught in youth that even this system, which declares itself " purely secular,*' professes to make provision for it. It may then seem an exaggeration to say that religion would be completely excluded ; yet so it is. However well the things may sound in theory, practically any instruction given would be of the most meagre and insnfHcient kind, or would even.be:altogether want-' ing. It should be given out-of school hours. Who would giyeit? The priest? He could not. , What was trjue SOOO years ago is true today, and willbe tpietill the end of time. "Tho reapers are few.'"': The number of' clergymen is never equal to the work to' be done. It is a common thing for people : living " up the • country" to pass months without having an. opportunity.of approaching the Sacraments or even hearing Mass. It' is. not very unusual to have to ride 30 miles to a sick call, and, as yotz. are aware, it is not long since the horse of one Priest sank beneath him from fatigue and died. It is evident, .therefore, that such instruction is not in the power of the Priest. But could not lay people be found who might give it? Two qualities are indispensable, willingness and capability. In large cities, where there is a, large number to. choose from, these two qualities may readily be found united; but in sparsely-populated districts such persons would be rare. Again, a few minutes' walk to the cathedral, or parish church on Sunday would be very different from a walk of a couple of miles along a . bad road,', or no road at all,, to {the school-house every day. These persons, should be paid by the denomination. Let the State rather give to the denomination the aid it . would give to [the'.children if they attended the .mixed school,'.and let it charge the denomination with the education of its own children. Unquestionably it would be more economical to build one school-house than several, but if in our every day transactions we are prepared to give a good price if we want something really valuable, much more should we be prepared to do so when we have to choose between money and that which is beyond all price. I freely acknowledge here, my dearly beloved brethren, that I seem to be doing something most unfair. I seem not to examine calmly ana dispassionately, as I promised, existing difficulties, but to seek to exaggerate or even create difficulties. Thus, while in large towns it would suffice if lay persons would attend on Sunday to give instruction, I have just spoken of daily attendance in the country. The answer to this objection enables nie to put clearly before you a most important truth. There is a great difference between teaching the Catechism and explaining it. The principal thing in religious instruction is that the children should be made'to learn their Catechism so perectly 6.1/ heart that even at the close of a long life then may still remember it, and, if possibles be stU aUlc to repeat the very words. This should be the duty of the teic/ter—not of the priest. During the week 'the lesson in Catechism should be assigned more regularly, and its being known insisted on more inexorably priest (or those who replace him) should explain, what has been learned, and ascertain do the children understand what they have committed than that of any other lesson. Then on Sunday the to memory. But, indeed, the words of the Catechism are so clear, that he who could repeat it from end to end would be well instructed and thoroughly grounded in his religion. Thus you see, my dearly beloved brethren, how erroneous is the idea that it is exclusively the province of the Priest to impart religious, instruction. The most important part belongs to the ordinary teacher. In St. Patrick^ College, for instance, our lay professors teach, the Catechism every day, and a Priest gives an : instruction on it every Wednesday. Now if it were necessary to give up either the temhiruj or the explanation, I should consider it infinitely less injurious to omit the latter than the former, for without the teaching th<f explanation would be almost certainly forgotten, while if the Catechism be taught well, it will beyond all doubt be understood, even though never explained. I repeat, therefore, what I have said • considering the necessity of the Catechism beinff taught daily for some years, the proposal of, the bill to have instruction given out of school hours amounts practically to its total omission. This seems the place to answer <a difficulty out of which some capital might be made. mere are districts where all the denominations together can hardly fnrnish children enough for one school." I answer that there are a great many where it is not so. If exceptional legislation be necessary for the former, why apply it to the latter? I may have somb difficulty in carrying out a good principle, m all its details, but that is a reason for my setting it aside altogether and replacing it by! bad one ? If I am unable to pay all my debts, does it follow that I should pas. none ? , NEUTRAL GROUND. . f efore dealing with the three grand arguments in tavour of a purely secular system, it is necessary to notice another plan which finds favour m the eyes of some, but is still more contrar 1^I7^ni_ objectioaable -' Suppose that one jialf of the twenty religions that Melbourne can boast were represented in any. school, there would be theoretically ten religious instructions for the ten religions, so that each one would be taught once a fortnight. Now everyone sees that besides the insufficiency of such instruction, the few individuals supposed to charge themselves with seeing that it was given would very frequently be too apathetic to move in the matter aU, and so it would lapse altogether. ha n i «"> impulse the soul hL to S « , t0 ° be. overlooked. In onkr therefore, thattke children might«ceive each day «their daily bread," t h e ^ m S now about to lay before yon has been proposed. All the Christian Churches, it is argued, hold' many points in common, why might not these be taught in school, and peculiar dogmas be entrusted to the diligence of the various denominations ?• This has been put coarsely by some one," Why not teach the religion of Cliristun- ^igfiguredby dogma ?" Now, in the first place, this system excludes •the Jews. All the Christian Churches take their name from their belief in Christ. The Jew denies the Messiah has yet come ; it would be manliest tyranny to teach him the New Testament. The framers of this system would pro- Jjably, from respect for his religious convictions, allow him denominational education. Let them do as much for the Catholic, whose religious convictions are no less strong than his; then, if the various Protestant sects think well to meet on neutral ground, they may do so; But, considering the strong denominational, tendencies they have hitherto shown, very few will, I think, be found to embrace it on reflection. There are some points on which all Protestant Churches agree—for instance, that there is one Ood, that Christ is our Redeemer, and that the Bible is the word of God. On the other hand, there are points admitted by some and rejected by others. Thus, while some maintain warmly the divinity of that Redeemer, others assert as confidently that he was but a mere man. Similarly, baptism is firmly held by some and as Stoutly denied by others. The inevitable tendency of such a state of things is that those points on which all agree should gradually acquire more importance in the -eyes of all than those which are peculiar to each sect, and it does not seem improbable that if the various Protestant Churches were to consent to their children meeting in common, and learning from the teacher so much as all are agreed on, and were to trust to private instruction for the instilment of peculiar tenets, little more than a single generation would be required to lop off from each Church that which distinguished it from the. others. The Trinitarian would gradually learn to disbelieve in Our Lord's divinity, as well as in that of the Holy Ghost ; baptism would be given up by those who at present maintain it most resolutely ; and thus, finally, there would remain of a revealed religion nothing save the belief that our redemption had been wrought by a holy man, and that the Bible is a good book. This, Protestants instinctively feel, and hence their reluctance to meet on neutral ground. This reluctance is no mere assertion or deduction of mine. On pages 18 and 19 of the Education Report of 1867 it is expressly stated that denominationalism is "as rampant as ever," and that the attempt to reduce the number of schools " has been frustrated by the excessive pressure of denominational influences." Now, if Protestants, who agree at least in name, have this well-founded objection to " the neutral ground," and if it would be unjust and tyrannical to compel them to act against their convictions, why should there be such an outcry at the unwillingness of Catholics to consent to a mixed system, and to meet on neutral ground those who protest against them. It is represented that Catholics are so intolerant that they will not even entertain the proposal, while other Churches are not only ready to consent, but are even desirous to adopt it"—an immense amount of falsehood and absurdity condensed into a few words. It is untrue, as we have just seen, that Protestants are in favour of it; but if were, what would follow? That we ought to imitate their example? By no means. If their conscientious convictions permit them to send their children where their own peculiar tenets are nottaught, there is certainly nothing surprising in their doing so; but to expect us to do the same until our• consciences permit us "would be an extravagance, and to compel us "would be an injustice. Now, as regards " intolerance," I admit that Catholics are intolerant; but I explain the •word. . I assume as self-evident that there can be but ONE true religion. It cannot be true that there are three Divine Persons in God, and that there is only one Divine Person ; that Christ is God, and that He is not God; that Baptism is necessary, and that it is not necessary. Secondly, I suppose that every one believes his religion to be the true one—otherwise he would be bound to seek and embrace it. What are the duties, then, of each one towards those who differ from him in religion? He should by all means pray for them, but by no means attempt- to force his views on them and compel them to do what their conscience, tells -fchem is unlawful. He should tolerate their differing from himself. His not doing so would be *' intolerance." Hence the bill which proposes to compel purely secular education is " intolerant." But should he "tolerate" either his children being taught what he (wrougly, perhaps, but honestly) believes to be false, or taught insufficiently what lie deems essential for eternal life?. Evidently he could not. • "Intolerance " in this respect is deserving of high praise, .and any concession on this point indicates either . uncertainty of possessing the "Truth or indifference abnut preserving it. It is in this sense alone that the Catholic Church is "intolerant." Every other Church fhould be so too, and to say that She is more " intolerant" than any other, is to say that she is more convinced than any other that She is the True Church, and more earnest in carrying out the dictates of conscience with unwavering fidelity. * n -. It is to this unyielding firmness that the Catholic,. Church, owes Her everlasting Youth. Oldest .of us alL She is ever young, for Old Age creeps on with change, but Youth, if unchanging, is perpetual. -8KOTARIAN ANIMOSITY. It is now time to examine the , signal advantages promised by the proposed system. It is to -destroy sectarian animosity^ According to the education report ofthe yew- 1867, .denominationaliem tends to promote mutual unfoundea jealousy and distrust, not 86 tnudh between the the various Protestant sects as • between Protestants generally and Catholics. I deny that Catholics reciprocate the animosity of Protestants, but I consider it extremely probable they would do so if the Bill proposed ever came into operation. The animosity of Protestants against Catholics requires no lengthened demonstration. It is abundantly proved by the name they have themselves chosen, by the nicknames they have fastened on us, by Protestant literature, and by Protestant teaching. What does the name Protestant imply? Against whom, against what do they protest ? Against Catholics and the Catholic religion.* If they wish all animosity to cease, they have but to withdraw theirs. There is certainly none on our part. Have we any contemptuous nickname for them ? If we call them Protestants or Orangemen, &c.;, we do but give them names of their own choosing, names of which they are proud, while they are so accustomed to miscall Us that many have ceased to regard the words Papist and Romanist as misnomers, and, doubtless in perfect good faith, style us by these terms But there is still worse. It is bad enough that the filial reverence with which, all the Catholic Churches in the world look towards Rome should be misunderstood, and cast in our faces as if it were something shameful; but it is utterly intolerable that, in spite of all our protestations, we should be accused of the foul and degrading crime of idolatry or mariolatry. Yet can it be denied that Protestants are constantly taught thatwc are guilty of this enormity—and that —although our Catechism explains our belief and practice as clearly as human language can do it. " Of God alone we beg grace and mercy, and of the Saints we ask only the assistance of their prayers." Does it ever occur to Protestants as singular that their religion, instead of confining itself to teaching them their duty towards God and their neighbour, should occupy itself so largely in explaining to them the shortcomings of others ? If they think we are wrong, let them by all means pray for our conversion, as we do for theirs ; but let them call us bj^ our own name, and, above all, let them not accuse us of an abominable crime which we deny and spurn with no less horror than themselves. But, my dearly beloved brethren, though we do not reciprocate these sentiments, and are extremely unlikely to do so while we are educated separately, I am convinced that it would not be so if Catholics and Protestants were educated at the same school in equal numbers. A Catholic child, brought up apart from Protestants, knows little of the nicknames bestowed on him, or the crimes laid to his charge by even well-instructed and not bigoted Protestants, or if he do occasionally come across them in a book, he is not greatly moved thereat, and so he is saved from insult till he has acquired sense and charity to overlook it. But if you suppose this same child to be brought up not at a Catholic but at a mixed school, is it not exceedingly likely that his Protestant companions will, with the ineonsideration of their age, repeat in his presence what they have heard in their homes of Catholicity ? that he will be called Papist ? that when his turn for instruction comes he will be taunted with being taught to worship the Virgin Mary ? The mixed system has had a long trial in Ulster, but the blood that flows yearly on the 12th of July shows that "sectarian animosity " has survived the trial. If, however, the Catholics were but a very small minority, matters would be otherwise. Unabje to answer the senseless sneers of their schoolfellows, they would gradually become ashamed of their religion. INJUKIOUSNESS. Having, my dearly beloved brethren, seen the intrinsic deficiencies of both these systems, we might dismiss them without further consideration. But as we may be called on, if ever this bill becomes Jaw, to make great sacrifices in order to preserve our children from serious detriment, we cannot understand too clearly bow injurious any mixed system would prove to Catholics. The injury to which our children would be exposed is twofold—the destruction of Catholic instincts and proselytism. BOOKS. No one could for an instant expect that the books would be written by Catholics. Fourteen books were composed for the so called "National" Schools of Ireland. All were composed by Protestants, and even of the Protestants only one was an Irishman. A man's religion makes very little matter if he write on mathematics; but if he write history, it is a very different |thing. A Protestant * The singularly energetic protestations of Mr. Vole at Collingwood afford an unexpected confirmation. "Any religious community who could not stand an educated people should not have Stat? aid, and he would not give them one iota of assistance. The Roman Catholics must be prepared to meet the other sects of the community on a.common platform, and to allow no secret springs to guide and direct their movements." Not Ret their own money back fropi the " State V "He was doing that rough work in this colony against bigotry and intolerance -which had been done by others years ago elsewhere." An elector who, when the usual questions were being put, asked whether Mr. Vale would compromise with the Roman Catholics on the subject of'Education, received the following; reply:—" I will not compromise with them on any terms, and I ask ray Roman Catholic friends, as they asked for freedom before, and got it, to crush out the influence of Priestcraft. 1 apjieal to them to show their love of liberty and their attachment to freedom by joining hand in hand with every man who believes in the necessity of the people, as a who'e, being properly educated; and that intolerance and government by Priests should be driven from tb e face of the earth." Although " this deliverance was followed by immense cheering', which lasted for three-or four minutes," «id although Mr-Vale "was.voted almost unanimously a' fit and proper person to represent •Collingwood," I trust sincerely that Protestants at large will take bis rather excited utterances at their proper value, and show themselves more " tolerant" than Mr. Vale of the conscientious—even if erroneous —failings of their Catholic fellow-citizens. cannot take a Catholic view of certain historical facts—it is not to he expected. But neither is it to be expected we should take a Protestant view of them. We cannot in conscience do so. For instance, the glorious St. Thomas aBecket, who was murdered because he defended against a bad king the rights of the Church of Christ, as Pope Pius IX. defends them at the present day against another bad king, has been declared by that august authority to which all Catholics bow a martyr in the cause of Christ. One of the most moderate of Protestant writers adopts the view that the principal cause of his resistance to the encroachments of Henry II. was the natural antipathy the Saxon Bishop had for the Norman King. It would not be very difficult to show the absurdity of such a statement, but with this we have nothing to do. It is a natural view enough for a Protestant, but one which we could not entertain. Perhaps I could not put the matter before you more forcibly than by telling you that in St. Patrick's College we are obliged to use this Prctestant History in order to prepare our scholars for the University examination. Hence we are reduced to the strange necessity of insisting on our boys learning it, and then cautioning them against believing it. CATHOLIC INSTINCTS. Christ Himself says we should always pray. Religion is not like another science, to be occasionally called into requisition. It should permeate and direct all our actions. We should learn, in school to raise our minds from time to time to Almighty God, to ask His blessing on our efforts. In a mixed school all prayer would, of course, be banished, and instead of learning to think constantly, even when immersed in worldly occupations, of the end for which we have been created, and of the world to which we are hastening, we should be taught for four hours a day to exclude all thought of the one thing necessary. Those who have been brought up in the practice of their religion often fall away, but it is rare tliSit the early religious teaching does not bring them back after a while. If it were in our power to do so, it would be evidently our duty to prevent 1 their fall. If we cannot do this, we must least implant in them those sacred instincts that will allow them no peace in sin, and one day bring them back to virtue. Now in mixed schools not only will our Catholic instincts be altogether excluded, but our poor children will imbibe in their stead opinions as pernicious as they are false. If we are not strong enough to reject a system our conscience condemns, we certainly shall not be strong enough to exclude teachers of whom we disapprove. We Catholics cannot expect Protestants to treat us better than they, do themselves. There is at the present moment at the head of one of the four great schools of this city a man who openly denies eternal punishment. What guarantee could we expect that a man holding such views —or even an atheist—should not be placed over our children. Be it that he would never venture to broach such a doctrine, nevertheless, I object to their tender minds being brought into contact with such a man at all. The mere fact of its being known he held such opinions would work silently, but effectually, on them. Again, the whole tone of Protestantism is so different from that of Catholicity. Her proudest boast is the freedom of conscience She permits Her children, while the Catholic Church constantly inculcates humble obedience. What more likely than that some, led away by this spirit of liberty, should forget that the founder of our holy religion " was obedient unto death, and even unto the death of the Cross," and seek the melancholy distinction of being "independent Catholics." PROSELYTISM. Not only would the mixed system corrupt our Catholic instincts—it would prove a powerful engine of proselytism. Now, considered in itself, proselytism is not a bad thing ; to be in the true Church is manifestly an inestimable blessing, and to endeavour to confer on others such a boon is evidently an act of the highest charity. As there is—and can be—but one true Church, it follows that they alone who belong to it have any right to attempt to make proselytes, because they alone have any boon to confer. But as each one believes that his own is that true Church, so each one asserts for her the right to make proselytes, and denies it to all the others. Public order requires that these claims, of which all save one are false, should bo withdrawn, and all denominations acknowledge the justice of the demand, and promise to accede to it; but how faithlessly this promise is kept towards Catholics the iniquitous proselytism of the National School system in Ireland sufficiently shows. I have no doubt of the sincerity of many proselytisers, who ardently desire'to convert us from our errors, but we cannot suffer their zeal to inflict on us the irreparable injury of a false religion. The anti- Catholic system which has been misnamed "National," is an injustice to Ireland too gigantic to be explained in a few words. All we can do is to show what a Protestant minority have been able to do in spite of regulations so express as to exclude apparently all possibility of proselytism. One of the fundamental rules was, that no child should be allowed to be present at any religious instruction save that of bis own denomination. In the year '47 the Board of Education, at the instance of Protestants, and principally of the Protestant Archdeacon of Meath, the Rev. Mr. Stopiord, changed it into this other, so like and yet so different. "No child shall be COMPELLED to be present 1" . prom that moment proselytism bad it all its own way, provided only some motive could be furnished to the children for wishing to stay. Nothing easier. A few wor&s; of praise to those who remained, a trifling leniency in overlooking theirfaults, while rigorous and inexorable justice was meted out to those who did not stay to hear the word, would be sufficient The yery smallest infant would speedily understand ^bat; the surest way of avoiding, or at least diminish-' ing, punishment would be to attend. Of course the children wonld stay if the master willed it. "Then," it might be asked, "does not the proposed bill, which excludes from the school all religious instruction, exactly meet the views of Catholics?" You might as well ask a man who objects to taking poisoned food, would it not meet his views exactly to take no food at all ? Besides, proselytism would be far easier under the proposed system than under that established in Ireland. There it was impossible until the system was changed ; but, as Jwe have seen, it was changed in a most effectual manner, through the agency of one man, and changed in spite of the opposition of the Catholics who sat on the Board of Education, and of all the Catholic Hierarchy. Just examine how carefully everything is prepared in the new bill for the suitable changes. At present there is a board of education on which some Catholics sit. They, it is needless to say, are in the minority. Still, they can and do protect our interests. Now this board is to be dissolved and replaced by one man—of course not a Catholic. Over what are called " vested schools " he is to have such control as will place them completely in his power, and if Catholics refuse to vest their schools in him, they are to be punished by having all aid withdrawn. Why should not this man, after a decent interval, be importuned to make the necessary changes ? and why, being himself the entire board, and having no Catholic opposition to overcome, should he not graciously accede to the numerously expressed wishes of the " Public." The changes in the Irish system were not introduced without opposition. Unsuccessful as it was in preventing them, it has been utterly unavailing to undo them, and opposition here would be still more hopeless. The proper modifications could be introduced little by little, and our protestations be allowed to pass unnoticed—a most unfair but effectual way of meeting inconvenient remonstrance and doubly so here, where we have no Catholic daily organ. Ouv grievances would speedily be pushed out of men's recollection by other matters, and everything would go on as before. ECONOMY. One argument remains to be examined. It would be a great saving for the State if " the excessive pressure of this rampant denominationalism" permitted a diminution of the existing number of schools. One of the greatest evils ofthe present day is the substitution of flippancy for argument, and the use of frothy language to conceal something insignificant or bad. There is a great deal of grandiloquent declamation about the " State." The " State endows our schools, the "State" gives us sites for our Churches, the "State" cannot afford to pay for the teaching of dogma. If we "wish for that, we must ourselves provide for it. But who or what is the State ? Is it some beneficent fairy that does all this good out of pure benevolence? The "State" consists of certain men chosen out of the community by the votes of the community, and entrusted with the money of the community to carry out its wishes. As from these wishes there can be no departure without violence or fraud, it is manifestly the imperative duty of the " State " to ascertain what these wishes are, with a view to giving them effect. Where unanimity of feeling precludes jealousy, the duties of the Government are less difficult than where a diversity ©f interests imposes on it the arduous task of acquitting itself in such a way as to satisfy each section that it has not been unjustly dealt with. It is evident that if any section were inadequately represented, delicacy would suggest special attention, not merely to prevent any infringement on the rights of that section, but also to calm its natural distrust, and make it feel that its interests were quite secure. How does the " State" carry out the wishes of the community at large, and how does it act towards the Catholic body ? The preference of the community for denominational education, when it can be had, is manifested by " the excessive denominational pressure which prevents the diminution of the number of existing schools."—I need hardly remark that any pressure Catholics could bring to bear would scarcely be excessive—yet, in despite of the public voice, this bill proposes to destroy the system ou account of. fancied evils. The Catholic Body make the most temperate and reasonable proposal it is possible to conceive, and it is rejected. We are no inconsiderable portion of the community, and contribute no inconsiderable portion of the taxes. Let jour wishes as to the disposal of our money be consulted, and ow money —no one else's—be laid out in accordance with these wishes. All, then, we ask is this ; that of whatever sum is set aside for education we receive a share proportionate to our contribution to the State funds, and be allowed to dispose of this—our money—in a way that will enable UB to give our children a good secular education, ana what is infinitely better, a sound religious one. This is denied us. Unless we violate our conscientious convictions by accepting mixed education, and vesting our schools iu the Minister of Public Instruction, we are to be punished by having our own money withheld from. us. Is not the distribution of State aid sufficiently one-sided as it is ? Alas! the very cause I stand here to plead furnishes only too unhappy an illustration. The grant to the Catholic Orphanage for the year gone by was £3,700, the daily average of inmates was 293. The daily average in the Protestint Orphanage was 320—a larger number by 27. It is but just, therefore, that the grant. Bhould likewise be larger ; but it should be larger by a fair proportion. It exceeds the Catholic grant by £1,799. £3,700 for 293 children comea to about £12, for each orphan ; £5,499 for , 320, amounts to £14—an enormous difference. If this Bill ever passes, we shall be called on to make great sacrifices. We shall have to contribute our full share to the Education. Fond, 'and then we shall be deprived of our jaat pot- lion of it, and it will be given to others. It wili be onr duty to make every effort to undo the •wrong ; but in the meantime we shall have to ponr forth our hard earnings lavishly to procure onr children an education based on a thorough knowledge and love of their religion, that when summoned hence, our last moments may be •weetened by the thought of what we have done for them, and the hope of being Boon reunited with them to part no more. We have to day an opportunity of testing the sincerity of our zeaL Let the liberality of onr donations to these poor orphans show we are not degenerate children of that far-off Isle that, poorer than all other nations, has never yielded to them in generosity, and has held religion fast when reft of all beside. DEATH or DR. BARRY.—It is with sincere regret we have to announce the death of the Rev. Dr. Barry, who was formerly Principal of St. Patrick's College in this city. Letters received by the last mail inform ns that he died at the Mary Hospital, Cork, Ireland. Dr. Barry, who was settled permanently in Aincrica, went with his bishop to the (Ecumenical Council at Rome, and in returning visited Ireland. In Cork he was attacked with dropsy, and at length succumbed, at about fifty-five years of age, to that disease. The deceased, who was of a very old Irish family, was bom at 'Watergrass-hill, near Cork, and went to the Royal College of St. Patrick at Mavnooth to study for holy orders. He afterwards went to "Rome, and was ordained a priest, aud also took the degree of Doctor of Divinity under the present Cardinal Cullen, of Dublin, lie was professor of rhetoric for ten years at Maynooth with Dr. Delaney, the present Bishop of Cork, and in or about 1854 contested the public thesis with Professor M'Carthy of Hebrew and Scripture, in the same college. He. soon afterwards came to Australia, and we need scarcely add that here he took a deep interest in educational matters; indeed, in everything which affected the interests of the Catholic community. LENTEN SEIIVICKS.—'The daily Lenten devotions, consisting of Rosary, Sermon, and Benediction, were commenced on Monday evening, in the Church of St. Francis of Assissium, aud continued in the cathedral. On Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday evenings, the preacher in St. Francis's was Rev. Father Kelly, R.J., who each evening took a separate commandment of the Decalogue for his theme, beginning at the first. In St. Patrick's, the sermon, on Sunday evening, was preached by the Rev. Dr. Barsanti, O.S.F.; on Monday evening by ltev. H. England ; and on Tuesday evening, by Rev. Dr. Bleasdale. The congregations have been large iu both churches. WE understand that the Rev. Father Ka- ,vanngh has been appointed to assist the Rev. R. F. X. Fennelly in the extensive district of Hamilton. 