Facetiae. "I LIVE in Julia's eyes," said an affected dandy in Coleman's hearing. "I don't wonder at it," replied George, "since I observed she had a sly ia them when. I saw her last. A PATIENT complained to his physician that ho was' pursued by a ghost the night before, as he was going; home from the tavern. " What shape was it ?" asked) the doctor. " In the shape of a jackass," said the man* "Go homo, replied the physician, "and keep sober» You were drunk last night, and frightened by you» own shadow !" "What are you disturbing the whole house wílik your yells in this way for?" demanded a landlord of a guest whom he found late at night seemingly in aotive pursuit of invisible foes, and yelling at the top of bis voice. "I'm shouting the battle-cry of flea-dom," answered the guest, as he went ahead with his searoh. and his yells. A MAN who wanted to buy a horse asked a friend', how to toll a horse's age. "By his teeth," was the reply. The next day the man went to a horse-dealer,, who showed him a splendid black horse. Tho horse hunter opened the animal's mouth, gave one glance,, and turned on his heel. "I don't want him, Baidl he; he's thirty-two years old." He had counted the> teeth. A aooD story is told of a rather verdant agricultural labourer, who, having by hook and by crook aorapedi together 50 dollars, took it to his employer, with e> request to tako charge of it for him. A year after the> labourer went to another friend to know what would' bo the interest on it. He was told 3 dollars. "Well,"* said be, "I wish you would lend mo 3 dollars for ai day or two. My hoss has been keeping 50 dollars for me a year and I want to pay him tho interest on it." " A FRIEND passing along a village street was painfully bitten by an ugly dog. A single blow of a heavy stick, skilfully aimed, was sufficient to kill the animal instantly ; but tho enraged pedestrian still continued to pummel the corpse till little vestige of canine form remained. At length he was accosted with, "What ! are you about ? That dog has been dead these ten minutes." " I know it," was tho reply ; " but I want to givo the beast a realizing seme that there is a. punishment after death. One evening as I was sitting by Hetty, and had worked myself up to the point of popping the question, sez I, " Hetty, if a feller waa to ask you to marry him, what would you say ?" Then she laughed, and sez she, "That would depend on who asked me." Then sez I, ¡ " Suppose it was Ned Willis !" Sez she, ' ' I'd tell Ned j Willis, but not you." That kinder stnggared me, but I was coo 'cuto to lose the opportunity, and so sez I agen, " Suppose it was me ?" And then you ought to see her pout up her lip. Sez she, " I don't take no supposes." Well, now, you see, there was nothing for mo to do but to touch tho trigger, and let the gun go off. So bang it wont. Sez I, " Lor', Hetty, it's mo ! Won't you say yes ?" And then there waa such a hullabaloo in my head I don't know znotly what tuk. place, but I thought I heerd a " Yes" whispered some where out of tho akrimmnge. A curious story is told of three young candidates for a Scottish ministry. The first one put upon his trial, while putting on his robes, happened to descry an ancient-looking Well-worn roll of paper, which proved to be a sermon upon tho text, "Jacob was a plain man, dwelling in tents." Seeing that tho old sermon waa much bettor than his new one, the aspirant to pulpit honora took possession of it, delivered it as his cwi), and then returned it to its old resting-place. Tho sermon was a good one, and pleased tho hearers, although they would havo preferred one delivered with~ out book. Groat was their astonishment the following; Sunday when preacher number two treated them with the same sermon from tho same text ; but it was too; much for Scottish patienoe when a third minister, falling into the same trap, oommonoed his sermon by announcing that "Jacob was a plain man, dwelling in tents ;" and ono old woman relieved the feelings of her fellow-sufferers by exclaiming, " Deil dwell him 1 It he never going to flit." It ia well-known that the late Daniel Webster was a man of luxurious tastes and expensive habits, which frequently brought bim into pecuniary difficulties. A western gentleman, shortly after tho great statesman's death, inveighed seriously, tn a mutual friend, against these habits, and enforoed his remarks with a practical illustration. "Why, sir," he exolaimnd, "I travelled all night with Webster in a atage-coach out West, not long ago, and in the morning we all got out at a little hotel to stretch our lega and get breakfast. Wobstor took up a travelling-case, with combs, hair-brush, and tooth-brush, all of which he used vigorously. When he'd got through, I asked him to lend mo his tooth brush, aa there wasn't any at tho Bink where wo washed, and Mr. Webster courteously complied. After U8ing and rinsing it off, I handed it back ; and, will you believe it ? the extravagant follow just pitched it over into the bushes. It was a good new brush, too, and might have lasted him two or three montha longer. No wcut'.cr ho wns always ia debt." 