[? ,;: I . PvBúo MRKTINO iki SY'UVR\ ,f>.-aU,'L I ' Oír H th November «'larfe and . influential 'hieoting'fw-ay held }h St. James's Scho-lroom, ia respect' £fdr . Üio memory of tho latoBlshop'Patienta?'' ?*ftto~*<Kif<iAlflno)' \- tho làntl ol Jicluiom presided. -. Tho rnhoolrdoiií WtiMonSély crowded, and many stood without unable to rubtkin'admití: Bi'ou. jThe meeting ocnipi}6ca members of variouéietetions. of thq community, una included a largo ¡ .proportion/.of Jhdies. "> _ .' .../ v" j.,',uj.ji' ij.ij Tlioj DHAN of SYHNKY opened tho proceediaga^wllh' prayer) Thu Murtyr's hymn, beginningTho Soo. ofiOoce: gees forth to war," was then sung, ' "" ¿\\- . His KXCHM.KNCY Iben roto and.addreswd.tho meeting. ' . He said that it luid not bren called 'wítjra ppltycdï oltjo'ct.'' lind lhere bren any such object, of cóursd jt'wo'tld cot iinve beeline) a person in his position to. tuki> the chiiif. .This met tiog wa« called, lo uso tho words of tho'Secretary','th'e Kev. Cuuon Vidal, in inviting him to attond, to afibrd'an opportunity of expressing sorrow at (he lamented dcathof the hub Bishop Patteson, and . sympathy .wiihhi» friends,; arid at tho sanio limo to promote au* iucreoaed interest in tito Welucesiun nihsioh : , and it . may., ;bej to ? miro tonio luoriuiiiint to' tin.; indi estccittúd, ,' Bishop.' . No doubt mest i.f those present wei o 'familiar with thc life and ehhrscter ol Bishop Patteson. .Maur of 'thein'had r¡ó^-{ sihlj lind the advantage-which bo regretted he'lifid'hot - ; of having bi.* personal uccmuintanftiv He h'id.'liówcver/háÜ' un i piiortunity ol veiling his luis.ñon statiuil 'iit Norfolk . lelsntTj though hu hud íiiiu-cd tho ' Bishop,' by a1 few daye. lt was only necessary for him to 'rna through' . a few Of the principal events of his evcctfuliiFe' .-sAs they weiu aware, at the ago of tweiily-niim ho .was induccd^t'o oller hts servicia to the bishop of Lichfield,;,at, thal,linio: Bishop of New Zealand, when ho.was ut home,,- in (ho year l&ôù, j and .iiccoiupauicd him' to this" .'part, of "tho woild-j-which was' to him1 as tho ends of tho earth -for the purpose'of joining in his r.oUo'wèifc,''- "After he bad bren engaged in thc capacity of chiir)lafri to the' Bishop for five-years, he was appointed to ono ot tbo'ohier offices jin! th« Uhmch'of iirigluiid, becoming Bishop-of what hus been known as the Melanesiiw mission. - The head-cniaiters. of this, mission', which oxtondedí over- thn South Pacific Ocean, were at first planted:&t-St.; John's Coiiegf, at Auckland. : lt was-found, however, i,ttutt,,the j . boye and gji- ls who were brought fruin Hie islanda suffered . from the cold, and.it'tvas'lhen decided. to'rëiùovô"tlie.estaV. bliabmbnt ' to .tho. moro ' gcniarclimato' of,' Norfolk ? Island.'" FundsjwCTè .raised by the,friends' of "thô^.Mclancsiàh.ùiio- ; sion for--thé -purohato- of 'DIO acres" Kt'JEz'per1 abre';' und, tinder tho auspices, of . thq lato lamented Bishop, buildings were; erected (hut- ' Veïè17 an-":;¿£¡? ample (and ii credil-* to' tho.'whole eommuiiity-'re'siding on tho, Ishind. ; Bishop Patteson: *nd.>hie:Qlorgy>weroC in tho habit every, .year.of mailing:¿visita.ithroughout ike inlands of tho Pucitic,' somcof .tho^ilergymen remaining on tkem for months together to carry, pu their .work.. Tho mission schooner was used in brlnging-tho ha'tívc'bbyBhnd girls from tho various islands " to tho : esmblislmient, ut Norfolk Island;' for the ptirpnso of their educat'oafWhcri' tin y wera taken to their : bornea again '? w ^eprèad ? tho R'iineuco of tiviltoüoh rmd Christianity'. The faotswtho' inifsiicio wer» t)leu-relited-by-hi» Kxcollen'oy. ? 'Orie'.thing; which he.had not eden meutioatdj .was thata.-p'slm'frbna:. with fiye knote upon il had bios found upon"'tho'hreast of- ilia Bi shojvfls his hedy: lay,'dtid in lho boatiî Tm's; as hoi ¡md tri-n informed, was supposed to bo a signiflcatiiinHhat Jiiií Iifojbaii.been.tHkeu in revenge for five natives: "Thiis1 elend the mot tal career of. thu. lamented Bishop, of the , Bow Mr. ' Athen,' and tho' catechist Stephcii,-whilst'lie doubtíd not that the spirits of -thew valiant- soldiers''óf,: Christ had gone to be with that" most glorien* company ' who dwelt in the Land, of Puradise;: eveif¡ the souls j of ' 'those -'; " who ' were- bchoiided-: for ;-"fhei witness of Jesus and'tho 'Word of God." ' (Applaus?.) Ho woiild briefly touch upon ono matter whlcti waa Blip pofiid {o'bc à probable C'MIFO of this fearful crime. No doubt others who. followed him' would go moro fully futo this matter. : But he rbonght it right lo mention' that the labour ; trade of tho Polynesian Islands had attracted the serious, attention of her Majesty's Government, and he be- lieved that at the 'commencement »I tho next session they would bo in a position to legislate on it. Papers had been laid before tho Houeo of C'ommonii, and had come'out by lott'mail, which showed tho great difficulties ^whioli fcurronu'ded this question. Many sta'erosnU had been"' ins.de founded upon opinions and inferences. No dnnbt ii greut deal that hud been said was perfectly true, but still slutenimtB had bein made which ought not to havo hoou mode, ¡and Ibis did not mako it ca»ior for (hose who had to deal with tho subject. Tho hoad* 'of1 the bill which it waspropoEcd by the'Imperial Government to Milurit to tho Parliament had been submitted to tho Governors of tho various Australian colonies, with tho viow of obtaining from their responsible advisers information and as6istauce," He wes glad to fay that tho Governmoat of this eolony would givo all tho assistance lbat they would bo justified in rendering. (Cheers.) It had boen found a great dilliculty to apply tho existing elive laws to the liibour tindo of tho Polynesian ia'ands. Somo wcro nf opinion that tho laws relating to tho slave trade could not bo made to apply, amongst whom wero tho Chief Justice-and ho was bound to say hu agreed with him. Olhers ? wore of a different opinion. Bo that as it might, howover, tho Government nt homo intended fd rake frcih ;rrpund. Tiny will deal with this question aa une of kidnapping-which was only another word for nmn- etenling. (Choors.) It was proposed that any Bi irish Fubjoula who should commit any of tho folldwinj; .(ii aces chull bo guilty of felony, and shall be liable to bi t:iid ia tte Supremo Courts of any of tho Australian (.. lonies, which would got rid of tho difficulty of pro heculing in thc Admiralty Courts. Tho ciimoä that will he sopunishablo aro theso:-(1.) DÜCOJ , by fcrco or frrud, any nativo on board ship for tho purpose of coavnyinrr' ? him elsewhere. (2.) Ships, embarks, receives, ilolaii.ii,.. ' or confines, for tho aforesaid purposo, any native without1 lie oonBciit, ilio priu f of which cotuont thM br on thc: parly accused (it.) Cmiti-nol» for doing any of tho above Reit- williout roiihciii of lim native, proof nf oimxoiit lo he aa Uforo. (4.) l«'iu out, nnms, unvotes,- oquip*, urn, unploys, lets, or tidies on freight or hiro, or ounimundit. or HIVIB, or ia on hoard with intent tu oniiirail,. or lining tu !.< mil should ccunuil; auy of th« offences onnmoiiit. il (5.) frliips, ludís, rmi vii, or puta on hüiid niiy yoit.il, or centrums for so' doing, nic-nuv, trim.']*, «r Whir articles, to this intent Unit they shall bs eui 'pli.iul, or knowing that (hey will bu*employed < irv <th* couiihiiitiiin ot any of tho offences nltovo enumerad d. ita lir.vtd that abo proposed .law would bo «ullleiently <M< ci ping:not .ou'y ty catch .those who actually ouunuilM ? -th'tVti erinves), but Hil those who.assisted them by flttingM.ui. vessels;., (Cheera) ,1'liero waa uno other iimiior ho would , leven .open. There wera tho;d who would forbid tho .uiiigriiliiiu of the Tolyueaiiius altogether, That would tm ? a minter extremely ditllcult; und hu did not'seo'how tt could .^c curried out. [This riiimik is cot intended ni refer in' .any way to a dlflieully of interfering with'vested ititororU >«,,- thc cel.nios, but lo practical ditlhuKios ewing to Wj'nt of juusdiotion iu:tho South -Sea Mauds, '-'nrid tho vust cxlmt of .ocean over which ibo .trude via i unit d tn.] In tho first-plato it would muid tint, at ¿oontralaiid tindo with till ita,%iit'cndaht''dihiiirnl'.wiiiah, which if property' cinduetcd was. pètfvotly" legal. Ho would only qvmto two opinions. Ono was ??that cf the lat« Bishop Paltoson hinisilf, givcri by bim in a letter written to Sir Geovgo Uowen on the 4th ol July ¡lust year, »nd part of which hat. been l;iiil buforo tho UOUM) ' of Ci'iimjone, After dealing wilh thu reluiioiiB of thu colcniiil Guveimiieiit«, ho Suya :-'« "With regard to thu Fiji Islands the difficulty, iu .much grunion Many of tho .Killers, mid *.any of, tho. sailing lnustorH ^engnped in. tho. .traillo, ari) nut,' or 'limy not bo, British subject." -And then, further " on, ' arter sketching foi th à rdbrtno which ho thinks will bo'effectual, .he gcepj on-"1 dd not advocuto tho suppression, hut tho . regulation bf-the trsfllc.1 Deception, inhumanity, unjust .detention cf nutives, nod viol«lion of'agreements, ¡aw not. -necesMiiy for. procuring and maintaining a ' supply of lubi.nrerx for tho pliintationti,". Hu wutild .now quuto tho opinion ol Mr. Mnrnh, tho Consul of; Fiji, glvou to Lord plririii.dpn. It -waa au follows:--"If 'interdicted tho irado [ would prolahly bo IriinBlerrLil to vessels currying, foreign '<fUi¿*¡ and result in" abuses apparently greater 'than exist; at -'présent." ll would »hus bo seen that thoro was a danger "of whatever evil existed being increased. Tho trade would ilbe driven ' bj those who would nbulish it .nltopother into ? .foreign ships ; carrying' tiega willi which tho British war ;vuse)s could .¿ot . interiore.'- Ho had now said 1 BB iijiuh us he thought necessary innn opening speech, . i< > . _ Thc Bey. Canon ViñAi, mentioned'that ht; hiid roctivod *a letti r fri.T thu Ri-v. Cuiion'Sclwyn, td "Newcastle, liiou * thining ttmt universal sympathy waa felt there for tho lalo' . respfiied ' Bishop. < ?..'Ho .iilso< roentionsd tbat-iu lotter'Of' nioloby hsd lin n- received from tho' Hov. Mr. Hominis. He nlso rend n'leltor from an eyewitness'of themassacre, ,!tkó. facts, of which have already appeared in thia journal. J ; .- Sir Al.Mir.n ETsniKK, C. J., said that, for manv reasons, ' ; he thiuld hayo '. been glad to nuvo been spared attendanco -at that meeting. He rejoiced to seo BO largo an assoiablago. :H tliewed a fuct, ôf .which ho.;ono was likely lo1 cntcilaiii "any doubt, that tho heart.oí tho ontiro, community wa» 'moved; and tho only auhjoct, for, regret was. flint ; they, "bad j.rot*¡.a'¿ much. . larger, room, .in." which - to ' ka'vch osserhblid., '(Cheers,) All Sydnoy, -so to speak, would have been hero., Ho did not dosiio \ to trespass long upon themj as there wore BO many oth'or : speakers to follow', FcvoraV resolutions' to ibo ''moved; and ho did not think it desirablo that Hbo meeting' should' ho pro {. I( rigid. Ho was noverthelesH, desirous of 'milking' n fow r< murks, and they might bc oxpeotcd of him; Unliko his .lordship ibo Governor who had ao weltspokcn to thom, ', ho ^had -tho great; privilege .of personal acquaintance with '(holatoBiehtipPattcFC.il. Hi« family lind been intimate ' with him. Be had often .sat-at his (tho speaker's) t»hlu, arid hud pasted ninny pleasant evenings nt lu's homo, flu i MUS a hmn singularly gifted as ' till who know him weru . awaro. Ho waa a man fond of muBio, aud. high art in all ft ifs blanches. Hu was peculiarly fitted to adorn society.' Though many might exprès» moro freely their sentiments <"ôf respect, "none could Jool moro deeply than ho did 3the lona of tho good Bishop. Ho ' was indeed a ; (iroat'ahd good man; a vory lovablo SB well a loving man. ' llo com] ared him not with others. 'Ther¿ wore others as ¿oble, who bad preceded him in thc saan) noble calleo-tho ,'uiiBBÍonaTy . Williams, for instance. , .lld . was, however, 'distinguished, for his .(tr vat zeal ia bia work. Ho WHS no ^adventurer. 'He loft behind him frioa'ds arid relatives, an t ' bis) uroi-pcits wero such, as might have tempted him to Tonmin where' he was. Ho' abandoned all these comfirts .and prospects; and bringing'with him' his fgrtuao, ho divntld- thisj equally with hiiiisolf, to -tho causeln'.which he.diod. (Appïaiise.5 " Ho believed he had spout tho greater , pin t of the.fottuni'hu bad in his work. Tho los*which i civilisation ..nod- tho cuuauof religion ausltiinrd through ,"the, druib vf Bishop. .Patteson was: groator than at first ^sfght night appear. Tho ;knowledRo which , he poascssod "nf the native linguales and of :tho variuu» dialeots SVUB 1 very great, ifjd'would die with him. Ho feared that none , Would rise for inany years, if ovor, lo tread with tho sa-ad success thopnth'in w-hich ho had trod. Thu course pur .('sued by bim of training' children and'disporting thurn : among their leland homos had boon fruitful of good ; resultp, as they would know from thu reports read, and iw:!,iih they would learn from a lotter which ho would real ^tirieiitly." Hu would now movo.the following resolution whîçli hnd been placid ia his hands,-" Thar, this mooting .'«¡j.rrtfc». its-vrofound regret, ut tho death by violence of ' the 1, to Bichnp Patteson, and dosiros to record its Benno of- ' his. high personal quulitius. an WJII US of his liiliouiH us u iiiiísionitry." Thuir presence to- night! showed . thoro could bo mi doubt of tho lici-p reeling of regiei for thu lumouled Bishop, >lr was ii grund and noble cause in', which ho hud boan rut aged, ll»'went ne a conqueror, not for Moxioo or >rein.,or th.-islands of the sens, nut for England, or any Kui opean statt-.. Ui-went out as a conqueror forChris lianity, Mid oicd in the cnu-u ; and, na his life was grand ard noble, so uns hie doilh. (Applause.) His loss would ' le scwrelv felt by those among whom he had Hbourid His Kxciihricy Lord Belmore,- hud suid that a strong im íicíí-ion previd'.ul thal the ci uso nf thia lamentable datth .vas attributable to vlohneo piipeti-.ited on tho islanders by white nun. He though! it not improbable, hut, mid hu spoke, not ag a lawler1, bul us a member of tho com- munity,- ho would suv thht they did nut ' know the anise. They could not positively ascertain it. .They ri.igUt. bo wionir lin attributing it to one or nuuther cni H "which they believed. And it would-be wlsornnd betti i to absluiu tbivïfore fruin any such imputation. The nets of violenco said to h-; euuimiltcd ia tho islinds.by y.irfonf cngnged in tho labour trade should hu iour.:ssod. If Ihoj were eummiUed, ii wat; due tu tlie.msplvci",* in our own character, nud ns a cation, that they should Uko o.irc that these things should no lor.gur be. (Chcors ) He ?weuld put a check upou tho lnbour tmthc in two other waya., He would bnv»> the vesenla licunEcd and pinned under tho strictest regulations, mid .'ho would allow British men- of-war tu si-arch vrssrls and seo that nil tho BtipmV ticnp were complied with, and if not, upon proof, ho would .pirniit of ,semue and punishment. (Applause )- He would, in tonrlurion vend extract«, from a lotter '.writtrn .. by ,a frhnd, ? which -hu had . received from Nov [Zealand, .wiere tho Bishop was engaged fur :ura»y. years My "heart cohos for ' you when .tho sad, news of our.great ' Iocs reaches you. Whai a Joss .' to tho . mission, tho' ' Church, and ' to .. al . whb loved our dmr maru red saint ! Tho. nows'; comet ;.VCiy lytivily fin UH, fi-r BiiV.Op Pnitveon.hftd written to tel .us ho.wás "probably .coining to us iii tho. Southern Cross ' <.n his way. to the, Pijis.; She ctmiu in l ist Tuo.-khi) "m'nrriiiig, and we were i preparing his room and ful of jcy , arid ? expectation, when Bishop , uowii brought -.UF, tho tidings.. It was, iudufd,:a dnj of wm- Hie !cutbc.lial hull tolling all day - frienüi ; who loved him coining in to weep with u& " The hex : muming vyas All Saints'Day, arid ¡t was ari inrx|,rcstib)< comfort 'tb go lip to the private chapel and to n'cuivo th ,fuut where. Bishop Páltpoon' had.so often ministered, ani .to return ' thaiikf, thoiiah willi blinding teau,- for oui ' n.artjre. We. gut a mo^t delightful'happy lotter fronVbini; -dilled July 20th. fruin Motu. Ho was permitted there ti st o thej first fruits of his work ; agrcat outpouring of . th. i Sprit upon thd people. Macy adult*, aird ; Hld childret .bnplincd, . Ceng;igâtions of, 400 . and SOO aseetnhiing ti .bein- him. , Th.-a be went., hoi th wards to gather . hi, .icholurs »nd to pick np Mr. Brook, who had been elevm. ; weeks ¿lone with twooi- three Chrisiiin acholan,at 1'lorida and Mv..AlkinWho had leen for tho same time'willi hi' fnilhlul Ptephm' ai- Bmiro. E' 1 .** . The Bishop' wuuli i not go direct tu' Snntn Ciùz, but beat np against 1Kb wind ti . ..Beef Islands, where the mission parly hav'o buded eve: i inr o 1858; Tho people of Nukapa aro Poly ucsiau», ant! the Bishop ..could txniuriunieato ; with them. " ls . it; . not ' touching to hear how tho ..-pool ;heatbin aftir tlciract of. UócdWould tot keepJho body ,Th(y removed, tho hlocd-slnined garnn nts, und put on nev tapa cloth tied at thc neck and'feet, and laid a p.ilm bran ji .(«ll r>ii'consuioUB of iho" sigriificiincc) over his woimdtt breiiBt, hud tent tho canoe flontinjr out to meet the Borrow .jng.woiindtd disciple, dear Joseph Atkin. , The eyvs. won closed ds in prayer, and there was great calm on thoi fuco and a sweet sàd'eiuilo. * *. ; Some grieve;that the dca: body of eur friend wvis^nucittod to thu deep ; but, asi - ;Bays,' bb lies nmi.nç hi»i,»slfmds ; haying,tak?n posscssloii i, IbiiiiJnhis Master e'nnuio. ! Wo think now moro than eve . lliiil. God will' tu'iri.Ibu honrts.of thc poor pcoplaat Panti Ci'u/.. ond; make thom Christians indeed. ' Fray for the littli desuir.t« band itt Ñoifolk1' Island." They, write oahUy but. veiy ;bravoly, and say, ' to ? rise - thoir- owi , verás, i " Our ' best' oomfort - now will' be ii sfiiving fo follow tho rfepgiof'thcao whoarn- thus euddonh taken from nè, in chrcrfullyiand BtodfueÜy doing; our du»; in this gnat work , that we nroiperroitttd to jpiu fu. W. aro bowed dewn with sorrow. \oii can imagina how w< ehnll miss our dear suinlcd Bishop. - You know how swee and kind and good ho was.. Ho waa a father to us, and .wi ind the Melanoj-ians hero : now feel -like orphans.''- Hi H<nor tva dovin amid cheers. - ? /' Thc Kev. Dr. Stn:ra. said list it wan befitting that hi Honor the. Chief Juttice, who had himself given ti son t the wcrl. of the nltur. ; should , lend tho exprresion ol od piief on tli« occosio'u'of Oté endden and iragie find ol th nn (ii BB English Judge, Who' liad .dévi>fi¡d 'hiuiáulf s tidily, PO conaisteritlv, for'thc br-wrlt"of his fellow-man Hu esteemed it au horon'r to be a nullb'wircr ur. un ircenslbi co er<Ht i.r.d Fpleiun sw ihk. Ile felt the l"ss os 'deeply Í if ii hud been ow- of hU t.wn kin or as a ftither in his «>wi Churi-h. And In- u.-uld assure them thal tim shock- whtcl wi nt through the little company in tho Southall-. Crosa !ho little ct nipnny ja Norfolk lilfcnd; which hui tUtiljti thiongh even- Church ' ia 3Scw ZruUtnd, cud. whicl was' thrilling' thnngh all Australia, would jus as -truly thrill throughout tho whole Cathudi Uiuioli of God throughout tho world ns tho mri »nil nulanoholy tidings go. (Cheers.) It was indood " Irupio i-nd of ono who BO short ii timo hoforo wits lull of 1 .ic. of hopo, nf zeal, und energy, mid cautious with.nl in mt. riiig in on his dangerous work. Fnlling HO Buddonly uni'n-ibo heavy clubs, under tho pioroing knifo anti the I m bul mid poisoned nrrows, ho hnd no frioud to sooth-j liin'i in tim! last hour. Thoro was nono to tnku tho bist tiift-Higt) fi om his dying lip?, nono lo olosn his ovo?, HS ho nlom' in tl nt itlo of tho Southern Sea fell down d\od. Ho could, ne- vert lid. es, iii this trying hour no doubt turn up liii-cil'» to heaven, Uko tho proto-innrlyr, ouil pay, "Lay not thif- pin to their charge." and " Lord Josm, reooivo toy spirit." Ho had iiutioipatod nn end somothiug : like 'thin, ns was evident from tho last lotter that had lum reprinted lure. Ho felt that ho was surrounded by niHtiy dangora wherever ho went, owing to tho spirit of retiiliiitfon that, had been aroused in tho islands, Thoro were throe kinda of martyrs, ns they wore told. Tboso who puffend both in will nnd deed ; thoso who suffered in will, ' 1 ul not, in deed ; nnd thoeo who Buffered in deed, but not in .will :'and tho nucient Church fixed tho martyrdom of St, Stephen ns un instance of tho first kind, of St. John of tho seci'iiel, nnd of- thc Holy Innoconts tho third. In tho caso herotp tl» ni, thfiy hnd ono who suffered both in will and dcid.. Bishop Patto'pon had schooled hiniPolf into tho spirit' oí tl c Master beforo he look that last voyage. Ho uudor ¡; n'obd; il', nil, mid ho WBB prepared for tho worst; and ¡ Ic. ,v-n* tnken liko tho Master from disciples who : loved him well, ? By publio knowledgo ho know iblit tho Bishop WHS gifted with peculiar endowments for tho work to which ho wnp devoted. Ho was à truo Bayard i-f ti J miseionnry liko that chevalier-sans peur et sans r,) recht. Dovoting himself nnd hi« fortune to tho most dcgri'ded 'of human beings, ho went among tho various .Mci's) w.-th all- their differences, troub'os, and jealousies, 1 fecit p in every swnrthy face a man and a brother capiblo bf onjoylng Ibo graco of God as ho himself onjoyod it. Ho was truly n noble PurccBFor.to tho Apostlns. (Chuorp.) Ho livid jiiiil for himself, but for those poor islanders. Ho was n tiue fr'end to (ho Polynesians, nnd when ho died ho died f"r ih<tn. ; The blood of Bishop Paltcson spilt in tho Pacitio would, liko tko ashes of 'Wickliffe thrown into tho > Avon, becomo ;nn emblem of what will bo offootod by ;niipsionnry' 'tnterpriBo. -Ho did not despair ot ant thor man being got to supply hia placo. Thoro had titic-r1, been'n man wanted. As thoro had boon thoso ready . to fill; up tho ranks of (ho British nrmy in tho Crimea, and to suppl} 'Ihivmissionary stntionp in tho deadly olimato of Moira Leone, so there would.bo tboso who would como for waid lo take the place of Biphop Patteeon and his oom pinions. Tho resolution spoke, of thu labours of tho mis sini ary. In the r-oiith'crn Sens inipsiona had been estab- lish, d about seventy.five years; and "Christian Churohoa ; wero j now planted in (360; islands, nnd- 450,000 ; souls, lad ip'ipscd into them. Ye t ? tho ¡coat of thom had ,,. «li been £1,200,000,, IIB mupli; nh tho cost of ono milo of , th TlmiilefeeiiibBlikii'ent. ".'1 hV'Wbrk; however, whs 'still ?ioingjon.' i Tho blood of. tho martyrs had'over boen the seo! of the chinches ;.- and men would lise lo. follow thoso .'g. od mon',-, until in overy island of : tho : vast Polynesia tho Mi'ptiiih fhould-be acknowledged. There were othor . im- per «nt influences resulting from tho labour of tho mission 'HI j. I Tl eio was; a. timo whon tho whaler nod inorohant vfssid dieiidid these Ulanda, Kow there ur« places whoro ihi y fcnn'icflf, and'where tho sailor on a Sunday nuruing could thenr whut reminded him of his own country ohurch. A cnjjtain hud written from Now Zealand dovcribing their pi efl ni condition. In tho pictnro drawn by him ho repre- sented thain great ohnngo had tnkon placo' in tho islands, and had stilted that in oonsnquonco of tho labour trafilo íniinyjof thom had now become almost depopulated. Bishop l uttefon lind diid a sacrifice to tho cause of humanity. He had yielded up bis spirit whilo ong.iged ia sproading nniot p the heathen of tho islands tho Gospol of tho Lird Ji-sua^hilat. Ho bcllovcd that his death iu tho providence of God would raise a thrill in tho British pooplo that would cause¿tbi-ni to rise with ono heart and voico, and say that thipo thin-iP shall not be so any moro. (Applause.) Ho ti usted thiit thero would bo ralard throughout tho British dominion* tho cry that had resounded among tho anclont Bon ans, " Carthage must bo destroyed." (Applaune.) '.Nothing less must bo done. Tho blood of a brother oillcd <ul that something should bo done. Thoy did not, lu wi ver, seek to bring about a punishment of njinninry juBtice. But thoy expected that tho liiii-ectcd denth of Bishop Putfcson would load to a ri si allon of all tho inhumanities of tho labour traffic, ni.d increased progress of Christinn mission» in tho S .uta -Sias. I If this triifllo in South Sea'labeur were carried on, let! it ¡be carried on legitimately and honourably, and in such a wny that tho ships; ongaged therein .might assist instead of retarding missionary enterprise. (Applause.) .tl ho ri solution was put to tho' meeting, and carried unanimously. Tho! Kev. JOHN,'GHAHAM, who was next called upon, said that' bo had been asked to move tho second resolu- te ii n'a follows, -" TJiat tho beroaved mission party at . Norfojk If land hnvo bur sympathy in tho groat loss thoy ' hnve susininid, and our prayers that they may bo supported under illili trial." Tho mover said that anough had already been enid to movo and carry half-a-dozen resolutions of this finer through thia meeting, and ho believed ho might soy with truth, through tho wholo of tte .community. Tho resolution stated that " the j bereaved porty at Norfolk Inland had their 'ejmpatby." Ho was glad that tho constructor of this :resolution had spoken of "our" sympathy. This littlo word had been used beforo this ovoniug. Tho Doan of sydney had used it in tho Loi d's Prayer addrossod to "Our" Fathor, who ort in Heaven. And ho (tho speakor) could not give to lhat word, in tho present resolution, a losa limited significance than when used in tho prayer, " Our!Father." It applied in tho resolution as woll na inj tho prayer not only to Episcopalians, bat to Piesbytorinus ; and not only to them also, but to people of all denominations, whoso father God was. Many denominations, and indeed he hoped all donomi ' ratif-ns in IhiB city, wore represented hero to- night. Thia wne ii meeting which doserved tho sympathy of thoao who loved tho Lord Jesus Christ and rovored His ciuse. Thoy all pn-yed for holp for tho (luck of that boloved niissiohàiy in Norfolk Island. (Applause.) Ho felt wilh tho committee of tho Melanesian mis- sion in this city ; but ho hardly know in »I nt ' terms he ooutd fitly express his feeling. Ile felt thut they bad dona him a grcal favour ia askiug him to bo present. Ho had had thrco other meetings which: ho was to have attended that evening, bul ho would hine loft four to come hero and sympathies with his Epis- copalian biclhrcn, and tbe wholo Christian community, fa thc ilenlb of this noble man of God. (Applauso.) He tliougbt- that concerning him, the following might bs I'Xpict'scd, if not engraven on his tomb, " When ho, by tho will ol Ged, had sorved his own generation, ho fell asleep, nnd was gathered to his fathers." And as had been eaid of another groat missionary-a good man, and who was full of tho Holy Ghost, and of faith and hope-might also bo w< Il applied to Bishop Pattcson, " he was added to Ibo Lord." Thoy sought to express their ijympalby with their bereaved brethren of Norfolk Island. Thi y wtrb indeed bereaved. They had lost from among them a great, a good, a holy, and an accomplished man. He bad ? chosen to bury himself in obsourity as a Bishop in tho islands of tho South Pacific, when i ho was eminently qualilied to shine in the highest cirolca in tho old country, or their .mother country, os they loved to oa.ll it. (Applause.) He cahio to tho Southern Seas to throw hiniBolf into tho haid woik of tho missionary to seek to aavo tho lost, to re- member tho forgotten, and to briug tho glad tidings of Eiilvntion to thoso by whom they wero ns yet uukriown. Ho could ngnin nssuro thom that ho H> myotbieed with them in tho death of this truly great and noble num. lt waa understood tint there was to bo nothing political -in this mooting. They had ascertained thia from tho remarks of thoir okier magistrate, aa well ns from tho wisdom of tho Chief Justice. But still thoy might term their sjnipathy with tho natives of Norfolk Island ns pioeticsl and proteelivc. Thoro was, ho thought, sulliciont ovidenco to show that ho had fallen a victim to tho iniiiuitles of the South Sea Island trafile. (Applauso.) It ' wnp (ho best plan to speak out. Ho trusted that this nmtter would find an echo in tho British Legislature, and net. inly ibero but throughout tho wholo civilized world. . lt. wac evident that tho Bishop hud boon murdered in con sniiici.ee of the conduct of men, sailing under the British Hug., in these isjnndp, and as a reBultof tho troatmontof tho i-lui di ts hy thoeo men. (Applauso.) Ho regretted that thc Bishep of Sydney was not hero. (Hear, hear.) Ho Him nibil id standing by tho side of that Bishop on another niel foi m two years ago. On that occasion-at a meeting held for that purpmo-a general protest was entered upniript tho Polynesian labour traille. Whence had this ruDiigeof fcoling come? Was not this Polynesian trufiic still being carried on f And wore not the samo influences that-then produced irritation still at work, almost un i becked Í (App'auso.) (Tho rov. speaker then read ex Iritis frcm a letler which ho said hud been ruceived l.y tho Hov. Canon "Vidal, which went to provo that latterly in the Islands of tho South Pacifio it had beon noticed that thero had been a marked distrust of all vessols HM., npproncbed them; and showed that tho natives lliiiiiigh fear weio induced to retreat into tho bush, as they .p-aw white men como near.] In continuing his romarka, tho Rev. Mr. Graham attributed tho death of Bishop Pallesen to tho euppicion of, and avorsion to white men, consi quent upon tho continued and repoatod incureioun of whites, and tho carrying away of men, womon. und ihildnn. If carried on at all, let tho traffic in isl md h-hour be carried out legitimately. Lat a limited number of HcTsed vefBclB only bo employed, and let those bo pro- vided with certificated masters ; let also a man-of-war be ' empowered to'Bearch such vcesols if found nccoesary. Bul let ibis matter bo subniilfed to tho Imperial Parliament not to that of Queensland, but to that of Groat Britain. If theso regulations wero properly enforced, though there migVr, pospibly bo a tomporury loss, tho reaull wi.iiid oe increased prosperity among tho sugai grovers, and cotton planters of Fiji and Queen« lund. But if tho contiory course wero, then ho ldieved that tho consequence would bo an exemplifica- tion ol the'saying refined to by Dr. Steel,-" Delinda rsi Carthago." If an equitable agreement wero made botweec the Island* and theso CCIODÍIP, it would bo found to bo foi (lu gord nf the npinle, the good of the savages, tho good ol (hi! Hiiiish fiat/, tho bonifit of tho colonies generully, ant :hc progrtfR of Poljncsia, (Applause.) Tl;« Rev. L. FISON seconded tho resolution, Ho saie thur ns Ve was then suffering from a severo bronchial niko (ion, ii wnp with come reluctanco (hat ho had consented ti take voit in this meeting. If but five minutoB moro wen slloviâ to bim to breutho tho breath of lifo m his nostrils be v.. vid rxt end it to th» last gasp in tho CIIUBO that hm lleiicht fhf m together thiB evening. But it waa a mies lion that ho believed, afUr all required but fow words ii Biippoit of it. That mission party in Norfolk taluna must . buvo sympathy, and ho" believed- thoy hal îi. v. Wluol>-oxtratlod sympathy. : Tho IOSB of J31ebop Fatlcson was a losa not only to i,",0 Me"lnc8,-in Mission, hut to all mimions, Ibo Wesleyan missionaries loved and honoured him. flo hail had a slight acquaintance with him, and it had boon sullicitiit to lead bim to love and honour him. Tho loas was not to tho Episcopalian Church nlono, but to nil okurcbes. H. won nlso a loss to religion, and an irropirabto one to society in general. Tho blow cont had deprived Bishop r-ntteson of lito had not alono struck tho houris of thu pooplo of Norfolk Island. It had affected tho hoarU of pooplo of all denominations ; and tho nowa would spread from land to land, whero it would loavo a cloud of sndutifB wherever its shadow foll, ll would by telegraph wire« be flashed along through Christendom, and whoro ovcr tho new« was received, from theuco would riao to . heaven a deep gronu of griof. Tho blow which deprived Williup Pntteson of life, oponed lo hia viow-far away from thi' tree« und tho rocks that wero on tho shores of Napuks, and from tba savages that surrounded him-a vision ot angels in tho realms above, whero ho had gone to obtain a martyr's crown. Their Uanda wiro stuinod with blood. Their consciences, must ho thought, indirectly nccuso them of having onuscd tho doath of this devoted missionary. Bishop Puttoson had gained a victory. His warfare hnd been accomplished. Ho would now glvo tin m what ho, from his knowlodpo of tho Fijians, had cm eluded to ho tho causo of tho doath of tho Bishop. It must bc beard by them with tenrs of shame and with other humiliation. Crimea bad boon committed suoh ns doubt- less led tolhis fearful tragedy. His grounds had' justiliod him in coming to a moral certainty on this point. The savages of Fiji were proverbially treacherous, but yul they. /. would not kill for tho sako of killing ; and whoa a white niHn waa killed thero must bo a motivo sufficiently poworful for the «ct. Thero woro superstitious obsorvnuoos among the Fijians that would lead them to kill any whito maa living among them. A bellof that tho gods woro angry oa . their account would lead them to kill whites. Thoy would also kill a whito man if good, for no other roason but that thoy believed that on hia death thoy would become poescseed of his virtues. They also sought to wreak out their vengoniico ou thoso who might bo of tho samo tribe or raoo, as aa individual who might havo dono theta an injury-in many instances whero their vengeance waa unablo to roach tho actual perpetrators of that injury, lio considered that the loss of Bishop I'otteson-a lons that might bo called a "national" ono-had been tho remit of ibjurioa inflicted by white men on tho tribo of which his murderers wera members. Ho: thought ho could givo a clue to the knots on tho leaf of tho palm treo alluded to hy his Excellency. '? Thero was a word in the ' Fijian, " bakau stwnii," that rcforred to a parcel which might frequently bo found tied up in Fijian houses. On this parcel were tied strings, which wuro understood t» ri present tho dato on which un injury was iniliotod upon ' them by; on enemy, and tho time on which revengo waa taken'for thalinjury. This praotico was common through- out tho islnndsl 'ibo knotted loaves on tho breast of the missionary nmrlyr ho bollovod to havo a similar signifi- cance-that-rovongb hid been taken for an injury, Though tho body^ boro its death wounds, it waa otherwise ntjiiiulilated. This wo'a a strango act. It Bhowod that n* personal hoBtility.had'aoluated tbo doath stroko. They, no doubt, believed,that thoy .had fully satisfied their fooling« of revenge by killing a nollo chiof for tho orimos of hi« race. \Y hen thp Peruvian slaves visited tho Islands a few years ngo, wbot o fiup burst of indignation thoro wo«! (Applause.), And now, taut tho samo system of' kidnapping was being carriod .on, how came " it' that wo did not look upon tho traffic in. tho sanio lightt Finally, lot thom reeott to deeds nnd not to words. Lot thom succour the poor islanders who had lost their pastor; and lot thom en- deavour to bring about a union of Interests with tho islands, so that they, may rejoico heroaf ter in a roiga of proBporitjr and peace. ' Tho resolution waa put to tho mooting and duly carriod. Tho DEAN QI- SYDNBY alluded to n lotter which ho had ' received from' Newcastle expressive of sympathy from that diocese with thom for the Umonted death ot Bishop Putto- son, and assuring him of co-operation iu any movement. that might bo commenced in connection tborowith. Ho bad boen deputed to move tho followingrcsolutlon,-" That tho circumstances of tho mission, nnd especially tho lata mournful event, appeal with unusual force at the present moment tb tho immediate supporters of tho misaiou, to , rekindlo their interest, and renew tholr efforts ia its behalf " To show them tho condition of Norfolk Island ho would read them an extract of a lotter to tho Hov. Canoa Vidal from Bishop Pntteson, dated Southern Cross, j near St. Christoval, August 22, 1871. It was as follows : "Our school at Not folk Islaud will bo larger than ovar. About eighly-fivo Melanesians stayed thoro during tho winier. 1 sent about Oily mon «iib tho Itov. C. Bice, from tho Now Hebridos Islands chiefly, a month ago, to add to ! tho number, and I suppose wo shall'take thirty or moro Solomon Islanders. Then wo always hopo to inako a be- ginning in tho Santa Cruz group, and some few moro may j bo taken from other islands. 1 dare say wc shall nut ba very far Bhort of 200 persons living at St. Barnabas thfa . I seoson. You will bo thankful to hoar that tho timo baa , arrived, by God's great goodncsa, for Mota to recoivo tho Gospel. Much has, no doubt, bain dono by Goorgo i Fnrunia's steady, consistent behavtuur, by tho regular school that for two years ho has kept up, and by tho ox nmplo of our scholars as they returned to tako up their i quat Urti for good on their, nutivo island. But ao it is that God's Spirit ÍB now working in tho minds and hearts of thc peoplo thero, so aa to bo to themselves and lo us a ciusa j of tbtinkfuincts and astonishment. Wo have Bought ti bo very cautious, and have not baptized ovou tho ohildron, I except, when they were ovidently sickly or even dying. Bit now, tho parents nil promise that thoir children shall gi to tchou), and be brought up as Christians, and many of tho people nre seeking to bo baptized, saying that they do seo and feel tho truth and blessing of thia now teaching, and havo really abandoned their old habits, and feel now thoughts, and hopes, and desires, Sc. Our calochuraoa classes havo been large, and I think I may safely say that they have learned tbo great truths of Christianity, and have an intelligent apprehension of a Christian's faith, und duty. In every cato I noed not say we aought to ascertain fully that ibero was real conviction, earnoatneis, faith in tho truths and promises of tho Gospel, and full purposo of amendment of life. There has boen no excite- ment, r.o outpouring of strong feeliugs, but a quiet, I gradual movement, extending itself from ono party to I another. Men went away from evening school to sit all night in their houses talking, thitking ; their own ac- counts of their timid attempts to begin to pray, of what they said and did, aro striking for Iheir simplicity nnd sincerity. So from ono to another the desire communicated itself BB God's spirit wrought in tho heart of Oich to maka full profession of their faith. * * * * Well, BO it went on during teven weoks, broken by a cruise of three weeks among the new Hebrides Islands, into two portions of three and four weeks. Wo havo baptised 293 persons. * * * You will, 1 know, pray for I ibis infant chuicli, nnd for George Sarania. It is sad that just OB this blessed influence is beginning to manifest itself I ibero should bo so few persons in tho neighbouring islands to bo benefited by it. They are almost depopulated. Tho great majority havo gono away, by their own oct, I though knowing nothing of tho place whithor thoy are taken, or tho work they will havo to do. Some, and not a I few, have been kidnapped. I dread tho return of thom. Those who havo been sent back aro doing a groat deal'of barra. They aro juBt r.s ignorant as boforo. of all that is good for them to know ; thoy havo gained some knowlcdgo of things thoy had bettor be ignorant of; and they can bow gratify their passions and animosities with- out fear or restraint; for their wretched old muakots koop the husbunds and blathers of the womon thoy seizo, or toa proprietors of tho yam-grounds thoy pluuder, from making any attempt at resistance. I really have great anxiety as to tbo rcMills of tho return of any of theso ' labourers.' I But wo must go on quietly with working as wo may havo strength for our work. And thero is abundant cause for thankfulness in that one little Isle of Mola." ¡ Mr. G. C. DAVIS seconded tho resolution. HÍB Excellency put to tho mooting tho third resolution, , I which was carried »<»i. con. : Tho Kev. Canon VIIIAL moved tho fourth resolution, which was to tho following effect-"That the Chaplorof St. Andrew's Cathedral bo roqueated to allow somo suitabla memorial in memory of tho lalo Bishop to bo placed in tho Cathedral." Tho rev. mover dwelt lengthily on tho mis- sionary labours of the Bishop of Melanesia. He trusted that in Bpito of this grievous chock on mission work ia tho Pacific,, other missionaries would carry on tho Gospel eruinde. until alt tho nations " shall havo boconio tho king- doms of tho Lord and of his Christ." Ho doubtod not but that thoy would soon be enabled by ampia subscriptions to erect in St. Andrew's Cathedral a suitable tribute to tho nit mor y of Bishop Patteson. A gentloman in tho intorior I nd already intimated to him that ho was on tho point ot - ». i.ding to England for a memorial window to tho docoasod Lishop.' Mr. ALEXANDER Gonnov seconded tho resolution, v liich was put to tho meeting and duly oarried. ! Mr. Mr.TCAi.FB moved tho fifth resolution,-" That tha hanks of this meoting bo given to his Bxcolloncy tho Coverner in presiding on this oocasion." Tho Earl of BELMORE thanked them for thoir vote. Thora was one matter which ho neglected to allude to carlior ia the evening. Ho had received a lettor from one whom hs I tmderstofcd to bo a great friend of tho Bishop-ia which. f desire was expressed that indiscriminate vongoanop I khfuld not bo taken for tho murder of Bishop Patteson. Anothir lotter had beon received from tho Rev. Mr. Cod iotun, the clergyman now in chargo of tho mission, j .fating that it wa» tho wish of Iho late Bishop that wera what had occurred to happen no ono Bhould bo I punished. It was not likely that tho actual murderers ! weald te discovered and brought to justice. If they were, he could not say but that tho Executive must allow tho law to tako its course, but ho might tell thom that Com I BM doro Stirling/would bo tho last to sanction an act of indis» eliminate vengeance Ho (Lord Belmore) feared *ttftVjJ I lind occurred moro than once that tho innocent had sufforol for tho guilty, Another public meeting on tho samo subject was held oa Tuesdnv evening, November 28, at which His Excellency E.irl Belmore presidod. The meeting was addressed^ by thu Denn of Sydney, Sir Alfred Stephen, Sir William, Manning, Mr. J. C.. Raymond, Canon Vidal, and othors. Résolution were adopted for raising a fund fortho endow- ment of tho Melanesian Mission tobe called " Tho Patteson Mtmorial Endowment Fund." A committeo vraa fortaod tn cai rv out tho above resolution, and a cohsiiiorablci «BP» was subscribed in the room. 