OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENCE. London, June 16. HOME MEWS: The Parliamentary chronicle of the month is pitiable. It has been twice interrupted by holidays. It has been spun out from night to night by factious obstruction; physically the House of Commons is working its hardest, for it generally sits till far into the small hours, and after Whitsuntide it had to begin morning sittings. But practically there is as little work being done as in the celebrated Strangways' session, which provoked such a purgation at the hustings. The Government cut down their programme last month to two cardinal measures, the Army Reorganization Bill and the Ballot Bill. The first has advanced a few clauses, but the second waits its turn with misgivings. The avowed hope of the obstructives is that the Peers will give a quietus to army organiza- tion, and that the Ballot will be pushed to the other end of the dog days. The Premier has solemnly declared his intention to prolong the session until both measures are disposed of— be it even into September. The Opposition, however, is dogged, and Ministerialism itself is both perplexed and fainthearted. The Liberal cause is verging on another vital crisis and de- mands reconstitution. THE ARMY REORGANIZATION BILL Grows every night a more ungracious task for Mr. Cardwell to force through Committee. The protesting colonels are not a numerous, but they are a compact and persistent phalanx. They smother every detail of the Bill as it comes up with amendments, and threaten to continue doing so until the Government meet them with a compromise on the question of purchase. A few days ago it was rumoured that a deserved retaliation was preparing for them. Mr. Card well was to divest his Bill of everything hut the purchase clauses, and concentrate his whole ^strength"upon them, deferring the constructive provisions till next session. In this or some other way a 'collision must come, for the snarling and- snapping of the colonels are insup portable. You have already got all the great divisions upon the Bill, and the small ones form a sorry record. This, of May 21, is a nice sample. On the 18th Sir George Jenkinson had moved an amendment to the second clause, for allowing the purchase of exchanges by officers on foreign stations, compelled to return to England by urgent private affairs. Mr. Card well explained that the clause would sot prevent such exchanges, if made fairly and without pecuniary considera tion.- While the colonels were kicking: against their.griera.nces, other opponents of the Bill reiterated their familiar grumbles. The barren -discussion was carried into a second night (May 21), and then terminated bv putting -the colonels in a minority of 43. Lord Garlies, an ex-staff officer,.next moved the omission of the clause, that he might have another fight for the purchase system. He declared that 95 per -cent, of -the officers were against its abolition. Mr. Henry affirmed that abolition would be as great injustice to the taxpayers as to the army. Mr. Wnalley had learned from the exploits of ihe Commune, as a new political maxim, that standing armies are a superfluity. The division, taken of course in a thin House, was vexatious to Mr. Cardwell and inspiring to the colonels. The Ministerial majority had sunk to 39, but the -clause was passed. NARROW ESCAPES. Clause S defined the compensation payable t] -existing holders of -commissions. It had to be .modifications. -Colonel Anson, the Achilles of the obstructives, wanted to insert after f" officers" " whether on full pay or half pay." lie missed his point only by 19, there being less i than a hundred and fifty in the House. Colonel Sir William Russel, who had elaborated a private scheme of compensation, tried tomakeroom for it by interpolating an " except as hereinafter provided." After four hours' rambling over the whole ground again, Sir John Pakington asked the Government to " reconsider their course with regard to this extravagant, dangerous, and unpopular measure." The Premier thought that fcthe greatest need of reconsideration lay with the pponents of the BUI, who had talked for four hi 'urs without touching the point of the amend me nt. The Whips had been -on the alert while! the colonels were prosing, and a very large divi sion . closed the debate. It was desperately close, too, for the Government had-but 16 votes to spa re. In yVhitsuntide weak there were but two sittings, and only-one -of them a Government night. Mr. Cardwell made no progress that j week, an d very nearly as little the next. The ' Colonels I'ained something by a premature: display of partisanship among tire Peers—all j the better rt dished for earning from a friend of the Government. LOBS SANDHURST (SIR WILLIAM MASS FIELD) COOLS ; TOWAi*D THE WAR OFFICE. When Army Rei-orm was hatching in Cabinet, the Ministry had & professional familiar whom they used more than_ once to feel the pulse of ihe public. Sir William Mansfield was allowed to foreshadow the Government scheme, blended with a broader one of bis own. The peerage conferred upon him on the eve of the session was to secure his services in the Upper House for piloting Mr. Cardwell's Bill. Lord Sandhurst, sitting reserved and silent among the Peers, was supposed to be waiting for bus military opportunity. Some time ago a weak invention of the colonel's broke the good under standing between him and Mr. CardwelL He was said to be deeply dissatisfied with the Bill which departed materially from the scheme first agreed upon, Instead of heading the aefenc^, he was more inclined to lead the opposition against.it. That talk of the Clubs prejudiced Mr. Cardwell's prospects and aggra vated his difficulties. It was not groundless, for Lord Sandhurst verified it by a tilt against'the War-Office. The principle of short service which has been growing in the army tintm 1847 has an inherent vice very difficult to counteract under ^voluntary enlistment. It admits ra> youths into the army, and allows them to pass ■out-of it again as soon as they have attained physical maturity. The recruiting standard Lord Sandhurst Has demonstrated to be lower in England than in any European country. While it does not exclude boys of 16 or 17, the German recruit has to be-at least 20.years of age and if not well-grown when he first presents himself he may be put back for a year. In the Austrian and French armies the minimum age is also 20 • in the Russian army it is 21. • The reduction of active service to six years had sufficiently jeopardized the physique of our soldiers; but a recent order of the "War Office invited three years' service men to volunteer into the Reserve. The consequence foreseen by Lord Sandhurst is that the army wRi be denuded of all but hoys and men of bad character who have re-enlisted. They are unhealthy soldiers in time of peace and for purposes of war they would be simply "organized defeat?' Lord Sandhurst depre cated any " reference to legislation pending in the-other House;" but his sneech was neverthe less a sign to the obstructives. ME. BYLANOS EEFUSES COMPENSATION FOE THE OVER-REGULATION PRICES, j In the next assault on the Bill the economists were the aggressors, and the colonels were driven I in /self-defence into the same lobby with'Mr. ■CardwelL Mr. Rylands moved that the over [ regulation prices should be excluded from com J pensatiou. He assumed the ground of their statutory illegality, and the additional cost they would entail without any justification. The practice of over-payments had been forbidden by the Horse Guards a century and a Half ago. In 1784 a royal warrant, had required officers to subscribe an oath against them, and rendered the offence punishable by disw-iiggal from, the service.. In 1809 a penal Act had been passed condemning officers who bought or sold com missions for more than the regulation price1 to be cashiered, and adjudged fpiilty of misde meanour, while the commission itself should be forfeited. The War Office had always professed great horror at the practice, but it was counter acted by their " official" ignorance of its opera tions. . The present Commander-in-Chief had told a Select Committee in 1857 that if any thing did come to his knowledge he should be bound to take cognizance of it. But last year's Royal Commission made a condoning sugges tion, which the Government had jumped at. In their report they decided that " there had been a tacit acqoiscence in the practice amounting to a virtual recognition of it by the civil and military authorities." Mr. Card well bad adopted the suggestion, and was now asking the country to grant solatium to the perpetrators of a misde meanour. Sir George Grey, who had been Chairman of the Royal Commission, did not much favour this extended application of its verdict. Speaking after Mr. Rylands, he declared that over regulation -payments were absolutely illegal, and that the ignorance of the authorities about them was only a result of very hard winking. Yet, as they had been virtually tolerated for more than a generation, the hard legal ground could not be suddenly reverted to. Had the* Bill offered immediate payment in full of all claims, the over-regulation prices might have been with held, but with prospective compensation only they could not be fairly ignored. Mr. Vernon Harcourt went into the history of over-regu lation payments more minutely than Mr. Rylands, and proved that successive War Ministers had endeavoured to stop them. He pressed the Horse Guards into a dilemma between having committed acts deserving im peachment or admitting that the demand for commutation of over-regulation prices was base less. Mr. Cardwell in his reply did not render much assistance to the military authorities He had no extenuation to offer but that he was following* the wish of the House manifested on a former occasion. His Bill for abolishing the ranks of cornet and ensign had taken no cogni- '■ zance of anything beyond the regulation prices of commissions, but the then reformers so coldly appreciated Ms strict justice that he had per force to go a little further. He had yielded, in feet, to the power of the military caste in the House of Commons, which was able to put dawn Mr. Rylands by a majority of 177. THE COLONELS ABE REFUSED INTEREST FOR THEIR,' MONET. Mi. Cardwell s- maxim was to make the com mutation itself liberal, and then on all subsidiary points to be inexorable. A handsome payment was offered, but on such terms only as would least disarrange the general tenure of commis sions and the course of promotion. Officers were to have everything they might have realized under the Continuation of purchase, but no new advantage. In insisting on that proviso the House was as severe towards the Colonels as the Government chose to ask it to be. When Sir rercy Herbert moved that they should receive interest for their money at the rate of U per cent, on the capital sum expended on their com missions—over regulation prices included—the uiuavourable tone which the discussion assumed • ^duced him to draw back. Sir George J enkinson interposed a compromise for .granting 4 per cention the regulation price only. Its reception was still discouraging, even when he hinted that di or 3 per cent, would not be refused. In the end it was negatived witout a division. The plea for officers dying or being invalided while on service fell through with the rest. ME. CARDWELL "LIGHTENS" THE BILL. ■^®. Colonels would not take a hint when it was . kindly given them by a ministerial organ. Ihmr .frantic efforts to strangle the Bill by wasting^ four -or five nights over each of its thirty clauses were circumventable -as soon as the third clause had been secured. That de termined the main question of purchase, and when the House had repeatedly committed r^fij S?i 35 J10* 110 ke able to draw back, Mr. Card well performed^ coup cCeUU. He announced that the Government would be content for the me jjui, wmea was not army organisation as the country understood it, but simply c to confer powers and to remove obstructions?' The details of a system of organization would .come within the executive province of the Government. Mr. Disraeli indicated the effect .of this surprise by the warmth with which be condemned rt He bad been outwitted as well as the Colonels. He pothmg but charge the Government with, breach of faith in having obtained bis sup port for the second reading on false pretences. He had voted for the abolition of purchase for the sake of the rest of the scheme, to which it was declared indispensable. The Colonels them selves were dumb with chagrin. EABL RUSSELL GN SHE AMERICAN TREATY. The veteran "Whig's opposition to the labours oi tne High Joint Comxoisskm has fallea flat as one of his pamphlets. He delivered a mid semi-apologetic speeeh, which Earl Granville doubled over with poorly disguised flattery, and Lead Derby pooh-poohed as a belated protest against the inevitable The motion was pressed in tbe teeth of & chillme discussion, and negatived without ceremony. Lord Russell was confined by his antecedents to the weakest objection that could be raised against the Treaty. He had no complaint to make agai^t the acceptance of arbitration, jU^ur •e6n tlle P0"1* 00 which he i and Mr. Adams originally differed most He : was entirely satisfied with the arbitrators, but I the rules which had been prescribed for them were "a gross violation of every principle of justice and a humiliation to the country r' He contended that nothing should be admitted which went beyond the law of nations and the municipal law of Great Britain as they existed at the time of the .alleged offence* . -Oav that around alone he Tnoved for a petition to I Ber Majesty to Withhold her sanction from the Treaty. Retrospective liability might be as fairly demanded- by the Germans as by the Americans. Concessions to America might have been made which would not have provoked - the jealousy «'f other nations, and afforded them a handle aga inst our neutrality. The Canadian Dominion rnad not been fairly treated, and . might consider that it was being made a pis oiler for "helping the mother-country out of a scrape. Mr. Adams had always assumed with him tbe ground that tire British. Government had r.ot discharged their obligations under the law as it then existed. He never -hinted at suc'o a demand as the relaxation-of the law so as to cover extended claims. Earl Granville defended the Treaty as having arisen out of circumstances in which they could not meet the Americans with strict technical arguments. They had to consider the state of their international-relations and- the danger of foreign war arising, while the Americans con tinued so resentful of our conduct in the Alabama case. They had distinctly disowned any specific liability, and the new rules of neutrality which had been mutually agreed upon might be -more useful to England in the future than they would be -disadvantageous in their -past application. The German analogy was - a -shadowy > bugbear, as Count Bernstoff had been met on wholly differentjground to that on which the American claims were resisted. Earl Russell had always assured Mr. Adams that he was doing Ins utmost to enforce the neutrality of British ports; but Earl Granville in the late war ! had. .avoided "incurring obligations to either ■ belligerent. Bis policy was to accept the least possible amount of responsibility. Germany could not fall back on the new rules, because j the (©remises started from in her case had quite another sequel. In so far as the new rules ] varied from the law of 1864, the Commissioners j were not solely- answerable, as the first modifi cation had been made by Parliament in the Foreign Enlistment Act of last session. Earl -Derby disliked the Treaty more for its probable consequences than for the abstract principles on which it had been framed. If the Dominion ! Legislature did not assent to it the Commis sioners would have had their trouble for nothing, he presumed. On that point Earl Granville corrected him by a statement that; the Americans would abide by the Alabama 1 convention without regard to the fisheries ; in other words, they would take half of the Treaty if they could not get the whole. Lord Derby then tinned his argument into a demonstration thatthey well might, for they had much the bestof the bargain. He did not understand why America should always be treated as the spoiled child in the nursery of nations/He apprehended that the rejection of the Treaty by England would have a more disastrous effect than its acceptance. The Americans had been excused for rejecting the Johnson Convention, but a similar act on the part of England might be much less tolerantly construed by them than their's had been by us. Lord Carnarvon thought that the terms obtained by the Commissioners were not very satisfactory. Lord Cairns mildly condemned the Treaty as having been unguardedly entered into. The Marquis of Salisbury denounced it for having sacrificed the rights of neutral nations. At that enormous cost we had quieted for a time the sensibilities of the Americans. [ In the Commons on the same night there was an important legal question put to the Premier, as to the construction of the sixth article of the Treaty, regarding military supplies to belligerents. Mr. Gladstone answered that it contemplated only " acts done for the service of a vessel cruizing or carrying on war against another belligerent, and not to military supplies or arms exported for the use of a belligerent power in the ordinary course of commerce." He added that both Governments were agreed in this construction. THE BURIALS BILL. Non-conformity is becoming a power in the House of Commons. It created the Gladstone Government, and it is hesitating about how to punish the lukewarmness of its idol. Pending the issue of the anomalous situation into which the'Government have thrust themselves, it-is consolidating a fresh party. It has already influence enough for independent legislation. The University Tests Bill in a great measure recompensed it for its defeat on the Education, question. The Burials Bill is a yet more singular and significant success. It is a private | measure for enabling Dissenters to use their own j burial services in parish churchyards. Mr. Morgan, a leader of the Welsh Radicals, is its sponsor, and Mr. Winterbotham warmly advo cates it from the Treasury benches. After the adoption of the second reading a despairing resistance was maintained by Mr. Beresford Hope, Mr. Gathorne Hardy, and the sentries of the Church. They fought for a month's delay in order to prepare a milder Bill of their own. The House went into Committee by a majority of 71, but some very close divisions followed on tbe clauses regulating the burial service. From the churchyard to the church is a very short step. -UNIVERSITY TESTS. That chronic vexation is out of hand again for a session, or may be two. Much longer it i cannot hope for quiescence, for the Dissenters are still in bad humour witb it. Over one of the Lords' amendments Mr. Gladstone had a sharp altercation with them, which they will remember to his disadvantage. To that last point he went i straight with them, moving the rejection of all the prior amendments. The first was a new j declaration devised by Lord- Salisbury, which j [ was negatived without a division. The second was the exception of heads of Colleges from the operation of the Bill. Though this expressed Mr. Gladstone's own opinion and the original intention of the Government, he waived it in deference to Radical persistence. They threw out the Lords' amendment by more than a hundred of a majority. The prohibition of : I Colleges from altering their Statutes as to ! clerical fellowships without the sanction of Parliament was removed from the emendations of the Upper House. The residium of contro versial matter was another Salisbury proviso— that all existing Colleges should have to provide , religious education and worship, the latter to be based on the service of the Church of England. Mr. Gladstone-advocated it as a concession, but ! the Radicals opposed it as a breach of faith. The first clause of the amendment had a majority of 32, and the other was abandoned. The provoca tion to renewed hostility is small, but the disposition of the Dissenters for wai d oulrance is proportionately intensifving. THE WESTMEATH BILL forced itself into Committee just before Whit suntide. It had a narrow escape of being counted out during the discussion of an amend ment for reading it that day six months. While piloting it against the frothy declamation of the Nationalists, Mr. Gladstone had to talk pater nally to the Irish patriots. One night he had to administer discipline to two such contrary subjects as Sir John Grey and Mr. Martin. The Ulster Presbyterian had taunted the empty benches he was addressing with being a proof ] of the -indifference of the English Parliament to Irish affairs. The Premier demanded of liim sternly had he forgotten that the greater part of the two previous sessions had been devoted to remedial legislation for Ireland. The Na tionalists denied that the English Pfl-iligmpnt. j was to be thanked for its trouble, as the Irish people had never asked it to legislate for them. The Premier came down grandly on Nationalist ] ingratitude. Mr. Martin got a personal ex tinguisher by having his opinions dubbed "antiquated." -Mr. Gladstone was ready to compete with the Irish Irreconcileables for the future confidence of Ireland in the full assurance that a policy of good-will must bear fruit. The assertion itself was immediately productive, for j tbe House filled and carried the Bill into Com mittee by a majority of 145. The seven mal oontents succumbed, and there was a brisk passage of introductory clauses. Mr. McMakon offered a suggestion Jfor malting criminal wan-ants against Ribbonmen, to follow offenders into England, which the Government thanked hiin for, and adopted. In an evening sitting, at which the -Committee -furnished its work, Sir Coleman G'Loughlin moved the limitation of the suspension of Habeas Corpus to a year. The Marquis of Harrington was supported by The O'Connor Don and other Irish members ixr op posing it on account of the odium of annually renewing such departures from the regular law. 1 On June 9 the amendments in Committee wert finally reconsidered, and after a prolonged dis'-- ] cussicn the third reading was adopted. ■■ - ' - THE BALLOT BILL. The worst sarcasm that has been passed upon'j the colonels who are fighting in their last ditch against the abolition of purchases is that-what they really fear is not the Army Bill, but the Ballot, which comes after it. The idea that a deadlock was being created in order to stave off Mr- Fcrster's electoral reform took, firm posses sion of the London democracy a few weeks ago. Itr occasioned the sending of a deputation to Mr. Forster from the various Liberal Associa tions in the metropolis. The Minister had an instructive conference with them, and dismissed them with the assurance that " Mr. Gladstone and all his calleagues were determined and anxious to carry the measure this session." The curtailment of the ISavy Bill has cleared a path for it into Committee, and its committal is now expected from day to day. Apart from the danger of opposition, it has a long course of discussion and modification to prepare for. Mr. Forster in his interview with the metropolitan Liberals betrayed curious immaturity of judgment and even igno ranceof facts as to its machinery. His visitors had been studying- it more attentively than himself, and more than once they posed him. Then-deter mination to have parity and simplicity of election was not a vague feeling. They had considered all the practical difficulties and objections. First, they stipulated that paid canvassing should be prohibited. Sir. Forster answered that it would be greatly discouraged by tbe uncertainty attending the ballot, but this-will not satisfy Mr. Lucraft. A suggestion. lias been borrowed from Switzerland of issuing voting-cards to the electors. Mr. Forster opposed it on. the weak ground of expense, when he might have annihilated it by pointing out the consequent danger of personation and of made-up returns. He has not yet grasped the fundamental principle of ballot- voting, that everything must be done within the booth under the jurisdiction of the Returning Officer. The working-men were anxious to have the polls kept open late, hut he was unfavourable to that con cession, and with better reason. The operation is not one to be safely carried.on after dark among constituencies abounding, in roughs. Very probably the Government will have to take half a loaf as an alternative to none at alL Mr. Forster speaks as if he really meant to extort something from the House. THE TICHBORNE ROMANCE. This cause ceUbre, which no Court in London : is large enough to accommodate, has had a flourishing growth all through its second month. -The barest abstract of the daily reports would fill an Observer. The May mail completed 1 the second week of the case, up: to that point : about a score of witnesses having been examined for the plaintiff. A dozen more carried it through the third week. Two of these were im- portant witnesses; the others flimsy. George Allen, an old servant at Tichborne; Sir Grant Walter Moody, a pensioner of the Carbineers; Sergeant Dunn, of the same regiment; John Lessware, formerly trumpet-major and post- master in the regiment; Mrs. Lessware, assistant ditto ditto; Thomas Bustin, an ex-groom of the Doughbys; William Gould, who had acted as ! gilly to Mr. Tichborne when at Poole; Mrs. Leggt ! his washerwoman at Upton; the Rev. Ralph ] Cooper, of St. Augustine's Catholic Church at j Liverpool, who had seen Roger once or twice i at Bath; and the Rev. Edward Grey, who could j only spieak of him from resemblance to his brother Alfred—all recorded their oaths as'to the identity of theclaimant. They were supported by no independent or material proof, and fre quently they damaged themselves under cross examination. The twe witnesses who assumed to be special authorities, and whom the Soli citor-General handled accordingly, were Thomas Carter, the last servant Mr. Tichborne had had in England, and Sir Frederick Clifford Con stable, one of his oldest friends in Paris. Under cross-examination, Carter turned out to have been from the beginning a paid agent of the ; claimant, and a possible source of many of the " signs" which had been practised on the bona fide witnesses. Immediately on hearing of the claimant's arrival in England, he had tendered his services to him. They had been accepted in a-nominal capacity, and well .paid for. As the case advanced tkey lost, their peculiar value, and became less agreeable to the ci devant baronet. Once the prompter was dismissed in disgrace, then be was pardoned and restored to favour. Shortly before the trial began he had been dismissed again, and the revengeful Carter did not trouble himself much to shape his evidence according to his previous affidavits. EHs. cross-examiner tripped him up frequently. And his own drunken garrulity outside the Court poured in upon him to his discomfiture. " Did you say to Major Butt a few days ago that the plaintiff had-behaved very ungratefully to you?" Witness—£tSo he has." " Did you not say that plaintiff knew next to nothing about- the regiment beyond what he learned from you?" Witness—" -I don't re member saying so." One of the strongest links in the evidence for the claimant was thrown aside hopelessly frac tured. The next bore the strain of cross-exami nation more creditably. Sir Frederick Con stable averred that without doubt the claimant was the same Roger Tichborne who had been his playmate in Paris, and who had spent a vacation at Burton Constable, while he was attending Stonyhurst College. His grounds of belief \- were not commensurate with his firmness of conviction. They arose out of four or five days' observation which had not gone beyond super ficial peculiarities and vague reminiscences, like the cutting down of a hedge, the site of which claimant had pointed out. The Alresford doctor—Mr. J. E. Lipscombe—was carried by an excess of zeal out of his depth. He came into the witness-box under a suspicion of complicity, which did not lighten his task of self-defence. He owned to having had some difficulty in re cognising the claimant as Roger Tichborne. The first interview, which lasted twenty minutes, established in his mind the idea of a likeness. At the second interview, a month later, the claimant vanquished all -credulity by an allusion to caustic. Once when under Dr. Lipseombe's treatment for sore throat, Roger Tichborne had. been burnt by caustic. The claimant remem bered that episode distinctly, and " By Jove he could almost taste the nasty stuff in his mouth yet." From that moment Dr. Lipscombe was a convert. A reviling world, which cannot con ceive disinterestedness as a practical motive, bad inferred that he was taking a speculative interest in the case. 'When the claimant was forced by untoward circumstances into the Bankruptcy Court some blundering accountant had put down Dr. Lipscombe as a creditor for £300. The implication shocked him. Like Carter, the doctor had varied his affidavits, and in the hands of the Solicitor- General he became confused about which was right and which was wrong. He had examined the claimant for the bleeding marks on his ancles, and • had found them on one; but first he said they were on the right foot, and then he transferred them to the left. A sign of his own suggestion he muddled still more wofully. Roger Tichbourne, when he knew him, had a tatoo mark on the arm with his initials " R. C. T" written -over it. The claimant could show nothing of the bind, and Dr. Lipscombe denounced his own treacherous memory. There was such a mark among the Tichbournes, but he must have been at fault in attributing it to Roger. An ex-butler of Roger's aunt—a widow lady long resident at Brompton—was very clear about Roger's visits as a young man, especially about his coming downstairs of an evening to drink beer. But his dates were very loose. They fluctuated between 1848 and 185"2, until the Solicitor-General almost shook the witness out of his own sense of identity, and left him little to spare towards establishing the claimant's. Bare assertions and vague inferences palled upon tbe Jury after this. The prosecution had proved too much, and provoked the challenge to produce their man if they were so sure of him. On June 5 the claimant was invited to step into the witness-box. The chief examination by his own counsel, •] Mr. Tippard, extended over two days, and was very trying both to the Bench and the audience. In another sense it was trying to the claimant himself, for his twenty-six stone of solid flesh was not a pleasant standing weight. The policy of the "prosecution was non- committal. So thoroughly did the principal witness keep him self on his guard that he fenced at the questions of his own counsel, and adapted the tone of his voice to the gravity of his answers. Unim portant replies were given readily and distinctly. What the Judge, and Jury were particularly anxious "to hear died away in tantalizing under tones. To get ever his excuse of being weak in the chest, he was removed close, to the Bench ; but putting him under the hose'jbf the' Judge did notbelp the ears of the Juiy. He had to be ■ placed halfway between them in the .middle . of .the Court. Next morning the witness-box was decorated with a sounding-board for his convenience. Afterwards it had to be furnished with a stool, notwithstanding which bis position ■ became every day less comfortable, and his answers less satisfactory. The examination in ' chief led him by regular stages through all ' his chequered career—the Parisian boyhood, the' lazy school Sfe at Stonyburst, the garrison wanderings with his dragoon regiment in Ireland, . the disagreement with his father, which deter mined him to go abroad, the voyage to Val- ■ paraiso in the Paulino, his peregrinations in Pern and Chili, his crossing of the Cordilleras, and knocking down of a £200 cheque at Rio, bis passage for New "JTork in the Bella, its founder ing, his exposure for several days in a small' boat, his rescue by the Osprey, bound for Mel bourne, his finding an employer at the horse ' yards in Bourke-street, two years' residence in Gipps1 Land, and then nearly ten years of a . knockabout life in Eiverina, The reverse side of this picture changed rapidly from Wagga Wagga to Sydney, from Sydney to Panama, from Panama to London, and from London to Paris, where the long-lost son succumbed to his emotion- at the thought of again meeting his mother; succumbed so utterly that she had to see him first in bed. The narrative ran smoothly, and was plausible until the Solicitor-General began to cat into it savagely. Nothing like his cross-examination has ever been witnessed at the Bar. - It did not directly assail any of the claimant's statements. It sardonically assumed their accuracy, and required further particulars. The claimant writhed and doubled and backed out of every corner, rather than trust himself to be explicit. The cross-examiner worked him into such a wholesome state of terror that he saw a trap in every question put to him. What he had to confess about his own proper transactions was ruinous to his credibility, and what he retained only suggested worse suspicions. The Solicitor General gained the upper hand of him at the upset by convicting him out of his own mouth with borrowing money at Wagga Wagga on the security of a fictitious wilL He next fastened on him the odium of being a reckless gambler, and rendered very improbable his denial of having been implicated with the sharpers who came to grief in the Brighton card case. His merciless inquisition caused horror in the Court when it provoked from the claimant au assertion that he had seduced his cousin, Mrs. Kate Doughty, a married lady, present in Court with her husband. . This sensational stroke so com pletely alienated all sympathy from the witness that he broke down, and could not proceed for several days after it. Repeated adjournments had to be granted him, and every resumption found him in worse plight than before. During the past week he has experienced very little forbearance, but his blunders must have been mostly on the ludicrous side. The Solicitor-General extracted immense fun from his Latin translations. " Laus Dei sempei-" was Wappingized into the " Laws of God for ever." Cornet music was dispensed from the necessity of flats " because you cannot get down to flats on the cornet." The Solicitor-General's sharp ness was attributed to his having a brother a Jesuit. A birdseye view of a country seat which he ought to have known was dismissed as unrecognisable, because' the claimant had never seen the place from a birdseye point of view. From a tendency to whine he has passed abruptly to the opposite extreme of insolence, and is damaging his case faster than he could have done oh the original system. The latest evidence of weight is that he had paid agents collecting information for him about Tichborne ; that he attempted to borrow money at 50 per cent, for commencing the suit; that he syste matically lied to the respectable witnesses who have given evidence in his favour. It has been proved unutterably that he knows nothing either of Paris, or Stonyhurst, or of . garrison life. THE DEBBT. Baron Rothschild, a true and steady lover of sport, has attained the blue riband after 20 years' competition. He was very near it in 1854, and again in Blink Bonny's year. Nobody suspected him of having the lucky number this season, but his triumph has been unequivocal, however unexpected. Favonius gave the public a splendid race for his money, and no one, I don't suppose, even BothweU's disappointed friends, will grudge him the five thousand odd pounds he put into the old Baron's pocket. You may have gathered from the reports of the New market Meeting that sporting enthusiasm does not run very high at present. BothweU's walk ing away with the Two Thousand, and Albert Victor's close run for the Craven Biennial, were pot much credited as shadows of the coming event. The first favourite nominally rose to 2 to 1, and the second to 4 to 1; but they drew comparatively little money at these figures. They had dangerous rivals, who might turn the tables upon them in the mile and a half. Albert Victor had saved the Biennial by a head from the Zephyr colt, ' after wards christened Favonius; BothweU reached the Judge's box barely in time to escape being collared by King of the Forrest and Digby Grand. AU these were in for the Derby, and it is singular that though the distribution of places was entirely reversed, the group was identical. AU the best performers.in the Two Thousand and the Biennial, save the favourite himself, finished foremost in the Derby. As a holiday the occasion was magnificent, with but one fault as to weather, it being a trifle too Australian. The Downs are dreadfully bare for English landscape; they have been created with a strong infusion of limestone. When the thermometer goes over 90°, as it did on the 24th, the locality heats yon up smartly, in spite of a week's previous shivering among fogs. If you had the whole population of South Australia mustered on Crystal Brook Run, you might have a few thousands to spare after reckoning off the number at the Derby. The calculation made from raUway and poUce returns is over a hundred and fifty thousand swells and gipsies, and match boys included. The gathering or the clans goes on from daylight tUl within half an hour of the big race, which is always taken at 3 o'clock. The first hour is devoted to the Bentinck Plate, to saddling in the paddock, and to the preliminary canter in front of the Grand Stand. The start itself may consume the best part of another hour—this year Mr. Maegeorge managed it at the seventh trial, and had his horses off by 3.31 p.m., Benson's chronometer. There were seven teen in the field—two more than last year. The favourite had declined before the start to 7 to 4; Albert Victor was still good at 4 to 1; Mr. Chaplin's Pearl, though almost unknown in public, stood on the reputation of its owner at 8 to 1. Baron Rothschild's Zephyr colt was in request at the long figure of 10 to 1. Mr. Merry could not maintain King of the Forest at a better rate than 106 to 8, and nothing behind him had a saleable chance even for a place. The mile and a half comprises three variations of ground—an uphill toward Sherwood's, a downhill toward Tottenham Corner, and then the straight, which begins more than a quarter of a mile from home. The leader round the corner was Digby Grand, who threw off in suc cession Ripponden and Pearl. Both well was forging on third in a separata track, and Favonius, taking the place of Pearl, gave place to Digby. At his heels, but nearer the inside, were Albert Victor and King of the Forest, doing a magnificent match. At the distance Digby had to yield to Favonius, who was stifl hugged by Mr. Merry's colt and the winner of the Biennial. At the half-distance Bothwell was played out, but Digby held his ground toughly. When Favonius was called upon by French, he pushed out a length and a half in advance, and achieved an easy win. Albert Victor and the King never changed positions by a hairsbreath till they passed the Judge's box. Their dead heat saved a place for Digby Grand, and Ravenshoe, cutting in before BothweU, de graded the favourite to sixth rank. Time, 2min. 51 sec. THE OAKS have also gone to Mentmore—a prize of Han nah's—a filly of the same stock as Favonius. Both have been bred by their owner, who has another promising filly from the same dam. Favonius has already netted over ten thousand " in stakes, albeit, he is in his first season. The Baron's caution has overreached itself m not entering him for the St. Leger, where the Mentmore colours were represented only by Hannah. The Ladj's Race was contested by a email field, of which Hannah had the pickfrom the beginning. She wasthreatenedby a Northern filly—Mr. Graham'sBelle,wiio tanaa > low as 5 to 1 in the betting, hpt showed nnariy ii> : -. the race. The course is a mile- "and. a'haW' — and, like the Derby, the start, is tamed for ij- V o'clock. Many who went.down lif«alaanwhgr: just to see the horses led oat and leaving.Wheix the winner entered the paddock j»gnm were back in London at half-past 4 That rush of sight-seeing,combinedwitha betting fit,iswhatr ' tiie old English sport has come to. - Th'« - Pn*n«»' ' of Wales, who attended both* the Derby and: Oaks, was less niggardly of hfi leisure^ y&i; within an hour of the great events he was at Marlborough House, three-quarters sufficing ta drive him to the Victoria Station; to canyhint- J by express to Epsom, and then - to whirl him. from the station to the Downs. This style of locomotion is one of the modern vices of London^ for which railways are answerable.. But there are your nine beauties airing themselves in the?' saddliDg-paddock. The Baron's, yellow Mid green were camed by the favourite andherlalf^ "' " sister Corisande, who was to make the iniinW '.* The Belle's stable companion was Lady Athel- * stone, and Mr. Chaplin's unlucky, hot stall "■ popular Pearl was supported by Steppe.- They1 • went off at the first, signal, anil spread so as to reserve all the interest of the raee f or tire - finishing half-mile, when they closed up-again. Lady Athefetone's lead wasthen transferred, to - Corisande, who "was well, though not cloBely. afc> .: tended by Hannah.. The other front horseswere the Belle and Headingley, who hardly survived the whirl round Tottenham Corner. At tire > straight" Hannah overhauled Corisande, and ' ' went .on with Noblesse and Hopbine at her heals. When called upon she drew away front them easily, and passed the Judge's box with " three lengthsto the good. Noblesse was about ^ : three-quarters of a length in front of Hopbine. . Time, 2 -mih. 54 see.. ■ ..." THE. ASCOT WEEK • .: • , ' has seldom a close connection with the Derby ;"■■■' either in-its events or its visitors. Thegr^it v'--. performers at" Epson don't always their mark on the Berkshire Heath FidmrmandiA! it when he carried off the Gold Cup, ani l - Gladiateur included the royal trophy among the omnivorous spoils of his year. After him Leebmer and Blue Gown and Sabrino «■«. re fer double triumphs; but 1871 has not added to " the list of doubles. "The Gold Cup has fidlen. - ' '■ to a competitor who was never mentioned oil ■" the Derby Day—a countryman of Gladiateurie, - i,. too, forsooth. The Ascot week numbers lour • sporting days—from Tuesday to Friday—and .. each of them is punctiliously attended by the Court in semi- slate. The Prince and Princess of Wales, with a large suite, occupied Titness. House, and drove over daily in Court carriages, with postillions and outriders in livery. On the Cup day (Thursday) they were accompanied by * the Grand Duke "Vladimer of Bossa, new en.a visit to London; the Duke of Edinburgh, trim has now parted company with the Galatea, and is waiting for an iron-clad; the Duke of Cam bridge and Prince Napoleon. The Prince of " "Wales Stakes, ran for- on Tuesday, June 6, brought together most of the Derby cracks, and ■ • on a similar course, it being a bare, furlong - longer. Albert Victor was in the paddock, ana - excited hopes of another close match with the ; King of the Forest, but he did not show. -Both well and Hannah were less apprehensive of spoiling past victories. The winner of the Oaks had the turn of the betting through bin light weight; while the Victor in the Two Thousand " Guineas had a heavy embryo. Bothwell was unfit for the 9 st. 11 lbs. to which he had been condemned, and did not come in any better than in the Derby. Hannah had a place and no more, Ripponden being second, and King of the Forest first. Next day the King was thoroughly ' beaten by Sterling at even weights in the Biennial.^ The same was a lucky day for *h» Baron, his filly Chopette pulling off the Fern hill Stakes, 'and Corisande following up with the Coronations. What is now the Ascot Gold Cup was originally, the Emperor's Plate—a presentation by the Emperor of Russia. It is the heaviest race of the season, over a two and a half mile coarse. The fields of late have been small, and when nine appearances were promised, it was hastily pre- : dieted that the race would exceed anything since the Lecturer year. But of the 10 ex- . oected three were scratched, though present on ;She course—King of the Forest, H&wthomden;, and Rippendon. The reduced field of seven, included such winners as Siderolite, the hero of last year's Queen's Vase; Kingcraft, ofl Derby fame; and the indomitable BothwelL "let the odds were very heavy against the comparatively unknown Mortimer, the new Gladiateur, whe had been pre-announced as the "best horse in world." The Lombard got even money on him. ■ to any extent, and latterly a little more. Both well was specially assigned for his antagonist, and the English stables had another strong string to their bow in Sir Joseph. S&wley;'s Siderolite. With marvellous ease the Son of Compregne cut them down and finished the two and a half miles with a grand stride all his own. ' ' On first passing the stand Siderolite was forcing the pace, with Bothwell close on him, ana Mortimer a cool fourth.. He was well held till returning to the straight, when Siderolite gave in, and Mortimer and Verdure pushed up on Bothwell. At the final call the Frenchman gained a couple of lengths, and Verdure got her tiead in front of the Middieton colt also. Time, 4 min. 36 sec. THE KOBMAX "MUBDEBS. The reading-public of Australia can be com mended for its healthy taste in the way of news. It has never developed strong proclivities towards blood and murder. This correspondence has not sought to foster such a taste, and any infusion it has had of Reynolds's Miscellany has sprung from necessity rather than choice. But this mail involves another and a serious exception. To omit all notice of the ETtham. murder, the Westborne Grove tragedy and the wholesale infanticide at Lambeth would be q grevious slight on the domestic annala „f London. Two of the investigations were begun when last mail left, thbugh it was not till later that they became quite intelligible. The Lambeth case was first disposed of by the committal of the accused, Agnes Norman, on four separate charges of murder. She was a nursery-maid, and as there is no implication of ■" motives her conduct will probably have to be- ■■ • referred to Thomas DeQuincey. That of her indulgent employers would defy the philo sopher of murder. The series, of charge? laid against her begins as far back, as two yeare ago, when Norman was in. service with Mr. Milner at Camberwell. He has stated that one day he left her in the house with three children, all in good health. On his return one was dead, and at the inquest a verdict of "death from natural causes" was returned. Ten days after he heard a second one crying while the accused was putting him to> bed. He went up, and found it with its teeth clenched as if it had had a fit. It did not recover till the next day. A third child died, while the accused was in the house, and evidence of its treatment was obtained from a boy of eight years old, who had been present. The little girl was playing in the kitchen and became sleepy. Norman sent out the boy for soare gin, and said she would put the girl to bed. "When the boy returned she took him into a room, opened a wardrobe, and showed him the* girl leaning her head against the wood; her eyes, he remembered, were turned up and fixed. Norman laid on her on the floor, and she was veiy ill for some hours after. In the afternoon her brother went in and found her dead. A neighbour, who had been called on by the accused when Thomas died, was again, sent for - to see Minnie. An inquest was held, aud as the medical evidence could uot account for death, it was ascribed to teething. Norman was dismissed, and found another place at St. Geoige's road, where, the family being small, she had to operate first on pet birds and fishes. A canary gave up the ghost without notice; a parrot dropped from its perch in ertremzs; a linnet dis appeared, and only its corpse was afterwards recovered. By-and-hy a little nephew of the householder came in one day panting and trembling. He described something that the accused had done to him, but which die denied. Her stay there was cut short, and her next transfer was to a nursery at Newington Butts. On the night of Gqod Friday last the baby died apparently in a fit. The mother suspected that " it had been suffocated, and Nonnsm was clisigfid at the Police Court. Remanded from week to week, she has at last been committed on a very promiscuous indictment. \- THE KLTHAH MURDER. Jlore tban oix weeks elapsed between the dis- 1 \- -ceveryof **"■ murder and the. finding of a true hill.by the.Grand Jury against the person ; arreted on suspicion. At the inquest at Guy's Hospital, sixteenout of twenty-two of a Jury , gave a' verdict against Pook. He was then dhuged at the Greenwich Police Court, and the police required fully a month to collect even priniA facie evidence of his guilt. Ultimately he was committed to the Old Bailey, but the trial Ms been postponed to next sessions. The mur dered giriwas found on the night of the 20th * April in Nidbrooke-lane, near iHtham—this is going from Bl&ckheath.; The hammer with whien her head had been smashed was found lying near her, and afterwards the police picked up a tin whistle. The girl herself was never con scious during the few days that she lived, and made no • statement whatever. The yonth Edmund Book, on whom suspicion- lighted, had been keeping company with her, and she had been formerly in his father's service. When he produced his clothes blood stains were found wn hjs trousers and on the left wristband of his shirt. He accounted for them by stating that he was subject to fits, in which he frequently bit his. tongue. He showed a scratch on his . right arm which might have stained his shirt sleeve, but it was on the-wrong arm for that, unless the Recorder's suggestion of his having laid his wrists across -each other been admitted. He could explain clearly how he had been . ' employed during the week, and particularly on the night of the murder. The three clues : . which the police had to follow out: were the tin whistle, the hammer,,and Pook's alleged ap- ■ pearance hear - Kidbrook-lane, on the night of themtuder.. All of them afford a partial, and onlyapartial amount of circumstantial evidence. . Miss Dnrnford, a'later innoramata of the .ac-; J \- cused, testified to his possession of such a whistle . as had been fouhd in Hie lane, and to his using : it for signalling vriien he. waited for her; but a. hundred other young gallants in Greenwich .. might have-carried such'a whistle. The hammer was inore specific. It: is a particular class of article, with a trade- niark-^one of Sorby's ITo. 2 plasterers' hammers. It had been purchased in a dhop. at Deptford, most probably on the ;- night before the murder. But the seller is an intractable witness, and the-missing link which he might supply will be very difficult to obtain. He was not summoned till late in the investiga tion, and after a sufficient interval to allow him to plead defective memory. This much he knew, that there had been six hammers of the same kind in " bis stock; that .'up to Saturday night, Aprill 22, three of them had been sold ; that an entry of a 'j fourth sale appeared in his books on the 24th; that a fifth was made - after the - inquest "had . commenced, and that the sixth hammer was given up to the police when they applied for it. Thomas, the ironmonger, had been out on the night of the 24th, when , the important entry was made; his' wife, ' who made it, had no recollection whatever of the sale alluded to in the entry, but a Miss Carell, who happened to be in the shop on the -night of the 24th, has deposed to seeing Mrs. Thomas serving a young man with something from a window- in the shop ; she could.-not, however, identify either the article'or the purchaser. After the accused had been committed to the-Old Bafiey, Mr. Poland, the counsel for the prosecution, asked a post ponement till next sessions, on account of fresh evidence which had come to -light.' A young man named Perren, an acquaintance of Pook's, declared that he had seen him on the night of the 24th of April, leaving Thomas's shop with a brewn- paper parcel under his arm, which might have been a hammer or chopper. Pook's counsel is confident that he can rebut this evidence, and establish a satisfactory alibi. THE. WESTBOUBNE GROVE TRAGEDY. On the -evening of the Derby Day there was a tete-a-tete dinner at the houseVo£ a respectable anonyma, whose' address was first given in the police reports as Mrs. Davey, 23, Newton-road, Westbbume Grove, The district is a semi genteel continuation of Belgravia. Mrs. Davey had a house' of eight rooms, elegantly furnished, not with boudoira and female vanities, but with billiard rooms, good wine cellars,' and the sub stantial comforts of life. She had a " male friend" Irvine with, her, who passed in the neigh bourhood as ber step-brother. He was, in fact, asonof thelate Sir Francis Moon, thecity baronet. Countfy nieces visited ^ her occasionally, and went in to dessert after the tete-a-tete dinners; but tbey aver "that they preferred. a little quiet \- music in the drawing-room .to. lingering over ' their wine. They did not sleep in the house, and kept themselves discreetly ignorant as-to its domestic economy. Hie dinner on the Derby Day ended thus—-.about midnight the constable on duty in Newtoh-road passed the house, when the door was ' open, and several gentlemen were hurrying out and in. He asked a servant if any one wera 31, and was told that ai gentleman had burst a blood-vessel.. After leaving the house he met a doctor, who had been looking "for him, and asked him to go back immediately to No. 23. He called another constable, and they went together. They were informed this time that it wasacase of stabbing, and the* doctor led them into the dining-room, where a gentleman lay on the rug with a stab in his breast and the upper part of his body sodden with blood, A white-handled knife lay on the grate. .In the front ropm was a lady under great excitement, her hair dishevelled, her dress in disorder, and-her breath redolent of spirits. Some clothes of .hers in the room—a pair of . cuffs, a jacket, a silk skirt, and a white petticoat —were covered with blood stains. Hie doctor ' wbo had hunted up Constable. Russell was Mr. Philipps, jun., of -Bayswater, who had been summoned to the house at half-past 10. Moon was then on the floor, with the woman bending ; over him trying to undo his clothes. He died in five or six. minutes after. Mr* Philipps, sen., who.,, had been attending Mrs. Davey for congestion ..of the ..liver—a consequence of alcoholism — arrived after his 'son. He deposes that on telling -.Mrs. Davy, the man was dead she fell into.- a half swoon, and on recovering she said, " Oh, doctor, I am afraid I have done it." She explained that Moon, who was in low spirit^, had, made an .observation about her grown-up daughter which so annoyed her that she must have used some .threat. He retorted/that be would repeat it, and if she did not take it quietly he would fling a bottle at her head. Thereupon she sprung up with a knife in her band, and in the straggle be fell; imme diately after she saw the blood pouring from his breast. The woman's own confession, coupled with the improbability that the wound was self inflicted, is literally all the evidence against her. The stah was nearly two inches in diameter and six inches in length. Dr. Phillips, jun., passed his finger into it to a depth of three inches. It entered .between the ribs and the skin, then penetrated the ribs, traversed the left lung, and pierced the heart. The surgeons who made the post-mortem examination inferred, from the force of the stroke and the direction of the wound, that it could not have been self-inflicted." There was a shade more pro bability /of its having been done ■ by Mr. Moon failing, upen it in the struggle.- The assumption that it had .been done by another party was by far the most credible. The bear ing of the evidence on the accused personally is unfavourable. She is a woman of very violent temper, and has been for years a habitual drinker. Mr. Moon's friends had heard her threaten to. do him. an injury. They had advised him to break off his intimacy with her, and he often formed resolutions to that effect, hut could not execute them. On the day after the tragedy she was to start for the Continent, and he had given her £200 for her expenses. Her antecedents have oozed out in a manner -much to.the taste of a scandal-loving Police Court public. At her first appearance she gave the name of Flora Davey, and an alleged husband was produced—Captain Davey, a retired officer— whose bail for her was accepted under the impression of a bona fide relationship. At next hearing ,the captain disowned the implied responsibility. . He had only been a "male friend" like Mr. Moon—in short Mr. Moon's predecessor. The real Benedict was a Mr. Newmgton, a solicitor, who had been deserted years ago. Latterly she has got her legal title of Flora Newington reimposed upon her. FRENCH COMMUNISTS TOR NEW CALEDONIA. . M. Thiers has arranged his plan of "deporta tion, which -is to purge Pans of a-good many thousand .Reds'. They are -to be permitted to take jtheir/families with them, and the-expatria tion is apparently to be apparent.. Thgy will be divided into a rural and an" artisan class—the first to be employed in cultivation, and the second in constructing, public works. ' Three years' good behaviour will entitle any of them to a free grant of land. The scheme has been sub jected to some adverse criticism in the London Press:—notably by old Australians, who resent it as a revival of the Swan River danger.. They have been explaining to an indifferent British public how near New Caledonia ties to Sydney, and how easy, communication is. The Pall Mall Gazette comes* down upon them for their insular arrogance and for their ignorance of Pacific geography. It considers that New. Caledonia and the Australian Continent are inaccessible to each other, because separated by an area of coral reefs, through which there are only a few narrow openings. As to moral contamination, it has more fear of that operating the other way. wrmi MABBIAGES IN AUSTRALIA. . An Australian bush marriage, in which the husband was a Catholic and the wife a Protes tant,- has been the occasion'of a very Hibernian derision by the Irish Lord Chanrillor. A Mr. Kearney died at Melbourne in 1865, leaving five children and an estate of about twelve thousand pounds. During his ~ married life he had been lax in Ms religious duties, and his wife being a little the other way had' educated the children in her own faith. _ He had never interfered with her, and in his will he had simply desired them to be brought up religiously. The testamentary guardians petitioned the Lord Chanrillor for authority to educate them as Roman Catholics. His Lordship before approving the usual princi ple of imposing the paternal creed on the children examined them all personally to ascer tain if they had formed any definite opinions of their own. Thethree eldest, aged respectively fifteen, thirteen, and eleven, professed' decidedly Protestant views, and he ruled that they should be left to their mother. The two youngest will have to get their religion " across the street." ME. CHBVALIEB'S NEW ZEALAND SKETCHES. A recent attraction advertised at -the Crystal Palace explains why Mr. Chevalier was so meagerly represented at .the Royal Academy. He has been accommodated with a little gallery of his own down at Sydenham. Tins was opened a fortnight ago with 138 sketches taken during Mr. Chevalier's tour with the' Duke of Edinburgh. It has been remarked in a half disappointed tone that they are all rural, not a single town view having been admitted among them. But the avowed object of the selection was to - illustrate the natural features of the country in such a manner as should afford the most useful information to colonizing visitors. Only the most elaborate of them are finished, the smaller ones in pencil being shown as they were taken on the spot. The beauty of the series is- "Mount- Egmont," in which Mr. Chevalier has put forth all his peculiar sldll at colouring. Numerous and profitable commis sions are certain to result from the exhibition, though the artist could dispense with any moire at present. He has still a large number of the Duke's on hand. MAIL SUBSIDIES TO BE ABOLISHED. Mr. Monsell has it in Ids head to effect a revolution in the ocean postal subsidies. It was foreshadowed a year or two ago on the expiry of the Cunard contracts for the American, mails. The Steam Companies, instead of a lump sum per voyage, Were offered a certain toll upon the letters actually carried. The proposition was so unacceptable that it necessitated a great change in the service. The shock was survived, and the American mails have since been satisfactorily arranged on the . new system. Mir. Monsell meditates its extension at the earliest oppor tunity to the Indian and Australian mails. He recently effected a saving of a couple of thou sands per annum by its application to the Cape mails. The Suez steamers afford the needed facilities for competition, and at least as far as Bombay it may be speedily realized. Australia can only be benefited at present by the stimulus which will be given to the Cape steamers. Any firm that passes inspection, and accepts the con ditions, may thus become a paid letter carrier. 