""" CORRESPONDENCE. INFANT BAPTISM, To the Editor of the Yass Courier. Sir, — Aftor combntting tho views. of tho Voner- nblo Arcbdoriebn Lilljngston on baptism, I think that it is only-fair to him, and to vour renders, innny of whom 1 know tako an interest in tho subject, that 1 should state what nppeurs to mo to be the Scriptural teaching with regard to it. This, with your kind permission I shall attempt to do as briefly as possible, ineroly promising that I carry on the discussion not for victory but for truth's sake. ' In enquiring into the question "To whom ought baptism to be administered ? " wo naturally turn first to tho accounts given of its institution, or ndoption, by our Lord ns a Christian rite. Accordingly, in the records of his last interviows on earth with his disciples, wo find tho following, viz Matthow xxviii., 10, "Go ye thoreforo and teach all nations, baptis ing them in the name of tho Father' and of tho boo, nnd of the Holy Ghost." Mark xvi.; 15 and 10, "Go ye therefore unto all tho' world and proach tho Gospel to every creature ; lie. that be- lioveth and is baptised shall bo saved, but ho that boliovotb not shall bo ' damned." Luke sums this up in tho following words, xxiv., 47. "And that ropontnnco and remission of sins should he preached in His namo among, all nations." John makes no mention of its insti tution. lloro there is nothing to favour the idea of infant baptism. AInrk's account of our Lord's words is evi dently tho fullost, and probably the most exact. Frortj it it is clear— first, that', baptism was intended simply for believers, and secondly, that tho want of it does not nccessaiUy exclude from salvation. ; i Matthew's account amounts ./to'" the ' same,- though ox pressed loss fully ; und Luke contents lumsolf with tho main idea, "repentance nnd' remission of sins in His name," compared to which baptism is evidently regarded ns holding a suhsoquent or secondnry nlnce. " Reading thoso three accounts together, it appears to mo that thoir spirit and language plainly oxcludo tho idea that nny but. believers should bo baptised, but should this be denied, let us proceed to obsorvo tho prnctico of tho Apostles ns indicative of tho light in which thoy under stood our Lord's words. Tho first mention of bnptism in tho Acts of tho Apnstles we find in tho 2nd chap., 28 verse, whore Petor exhorts his lioarors to " repent and' bo. baptised," and in tho 41st vorso, whore wo load that "thoy that gladly received His word wero baptised." No support for infant baptism here I Its advocates, however, often quote tho 39th verse of this chapter in support of their views, but it is romarknble that in doing so thoy generally omit the latter half of it, which entirely takos away the slight colour of approval thoy seek to draw from its first sentence. The pnssago roads thus " For the promise is unto you, and to your children, nnd to all that are afar ofl, even as many as tho Lord our God shall call." ,"The promise," viz.. of salvation through Christ, "is to you," tho Jews, "nnd to your children," i.e., your posterity for the word quite admits of this rendoring and is l-epoatedly usod with this signification, as see Johnviii., 39, " If yo wore Abraham's ehildron" "and to all tout are afar off," viz., the Gentile nations, and hore comes that which oxplains and embraces all that wont before, "even to as many as the Lord our God shall call." And how nro they called ?— ' b? e preaching of tho Gospel. The meaning o Peter amounts to this, that salvation through Christ is open to all, and offered to all (Jow or Gentile) to whom the Gospel is preached, and wo ask, what is there in this to favour the practice of infant baptism ? - The 'next referonce to baptism is one worthy of particular attention in pursuing our present enquiry. It, occurs in the account of Phillip's expedition to Sumaria, soe Acts viii., 12.- "But when they believed Phillip proacbing tho things concerning the kingdom of God, and the name of Josns Christ, they wero baptised; both men and women. Wehnvo.herospecified, more particularly than in any other passage, tho personate whom bnptism. was administered by tho apostles— thov aro specified not only , as boliovers, but in dotuil as men and'womon. It appears as if this mention' of women wore especially designed to show. that they as well as men. were admitted to the rite,: and is it not reasonable to suppose that if any children wore in this instance baptised. they, would also havo been mentioned by the sacred historian when thus going into particulars ? Again, if in this case, whore evidently . a considerable body of people wore baptised, infants wore not admitted to the rite, nro we not warranted in eomino- to the conclusion that, -.up to this limo at least. "it was not the practice of tho apostles to baptise in'- fonts ? r In the 3Gth und 37t!i verses of the same chapter wo have tho conditions of baptism, as held and practised by tho apostles, cloiuly laid down whon 111 answer to the eunuch's question. " Wlint'dotli hinder me . to . bo baptised ?." Phillip replies, If thou behevest. with all tliino heart thou mnyost. Passing over tlio baptism of Saul of Tarsus nnd that of Cornolius and his friends, in which casos plainly ,110110 but believers ' wore baptised VipLism Ldia n"d ,le' l»ms0: Id, Acts xvi., Id, "and whon sho was baptisod and her -household" which the Von. Arclidoaoon quotes in support of infant baptism. Now, I 'havo always looked "upoii'Lydia as being a sitigio woman; she being meiitionodus tlie hoad of the honso, and conducting business on lmr own ac count (she was a seller of purplo). Thoro iw no thing in tho nurrativo to indicate ovoii remotely that her" household comprisod infants. It pro bably consisted of servuuts and others employed ..by hor in hor business. Evo'n supposing that she was an 'agod widow nnd had ehildron, it is likely that thoy had attained tho yours of under standing. We noxt come to tho case of tho PHillipian gaoler,, in tho 31st to 34th vorsos of tho same chapter, where wo are told that " IIo was bap tisod, and all his," — verse 33. This case, with that of Lydin and tho household of Stephanas, mentioned by Paul, nro much ruliod on by tho advocates of infant baptism. Tho colloctivo word, housohold, or its oquivalont, is the only peg they, havo on which to hang their one Soriptural argument of any importance, but un fortunately before thoy can avail thomsolves even of this, thoy have to make two.puroly gratuitous assumptions. First, thoy suppose that those households included infants ; and secondly, that those infants wero baptisod. Thoir solo argu ment hangs on this not ovor-probablo supposi tion in opposition to tho recorded practice of the npostlcs np to this time. Descending for a moment to supposition, wo havo equally a right to suppose (or at least equally strong grounds) that thoso households did not comprise infants ; or even supposing that there wore children among thom, thoro was no nncossity for tho historian to except them in express words, it being understood as a matter of course that believers only wero baptisod. But leaving these suppositions, let ns see in. what sense this term " household," on which such' relinnce is plnced, is usod, and taking this very passage (Acts xvi., 31 to 34), wo road that Paul and Silas "spake the word of tho Lord to him and to all that were in his house," that thoy -were- baptisod-'-' lie and-all.his, 'fund that ho " ra- joiced believing in God with all his house?' Here we aro told in one breath of this household being instructed in tho grnnd doctrine of tho Gospel (believe und be saved), of their being, .baptised, of their bolioving and rejoicing in God'; arid what tho term means in one instance is meant, in tho other. If then < we maintain thnt infants wero in this case baptisod wo must also be pro- pared to assert that they wero capable of under standing and believing the doctrine preached, and of recoiving it joyfully. It is, I think, evi dent that this nnssnce. instead of nfTnvdin» n-n-r. support for infant baptism, goos with the others wo have glanced at clearly to point out that tho practice of-the apostlos was to liaptiso only such as profossod thoir boliof in Christ. In Acts xviii, chap., 8 vorso, we road, " And many of tho Corinthians hearing, bolievod and woro baptised." And again, in Acts xix., cliup. 5 vers e, " And whon they hoard this " (tho gospel pronchod by Paul) "thoy wero baptisod," and we immediately, road of tho same men receiving the Holy Ghost. Horo ngniti in those two casos it is ovidont thnt boliovers only wero baptised. Having thus hurriedly, but' I trust' fairly, 1-eviruvod the practice of the apostlos nsiocordod in Scripturo, it appears to mo-t.hnt neither from this nor from tho words of our Lord in its institution, can tho ndvoentes for 'infant baptism ctorivo any substantial support— in othor words, ' that it cannot bo defended from .Scripture. It is easy to conceive howltha prnctico crept into the Church, nnd I nt once admit that thoy havo oil thoir sido tho prnctico of the Church from an early nge, but tho question arises— What ri«ht lias any Church to intormeddlo with, or add to— j!"6 . Sll.V pervert — any positive institution of Christ.- Upon this subjocfe I shall not at present enter, having somo slight regard for your \ aliinblq; spneo and your roadors' pntioneo, on which I fear I hnvo already trespassed too much. — I am, &c.;, , , LAYMAN. 