Among the minor measures which might profitably engage the attention of the Assembly next session is one having for its object the regulation of the sale of kerosene. Alarming and even fatal acci dents, arising from the explosion of lamps charged with inferior qualities of this useful but hazardous article, are now of constant occurrence. In this town, although fortunately no loss of life has yet happened from such a cause, destruc tive illustrations of the dangerous nature of the new lighting material are never theless by no means infrequent ; and few of our citizens would, we imagine, with hold their approbation from an enact ment calculated to neutralise the bad effects of what is now a source of peril and damage to their homes. These explosions are occasioned, as all the world knows, by the conversion of inferior qualities of kerosene into inflam mable vapor at too low a temperature. The purest and most highly rectified samples refuse to become vaporised below 110 degrees of Fahrenheit, whilst others will give off inflammable vapor at little more than 80°, or less than the tempera ture attained by the lamp reservoir on any ordinary summer's evening. It would clearly be to the advantage of the community if a law were passed to pro tect ignorant purchasers from the risk of having an article so dangerous to life and property imposed on them for nightly use ; and the interference of the Legisla ture in a matter so important to the pub lic safety could not on any pretext be objected to as causing an undue obstruc tion to the. course of trade. Very strin gent regulations as to the storage and sale of gunpowder are unhesitatingly ac quiesced in as necessary to the general security, and similar, though, of course, not equally restrictive, legislation with respect to an article only a few; degrees less dangerous, would doubtless commend itself to the approval of the mercantile class no less than to that of consumers. We therefore think that the Executive could hardly do better than copy the ex ample of Mr. Robertson, Colonial Se cretary of New South Wales, who has brought in a bill to' limit the indiscrimi nate sale of kerosene. Following an Act in torce in ureat .Britain be seeks to enact that no one 6hall sell, or expose for sale, or keep in store for the purpose of sale, any description of kerosene which gives off an inflammable vaponr at a tem perature of less than 110 deg. Faht., unless the package bear a label stating that the contents are liable to ignite at a temperature of less degree. The im porter and refiner must give notice to an inspector appointed under the Act, and no oil will be delivered without the cer tificate of this inspector. The kerosene may be tested by the inspector,' or by any more competent person ; but the test is a very simple one, being in fact nothing more than heating a small .quantity of the fluid in a spoon up to the required point, and the functionary in question will in reality be only required to perform, on behalf of the public, an operation which many cautious purchasers are in the h abit of performing th emselves. Another feature in the bill is the registration and licensing of refineries, and the illicit dis tillation of shale or other material will be made punishable. In a colony like New South Wales, where the deposits of oil bearing material occupy so. large an ex tent of ground, this provision is of greater importance than'it would at present be in* Qaeensland ; yet even here it might be the means of establishing refineries employing skill and capital to produce I superior oil. I The only objection worth listening to that could be brought forward against a meaBnre of this kind is that it would tend | to enhance the price of an article in con stant and general use, the supply of which is nevertheless somewhat precarious and ! intermittent. But independently of the ! immense saving effected by the use of ? even the dearest brands of kerosene over | other lighting material, it is hardly pro | bable that the public will object to pay an enhanced price for the article if they can thereby obtain the assurance that its employment will cease to be attended with danger. Moreover, the ulterior effect of £bis restrictive kind of legisla . . ... tion will be to encourage competition in the manufacture of the better and purer qualities, both in New South Wales and America, and the supply may be in conse quence cease to be as subject to fluctua tion as it is now. If a regard, for the safety of the lives and dwellings of the people be acknowledged to consist with the most jealous discretion in imposing limitations on the personal liberty and the rights of individuals — a position which few, we imagine, will venture to chal lenge — it will be allowed that Parliament would be performing a duty worthy of its functions by legislating without loss of time on a matter so fully deserving of its attention. In an amusing letter to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, the Rev. John Dunmore Lang, D.D., A.M., &c.;, &c.;, takes the Rockhampton separation move ment under his all-powerful wing. The style in which he does this is unique, and must have caused a suppressed grin even to those members of the separation com mittee who affected to take a serious view of the manifesto. Dr. Lang takes care that the cause shall not suffer for want of information as to the great achieve ments of its venerable patron. Lord Kimbebley is duly enlightened on the point that ' having been a member of the Legislature of this colony for up wards of a quarter of a century, up to the close of the year 1862 ; and having been 1 identified in that capacity with the sug gestion and achievement of two great acts of territorial separation in the suc cessful establishment of the colonies of Victoria and Queensland' — having more over ' been strongly solicited by a com mittee of the inhabitants of the northern portion of the latter colony, to second them in their present efforts for the se paration of that portion of Qaeensland from the present colony, and its erection into a distinct and independent colony. F' — this is the capital letter of Dr. Lang's alphabet, and an extra stock has always to be kept in stock by his 'print- ers—' I do so accordingly with the ut most cordiality, confident as I am that your Lordship will at once recognise the justice of the petition and appeal of these northern colonists, &c.;, &c.;' Nothing can be kinder or more conde scending than this ; and as so influential a recommendation can meet with but one answer, there was clearly no necessity for the writer to pursue the subject further. After a brief reference to one of the sta tistical notices accompanying the petition, which the authorities at the Colonial Office, without such guidance, would ob viously have overlooked, he passes over to more interesting matters. Among such, none could, of course, fairly take precedence of ' The Coming Event, or ihe Freedom and Independence of the Seven United Provinces of Australia,' and the Dr. consequently favors his Lordship with a prominent notice of that wonderful book, a copy of which he natu rally seizes sa favorable an opportunity of forwarding. The next sentence is some what severe on the ' exuberance of loyalty' of the Northern colonists, and contains a suggestion which, if whispered at head quarters, will suffice to utterly extinguish and annihilate the prospects of the Sepa rationists. The latter in their -petition judiciously recommended the euphonious, if not strikingly original title of Albert land as the name of the new colony, and here we find their chosen advocate and special pleader, the celebrated maker aud unmaker of realms, actually twitting his new proteges with their '' exuberant loyalty,' and evoking the ghost of Sir Thomas Mitchell, in defence of ' the exceedingly appropriate name of ' Capri cornia ' ' O Dr. Lang ! Dr. Lang J what hast thou been and gone and done ? In recommending — still through the medium of his book — Dawes Range as the Southern boundary of the proposed new colony, the doctor takes occasion to bestow a parting kick on that ungrateful colony which has so persistently ignored his eminent services. He would fain restore the' Clarence and Richmond river districts to Queensland, alleging her to have been unwarrantably and nnjustly deprived of them by the act and deed of Sir William Denison, and would like to see a rectifi cation, both north and south, of ' this mammoth colony jof New South Wales.' In what way this splenetic outburst is expected to help the cause he is specially engaged to advocate, is not very appa- : rent. Possibly, however, while not alto, gether declining a doty so admirably suited to his capacity for meddling, Dr. Lang keeps a prudent eye to the future. Possibly he calculates that the reputa tion of having been concerned in the ' rectification' of Qaeensland's southern boundary at the expense of a neighbor, would enable him to put forth a claim on her revenue which it would be difficult to resist. In- this view of the question the drift of his letter becomes clear enough. One word for the petitioners, and two for himself, which is Dr. Lang all over. In the District Court last week, in the case of Scott and Ferguson v. James Nichols, we are requested to state that Mr. Corser was the attorney for the plaintiffs. The weather on St. Patrick's Day was all ! that could be desired by pleasure-seekers, j Compassionate clouds-mitigated the fierce heat of the sun, and in the morning a gentle shower laid the dust and imparted freshness to the atmosphere. The almost sabbatical aspect of the town bore witness to the large numbers who had flitted iuto the country on testive thoughts intent. The largest proportion flocked to the racecourse, where a branch es tablishment of the Queen's Hotel, Kent-street, drove a roaring trade throughout the middle and latter part of the day. The Sunday School feast of the Catholic Church proved another point of attraction, and the hill at Point Lookrout was the gay rendezvous of several hnndreds throughout the afternoon. A heavy contingent was drafted off to the Bay by the steamer 'Effie,' to people for a few hours the solitary streets of the paper township of Bing ham. Numerous private parties were likewise formed by the less gregarious ; and for those who, after the manifold enjoym3nts of the day, had still sufficient energy left for dancing, a free ball at the Theatre Royal afforded un limited opportunities for gratifying their taste Altogether, we have seldom seen a public holiday pass off so pleasantly, and so much to the satisfaction of all concerned. 