HOW IT STRIKES A STfiANOEE. I took a, stroll through the outskirts and crannies of Nurmanby and Pullet tbe other week, after an absence of years, and was struck with the vast progression which has been effected iu so short a period. Muntham, which in my time was ' a lone hill side,' on which the only habitation was ' Wombwell's but,' or the 'Mnrderinff Flit,' where 'Fine Wool Paddy' was wont to shepherd Mb dingo scattered flocks, under escort of ' Big Sam,' or ' Jack Poynter,' gun in hand, have nuw assnmed the appearance of two neat rural parishes, such as may be seen on the banks of tbe H umber, or the Wye. The cottages, in close proximity to each other, the gardens, and the comfortable-looking farmsteadings, each giving each a double charm, reminds one forcibly of rural scenes in the home conntry ; and if hospitable old Jack Ltwford happens to flit past you, not like, a ghost or disembodied creature, but with twenty stones of good sound beef on his bones, you are at once convinced that the interiors nf the cottages are as comfortable as their exteriors indicate, and that the inhabitants do not live ou dried beans. 1 can scarcely now realise the fact, that where these lovely farms stand, a few short years ago 'Yelloprin,' the Australian chief, and two hundred paintbegrimed warriors, held undisputed dominion, and kept tbe few white intruders in trembling and endless terror. I have seen a party of ladies pic nieing on ' Bryant's Cieek ;' but I have seen tbe time, and that not very long ago. when they would not nic-nic there for 'all tbe wealth of Ormui or of Iod.' I have Been recently the flash stockman making tbe wood resound with the sound of his whip, one crack of which would formerly have brought a oloud of jageed Bream about his head. These were the jolly times when sport was dignified by danger, and every day was full of romance and adventure. There was no grog ' blending ' then, fur everything was genuine and straightforward, and although the first hotel was built of three bags and a sheet of stringy bark, the mutton was good end the water pure. In Cawker's Inn, at Merino, one can now find every luxury and every comfort nnder the sun, and when the day is done repose liinself on a bed nf down ; but, nn the very sits where, that inn stand', once stood the mia-mia of the dreaded ' Yellnprin ;' and, when you hear the music of Mrs. Cawker's frying-pan, and see the fine fat, jolly beefsteaks she is preparing f-r your substantial luncheon, ycu would scarcely credit that, on that very spot, or near it, I once? sniffed tbe ' unsavoury fumes radiating from portions of poor 'Larry the Tnnguer,' pre paring for ' Yelloprin'a ' supper. Captain Clarke was, I believe, the first who opened an inn at Merino, and honest Tom Mackwood fol lowed suit. ' At tbe time at which I write, Mr. Savige occupied the Eetreat Station, near Casterton, and waged a continual and bitter war with 'Yelloprin,' in which he lost as much as he gained. Coleraine nas then non tst, and Ham ilton in the womb of futurity, from which it emerged sooner than expected. The hotel at Heywood, which, nnder old Mr, Bilston earned a deserved celebrity, and maintains it under Mr. Maxwell, had not then come into existence, bnt wu represented bv a bark mia-miakept by a man named Edgar. Hotspur wu a wilderness, houseless, and bridgeless, until honest John M-Eaobern, or his predecessor, like one of tbe prophets of old, 'caused the sun to rise,' which so helped civilisation, that a good many of the people, though not Parsees, still wor ship the 'Elaine Sun ' there. Digby was a black and charred spot, a per. feet terra incognita, because before the road was made, tbestej-p hill io front of it caused the lumbering draya to make a detour to miss it ; and Sandford was at 'the bsck of the Sun.' oonn juieen usea.co lie seen on iuu uuu Creek in those days, like RnhinBon Crusoe, dressed in tbe skins of animals, keeping one eye bpon for 'Yelloprin,' and one for Mr. Henty *nd himself j but as John was a sterling indns triousmen, be in due time reaped the reward of honesty and perseverance, and with him in our miud we might say, 'Seeetthou a man diligent in ilia business, he shall stand before kings, he will not stand in the pretence of mean men.' Those who travelled in any wheeled vehicle, and strove to make a passage from even Port land to Heywsod, had to be preceded by two axe men, to make a road (or them, and the journey was tedious, difficult, and dangerous. In those days wool was of no value, and many squatters burnt it, shearing their sheep merely did they think then that, in a Tew brief years, it would realise a revenue of twelve millions sterling, and that the very boots and horns of their cattle would be of inestimable value. Little did Sir Harry Barton think, when he went to Tasmania for twenty ewat, or ' Beady Money Jack,' when he travelled to Melbourne to see a horse, that tbe time was at hand whan the former would be sold in Port Phillip at a shilling a head, and the latter would run in troop* there as wild as they run in tbe Ukraine, 'byapnraod bridle undefiled.' If Australia changes as much during tbe next fifty years as it fas* advanced within tbe last thirty, it will be able to laugh at invasion, anil compete in the race of progression with America. 