.ODD8.AND ENDSi ?„ i ?. A Cowardly Assauw. — To beat a retreat. Tub Best Place /or the Blind,— The scc-sido. ,,The cup after tho cup that cheers. —The hie cup. ' '?'.?. '' ' ' . '? '?'. ''? . ! 'Is a lamp at 'any time in a bad temper ?^-Yes ; when it is put out. ? ' '' . Wityare booksybur Beat friends?— Bacauseyou can shut them. up without ofTonding, thorn. ., An old maid, on being asked why she didn't get married sooner,' replied, '' I should'if I'd beoh as bldas-Iamtidw.' '' ' ' ': ' . '.: ' ! The s'weetestthing in 'ear-rings is an aquarium of rock crystal.' filled- with water, in which. swim small whales, lobsteraj'and shrimps. ;..;?-..?., j ' Mn,. BaowHj Jowoyoua grudge j remember that.' ' ' I shall not be' frightened' then ; for I never knew y ou; to pay any thing that1 you: owed. ' f * Sir,' said Dr. Johnson,' ' it is a shame to speak UL of, a man .behind, his back ; but I think the gentleman who baa just left the room is— an attorney:' ' '?-'?- _: ''.,'' '. '' : ? A 'MoNEy-iiuNTEii boing about; to marry a for tune, a friend askodbim how long tho honoy mopn would last.;. ' pon't toll mo of the honey moon,' he replied ; 'it is the harvest-moon with mo.'' ? ''i1. :* '' ?''?'?'?? ? -'? , A pTSPBprio and melancholy young man once bowailod. his prospects , to a friend,' and; said he didn't - sco how ho should ever, get through this world. ' ' Did you ever know any one to stop on the way 1' waa the grave and consoling reply.; ?.. .. ; ; ., / ' . A well known English lord, is said to have given the following instructions to hissteward :r ?'*' Weare coming down, a largo party, in aday or two, to oat strawberries and cream. . We shall .want plenty of tho latter, so don't , let any of thb cows pe milked meanwhile.' ... ... ? ''A ^Vasiiinoton man who was' Iatety,,used as a ?refereu'e'e to establish a friend's' cbaracterjdid it thuaibomprehensively : '' I am happy to inform , you that Mr. — -- stands.at the top ;of reapept ' ability here. tHe owns afost borse, a Now 'York judge, and intends to. steal the .fir«t railroad hie aeea lying around- loose.' : 1. .: i ., «, j : . A; ciiBRGjrMAs in endeavoring to' explain the warming, vivifying influenco of love in the heart of ,man; at vlast said, ' Why, love is the'elpinen^ary principle of'warmtJh and- life, as may be seen ;by the fact! that on the coldest winter's day a loving young couplo will bo all;aglow in a room in which a frosty' old bachelor would frewp tb'.deojtb.' ; 'Fa'nby, don't you think th&t; Jtr. Bond is a handsome mau? -''? ' 0 no ! I can't endure him. . He is homely enough.' ' Well,, he's fortunatio enough at all ovents ; an old aunt has lust died.' and Ipft 1 him fifty thousand dollars.''. ''Indeed 1, is' it truel Well/ now I come to recollect, tnere is a .certain noblo t air about him, and he las a fiuo ' oye— thatca.n',t.be,donied.'; . ... ;,!...: » 'I.FEAtt,' said a country minister to his flock, ' when I explained to tou in my last chajity. sermon that philanthropy rwais the love of-'mjr Bpocies, you must havo understood mo to Bay' spccict which may account for tho amallness of tUe collection. .You will prove, J hope, by your, present contribution that you arono longor labor ing uutler tho, same mistako.''. 1 .'. . ; . , ; ' , 'I wisirlwasaghost^blamedif I don't !'said a swoop, as ho was soliloquising in the cold the other morning. ' Thoy goes wherever they please, toll free. Thoy doivt owe nobody nothin,' and that's a comfort. Whoever hoard of a man who had a bill against a ghost ? Nobody. Thoy noyor buy clothes and wittles, nor has to stand shivering iu thb cold till Sully lots 'cm, in.' Tits story is told' of a: father in a churoh who, when tho nmrringo sorvioo came to tho point whore, tho clergyman asks,. 'Whoigivo'-h this woman to. bo:mortied: tothia man {'^replied, ' Well, su?, I am called; to do it, although it do go again the grauvj I wanted her to marry Bill I'lowaor, who is worth twice thenionoy o'.that ore man. ' Tho ans wor was not considered' regular. ' The editor of tho American Mechanic has en-, countered trials unkuownto ordinary nion. Just hearken unto his ?waitings : — ''Owfug to tho fact that lour papor. maker dlsappoiutod ,u$, tlio failure of tho mails doprived ua of our exchsuigos, a Dutch pedlar Btolo our scissors, tho rats ran oit with5 our paBto. aud the devils wont to tho circus, * whilo tho editor was athomo tendiug tho baby, our i-apor, is uuavpidably postponed beyond the period of publication.' A QKKiLKMAN waa once Btaying at' tho house of an oldorly wniden ludy. in the country 'who wanted nioro of bis ComiMuy than ho w;ts willing togivo. ,1'rpPPsiifiouodny to Ujikoa sti-oll \yith him, ho oxcuscd hiiuBolf tg her ou acoouut of the badnoss of tlio weather. Shortly afterwards she mot him Bnoakipg out ftlono. 'So, Mr. Brown,' aftid buo, 'it ia cloarod up.' ' Just t\ litUe, ma'Aiii— enough for ono, but uot onough for two.' ? 'Mauia,' said ft lady to ;v colored oharabor* lftixld, ' tbt\t'» tho tUinl silk dress you bavoworn siiico you came to, tup ; prtvy, how many do you own !'. ' Only Eoyon, missis ; but I'ao eaviug my wagosto bliy nuodor.'* ' Seven ! What uso aro BQVon allk droisoa to you 1 : Why, I dou't own so; many aB: that.'. 'S'poct not, micsis,!' said the smiling darkey ; ' yon does'nt uccd 'em so much aa I does. , You fieo, you nuality folks every body knows is quality -; but wo bottcrmost kind of cul hid pussoua has to.drcssBiuait to diatiuguiah oui- solves froin common niggers,' ?.,,;,... 'IlAiito, 'tlipro,' capting,' oaid! a Bwthor Jontvthau to tho Qrtptalu of u caual pAokot ou tho Eric Canal ; ?,' whatdo you chajrge for paBsage?!^ ''TBfee cents -jper --mile;- and- ^?Boanledi ?satftne' caplain. 'Waal,l gaesg,;ril takathepasaage,' capting. seeing as how -I'm. kinder1 gin 'out walk-! ing so far.' Accordingly he got on board as the j stoward was riDging ,for dinn?n Jonathan sat! down and began demolishing thq 'ruxinft''t9 the utter constemation ofithoi captain, until he had cleared the table of all that was eatable, when he got up and wont on deck, picking his teeth very co/pfortably.' ' Ho w far is it, captain, froin Here ; to where I^got onboard 1' ^|'( Nearly a mile and .a/Jialf,' 'said the captafn. /-'Let's see,' ,eaid Jonathan'; ' that would he just four and a half cents ; but nevermind, captiig; L won't be Brtiall. Here's five cents, which pays my fare to here. 1 :gqess I'il.go aehpro in)w.-Silm kiDderjxsted eout.' TilE METAPHTSICAIi .. CLVB ..IS . LOKDOS. — A singular association ha» recently, been formed in London. Tho singularity consists, not so much it , the object of the association, aa'in the member- 1 ship,whipb.consiBtsofmenoftheiiighe3tominence,: and of vastly diverse opinions; Its leader' is the poet Tennyson, .and amongst its members rare^ Jduxiey, j-^naau, ataniey, Aiagee, Alanniffg. Martineau^audo_ther equally distingoiahed repre sentatives of science, philosophy, . and' religion. , Tboy meet onceamonthateachother'8bi)usGS, when ono of the members reads- a paper, which has been privately -printed beforehand, a copy of; which, has been sent to 'each .member , of the riocibty. ' After thejpapor is' read it is .discussed. The corresponderit.of the Boston Advertiser, who, has recently called attention to ) the existence of this1 society, says :^-^'In these discussions Arch- : biahop Manning, James Martmeau'; Mr. E/ tt Hutton, (the Broad Churcheditor of the Spectator),) lanaDr. Ward (thb ,OUramontane editor of^thej Dublin 'Review) invariably, or almost so, .find' themselves on the sameside. None of these papers! are likely to Ijo lost ,to the wqr!4 : they have cost, too much labor to be put aside.' The' strange fel-i lowships which' are made in the discussion-room i are. not altogether confined to it. A month or' two1, ago tho readers of tho Contemporary Review wcro startled to boo among its contents an essay! (On the Will) of Archbishop Manning. The1 ex planation . ia in the fact that the essay . was ,a paper which had been read by tie Archbishop before the members of the Metaphysical. Society. Tho editor of tho Contemporary Review, W&. Knowles, I think, is a 'member of the society. Dr. Stanley and Bishop Magee are, I .understand,' among the members. Perhaps the curious may see, on the Protestant sidej an effect of the 'friend-; ships which are sometimes borne in these peculiar; mTCnmsLiTioiMi in nthnr nnarforo Ttin Sinrrtnin* is certainly, 1 far readier to say a word for the' Catholics than it was in the pro-metaphysical society days. ' Dr. 'Ward imblishes his papers in the DublmRcvicio, but I cannot say that any of the Catholic members 'betray a softening of their old antipathies.. TJioy will accept what aid they can, in their direction, but it is only that, they may 'make their dogmatic'position the firmer. Iti is said that eomo of the stricter Catholicaare uh^ easy at j the association of, the. Archbishop with, sol mauy heretics ; but he is strong enough to defend hiinself ; and'he always has the line of demarcation' clearly in view.' ' ? '' : -?? ? ?' .-?'????; , A Frakco-Qekman Waoer.— The Gauloispnb lisb.es .what ^ne may, hope, is the commencement of an amusing correspondence..', The first letter is1 from M. Bernot, head of tho College of Chateau^ dun, to'M. le Biron Unterrichter, orderly ' officer of General Baron von der Tann, Kattisbonne. . It runs . thus :—' Baron, — The 28th;of November 'last year, you were at Chateaudiin, ' which was taken after a fight of nine hours, not very glorious for: tho Prussian arms, : since 18,000 men; with twenty-four pieces of artillery, were pitted againBt',1200 men. V You took up your quarters at :iny ' friend's Wia apothecary, -where \re'- met; After, dinner, in the joy caused by your suc cess, you boasted about .the power of Prussia, her. immense forces, and admirable mili tary organisation, which no other nation could re sist. Greatly excited, you- fixed the date of your triumphal entry, into Paris, and fixed the follow ing itinerary; — 'In two days- we shall be at Orleans, in' eight days at Tours, and in. three weeks in Paris.' As I contested this last asserr tion, you said, . ' Weil, I bet ? my head againsi yours that we shall enter Paris before tho 1st 'of JanuarV.' The bbt was taken. Not having e,nr ?tered raris before the 1st of January, you- have dost, and your head belongs, to me. - As a maxL o( honor and as a gentleman you owe, it me, and 1 count upon your word. But do not torment ypur self, baron ; I anmot a man' of ' blood* and prefef seeing heads where the Creator placed them. For thureasonjl propose a; settlement,. You shall . keep your Hea3, which is' no doubfc precious to you, and would be a great nuisance to me ; bat as compensation you will givo me 10,000' francs, which shall be laid out inrolioying the victims of , the war.— Receive, &c.; , &c;, (signed) Bsksox.!' The baron's answer is anxiously expected. ? | -Air Axe Stobt. — The London Fun tells ' thb following in a capital American vein of humor:— . Wai, I reckon about the idlest chap I ever knpweu was a chan they called Long 3eofge down to Red Pine. ' He had had a bit or ground allotted him that was some timbered. I was running a posi at that timo on a pouy between the mines and the post office, and bo I passed his location every now and thon, and noticing that ho was always sot on a' log doing nothing, I hailed him, and asked him why he didn't begin to clear bis patch. Wai, he said, ho hadn't nary an axe, but that an old mate of his had got the next lot and ha reckoned he'd loan him his when ho came. Time went on, and as he still sot doing; nothing about three months nioro I asked if his mate had come. He said Pete had arrovo about a month ago, but as Pete had Ms own clearing to do ho1 had made up his mind not to ask for tho loan of the axe till it was done. Next spring when I come by, I oskod if Poto hadn't . done his clearing vot. and ho said with a mournful shake of the head that ho guessed he had for a bit for he had ? took ilL So I said, I reckoned he could have the 'axo now. but ho said he didn't want to bothw ? Poto while ho wasn't well. That autumn.whenl passed again I asked how Pete was, and he said no reckoned hot was protty well about now fqr they'd buried him about a month ago. ' ' Hoh* about that axo ?'said I. He up and said as Pete bad left it him, but he wouldn't go sloshing round' about a tritlo liko that while the widow was ju?t iu tho first bust of her bereavement The follow ing summer when I saw him,' he was still sitting on the log. 'Be«n for that axo yet?' said I. - ' Wai, I guess,' said ho, ' the widder's married again aud I ain't been introduced to tho new boss yet, aud he mightn't liko my going for tho axo just now.' About tho boginniug of winter, as I was returning from the mines, I overtook a littlo party going East, and fell into con versation with 'em; and ono woman said to nioas we wcro parting— ' Say, stranger, ?when you go back to the mines noxt time will you, just stop at Long Goorgo'a— I forgot to tell him as tho axo my last old man loft him is lying at Jem Brown's store. ' So next timo I passed^I told the crittur. Ho said he'd go and fetch it in a day or two, but bless you when I passed agiu tuero he was on tho log. ' Wai,' says I. ' whar*a that axo?' 'Why, at- Jem Brown's,' e»ya he. ' Thought jou'd been to fetoh it,' says I. 'So I did,' says ho, 'but to seo as Jem Brown had had tbo the trouble o1 'keeping it for mo, I felt it wftsonlyproportoniako him some Yoturn— -so— wal, we drank that axe between ua !'.' I larf ed Bomo, and tbo noxt time I passed I brought him a vouuk oak sapling and planted it. Saj's I, ' Thatlfi bo jwst tho sizo for an axe-helvo by tho tirao youVo got a head for it.'; ?♦' Th&nk; ye, stranger;' says he, quite s;kiist'.ed ; and it's mj belief bo's a-sottiujj there still watohing the darned thing gM\v.' V '. ' \'.' '??? ' ? '' ,'?' ?'?? ' ??'???- ! ?? 