CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION SOCIETY. ANNUAL MEETING : TUESDAY, MAY 2. DEVOTIONAL MELTING. At 10 o'clock, a fair number of ministers, delegates, and friends assembled in the Hind- <*> marsh-square Congregational Church for davo- tional exercises. The Rev. F. \V. Cox presided, and the Revs. J. Howie, W. Wilson, and Messrs. W. Bruce, and W. Lewis engaged in irayer. BUSINESS MEETING. At 11 o'clock the ministeis and delegates as sembled for business. After prayer by the Rev. John Gibson, The CHAIRMAN (the Rev. J. Jefferis) said, he was simply in the chair for the purpose of introducing his successor, the Rev. Charles Man thorpe, as Chairman for the year. In leaving the chair to which he was invited by their suffrages, he thanked them for the courtesy and help they had manifested towards him in the discharge of his duties. Those duties had been sufficiently light. Nothing had specially occurred to make any demand onhiui, by virtue of Ms office, ex cept with regard to the preparation of his ad dresies, and presidency at the annual and bi annual meetings. His addresses, it would be remembered, were on the subject of education, in order to rouse what seemed to him to be a decay of feeling upon that exceedingly important ques tion ; and although much had not resulted in the way of fruition from tuo?e addresses, he hoped something would be done by the country sit large during the tenure of his successor's office, and that he would have as,happy a time in the discharge of his duties a* he (Mi. Jefferis) had had in his. The Rev. Chas. Manthorpc then took the chair. On the motion of Mr. A. Hay, M.P., seconded by Rev. J. HOWIE, a cordial vote of thanks.was passed to Mr. Jefferis for his ser vices as Chairman for the past year. The Rev. Mr. Jefferis briefly returned thanks. BAPTIST DEPUTATION. The Chairman said the Rev. John Price of Alberton, was present as a deputation from the Baptist Association. (Cheers ) He was exceed ingly glad to see him present, and trusted he would feel himself free to take part in any of the discussions and conversations that might arise during the clay. At a later period, the Chairman read a letter from the Rev. J. M. Day, Chairman of the Baptist Association, expressing regret that he was unable to attend the Union meetings, but conveying the fraternal greetings of the Associa tion to the Congregational Union. ' PERSONAL MEMBER. The Rev. J. Macmichael was admitted as a personal member of the Union. ROLL OF MEMBERS. The roll was then made up as follows : — Stow Church—Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A., Messrs.. A. Hay, M.P., R. Stuckey, A Adam son, D. Robin, Hon. A. Stow, Messrs. W. Berry, H. Dean, W. Peacock, and W. Palmer. North Adelaide—Rev. J. Jefferis, LL..B., Messrs. H. Tite, W. Bruce, K. Searle, T. Frost, J. Porter, J. T. Shawyer. Hindmarsh- square—Rev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. George Millar, J. S. Stacy, Edward Bonnett, W. D. Allott, Hon. T. Reynolds, Messrs. W. C. Buik, S. Whitmore, P. Scrymgour, George Scrymgour, jun., J. A. Chartier, and J. M. Dowie. Glenelg—Rev. C. Manthorpe, and Messrs. James Counsell, and C. Fisher. Port Adelaide- Rev. N. H. Hodge, and Messrs Michelmore, Grosse, W. Haddy, and J. Ballantyne. Hindmarah—Messrs. J. Pickering, J. Mitton, J. Aston, O. C Thomas, and S. Smith. Clayton Chapel — Rev. E. Griffiths, and Messrs. J. Tasker, G: P. Doclette, and — Row land. High-street, Kensington—Mr. Cowman. Norwood —Rev. H. Cbeetham. Gawler—Messrs. William Malcolm and James Davies. Angaston and North Rhine—Rev. John Gibson, Rev. E. L. Coward, and Mr. E. Keynes. Kapunda—Rev. M. Williams, B.A., and Messrs. W, Lewis, D. Will, and H. Kelly. Alma Plains—Rev. W. Oldham. Truro—Rev. Peter Barr. Happy Valley—Rev. C. Hall and Mr. J. G. Klose. MacLaren Vale—Rev. Jas. Howie, and Messrs. R. Budgen, and John Brown. Encounter Bay, Bald Hills, and Port Victor —Rev. C. Hodge, and L. Y. Tite. Kadina—Rev. W; Wilson. Kingston—Rev. D. Milne. Salisbury—Rev. J. R. Ferguson. Port Elliot—Mr. J. W. Adams. Personal Members—Rev. W, Harcus, Rev. A. Scales, and Rev. J. Lloyd (of Wallaroo.) CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Chairman then delivered the following address:— Our Lives and Our Duty. " My Dear Brethren—Assembled this moprning as ministers and members of the Church of Christ, our predominant feeling should be that of devout gratitude to the bountiful Giver of all good. We meet in a time of peace. The late terrible war in Europe, prosecuted to such a bitter end, has at length terminated. As men, and as Christians, we must greatly rejoice on this account; and though we mourn the loss of so much valuable life, and the destruction of so much national property, we gratefully acknowledge that He who makes the wrath of man to praise Him, has caused these untoward events to fall out to the furtherance of the Gospel. France has had to withdraw her troops from Rome, and the Papal city is open, as it has not been for centuries, to the mes sengers of Christ, and the proclamation of a free full salvation through Him alone. Germany, we are informed, is aroused by a spirit of religious activity and enquiry, and men everywhere are ready to hear about the Christ. Underneath all the natural elation which is manifested because of such unparalleled successes in war, we earnestly hope and pray that that great country may retain a conscious sense of dependence upon God; may learn of Him to deal tenderly and mercifully towards a . fallen foe; and! may never forget that it is righteousness which exalteth a nation rather than the dear-bought victories of a battle-field. We may thank God, too, as we think of Eng land still graciously preserved from war; of Spain delivered from Papal bondage, and the Bible freely circulated among her people. Who has not rejoiced at the triumphs of the Gospel in Madagascar, recalling as they do the tncaesses of Apostolic times ? Spite of many and serious drawbacks,' the prospects of Christianity were never fairer and brighter than at the present moment, so that, reviewing the past and anticl p&tiug; the future, we do well to thank God, and take courage.. - Coming nearer home, we , have reason ■gratefully ,| to exclaim concerning this _tb? place of our adoption, * Lord, Thou hast been favorable nnto our land.' We have been permitted once more to reap an abundant harvest. Some of our "brethren may have to speak of the utter disap pointment of their hopes, and of consequent privation and poverty; but, as a whole, the people have reason to joy before God, * accord ing to the joy in harvest.' ■We have passed through a time of trial, but the dawn of better days is at hand, and we would sincerely'desire that the lessons learned in adversity may be remembered in more prosperous times, that so a healthier state of things in the political and commercial, the social and religious world, may peedily obtain among us. No emotion, how ever, can in this world be perfect and un mixed. How often hive we to rejoice with trembling! How many times, while thankful that things are no worse, have we occasion earnestly to wish that they Wire better. In such case are we to-day. As a portion of the Lord's great sacramental host, we exult in tie triumphs of the Gospel; but when we think of the ignorance and indifference, the scepticism and immorality that utill so largely prevail, wp are sensible that there remaineth yet very much hud to be possessed before the world is won lor Christ; and—sad thought— some of that land might have been already re oTaimed had we only been more zealous soldiers of the Cross. Am Congregationalists we have much for which to praise God, and over which we may justifiably rejoice. We have not con tended for truth and freedom in vain. Still we ate not without cause for humiliation and soli citude. To confine our attention to what con cerns ourselves in proof and illustration of this, I would remind you of the changes which have occurred in our ministerial ranks during the past year. One has died in a good old age, and gone to his grave as a shock of corn fully ripe; another has returned to the old country,'after a few'years of service among us; while three have retired from the work of the ministry. lam sure that it is scarcely necessary for me to remark thatonr prayers and best wishes will follow our brethren, who through age or sickness are compelled to rest from their lahera. We glorify God on their behalf for the consistency of their lives and the faithfulness of their ministration*; we ire thankful that in two instances their lack of service has been so soon and so efficiently sup plied ; still we cannot but feel a measure of con cern as to the future. How are our pulpits to be filled, as one by one onr ministers are taken from their work ? How are.we to enter in and occupy spheres of usefulness as 1 they open up to us ? Some may calmly advise us to leave all to tbeloidof the haivest Cjertainly onr chief dependence must be upon Him, and woe be to that Church which does not "ask Him to send them a pastor after His own heart. And yetit is our duty to use the means, and fervently pray God that he wouldJend forth more laborers into His harvest. , God doe? not work miracles to: spare the .' -^ntergies of the : indoleat and save the pocketaof the niggardly. What are the best means to,u?e is a question that demands our most venous consideration—Are- we always to depend upon securing from abroad able ministers of the New" Testament, or shall we no anything in the way of endeavor to £hd {among ourselves those who duly trained; would be aWe usefully to serve the Churches ? The sooner we fairly, folly, and devoutly consider these' and other questions concerning our \he better. I must not, however, linger on'thi^ point, but before passing on, I feel .persuaded I may undertake to say foryou, as wellas for myself, how' unfeignetfly we rejoice that our brother, the pastor of this .'Churchy after perils .by sea, and perils by land, is once more with us. May abundance of blessing be vouchsafed to him and to hut people. There is no lack of subjects that might very profitably engage our attention, and I have felt at a loss which to select as the most suitable—suitable I mean by being sufficiently general to" be catholic, and yet sufficiently Rpecial to be appropriate. Unquestionably we live in exciting and eventful times. Every year" as it revolves seems to become more and .more important, and it behoves us who are put in trust with the Gospel to seek clearly to discern the signs of the times, to study the ever-shift ing phases and developments of current thought, aud to bring ourselves face to face with the mental and moral specialities of our generation. Evidently if we would rightly serve and influence the present age we must un derstand it—in measure must make our agencies fit in with the course which we see it takes, thus considering what may be best for the pre sent necessity. It was no mean accomplish ment which the sacred historian attributes to the children of Issachar. They * were men that had understanding of the times to know what Israel ought to do, 5 and the consequence was that' all their brethren were at their command ment,' Presuming, for brevity's sake, that we have some understanding of the times, I venture to detain you for a few moments that we may con sider what we and all the Israel of God ought to do. For one thing, it is manifestly oar duty to be well grounded in the doctrines of our holy re ligion. lam aware that in insisting upon this I may be charged with echoing the sentiments of others; but as I never professed to be either a profound or original thinker, I do not stay to deny the charge. Only let me be understood. If any imagine that I am taking up and re peating the cry of heresy which has been raised in certain quarters, I Bhould most indig nantly resent such an imputation. Without subscription to creeds and confessions of faith, I am bold to affirm that, with some variations of thought and feeling (no one being bouad to ex press himself in the same language), the great truths of the Protestant Reformation —that is, the great truths of the Bible itself—have been seldom held more deliberately than by the Con grcga'.ienalis's of the present day. Yet one cannot but regard with concern the fact that the opinion in becoming common that doc trines .ire of us great importance. How frequently we are informed that Chris tianity is cot a creed, but a life ; that the gran 1 thing is to manifest a Christian spirit, an.l to live a. Christian life. 'Jhis is one of those nue-tidetl tui'-ements which are often very daugt-rous in th<-ir tendenoy. Itis more correct to siy that re'iglon is not merely a truth to be received, it is :ilso a life, and that the mind an.l he.rt -houll be stored with those divine truths which are designed to be the pabulum of a -eto ■ ing life, and the stimulus to its future progres?. ' She Christ-like life cannot be at t lined urik-s« we have been taught by Him, as thy. truth is in Jesus; then it is that we ' put off the old man with all bis deeds, and put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness aud true holiness.* A religion without doctrine is like the pre-Adamite earth, when it was ' withont form and void, and darkne-,6 covered the face of the deep,' or it is like a body without bones. You may have what looks like a beautiful form, n. body fair to behold and with promise of use, but having no solid frame work, at the first great wound or strain all its promise will drain swiftly away. We readily admit that no man, or any bo 1y of men, can cut out a round system of belief which shall enclose all revealed truth; we agiee with good'old Kobinspn, that the Lord hss more truth .yet to break forth out of His Holy Word—but surely the Bible is not such an enigma that we have yet to discover those fundamental doctrines which form the basis of the Christian religion. These let us seek more fully to understand, and mere firmly to hold fast. How otherwise shall we be able to resisc the attacks of scepticism, and stand firm amid confusion and error? Unless we have an intelligent setled faith in God as the moral Governor of the universe, aud as the hearer and answerer of prayer, are we not in danger of being led astray by modern scientific theories about filed and immutable laws, law in creation, and law in history ? I can do no more on the present occasion than briefly allude to this great subject. The exponents of these theories attempt to separate the Deity from J His works—to reduce the world to a piece of mechanism, and Providence to a succession of iron-bound necessities. According to their view, it is useless to pray in any season of ca lamity or sorrow, because the idea of special aad supernatural influence in relation either to matter or min<3, is a complete fallacy. We cwuiot afford to allow man thus to shut Go 4 out of His world, and out of our life* history. If is more pleasant to believe that " He overrules all mortal things, And manages our mean affairs; On. bumble souls the King of Kings j Bestows "His counsels and His cures." We are glad to be permitted in the prayer of faith to cast on Him our burdens and anxieties. Then let us seek clearly to understand the ground on which our belief rests, that we may not be ' soon shaken in mind or be troubled,' but mayi be able' to give an ' answer to every man that asks: us a reason of the hope that is in us concerning God's providential care aud superintendence in all the events of our lives. We are also called upon to hold fast the doc triue of atonement, through the death and righteousness of a Divine Mediator, and the doctrine of justification, through faith in His blood. The offence of the Cross has not yet ceased. Men, whose names are known to us, and whose writings freely circulate among us, profess to be shocked at the material and commercial aspect of the language used by theologians when speaking of the death of Christ. Now, Ido not ask that we stereotype the phraseology of our forefathers on this subject; but do let us glory, even as they did, in the crass of Christ We want their strong faith and their deep intelligent convictions. The sign's of the times warn us that in our endeavors to render the doctrine of the atone ment palatable, we are in danger of detaching from it the element which is at once its dis tinction and its power. There is n>ore than enough said in various quarters now abont the sel£-sacrince*of Christ, of which His death was so glorious an example. We require to be grounded and settled in the hope of the Gospel, and then", continuing in the faith, we shall tell these m?n, we believe all that, but we believe more —That death was a true sacrifice, a real expiation for sin; and only as we have faith in this will the spirit of consecration, of which they speak, take possession of us. Unless the Bible is a delusion and a snare, it is a fact that 'we are bought wi h a price;' we ' are redeemed with the precious blood of Chiut.' Here we must take our stand fearfully, ever ready to avow ihat we ' a&e; not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ; it is the power of God unto salva tion to every one that believeth, for therein is tbe righteousness of Godrevealed from faith to faith.' Further, let me remark, there is a growing ne cessity for insisting upon the simplicity of the Christian ritual. The rapid growth and spread of ritualistic opinions and tendencies is a sign of ihe times which calls for our serious con sideration. What does it indicate? what will he its ultimate development? what is onr duty in relation thereto ? Ido not wish to preach a crusade against the Ritualists. Some of them j are men of culture and refinement, and have drawn after them many whose high sestheticism leads them to long for aU that is graceful in form and grand ia sound; but the majority of their followers are weak men and women, who are led captive by their fondness for vain shows. Were I in England, I- should denounce as severely as any of my brethren the dishonesty of those who, while professing to be ministers of a Protestant Church, preach Komish doc trines and indulge in Romish practices. In this colony we are differently circum stanced. No congregations here are com pelled to have a Ritualist for a minister whether they will or not, and, on the other hand, if they prefer to secure aud retain the services of such an one, no one else has any just cause for complaint. All vx can do, all we ought to attempt to do, in to bring out more prominently the teachings of Scripture on ques tions of Ritual. We cannot ignore the subject altogether; loyalty to Christ and to our religious and ecclesiastioal convictions forbids our keep ing silence. Professor Simon has well said— "Ihe mission of Congregationalism, as I un derstand it, has been to. assert and apjfiy the fundamental principle of Protestantism ■*..*. * That principle is the right and duty, of every man's entering into direct fellowship with God without the. intervention" of anything human, whether it be a creed, or a form of polity, or a priesthood. If we have had any specific mes sage from God to deliver, it has been this. Our aim is, or ought to ba, to set men on their own feet, and to teach them to look to and learn of God for themselves.' This witness is true. It is our duty, even as it is our privilege, to assert and maintain the truth that ' the Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, hut righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost,' and that' in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth anything, nor uncircum cision, but a new creature.' As a corrective to the disposition to make too much of sacred places and holy days, we must present the statements of the Master—' Where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I ia the midst.' * The hour cometh when ye shall neither in this mountain nor. yet at Jerusalem worship the Father.' Do men make priestly pretensions, and lay claim to priestly power? All 'the more reason is there that we proclaim Jesus o:ily is ' the Apostle and High Priest of our profession.' He by * His one offering hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified,' so that 'there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins,' and that the whole body of the faithful, not a select few, are a ' chosen generation, a royal priesthood,' We xnu?t prove that the advocates of baptismal regeneration have no scriptural authority for thus limiting the Holy One of Israel. As well attempt to restrain the wind, to which He is compared, from blowing where it listeth: as attempt to confine His renewing influence to sacramentg and ceremonies, or within the minis tries of an or.lcr to which they claim to belong. AYe must meet all the sttisuous and sentimental ■iterances of the Ritualists about the Real l'resence in the ordinance of thb Lord's Supper by pointing out the many gracious assurances of Christ's spiritual and perpetual presence with His .people. The more earnestly and lovingly this is done the less likely will it be that men will' acceij^ bit* of bread, transformed! by a pries?s benediction, as the grand fulfilment o the Saviour's promise to the Church —'Lo, I am 'with you always, even to the end of the world.' There is little few tLat onr Chnrches will be borne along by the tide of ceremonialism so long as they are composed of those who, in the best sense of the term, are Bible Christians, and are like Apolloa, ' mighty in the Scriptures.' The genius of the Gospel is so utterly opposed to all that is formal that the men who thoroughly read and thoroughly digest the truths of God's word do not need to he pervaded that ' bodily exercise profiteth little1 or lhat 'it is a good thing that the heart be established with grace, not with meats which hare not profited them that hava been occupied therein.' Hot to weary you. or overtask my own strength, I shall briefly allude to one other point. It seems to me that we want a fuller realization of the Divine idea of Church life. It is a sad fact that some of the roost thoughtful, earnest, and gifted minds in our congregations refrain from uniting with the Church. We <3o well to ask, s the spirit, the atmosphere, the inner domestic life and working of our Churches, so intelligent and liberal, bo holy and heaven-like, as to pre- . sent an attraction to such men? 'Now, if there be one plain, fundamental, undeniable principle supplied by the New Testament re garding the Christian Church, itis this —that onr Lord meant to found a brotherhood, to which all who believe in Him should belong. What-' ever else this Church was or was not meant to ' ' be, it was to be a spiritual brotherhood —not simply in that exalted sense in which all true Christians are brothers, whether they acknow ledge one another as such or not, and the saints on earth, and all the dead, hnt one communion make;' but in this more practical and earthly sense, that Christians are to acknowledge one another as brethren, love as brethren, work together as brethren. By this all men are to know that we are Christ's disciples, that we love one another. One is onr Master, and all we are brethren. The Church is a body, having Christ foi its head ; and all its members are to be so closely identified in interest and feeling that if one suffer all the others suffer with him. Such is the Divine ideal. Have the union, the sanctity, the lave, the zeal, the heavenliness of this ' pattern given in the Mount,' been em bodied with sufficient and attainable approach to perfection in the Christian profession? Be yond the peace springing from the conscious ness that we have complied with the require ments ef the Master, and aro privileged 10 sit with His disciples at His table, what are the palpable advantages of Church membership ? Those who are least desirous of he moaning oar present state and condition, feel that it is jugb. time we should begin to think earnestly of con forming the Church more exactly to its Divine model. It can hardly be expected that I should indicate the exact direction onr efforts should take in seeking the accomplishment of this de sirable object. I may, however, remind you that resolute united action is far preferable to the idle grumbling about our deficiencies in which some are wont to indulge, that each of us has bis part to perform in seeking the purity and advancement of the brotherhood, and that - there is nothing in the constitution of our Churches which prevents onr profiting by the experience and practices of others. Happily, too, onr circumstances now are each that our spiritual growth and power is the only end that we need seek. The battle for religions freedom has been fought and won, and onr right to be regarded as a legitimate part of the true visible Church of Christ is now generally recognised. May 3od give us wisdom to improve the pre sent opportunity, and take advantage of this season of lest and quietness. Let us seek to supply what is lacking, and remove all impedi menta to our happiness, our holiness, and our usefulness. Let us strivo and pray ( that onr 'love may abound yet more and more in knowledge, and in all judgment, that we may approve things that are excellent, that we may be sincere and without offence till the day of Christ, being filled with the fruits of righteousness which are by Jesus Christ unto the glory and praise of God.' Most earaestfy wonldfl plead for this. We wish our Churches to grow and prosper, and gather to them those • that are without. We may ticnplify our modes- — of admission to their fellowship; this, however, will be of little service—it is not better machinery, but more power that we need. We want Churches in which the vital principle of godliness shall be so strong that they may fee' ' said to be instinct with the Sprit of God; Churches partaking so much of the mind of Christ that, like Him, they must be ever going about doing good; Churches in which men would feel they had a sacred home, and did iideed belong to the household of faith. Then those who had first gi^en their own selves to the_ Lord would speedily and gladly cast in their lot with us, rejoicing to be numbered with the saints. Moreover, I plead for this, because it will do much to promote that Christian union for which all good men long and pray. . The nearer wo come to Christ the more we are like Him; the closer shall we be drawn to all those who love onr Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. With more of the mind ot Christ, though retaining - our denominational peculiarities, the truth would be spoken in love, sectarian strife and rivalry would cease, and catholicity and con scientiousness would not only co-exist, but coalesce, Reviving influence is what we, and all the "Chuiehes of Christ, greatly*' requiie. Its effusion would develop cur mutual affinities, and bring us into sympathetic contact and final unity ; without it we Bhall never unite our parted forces. Brethren, the time is short, our responsibi lities are. great, our duties are many and serious. Let ub be true to ourselves, and, above all, true to our Master; The shadows are lengthening upon our path, reminding us that 'the night cometh when no man can work ;' therefore, let us be 'steadfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord.' God grant that each one of us may so live unto Him who died for us and rose again, and may so labor for the good, of others, that wh^n called Away from earth to onr rest and reward, our truest epitaph may be —* After he had served his own generation, by the will of God, he fell on sleep, and was gathered unto his fathers.' 1' (Applause.) TheKev. J. Jeffebis in jvco1 arery cordial vote of thanks to the Uhairman for his address. It had, he said, been characterised as usual by the • fervency and deep-toned spirituality which were the characteristics of their brother's ministry. He did net know that he had ever listened to anything whioh had fallen from his lips which had given him greater pleasure. The other day Mr. Manthorpe was telling him that he thought - bis recent illness had affected his brain. If so, he thought it had brightened it—(cheers}—and that it had given to him a deeper spirituality . than before. There was nothing in the addrets * particularly to characterise it, and he could not -' single anything' out for eulogy, as he liked the" general tone of it. The Rev. W. Wrpgos briefly seconded. The Bev.F. W. Oox supported "the motion.. There were one or" two topics referred to in the address which ought to engage the attention of v the Uniou. He referred to one particularly— the question of the supply of ministers to - vacant Churches. From the statements made' he learned that there were several vacancies iff '" ■ the Churqhes, and the difficulty was very con siderable in bringing out. ministers from the-■■"• mother country. He did not know whether or ' -. not now the difficulty was greater than before, in consequence of the great demand there was a? _ '* j home for ministers of the class they would like to bring out to this land. The question was abroad '■■ one as to whether they should simply depend - on supplies to be obtained from England,>- or *' endeavor to raise up ministers in this land. Certainly they ought to have some clear course' of action, else they would find that the Chnrob.es \ as they became vacant would be lost to "them by ceasing to exist, or lapsing into other bodies. - : With regarl to the reference to Ritualism; he . - confessed that during his recent visit in Eng land, although he moved about in what ie -■ might call Church of England circles more than he had ever done since his early life, his surprise was that he had heard so little of it. That was j nst the impression -he gathered.' He <■' found people made remarks on some neighbor- ' ing ministers who were carrying things with a ! high hand, but as far as he had seen the feeling. .: was not so strong as they, receiving the full : reports and facts in the newspapers, would be led to suppose. The movement no doubt arose - - out of the tendencies - for aesthetio culture: * ■—" That was one thing which exhibited itself in this fact—that there was sca- cely a village in England in which the -work of restoration— carried out with consummate skill and taste, i and at great expense —with respsct to build ings whioh previously were in a state " of dilapidation, was being carried out. No,: doubt that was one of the good things arising out of the greater atteni ion given to the externals of religion. His opinion, however, was that the uprising of liitualism in the Church was deeper thin that. Some years ago : —about 20 years ago—when the question first t began, to agitate society, he remembered Mr. Binney saying the manner in which the Church ; of l£ngland had gone on since the beginning of. ' ■■ the century-bad been much in the line in which ■ ■ the Dissenters had goue with reference to preaching, Sunday-schools, aud extraneous ac . tivity. They were distanced, however, in the ■' race in consequence of the trammels of the State. Hence many persons went back on the old line of priestly authority, and told the ■ people that they could not leave the Church ef' their fathers witho.it sin, and that they must come to them at peril of their souk' salvation. Thus the question rose up at the chief seats of learning, aud was brought to light by men of consummate scholarship. After referring'to D the history of the religious opinions of Dr. Newman, of Oxford, he said Dr. Newman tried to find a middle way between the Church of England and Romanism, but he was driven from that point, and found • that to be consistent he must go the whole length, and go to that Church in which his idea obtained its fullest, finest, and most logical de velopment. Ritualism was just a growing up of the tendency to put increased power in the hands of the priest, and to introduce the middle . ages—the agea of faith—so that everything should be left in the hands of the mini>ter who should carry out worship with all titt was beautiful and gorgeou?, and also give utterance to his own eoclesiaotacil power as intercessor between God and man. Therefore in this view the case waa. still more perilous even than mere decoration. He repeated the sentiments already expressed of approval and admiration at the tone and spirit which pervaded the] whole ad dress. (Cheers.) The motion was carried, and the Chairman briefly acknowledged the vote. ANNUAL BEPOETS. The Hon. A. Stow then read the annual re port, which is published elsewhere. The Hon. A. Stow, in the absence of Mr. O. Smedley, read the report of the Chapel Building Sooiety. Mr._W. C. BurKgaid, in consequenoe of con tributions which had been received in the last fortnight the report would have to be altered, as the Society was now in funds. He read the balanoe-aheet, which showed that the receipts hod been £331 3s. 2d., and the expenditure, £250 13s. Bd., leaving a balance in hand of £80 9s. 6d. (Applause) The Rev. M. EL Hodge said the*e were one or two things in the report on which he should like to say a few words. One was in relation to a fund for retired and aged ministers. He thought it of vast importance that such a fund should exist amongst them. He had felt it had been a. disgrace to them as a community that «uch a fund had not existed. In conversation with a Wesleyan brother some time ago, he was informed that the Wesleyans had a fund, amounting to something like £25,000, and it was annually accumulating. If this fund had been started at the time it was suggested, he was persuaded by this time it would have amounted to some thousands of pounds. They had wealthy men amongst them —men who might spare, say a thousand pounds —(laughter)—without feeling it These wealthy men should come forward with their heavy amounts, and those ministers who were in a position to do it would be glad to contribute towards it, whilst the Churches and congrega tions might make .annual collections towards it. He felt Btrongly on this subject, because before coming to this colony he travelled in England, and he was often grieved to see men who hai spent nearly their whole lifetime in the service of God almost in a state of destitution. They were jast hanging on, and theChurohes were dying out; and yet what else could the poor men do? They were at present in a position in whioh they nrght obviate that state of things. They had not many amongst them who were likely just now to come on such a fund. Of course the young man who was addressing them-didnotezpeottodo so yet—(laughter)— and therefore he could speak boldly on the point He did trust the matter would be taken up with vigor by their friends, and he should be very glad if their wealthy men .would give „ the fund a start that day. In this way they would be smoothing the pathway to the grave of many old and feeble ministers. Another matter ne wished to refer to was the retirement of their respected brother, Mr. Evan. He hud long deeply felt for and sympathised with him in his protracted indisposition. (Hear, hear.) He had oftentimes had the opportunity of listening to him, and he might say that he never listened to him without great pleasure and profit. He had often said to friends what a pity it was that a man of Mr. Evan's abilities should not be endued with a more robust con stitution, but he had been in the hands of their Heavenly Father ; but although he had suffered much, he hoped it would all be ultimately over ruled for his good, and for *li« gJgiLnftnmfliif. the cause with which he was identified. He expressed his desire to move & resolution of 1 sympathy with Mr. Evan on his retirement I from Stow Church. i The Chairman said it would be well to adopt ! the report first. > The Bey. Mr. Hodge moved, and Mr. Thomas ' seconded, the adoption of the report, Mr. < Thomas pointing out the necessity for steps < being taken to augment the ministerial ranks 1 of their denomination. The Bey. J. Price (Bapti?t), who was warmly received, said in supporting the motion he might take the opportunity of fulfilling the i duty he was deputed to do that day—to express f to the Congregational Union a feeling of deep interest on the part «f the Baptist Association t in the work the Union was carrying on in con- t nection with the whole Church of Christ. It t was quite manifest that their aims were iden- 1 tical, that their spirit was one, and that the i jliffimin.. they had to encounter were identical, t He expressed his great thankfulness that they 1 had an address to go forth to the public of the i character of the one presented that morning, i (Hear, hear.) He thought that one fact men- 1 tioned by Mr. Manthorpe was of importance to c Congregational Churches of both sections, viz., f that they had not to fight any battle for free- I dom. The Congregational bodies had stood in i the foremost ranks, or amongst the foremost i ranks, in fighting the battle of civil and reli- s gions liberty. It seemed to him to be a disad- g vantage to any Church to be obliged to prolong a to any lengthened period a battle of that de- 1 scrlption. There was a tendency in their 1 Churches, he thought, to forget the real g spiritual work which had been brought before t them that morning, and to merge into the C lower aspect of the political, civil, or semi- C religious. He felt thankful for the ad dress, not because it differed from the c sentiments put forth an every Lord's day, <3 but because theannualaddressoftheUnionwent h forth with a great deal of authority, and being ? disseminated widely, was calculated to do a y work which Sunday discourses failed to acoom- n plish. If they as Churches ani ministers came * up to the spirit of that address, their difficul- p ties would soon be overcome. If they were as tl distinct iv the Christian doctrine, in its recep- a turn and utterance, as Mr. Manthorpe had put a it—if they were so simple in the Christian li ritual, and stood firmly on the foundations of c their faith, they need not fear either rah tionalism or Bitualism, and they would do s] much to overcome indifferentism, which was c their greatest foe. (Cheers). o The Chairman was sure he only repeated I the sentiments of all present, when he said he a was exceedingly glad to Bee Mr. Price present, t and to hear his expression of brotherly feeling s on the part of the Association to which he be- i longed. He also pointed out that it would be ? very convenient to the Committee if friends c would forward their subscriptions at the begin- Is ning of the year, instead of at the close of it. i The Bey. James Howib thought the Com- a mittee might cause an alteration, by only 1 making grants from money in hand, instead of g making grants, and then expectiag the money t to be male up afterwards. I The Hon. A, Stow said the Mngprfn* was in a J promising condition. The assets were about i £40 in excess of their liabilities, which was a 1 tolerably hopeful indication. The circulation o was about 620 copie?, and this, with advertise- q ments, would defray the cost of printing. The motion for the adoption of the report was t then carried. o SYMPATHY WITH THE BEY. a W. EVAN. ■ The Key. M. H. Hodoe moved—" That this ? Union desires to express its sympathy with the a Bey. CW. Evan in his peculiar circumstances, ? and to express its regret at the oiroumstanoes ? which have compelled him to relinquish his v charge." I The Hon. THOMAS REYNOLDS was glad Mr. Hodge had drawn attention to the necessity for * an Aged and Retiring Ministers' Fund. He c thought the establishment of suoh a fund would ? be very desirable, and it was possible tbe hint * given might be taken by their wealthy friends. J He thought it would have been well for Mr. * Hodge to have moved for the appointment of a * Committee to enquire into this matter, and see * what could be done. He knew one Church in c Victoria where such a fund amounted to £50,000. * He rose more|especially to second the motion, ' /f and to personally tender to Mr. Evan his deep I sympathy at the circumstances which had ne- s eessitated his retirement. He thought it a loss " to the Church, and it would be a great loss to • the community if Mr. Evan were not able to ! take part in the the deliberations of the Union. J When he had the pleasure of listening to Mr. • Bran, lie used to feel that there was no, man lie J had sat under who'had given Mm more plea sure as a minister of the Gospel of Christ.- He ' did hope' after his retirement from the active ' duties of the pulpit his strength might be so far ■ renewed that they might not. only frequently * hear his voice at their Union meetings, but also ' hear ft in some of their pulpits. ~ ' The Bey. J. Jefferis expressed a hope that ( as maay brethren as possible would endeavor to attend at a meeting on Wednesday evening, , when* testimonial was to be presented to Mr. ' Bran. '" ' ' The Chatbicaxt —I am sure I echo the eenti- * ments which have been uttered by my friend j Mr. Hodge and Mr. Reynolds, and Ido hope, as j they have said, that although Mr. Evan istfor , the present laid aside in God's good providence, , from the work of the pastorate, he may yet be long spared ; and we may be permitted often ( to see him at these gatherings, and to hear his . voice. J The motion was carried unanimously. COBOaATtILATIONS TO THB BEY. P. W. COX. The Bey. Mobgaw Williams and the Key. H. CaELTHAM seconded a vote of congxatula- ■ tioi to the Key. F. W. Cox, on the occasion pf bis return from Europe in safety. The Key. j Mr. Cox tersely acknowledged this expression ef Viwdnfiw, which he Baid was another of the many marks of friendly feeling he had received ' since his return. . , ELECTION OF OFFICEBS.. . ' The following officers were then elected- Chairman for 1872-3, Bey. F. W. Cox'VTrea- ' surer, A. Hay, BaqT, M.P. ; Secretaries, Bey. E.: ', GrlffithsandHoD.XStow; KmareSeoret?ry;' Mr. W. C. Bnik; Remainder.,aCJOia?UDittoeJ < Bey. 0. W. Evan, 8.A., JJev. F. W. Cpx,, itev. . 3\. Jefferis, LL.B, Bey. O: Manthorpe, Uav, Jk. . Oheetham, Bey. S. L. Harris, Eev. E. Griffiths, sad Key. A. Scales, Hon^ T.- Reynolds, and Messrs. A. Adamftsn, i. M. .^ndecsos, /. A. . Oharfier, T.'Caterer. H,.pean, O. P. Doolette, J. M. Dowie, W. T/FlinfcA:1 Gore, J. Grose, W. Nsvixmld, W.Bklnier,;"W.; -ft. Jfewbould, G. Phillips, J. Pickering, J. Porter, G. Scrym gour, O. Scrymgour, Jan., J. r. Shawyer, C. Smedley, and 8. Whitmore." HALF- TEAELT MBETCNO. The next business on the programme was to fix when and where the half-yearly meeting should take place. Mr. W. O. Bute proposed that the faalf yearly meeting be dispensed-with, as for some *~ yemrs part the half- yearly meetings had been rerr poorly attended, and the Churches to which they had been invited had bean put to very considerable trouble and expense to no purpose. The Hod. A. Stow suggested, on the question of their mstttings generally, that they should transact the formal business in the daytime, j and have the Chairman's address and do other business at tho evening meeting, as was done iv Victoria. The Eev. J. Price—On one occasion the Baptist Association had the Chairman's address at the evening meeting, but it was felt that this plan restricted somewhat the discussion which would take place were it given at the business meeting. Mr. Hit, M.P., remarked that in Tasmania the Chairman's address was given in the evening, and next day the Union met for busi ness. The Hon. Thos. Ketnolds thought if the half-yearly meetings were held in the city they would be well attended. Persons in tows could not afford the time and money necessary to attend meetings in the country. One day in the year was not sufficient to consider all the questions which it was necessary that they as a denomination should disouss. There was one important question requiring attention, and that was—the question of a I*bn-Denomina tional University, but it had not been possible to bring this question forward yet. If they were only to meet once in twelve months, and then only for one day, there would never be much done by the Congregational Union, although there might be many public questions affecting the body. Mr. TV. C Bunt would withdraw his motion if it were understood that the half-yearly meet ings would be held in the city. The Eev. F. W. Cox said the original idea of the half-yearly meetings was, that they should benefit and revive the country distriots. So long, therefore, as country Churches invited the Union the half-yearly meetings should be held in the country. If no invitation was given it would be a pretty clear indication that their country friends did not want them. Mr. W. LEWIS was opposed to holding the half-yearly meetings in the city, as it was an expense to country members to come to Ade laide; The Eev. J. Howie thought it might be left to the Committee, but it ijrould be hard to pass a resolution that all the meetings be held in Adelaide. ■ The Eev. W.,Habcus thought they should be very careful ia altering old usages, especially without due aotice being given. Several very interesting meetings had been, held in the country, and the brethren were always liberally and hospitably entertained. Hethonght Mr. Howie's suggestion would best meet the case. It was then resolved on the motion of the Rev. Mr. Howie, seconded by the Rev. Mr. Oldham, that the matter be left to the Com mittee, to act according to their discretion. The -Son. ,A._ Stow moved—" That it be an instruction to "the Committee' to arrange for holding part of the next annual deliberative meeting-in the. evening." Mr. A. Hat quite agreed with this, but he did not think it should be made absolutely imperative. Mr. STDWsaid then he would add the words "should they consider, it desirable to do so." The motion was carried with this~addition. Aiusdjournment of 40 minutes was then made for refreshment. __ "THK. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN rNDBPffiTOKNT." The Chairman referred to specimen copies of the denominational, magazine which had been plaoed in the seats of that Church for gratui tous distribution, saying he hoped they would be taken, and that efforts would be made to increase the circulation. The monthly revenue was £(S, the expense £9, leaving a balance to their funds of £4 per month, and if their cir culation was extended the revenue of course would be greater. RELATION OP CHRIBTIANITY TO THB CIVIL GOVERNMENT. The Eev. J. Jefferis was then called upon to read a paper on the above subject. It was *s follows :— The dream of a " Christian State" is almost over. Especially in the British Empiie has the illusion beeti-aispellea. Theimion of the poli tical and the theocratic is approaching its end. We are living in years that are very fruitful in the outcome «f great principles whicb have long been silently working. One of these, which in England has taken many centuries to approach maturity, is the right of every man te think for hmww-lf, and not to allow others to think for him in matters of religion. It is now conceded on all hands that Government must not inter fere with conscience. The State which defines religious belief, enjoins a particular mode of worship, and endows certain obedient Churches, is felt to be intruding beyond its legitimate sphere. However worthy its aim, whatever good re?ults may have been achieved by its aotion, its continuanoe in this order of things is opposed to the modern Christian conscience. The realm of faith lies beyond the realm governed by any earthly power. Let Cesar's tribute be fully and honorably paid, but let not Caesar interfere with the tribute demanded by God. We may well illustrate the change that has come over the mind of England on this point during the past half century, by the change that has taken place in the opinions of the greatest of English statesmen, tome what more than 30 years ago Mr. Gladstone affirmed that every nation had a conscience, that it was bound to adopt some foim of religious belief, that the propagation of this religious belief was one of the chief ends of Government. Ttreuty years ago he said—" We cannot change the profound and resistless tendencies of the age towards re ligious liberty—it is our business to guide and control their application. Do this you may; but to endeavor to turn them backward is the sport of children done by the hands of men, and every effort you may make in that direction will only recoil upon you in disaster and disgrace." In his chapterof autobiography, publishedin 1868, after giving a view of the alterations which had taken place in tbe laws bearing on religion, he says—•• Xhe idea of asserting on the part of the National Church those exclusive claims which become positively unjust in a divided country, governed on popular principles, has been abandoned by all parties in the State." And, he adds, in words as true for his country as they are honorable to himself, " I, who may have helped to mislead many by an over-hasty generalization, would now submit what seems to me calculated to reassure the public mind." I make my appeal to the history of the last 35 years. During those years what may be called the dogmatic allegiance of the State to religion has been greatly retarded; but its consciousness of moral duty has been not less notably quiokeued and enhanced. We, in South Australia, have long ago reached the goal which is being striven after by many of the noblest minds of England. We have settled it onoe and for ever that there thall be no dominant form of'religion. Religious freedom, and religious equality, to the fullest possible degree, is affirmed or implied by various Acts of Parliament. Our Government is absolutely unfettered by the least fragment of clerical power. And yet there must be some relation, whether well or ill defined, between Christianity and civil government. Neither can ignore the other. The two cannot be comple.ely sepa rated as long as we continue a Christian people. What we need to learn is the degree in which the one may lawfully—that is, in accordance with Divine law—help or restrain the operations of the other. No thoughtful statesman or minister of religion can avoid seeing the difficulties which are connected with the solution of this problem. It is far easier to secure the recognition of a, principle, and to embody it in law, than it is to apply it to the varying exigencies of social life. There i« no doubt that one of the first results of religioas freedom has been the disintegra tion of Christendom. The old unity, greater in seeming than in reality, has been broken up. The State now finds itself confronted with a multitude of sects, each alaiming its protection. There is a chaos of conflicting opinions, and many forms of worship. How shall the State act towards these in the spirit of the Consti tution, and according to existing laws ? There are two points of contact. The State has to do with Christianity in respect to the doctrines whidh are taught by it, and the ecclesiastical organization! into which these doctrines have crystallised. Ja looking at the doctrines of Christianity, there is a distinction obvious enough, but too often overlooked. The New Testament contains A series of truths which are of a supernatural ontar. This is the special domain of Christian belief, and the sole arena of Christian con troversy. It contains also a series of truths which are of a natural order, though presented with Divine sanction. This is the special domain of Christian morality, in which all Christians are at one. Now, with the first of these the statesman has nothing to do. Men may believe what they like, and express their belief in any form of worship. But -with the second the statesman has much to do. He is bound to' restrain evil and encourage good. The teachings of the Lord Jesus Christ on matters of individual and social morality must be embodied' in legislation, and maintained by the Executive so far as their legitimate province extends. But how shall the State deal with the various ecclesiastical- organizations ?—Churches as they ore called. We leply, "By letting them alone to: the utmost extent possible." They want -no permission—that has been conceded as their right. They want no patronage—that would be resented as an insult to their spiritual order. They want no power such as the State might «xert on their behalf —that is opposed to their -new of Christian obedience, which must be voluntary, and without penal sanctions. But there are occasions when the State is bound to *ct, or to give permission to the Churches to act in a direct religious way. The whole ques tion of education stands too closely conneoted with religion for the religious aspect of it to be entirely ignored.* She is the foster-mother of all outcast and abandoned children. She has a vast number of paupers—imbecile and lunatic —living on her bounty. She has hospitals for the cure of the sick. She has prisons for the restraint of the criminal. This great army can not be left without Christian instruction. It would be a grievous abandonment of her duty, Md an outrage upon tile conscience of the na tion. There are occasions too, as it would seem, when in the interests of social order, she 1 should invite, the Churches by represent*- I tives, to testify their loyalty to the powers that be as ordained of God. I will not pretend to define the mode in which the Government of South Australia should act in these aniaimilaroases. But there are two fundamental principles npon which all its action must Le based— 1\. The State mutt not regard itself in any sense as a teacher of religion. The responsi bility of giving religions instruction must be cast upon the Churches unitedly. 2\. The State must treat impartially the vari ous sects without reference to precedents, whicli belong to a condition of society in which th? union between Church and State is still maintained. Whatever difficulties there may be in acting upon these, such difficulties must be fairly met. Forbearance and courtesy will diminish them, while arrogance and jealousy will certainly in crease them. The Key. F. W. Cox did not know exactly if it was uKual, but on the supposition that it was, he would move a yote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Jefferis for his paper, which he did not think was any the worse for being brief. He then commented on the relation of Church and State, and said he dare say they agreed that the State should take action as to the helpless ones in asylums, prisons, and bo on, as it stood in another relation than the State towards tho c poor people. He was struck with an expression of Dean Alford's, who, in one of his books, speaking of the progress following the disestab lishment of the Irish Church, said the time would oome when it would take place in Eng land. He said it was a logical result, and traced the various steps, each oneof which, he said, led to subsequent reforms. With regard to the principle of religious equality, he was sorry to hear that it had been Bet aside in what appearec to him to be an uncalled for and arbitrary manner. (Hear, hear.) He alluded to the cir cumstance of the funeral of the late Governor (airDominick Daly), pointing ont that there was very little question as to precedence exhibited there, and saying that they got along very well, and did not vex each other because they were left to themselves—to their own natural seD?e of courtesy and forbearance. There had, how ever, been shown recently a marked difference between two sections of the Church here and other denominations, and he did not think that they should suffer such things to pass without an indignant protest. (Cheers.) Mr. D. Bobtn seconded the vote of thanks to Mr. Jefferis for the paper, saying he thought the Church should let the State alone. ■ The motion was carried. The Bey. F. W. Cox then moved—"That this meeting views with surprise the marked distinction made between the representatives of religious bodies having the right of private enfrfcatthe levee held on the birthday of Her Majesty. It hereby desires to express firmly its sense of the inoompatability of those dis tinctions with the principles of religious equality prevailing in this colony, and it instructs'its Chairman and Secretary to forward a copy of thi9 resolution to His Excellency the Governor, with a respectful request that in future such arrangements may be made as will remove the invidious distinction complained of." The Bey. O. W. Evan seconded the motion, le thought they had the remnants of an old life, which ought to be destroyed—{hear, hear) —becatsa it was very evident that am ecclesias tical influence attached to the State here simply becau?e It attached to it elsewhere under very different conditions; With reference to distinc tions" at the livee, hit 'own view was that ministers of religion should not appear there in any other ■ oapacity than as citizens—(oheers) —and unless the grievance complained of was at once and fully removed his own view was that the Churches should altogether abstain from appearing by their representatives on that special occasion. (Hear, hear.) He enjoyed listening to Mr. Jefferis's paper, as there was nothing in it with which he did not fully agree. The Hon. A. Stow said this involved the question whether the Chairman of the Union should a].pear as a representative at the levee. It would be better for ministers of religion not to appear on those occasions in any other ca pacity than that of private citizens. Because he agreed with that, and because he felt that there were no points of contact bet ween the religious denominations.as such, and theState.heoould not vote for the resolution. It would be far better to put the resolution in this way:—" That the Chairman of the Union be requested not to attend the levee in his representative capacity as Chairman of the Congregational Union." Any person wishing to make a profession of his loyalty, if that was necessary, might do so without doing so as the representative of any section of the Christian Church. There might have been a time when it was important to know whether a large section of the community would drink "To the T^r> e over the water," or be loyal to the reigning dynasty. The thing, however, now, was altogether without meaning. It would be better for the State to take it for granted that persons were loyal until they had shown evidence to the contrary. Whoever thought it a dnty to attend on those occasions should do £o simply as a member of a secular or civil body, and not as a minister of religion. The Bey. W. Harcds said if they passed this resolution and sent it to the Governor, he ap irehended the Governor's answer would be that he was simply carrying ont instructions sent to him by the Home authorities, regulating the order of precedence, and it must be borne in mind that the present Governor was not the first to intioduce this new system. It was in troduced by the lase Sir Dominick Daly, who published in the Gazelle the order of precedence as it was sent from the Colonial Office, for the purpose of instructing Colonial Governors as to how they ,should receive certain dignitaries. Sir Dominick Daly felt it necessary to issue those regulations. Whether or not they were carefully carried oat lyhiin he was not pre pared to say. It was only fair, however, that they should understand that the present Go vernor was not the first to introduce the new regulations. He hoped they would be very careful not te put themselves in a position of antagonism with the powers that be. He hoped it would not be necessary that he should say he was utterly opposed to the order of precedence as laid down by the Governor. It was absurd on the face of it; but he was anxious to impress on the Union that he believed the Governor was simply carrying out the instructions he had re ceived from the Home Office. He thought a fair remonstrance from that meeting might go to His Excellency, pointing out the state of feeling there, but he was not quite sure that they should goquiteso far as the resolution went. It was a small matter, after all, whether ministers went in a representative or private capacity to those annual meetings, when His Excellency, in the name of the Queen, reoeived congratulations. He could not vote for the amendment of Mr. Staw, as that would be im posing a restraint on the Chairman, whioh the Congregational Union ought to be the last to do. It was entirely a question for the Chair man himself to consider and decide. Mr. Man thorpe was their Chairman—with all the digni ties of Ghairmanfcf the Congregational "Union — . and they ought to leave it to his own good ' sense, as to how he should exercise the privi leges and duties of the position. * The Hon. Thomas Beykolds was glad Mr. 1 Cox had brought forward this question, and glad *. also that Mr. Harcus had stated that the Go vernor carried out instructions. Just prior to ' the arrival of H.B.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, ! the home authorities thought it proper to send to the Governor copies of regulations adapted ' in 1843. These were rather aged, and were, 1 no doubt, relics of past ages, -which ought to be altered. They were sent out as some guide to the Governor as to the course of precedence he should adopt until they were altered by the various Governments in the colonies. For in stance, it wa? well known that these regulations would only properly apply to Crown colonies— colonies where responsible government did not 1 exist. Where responsible government existed, ] however, the regulations could be altered, and 1 he did express his surprise that no alteration 1 had been made in these regulations, because the ] Government of the day, when Sir Dominick < Daly published these regulations, prepared new < regulations obviating the very difficulty now i complained of. (Cheers.) Those new regula- 1 tiona were printed, and were, he supposed, ■ lying in the Chief Secretary's pigeon-holes. He < was surprised nothing had been done since that i day, and he urged the Union to enter its pro- i test. The Government of that day wished to f place all the religious denominations on a proper i footing, and this was the only remaining relic i There was one other at that time —the Colonial (' Chaplain—and he gave the Legislature no ■ < rest until there was a compromise that i when the then incumbent of the office should- 1 vacae it, the office should not be filled np. He hoped the Union would stick np for < their rights, and give the Government no peace 1 until they had removed this last relic of an i absurd state of things. i The Bey. J. Jeffebis supported the motioD, ' and Baid he wished to remove a little appehen sion-which existed as to whether the published ' list as it appeared last year really fairly repre sented the instructions sent out by the Home ' Government. He had taken a great deal of : trouble in this matter. Be was their represen- : tative last year, aud he felt himself considerably < slighted. He did not attend the private levee, ; although he was invited, and he simply attended > as a private citizen. He had taken the trouble to write to the other colonies, and to obtain from public men there what information he could on the subject. Be found that in Vic toria the Bishop of Melbourne, the Bishop's Chaplain, the Vica? -General, the heads of the Hebrew &ad; Unitarian denouiiuatiou?, and the Chairman of the Congregational Union wore all grouped together. In the Sydney Morning Berate he found Dr. Parker (the metropolitan Bishop), Bishop )Marsdtn, the Moderator of the Presbytery, the Chaiiinan of the Congregational Union, and the President of the Wealeyan Con ference, all together. The Koman Catholic Archbishop did not appear, as there was a squabble between him and the fcnglish Bishop, and the Archbishop did not yield his opinion, but retired from the field. In Queensland there was no recognised order of precedence at the time of the late Governor. The rule was, however, to group tho clergy of the Church of England, the Church of E?me, and all other denominations together. What he complained of here wa? that in attempting \ to carry out instructions such a marked and in- I vidious—and he might say insulting—distino a tion was maintained between two representa tives of tbe Churches in this colony and all the a rest. Here they had placed at the bead of all a the Civil officers the Biehop of Adelaide, and c the Vicar-General as representing the Church 1 of Borne. Then they had the whole breadth of the Civil Service down to the lowest Custoui- V House official, and then bemath these came \- the representatives of other Churches. He did c maintain that this was a distinction that was not authorised by any instructions sent out. \- (Cheers.) Hence he had felt it his duty on this , occasion to refer to the questi in in his paper, i and to utter his indignant protest against this 1 state of things. (Applause.) Mr. D. Adamson was understood to say that ; the best thing would be far the Church to leave . the State alone. Mr. Jefferis seemed to wish , the ministers should take precedence of the \- Civil officers, but if this were done then the Civil officers would be complaining, and it f would be too bad to put the Governor in that t position. It would bo mush better for the ! Chairman of the Union to appear simply as a 1 private gentleman. He did not require any , perso? to represent him. i The Bey. Mr. Jeffkeis begged to correct ; gome most startling misrepresentations by Mr. i Adamson. He wanted to be left alone. He did l not want his name to he printed in a list like i this in a degraiing position. Let the State i leave the ministers alone altogether. The Bey. W. Oldham was one of those who ' took part in the battle for civil and religious i freedom, and he thought Mr. Reynolds had put > the question right when he said we here had a . representative Government, and were not there . fore bound by orders from home. They ought :to assert their privileges, and to express their regret and indignation at the distinction made at the late levee. It deserved reprobation in the strongest terms, but the real question was what should they do for the future. He understood they wished to assert the broad principle that ministers of religion wishing to testify their loyalty should do so simply as citizens. If they allowed the religious element te enter into the private entree, it would simply be introducing the thin end of the wedge, whilst the less Go vernments had to do with religion and religions societies the better. The Rev. C. W. Evan thought he might ap pear inconsistent. His own view was precisely that of Mr. Stow—that ministers should not appear except as citizens, but he seconded Mr. Cox's proposition in accommodation to what he thought were the views of the majority. If there was any probability of carrying Mr. Stow's motion he should prefer that. He pointed out that when a new Governor came the Congrega tional Union and other bodies presented con gratulatory addresses and the Congregational Union of England also presented addresses of congratulation, of condolence, when such expressions were necessary; so that the reli gious element could not be entirely excluded. It was well to look at the matter in all its aspects. His own opinion, however, was that there should be no special representative of the Union on these occasions. Mr. G. Scbymgoub, sen., said there were two questions involved—one as to the future, and the other as to the past. They should express regret that such a course had been takes, and then decide what action should be taken for the future. The Chairman said Mr. Stow's resolution would be quite unnecessary. As Chairman of the Congregational Union, or in any other capacity, he had never attended levees, and he never intended to do so. (Cheers.) His decided •pinion as to what was involved in indepen dency prevented him attending in a religious capacity. If the Congregational Union wanted a representative at the Governor's levee, they must find some one else. The motion made by Mr. Cox was then put and carried. The Hon. A. Stow thought, notwithstanding Mr. Manthorpe's remarks, it would be well to pus a resolution to the effect —"That it is desirable that the Chairman of the Union should not attend the levee on the Queen's Birthday as the representative of the Congrega tional Union of this colony." The Rev. E. Griffiths seconded. The Bey. J. Jefferis should look upon that as rather insulting after what Mr. Manthorpe had said. The Bey. Mr. Habcus thought Mr. Stow's motion premature, because the Governor might yield to their wishes, and remove the invidious ness complained of. The Key. Mr. Jefferis could not anticipate the publication again of such a list as that last year. The Chairman said in 1563 he was Chairman of the Union, and did not attend. Some one at the time asked why he did not, and he replied, >ecsusa he did not receive an invitation, and if he had he should have respectfully declined, and he did not think he had any business to go there as a religious man. After some further remarks, Mr. Stow with drew his proposition. SPIRITUAX, CONDITION OF THE CHURCHES. The Bey. Mr. Wilson's paper on this subject was deferred till the evening. LUNCHEON. The members of the Union adjourned at 3 o'clock to the Befreshment Boom, Town Hall, to partake of luncheon. After luncheon the remaining business was brought on. DEPUTATION TO THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The Chairman and the Bey. F. W. Cox were appointed a deputation to the Baptist Associa tion. THE PERMISSIVE LIQUOR LAW. The Chairman read the following memo rial:— " To the Chairman, the ministers, and mem bers of the Congregational Union of South Australia assembled in their annual meet ing in Adelaide, May 2, 187 L " Key. and dear Sirs—On behalf of the South Australian Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope Union, having numerous branches throughout the colony, and which are steadily increasing in numbers, we feel warranted in saying that we are joined by a large number of our fellow-colonists in our earnest desire that : Legislative interference should be applied with energy and vigor to remedyand abate the power ful inducement and encouragement given to in toxication and all its attendant evils by the present indiscriminating system of licensing houses for the sale of liquors without suffi ciently regarding the wants and wishes of the people. "We have watched with intense interest the action takes, by various Christian bodies in this matter both in England and the colonies, and are deep'y thankful for the progress that has been already made, as well as for the rapidly increasing support it meets with from the peonle in all these countries, well aware that it .is'by the voice of numbers uttered in unison, and probably by thatalune, that the benefits sought for will be obtained; but with that most legiti mate power firmly and peaceably exercised, all opposition must give way until the people estab lish their right to judge for themselves what and what number of houses may be required fer their accommodation. "In the interests of humanity, philan throphy, and religion, we would most earnestly implore your prayerful and unprejudiced con sideration to this most important question, and to take suoh steps as will best support the efforts that are being made to remove from amongst the people the curse of intemperance, the greatest impediment to education, to sooial amelioration, and to the moral and Christian well being of tbe people. " We are, &c;, "C. H. Baoot, Patron, "JohnPicktotno, President. "G. W. COLE, Hon. Secretary." " Temperance Hall, North Adelaide. May 1,187 L." Mr. J. M. Dowie moved—" That this meeting has sympathy with the object of the Tem perance League, and would rejoice in the Homes of Parliament passing a Bill granting to the people the right to determine whether public houses for the sale of strong drink shall exist in their midst or not." He said the object of the memorial was simply to ask the |Union to use their influence as Christian men anil legislators to secure to the people the right to say whether there should be public-houses in a, district or not. This was not a request that they would ask the Parliament to make men total abstainers by Act of Parliament, but simply a request for a righteous power to be given to the people. He remarked that the subject bad been favorably received by the I Wesleyan Conference, and the Baptist and ' Congregational Unions, so that it was not a. Utopian idea to ask the Congregational Union to deal with the question. Mr. Hensy Kelly seconded the motion, dwelling upon the great evil caused by the licensing of public-houses in many parts of the colony. Sometimes they were licensed just out side townships, and near places of worship, and became sources of much evil. The' Bey. Mr. Kvan asked if what was re quired was the Permissive Liquor Law ? Mr. J. M. Dowie said that was the object. The object of the Permissive Bill, as introduced to the Commons, by Sir Wilfred Lawson, would net take effect in any locality until the people of a certain district declared, on a given day, by a majority of two-thirds, that the Act should come into effect. It remained power less on the Statute Book until 10 or 20 men applied to the Mayor to take the votes. The Mayor was then bound to distribute voting papers, and the ratepiyers must mark each " yes" or " no." Then the papers were col lected, and if theie was a majority of two thirds in favor, the measure became law in that district; but in no other district until another district saw fit to apply it. The Bey. D. Milne cordially supported the motion, being aware that public-houses in many parts of the country were a great evil. In his neighborhood—Lacepede Bay—which was an insignificant place, there were three hotels, although they had only been able just now to erect one house tor the worship of God. Unless this thing was stopped it would increase to an enormity; and if the people of Kingston had the right of expressing an opinion, they would have objected to one, if not two, of the houses. Tins memorial did not compel any man to ab stain from intoxicating drinks; but it only sought to exercise a restrictive power over those persons who seemed to delight in bringing ruin and destruction into happy neighborhoods. The Key, H. Cbiethah heartily supported the motion, as he believed a great deal of evil would be prevented thereby. The motion was carried nem. con. Mr. Pickering thanked the Union for the recognition they had given to the memorial, and for the resolution they had passe>L COUBCILS OF nEFEBKNCE. Owing to the latentss of the huur, the Eev. Mr. Gibson's paper on this subject was post poned. THANKS TO THE CHAIRMAN. Mr. Hat, 11.P., moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman for his able presidency. He ex pressed his pleasure at his restoration to a fair measure of health, and prayed God that he might long be spared to be a useful minister of the Gospel of Christ^ Mr. W. C. Boik seconded iv a few kind re marks, and the vote was carried with acclama tion. The CHAIBMAN was much obliged to them for this vote. He was glad to be there. There was a time when he did not expect ever to be with them again. He was thankful to be present that day, but he hoped it would be a loug time before they asked him to be Chairman again. The meeting then concluded. 