MY ADVENTURES AND RESEARCHES IN 1 THE PACIFIC. [By a Master Mabxneo.] 1 BAKAHAKOA AND ITS PEOPLE. (OONTDOJED.) I They have got a church at this place, on the building of which they have exhibited an amonnt of industry, ingenuity, and perseverance,' which reflects upon them the highest praise. Few would readily believe that such a structure oould have been, erected by a Bmall community shut out from contact with the world, and a tew years ago were naked savages, never having seen a white man. I do not by any means exaggerate when I say that their place of worship would be regarded as a credit to the inhabitants of any European or Australian village ; and when we consider that they built it entirely themselves, with no assistance and instruction but that of their native teacher, it may be justly btyled a monument of barbarian intelli gence. It stands in the middle of an open space cf about half an acre, laid with fine gravel, and sur rounded by a neat stone wall, with gateways facing the four cardinal points. The size of the building is about eighty feet by thirty-five. The walls are twenty-five feet high, three feet thick, plastered per fectly smooth with snow-white coral lime. The doors and windows are lofty — tbe woodwork most excellent — specially the fanlights over the Venetian blinds which fill up the round archeB, being each carved of a diverse pattern by the hands of different workmen. The postB which support the roof are masts of wrecked ships, purchased and brou^bl^from a neighbouring island. The great roof is a marvel of lightness, neatness, and strength. The floor was made of a mixture of ashes and lime ; it is lerel and hard as marble. There were used in making it no less than 300 barrels of wood ashes. The seate are covered with fine matB made for the purpose. There are two large stalls enclosed in ornamented lattices, inlaid with mother-of-pearl. These belong to the household of the king and of the teachers. The pulpit is of considerable height, supported on the top of a tall octagonal stone, finely cut, and is reached by a stair with carved railings. _ It is of dark coloured polished wood, decorated with pearl as thick us it was possible to inlay it ; round the reading desk are deep heavy fringeB of scarlet mat. The altar iB in like manner of dark wood and pearl. The cem munion service is of solid silver, consisting of a large salver, a chalice, and an ewer about fifteen inches high ; they are handsomely chased on the outside, and gilt within. They were taken out of a wreck, and were purchased by these natives, from a trader, for 250 dollars in beche-de-mer and other produce of their island. The building and adornment of this church was entirely a labour of good will — no one was forced by law, or coerced in any manner to assist (as has been the case upon so many converted islands). King, teachers, and people, alike shared the task, and the heads of each household took upon themselves, in rotation, the charge of providing the food of the artificers. All the inhabitants attend at leaBt once every Bun day, though there is no compulsion. They are clean and well dressed; their clothing is of their own make, of cotton stuff of divers colours (which they buy from traders), and very fine palm-leaf hHts (which they make in great quantity and sell to traders at one dollar each). Some are still attired altogether in mats, the outer ones of the form of mantleB or Mexican ponchoB ; they look well, being worked in patterns of scarlet and yellow, and are likewise . valuable. The old men wear cloaks of scarlet baize, ! and carry walking BtaveB tipped with whaleB* teeth. , The costume of tho teacher is decent, but the cut of | his garments antiquated, his clothing seeming to ; have descended to him from some defunct evangelist of the last century — a black coat with an enormous high collar, a waistcoat with flapB turning back to the shoulders, and a ruffled shirt, with his smooth ' Bhaven, strongly-marked features, and coal-black hair, and hiB earnest attitude when in the pulpit, used to remind me of the portraits of Maximilian Robespierre. The Bervice iB very simple, but impres sive; they have no responses, the teacher alone speaking. The singing is atrocious, and might, with advantage, be dispensed with, if it were not that the people, especially th6 youngsters, seem to take exceeding great pleasure in it. The prayere'of the teacher are short and appropriate, generally in the same words. Do beginB with a thanksgiving for the preservation of their lives, for the bounty of God's providence in bestowing upon them abundance of food, and of all things necessary to comfort and happiness— specially for the light of His Gospel and the promises of salvation — for present quiet, and for the hope of that peace which is everlasting. He then proceeds to prayfor continued security; for the blessing of the Almighty upon the households ; for the safety and prOB. erity of Buch of the community as may be absent in other lauds (naming the several places in which they are knowr. to be); for the safety o: snips ; lor an mariners ; ana suca lib may uo uu mo , Beus ; fur all such BtrangerB as may have befriended them (the Itakahangans), or in any way shown j kindness to any of their people ; for their fellow- , Chiislians of PulyneBia ; for tho success of missions wheresoever established ; for all heathens in whatso- , ever lands ; concluding with the expression of an earnest hope that it might please God to hasten the day when the knowledge of himself shall covcr tho earth as the waters cover tbe sea. His preaching is well adapted to the understanding of his people, plain, sensible, and without super fluous words. One of his favourite subjects is ' persistent industry,' of which he is in his own person a most notable example. He enlarges upon the sin of indolence, the holiness and respectability of honeBt labour ; he holds to the axiom that 'Satan finds Borne mischief still for idle hands to do.' His cry is, Work ! work ! ' See what work has done for \ ou ; look at this beautiful church, and that large j school ; look at your village of nice houses ; look at your good clothes and furniture, your boats and nets, aud cultivated grounds. What has got you all this, but work, honest work ? Be not covetous, but sell your oil and your mats, and what you have, for a just and fair payment, so that ye may have abun dance and live comfortably all your days, and grow fat, and be thankful to God. Ye who are young and strong go with good white captains to other lands, and work and come home, and bring with you wherewith to stock you house holds, and to clothe your old and helpless relatives. Ye who stay at home, cultivate the ground, bo that yo have great store of food, and put the surplus thereof in your boats, and carry it to the people of Manihiki (who are Btarving most part of the year). Give it to them, that they may thank you and Almighty God, for putting it in your hearts to do them good.' If there be any white m- n present, they sit b'eside the king ; and it is the custom at the clofe of the service for the teacher and the old men to come and shake hands with them one by one before they leave their seats. At a short distance from the village is the grave yard. The tombs are of stone and lime, with walks between. Among them are two graves of strangers, white men who were landed from whaleships to be buried on shore ; upon the restiug places of these unknown wanderers the islanders have bestowed the Bame care as upon those of their own relatives. Here is no vile superstition of demons and ghosts; a Bakahangnn v ill Bit among the tombs in tbe moonlight, and tell you the names of those who are there buried. The teacher has a good house, but he does not make a restaurant or a stew of it, ae so many of his class are in the habit of doing. Traders commonly lodge with the king. But if a stranger visit Tairi, he is always ready with a roast fowl and a cake of baked arrowroot, always desirous to render any honest service without hint of recom pense. Thero iB no perfume of bullweed in his domicile, no reprobateB may lounge about his door ; he is honest, kindly, and void of greed. Faults he has undoubtedly, and some grave ones, such as are bred in the bone of the Polynesia, and can never be eradicated as long as their race continues to inhabit the earth; but if the London Missionary Society could have secured the services of more teachers like Tairi, the social and moral condition of many of the islands of the Pacific, converted ( f) by their agency, would be such aB ordinarily well-meaning men of the world might contemplate with pleasure and catisfaction, instead of, as is too generally the ca6c, with ridicule and disgust. K'.That his position is comfortable he is indebted to his own industry ; he traneocts no business (except to sell the oil himself and his wife make). He receives no percentage from traders, he takes no fees, he imposes no tax or tithe, no share is paid to him of fines, or property sequestrated by offenders against the laws, and yet he is never in want. The people gave him a piece of land, upon which he labours persistently ; they helped him to build a house and canoe, as they did for every neighbour. He catches hiB own fiBh ; be digs his own roots._ He is the hardest working man on the itle ; and it is the pride of himself and hiB wife that they have never been chargeable to any one. He does not meddle with legislation, but if the people ask his advice he gives it according to his lights. There are no written laws on tbe land, but they are known and understood by the people. There are no corporal punishments in force here, i beyond that of Borne persons being required to carry sand to fill holes in- the public street. Breach of good morals is punished by a fine of the value from one to five 'dollars in cocoanuts, or mats ; offences of this kind are common : it is the unconquerable frailty of this people ; they can never be made otherwise. The fact of persons of either sex, married or Bingle, being so oonvicted, is not considered any diBgraoe, it is regarded as a joke — legal penalties, excommunication from church, or preachi g of what Sydney Smith was wont to call forty parBon power,' are alike of no avail to keep them straight. One motive which preserves many of them in the right path is the very strong love they bear one toward another. But the law, as applied to this matter, is a mere form; the king judeeB, and the relatives of the convicted parties all joining in a hearty laugh at the discomfiture of the prisoners, while inflicting the fine. In morals they are no worse thin other Polynesian Christian communities, but they are more void of hypocrisy. This island is seldom visited, as it has no pearl, and not much of aught else ; but some small schooners occasional :y visit them from Tahiti, and so the islanders are able to supply themselves with what they require. According to law, every grown man must go out in his turn to catch fish, or must find a substitute. The king is one of the most skilful fisheis. At cer tain times flying-fish are in great plenty, a- d are caueht by torchlight outside of the reef. It is com mon|forthe canoes to come home loaded to the gunwale with these fish, all the surplus of which they dry and sell to traders. When the canoes come home, account is taken of the quantity of the fish therein. If more than sufficient for the family of the men who caught them, th9 balance must be divided among the people. The fish are laid out upon the sand, and before being removed, a man, whose business it is daily to perform this duty, advances, and standing bareheaded returns thanks to God for the great blessing of this abundance of food, and for the preservation of the fishermen from accident or disaster ; certain men then portion out the fiBh. If there be Btrangers on the land, their Bhare iB first allotted. Besides canoea they have about a dozen boatB which they handle with great skill. They are all of their own make, sharp at each end, after the model of a whaleboat. They carry twelve men, besides cargo. They are made with infinite labour of planks, noi; sawed but hewed from tbe cocoanut tree, and stitched together with sinnett. The sewing together of the planks of one boat takes about 1000 fathoms of line. They are Bolunner rigged, the sails of cotton duck of which they carry great press, tbe natives, when at sea, being very fond of 'piling it on.' They are good boatmen, I have been to Bea with them several times in a living gale of wind in small boats, when there'was nothing ior it but to carry on sai 1 and scud for hours before the monstrouB 'combers' which would have swamped us in an instant if any thing had happened to check our speed. In making voyageB between the islands, sometimes many boats go together, making a small fleet. As soon as they are clear of the passage they pull into a line abreast of tho end of the village where their fami lies are watting to see them off. The men of each bo it take off their hatB, and those on the shore do the same. The pil-it of each boat prays in a few words for the protection of God, and for a safe return to their home ; the crew siy, Amen ; then at once let fall and hoist away everything, and elide off into the I deep sea. i These kind of voyages, though constantly under | taken by them, are very perilous, us they have no compass or charts ; do not understand the theory of 1 ocean currents (which are here very strong) ; never ! make any allowance for lee way, and stear only by | the sun and stars. Their boats are leaky, being sewed i with cords and having no pitch ; it takes two men to I bale all the time. The nearest land to them is thirty I miles, which cannot be seen from a boat more than I ten, and, if once they get to leeward, between the j trade-wind and the current, they cannot work back. ! Nevertheless thus ill-provided, they do not fear to ! knock about from island to island, and in this manner ; have they many times visited lands 300 miles away, j and even found their way to the Navigators Ialee. i They are all smokers, both men and women, but the latter are forbidden by law to Bmoke pipes, being 1 restricted to cigarettes of tobacco rolled iu palm leaf. | They are not drunkards, although they have no : law to prevent any of them from buying spirits from , traders if they choose. Very few of them will drink ; any intoxicating liquor, although I have known them to keep bottles of wine and rum for years in their ' chests fjr the 6ole purpose of being able to offer it to any white men who might chance to visit their houses. God be wilh them ! They have fewer vices, and more good qualities than the generality of isolated barbarians, whom the progress of discovery in the nineteenth century has brought into contact vrith civilised man; and of the strange peoples with whom I have had occasion to make acquaintance in the course of many years of wanderings, I do not know any of whom I havo a more loving remembrance 