COUNTRY NEWS. The destruction of a troublesome animal is thus noticed by the Geelong Advertiser:-- " The bull which made the savage attack on Mounted-constable Forbes at a sale-yard at Mount Moriac has received its quietus. To- gether with a large quantity of grazing land in the neighbourhood it was purchased by Dr. Stoddart. Allowed its liberty the animal was not long in showing its vicious propensities, for one day it chased a servant, who, although, an enterprising Irishman not lacking courage, had to seek refuge among the branches of a tree, where he remained for three hours while the bull kept sentry beneath. A few days ago ' Paddy' again met his enemy, and had to seek safety in flight--this time in the parlour of the house. The proprietor thought it was time to despatch the infuriated animal that stormed even his premises, but unluckily, in the excitement of the moment, missed the bull and shot a fine heifer. The next aim, how- ever, was more successful, and the bull was despatched." The Gipps Land Times reports :-" Two young men named respectively William Dodds and James Farley, started from the Moe with the intention of discovering a road to the Stockyard Creek Goldfield. They left on the 6th June, and it is reported, that after having gone part of the way they returned, and then started again. Nothing has been heard of them since. Constable O'Connor started on the 3rd July with the intention of finding them, or their tracks. It is thought by many they could scarcely starve where so much fern tree grows, as it is well known part of that plant is edible, and that unless some accident had happened to them through the flooded state of the creeks or falling timber, there is a probability of their being found alive. One very spirited man named Yeates, in company with Mr. Wm. Robinson, started from Rosedale, in the en- deavour to find a good track to Stockyard Creek. Both the Rosedale and Walhalla people are interested in this undertaking, and have found the explorers in rations to enable them to prosecute the work, as there is no doubt an extensivo gold field is yet to be opened up in this almost unknown country. Stockyard Creek is situated about 43 miles S.S.W. of Rosedale." The prospects of Echuca are thus discussed by the Riverine Herald :--" Nervous citizens are frightened now that there appears some probability of the long- fought for bridge over the Murray becoming an accomplished fact. They argue that the railway to Deniliquin must follow, and that then Echuca will degenerate into an insignificant village. We confess we are not in a particular hurry to see the Deniliquin railway constructed, but we nare sure that our neighbours of the City of the Plains will have to agitate for their railway for a long time before they get it, and when they do get it, as we will admit some day they must, the Sydney Government won't let it stop there. Once the iron horse penetrates to Deniliquin, it will soon push its way to meet the line which is gradually coming south from the metropolis of New South Wales. Echuca has not benefited by the railway from Sandhurst to the extent it was anticipated, nor will she suffer by its extension--when it is extended--in the degree that is feared. Situated on the Murray, at the nearest point to Melbourne, surrounded by a magnificent vine-growing country, and a country that only awaits the development of a proper irrigation scheme to be a very paradise for farmers, and a country, moreover, holding out inducements as a site for manufacturers second to none in the colonies, Echuca can never become an insignificant village. Rail- way extension may for a little while check our progress, but nothing more, and we must educate ourselves to make use of our natural advantages, and to depend upon something more substantial for our existence than the knocking down of cheques by teamsters." A Mr. Rochlitz, at one time a resident of Beechworth, where he was known as a photo- grapher, has come out in a new capacity in England, and sends to a Beechworth paper the following rather curious card :—"Julius Albert Rochlitz, formerly Captain of the Hun- garian General Staff, naturalised British sub- ject, resident in England since 1850, desirous to establish in England a superior reform Educational National Institute, respectfully solicits high patronage, and offers the experi- ence of 35 years in Education (for which he prepared himself in the Protestant College of Epertes, and the Polytechnical University of Vienna for Civil Engineers, Architects, and Mechanics, during 17 years) in the following Sciences and Accomplishments :—English, Latin, Greek, French, Italian, German, Hun- garian ; perspective drawing, lineal, free- hand, and in colours ; elementary and higher mathematics, geometry, trigonometry, and analysis ; physical, astronomical, and political geography (maps) ; history, universal and special; mechanics, survey, and levelling; building and architecture ; astronomy ; mili- tary engineering (for pioneers, sappers, and miners); technology; zoology; chemistry; physiology ; psychology : logic ; moral philo- sophy ; metaphysics ; botany ; mineralogy ; theology ; law sciences (foreign series) ; calli- graphy ; theory of music, piano, harmonium, singing, verification, &c.; Every science com- menced ab ovo. Highest references and tes- timonials. Methods pleasing, original, and successful even with plucked pupils. Terms : —To the titled aristocracy, 10s 6d. the lesson (one hour) ; to the plutocracy, 7s. 6d. ; to the public, 5s. ; to schools, 2s. 6d. and mileage. 135 Great College-street, Camden Town, London, N. W., 11th May, 1871." The local correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes :--" Time, instead of lessening belief in the Burnt-bridge ghost, has rather intensified that feeling, and this is particu- larly true of one of the party from Lal Lal that visited the haunted house. This person is so imbued with fear ever since, that he is almost prostrate. On Friday night a crowd gathered around him in his dwelling, to hear his version of the adventure, when, from some cause, the visitors unceremoniously rushed out. Finding himself thus left the sole occupant of the house, he hastily snatched up a blanket, but in his excessive confusion and hurry left his hat and boots behind, and applied all available speed in making his escape to my house, distant about 60 yards, and pitifully implored admittance. He said he must have tra- velled the distance in 13 bounds, so great was his terror, and he seriously congratulated himself on his good fortune in not coming bump against a tree. Just fancy a man about 45 years of age, and about 6ft. 6in. high, with hair standing on end, barefooted and bare- headed, clearing huge logs and other obstruc tions as if the arch- fiend himself were at his heels, from sheer terror from a ghost, and you have a faithful picture of the man on Friday night. At Clarendon, a party of men of undoubted bravery is organising to challenge the ghost at his haunt, and they propose to furnish themselves with firearms in case of meeting tangible resistance. Should the scheme be carried out, I may have to tell you before long of more converts to the new faith." A case of coining has occurred in the Woodend district, where a man named Patrick Sweeney was arrested, charged with having coining implements in his possession. It seemed from the evidence, as reported in the Kyneton Observer, that the prisoner went to the house of Mr. Purvis, farmer, Newham, and asked for work. He then (said Mr. Purvis in his evidence) asked witness to come under the verandah of the house, and when there pulled two dies (produced) from his breast-pocket, and said he would make any amount of money for witness, if he would find the material, saying that he could make a thousand pounds worth of shillings and pass them in the bank himself without being de- tected. Witness, upon hearing this, ordered him out of the place ; and though he learned that he stayed about half an hour afterwards, did not see him again until he was in custody. Prisoner was brought to his place in the cus- tody of Mounted-constable King, who asked him where the dies he had shown to witness were concealed, when prisonor replied that he could make him another pair in five minutes for 2s. 6d. Prisoner was arrested by Constable King at the farm of Mr. M'Gregor. The constable searched prisoner, and found 2s. (produced) in his pockets. King asked the prisoner where the implements were that he had used to make the coins, and he re- plied that he had none. King conducted his prisoner to Woodend, and having locked him up, returned to Mr. M'Gregor's, at Carlsruhe but was unable to find anything that night. He went again on the following day, and made a search in the barn and paddock, assisted by Mr. M'Gregor, without success, but after Mr. M'Gregor had gone to his dinner he found the implements (produced), viz., two sets of dies, a wooden modelling box, some white metal, resin, acid, and a ladle, in the paddock about 10 yards from the barn, concealed in a heap of straw. He laid one of the shillings on the dies, and it fitted perfectly. Mr. Hunter Greaves, chemist and druggist, producing some nitric acid and nitrate of silver, sub- jected the coins found upon prisoner to a chemical test, but did not succeed in detect- ing anything of a counterfeit nature in their composition. Inspector Sadler at this stage of the examinination asked for an adjourn- ment, and the prisoner was accordingly re- manded until Monday, 17th July, 