ENIGMA. Though torn 111,the mountains J do net remain 1 for I shun the bard rocksso barren and sfceepj Andsighforthe meadows where calmly I sleep. Hen sometimes, lown, turn me out of my bed, ~ And compel me . to labour to get them their Bod* if rashly confined, in my toy I rise; " They must look to me well, .for their power I Iiet ine once break my bondsl rush forth in my ■ ijnigKt,'1" - " Andthe bravest before me will fly in affright. In the wilds of the North I may sometimes be "Where the gumtree grows tall and the herbage is green; • Bidllkethoughtless explorers my fate I defy -And oft wander, away in the desert to die; Andtherevby the bushman my track maybe • -found, Where -faint and exhausted I've sunk to the ground. The ses, too is often a foe to my life, Yet Fro crossed the Atlantic unscathed by the ■ .-strife, ■. j Of themOTciless billows that savagely rolled 3\>icrush the "warm life from my heart with their cold. ' ,■ ' Here v^^gbld in my lap^ there with nothing to. , - - show,, Now a-vaan shallow babbler, now calm and pro-; found. Now-unknown,- and again through all countries renowned, ' m Since. thB days of creation I've wandered about, And . from; what I have said you can guess me no doubt. ' ■ Yon know, me now, I see.it well; But still there's something more to tell; for take the fetters of my name And inariy a word 'from them you'll frame. The .bench besidea cottage door; The'waters breaking on our shore; Thespartbat bears aloft the sails; Thei:pbwer that brings our monthly mails; The sldpper-pacing to and fro; And he that's next in ra,nk below, "Vyith ell the pailors lithe and bold; . And e'en the creatures in the hold; The sty le all well-manned ships display; The Imp that guides them on their way, . And what 'tis said.to be by day; The food that most renews man's pith, And what he daily does therewith; A flowerthat came from China first; A lto in that same country nursed; The place where we that leaf may buy; Ahandy thing one's boots to dry; What three and two can never be; A Greek avenging deity; Wbatru.de men drive with language coarse; A four-legged creature like a horse; Another, somewhat like a sheep; The drops that'foolish children weep; k Wbatrsuch drops do to dirty faces; "Whatneople use in close embraces; "What little girls should sew so neat; What Satan sowed among the wheat; What branding irons do when hot; - What every paper-seller's got; The things of which each ass can boast; What I should do to see a ghost; What ghosts and I have never done; What victors offer when they've-won; Wbat a caged tiger chiefly fears; ' The series of our Christian years; The takes levied in the town; What gives the painter his renown; Two portions of the verb to be; AHlhese within my name you'll see. J- EL C. 