SEE BIDNA KEN HER SON. IN arise post town among the Highlands, as I Scotland. far away from any gtwo ty, there widow, with one son, the youngest and last of Sh was poor and her industry was taxed to and was pou uno, clever efforts education be ardently desired At the early age of sixteen, Malcolm Anderson reach ed to seek his fortune in the wide SW and became " BUller. ^0,mud0 several voyages to India and China, and always like Toogood boy he was brought some useful mesen! home to his mother, to whom he gave a a large portion of his earnings. But he never liked a seafaring life, though he grew strong and stalwart in it, and when about nineteen he obtained a position in a large mercantile house in Calcium, where being shrewd, enterprising and honest, like most of his country men, he gradually rose to a place of trust and importance, and finally to a partnership Aanis fortune improved he remitted money) to his mother, to secure her the old cottage home, repaired and enlarged with a garden and lawn , oud placed at her command annually a sum sufficient to meet all her wants, and to pay the wages of a faithful servant, or rather companion for the brisk, independent old 1 lady stoutly refused to be seen ed by aL) oue. Entangled in business cares, Mr Anderson never found time and freedom for a voyage and a visit home, till at last lal ling health and the scene stay of educating his children compelled him to abruptly wind up his affairs The return to Scotland. He was then a man somewhat over forty, but looking far older than his years, showing all the usual sheets of the trying chained of india. He was grey and some that bald, with here and there a clash of while in his dark auburn beard, was then, a little bent, but his youthful duiiIo remained full of quiet drollery, and his eye had not lost its old and tuneful sparkle by poring over ledgers and counting rupees. He has carried a country woman, the daughter of a surgeon, and had two children, a son and a daughter. He did not write to his good mother that he was coming home, as he wished to surprise her, and test her memory of her sailor boy. the boy age was made in safety. One summer afternoon Air. Malcolm Anderson arrived with his family at visualise town. Putting up at a little but, he proceeded to dress himself in a suitor Bailor clothes, and then walked out alone by a by path he well know, and then through a shady lane, dear to his putting days all unchanged, The approached his mother's cottage. He stopped for a moment on the lawn outside to curb upon the heart that was bound- ing to meet that mother, and clear his eyes of a little mist of tears. Through the open window be caught a glimpse of tier sitting alone at the primus wheel, as in the old time. But alas ' how changed ' Rowed was the dear old town, once so erect, and silvered the locks to brown, and dimmed the eyes once so full of tender brightness, like dew strained violets, but the voice, with which she was crossing softly to herself, was still! sweet, and there on her knees. the same lovely peach bloom of twenty years before. At length he knocked, and the dear remembered voice called to him Coum become in. the widow rose at sight of the stranger and courteously offered him a chair. thanking her in an assumed voice somewhat grey!, he sank down, as though weaned, saying he was a wayfarer, stranger to the country, and asked the way to the next town, The twilight labored him in his little ruse, he saw that she did not recognise him even as one she had ever known. But after giving him the information he desired, she asked him if he were a Scotchman by birth. " i es, madame," he replied, " bull have been away in foreign parts many years. I doubt if my own mother would know me now, though she was very fond of me before I went to sea.'' "Ah, mum' it's little ye ken about gathers that ye think she. I can tell you there is no mortal memory like theirs, the widow somewhat warmly replied, then added, "and where have ye lost the scotch true your speech I ' "in India in Calcutta, madame." "Ay, then it's likely yoked something of my ""îrAudereoîrP,vrepeated the visitor, as though striving to remember. " There are many of that name 111 calcutta, but is your son a merchant! a man about my age and size, hills something such a figure head r"' " My son is a rich merchant," replied the widow proudly, " but he is youugorthauyou by many a long year, and, begging your pardon, bit, far bomber. He is tall and straight, wl hands and feet like a lassie ¡ he has brown, curling hair, was thick and glossy ! and cheeks like the rose, and a brow like the snow, and big blue car, with' a glint in them, like the light of the evening star. "is as you are a gude enough laddie, I dinna doubt, and a decent woman's son, but you no like mine " Here the masquerading merchant, considers all) taken down, made a movement as though to leave, but the hospitable dame stayed him, saying, the yo hue travelled a' the way free India, ye mane be tired and hungry. Bide a bit, and eat and drink with' us. Margery, come down, and let us set out the supper." The two women soon prepared quite a tempting repast, and all three sat down to it, Mrs. Anderson reverently asking a blessing. But the merchant could not cut. He was only hungry for his mother's kiss, only thirsty for her joy in recognition, yet he could not bring himself to Boy to here's am your son." He asked himself, half grieved, half amused, " Where the unerring natural instincts I have read about in novels i ' Bia hostess seeing he did not eat, kindly asked if he could suggest anything he would be likely to relish. " I thank you, machine," he answered, " it does seem to me that I should like some oatmeal porridge, such as my mother need to make, it so be you have any." "Coradgery" repeated the widow. "Ah, no means parents. J. us, who have a little left for our breakfast. Give it to him, Margery. But, man, it's could." " Never mind, I know I shall like it," he rejoined, taking the boat, and beginning to stir the porridge with his spoon. As he did so Mrs. Anderson gave a start, and beat eagerly toward him, and she sank back in her chair with a sigh, saying in answer to his questioning look, to minded me my Mulcom, there just in that way he used to stir his part itch giong in a whirl and a dirt. Ah! gin ye were my poor hiddle r"' " Well, then, gin I were Malcolm," said the merchants, speaking for the first time in the | Scottish dm cent, and 111 his own notes I origin yer laddie wore grey, and bent and as old as I can, could you welcome back to your arms and love horses but rule by ? Could suffer.' All through this touching his speech the Widow a eyes I, 1 seen glistening and her breath COtniug fell 1 but at that word "milliner," she sprung up and " or), loitering t" her son, fell almost faint., g on his breast. He kissed her kissed her brow, "and her 1.,,,. and her hands and the big Inns did down his bronzed cheeks While Bho cluny about his milk and called him by all the dear old pit tennis, and tried to see it in the dear young looks By and by they came back, 01 like ghosts of them came back 'The form 111 hu embrace (even sounder, love and joy guns it 11 Bie and youth, Butel) and gracious, The first blow then and there buried dead]) in his hunt, 11 (but, beautiful, pit collar liquor). It was 11 illumine list of told me renuncia- tion, in which she gave me (so fond continual illusion she had du mind and Jong Hu It look me up ruddy lily into the fun of the middle aged man who died within the place, she said . "Winds but he left the rails and run in H" At the inn mother. Hutton room for us at the outtuguP" "July 4 I am 1 -Ina gold upon) rooms He' large cruiser, and At, last we' Juten I line boon I Bulmung 01 Young a' claim laug y ears for by 0 1 belts and tin 5 1 nun " " V ill, mouth I, can, now you must rest," loomed 11 0 min 11 ml, tenderly "No, on, 1 theatre came to rest till you lay me down to take my long rest. There'll be time enough between that day and the Resurrection to fauld my idleness. Now would-be Lucock some. But go me you and bring racehorse. I hope I shall like her and the bairns, I hope they will like me." I have only to say that both the good woman s hopes were realised. A very happy family knelt down in prayer that night, and many nights after in the widow's cottage, whose climbing roses and woodbine were but outward signs and types of the sweetness and blessedness of the peace and love within. a 