AGAINST WIND AND TIDE. BY IIOLME 'LEE. SCHAPTER XXI. Fr.Lror and Lola had a new theme for their confidences now; that is, Lola had. They woro glad when the drive was' over, that they might get together again to.talk about Cyrus. -"!Is he not beautiful? Has he not fire and spirit ?" demanded Lola, proudly. "Did I not tell you what - a prineo he was?" Felicie murmured, '" yes,"' and picked M. do Montcontour's flowers to bits absently.'." He is to return this even^ 7: we shall, see him again! Stay, Felioie!'I 'vill read you'some of his. poetry; '.- and Lola sped off to her '6oom and brought the little grey volume,. wl?lh was the first blossom of Cyrus Haw thorne Nugent's muse., .. The two girls had been: walking in the allde,- dank and cold ;.but when Lola came back with the book, she announced that the adieulo was empty, and that there was a good fire: should they go there? . And Felicid being very willing, they passed through the conservatory and took possession of Lady Nugent's quarters. Lola deposited herself. upon the snowy mat on the stove, leaning -ier elbow upon'a low chair, and holding-the book in her lap, while Feliio. coiled herself luxuriously amongst the cushions of one of thecrimson couches, and boent an intent face towards the reader. She had a very imper feet knowledge of English, but the musical flow of the lines through Lola's liquid voice pleased her sense of sound, and some of the sentiments penetrated -beyond her ears; she noticed and commented on one fact pre sently. ,.: . : '" All the women in his verses are fair and have blue eyes," said she; " blue eyes and hair-like threads of burnished gold.',. . . Lola' looked up at her. friend, quickly, then down, again 'at her book. ' '. And yet'he says, ;' fair and false,' " re plied she solemnly; "but that was written before-long before; it was a prophecy, then."'.' "What nonsense are you talking, Lola,? '-Fair and false is a proverb, ..said Felicie, laughing.. t You. do not know; you do not under stand." "Then tell me; explain,-quick !" Lola took no notice of;this impatient ad-. juration ; she was murmuring over to her self certain :lines on. the subject of love, which, naturally enough, were a puzzle to her.., Suddenly lifting up her face, she eyed Felicie for. a moment or two very intently, and then said- - ; - " Felicie, do you love -M. de: Montcon tour?" . :. Felioie laughed, and replied frankly, UNo.".a S"Then-why do you marry liim?i , Do you expect that you shall be happy? " " What do I know about it ?"' said Felicie, impatiently.- ".1 come out of my convent and am told there is M. do Mlontcontour there is myffutur. What can I do? These things are arranged for us; no one asks us whether we like our fate or not.'.' . ' \- "I w?ould -not be arranged for-L-would choose,"' replied Lola,- with a gesture of her head which signified revolt., " Felioie, if you were fond of any one else, would you marry M. de Montcontour then.?" .. "I suppose I should, Lola," .was the rather \--triste answer. . . . . ",I f you were fond of-if you, had such a lover as-as OCyrus ? "- . Felicie:; stirred., uneasily amongst her eushione, and said, '" Lola, you are a child, and do. not -know what you' are talking about." - . - . "And I am sure, Felicie, you dont either. Look at.M.;de Montcontour's flowers."- . - SFelicie glanced at the relics of her lover's gift and. laughed. ', - - -'.' Gather theni up, and, throw them into the fire, Lola.-'- 0 ! -I . am tired.'" .. She; stretched: her -arms above her :pretty head wearily, yawned, laughed,again, and wished herself back in her-convent almost.. . Just at 'this 'juncture Lady Nugent came in, beautifully dressed for 'dinner, in greeno velvet, and with a soft swan's-down tippet over her shoulders. '!.Idle children," cried she;. "-lazy loungers ! " and then she dropped upon the couch by Felicie, and let that tasteful damsel rearrange the ornaments she wore in her hair. Felicio was a very caressing girl; she. had a lpleasure in touching and petting any person whom she loved, and she loved Phyllis, who had -always shqwn herself in dulgent for her more than any out ofher convent.- She loved her more than., Lola.; and Lola, who suspected it, was jealous of these caresses. . SLady Leigh entered,-and sent Lola away to her tea, and admonished Felicie that she Swould be late for dinner, if she did not go land dress at once. .. "What shall I wear?" whisperedi the young' lady to Phyllis; "rose, blue, or blanc?" ' ",iWhat does it matter, 'ma mio 'M do; Montcontour is not coming," replied Lady Nugent. ' ' ; Felicie started away with a rather guilty: cheek; perhaps she was not thinking of M. de Mfontcontour just then. She arrayed her self all, in white, pure as a lily, and went to Mistress Hilton's room, where Lola had her ten with the waiting- woman. " " You have made yourself beautiful, Felicie-beautiful as a princess! " cried the. child, ardently. "0 ! I wish I were like youl" '"Princes and princesses, Lola I you use royal words to-day. Your friend Oyrus is a prince and I am a princess! and What are you? la ~etite Cendrell :,e?" Felicie, with one of her slender white hands, gave some of.Lola's dishevelled hnir a rather contemptuous toss over her face, anid then stooped down and kissed away the vexed fold from her swarthy face. Lola sat very quiet when she was gone, until Mistress Hilton had finished lier lengthy tea;- then she- crouched -,down in her favourito attitude bafore the ostove and stared into the red embers, dimlyedream lng all the time. , "Why do you press your hand over -your heart, Miss Lola?; It is such a strange ac tioe for a child,?' said the waiting- womai, kin a? eOoften'a pain there, Hilton"-. . " Don't -think-about it, and' it will go away. Ar's-you --going into the stloi to night? "''. , " Yes." "Thencomon siad leot mo dress you." . Lola yielded lierself up reluctantly, and while.Mistress Hilton was plaiting her coarse hair before theglass, she asked her "Hilton, do you think fair woman or dark women the most beautiful?" " 0! Miss Lola, fair woman, to be sure. Look what a great beauty young Lady Nu gent is, uand her skin is as white as milk; and Mam'sollo Folicie is ahlmost as fair as if she were covered with pearl-powdor, though she never touches anything of the kind." "And Lilian was fair too ?" " Yes; Miss Lilian was like nothing so much as the sweet lilios of the valley in our gardon at Walton." Lola was silent for a fow minutes,; looking at her own darkface. " And what am I lilke, Hilton?" ".she asked, presently; "You tare as brown as a nut; wwhy, Miss'Lola, you're no beauty at all:! " Was the reply, rather ungracious, it maiy be owned. A few burning tears swelled into Lola's great black eyes, but she did not let them fall; and when Mistress Hilton had finished dressing her, instead of going down to the salos she irosumed her place before the stove. Somne people's thoughts flow naturally iuto words, Lola's flowed into music; and very soon shie began to sing some little canzoanots of a rathiermournful cadence, still pressing her hand over her heart. Mistress Hilton's dry old voice tried to chime into the tune now and then. " Hilton, do you love me ? " the child asked, suddenly. "Yes, Miss Lola, I like you well enough; you are better than you were, but are a vast deal of trouble still," said Hilton, coolly." ' "Nobody loves me best-Felicie loves Lady Nugent best and Cyrus loves " ' "Come, come, Miss Lola, don't get jea lons and tease yourself," interrupted the waiting-woman: "I never saw such a child for makinig herself unhappy all along of fancying things., One never knows what you would be at."' "I don't expeot-you to kniow, Hilton; if they cannot understand me, how should you?, " ? The waiting-woiman shrugged her shoulders, and said she wasa 'qieer, uncivil little thing,' and advised" her to go to the salon..', "They will -be coming out from dinner directly, and- in' half-an-hour they'll be off to the opera'or somewhere," said she. "Felicie will not go-I wonder whether Oyrus'will?" ' " " Of course lie will; there, get away, and put off that dolorous 'look. Is the pain gone?" ' " It comes back again when I think of it." "Then don't think of it." . ' Lola had had Oyrus's book in her hand all this time; and, before restoring' it to its place, she kissed it as if it were a sentient thing.. Mistress Hilton said if' she did not see she was' only a bit of a child, she should have'fancieod her love-sick at once. Lola' had the salon to herself for ten mina utes or so, and then the whole party came from the dining-room together; they had been "talking on .some subject that amused them, for they came in laughing, Oyrus and Felicie the merriest of all. Lady Leigh had unbent from her affronted stateliness, and when they rallied round the stove she called the young man to asseat beside her' and bade him talk 'to her, and tell her what'hoe had been about all these two years and more in' Paris. "Let Sir Philip and Lady Nugent go to the play' alone, you, are to stay with me," and she tapped his: hand authoritatively with her fan, a sign that he was in as high favour as ever. "' And Mdlle. ' Felicie?" asked Cyrus; glancing aside at' the 'very pretty flushed young face which was'beading itself affection atelyover Lady Nugont's shoulder. "Felicie goes niowhere" t present; " and thus assured, Cyrus permitted it to be seen that he was very willing to stay;. Sir Philip and Lady Nugent had 'a prior engagement to accompany' the Low there to the first representation of a new comedy, and they presently went off to gether; Lady Leigh also, after listening drowsily for some time to Cyrus's talk began to droop and finally to nod, as her after-din nor custom was,' and then the three young ones had their little whispered colloquy with out reserve. ' ' ' Felicie could not speak or move without a glow rising to her cheek, and her unaccus tomed graces were really 'a precious 'charm to Cyrus.. He thought, ""here is an inno cent girl, beatitiful too,. aind as fresh as a daisy; it is a sacrifice to give:her' to that old roud-a crduel sacrifice ;" iand he threw into Irs voice and manner tdbeguiling interest and flattery which failed not to captivate her imaginatione She 'was rather formal in her replies to him, the conventual atmos phere seeming still to ' weigh down. her natural vivacity; but in the quick turning away of her head, and the shy lowering of lier heavy eyelids, and the slight tremble of her rosy lips, he 'ecognised the early airs with'whichl love ruffles the surface of young hearts and young lives... Het had about the samne degree of interest in observing these" signs as an angler has in playing the fish at thes end of his line -the pastime amused him for the hour, 'but he did. not intend to mako' it a vital pursuit- -except to the un lhappy fish. " "' " 'Lola watched them intently. '.What was there that her intuitive perception did not detesct? , elioie at one momilent, was look ing pleased and happy, when some malicious elf prompted'thb jealous child to offer her one' or two' faided flowers' that had been' spared of 'M. " do Montcontour's" bouquet. Felicie took them absently, but when she daw what they were she cast thenm aside with a gesture of great'impatience. 'OCyrus could not help being amused-he utinderstood: so distinctly what it meant. Cyrus had not mich to say to Lola, and' Lola's' jealousy' iicreasod in proportion as shle felt herself neglected, until lshe became so perverse and" out of temper that she would make a noise and awaken Lady Leigh -an office for -which Felicie did not thank leer.'' "Cyrus, you have been hero long enough go away, wasi her imperative command, almuist as soonsas 'she- roused up to a: sense of what was passing, and ;Cyrus, being for tiee present' rather tired," not 'unwillingly obeyed ' ' Felioie was absorbed and silent when he was gone: What a spur her life had received within the last twenty-fouer. liours I 'She was obliged to conme doirn.'from' dreams" and'to .listen to Lady; Leigh's' remarks on lM. de Miontcoitour, hor trouiisseau;, which was being prepared, and other topics connected nearly or remotely with the event of her approach= ing marriago. Felilei recalled the green walls of her convent, which used to seem so liko a prison, with a sentiment of regret and atffeootion-ahl! she thought, how glad she should be if she could fly once moro to their peaceful shelter ! Lola made her two or threeo cruel little supoeeches when they were again alone-tiny stabs, but so sharp and poisoned that their friendship expired of them that night, and was buried the next moriing under a cairn. of reproaches, violent and bitter. 'Lola hated Felicio with a hate ten timesas strong as the love with which she had loved her; out this transformation is no novelty in feminine experience, and needs, therefore, no more comment. Day by day appeared at Sir Philip Nugent's hotel M. de Monteontour,' making his visits of ceremony. and presenting. his greateostly bouquets to hisfiancle; and day by day also appeared Cyrus, with his gay insoeicanf air, his handsome countenance, and 'his idle flatteries.' There were little knots of Russian violets-not publicly or ostentatiously presented-worn in Felicie's bosom, sunned at Felicie's lips, watered by Felicio's tears, entombed in a relic-box by Felicio's hands, which were the witnesses of low-spoken words, tender vows, tender pal pitations, covert hopes, and covert fears such as strew the paths of hidden love. - It was a cruel game, and. seeing that the victory could but turn one way, I do not like to follow its moves and stratagems very closely. There is something too living and real, something too helpless, in' the quiver of a young maiden's heart lying at the mercy of such a man as Cyrus Hawthorne Nugent for the study to be a very pleasant one. .And at last there came a day when oFelicio flung herself upon her knees before Phyllis, and in a flood of passionate sorrow confessed her love, beseeching her to seek some mode of deliverance for her from that living death to which she was condemned with M.'de dMontcontour. Now Phyllis had discovered that out of every life more or less of. sacrifice is required, and she thought that the time was come for Feliceio to make hers. But she comforted her with caresses. and kind words, and having sought an opportunity of speaking to Oyrus'alone the same day, she said to him- . "Cyrus, you are making nothing but misery here. I want to beg you to go away." Oyrus feigned not to understand her, 'so she asked, a faint colour staining her cheek as she did so, "do you love Felicia? "' He was taken aback for an ristan't. "It is a strange question for you to ask," 're plied lie, gloomily; ," but if it imports to you to know, I never loved but one woman in my life." "Then be generoiis and go. away-I will explain to Sir Philip. We cannot send Felicio home,. without remnark-you will go?" "If you desire it,-yes. ." "It is for Felicie's sake.". "I understand.". If the requisition had been made to him by. any other envoy or in any other form, lihe would have set it at defiance; but,,obedient to Phyllis's lightest word, for the sentiment of the thing and because he had no deep feeling at stake, he went away from Paris without even an attempt to let Feliies know. of. his intentions. He betook himself to the southern provinces, and made an excur sion into Spain, remaining absent two. months, or- more. At first, Felicio we?s stunned' and incredulous; a' truly. loving heart is slow to believe in the utter coldness of its idol; there were long dull hours of misery unchequered with any hope, and agonies of passiondite tears, du~ring which hot-spirited Lola's friendship revived to com fort her. <There were reasonings and rebel lionis, and weariness and hopelessness, and. subjection,'. and finally there was a great. marriage celebrated with great pomp, and beaiutiful. Madame .d Montoontour was launched upon the treacherous tide of. fash ionable life, abouit 'as helpless to resist its adverse currents and sunken rocks as a child's paper boat 'is to resist the sudden gusts of wind which swell theoripples of the stream and engulf it . . " Cyrus Hawthorne Nugent came back and offered his heartless congratulations. with the rest of the little court of Felicie's ad mirers. lHe thought~ he saw traces of tears, and suffering,'and hopelessness in her face, and was tempted to blame. himself, and pity her. ..His.vanity.might be a little flattered by the love he had won and not known how to value;,but when she showed. him a cold reception and seemed to forget all the old passages between them that his. tender manner sought to recall, hlie was piqued and even indignant. His vanity could notbrook such a show of indifference. He aimed at gaining the first.,place amongst her admi rers ; she was singularly lovely, and perhaps what now stood for his affections became entangled at last: it is hard to meddle. with fire and escape.burning. . But Felicie had a safeguard in her own youth and purity, which she would never have found in.the old man' to whom' family convenience had.marriedher, or in the'eocial tone by which.she was surrounded.. Though Cyrus followed her. like: her.shadow,, made her talked about, made LM.:de 'Monteontour furiously joalous, lio, could never again win a smile toher lips.oriany word.but the miost formal and- ceremoniious. ,This frigidity piqued him still more keenly, and: strongth oned the bonds, of his enthralntont ,::,He had,'remonstrances from hisfatishe'r, from Phyllis, from Lady Leigh, he had mailicious inuendos from his friends; but he sliose to 'make himself'a romance of perverse: devo tionand to continue his pursuitt until it. 'be came alhmst aojest. a .. '.I say hothing of Falite'sa tears,; and ago nies,i and 'struggles. before shen was disen chanted; no" doubt they' ideiseas:mournful as such experiences generally' are." ''Failing any:othei triumph, Cyrus was'gratified when' it was one' day' rumoured that' 'Madame-de Monteontour, min broken health and spirits, had retired fromnsociety, and seoluded her-' self.,iu a dismal'chateau of 'her husband'S in Tograine. :' There were a thousand stories and whispers afloat explanatory of.her dis appearance, whieh died 'away in; their own good time.' "'But here Feliois drops out .of our history. altogether, though ashe outlived most of those namedin it. . For theueurious who would like to knew more of her :I inity say that, remaining always in her seclusion,' she brought up' her' one son, the heir ot Monteontour, religiously, grew year by year more devout, more eharitable, moae unceas hng in'.works of mercy,;. striving ly this thoutsaid, sell-denials' of. her daily life to weigh down the balance against her heavy, ropining thoughts, and winning amongst her people the reputationi of a saint. ' Thise little lpisode of her heart-break and his sellishneose is but one stop ins prodigal's progress. OirAPTER XXIr. When Sir Philip Nugent returned to Eng land in the spring, Oyrus came with hint; his debts wore paid a second tints; and Lady Leigh promised him an addi:ion of four hun dred 'pounde to the annual allowance he received from his father if hoe would abandon the clses of associates .who led him into suchli vicious extravagance.. TheO proposition came at a jtincture when the young man was rather boreid and disappointed, so he gave free admission to all compunctious visitings, and expressed' his willingness to 'be re formed. Hitherto it had seemed so out of all likelihood that he would over achieve anything wo'rth'y of his early promeiao, that thoso who had looked on him most coin fidently. and loved him best were obliged to acknowledge that their hopes had issued iiin signal failure. For a few months hlie lived in orderly fashion and studied hard; but so little stability of purpose did hlie possess that no sooner was Lady Leigh safe at Walton Minster, where she could no longer exercise survoillance over his. procoedings, titan Ie began' to play truant from his. booksand desk -as recklessly as over lhe played truant from school at .Chinelyn. Habits of plea sant indulgence are not so easily cast off as in the heat of good resolutions we like' to supposo ; indeed, no sovereign that we can elect to reign over us abdicates more un readily than selfish ease. His present com panions were of a more intellectual turn titan any hie had possessed before; but for tltat wero they only perhaps the more dan geroitus, considering to what ends they ex ercised their mental powers. At this period there was no coherence whatever in the life that :Cyrus led; because, false to his better self in thought, and word, and deed, the indestructible principle within him from time to time made a futile grasping at the shadow of what he-had let elip. One blossom of his thoughtless life set at. tis epoch into the bitter Dead-Sea fruit of infidelity. We have all seen persons prac tically denying by their actions every religious law, who would yet start withtin dignant horror at hearing themselves desig nated infidels by name. But Cyrus.Haw thorne Nugent proudly absolved himself from such a self- deceiving hypocrisy ;'by admitting with spurious candourthat as he could not believe the doctrines of Chris tianity, hlie would not be baeso enough to pro fess even negatively a fiith which hlie had not. He had studied Strauss, he had taken counsel at the lips of Helvetius, and was be come an ehlightenQd man. Away with these fables, which were the swaddling-clothes of infancy and the appropriate 'guides of wvomanish minds! Like others of his kind;' the pupil became more irroverent than his teachers, and proclaimed himself emanci pated when he had just loaded his limbs with the heaviest fetters. We might experience more compassion for his delusions,if, in casting off the law of the gospel, he had more strictly conformed himself to the sensible laws of nature and had lived the life of a conscientious -and moral heathen ; but when the result of his so-called enlightenment was a more course of indolent pleasiure, the fact of htis having any real thought on the matter is laid open to serious doubt. It becomes impossible to class him with those minds, earnest in' their research, honest in their very errors, living by the natural light when they have lost the gutidance of the spiritual light, which are the speooial product of a certain range of intelloo tualcultivation. The alloy.of his mind was: a grosser matter, and sunk him into a lower deep. ' It used once to be considered rather pious than otherwise to lay all our ills of body and estate to God's account-to say that it had pleased Him to visit us with such and such afflictions-iwhereas;, if 'we l had liut: the' courage and sincerity to probe the matter to the quick, we must see that the Almighty wvould need to work a miracle to deliver us from the consequences of our own folly or our own sin. Oyrus had turned his life into a more stage play--a system of tricks, and sham, and glitter, which become sordid trumpery as soon as the lights aresput out. But as the poor actor in the grand scene of the show is liable to be struck with a sud-. den sharp agony whicli he musthide under a smiling face, or a remembrance oftlioe grim realities that await hiin after his part is played, so OCyrus, at every downward'step of his' career, had a check, from the internal voice, and occasionally a short'disgust at the uselessness and aimlessness of,his existence. He had not, however, the clindour toccharge himself with thei guilt which Was 'the source of this depression; far raither 'wvould liehlay.' the blame out the much'-bearisg shoulders of fiate, and take to himself the con'solation'that he was' her-ill-used'butt. . : This mood was only t'oo brief 'and of too rare recurrence. Guy and defiant' by nature, he could 'soon daff it 'asid?e, and pliuige backiinto the oioisy whirlpool, where the voice of conoscience, which is the' ?voice of Gdd, souands but eoldom- ewhere th'e flowers that brighten the banks are flowers, 'of'the deadly nightSiliade,' anid thei feverish glow which is its suitshine ists tho phophorescent light of intorsdal corruptitOnS Robert Hawthorne bad taien hope againt from the insiple fact of his lbrother'sa retuirn to. Engltdd eind ecoincfiliationi ith t Sir ilip' Nugent, 'but a greater and more start 1ng disappointment thisa ever was preipar ing'forhimnil Under preesuire of Robert's en. treaties, aiid 'prlihaps it a dull desperatioin of indifference as to the pain it rigbt inflict, 0y ras sent hinia batch of papers whiclh he told him were the first fruits of hisismanly studie?f Robert 'was ot aI learned maini or a main of even liberel oulture,'but htehad a far-siglited,' c'lear, and acttite mind, 'aid these 'refloetions, essays, and cas'istical treatises on matters of faith and revelation appeared to'liim like so much haizy trash which might be the' pro duct of fever dreamsbit'never of the honeet desire to seek aiid k?oiw the tr?ath. 'Wa may imagine howrhoavould 'iply'to them; 'how,? lookiig to the substasice, he would ignore ite lbrillianice of style in which it weiih dresse': and "the subtle ingenuity of argument' by whiiclth's finely stuccoed ,"rotten, baseless fabric who shored up. The cunning perver sion of intellectual power'. coutl inotdazzle or misleadh his plain uniherstrinding; the truth is homely gatrb "was sos fisniliar to' him thitt showy falsity, flaunting iii many-lued shreds arid patches, was a more triagical' soaroorow, fit only for the following of fools, blind and besotted. There waso, no doubt, seine soverity in his ,oniuonts, though alfoction would cortainly temper any reproof that R'obert might aud dress to his biothor; but Oyrus chose to fool himself aggrieved and undervalued by the remnarks, which loft him not so much as a single foothold for oven his literary vanity. In fact, the summing up of Robort'elopinio. might be comprohended 'in the ono'eoutonco, tlhat the first fruits of his matured mind wore very poor stuff, feeblo as' the babbling of idiocy, and mischievous as the' postiferous malaria of a stagnant mornass. TUrged, perhaps, by his perverse prido; and. willing to convince Robort"thatho could find acceptance for hisa views in'one quarter if not'in another, OCyrus immediately gave him self to the task of collecting his 'desultory pieces into a' connected whole, and then?. of seeking'a publisher who would be 'sensible' of the honour of giving them to the world. In the course of this pursuit he ,moetwith soveral rejections, remonstrancos, and' nior tifications; but lie was at last successful; and Robert, without any notice in 'the in terim, one day received a handsome octavo volume, which, to his inexpressible pain, contained those wrotched effusions of his brother invested with the dignity of print. The book obtained considerable 'notoriety, and' won for its author about equal measures of reprobation and applause, food onr which his craving vanity was not loth to food. Lilian had never seen IRoborteo grieved and unhappy before.' She was about to take up the volume and look iinto it, but" hie stayed her hand with a shudder. ' " You cannot touch pitch and not he de filed, Lily," said hole and, stirring a. scarlet hollow in '.the fire, hlie burnt the book at once. Robert felt it as a wantons insult that it should have beoon sent to him atall after the opinion he had already expressed ; but after the lapse of n few weeks, when the soreness had worn off, he one morning announced to Lilian that hlie must go to London and soeek an interview with his brother for the purpose of pleading with him personally to abandon his fatal errors. Lilian.parted with him un willingly the next day.' It was the first separation since their marriage. '. Robert had not his brother's address, but he obtained it at the house where his book was printed, and the same afternoon pro sented himself at the door and inquired for him. The female who answered him said that her master was absent at the time, but if hlie would walk in and wait, she would, lot him know in a minute or two when' he' would be likely to find him there. He was ':accordingly shown . into a pretty gay drawing-room with. two or three birdeages -in the sunny window, and a silky spaniel basking on the rug in front of the fire, andmany signs besides of feminine presence and occupation. ]He was thinking '' could Oyrus have married and never told him?" when the door opened, and in caine a very young girl,: withl a pretty, pert -faio, and an, assured, lively, flippant air anything but pleasing. She seemed startled it Robert's grave aspect, and stopped short in the middle of the room to ask abruptly- '"V'Who are you?" while her large blue eyes gloomed with. petulant displeasure; "I came 'to see my brother, Oyrus Haw thorne, but I must have been misinfobrmed; this is not'liis honie ?" said Robert, uneasily; "I kciow.no Mr. "Hawthorne, lbut'MrNu gent lives here sometimes," was tho reply. Robort could not help .a"certain' tone of severity that iifluenced his voice when hle spoke again. .. ' " . . "' If you will tell me where I am likely to find him, I: will seek him elsewhere ? "1 'siaid he. ' "I know nothing of what he does or whore he goes' when ' hie his 'away 'from hjero;e, answered the girl pouting.. She turned:to the window, and as Robert left the room he saw that she began-to chirp to the birds in"th 'gilt eages, andto teanse therm by railing her fingers againiitthe wires in a fretful impatient way, as if;.it eased her to transfer some of her own vain, passionate petulance to them. He walked very quickly away from the house, which was iti one of the suburbs; to wards the town, his head' bentdown'and his mind filled with sombre ,forebodiigs, iuiitil, nat'a turn in the road, he came suddenly upon his brother,'and, at the 'fiirst glance, was ob liged' to unde'riitand' that' he" was'not glad 'to see him. OLyrse was; indeed, so taken' by surprise' that he did not speak'until.Robert holdout his hand, and said- ' , "I haive just boeen to seek you." ,' , Thnou, after more than two years of ab. sence, all 'ho could find to uaswerswas "And what brings.you' to town; at this time of-the year'?" S"-No Bliusiness; except the 'desire to see my brother," was the gravoe -reply. -' 'Cyrus pausod on itfor a moment, coritem plating th'e respetable' country tradesman with strange eyes; liut at flast, with'li ome thing very like a blush 'aid a-nervousdis concerted laughl, he?said-- . .":Well';Robin,' wlhsit was it-'?' 'I see you have a baittoryof'Puritii' elotquenco ready tod open'firoe ilupon me'at'ouicd.::,I must cry your mercy: for a few hours though?' Robeot would not accept:this 'cavalier dis miseal, and said-:. " I left Lilian ailing, Oyrus,:and mtist not stay in London long;; Will "yoi cdt give me the rest of the day at the hotel whroe I am staying ? . . . , . " You are the esame 'n'spoilt, dear, good, old- fashioned fellow ias ever, -Robin , come 'back with me and'dine ,". ' ' "'No;" replied Robirt' with'stern'signifi cnoe,; "I wilnot go back with you, though it seems hard to rohuusm to break bread' under thei oot which"my brothercalls home.. "Not 'at 'all, my dear fellow.' I.meddle with nobody' eprejudices., Ths printer should have sent you to my rooms in thi Straid ; I ami one of th oworking beiesnow 'end live in thi hive; I'll explain by-and-by. Mesan-' while walk slowly upnand down hiere, and Ill rejoin you in ten minutesor so." . He set off with a rapid :easy: step in.the direction' from which Robert had cb?om? and was soon out of sight; ?st for Robert, he had such a miserable :'rending ad hisbheart as hi' had never felt sin"lii lifo before. ''You uu doritood how he loved his brother, 'and will understand the pain. It must have left its trace upont his counteioance, for when Cyrus came back to him he slipped his arm'through his, anid began to say, with a persuasive, de precating air '"'Now,' Robin, don't break your heart over .ech a worthless tag of humanity as I aP--ast mending, past reforming, past con. verting by any nmoiunt of sorrowful good counsol; It is tho book 'that has -startled ' you,' I suppose? :I have iliiad my ancient. tutor, the dovont and rovorend' Samuel, withi"' rme about that already-but what would you have ? It is the donfeossion of all the faith, : Iny oxperience of life has left mo-'tis;h1$ - :: (lond." Ho still spoke in thosaamo oasy tone,i'i throwing back hii beautiful spirited head' * anld ttpping out firmly na if ho were ?iak- ' : ing tile noblest admission in tilhe world.: : ' '"I'mn sorry to Ihoer it. .Oyr-your oxperi- :: once must' theo hvo boon' very bad." "Bo roaondable, Iobin ; what do you i, klnow of life ? It has gone as smoothly with : you as' if: your' good genius hard east oil upon its waves; never au adverse gust,'I do boliovo, never a blash of rain to wot your sails I " ' . . : If lie could hlavo known-if oCyrusonly : could havoe' known-tho' meaning of ithat little cloud floatiig 'up out of the future to lay waste his brotlier's homo, and alrady *: casting its chill upon his hoeart,. ho would d' not have spokenou tlius; biuet 'Iobert'' held his":' peace, and lot hiimi 'tailk ounof hif:'ow-ii wn-.. troubles it the hand 'of fate, as if lihe'ore:' r the only person uion "wholm she over ceast a" .i frown. "He seemed to have a certain satis-h : ioltion in exalting' his' diffioulties, and' milaking capital oit of them.' " Hero I iam alwnys bheatingup against ' contrary winds," said he, chlirfuully. " My Lady Leigh urges mo to work and redeem miiyreputtioin. I begin ;.1 produce fruit in the shahap of a speculative little book, behiehdi . which she immediately oolipses the light of her ountaoiiando, and doclines to' continue . tlhe suipplies. Also my fathroi('tis ever tho greatest siiner makes theo straitest' saint) , professes himself'souindalided by the pub-: licity I have sought for my hbtorodox views, auid soriously throeiteils that, if I do not sup- ' press the sucond edition which iny publisheor is proparing, o also will cast meno adrift.' ' Now, if they think either to frighten me or tobribe nio into doing anytlhing so utterly nuioidnl, tllny will find themselves mistaken."' Cyrus began to speak' in' his indifferent, laughling manner, but the last few septences I came out fiercely and defoliantly. "You do not seriously delude yourself'; into: the belief that you are winninug any,.: real fame by it, do you, Oyr?" Robert . asked. "What care I for tho applause of a mob who follow oach other 'as bliiidly and iin-o roasoningly as a flock of siheeip with ' . priestly watchdog to frighten thom' from • straying out of bounds! Only lot me gather' the sutlffrages of tile few Who dare to think nid to emnancipate their .minds from'tho bonds imposed by a worn-out creed, arid I am satisfied." "That creed you mean can never be worn out while there is poverty and suffering anrid death in the world, Cyr. It is all tihe con solation thousanids of 'us" have to carry us from one end of life to the other, for it fits itself equally to our weakness at every stage. Nono of you speculatists have ever framed a system which suits humanity as'does OChristianity, and that argument would' be sulitoient to convince me that it' was God's work'without any other. As'for your little book, it seems to me that "every one of its " puerile notions could. be very '. easily answered." "Then' why is .it not answered ? " ex= claimed Cyrus, hotly. "Why do not some of your wordy thcoologian'is take it up, and reply to "it ? ",Probably 'bocause they do' not think it, wvorth their while. 'Tlhere rie iisuch evident element' of weakness arid decay in all such works-and in yours particularly, because yoI have not even done it withl consoientidus care, and always sconemi dobtftil of yourself even when niaking the most airbitrary asser-" tions-.that :to bring any great power to overthrow it would be like iplanting'a bat tery of cannon against a rotten garden fe'ce:. which will tumble down of itself in the':. common course of events." :The angry blood flow inito 'Cyruss's faoo, and hie writhed with a secret mortificationi at. Robert's just contempt for a ibook whih lir.Ie' was ioielied to look upon ns'a 'raither r-c mtarkablo production. He ,was proudt ofIhis misshapen and deb'ropitschild sii as nimothcis are of their littlo reckliogs. "' ' While thb,hrotheors were tailirig.' thliy iad walked very rapidly until they got into the tide of human life i'n thii Sirand; passing foriwird, they came to Waterloo Bridge; aind moderatedl their. steps in .its dom'pa'rati've? quiet TlhieOctorber sirn wassetting withia long bleod-red trail of gligt't uipont the iver,' foi aireidy thie air wi?a keen, iand 'rstyly?; but t heir ,discuision hiad heted them lotlioth;i' aind tlihey, arrived at the: hotel vlhre'rRobert' wvas bl?tayrig all in a glow. Sraiicely lied aeither yet thought of common.-placLigre frirtriral groetings or ioquirirs, but' 'when they wcre ishut' up isu a privite room,'nid. seated oari o eaich side of a chelerful fir;e;a?? by a simultaneous imlulm , eaclsheized the' other's hand,.ard shook it wairmly.' "We ire friondss all the samo, Robin, are: w'? not ?T" cried Oyrtus, withi brigliteniig '?es' while the old tide of 'oiatural affection, llowinig liack 'over his, heiart, carried iaway ,before, it all ,pride .arid' reserve i,'and' annoy= ?auc." It does mei' good to see you-nay, 'ifl~I hitd lIved with, pple' like you and Ucle J?dsliiia al; my' life, I sliohld hardly 'haveiuade'such wreck of it as I. hiave done.: SIs there any possibility ,of lir?vairig on you '"ti come ihome to meand Lilian now? Oh :I .i' ish' yoi: `ould,",.' repliedd iRobtert, sith eager affection. ' You said a' little , liile"' 'ago that yo did not believe"I li'ad ever liid' cross or.care in my life-is it .'no-' " t iig to fidd- you what you are? 'O ?,' it is the hteaviestcross that could h?v? been. given ,oe to bear.. . ." 'Do'n't, Robin, 'don'ti I know 'I' haval' ,disajrjit il'srted .37r I" k'nowv I "have ;ia pointed everybody ?and myselftoo,"tbut' there vwas 'no help for it '-Itwa?'to ie?,i and tlherefore it is." '""We used'to think that yoti were mesant'" for better tliings, Oyr. "' Imayhave been-but what matter if I' misseod'them.' Sometimes I think that if I could start clear again without the ignominy upon me of my birth, I could still struggle out of the brake in which I am entangled; but when I recollect all the hopelessness of getting free of that-when I know how it can foil aind disgrace me at every turn-I fold my hands, and let myself drift just as chanuce will. My life is but putting forth fruits natural to the stock. Nay, old Robin, don't look so grieved! COanst thou gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles ?" •" We had the same chance and carry the same burden, Cyr, only.you wore so much the clovorerr. Do you never remember our mother's pride in you ? Do you never think of her prayers and good counsels ? Do you forgot all she taught us in that little old room with the balcony looking over to the sea?" " I remember her life of saint and martyr, Robin, and that's enough. If I ant not utterly abandoned of God and good, it is that her prayers hold nie back; and if I am evor to be recovered to the primitive faith which I lhavo lost, it must be fromt the late growth of some of the s0ed which she sowed in my hoart with such loving hands. Don't rason with moe, Robinu-don't drown me in a flood of polemics; you might just as well sow salt upon the sand for any profit argu menot will bring you; let me be, lot me work out my own problems-" "If I see you working them wrong, Cyr ?" "Yes-if they are worked wrong, I shall have them to work over again, that is all Now lot us talk of something elso. I told you I was no longer a drone, and promised an oxplanation. Since my father threatoned to withdraw the wholo of his allowance, ex capt on a condition to which I shall never accedo, it behoves me to find some employ meont for my head and my bands, which are all the fortune I shall then hlavo. I have got nu engagement on a morning paper, and Sir Philip Nugent is froe to executo his throat as soon as he seeos fit." Cyrus told of his suc coss with a little air of triumph. "You will not withdraw that mischievous book, then ? Yes, Oyr,-it is a mischiovous, wicked, foolish book." "A truce to it. My now occupation has introduced me to a fresh sot of acquaintance, and whom do you think amongst them ? Master Scrope, poor old follow ! He abso lutely bogan to cry wheun lhe saw me, and we had over ai lot of reminisconces of Chinelyn ; how intensoely I longed to got away from it, and how he encouraged moe. I found that he was very badly off, doing odd errands at a printer's office, so I procured himt a place as librarian at a reading-room, debating-club, and lecturo-hall, to which I should have gone to-night if I had not met you. There is not much to do, and the little.there is suits him." "What is the amusement to-night?" Robert asked. "You haind better go with me and hoar. It has boon a rather favourito resort of mine this autumn; one can practice thoro the art of publi spoalking. This evening the debat ing club does not moot, but there is to be a speeooch from the platform by John Dawson, the groat apostle of the people. You lhavo hoard of huim, of courso? " " Yos ; a mischievous, profiane demagogue. The mon must be blind who elect to them solvoes such loaders." "Dawson is a clover fellow, and he believes what he proahlcs, too, which is loss common than many people suppose." "You have earned a bad opinion of human hind, Cyr." " Thor Robin, there ! have a little mercy. I thought I had guided you insensibly out of the way of any further moralising for to night," cried Oyrus, impatiently. "One other question, Cyr, and I havo doie; that pretty child whom I saw this afternoon, who is she ? " "'That pretty child is Laury- call her what else you will. Now, Robert, I have answered your one other question, and I warn you not to ask any more." Cyrus looked so angry and stubborn as hlie made this reply that Robort was silencod. It was useless to waste that little influence lie still possessed over his brother by a too urgent exerelse of it. They dined togother, talking chiefly on in different matters, until about a quarter to eight, when they turned out into the street, and woended their way across the silent bridge into the Strand. There was a great crowd thronging the doors of the lecture-hall; but passing in with the stream they gained two seats almost in front of the speaker's estrade, and from the time of their entrance the room continued to fill, until it was densely packed to its remotest limit. It was a dingy room, insufficiently lighted; and it was a motley assembly that filled it. In no other city in the world, perhaps, would you see such a collection of faces-eager, acute, wholesome, sensible, satisfied, credu lous-mot together for the deliberate pur pose of hearing a tirade on grievances which they would never have discovered without some one to show them hlow, and of being sent away with the agreeable feeling that they were equally injured and helpless. No doubt there were men there with real troubles and injustices to complain of, but there were by far more inquisitive idlers and restless, discontented ne'er-do-wools; and even they were out-numbered by the supe rior artizans, to whom something to grumble about is sauce piquant to their daily bread. There was also a sprinkling of such people as Cyrus Hawthorne Nugont, and one won dored naturally what they did there; for, whatever their difficulties, it did not seem likely that tlhey would get any receipt for rectifying them in that place. Robert, in coming in, had caught a glimpse of a tall, stooping, white-haired man, whom he recog nized as Master Scrope; but le was so placed that they. could not approach to speak to him, for it was almost the moment for the orator to appear, and John Dawson knew the temper of his audience too well to keep them waiting until impatience and delay swallowed up good humour. Robert Haw thorns, in spite of his prejudice against the man, already felt a curiosity to know the power by which he hold these hundreds at the beck of his name; but when he walked up upon the platform in the midst of a tumult of applause, and by the slightest lifting of his hand hushed it to dead silence, his first sensation was certainly one of dis appointment and surprise. The great apostle of the people was a little man, of a mean and stunted figure, -with~a head so disproportionately large as to suggest the idea of absolute deformity. His faceo was pallid, his hair long and grey, his eyes intensely bright, atd his mouth mobile and ealpressive. His utterance was imupetu ous, but very distinct, and accompanied with apid and fervent gesticulations; a man of the people whom he addressed, of no educa cation, rash, full of emotion, and blind, wayward, mischievous power; a mtu who would have won disciples to the wildest creed that was over promulgated .hy the very in teonsityof his fisthl it it himself. ,TheLfeelitig lie .excited in Robiert ITaw thormne's mind was one of compassion only, but; theira were thousnands to whom ,overy wxidi.that dropped from his lips was an oriiclol.;le1 whs listened to in anrapt silence. I ;;':Every great cause has its martyrs," was the opening of his speech; the great cause ho had in hand that nightbeing trades unions. Thorn was much dissatisfaction in the north of England at this juncture; turns-out amongst the workmen and factory hands, and steady resistance against the masters, which had led to several broaches of the peace, and threatened, if it continued, to produce still inumore serious popular disturb ances. Juhn Dawson handled these events skilfully .for the illustration and support of his subject. Let the men band themselves togethler, he said, and the masters would be powerless either to coerce or resist them; they would cease to be masters, in fact, and become dependents of the unions. Any idoea of mutual help was overlooked, and masters and men were spoken of as each other's natural onemies, only driven to make truces by dire necessity. Masters, in becoming such, lost the plain traits of Christian hu inanity, and grow worse than American slave-drivers; wearing out not only the bodies, but the souls of the people. Warm ing up to his theme, he drew several unreal pictures of wanton waste in high places, and meek privations hidden in garrets and cellars amongst the abject poor; Ite had a touch of pathos in his voice which drew tears from many a stern eye, and a thrill of animosity that sowed hatred in many a breast. To hear him one might have thought that self ishness and vice were the natural companuuions of tlhe rich, and all the exiled virtues the guardian angels of the poor. As Ihe had begun by speaking of martyrs, so Ihe ended; offering himself as the first amongst the self sacrificing band, and proclaiming his willing ness to be sent as a delegate into the dis turbod manufacturing towns of the north, there to preach the gospel of trades unions. To the popular undorstanding the speech sounded very fine, flient, and solid ; but it was extremely uncandid and extremely mtis ohiovous, as Rohort Hawthorno remarked to his brother while they stood waiting until the dispersion of the crowd permitted them to join Master Scrope. "There was truth in it too. A man might choose a less honorablo post for him self than Jlohn Dawson has won. It is not only empty words to offer himself ns a martyr in the cause of the people; depend upon it, if any of these delegates can Itbo caught in a breach of the law, the prosecution will he very virulent against them," was Cyrus's reply. He looked Ihot, flushed, and oxcited, antl had evidently boon somowhat carried away by the orator's fervency. "There are onough real sorrows amongst the poor, and indeed amongst all classos, without. inventing an unnatural fooling of antagonism to aggravate them. Masters and men have their interests so inseparably united that overything should be done to promote a better understanding betwoeen them instead of a wider breach. I thtink John Dawson a very dangorous follow; no doubt, ho started from smeine groat personal wrong or mischance, and has so magnified it by dwelling upon it in detail that it clouds all the world to his vision; ihe divides man kind into two great classes-oppressors and opproeasod- and fosters nothing so much as strife. He talked a great deal of wicked and frothy nonsense, but I do not believo him to he of the bass kind who mtnakes a mock at tho poor by trading on their suffer ings. He seems to have a blind faith in himtitself, which gives a fillacious weight to overy word hie utters; but it would he good to hear the other view of the question side by side with his." "Of course you disapprove of the prin ciple of those trades-unions ? " "I think they fail of their end. They do not provent strikes or the destitution and wretchedness they entail; they produce misery which they are powerless to mitigate. And as for their tyranny, no tyranny on earth is like it. They hold each of their members bound hand and foot: they shall not work save for such and such masters, or for wages other than they fix; they shall not admit into their fellowship any man who does not belong to their union, and a recusant they will punish by the cruelest and meanest expedients. Itis mar vellous to me how men with brains and thews and sinews of the best can yield their liberty of anotion to the guidance of other men, as if they were mere items in a great machine." " Ali h! you are a prejudiced witness you are a master," objected Cyrus. I and my men are one; I have nothing to fear from them or they from me. But, Cyr, since. when have you made yourself the advocate of popular institutions? It is curious to see you interested in such mat ters." "Since I became a working-man myself. made in the same way; by losing money I wonder how many patriots have been and friends and self-respect," said Cyrus, with a very bitter laugh. "Cyr, be honest; do not feign for any cause what you cannot feel," replied Robert, gravely. "It is only the earnest self-abne. gation of that mistaken person whom we have just heard, that lifts him above the contempt and detestation of all good men. One who should set himself up as a leader of the wayward and ignorant, with a scorn for them in his heart, and a shallow,.i flimsy pretence of being their friend, is viler than the vilest crawling thing upon the earth !" "It is not I who shall ever become such an one, Robin," said Cyrus, in a low, re buked tone. Robert made no answer. The throng had now moved from before them, and Master Sorope was slowly making his way between the benches towards the door. The two young men pressed forward and overtook him just as he was disappearing down the steps into the street. The old man turned round as a hand was laid upon his shoulder, and recognised Cyrus with a smile of pleased intolligenco; his other pupil he did not know. "Who is this, Master Scrope ? look in his face end you will remember," said Oyrus, stopping his brother under a gas-lamp. "It is Robert, surely ? Yes! le is the taller and broader of the two-I always thought ihe would lie. And how are you, Robert?" ie spoke kindly, hut not with the same delighted respect as marked his manner to Cyrus. Robert had been a good lad, but not the genius whom ho had cherished and reverenced and ill-advised in the Chinolyn days. Robert was in business now, and Master Scrope did not honour a tradesman, as such, any mnre than he had formerly honoured a boy who did his lessons in a sober manner, without any originality of either goodness or naughtiiness. " We are close by my rooms, Master Scrope; you shall come in with my brother and me to supper there," Cyrus exclaimed, cheerfully, and as no one gainsaid the pro. position, they followed in Indian file up the passage and staircase of an old house, on the first-floor of which Cyrus had noisy, but not uncomfortable lodgings. At the door of the sitting-room a little stiff-haired dog mot them, and leaped on Cyrus with short waffs of welcome; which, however failed to awaken a young man sleeping in an easy-chair with his fooeet upon a second, at the sight of whom the owner of the room oxclaimed " 0 1 hero's Waller. Robert, that fellow has an easy conscience; he sleeps like a baby, doesn't lie? Now, Ted, wake up;" and he enforced his command by a vigorous shikn of the sleeper's shoulder. " You are come homne at last, I've been waiting for you two hours, Nugent. I say, can you lend a follow-" At this point of his drowsy request, Mr. Waller became conscious of the presence of two individuals besides his friends, and was instantly mute. "Sit down again, Ted, while I send out for suppor, and after that we will discuss the supplies. This is my brother, and this other you know-the learned and venerable Dr. Scrops." So was the old pedagogue named by the young men who frequented the library he had in charge. Mr. Waller bowed to Robert with great solemnity, profoundly astonishod to find that Cyrus possessed such a brother, and nodded familiarly to Master Scrope. He was a young man who was at home everywhere and in all companies-a journalist with a little information on every subject under the sun, a discreet solidity of appearance, and a very largo share of natural tact. Within five minutes Robert had forgotten the sleepy, waking speech which had revealed the un thrift of Cyrus's visitor, and was disposed to think him a man of sense, stability, and remarkable intelligence. Mr. Waller, like the busy booee in the hymn, was always ready to improve the shining hour; and finding that Robert laid an accurate and thoughtful knowledge of those vexed ques tious which were agitating the north at the time, lie carefully culled his opinions, and afterwards wrought them up into a leader which was quoted as a luminous and ex haustive view of the subject by half the minor papers in the kingdom. Mr. YWaller was delighted with Robert; himself a culti vated person, remarkablo for nothing so much as his want of faith in everything, lie declared that he found it most refreshing to converse with a creature so guiltless, largo hearted, and sincere as this independent country tradesman; and as hlie regulated his own talk to match Robert's orthodox sonti ments, their favourable opinion of each other was mutually flattering. Master Sarope was the same amiable philosophor and genial prophet as of old. It did not take him long to discover how deep was Robert Hawthorne's disappoint moent in Cyrus, and lie immediately gave himself to the task of encouraging a better hope for the future. " IHe's but a boy yet," said he, indul gently. "You must give him time. De pendl upon it, we shall still be proud'of him -still hear of him." "lloer of him! but how?" replied Robort. "Rather the humblest obscurity than such notoriety as he is making for him self now." Master Scrope could not agree with his ancient sbcholar, so he refrained from saying anything. Cyrus and Mr. Waller towards the end of supper began to discuss communism of pro porty, for argument's sake, Oyrus being for and Mr. Waller against it. The subject was one that Robert in his old-fashioned loyalty considered even dangerous to speak of; and lie listened with real uneasiness to the earnest power Cyrus chose to put into it, being sensibly relieved when Mr. Waller, per ceiving his annoyance, turned it all into a jest. " Well," cried the journalist, cheerfully, " I love money, and when I have got it I can spend it like a prince; but as I did not inherit any, and cannot earn much, I do not still see that I have a claim on my neigh bour's purse. The principle of communism is simply the old saw in masquerade, ' that they should take who have the power, and they should keep who can.' " "The vast inequality between rich and poor is, I maintain, only the overgrowth of a c irrupt civilization," replied Cyrus. " In primitive forms of society such inequality, which is against the laws of nature, never existed." "It must always have existed, unless modern men are made on a new principle. To some of us, riches flow as by a natural attraction, and stick as fast as the needle to the magnet; from others they fly off by a natural repulsion, which many of us are in a condition satisfactorily to explain. Now you two brothers come as an apt illustration of my theory: if you had started fair a dozen years sgo,-each with half-a-crown in his pocket, I would have undertaken to pre, dict that Mr. Hawthorne might die Lord Mayor of London; while you, 0 Cyrus, my friend, might have perished in the union workhouse, and have been buried by con tract !" "No, no, no," remonstrated Master Strope, with an affectionate look at his old favourite; "I would have promised him Westminster Abbey-Westminster Abbey, and a column or two in the Valhalla, of great men, the biographical diotionary." . Everybody laughed, for the old school master spoke with -a sincere gravity of Cyrus's being thus doubly entombed, and evidently thought the dictionary a monument of eternal glory. "The union workhouse and Westminster Abbey, and the Valhalla of biographical dictionaries are all next door to each other," said OCyruS, cheerfully. "But if I were a poet of distinction, like one or two we could name, and my admiring countrymen left me to die of poverty and then proposed to glo rify themselves'by erecting a fine monuinent to my memory, I hope my indignant ghost would rise and pelt them with the stones." " Calm thyself, my friend ! " exclaimed Mr. Waller, laughing; "you are not great man enough to serve as a commercial specu lation to at people ever desirous of turning an honest penny-your bones will rest in peace." Cyrus coloured, and turned the conver sation-perhaps it mortified him to hear himself estimated as below any for any purpose. Robert Hawthorne was the first to move. and his brother would accompany him to his hotel ; Mr. WValler also, with a cigar in his mouth, walked off to his chambers, after first assuring his new acquaintance of the pleasure ho had derived from his company in a formal manner which Cyrus know con coaled a secret mockery. Robert responded in perfect good faith, and he afterwards told his brother that it consoled him to find he .had one seriously disposed friend to advise with in all his diffioulties. Master Sorope had Robert's arm as far as they went together, and he took this oppor tunity of telling him several pleasant and generous traits in Cyrus's conduct, especially as regarded himself. " lie may have his faults, but I don't see. them," said the old man, feelingly. "I believe he has had more to bear than we know; but think of his taking me by the hand as if I were his equal, when I assure you, Robert, I did not know on what side to turn to win the morrow's crust. For six weeks he kept me in his own lodgings, and supplied me with everything; and I believe he would have kept me for six months or six years if it had been necessary; but this place fell vacant at the library, and he had interest enough to procure it for me. Theh his hand is always open to his friend in need -li-he has a generous spirit, and I should be worse than a dog if I were not grateful to him. The very beggars in the street ask of him more confidently than of others. I see you are sad about him, and I would have you take courage." Cyrus was walking off the pavement whistling a popular air as carelessly as a schoolboy, with his little dog Beau trotting close at his heel. He did not hear' Master Scrope's plea for himself, and interrupted it once or twice with observations on objects they met in the street. "His worst faults are not on tihe surface, Master Scropo," replied Robert; " the most painful of those that are in the light indif ference with which he looks on everything. Fle reminds me of the sparkling sand on Ghinelyn beach, where I'have seen him trace fine words nout of books many a time, but which lost all inipression of them at the rising of tihe next tide. This melancholy hook that he has written is the fruit rather of perversity and vanity than of: any deep sentiment or study." "I cannot agree with you there, 'Robert; the book is full of original thought, and is eminently suggestive." " Then the light has not reached you yet, Master Scrope ?" Robert said gravely. it Well, sir, according to your views and Mr. Ford's, it has not. T'ae almond-tree is in full blossom, and I have had repeated warning that the tale of my years is nearly accomplisheld, but I have not seen reason to change any of my old ways of thinking; my belief is that I shall die as I have lived." "Dr. Scrope, we are at the door of your lodging; don't come out of the way," ex claimed Cyrus; "good night to you." " Good night." And they parted with tihe old man there. Cyrus would not go in with his brother when they reached thie hotel, but he prom ised to.see him the next day-on condition, as he said laughing, that he should not be reasoned with. Robert would not give any promise, and his brother marched away home again very cheerfully, thinking what a dear, innocent, guileless, faithful creature Robert was, much its his lively friend Mr. Waller had done before him; but of course immeasurably inferior to himself in experi ence, and quito unable to judge of the snares and difficulties that beset the thoughtful way of sovereign intellects. (To be conrtired.) 