THE LATER NEWS FROM EUROPE. THE ten days' later news from Europe which we have by the Californian mail, though containing 110 unexpected intelligence, is yet of great interest. It is chiefly important fin its relation, directly or indirectly, to Rome or France, and we shall discuss it in those aspects to the exclusion of other questions of minor interest. On the eve of the arrival of much later intelligence, which may be expected on Monday or Tuesday next, and which possibly may arrive to- morrow (Sunday), it would be hazardous to indulge in any speculations as to the course of events after the 20th June, either iu Rome or in Paris. We shall act more wisely by confining our comments to such facts as seem to us reliable, and by indicating the significance which iu our opinion should be attached to them. The affairs of the Holy Father are offirst importance, and not only because they concern the Church militant, but also bej cause from the direction they are taking we have to form our opinion as to the prospects of an improvement in the state of civil society in Europe. These, we must say, are not very encouraging. Without delaying to point to the evidence of the fact, we may say that the ruling powers' among the nations seem, with few except tions, to have abandoned the principles' of justice, and that respect for the moral lafr which should guide them. But whilst that power which is of thisf world seems to have deserted the sovereign' Pontiff^ His Holiness is abundantly enriched by spiritual triumphs and consolations. He had attained the years of St^ Peter on the Pontifical- thtone, thus en 1 ! joying, as it will seem to Catholics, the signal favour of Christ, whose Vicar on earth he is. Whilst his enemies storm against him and persecute him; ; whilst they have robbed him of his-territory'and confine him as a prisoner, whilst the Catholic princes who should be his defenders have deserted him, and to human perceptions there is no prospectfor him of immedtaterelief, the strong right hand of God seems to be sustaining huh, and tohe endowing him, in an almost miraculous degree, with the' gifts of the Holy Ghost. \ ; The more closely lie is invested ^and bitterly persecuted the more exalted docs heseemto be above Hie' power of his enemies. Implacable and unrelent- ing-'hostility, workeS with such : power' honld inevitably consign- Do "deaMctiod any other human being, however mighty •life may have been, only seems to raise the Holy Pontiff still higher above the reach of his enemies. As their enmity increases, his greatness expands; the more furious they become, the more sublime and invulnerable is he—supported as he is by the promises of Christ, and by his own consciousness of right. In the capital of Christendom, of •which he is the prince who reigns by right divine, he was on the 17th June, though then a prisoner to Italian banditti, more honoured than the proudest and most powerful monarch of the world. His subjects are of every nation, and there, were then in Rome representatives of every people doing homage to their august sovereign. And they were there, not by accident, but by design. They had journeyed from near and distant lands to the shrine of St. Peter, to manifest their sympathy for his apostolic successor, and to proclaim iu the face of the world both their joy and devotion as children of one so noble and so good as the Great Pio Nono. The faith and devotion which Peter the Hermit inspired in the days of yore was spontaneously manifested in the very midst of the despoilers of the Church and of the persecutors of its saintly •vicar. That ruffian-power which arms in unscrupulous hands give, the enemies of the Sovereign Pontiff had; but in the midst of their camp justice was made manifest, and the day will surely come when the devotion and faith proclaimed by the pilgrims will be seen to have been a warning of a terrible retribution which had 1 fallen upon those who betrayed the Church,\ and laid accursed hands not only on its property, but on the sacred person of; Christ's Vicar. j We are told that the Sovereign Pontiff; had appealed to the Catholic princes and ; to the Catholic people of Europe for his deliverance. This we might have expected. In this moment of solemn trial it is their duty to come to his assistance, and to leave j them no excuse for apathy, lie expounds it to them. The Sovereign Pontiff has now imposed upon every Catholic prince the obligation of coming to the defence of the Church, and none with the power to comply with that duty can fail to do so without being guilty of a crime little less than apostacy. The appeal of the Holy Father is a much more solemn and serious affair than at first sight may seem. It may produce no immediate effect on the conduct of the princes to whom it is addressed, but it is not unlikely to create among the Catholic portion of their subjects such a feeling of discontent as may produce serious complications in Europe. The subject is one of great importance, for which reason we shall again return to it after the arrival of the Suez mail. In the meantime we J •wish to impress upon our readers that the ! action taken by the Holy Father is of that j solemn and momentous character which j may lead to events even more serious than ' any that have yet occurred in our times, j Unhappy France is still a prey to factions, j and whilst Imperialists and Monarchists are plotting -for ascendancy in the provinces, the Communists in Paris are madly and | savagely tearing at the heart of the nation. There is both justice and mercy in the etrong policy the National Government is pursuing, but that policy was exasperating the working classes to such an extent that another. insurrection did not seem altogether improbable. It would but lead to another slaughter, and to accumulated national disasters. It would be suppressed in. a week, but in that time Paris might be laid in ruins. We do not, however, place much dependence upon the news brought by the Californian mail. Possibly things •were not so bad as represented. If they •were we should be much inclined to believe that Imperialist plottings and manoeuvres had something to do with the disturbed state of the capital. That condition of things must favour the designs of the Imperialists. By disgusting the provinces with the unsettled state of affairs, it will incline them to look favourably upon designs |or the restoration of the regime under J?hich ; .the : nation so long enjoyed peace, and the appearance, at least, of prosperity. In the event of an Imperial restoration, we would] for our own part look upon the regeneration of France as distant beyond the limits of speculation. And yet we cannpt regard such a cdhtmgency as imjiossiblp, ~It Jb ..v/bft Prussia desires, and what England;.for a different' reason, most eattieaUy jjiopea,; fori..; ;, : ^English -atatesirifen saw a pqs#0jty-^peAai)B a lifcelihood-r-of Wi^^enal.restoration before"*Eugenie re- ceived royal consideration from Queen Victoria. It is, however, said that France is favourable to the Republic, and a Republic is preferable to the return of a Bonaparte, even though it were in the form of one so personally estimable as the ex-Empre3s is. Even an Orleanist should be more acceptable to France than the treacherous and humiliated ex-Emperor or any of his family. Any one of them would disgrace the throne of France .find the French people; apd would be a greater weight upon the cqU'ntry than the immense national debt the war has entailed on it. We will not therefore believe that the French people can be either induced or forced to again have a Bonaparte over it. A pardoned Communist, of a humane disposition, would be a lesser evil. THE following letter has been received by the chairman of the late Ministerial banquet at Sandhurst from the Bon. the Chief Secretary:—" Chief Secretary's office, Melbourne, 24th Jjily, JS7I- Gentlemen,—I trust you will allow me to make yon the medium of communicating to the committee, of which you were the executive officers, the feeling of satisfaction and gratitude which our visit to Sandhurst has left in the minds of my colleagues and myself. I have had experience of public banquets extending over more than a quarter of a century, and I do not remember one which in harmony and enthusiasm of spirit—the main end to be attained on such occasions—was a more unequivocal succrss than yours. We have learned much by that visit, which we shall not readily forget!; and I am persuaded that it will be a new stimulus to energetic and practical work, that we may deserve the favour with which you received us at the very outset of our career.—Believe me, gentlemen, very faithfully yours, C. GAVAJT DUFKY. E. Garsed, Esq., Chairman, and Henry Lee, Esq., Secretary, Sandhurst Banquet Committee/' As a matter of much importance we direct attention to an electoral notice to which we give a conspicuous placc above our first leading article. Every man in this colony entitled to the franchise should qualify himself for the exercise of it. The expense is trifling. The advantage attending the precaution may be very considerable. IT is officially notified that in pursuance of the provisions contained in the 110th section of the Land Act, 1SG9, the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has altered the 2Gth of the regulationsunder the said act, which were made on the 1st of February, 1870, respecting lands not available for occupation under licenses, by cancelling the words " boroughs or towns," and substituting in lieu thereof the words following, viz., " or which are situated within a distance of one quarter of a mile of lands sold as building lots in town." Mr. LOKGMOKE has promised a deputation from the M'lvor Shire Council to consider a claim made by that council for a grant out of the mam road subsidy, along with other claims which had been sent in of a similar nature. A Dr.ruxA'jiON from Ballarat was introduced to the Commissioner of Lands on Saturday last by the Attorney-General. A memorial was presented which asked that the Minister would give instructions that the land known as the Corporation Reserve, Market street, Ballarat, shall be surveyed in lots to suit the improvements of the residents—such improvements to be valued ; the land to he put up at .£100 per acre, with a valuation for the City Council of Ballarat, at the rate of £5 per foot for the allotments fronting Mair street and Lydiard street, except the corners, of which thirty feet are to be £7 10s. per foot, and £2 per foot for the frontage of Armstrong street; and also a .valuation for the improvements the residents have on the ground. Mr. Grant intimated that he would have no objection to accede',to the request. A DEPUTATION from Hotham on Monday waited upon the hon. the Commissioner of Public Works relative to the laying of certain pipes in that district. Mr. O'Grady promised that the work should be performed when a sufficient supply of pipes was at hand. THE revenue on Monday showed a large increase on the last month's daily takings, owing to the anticipated alterations in the tariff when the Treasurer brings up his budget. The duties paid were principally on wines, sugar, tobacco, dried fruits, and boots. The quantity of tea in bond under duty being small, the duties paid on this commodity were not larger than usual. The amount paid in was £19,248 17s. lOd. Tuesday was also a busy day at the Customs. The amount of duties paid in was £30,952 19s. A STEP that will prove a great boon to those who live in localities where there are post offices, hut no telegraph-offices, will be taken by Mr. Duffy as Postmaster- General. It is his intention to provide that any persons living at a distance from a telegraph station may post their message in an envelope to the postmaster at the nearest town where there is a telegraph station. A shilling stamp placed upon the envelope containing the message will not only carry the letter to the postmaster at the telegraph station, but will also cover the cost of the transmission of the message,' providing that there are not more than ten words in the message sent. THE task of . providing for the deficit left the Treasurer of the colony by the. late Ministry assumes a severer aspect the more the financial positioix.of the colony is studied. It, transpires that in addition to the eum of £300,000 which Mr. Berry will have to obtain from some source or other for the purpose of wiping out the debt of the colony, a sum of £100,000 will have to be provided for the recouping of'certain loan funds, and for which purpose thereareno funds available. It really (says the Age) begins to look as if the late Ministry was afraid to face the difficulty they had created, and had taken the firet opportunity, tbat presented itself for relieving themselves of the -teak. ' • A LUNCHEON wa« given in the Town Hall on Monday by the Mayor of Melbourne, in honour of the visit to this colony of the Marquis and Marchioness of Normauby. The company, which numbered about 300 ladies aud gentlemen, included his Excellency the Governor and Viscountess Canterbury, the members of the Ministry, and several of the heads of the various religious denominations. A novel feature in the entertainment was the presence of ladies, who took their places at the tables, and shared in doing honour to the several toasts proposed. The collation was laid in the large hall. The toasts were limited to the usual loyal ones, the health of the Governor, the Marquis of Normauby, the Mayor, and the ladies, all of which were duly honoured. The proceedings lasted barely two hours. IT was stated in the Assembly, on Wednesday, by an hon. member, that on some of the pastoral rims men were paid for the purpose of " ringing " every tree, thereby killing the whole of the live timber. FOE some years past the Melbourne Corporation has, it appears, been getting the metal broken at the gaols, by prison labour, gratuitously, while the country has to support the persons so employed. This state of affairs has, however, to be stopped ; if the Melbourne Corporation want the metal they must pay for it. This is a step in the right direction. IN the Assembly on Tuesday evening, Mr. Walker gave notice that he would move—"That in the opinion of this House it is necessary for the relief of selectors throughout the colony, and for the encouragement of further settlement, as well as to secure compliance with the Land Act of 1809, that all money paid by selectors exceeding £1 per acre should be returned to the payers. A LONELY and sudden death has occurred in a lane off Little Bourke street east to a man who when last seen alive was drunk, and whose corpse after death became the prey of rats. The man was a drunken carpenter named John Bailey, 50 years old, who lived in a house by himself for the last six weeks. On Saturday evening he went into the house, being then so drunk he could scarcely enter, and was never seen alive again. On Monday he was found dead in the kitchen, with one of liis eyes eaten away, apparently by rats, and the flesh gnawed from behind one of his ears and off the fingers of one hand by the same vermin. At ail inquest held that day it was found that deceased died of sanguineous apoplexy, caused by concant intoxication. THE members of the Ministry were enterained at dinner on Monday evening by the hon. he Speaker of the Legislative Assembly at his residence. THE Railway Construction Bill will be introduced by Mr. Longmore on Tuesday next. THE report of Colonel Sankey on the Government waterworks is so far advanced as to enable the Minister of Mines to promise that it will be laid before Parliament in a few days. THE Discipline Act Amending Bill, of which the Chief Secretary on Tuesday night gave notice, is intended to remedy an evil complained of by the Imperial Government. The present bill makes the Victorian forces subject to the acts now in force iu Great Britain with regard to the military and naval services. It is intended to make the colonial army and navy subject to all acts '' in force" in Great Britain, so as to produce uniformity of discipline and action. By this amendment the colonial forces will of course be bound by all acts which may hereafter be passed by the Imperial Parliament. SEVERAL gentlemen connected with the leading soft-goods houses in Melbourne had an interview with the Government on.Tuesday in reference to the substitution of measurement duties for ad valorem duties. Both the Chief Secretary and the Treasurer expressed their willingness to consider such a proposal on its merits as-soon as the principles of the tariff were fixed. Their attention was also directed to the advisability of establishing. a system of drawbacks on open stock exported. To this also they promised their best consideration.. THE hon. the Commissioner of Railways promised a deputation on Tuesday that he would cause a clause to be inserted in all future contracts for railway plant to the effect that, with the exception of wheels, &c;, f provided by the Government, all the work must be done in the colony. He also said that he would consider the question of the reduction of the rates for railway freight. THE Bendigo Independent in a leading article on the assembling of Parliament says :—It is possible that at some time of his career Sir James M'Culloch may have had a3 many friends in the country as Mr. Duffy has now, but it is very questionable if the hon. member for Mornington was ever favoured with such a plentiful lack of enemies. In this respect'Mr. Duffy's position is singular, for no politician ever took the foremost place in the country, concerning whom there was. such a general desire to bid him good J Outside of the House his friends are legion, and that important fact will, no doubt,, influence those who represent public opinion is the Council chambers of the country. If they are wise in their political generation, they ; will take good heed to the signs of the times, and, if they do that, they will perceive the imperative necessity which is laid upon them to avoid all factions or selfish schemes, and lend the Ministry their assistance to legislate for the country, and not for any persons or party. • • , IN the Assembly on Wednesday .evening, Mr,. Grant, in reply .to a.question from Mr. MacBain, stated that'the Assembly having in the Amending Land Act affirmed the -principle that free selection should exist all over the colony, : it ^s the intention of uthe present ,Government , to carry out. that policy to its fullest extent, and consejnehtlyj 'no* reserves^"'would,, hip retained except those required for the good of the State, such as timber- reservee, • railway reserves, water, reserves, .Stc., such. as might be found necessary for -the convenience .of, selectors.. Undue' attention should not be paid tp the paf - toraltenants; they shouldiuwe the•8am\S i right of access to water »s selectorshavo ffi0r He suggested that if they w e - should spend a little in sinking weU a ing dams in the back count™ o n a - evenbanded justice is to be administp^ K t ^ ^ a t t e r a n d t h e p o . ^ ^ 