THE ADELAIDE KETCH RACE. The S.A. Register of the 29th ult. says:- If anything was lacking to show beyond dispute that there are still same nautical spirits amongst us, it would have been supplied by the enthusiasm created by the Ketch Race on Wednesday, December 28th. This event, be it known, has been the theme of gene- ral conversation at the Port for weeks past. The ketches are of foreign extraction, imported by spirited men-- Tasmanians--to fill a want long felt of a trading craft suitable to a shallow harbour. The number has been augmented at various times until it has reached half a dozen, and the master of each new comer has been prepared to swear by his vessel as superior to all its predecessors. This unsatisfactory kind of rivalry lasted for a long time, and much beer was employed to en- force the arguments pro and con. ; but it was not until within a few months that any attempt to organ- ize something like a regular display of sailing capabilities was made. When once the thing was decided on a Secretary was appointed, and the day for the trial fixed. Not the river, where shoals and banks would have rendered success more a matter of chance than capacity and skill ; but the Semaphore anchorage was appointed as the scene of the great contest. It has proved a great source of amusement to notice the emulation excited by the race. The anxiety to make a good show has been particularly beneficial to tradesmen, for the supply of new sails have not been limited or gear stinted. Some backers were bounce able and positive ; but it is a significant fact that the winner had rendered himself noticeable by his reticence. The whole of the competing vessels are fine, well built craft of from 40 to 50 tons, with immense beam compared with their length. Although flat in the floor, they are griped to windward by means of a powerful centre-board. The spars they carry are very taut, and some idea of the spread of canvas may he gained when it is said that one gafftopsail had in it over one hundred yards. No race for years has created such a sensation, and the absence of re- striction as to numbers carried was taken full advantage of. The course was a distance of about 20 miles, described by a line from the jetty to the Lighthouse, thence to a seaward buoy west from the Wonga Bank, then to a buoy south of the T-head, and re- turning to the pier, but to commence a second round of precisely the same description to win at the jetty end. Very properly, there were but few restrictions, the craft to start from their own anchors, and pass- ing buoys on the port hand. Shortly before the time appointed the Sailor Prince was found to have sprung a leak, and, it was feared, would relinquish the course. Like all British sailors, however, Reid was not to be easily beaten, and finding his craft only leaked on the starboard tack he slung one of his hands in a bow-line and caulked the seam most cleverly in time to take up position. It was a matter of temporary annoyance that the mark buoys were not earlier placed ; but this difficulty was easily got over, and at 11 o'clock the ketches were ranged into position with springs on cables as follows ;-1. Dash- ing Wave, sailed by Korf; 2. Adonis, sailed by Quin ; 3. Crest of the Wave, sailed by Mortess ; 4. Prima Donna, sailed by Simmonds ; 5. Sailor Prince, sailed by Reid ; 6. Fleetwing, sailed by Russell. Each carried Marryat's numeral as a distinguishing flag, and it was arranged mainsails, misens, and staysails were to be set fair before making the signal "All ready." The tout ensemble was extremely fine as the precious old "Junk" crossed the sterns to see that all was right. The signal-flag was lowered, and in one moment the whole fleet canted on the star- board tack effecting a splendid start. The Fleetwing took the weather gauge, setting maingaff top- sail to about as much north-easter as she could stand up to. The Crest of the Wave also set the maingafftopsail, and stepped out well towards the bar closehauled on a reach. The Prima Donna had scarcely set her mainsail when the throat halyards carried away, and the whole concern came down by the run, giving all others a good chance. Then a little gust of wind made an "Irish reef' in the Dash- ing Wave's mainsail, and she was under the neces- sity of tying up a reef at a very early state of pro- gress. At this time the whole fleet was scarcely heading for the bar buoy when the Adonis set a good example and tacked inshore, so as to work up in smooth water. The others followed suit, and as soon as Prima Donna had repaired damages she looked as if royal-yard jack meant to work up to a position. But there was the Crest of the Wave and the Fleetwing, the Adonis and another on the weather reach. The Fleetwing stood up to her canvas remarkably well, but the Crest seemed to have most power. Of course the loss of mainsail by reefing almost shut out Dashing Wave, but she very pluckily continued in the wake till the second round, when her hopes vanished, and she, like the Prima Donna, left the contest to the others. Simmond's course of proceedings was scarcely in keeping with his known character, and was more unaccountable because on a previous oc- casion the Prima quietly headreached and weathered on the Crest as she chose. Now came the tug of war as the Fleetwing cleverly made a short board and rounded the bar buoy at 12.15, followed at a bare minute's interval by Crest of the Wave, with Prima Donna ten minutes astern, and Adonis to follow. As soon as it became a run staysail-halyards were let go, and square sails substituted, while the mizengaff topsails were very smartly set. With the wind aft Fleetwing and Crest kept equi-distant to the mid-buoy, and there was not the least per- ceptible change of position. The Sailor Prince was rather crippled by the loss of the bowsprit, and Adonis lost heart as the two leaders increased the interval. After passing the second buoy the course was about south-east, consequently it brought the wind more abeam, and instantly the Crest overhauled the Fleetwing. For a few moments the former's alteration in speed was scarcely nonticeable ; but she gradually drew on her rival until the bowsprit covered the taffrail then headed a little further, when Fleetwing took in her mizengafftopsail and spurted again, as she was freed from an overpress of sail. It lasted but a short time, for the Crest finally took position in the van. There was also a very close contest between the Adonis and Sailor Prince. The latter headreached at times on the Harbour-Master, and ultimately took the lead. But while very amusing to note the second part of the fray, the contest between the leaders was of most importance. At ten minutes past one the Crest made a short tack in-shore, and completed the first round at 1-10 ; and so well had she behaved in working to windward that four minutes elapsed before the Fleetwing rounded, and filled away on the starboard tack for the second race to the light- house. It was good fun to observe the struggles of the third, fourth, and sixth boats. Like Mr. Micawber, they waited for something to turn up, but not a mast would carry away or a shroud part, to allow them the ghost of a chance, and thenceforward the whole affair lay in a nutshell as far as competition went, for Crest, having secured the lead, kept it most beautifully, and finally came in at 2-29, allowing Fleetwing to follow eight minutes after. Tho following is the result : Crest of the Wave, sailed by Mortress .. 1 Fleetwing, sailed by Russell .. .. .. 2 Dashing Wave, sailed by Korf.. .. .. 0 Adonis, sailed by Quin . .. .. .. .. .. 0 Prima Donna, sailed by Simmons .. .. 0 Sailor Prince, sailed by Reid .. 0 The S. A. Advertiser says :-" During the race there was just as much wind as whole sails could be set to, and at times it was necessary to shake up a little in the squalls, while others managed to carry the topsails till a late point of the race, when the breeze increased, and brought along clouds of sand and dust, which entirely destroyed the enjoyment of the spectators, who, as soon as the race was over, wended their way towards the Port. The whole affair was most successful, though the most knowing old salt in the Port would never have backed the Crest to win, although the tact of the master was something in her favor." 