AUÍfT APPLETHWAITE^ GHOST. We liad been, very busy all day. Lune and I, pre- paring costumes for the part sbe waa to act thal evemng-at MrarMilwood'a much-talked-of entertain- ment, ¿.winch tableaux wupfowere to form a chief point of attraction Itwaeonly- ontliislsrtdaythai my little sister-in-law bad consented to take part in the performance* and we had no time to lose So old clothes-cheats were explored, old txunks, fall of odds and ends of discarded finery were dragged to light, and a general " rummage made throughout the house, in search of garments BUited to the characr ter »he was to represent-that of one of the four Marys, maida of honor to the Queen of Scots, around whom they were to appear grouped, m the: scene with Bixno. « I In our hasty exploration of the back attic, where for four years I had not been, I had wrenched open, with some difficulty, .an old wooden chest, in which I discovered, among mouldy books and garments, a bundle, carefully sewed up in canns Upon opening this, we found to our great joy the very thingB we needed-an ancient brocaded dress, \- trimmed with rieh lace and knots of ribbon to- gether with^e pair .of silk hose, high-heeled, eharp pointed white satin shoes, a -short white cloak, of a material which I bsY9 since learned waa called .taffety, and lons embroidered gloves of kid bordered with lace. They were all discolored and moth-eaten, and though so carefully done up in half a dozen wrappings of paper and linen, were yet covered with a fine-dust Still we thought a little freshening and smoothing would do excellently well, and, considering the purpose for which (hey were required, they were reilly a treasure 1 A small package of letters had fallen out of the bundle as we unrolled it. This I threw hastily aside in a drawer of my writing table, and forgot» Lune looked verj pretty as she that evening descended to the parlor, where brother John was, with masculine impatience of female dilatonness, awaiting his little wife s appearance I was not to go Just recovered from an illness, I dared not face the cold of a Winter's night So while Lizzie acted " fayre Mary Lennox" at the ball, I was to play Cinderella at home "Why girls, where on earth did you get that antediluvian toggery?'' irreverently exclaimed John. ' You remind me, Lizzie, of a family portrait at the De Treville Brownes, Urs Captain Koah, or one of her stepdaughters, I think they said. 1 et, considerr rug the present hideous fashions, you don't looksuch a guy, alter au." Lizzie courtesied low m acknowledgment of the compliment. « Guess where we found them, John,'' I an- swered to his inquiry -"In that old blue cheat in the back attic, of which, you remember, we used to be so afraid when children. We bad an idea that there waa a skeleton hidden in if " So there waa," said John, with sudden serious- ness He looked very gravely at-the ancient dress, the shoes, the gloves, and the Btnngs of pearls in Lizzie s hair. f " Aunt Appletliwaite's pealla," I said. " Aunt Eleanor told me so, but she kept them locked up, and I never knew of their being worn till to-night, Don't they suit the dress t° " Take them'otr, Lizzie," said John very gravely -" take them all off. I cannnot bear to see you"in these things." J "Why,JohnP" ,r ~ i " Is there no other drees that she can wear, Elea- nor? I wpuhl not have her disappointed, and yet He looked with strong distaste at the objectionable garments. Luna, had nat-been married nany months, and she was besides submissive » ">Ei .' "Tim is your grandmother's dress. Eleanor-that blue silk vfilh the queer flounces, lou. know I had _ i i (leaded, feweM Jtljeforejau-ÍQund.jtiiia, and, if not so Ticlmt looks-fresher tbsirtms- Wait just ten. minutes, dearr'an<T I can easily ' make the change 1"- ' "There's an «ampio fer yoi, "fflet-nor, wh-n you marry,"* ouoth Jobn, as she tapped hghUy- from the room TethestiUlookedgrave-.'1: -1' Why did yon objecfrto that dress; idlm P" " Do you know to whom it belonged, Slcanor F** " To some ancestress of ours, I suppose. The date on o little bundle of letters which wes wrapped m the dress was 1775" " Just so That dress belonged, like the pearls, to our great aunt Appletbwalter It was her wedding dre°e, and I moy say, also her shroud,for she diedm it." * " She died suddenly. Aunt Eleanor told me, when just returned from a balL" ^ 11 And by her own hand." "I neverknew that, John." i , "I1 am sorry, then, that I told jon." I - " What could have induced her to commit such a deedf" , ' John looked thoughtfully -into the Ure. " Lknow very little about her, Eleanor, and wish that I knew leas. There are some things the knowledge of which should be suffered to die out of a famuy, and become, -as it were, a dead secret.0 "I did not know that-we, the Keelinga, had any- thing to be ashamed of," said If proudly "There are blackisheep in every flock As to < these things of .Mistress -Appletbwaite, we will burn them, to-morrow, Eleanor, and give away the pearls" i u «u f Lizzie did not keep lum waiting much beyond the legitimate " ten am nates," and the annie and kiss ' with which she was rewarded were such as should have satisfied any woman j" We shall be home by half-past twelve, Eleanor," said John " I will take the house-key with me, not to disturb j on and Kitty " " Kitty can go into the kitchen for the night un I less you want ner, Lizzie. I am .not afraid to sit ] . alone." i I When they had gone, I went up to my room, where I found the fire burning brightly. It was * nine o'clock. I did not feel sleepy, and, seating myself in the comfortable arm-chair beside my little writing-table, mused. . . I thought of the party, and of .Lizzie, and the brocaded dress, and of Aunt Applethwaite. I won- dered what John had meant by. his obscure hints ; and whether the letters I had found in the bundle would throw any light upon the subject. Curiosity in such a case is strong, and here, at my very elbow; was the way of gratifying it, jl took the package from the little drawer of the table, and carefully unfolded one of the letters. The edges of the mouldering paper crumbled crisply beneath my touch, and the writing was so faded, and in some places so obliterated, that I found some difficulty f deciphering it. . The first letter was sufficient ' It was addressed to " the Honored tand Honorable Mistress Abigail Applethwaite, wife of Colonel Ralph Applethwaite, of the Colonial Army," and bore tua signature of a distinguished British commander-no less a person- age than General Lord Howe. I refolded it with a shudder. Traitress and spy false , to her country and her husband, and plotting a crime of even darke; dye-whai wonder that she should, upon finding" herself discovered, have eli- ded her existence by means of the drug intended far another P On the broad sheet of paper in which these let- ters had been enveloped were inscribed the follow- ing words, in a hard, rigid stylo .of handwriting, some words having been effaced^ by'mould: ¡ Memorial ot Sin and Sbatn«, whereby-and Inaotnuch M that reading tba tara«-wboletom« abatement and repwaament worldly Pride and spiritual Vain- giory "BiiPB AiFixnrrjun." The lower part of this sheet was turned up, and sealed at the corners. Breaking these, I read, in the same handwriting, though with a date ave years later: Deceased, be daly Burned and deitroyed on Mr death ; and " - - " -" ----- M EDI- - >lgaU Keeling, laU Applet*» _,_ing appeared to Ma and BObeaongb-,_ and'tweotietb day of November, in ttw Year ot our Lord, 1 that no Copy thereof be retained. Tbti to the End that toa Spirit of «id Abigail Keeling, laU Applethwalt«, may find reit. She having appeared to Ha and ao beaongbt, on thiaTwo . Ràxia AppjxnrrAJxc" It was clear, I thought, rrdm'the, unbroken seals, and the unfulfilled'roquéát, that these last lines had been read by no eyes save my own) 'Probably the children of the stern and fanatical bid Puritan, as I had heard him described by AuntEleanór, knowing of the first clause of this writing, had 'unwillingly allowed the clothes and letters to remain undisturbed, yet securely hidden away, in the old chest, never Buspecting the addition that had been made to the writing. And it had fallen to me, at last, to make the discovery. Strange revelation of the hard, cruel fanaticism and superstition of the ** pious Puritans !w Pro- fessing to have given up their'homes in the Old "World, and to have braved and endured all things in the New, for the sake of Christ, they had yet never learned that first lesson taught by Him-for- giveness and mercy 1 This was exemplified in the first clause of this singular document As to the second-could it have been the effect of a remorse- ful conscience, or had'the old Puritan been indeed haunted by the restless spirit of his sinful and un f orgiven wif e, who could not rest so long m these mementoes of her sin and shame existed on earth P In that case, the ghost* might be wandering still» and suppose-suppose it should appear here, to me, to-night ! The thought awakened no thrill of dread. I had firm nerves, and was not superatitiously in- clined. The clock on the mantelpiece striking ten aroused ne. I arose, disrobed, retired ; first locking my door, and then turning down the kerosene lamp, which generally burned all night in my room. I was sqon asleep ; yet was my slumber haunted by strange dreams and visions. First, I was failing from a great height, yet held up by an invisible hand. Then some one was pursuing me-I saw its shadow cast before me, yet, when I looked behind, nothing was visible. I tried to escape, but the un- seen presence still pursued, until at length, in a sud- den terror, I awoke. My brow was bathed in a cold perspiration, and I found myself almost trembling with the horror of my dream. Even my awakening did not dispel it. There was still a haunting, mysterious consciousness of a presence near; and under this influence, I turned my bead without otherwiso moving, and ooked around. The lamp was burning dimly, and the red glare of the coal-fire, now beginning to smoulder, illumined the apartment with a weird and uncertain light. And full in that light, in my own arm chair, beside the writing-table, was seated a tall, shadowy figure, whose palé face gleamed in ghastly white relief against the shadowy background. With a strong effortl suppressed the cry that rose to my lips. Surely, I thought, I must be still dream- ing ; and, summoning all my courage and self- pos sessiori, I lay still, and deliberately studied the figure before me. l - . - It could not be human. I had locked my door upon retiring, and the house had also been secured. JNo one could have scaled the walls''and entered at the windows, which were, both sash and blind, also secured. And, if not human, what could it be P I looked more closely. The .figure was that of a woman, robed in a long loose white dress, over which was thrown a dark cloak ' or shawl. She was bare- foot, and her hair hung over her shoulders. The face, as well as I could perceive, was that of a woman of thirty, with Tegular features, and large, hollow, glit- tering eyes. " Aunt Applethuiaäe'sgTiostr* The thought flashed upon me with a sudden shock. Despite my boasted ñrm nenes, I felt chilled with terror It was of no use now to repeat to myself that there were "no such things ss ghosts." My faith, never entirely arm upon the point, was now utterly overthrown before this visible and tangible proof to (he contrary It could not possibly be any- thing humanj.neither wss it a delusion of my senses. It muet be a spirit For a long time the apparition sat perfectly still, except a slow rocking motion of the body I began to meditate the possibility of escape The key was m the door If I could reach it noiselessly ! And just at that moment the ghost turned its face, with a quiclc, nervous motion, in the direction of the bed where I Lay I heard the rustling of its garments, and its faint footfalls as it approached, ana I closed my eyes m att agony of terror The moment m which that white girl bent over me seemed an age And then I heard a laugh-a low, suppressed, gurgling laugh, unlike any sound thai had ever before met my ear, and then the trailing garments swept away from the bed. k ForA long time I dared not open my eyes. With -a wonderf ul, unnatural coolness and deliberation, I questioned within myself as to whether the sight of that apparition-the ghost of that wicked and mvi happy woman who had died so many years before, and now reappeared upon earth-would not affect -my senses-would not drive me mad? And I de- termined to keep both my eyes and my ears closed, and thus await, as patiently as I could, the slow passing of the hours The night could not last for ever And besides, John would be home at half-past twelve It must be eleven now Oh, if. time would but move faster I I don t know how long I kept my resolution, but at length, impelled by a resistless impulse, I drew down the cover, and opened my eyes. The lamp was burning brightly now Before my toilet-table stood the apparition, combing out and plaiting her long hair, and-gracions heavens 1 dressed in the garments-the veritable garments-^of Aunt Applethwaite, which Luz» had left upon the lounge when she came to my room to change her dress for another I watched her motions as she stood plaiting her hair, and finally commenced putting on the pearl ornamenta which lay on the toilet. Once or twice ^she smiled, and tossed her head, and then, looking steadfastly at her reflection m the mirror, she moaned and wrung her hands. Presently she held them up to the light. They were slender and white, but I saw, as she held them close to the light, that they were covered with blood ' I closed my eyes with a faint, sick horror. When I again looked she was washing her hands, with a nervous, stealthy motion, and with her face turned watchfully toward me And having concluded this task, she sat down in the arm- chair, and held her palms to the fire as if to dry or wann them. Pre- sently she took up the letters which lay on the tablet I saw her give a sudden start, 1 heard an exclama- tion , and the next moment she was standing, tall and straight, on the hearth-rug, tearing the pariera to pieces in a phrensy of excitement, and throwing them into the fire " Bum ! burn ! burn '" I heard her mutter r" burn, as your soul may burn for ever, false tailor and liar! Bural and may-" Here she paused, and turned suddenly to me. In the extremity of my terror, I had risen up* right on my pillow, and it was this motion which bad attracted her attention She stood for a moment, her Mark eyes glaring on me, and then she began to move, .or, rather, glide noiselessly toward me with the soft, stealthy motion of a panther Desperate with fright I sprang up The next mo- ment the cold hands of Aunt Applethwaite's ghost were clasped closely upon my shoulders, the temblé eyes were glaring full into my own, and the low, bor nble laugh mseinir and gurghngm my ear With one wild cry, I lost all consciousness The first thing of which I was aware, upon recover- ing from that death like swoon, was a hand upon my forehead, and a facebendmg over me With a shriek, I-threw aside'the- hand, and started up "Eleanor! for. God's-sake, Eleanor, tell me what au) yon P What hat happened f It was John's voice, and the soft hand had been Lizzie's " Oh, brotber.teotber I Thank God j ou are hera '" was all J could. aay.-And at the moment the clock on tlw mantelpiece struck one. "What has happened, child? Tell me!" "Ob, John, ate has been here !" "Whof" "Aunt Applethwaite-her ghost!" John and Lizzie looked blankly at each other, and Kitty, standing by with water and restoratives, glanced quickly over her shoulder, and drew nearer tous I ' ,_ " Eleanor^ child, you nave been dreaming." ?" "It was riot a dream, John I tell you-oh, believe me, brother! I saw it, as plainly as I see yon now, sitting there, in that chair, all dressed in those things or Aunt Applethwaite's which Lizzie left on the lounge " " Tile things aro there now," said Lizzie -So they were. I saw the dress hanging over the back of the lounge, and the shoes and fan lying near John whispered to Kitty, who went out and pre- sently returned with Doctor Marshall Tknewlittlo of what was said or done, so utterly prostrated was I in body and mind. , In the morning however, I told my story clearly \ and rationally, as I thought, to the doctor and John Bnt I conld not convince them I saw that they behaved me to have been, ed mdeed they gently strove to inpress upon me, the victim of a dream or delusion of, some sort And what excited my own wonder, was the fact that no trace whatever could be discovered in mj room of the presence of either a ghost or ahuman being There was no bloody water in the basin, there were no remnants of burnt paper on the hearth, and yet the letters could no Vherebe found. The doctor said I was to be kept very quiet, and, so soon as I should be able, removed to Aunt Eleanor's, to whose skilful nurong and cheerfnl presence he trusted my speedy recovery from the nervous shock I had experienced So some days passed, and the terror of Aunt Applethwaite's ghost had by no means faded from my mind. A solemn awe had fallen upon me, as upon those who have beheld spiritual things, un- seen by others. One evening I was sitting at Lizzie's window, which looked down upon our garden and the one next door. In the latter two persons were walking -Mrs. Kant, our neighbour, and a tall slender lady, handsomely dressed. They walked slowly down the garden-walk, and then turned back As they I drew nearer, my eyes fixed upon the face of this I lady. She looked up, and seeing me, stood suddenly I still-then raised her hand and shook it menacingly 1 atme. My sudden'cry brought John'and Lizzie imme- diately to my side. "The ghost!" I gasped. "Aunt Applethwsite'e ghostly u " Nonsense, Eleanor. That is Miss Harrison, the invalid sister of Mrs. Kent, and of whom you have heard her apeak." "Oh, John, she is like-so exactly like that dread- ful apparation 1" John's face flushed suddenly, then paled. u Stay quietly here, Eleanor, till I come back." He returned in an hour, accompanied by Doctor , Marshall and. Mr. Kent. " My dear young lady," said the doctor, cheerfully, " it was all a mistake on your part about Mistress Applethwaite's ghost-a most unfortunate mistake, and, it must be admitted, not unnatural, when the circumstances are considered." "Poor little sister!" said John, drawing me ten- ' derlytoward him ; " how youmust have suffered P' " We can never forgive ourselves," observed Mr. Sent, looking distressed ; " and I 'fear neither can Miss Eleanor forgive us for having been the indirect and unconscious cause of such suffering to herself." "What is it all, John fn Then they told me. It was all clear and simple enough now. Miss Harrison was Mrs. Kentfs sister. Ten years previous, wfeen a gay and pretty girl, her affections had been won by a young man whom she promised to marry. The wedding-day arrived, and the girl, dressed in her bridal attire, awaited her groom. He never came ; but instead, came a package of letters; sent by a woman whom those letters proved4o be the lawful wife of the treacherous lover. Since then, Miss Harrison had been for years an inmate of an insana asylum, until recently, when she had been allowed to visit her sister-keeping very. Suiet, under pretence of being an invalid, he had behaved very_ well, Mr. Kent said, until some days previously, when she had been missed from her bed about ten o'clock at night, and could nowhere be found, until, about twelve, she very quietly made her appearance, de aoanding- the attic-stairs from the skylight. In rais- ing this, she had broken some glass and cut her hands, _ . v ' It was easy to understand how~the*màdwoman, in a sudden accession of her disease, had walked along the nearly'flat roofs, and descended through the sky- light of our house, which happened not to be secured. Also, how ah,e had stolen into%,my apartment-at- tracted, probably, by the light and warmth-and there, upon hearing my approach, had concealed her- self in one of the closets until I retired ; and had, finally, before leaving, with the proverbial cunning of such imfortunates, carefully removed from the apartment all trace of her presence. Thus was explained the mystery of Aunt Apple- thwaite's Ghost; though I cannot even now, alter tho lapse of years, recall without a shudder the ter- rors of that night. 