THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER. PUBLISHED DAILY. PJI0QUES3I0X, OUR'RIGHTS. AND OUR RESOURCES. SAJffiHUjRST, THURSDA Y, DEC. L'S, 1S71. THE DIALECTICAL SOCIETY AND THE SPIRITISTS. ' It cannot bo very satisfactory to the' Spiritists to learn by this mail that the Dialec tical Society has completely given them up, has refused to have anything whatever to do with them, and has in fact thrown its weight ' and influence into the balance against them selves and their doctrines. On very many occasions the support of this Society has been triumphantly pointed to by colonial spiritists as a proof that a logical and argu mentative reasoning on spiritual phenomena results in establishing a belief in them in the minds of learned and scientific wen. Unfortunatoly, however, for those who pro fess to hold communication with departed human beings, the Dialectical Society never either expressed or entertained any opinion ■favorable to their views. It consented in deed in 1S69, after some other learned asso ciations had been pressed to do so in vain, to form a committee for tho purpose 01" making investigations into the doings of Mr. Home and others. The committee, 011 which we are told by the London papers that Pro fessor Huxley, Mr. C. H. Lewis, Dr. Chapman (of the H'e-siDiiiisfer Bevieio), Dr. C. 11. Drysdale, and Mr. Foxbourne declined, more or less contemptuously, to act, consisted of twenty-eight persons, and was divided into six sub-committees. After in stituting inquiries for two years and a half, they at length compiled a report, 011 present ing which, Public Opinion states that the committee "met. with a severe rebuff, for the. Dialectical Society saw pretty clearly that its committee desired to make use of the philosophical reputation of the Society as a catspaw, and politely declined to print the report of tho committee, '' under the sanc tion of the Society." We are not therefore to be told any longer by the Spiritists that they have the support of the Dialectical Society. The statement has been made, no doubt, through some misunderstanding, for we do not wish for a moment to insinuate that, emanating as it did from many highly respectable persons, it was not fully be lieved by them to be true. If the lengthened inquiry by its cunmittee had elicited any thing worthy of being adduced as a proof of the truth of Spiritualism, the results of its labors would not have been con temptuously rejected, and all connection with it have been utterly repudiated. It might havo been reasonably expected that if any real foundation could bo shewn for a belief in spiritualistic com munications, a committee, such as that appointed by the Society, would havo been able in the time it occupied in pursuing its investigations, to have established the fact to the satisfaction of the Society. But this it entirely failed to do, and the onus and responsibility was thrown 011 the shoulders of the committee itself, the Society refusing to accept any of the evidence collected as demonstrative of the alleged occurrence of supernatural phenomena. A more dismal and distinct failure than that of the committee it is impossible to conceive. Speaking of the report, Public Opinion says—"The solid residuum of fact which it contains, is that one or two sensible gentlemen have heard noises, for which they are puzzled to account, but which one or two other sensible gentlemen, present at the same time, profess themselves able to ex plain in a manner not very complimentary to the Spiritualists." After such a story as that of the elongation of Mr. Home's body to eleven inches beyond its natural height, the Spiritists cannot be surprised at hearing themselves and their doings spoken of in highly derogatory terms. To what end or purpose was this extraordinary miracle dis played, or what proof was given that it was performed by one who had arisen from the dead ? Lord Lindsay, who confessed to having been once troubled with the appari tion of a black dog, through which he could poke his stick, and which followed him about until he found a refuge from his spectral tormentor in the Army, witnessed the terrible stretching out to which the bones and muscles of Mr. Home were subjected. It does not seem to have struck him with wonder at all that the spinal cord of the extended gentleman was not snapped, and 110 one present was able to say for certain whether his raiment was rent in the act or not. One person thought ho saw a space be tween his waistcoat and trousers. Perhaps Mr. Home wore clothes of some elastic material, or in " tho religions twilight," which we are told is necessary for the accomplishment of marvellous spiritualistic feats, they may really have suffered injury without the fact being noticed by the on lookers. It is curious to note, as pointed out by Public 0}nnion, that " the admission of light, the presence. of a sceptic, of a scientific man, or even of a professed con juror, scares the spirits off." Why should a professed conjuror be so greatly dreaded by them ? One feels inclined to suspect that some imposition is practised, of a somewhat similar nature to the tricks of the jugglers. Here again, however, we wish to guard our selves from any appearance of an intention to say anything which might be understood as calling the honesty of some very excellent persons in question, who have a tendency towards a spiritualistic belief. There are people in our own district, of whose sincerity wo have 110 doubt, and 011 whose integrity we would not cast a shadow of a doubt, who we believe have merely fallen into error, and are the victims of a delusion, for which, as they find themselves unable to account, they find it impossible to shake off. Whether they have been betrayed into this state by any juggling operations, is another question. Wejiave not been behind the scenes, and we do not believe those ingenuous persons to whom we refer have been permitted to be there either. When the spirits manifest . themselves in a light in which the whole of the ninthly surroundings can bo clcarly seeiu and when they show 110 feat' of thft^restlUOe of suclrsharp deteetiVca 'ftS lWnh of science, and professed vo^a, their proceedings will not bo optsA to 'the same degree of sus picion th'r.t t.hoy are at present. ! On this subject wo may be permitted to make a very apt quotation from a late number of the London Examiner: "Mr. Homo" (says that journal) "'has nuveryet by himself moved a billiard (able in the presence of sceptics. Tile spirits prefer a little loo table on easily running castors. . . . . Let tlwm move, not a trumpery little table, but say, the Wellington statuo. If they can move Uio one, they can move the other. Let Mrs. Guppy call down a shower of jonquils in Trafalgar Square. Let Mr. Home iloat from the clock tower to the York column." This is pre cisely the position the public has a right to take with the teachers of spiritism. They may fairly demand some unmistakable sign or test that the departed communicate with the living, and are ablo to perform marvel lous things. No absolute proof has over yet been adduced of their power to do either. When doubts are expressed on tho subject, the spiritists invito the unbelieving to couio and seo for them selves, thus placing themselves on a footing with Hondin or Heller, or indeed with conjurors of far less ability or celebrity. What is tho use of watching tho perform ances of a really clever and accomplished conjuror? We are, so to speak, placed by him in a darkened room, even as tho dupes of the Spiritist delusion are; that is to say, he is careful that -we are placed in such a position, aud in such a light, that there shall-bo 110 chancoof our detecting the secretsof his tricks. And, to what purpose should we bo dragged to a seance at which quite as clever people as ourselves have been puzzled, and have found themselves unablo to give an explana tion of the mystorious noises and sights im perfectly heard and seen by them i Trulj we might bo enabled, as some people, have been, to detect a gross imposture. We might, by a chance, get a peep through a neglected rent in- the curtain disguising a juggle; but such tell-tale poop-holes are not always, nor, wo may assume, often,.forgotten, and for one person who may bo accidentally let into the secret tl\ero will most likely bo hundreds who will bo baffled in their attempts to see through the illusion. What truth that has ever been firmly impressed on the intelligence of man has been unablo to stand the test of the light? It is nonsense to ask us to credit a lot of preposterous stories told by persons sitting in partial darkness, in a state of high expectation, or of nervous excitement, who ara predisposed to believo every sound that may strike their ears to bo of super human origin, as the thief is predisposed to' seo a constable in every bush, and as timidly superstitious people are predisposed in some lonely place, and nt the witching hour of night, to recognise the presenco of a ghost in the rustlo of a dry leaf s\\\ ept along their path by the wind. We must not be asked to accopt as real, the shapes which things may take when tlio surroundings are such as to create, and minister to, a disordered imagina tion. The Dialectical Society has rejected all the testiniouv industriously gathered by its committeo during two years and a half, as going only to show that the weaknesses of wit nessess have been worked upon, and that they have been deceived as "thousands of wondering spectators have been deceived by Houdin and Heller, and a host of other skil ful necromancers. 