MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. At Forbes on Thursday a man named fioss was seriously injured in consequence of having fallen off a loaded dray and the wheel passing over liini. On the same evening Ross's wife fell into the Sre, upsetting a pot of boiling water and extensively scalding herself. A Geseuax. meeting of the Mnrrumbidgee Pastoral Association is to be held in Wagga Wfleca on the 6th October. The application made to the Minister cf Mines for permission to place boats ou the Malmsbury reservoir, and referred by him to the Crown Law Officers, has been refused. " A Mk Henderson, of New York, has undertaken the task of eating a partridge a day for thirty days, between the hours of 9 and 10 a.m., for a wager of SOOdul. a side. He has been forced to change the mode of cooking them two or three times; and whether nausea will overcome him or not, is exercising the betting fraternity in his neighbourhood considerably. A Woman named Dowing, whose husband is now in New Zealand, was found in an empty bouse at Ballarat totally unprovided with the necessaries of life for herself and a newly-born infant. The miners engaged in sinking the shaft of the Darling Company at Pleasant Creek had a narrow escape from severe injury, if not death, one day last week. While the whin) boy was absent from the surface, two or three mischievous larrikins prowling about removed the covering from an 'air-shaft, about twelve yards from the mouth of the abaft, and which communicates with the latter some distance below. Down this they hurled several pieces of rock of various sizes, the large.it being about seven pounds in weight. Had not the men heard them cominc, they would in all probability have been killed, as the shaft is over four hundred feet deep; but bearing the stones descending, they held a plank, which was , fortunately at hand, above them, upon which the missiles fell with great force. A private trial (says the Age) of a new explosive compound, styled giant powder, was mode at the Sandridge butts on Saturday afternoon, and the result proved satisfactorily. The trial consisted of the propulsion of a 32 lb spherical shot, from a mortar. A charge of } oi of the best blasting powder was first tried, hut this only carried the shot eighteen inches above the mouth of the weapon. A quarter of an oz of the giant powder was next tried, and the shot was sent a distance of 60 feet. A J oi charge threw the shot about 13!) feet, and f oz of the powder sent it several hundred feet. A metal plate, three inches in thickness, was rent in two by the explosion of a small portion of the powder on top of it. The ship Champion of the Seas had a narrow escape from total destruction by fire while lying at Oallao. On the night of the S0:h June Captain B-iillie discovered flames issuing from the main hold, and it was only after two hours' hard work with the steam pump that the fire was subdued. It is supposed that one of the crew, who was or pretended to be insane, set fire to the ship. People on the outskirts of the crowd at the Haymarket fire on Friday night were rather surprised by hiaring the inquiry from two very small urchins, " Please will you tell us the way to North Sandridge f" One little chap was about eight, and the other about five. Neither of them bad a hat on, and the youngest was also devoid of his hoots. The elder boy said their names were M'Kechney, and they saw the fire from out side the place where they lived in Sandridge. Thinking it was only at the outside of that township they started off to have a look at it, but the farther they went the more the fire seemed to run away. However, they wouldn'; give up, and bo ran right to Melbourne, and at last reached the fire while still in full blaze. The boys when once started on tho road back, lost all their fright, and the young one—of whom his brother took occasion to remark, u This little fellow, sir, never saw a firel"—was full of delight over his introduction to such an incredible wonder. A ba'bjian named Thomas Wilson was walking the wharf on the Lower Tarra, when he suddeuly took off his coat and jumped into the river. A rope was thrown to him, but he did not avail himself of it, and one of the spectators then went down a rope, and held liitn above water until a second rops was thrown, and the would-be suicide was then handed up. The only -cause assigned for the attempt was that a young woman for whom Wilson had an affection had ca ' him off. On Krid iy night the water in the Malmsbury Reservoir registered 47ft upon the gauge—a height which has not been previously reached this reason. There was a heavy flood passing over both hywashes, this being the first occasion upon which more than one bywash was brought into play, and the Coliban was running higher than it has done since the heavy floods ol last year. The Nelson trip takes place on Thursday, and tbeNew South Wales delegates to thn Conference leave Victoria on Friday; what work they have i yet to do will therefore have to be got through pretty smartly. A Chinaman named Ah Cow committed suicide at Seymour on Friday, by cutting his throat in front of a looking-glass. By way of accounting for the act, the brother of the deceased explained that he was afraid of ghosts. Captain Paddle, of the Rangatira, reports the Malacca, with the Megara'B men, has arrived at the Sound, bound for Sydney. The chief officer had returned by the mail to England to be present at the court-martial. Over £209,000 worth of wool has already been brought to Sydney on American account. In connection with the now celebrated Tichborne case, the Age understands that Mr Stewart (of M.illeson, England and Stewart) has offered a reward of £100 for Tom CaBtro's famous •Wagga Wagga pocket-book. Colonel Kanxet's drcnm, that population must precede irrigation, was founded on bis Indian experience. We may turn to another land, and dealing with an Anglo Sazon and no I a Hindoo race with a new country, and not &n; old, may show that irrigation must often precede population. " Eighteen months ago," says a writer in the New York Christian Union, '• the antelope grazed unmolested on the banks of the Cache lo Poudre.1' Within a few miles of that stream, as we gather from his letter, there is now established the " Union Colony," and the flourishing township of Greely. The colony was founded by a co operative band, drawn together by an advertisement in the papers. The agents appointed by the adventurers went beyond the confines of the settled district, selected a spot in the wilderness, but a spot with a fertile soil, and facilities for irrigation from the Cache la Poudre. i There was not a living thing to be seen in the ' locality in April, 1870, but wild deer and prairie hogs. Colonel Sankey would bave scouted the i idea of irrigation then and there, but tbe founders of Union Colony did not. They were not engineers, but they were men with their wits about tbem and their livings to get, and they cut races and brought water to their farms. Tbe main canal waB made at tbe general cost, and each coloniet then cut his own irrigating ditches, which served also as boundary lines, and were found no more expensive thon fences. . The correspondent of the Christian Union speaks in terms of surprise of the magnitude ol tbe crops of wheat, turnips, and potatoes, which are produced by a glowing sun and by running water. He narrates a conversation with one settler:— "' But is it not very tedious work to keep the ditches in order?' 'Wot in this soil. It cakes and hardens as aoon as the water flows through. A furrow from a plough is all the ditch a garden needs, connecting, of course, with the large ditches.' So talked every one- Man after man told tbe same hopeful, cheerful, contented story.'' Juat thu same eotororiae as founded Union Colony • w« hope to see it brcnlc out [ some dsy, and contradict Colonel Sa^ kev's reasoning by the i-.-ezorabie logic of facts: It may; for, after all, we have more of the modern Retire American (.bout us th«u .'he antique, sleepy Hindoo.—Telegraph. ' vy Scab is Sheep.—It is satisfactory to be assured for certain that the pest of scab in sheep has disappeared from many districts throughout the country, the portions of the colony in Which it exists being the mountainous district of the Goulburn, and the country ljing between the Lower Glenelg and the South Australian border. So far as the Goulburn is concerned, active measures are being taken by stock- owners to check the disease ; but sufficient time has not lapsed to test the result of the remedies applied. Unfortunately fortbeir neighbors, and, we should imagine, for themselves as well, it has been asserted that the settlers on the Glenelg seem to care very little as to whether their sheep are infected with scab or 110, as they have so far shown Out slight activity in endeavoring to eradicate it and until such is done, there is every probability or clean districts becoming re infee'ed. The Hexham settlers have been the tirst effectually to j rid their district of scab in sheep, anil we learn that next week that district will be proclaimed as clean, in the Government Gazette. If all the stocbowners would go at it with a will, it would ' not be lon» before scab was bauisbed from Victoria.—Herald. Toe Weight of Bread —As a rule (says the Age), none of the bread delivered in Melbourne is of the standard weight. What is nominally a two paund loaf in reality contains less than one pound and three quarters of bread. This i3 a serious deficiency, especially in a larce family, where there is a considerable consumption of the staff of life. Tradesmen are frequently fined for having light weights and short measures in their potseasion, but the baketa work iu a more artistic manner. They keep their scales and weiets in good order, but fail to weigh their bread properly. In England it ia compulsory upon every baker to* carry a pair of scales in each of his carts, and weigh the bread on delivery if desired. The same regulation is adopted here, but has fallen into disuse and ia a dead letter. The inspectors of weights and measures for the different boroughs would not be going out cf their province if they were to take this matter in hand, with a view of putting a stop to a fraud which is now bein" perpetrated almost as a matter of right. ° BiGAirr and DESEsrroy.—One of the most discraoeful cases that has ever been reported in Auckland was the talk of the town on Saturday (states the Southern Cross, 11th September). A married man, who followed the occupation of sharebroker, and whose wife, a lady of moat respectable family, at present resides with her four little children at Panrnze—has marr.ed and eloped with another woman. On Thursday it appears he went through the form of mamW having, we are informed, obtained the consents the girl s fa-ber, who was at the Thames, by fal-e representations In company with his paramour he left Auckland for San f rancisco in the Nevada His rascality, however, did not end with the de ' sertion of his wife and children. Alter hit departure it was found that he had disposed of various parcels of shares entrusted to him, drawn the money, and decamped with the whole proceeds. i\lr Stovin states his loss at over £2C0 and we hear there are other sufferers to a larce amount. fa A Tale.of Cruelty at Sea.—New York August 11.—An almost incredible statemeut is published of cruelty on board tba ship Sardio Captain Cunningham, of B >s!on. from 8an'Francisco to Liverpool, wiih wheat, D, camber 8th Another sickening tale is told of tl e ship Marv Brune, Captain Arthur, from San Francisco to Uong Kong. .The Sardio carried a crew of six teen, shipped in S,n Francisco for the round trip tive of them arrived in the ship Prus<iana, on iuesdiy last, and nro at the new Sailor's Home on Pearl Street. One of this number, Charles . ®"ron,s' 8ays that during the first thir:y days out the crew were treated with humanity by tile thpm'n' Wf r!£?met no pains to make them comfortable; but after this, Cunningham began us erue.tie. by knocking one of the crew on the head with the butt 0f bis revolver. The men were put in irons fed on sea biscuit and salt water and not allowed to removed their clothing U. Johnson, John Henmng, and Tourney Wil liams were placed m donble irons, their hand, behind their backs; aud thus they were triced up for twelve hours. When taken down they were unable to stand and their shoulders were d°£ J°»'m ' captain with a billet of wood beat them to compel them to rise. Findinjf that they were unable to do so, be jerked them up the assistance of the boatswain. Hammond put their shouldtrs snto the proper pis itions and compelled them to man the pnmna. He stood over them with a rattan, laying it on their bare backs whenever they slackened their speed. They were kept at this until they fell to the deck senseless Sworda and the co k interferes, backed by three or four more of the crew whereupon the captain drew his revolver and threatened to shoot thein down for mutiny if they did not go forward. This they refused to do until they had taken care of the men who had been so shockingly maltreated Tbe captain called his mates, and put the whole watch in irons. At first they were put on shurt allowance and then bread and water, and finally, before reaching Liverpool, they were given nothing but raw wheat to eat. They were compelled to work I and lie in trons^eacb alternate four hours during the remainder of the voyaee. 