TOWN TALK. The sittings of the Circuit Court will be resumed this morning, when the German town rape case will be the first disposed of. This will be the fourth sensual case that has occupied the attention of the court on this occasion, and will bring the criminal sittings to a close. The civil business will then be commenced, and a host ot legal talent, including Mr Ireland, Q.C, Mr George Higinbothain, Mr Williams, Mr Molesworth, Mr Walsh, and Mr M'Der ■ mott will take part in the proceedings. A number of tenders for various public works to be performed under the new schedule prepared by the corporation, will be received by the public works committee on Thursday. The works comprise the kerbiug anil channelling of a number of | streets in the suburbs of the town. A court for the revision of the supple mentary lists of electors entitled to vote for members of the Legislative Assembly was held on Tuesday. The Mayor, Messrs. Panton, P.M., and Connor presided. Only one alteration in the spelling of a name was made, and the lists were passed. A very nasty accident was brought | about in Moorabool-street 011 Tuesday by furious driving, by means of which Mr Anderson, the plumber, lost a valuable horse. Prom what we could gather it appears that at about 5 p.m. Mr Anderson's man was driving up the street, when just above the junction ot Ureat iiyrie-sireet he saw Messrs Wade and Co.'s cart, driven bj' a xnan in their employ, coming down the street at a furious pace. Neither parties it is said were clearly on their right side, but Mr Anderson's man was the nearest to his. The other driver, who could not pull up quick enough, shouted out to hiin hut it was too late. The oif shaft of Messrs. Wade and Co.'s cart struck Anderson's horse full in the breast, penctrntiug twelve or fifteen inches and knocked the unfortunate brute down to the ground, from which it never rose again. Wade's man, it is stated, was thrown out by the concussion, but escaped with a shaking, and no other injury was done worthy of mention. Mr Lamblc, the veterinary surgeou, was im mediately sent for, and having probed the wound at once declared there was no hope of saving the injured animal, whose suffer ings were therefore quickly ended and the carcase conveyed away. The street all about where the collision occurred was running with blood, and, as usual in such a case, a variety of opinions were expressed as to which driver was in the wrong. This, however, will doubtless be decided by law, and in the meantime we would impress upon the police the necessity of at once causing furious drivers to pall up and go at a steadier pace, or a fatal accident will nrobably be the result. The Circuit Court was crowded through out the whole of Tuesday, the great attrac tion being the trial of John Ponsford for criminally abusing a little girl of nine years of age. Great interest appeared to be taken in the case (the detnils of which were exceedingly disgusting), not.only inside the court, but in the town, where the prisoner had for a number of years been looked upon as a respectable man. The trial com menced at about eleven, when the Crown Prosecutor, after making a short opening address, placed the little prosecutrix in the box, and there the poor child had to stand nearly three hours, during which time the eminent counsel engaged subjected her to searching examinations and cross-examina tions. Prom what was elicited from her and three other littie girls of about her own age it would appear that Ponsford, whose shop was near their school, had been in the habit of giving them lollies, &c.;, to allure them into his den, and there subject ing them to most scandalous treatment. There were a few discrepancies in the evidence given by the girls, but these were not sufficiently important to invalidate their testimony, supported as it afterwards was by the medical evidence. This went clearly to show that the prosecutrix had been injured, and despite a very clever address made by Mr Moleswovth, it became the general impression that Ponsford had been guilty of—tc say the least—an in decent assault. Contrary to expectation, however, his Honour's summing up was rather favourable than otherwise to the prisoner, and after beins in the box seven hours the jury retired to con sider their verdict. What this would he ?—after the Judge's summing up— caused a considerable amount of specula tion, and in about half an hour they brought in a verdict of " Guilty of. an attempt to commit a capital crime," and tiie prisoner was remanded for sentence. During tlic earlier stages of the trial, Pons ford appeared cool and collected, hut as witness after witness was called, a nervous twitching of the hands dcuoted that he began to appreciate the shameful position in which his sensuality bad placed him. Little sympathy was shown for him, lut a great deal was expressed for his unfortu nate family, whom he has so much dis graced. About a twelvemonth ago a very com- j plcte catalogue of the Mechanics' Institute Library was compiled and published by Mr , Wheatland, hut the increase in the number j of books has, during the year, been so great that, with his accustomed attention to the requirements of the subscribers, the worthy secretary lias found it necessary to compile an addenda to the catalogue. This 'has been printed, and again renders the cata logue as complete as possible. The number of new books that baa beep added during the twelve months is close upon eight hunT dred, and the total number in the library is now estimated at about nine thousand volumes. In the course of his remarks pn Tuesday Mr Molesworth suggested that it would be advisable for the Legislature to introduce an act whereby children of tender years might be examined in a court of justice without going through the dumb form of kissing the bible, which he termed a mockery. There can be no donbt that if any child will not tell the truth after say ing she will do so, it is not kissing the sacred book tliat will make her do so, and Mr Molesworth's remarks are worthy of the consideration of ourlaw-makers. On Saturday last the officers of the Bal larat Lodge of the United Order of Odd fellows visited Darriwil. their object being to open the Loyal Darriwil Lodge at the Plough Hotel. This pleasing ceremouy was successfully performed, and the fol lowing officers appointed, viz.:—Brothers Jolin Dalley, U.G.; Thomas llobinson, V.G.; Allan M'Lean, secretary; Thomas Obey, JLF. A sumptuous repast, pro vided by host Robinson, was then vigor ously discussed, and a ramble through the adjoining vineyards . enabled the Bal •larat visitors to spend a most agreeable day. Among other "causes" which will be tried at the Circuit Court to-day, will be that of Lawrence, v. Shire . Council of - Bar rabool, for damage done by the drainage of I<i>ke JitPdeiYflrrfi . Nothing "is' niore remarkable than the want of consideration too often shewn by persons • "occupying"' subordinate official positions. It was known that the criminal celendar for the General Sessions must take some considerable time to dispose of. The cases were numerous, the charges serious, and certain to lead to protracted investigation. Notwithstanding, the special jurors were summoned for Monday, the very day the court opened. The criminal cases will not be finished till to-morrow, and yet some forly gentlemen have had to attend the court every day without any necessity whatever only to 'get discharged for that day. We trust this off-hand way of treating jurors will not be repeated ; it is an absurdity and a nuisance. At the trial of St. Auguste Simpt ffiven for rape, which is to be heard to day, the prisoner and Misty, the witness, as well as the prosecutrix, being German, it is understood that an application wilt be made 'to have one half of the jury com posed of German residents. The un-English-like practice of usinj3* a knife was severely commented upon oy his Honour Judge Harry, on luesday, when passing sentence on the man Whitney, who, in the heat of his temper stabbed auother man named Wayth. The jury brought in a verdict against him for mis demeanour only, but be was sentenced to sis weeks imprisonment, and ordered at the end of that time to find security that for the ensuing twelve months he would keep his temper, and his knife out of all her Majesty's liege subjects. There was only one case disposed of at the Central Police Court yesterday. A farmer who had travelled from Colae to attend the Criminal Circuit as a witness, was charged with the offence of drunken ness. The bench inflicted a fine of 5s, which was paid. A contemporary explains what we thought everyone understood that Lieut.-Coloncl Sanlcey will only be a; temporary sojourner here, reporting on the waterworks and making a proposition as to their future management. He will probably not stay longer than four months, and, according to the Telegraph, suggests that Mr Gordon, previously engaged by_ the Government, should he appointed his successor. The following is the official communication of Licut.-Colouel Sankey's appointment:—■ " The Viceroy has received a communica tion from the Governor of Victoria, asking that the services of a thoroughly competent engineer of experience in hydraulic works may be placed at the disposal of that Government for .about four months to afford it the benefit of his advice as to certain extension of irrigation works and schemes of water supply now under execu tion at Geelong and elsewhere. His Excel lency lias been pleased to select your chief eugineer, Lieutenant-Colonel Sankcy, for the duty, believing him to he fully competent to afford valuable advice on such matters, and as it is understood that he is willing to undertake the duty, and that arrangements can be made for supplying his place in Mysore during his temporary absence in Australia. I am to renucst that he mav lie relieved of bis duty mid instructed to pro. ceed to Melbourne on as early a date as practicable. Major W. It. Johnson, M c!.C., will offieintc as chief engineer in addition to his own duties." Lieutenant-Colonel Snnlcey during his absence receives the full pay of his appointment, and a special sunt of £500, with all travelling expenses in curred. Mr Sturgcss' cards have now been adopted by the Board of Education, anil are found of great service. Doubtless Mr Sturgcss will receive a substantial recogni tion of the services he has rendered to the public by suggesting such an easy and economical mode of correspondence. A correspondent, a pensioner, complains in a letter in another column, 011 behalf of himself and others, that, althnnyrh the authorised officer should have v^.fed this town at the commencement of the month to pay the pensioners, he has not yet arrived, and communications addressed to him have not been answered, afe this neg lect, and why? These men want their money at the earliest moment frequently; sometimes it has been anticipated. Hard earned generally, it ought to be promptly paid. We gather from the Argus that Execu tive and Cabinet meetings were held on Monday. The business transacted at the meeting of the Executive Council was of but little importance, with the exception of the appointment of a few magistrates in districts where honorary justices of the peace are required. The Cabinet were engaged for some time in the preparation of the Estimates, arid the consideration of various measures to be submitted to Parliament. The re port of the board of inquiry into the work ing of the Government Printing-office was also the subject of a lengthy deliberation, and the employes, trorn whom it is alleged Mr. Forres borrowed money, were ex amined. No absolute decision was arrived at, but it is probable that as Mr Fcrres is an old servant he will be allowed another chance. He will be reprimanded for past improprieties, his duties and responsibility will be more strictly defined, and the whole establishment will be placed on a different and better footing. A man named John Richardson Ellis has committed suicide at Melbourne, in consequence of the woman with whom he had been living, and to whom he appears to have been much attached, baying left him. He appears to have boeu very well connected, and to have been content to live on the woman's earnings. The Ballarat Evening Mail state, that the news that the defaulting etc-co) lector ot the hospital, Geo. Moore, had surrendered himself to the local police this (Tuesday) moriiing, created immense sensatien. Moore was broiight up at the Western Tidies Ciiuri and remanded for a week, bail being allowed. Shortly after leaving the court he was seen and spoken to by a number of persons about the streets. All sorts of rumours were in circulation as to the cause of Moore's return, but, in the interest- ot justice, it is well not to give publication to them at present. The detectives succeeded on Monday in re-arresting ■ the prisoner, Geo. Nixon, who escaped from the Melbourne gao! on Saturday. Detectives Muckay, Brown, and Daly found the fugitive on board a coal hulk, at the junction of the l'arr.i and Saltwater Kivers. He had sprained his ancle in jumping from the wall of the gaol, and was unable to proceed further. .Nixon was brought to the Swauston street lock-up. A preliminary inquiry was held on Monday by Mr Ellis, hcting-slieriif, into the conduct of the wardyfjh -M'Cahe and Cosgrove, who were on duty' when the escape was effected. IJoth oflieers liars been suspended, lie was brought up at the City 'Court yesterday, and remanded for seven days.' The Ballarat Star states that a meeting of the Cluncs Land Selectors' Lcngae waj held under the presidency of Mr John Beveridge, at jyiles's Club Hotel, on ijth April. Several speakers expatiated with much energy, and at considerable length, on the hardships suffered by diii'erent selectors, who, although they had scrupu lously complied with all the conditions, had not yet, owing to the neglect of the Go vernment, received their Crown grants. Others commented in severe terms on the injustice suffered by transferees in being debarred from the privilege |o which ttS original selectors would have been entitled, although in various instances a heavy Pr'" had been paid to the transferrors. The cul pable delay of the Lands Department iu dealing with transfers where all tho conditions had been carried out, and the evident contempt with which persons were treated who wrote repeatedly ou niatters important to them, and yet never received any answers, was discussed, and censured must emphatically. After considerable dis cussion as to the manner in which tack grievance should be brought before f'ie House, whether in the form of a pehln"' or otherwise, the secretary was instruct™ to consult with the representatives ot the district on the subject, with the view" having the matter dealt with soonM nnsnihlp. ■ Tiij Argus states:—The rumour it oairiitur ground that very shortly after l)it Biceti"? of the Assembly Mr Michie will tender his resignation as Attorney- General, owing to bis being unable to obtain a seat in Parliament. It is generally admitted ! that when this takes place, Mr Wrixon ! -ivill be transferred to the Attorney (,'iner.dship, hut great speculation is taking place as to who is to be his successor, ylanv names are spoken of, hut the general favourite appears to be Mr ICerferd. A correspondent of the Alhury Haiuier. writing from Corowa, says :—" The cli mate litre seems admirably adapted for the cultivation of the silk-worm. Mrs Iseill has been making some very interesting experiments lately in this new industry, anil she expresses herself as satisfied that with proper enre and management the propagation of the silk-worm in this dis trict may be made a commercial success. She intends prosecuting this new enter prise with vigour, and it is to be hoped that she will disseminate all the informa tion possible upon this interesting subject. 51 rs Keill's experiments clearly demon strate oue fact in reference to these delicate little strangers, and that is the wonderfully japid way in which they increase and mul tiply ia this climate. A week or two since one moth alone laid five hundred and sixty i eggs, and then quietly, and with evident satisfaction, gave up the ghost. It was about time. These eggs were put by on a shelf, as it was not supposed that they | would be hatched till next summer. The worms were, however, impatient to com mence the world on their own account, and one night last week they issued forth to the number of four hundred—just a day too late to be included in the census. If the propagation of the species goes on at this rate, la the cottrseof a few weeks there will not he a mulberry leaf from this- to Sydney." ' r.Ir M'Kean has been the cause of a hubbub iu the ^Melbourne City Court. lie behaved very Lacily to P. W.' Read, the j solicitor, who appears to have borne his attacks with lunch good temper. Eventu ally Air Sturt had to adjourn the court. The Geelong Race Course has now been securely fenced, and has been leased to ATr 1>anuister for two years at a yearly rental of .el 00. Air G. Berry's banquet committee are requested to attend a meeting this evening, when final arrangements are to be made. Chang, the Chinese giant, held his second levee at Geelong, last evening, at the Alcchanics' Institute. There was a large and far'uionable audience, and the levee was consequently highly successful. Chang was not only affable, but kept his many admirers in constant amusement by mak ing these who were tall enough in their own conceit compare with him. Occasionally he would bear oil a hat in triumph while the owner vainly endeavoured to rcacli his head, anil Chang hail even the assurance to decorate himself as a member of the Gielong cou ttabuiary, at the expense of the head-dress of a weti-i:n<n\a sergeant of police, who was present. Some humourous songs were rendered during the evening by Barrj wXeill, and if is needless "to say that these materially assisted the entertain ment. Air Singleton, the kestronogra piust, occupied u table in the centre of the liall, where he was engaged assi duously in the preparation of beautiful devices on card-board. The art is a novel one, hnt having been introduced will possibly find many imitations. It is es pecially well adapted for the representa tions of flowers, and few will fail to admire the accurate way in which the leaves and blossom of tlie English rose are exhibited by this simple contrivance. Chang will bold another levee this evening, when, no doubt, there will be a large number present to witness the greatest Chinaman in the world. The members of St. Patrick's Society are reminded that a special general meet ing will be held on the lGth proximo, to transact business of importance. Buyers and sellers of stock are again re minded thut a fair is to be held at the Leigh Koad to-morrow. The Corio Cricket Club have published the programme that will be observed at the Athletic Sports meeting, to be held on her Majesty's birthday. After a perusal, the public, as also intending competitors will acknowledge that the prizes offered are such as ought to draw a numerous at tendance. An interesting game of cricket will be playc-d on the Corio ground on Saturday next between married and single mulls, sides to be chosen by Messrs A. C. Macdonald and James Strachan. The following gentlemen have signified their willingness to take part in the match:—Married—Messrs A. C. Macdonald, G. F. Belcher, John Middle miss, II. B. Lane, S. V. Buckland, IV. T. Morris, Captain Martin, P. F. Macdonald, Dr. Stodart, E. R. Lennon, D. Longden, C. A. Mount, M. L. Dennys, Geo. Staveley, and J. R. Morris. Single—Messrs James Strachan, E. H. Lascelles, P. Rose, T. X. TVhyte, F. Thomas, — Jackson, R. Miller, F. Pincott, IV. Crompton, Charles Smith, C. Mudie, and II. A. Wbvte. A smulj admission fee will he charged, and the pro ceeds will go to the Ladies Benevolent Seciety. Croquet notches, in which several ladies have promised to take part, will also form a part of the programme. 