JAMES' LUSTRE LINE OF PONTIFFS, No, VII. Anastasius II., a.d. 496. This Pope is not held in favour by the high-flying anathema- tizers ; who accept his predecessors as the models of Christian meekness and love. He was a little more moderate in his claims over heaven and hell than most of his predecessors, and this is enough to exclude him from a place of high dignity' and honour , in the estimation of his infalli ble successors now. Yet James of Maitland must accept him as one of the "lustre line," who by their virtue and learning, have, as he says,- shed such lustre on the Romish Church. By all good "church- men " this Pope is denied the honour of having been a saint. JW o do not find his name in the calendar as among the " blessed," to ivhom prayers are to be offered for his intercession in heaven, and the lessons of whose " holy life " are to be periodically read for: the comfort of the fiiithfiil. He stands accused in the Ponti fical Book of having communicated with a heretical deacon of Thessalonica, who had persisted in lidding communion Avith the anathematized Acaoius of Constanti nople. The Roman Catholic historian Platina tells iis that this Pope Avas seduced by tills heretic, and so became himself so much a heretic that the " Faithful" Avith- dreAv from him. So free Avas this Pope from the cursing and anathematizing spirit of his predecessors, and of most of his successors, that he dared to express a doubt as to the perdition of any one avIio happened to bo excommunicated from the See of Rome. In reference to one of his predecessors. Pope Felix, and the famous Bishop Acacius, Avhom Felkc had excommunicated. Pope Anastasins refused to decide as to the efficacy of the excommunication. — " Felix and Acacius, said the unpopelike Anasta sins, " are noAV before a higher tribunal ; leave them to that unerriug judgment," He died suddenly, and his enemies said thatit Avas the judgment of God for his heresy ! Platina gives a particular, account of his horiible death, and accepts the ex planation that it Avas the judgment of God for his apostacy ! The Romish poet, Dante,i interpreting the Ohureh's feeling against, this heretical Pope, picture, s him as being in hell for his leniency to . the heresy of Constantinople ! .Yet - Anastasins II.' was Pope , of Rome, and one of the lustre line of ja3ies of Maitland ! He reigned nearly tAVO years, and during his time he ordained twelve priests and bishops ! Now, ' as the Pope was heretical, what about' the " Apostolical succession" of the priests and bishops who received ordination from him ? What if James of Maitland has ve- ceiA'kl his " orders " from those avIio veceivetl - tlieir orders irora iinastasms i Will his " orderis " be AralM, since he may . have received, them i/woify'A a Pope Avho Avas once a heretic and Avho is noAv in hell?; , ' t , The next pope who appeared on the throne was Symmachus I. a;d., 498. He did not got his papal honor without a contest. Some of the clergy took, his sidorand chose hini in tlie 'churoh bf St. John Laterau to be pope ; but othei-s of the clei-gy chose one Laurence, in the church of St. Maria Maggiore. These CAVO factions met each other AA'ith wild and fierce passions, in the churches and streets of Rome, and the streets and churches of the city Avere filled Avith the 'slain ! The dispute Avas referred to tlie Gothic King, Theodoric, an Allan, a heretic,- and by the decision of this Avian King, Symmachus AAm con firmed in the pontificate ! Not long after, however, the , strife .broke, out afresh. Charges of immorality Avere laid agamst Symmachus, supported by some .- noble mati-dns of Rome:' lie was imra- isoned in Rimini, but escaped, and coming to Rome, where Lawrence was with his faction civil war again arose, and multitudes on both sides were murdered, both clergy and laity. Not' even the so-called Holy Virgins escaped ! By the voice of a council, to which Symmachus submitted the charges referred to, he Avas acquitted, and received ' permission to "offer the divine mysteries tp; the christian people !" Here, then, was another most 'lustrous" link in the chain of infallible popes. He was chosen by a brutal and murderous faction, and fought his way to the Tiara, through seas of blood. The election of Sym machus was not in any. way more legal or valid than tliat - of Lawrence ; but his . fac tion was the stronger, and oo;nsequently,' victory lay with him. Theodoric, the Arian King, was singularly indisposed to enter into ecclesiastical disputes, and, nnnSfinnftlTHv. ,1IA "naf.nvnTr Plia victor in possession of the chair.' Sym machus, therefore, was made pope' by the " grace" of his faction in Rome, by the successful murder of the opposition leaders, and the gracious will of a Gothic Arian ! Besides, it may or may not be true.that he was guilty of the gross immorality with which he was charged. This, however, is true, that Theodoric called a synod to judge ; the pope, and the pope submitted. The synod, indeed, felt its embarrassing posi tion, because even then there were grand notions about the pope being above all human authority; yet the synod claimed to act and decide by the Holy Ghost, and cleared the pope of censure before men, leaving the question of his guilt before God, to the judgment of God : and there upon gave permission to the pope to offer the.divine mysteries to the christian people ! Where was his claim to the infallibility to Avhich Pius IX lays claim? Was he superior to the council, or Avas the council superior to him ? Was it competent for fallible men to judge the infallible ? Was it competent for them to do this at the request and by the appointment of an Arian Goth? Whence came the infalli bility of pope Symmachus — from his murderous faction ? or from the Arian Sovereign ! Or from both ? Is not the infallibility of a Pope very " illustrous" who proves it first by heading a faction of armed men, who fight and slay like any other seditious and murderous mob, then, secondly, by accepting confirmation in his office by a heretic, then, thirdly, by excit ing new riots, in which hundreds are killed, and then, fourthly, by submitting to the qualified and very singular absolution of a Synod called by the Gothic King to judge of charges against him? JAMES of Maitland has much to boast of, when he glories in R-o- mm.ifilin.t! ns the siiecRS.'ior of Poter. the ,7 ' "Vicar of Christ, the Vice-gerent of God, and the living speaking and infallible decider of all moral and religious truth ? The next Pope Avas Hormisdas, A.D. 514; When this Pope came to the " chair of Peter" the Emperor of the East. Anas- ' tasiiis, at Constantinople, opened con-es- pondence with him, to bring about, if possible, the peace of the East and West. Hormisdas was willing enough to aim at such a result ; but he would accept of no other basis for peace and union than the absolute and imconditional surrender of the Eastern to the Western Ohurch. He would be Pope of the world or Pope, only of the West. He would not suffer any rival. The Emperor proposed a Council at - Heraclea, and Hormisdas sent four Am bassadors to manage things for him,, to bring about his one object of putting the Eastern CIergy and Church at the feet of the successor of St. Peter. Hormisdas furnished 4T»rA-n- f.r» Imw ' ' to proceed arid manage. The instructions are perfect models of Popish doggery and cunning priestcraft. They were to ap proach the Emperor with such caution and wiliness that they were to extort from him concession after concession, before he could, be well aware of what lie a\'as doing; mean time, they were to refuse all apparent com munion with the Church, Iciist they .should , give countenance to any heresy or bishop which the Roman Popes had condemned ; and if the Emperor refused their terms; ; they were to yield nothing. This is one of the most illustrous acts in the history .of Hormisdas; but it is impossible to read the instructions referred to, at the' present ' day even, without feeling honest .shame that the peace of the world, and of the professing Christian Church, should have, been so much in tlie hands of a haughty Pope, whose object was never the purity of the truth, but the glorification and aggrandisement of, the Romish See. 'Anastasius did not accent the degrading conditions of the 'haughty Pope. . He would not submit to the dooming of cer tain Eastern Bishops to perdition. He would not accept as valid the ; anathemas which the Roman Popes had fulminated against , the dead Acacius. He knew that . bloodshed and revolution would ensue were .the terms of Hormisdas enter- taihecl and acted .upon. But what cared Hormisdas about bloodshed in Eastern Cities and Churches ! Absolutely nothing. What cared he ' that bishops, priests and clergy, should "loose their lives, so long as. the. Roman See should receive - aggrandise ment ?; -Did he not know very well that Ins predecessor, Symmachus, came to the seat of infallibility, through pools of blood and over dead bodies? "Was the fear -of bloodshed therefore to scare him from demands Avhich might involve the|, slaughter of a few hundred Greeks ? But Anastasius rejected the proposals of the - insolent Pope — "We may submit to insult," said the Emperor, " we may endure that our decrees be annulled ; but avo Avill not, be commanded." At the age of eighty eight the Emperor Anastasius ffied, having been struck by a thunderbolt, and,' as usual, the Romish faction ascribed, and the Romish flatterers still ascribe his death to the judgment of God, for his opposing the Pope ! This enmity to the memory of the Emper-or has descended to the present day among the Romanists. Even Cardinal Baronius, a Romish historian of the sixteenth century, rejoices in the thought that the Emperor descended into hell, and asks the Church to sing over his deserved perdition ! The Emperor who succeeded Anastasius, was Justin, a rude unlettered Dacian peasant, who, with Lupicina who had been his slave and con cubine, professed high Roman Orthodoxy, did what his predecessor refused to do. He submited to Pope Hormisdas amidst the rejoicings of ferocious mobs who shouted in favour of the Pope. Those mobs, whose orthodoxy was undoubted, and whose capacity to judge of heresies was.uudoubted, breathed vengeance against the Manicheans, and voted for submission to the council of Chalcedon. Not only this, but in their riotous proceedings, they demanded immediate reconciliation with the Pope of Rome, and that the bones of the deceased Emperor and his party should be dug up from their graves to be mocked and dishonoured for the opposition which had been shown to the popes at Rome ! So that our readers will see that there were Father Shees and Dan Egans so long ago as the beginning of the sixth century ! The Popish trick of disturbing the dead is very old ! Pope worshippers have been body- snatchers from the beginning ! Popery so, influences the worst passions of man, fires them with such a fiendish, zeal, brutalises their humanity, tliat their revenge is not satisfied with the damage which they can do to living men — they pursue with their malignity the souls of the dead down to perdition — and then they reek their impotent rage upon the mouldering remains of bones and dust by dishonouring their graves ! Truly, James of Maitland has a most lustrous line to present, to the world. His pedigree as a Bishop is highly honourable. Descending from such wretches as Symmachus, and Hormisdas,. whose religion consisted in conforming the religion of Christ to the paganism and idolatry which were expiring around them, he has much need to be ashamed ! Errata. — In last issue make, the foUoAving corrootions ;— 111 leader " Bible Meeting," 21th line, for " HHti- aniinelled 'by ecclesiastical ar- raugcm'ents of no sort AvhateA'er," read "'tram- melled," In 30th line, for " adA'antago of truth,", read " advantage to," &c.; In: ,4tii column, page 4th, 12th line from bottom, for. " ertjarly on the progress," read " earnestly, &e.; In page 5tb, .pid 1st column, 2ixd line, for " Romish and Continental and; Romish lands," read,, for "Infidel," &a.; Iix 5th jiage, 1st column, 40th line from bottom, for " mid give tiyne,". read, "and give, them." . In editorial . paragraph, " Newcastle OKroincle-" 17th line, for " rcwiic huri," read, " rival him." The Gumb;..rland Tijies.— -The publisher of the small semi-'Uiiitariat, semi- infidel Magazine, knoAvn !xs " More Light," axid Avliich has becii retailhig since its stax-t the blasphemies of the man Lpraixdo Jones, and to aa'liiclx Jones Avas a ; regxilar ..contributoi;, is also the publisher and OAvrier of a P.ax'ramatta paper knowix as the C'am- herland Times. Oul" readers aauU see at onoe the bond of sympathy betAveen the tAvo— the maga zine and the papei'. 'The pxxblisher's " free- thinking" px'oclivities find e.xpi'essioix iix both ; and, of coxxrso, Avhat less could the pxxblisher do than defend his friend and patroii, Joiies ? Ac cordingly, last Avcek, both in magozixxe aixd . paper, Joixcs is dcfexxded. AVe have here, at preseixt, only to deal Avith the defence in the Cumberland Times ; and Ave are bound to say that the detonco iix that paper is xiixique for its falseness, vxxlgarity, anct inipxxdeucc. It hap pened tliat the riA'al; Parramatta paper, the Cumberland Mercury, extracted.; an article from our Standard, which was didy acknowlcdfie-d, on the case of the man Jones. In that article Ave set out that the charge of persecution, raised hy the, sympathizing fiiends of Jones, Avas false and unfounded ; and Ave shoAved that the Freethink- ing Infidels, Avho are trying to make capital out of -the case of Jones, have neither sense nor honour ,on their side. Of course, that article did not please the editor and proprietor of the Cum-, berland Time's. It cut him to the quick, It riled him.' And the coiiseqxxoncc Avas that he nrixde last Aveek a fierce and savage ouslanght first on the Cimherldnd Mercury for qxxoting bur i article, aud then upon oux- selves f or .Avx-iting and publishing it... In defence and justification of the Cumberland- Merctiry, Ave here state that, iri quoting our article, it acted perfectly fairly. It AO A\jv ui/' uAxi;: xiiQiiiuaiUAUiia UiUU. attack of the . infuriated . Freethhiking Times ; and Ave trust that, - if any intelligent readers read that tirade of abuse, tliey Avill consider that such is the of ' those mean infidels Avho hide their infidelity under such fine phrazes as ."religious liberty," freothinking," and "rational christians." Freethhiking indeed I These men ihink so freely,", that they do .not scruple to imjixxte to a riA-al the liasa conduct which' specially lielongs to themselves I — The brutal attack Avhich this Infidel Tiwt-.'i makes against ourselves is not AVorth .ansAvering.. Wc are iri no Avay concerned about the good or bad opiriion of tho Fergusons, the Pillars, and 'the Joneses.- To be maligned by them, after the style, of ithe Tinics, last Saturday, does us good. "We hope tho Times Avill give us; the hcnelit of another leader. . If the "loyical sequence" (!) of this request is not seen hy the editor of the Times, we refer him to Jones, Avho is at libci-ty again, who, doubtless, Avith -the help of Pillars, will point out to him the connexion Avith " sense and senility," and defivie the exact " sense " of such bMdci-daah vulgarity as this-"the diseased excrescences on the moAvth of free thought ! " This is merely a wild trope of freethinking in fidelity, that oxu'selves and another man are "diseased excrescences on tlie, (/roii/'tA of .free thought \" Oh " Aslia nice ' Reyro.'" . Fri.4NAGAN's AnvERTisEMENT-— The readers of the.jfferaiti last Saturday woxild smile Avhen they read the advertisement of the Romish book seller, Flanagan, of which the folloAving is the beginning .and the eliding : — " Catholic Books. — E. F; Flanagan, Dxxblux Book AA'arehouse, 594, George-st.,; respectfully inA'ites the attention of Rev. J. Graham, Rev. Colin M 'Cullocli, and other gentlemen Avho held forth so eloquently at the late Bible meeting, in admiration of the zeal and hex'oism of Colpoi-teurs in the distribution of millions of Bibles in benighted lands, to- his stock of the above Avorks, many of Avhich Averc Avx'itten by gre.at and good men, coxxA'cx-ts to the Catholic Church, amongst Avhich arc the follow ing : — Haydock's Family Bible, Avith notes, steel plates, and superbly bound, .Go ; Pictorial Family Bible, Avitli Imndi-cds of illustrations, in cloth aixd morocco bindings, 30s. to 50s. ; Bibles, small size, Avith approbation of Archbishop and Bishops of Ireland, in .all bindings, at prices to suit all classes ; The History of the so-called Reformation, by William Gobbctt (a Protestant). AVith other books too numerous to enumerate in an advertiscmoixt, inaxiy of Avhich may be found xxsefxxl to the .above gentlemen before addressing the next Bible Meeting, and may prevent them from falling into the mistake of sxxpposixig that x;ax;noiics cio noi lovc, nonoxxr, anix piousiy reau the geixuine edition of the Bible." — Mi-. .Flana gan must indeed be a "flat" to sxxppose that such an advertisement coxxhl do anything else thaxx expose hiixx to tho jeer of every "Catholic" and "Protestant'' of intelligence. Mr. Flanagan knoAvs pex'feotly Avell that, according to tho rxxlo of his RomaxxChux'ch, he has no axxthority to sell the bible iri the -vxxlgar tongue. He is permitted to do so, simiily becaxxse oxir cominoix Protes tantism protects him in so . doing. It Avoiild not he politic for "the Clxxxi-ch" to insist on tlib stxict rule. It Avoxxld he inxpossible for the' priests to get on axnongst Protestants Avere they to - refer Mr. Flanagan to the foxxrth rxxle of the index, Avhich prohibits the having, tho selluig, aixdthereadixig.of the scriptxxres iu.the vxxlgar tongue, aixd Avhich requires the privilege' shall be given hi writiny by tlie bishop ?' Tliere- fore the Flanagans and the Moores sell tho bible ill Sydney and in other protestant countries ; but neither in Rome, nor in. any state of the, church, nor in Spain, nor in Austria, Avhilo the' poAver of .the pojic Avas almighty ic these lands, could Mr. Flanagan have opencrl his shop to sell: bibles ill thevulyar touyueJ- iTlierefore, his silly adA'cx-tiscment merely convicts him of the A'cxy " cominon popish tx-iok of referring to the enfoiried libex'ty of Romanists in protestant lands; to cover the tyranny and bondage of his co-religion-: ista in papal lands:- Mr. Flanagan knows i also that if a colporteur had attenqjted to sell bibles: in Rome iri the vulgar tongue, during the pope's' late reyime, he'Avould have been cast into prison. He knows perfectly Avell that a colporteur, Avith a box, of bibles to sell in the Auxlgnr toiigixe of the Roman people, coukT not, \Aiilo the pope was supreme, get entrance into Rome. VV''e challenge him to deny this. Had'Mr. Flanagan qiresentedhiinself attlie Quay,atCivittaA''ecchia, - AX'ith a box of bibles in the Italian tongue, fox- sale in Romo,.Ax'hile the pope Avas seated on his temporal throne, he Avoxxld have been ordered' off, 0I-, liad ho dai'ed to advance, his box Avoxxld have been taken from him. and vrobablii burned. Avhilo he himself, , as ,a suspeoted. hex'otic, Ax'oxxld haA'e been safely laixded in . prison. This is undeniable ; yet Mr. Flanagan, destitute of manliness or hononi-, has the temerity to insinuate to the public of Sydney, : 'throxigh his cunning ad vertisemeut, that the Eoinan people of other Papal countries, Had .as much liberty, in reference to the selling aiid 'bxxying of the Bible, as the Romish people have in Sydney ! This is only a sample of Romish ingratit.xde for Protestant privileges, - and llom's'i iininxdence in insulting Protestant readers ; fci-, Avithoxit doubt, if the priests had it all their own Avay, not a single Bible Avoxxld cross Mi. Flanagan's dooi-, or eA'er come out of; it to the homes of the , peo ple, in the vxxlgar tongue. But the choice bit of ;Mi'. Flanagan's adA'ertisemeixt is his calling Dr. Manning, Father NcAvmau,' Father Faber, .Dr. Hay, and George Spenser converts from Protes tantism to the Romish Church ! Those men were never Protestants. The Churcliism in AX'hich 'they Avex-e reax-ed Avas alAX'ays Popery; — Popery' in disguise;' Noman avIio reads NeAvnian's "Religious Oirinions," can fail of the conviction . that he Avas an essential papist from the bogin- ing. And so Avith tlie. others. For it. is nolpossihle for a man to he a Protestaix't, . arid to have full conviction of .Protestant 'triuth, to turn to Romanism ; the only case in Avhich it. is possible ' isAvhen a man heobmes demented, or is tempted of -the Devil. But there is one other, little -bit in Mr. Flaiiagan's adA'ei-tisenient Avhich is more r ludicrous stiU. This veracious ' Romanist I Actually has the conscioxxs to tell the ' people'of Sydney that ' ' AVilliam, Gobbett " Avas a.Pi;otes- tant ! Of 'course this' coxxld pnly deceiA'e the ignorant. But Mi-. Flanagan knoAVS .from happy cxpmence that there are a great many people Avho iiLU > T U 1111X1) 11UA> evex-, Avith deliberate deceit and dishonesty in oalling Gobbett a Protestant. His A'illanoxxs and false history of the. Refoi- mation is a slaudei-. Ml-. AATliiam Duncan published an editioii.of this gi- ossly untrue Avork', and Mi-. Planagaix' seUs it.-; . yet they both know Avhen they are designating it as a Avork written by a Protestant, that they are guilty of a baser fraud than Gobbett, himself' Avasjifor he was no Protestant— neA'er'-'Av.-is a, Protestant — and no Protestant ; denomination Avoxxld consider him to have been even a, Ohrlstidn. - It is a scaridal for Mr. FIanag.au to deceive his. ignorant and priest-ridden. felloAV- couixfi-y'rixen,' hy such false tricks as this ; but for him t'o at-; tempt his tricks on intelligent Protestaixts,, is a; pi-oof of that axxdacioxxs hiu- diness Ayhich; i8 pecxxi-, liar to Romanism. . i : ; ' A God.sExd to Kicks axd his Brother Sla n . derer.— That Rev. , or rather 'ox-ReAri croaturd, ' Avho' has been recently inannfactxxred'.into. Syd ney Punch, .and;-Ayho exhibits; ;hims,elt .hi iliis; Punch-box and pxiuch-bdAvl instead of a pulpit, has had a gotlseiid. A new afflatus, of course from the pxxxxch-boAvl, has come xxpori liim, -and his muse has inspired him.- The . " muse ?' is no other than that Hickpecked ".Judy "..whose ;ii(ei is utill .burning at our aAvfxxlletter to hei-,lord, and master, the black -hailed Punch. She tells him to Avrite, to sing, to stamp, to 'sAveai-y and to threaten. She gets into hysterics Avith gladness Avhen she looks at the " ugly question aiid spux-riim on her once laAvn sleeA'ed, hut ixoav Esuav like 3artner, Avlio h.as.sohl "liis hirthright for a moss of pottage," to make something of the " ugly question," he lias swaggered and squeaked and sung a little, as Punch always does Avhon he has the Ji ick-cup. But there is a Avorse ci-catxxru than Punch in tlie world. Ho goes liy the name of " Flaxxexxr " in the Empire and Enemng News. Like all men who are " about toAvii,'" the filthiness of this creature is very oln-ioiis. With Averse Avit than Punch, and Avith equal malice, ho tries to be both facetious and .severe in dealing Avith all questions. He too seized Avith a greedy mouth, snapped at the " Ugly question," LUce those who have lost tlxeix- virtue, and Avho are alAA'.ays pretending that they still liave it, this Avoi-thless slanderer spoke of ' 'lynch -Iu-av, " .-iiid even-sugges ted that such "sublime') px-actico would be too good for us ! Nay, not only this, but the rixfiiau suggested the dee), iniquity that,:, although the autlior of the " Ugly question '.' liad .publicly. avoAved it, and inailc an .ajiology in- his oavii name, the name Avas a falsehood, a shani name, and that after all the x-eal culprit had iiotrbcon: caught ! Such :ai-c the depths of Avickedness and. intainy to wnxeii, tnc Ji.mpmrs " J.nsiineui-" , caii'' descend. He has experience in such: fa,lsohoocl. As nobody is better at ..the xvpi-k of catching a . thief than apx-actised thief, .so nb one c.-in sxxg-: gest .and fathom literai-y viiiany'bettex- than one; Avho lives ' hy literary, slander.' We, ,tlicrefm-e;, clearly see hoAV it us.,: AVe xxndoi-stand it all. We compliment tho- Evipm', tihd Eoeiiivy: Neirs , for possessing so bold and Isnowiny .a yvr'itor.-, Wo comiixeiid him to Kicky, aa-Iio is able to, take care of him. When tliey meet each other with a copy of t/ie.ir papers hi their pocket; we hope they will kindly oxchaiigc.tlieir.soiitimeiits, and then generously betake .tlieinsBlvcs. to the' neai-- est pothouse to i-efresh. one another, after their exhaxxstiiig' laboi's !' How happy arc avc that avc have affonled tlicse two brothex-s in trade some thing' to occiijiy their learned leisui-c Avitli ! HoAV- happiei- still that .a god-seiid has giA'cn, theiii opportunity for a little; more slander ; 