DIGITUS DEI. On the day of the Crucifixion, when the sun was darkened and the earth shook and the tombs gave up their dead, the cen turion, overpowered by the signs that he witnessed, exclaimed, ' truly this was the Son of God.' And no Christian will dare to say that the Roman soldier failed to read those signs aright. It is not always so easy, however, to de tect in the 'signs' that are passing before us the unsearchable ways of God. We know indeed that Divine Wisdom works all things for final good, but we cannot always see, as so many flatter themselves they pan, in this or that particular event, in this victory or that defeat, in this pes tilence or that inundation, the evident mark of Divine favour or Divine wrath. For sometimes Ged chastises a holy Lazarus and suffers a wicked Dives to en joy such happiness as the world can give. We will not, therefore, assert that the finger of God manifests itself evidently in the history of the last two decades ? His hand has been there of course; yet working perhaps for ends which neither this nor the next geneiation will see accomplished — but we do assert that the events of these decades, looked at merely from a human point of view, seem to have been brought to pass specially for the present peace and ultimate glory of the Church. And in this conviction we find consolation and compensation for the sorrow with which we cannot help regarding the temporary affliction of the Church's Head. We take it for granted, of course, that every Catholic will hold with ourselves .' \ that the most important event of the cen tury, most important to the future of the Church, is that event which we know to have been the work of .the Holy Ghost— the Definition of the Infallibility of the Pope. And we take it for granted, too, that most of our readers are aware of the violent hostility to this dogma of the faith which existed some time ago not only among the Sovereigns and Statesmen of Europe but among a certain portion of the heirarchy itself. So violent was this hos tility and so extensive the ground which, it covered that, thirty years ago, its defini tion would have been impossible, or if ac complished, would almost assuredly have been followed by one or more schisms. A Gallican Church would have been , a certainty, and the formation of an Anglican and a German Church would probably have followed. Thia would have happened, not because the Infallibility of the Holy See rested on less powerful arguments then than .it did two years ago, but because the hearts of / Catholics, in those days, were less turned towards Rome, and they took less interest - in their chief. Devotion, personal devotion to the Pope has been the gradual growth and characteristic of the last twenty years,, and this devotion has been fostered and matured, not so much by the character of the present Pontiff as by the persecutions that he has suffered. Pity is the mother ? ; of love, and these persecutions commencing with his forced flight to Gaeta and culmi nating with his imprisonment in the Vati can have drawn towards him the hearts of his children throughout the world ; they have secured for him a veneration and a love such as no other Pontiff probably possessed during life, and they have, at the same time, diminished that dread of his power - which the infidel governments of Europe once entertained, for what have they to - fear from an old man who lives on alms in a house that he may be turned out of to-morrow? ..,.. And thus the great dogma which, in a thousand years hence (when perhaps the States of Europe will have passed away, and its peoples, speaking one language,, will form one great republic), will exercise - its influence upon the world, iB taking root in the heart of every Catholic, and the dis- -„ sensions which, under other circumstances, its definition might have caused, are^ unheard of outside a petty state of Ger many. If this great result were, the only fruit of the persecutions which the present Head of the Church has undergone during his Pontificate, it would be enough to make the thoughtful Catholic inquire whether the Hand of God has not mani fested itself in the events of the last twenty years. At any rate, it ia a result which forms a bright silver lining to the cloud* that overshadows us, and makes us bear in mind what otherwise we might be almost tempted to forget, that there is, a Sun v beyond. __ ? __^. ? _ ? ??.?? ???? ??:?;?*?? .; The multiplied and multifarious misdeeds - of our Aldermen are almost too numerous to chronicle, and are too well known to ? require a daily inventory. Many of the adverse statements made regarding them, have been established, and being so the character of our Corporation must stand very low in public estimation. We - do not think it right to repeat 'damaging:: : rumours, for ever afloat about them; and indeed it is not pleasant, nor is it necessary, . to report the half of the damaging facts. ,, But when some more than ordinary dis- , ; graceful piece of misconduct is charged1 against them, we wish to have the charge ; inquired into and either substantiated or disproved. An allegation was made re cently that at a committee meeting of the ?. J Council, held with closed doors, certain regulations were made with regard to cer tain contracts, and that a certain Alderman made use of the knowledge obtained at that close sitting, to shape an application for a contract (say a 'bus contract) which was accepted. It is important to know for certain whether this allegation is true, or not, but of course we must consider ifc - untrue until some proof is produced— leav- - ing those so disposed to believe it if they like. But when, a charge such as that made on Friday last, by Mr. Smart, J.P., at a ward meeting and reported next day, goes uncontradicted what are we to think ? The charge, strange to say, arose out of some proceedings regarding the 'bus regula tions. Mr. Smart is reported in Saturday's Empire to have said :: — There were four parties summoned to the Cen tral Police Court for plying without licences. Mr. Driver, the solicitor of the Corporation, begged to withdraw the charge against one of the offenders ; that offender was Alderman Woods. He (Mr. Smart) said he could not see why other people should be prosecuted and an Alderman go scot free. Mr. Birrell, who sat on the bench with him, could authenticate his statement. 'Now here is a direct accusation, of gross partiality, made against the Corporation. It must be against the Corporation, for Mr. Driver could only have withdrawn his charge on instructions from them. Mr. Smart 'could not see why other, people should be prosecuted and an Alder man go scot free ;' nor can we. If there be any distinction to be found in the na ture of that particular case from the others why has it not been set forth? If there be no distinction, then all we have to say, is, that the public body guilty of such misconduct have little regard for the obligations of their official trust, and less regard for the public interests. The charge^ has been made by a Magistrate, and another Magistrate, he says, will corroborate his statement; the statement is published, and yet there is no denial ! Why, after this, one could almost believe the allegation about the secret sitting and successful application, for that (say, 'bus) contract, mentioned above. And yet all the retiring members of this Corpora tion, suspected of such a job, are candidates for reelection again. What voter is going to tru3t his interests in such hands ? This is not a question of sectarian preference or prejudice — it is a question of pounds, shil lings, and pence. But we may refer to a letter from a correspondent, which ^points to the conclusion that the Protestant Po litical Association is deeply interested in their leelection. ' 