TFIE AUSTRALASIAN W\ESLiIYAN METHODIST CONFERENCE, 1871. The following is a resumi of the proceed Ings in the Conference on Thursday (abridged from the Ailercsry), the former portion of which, owing to the prossure on our space, has been hold over sinco Saturday FIRsT DAY-Tnunanax, JANUARY 10. The seventeenth annual Conference of the Australasian Weslyan Methodist Church began its sitting at ten o'clock this morning in the ?siolville-street Church, Hobart Town. The ministers present from other colonies were:-The Rev. John Wataford (President of the Conference), James Bickford, Thomas Williams, James D. Dodgeon, William P. Wells, Joseph Dare, John Cope, W. L. Blamires, and Richard Fiteher, from Victoria; Rev. George Hurst (ex-President), Stephen Rahono (General Secretary of Missions), James Watkin, Henry H. Gaud, Benjascin Chapman, Jabez Water house, Joseph Oram, William Curnow, George Martin, and James Phillips, from Now South Wales ; Rev. William L. Rinks, I Thomas James, George W. Patchell, and Charles H. Goldsmith, from South Australia; 1 Rev. Isaac Harding, from Queensland ; Rev. I Alexander Reid, from Now Zealand; Rev. J. Rooney, from Fiji; besides the Revs. Hans Asick anol James Graham (Hobart Town), James Hutchison (New Town), John Har court and Nathaniel Bennett (Launceston), Samuel Ironsido (Longford), Thomas F. Bird (New Norfolk), Wm. A. Quick (Horton College), Josh. White, Joseph Nyo (Mersey t, and the other ministers in fall connection residing in this colony except the Rev. R. A. Inglis, of Westbury, who was prevented by r illness from being present. The Conference was opened by singing the 478th bymn of the Wesleyan hymu-book; after which the Secretary read a psalm, and the Revs. S. Rabono and H. Gaud engaged in prayer. The Conferencs was then addressed by the retiring President (the Rev. G. Hurst), who in a few earnest and appropriate sentences introduced the Rev. John Watsford, of Bal larat, as his successor, at the same time banding over to him a copy of the Word of God, the Conference Seal, and the Conference Journal. The new President then took the chair, and delivered the following address: Mr Ex-President and Brethren,-1 thank you for the very kind and cordial way in which you have received me to-day as President of this Con Lerence. It assures me that, whilat I fell am far from being all that your President should be, yet you will bear with and help me, and pray that God may bless and geide and sustal me in the high position in which you aod the British Con. forence have placed me. I tie not intend to try to make a long speech. We have so much to do, and so little time in which to do it, that it would i ill become me to take up the time of the Con. ftrence by any lengthy address. But you will, I am sure, kindly allow me to give expression to the feelings of my heart on this occasion. I thank God for my connection with Methodism. I sincerely feel it, when I say what has been often said, that I owe all 1 am and have, under God, to this Church. Converted at the age of eighteen under its ministry, I have for more than thirty thrge years enjoyed its privileges, and have had the greet honor of being one of Its ministers for twoety-eight years. I mourn to-day over much unfaithfulness; but I bless God that I am still numbered among his servants, and that I have not altogether labored in vain. When I entered upon this work, I know there were many things I could not be, many things I could not do ; but I was fully convinced that I might be an earnest and successful preacher of the Gospel, and be in. strumental In saving souls. I determined, God helping me, to aim at this, and I hope and be. lieve that, In my humble way, this has to some extent been accomplished. I rejoice to say that my attachment to Mettlo dism ties grown with my years, and my love to our glorious Church and all connected with it is greater now than ever it wao. I greatly love and respect its ministers. Whatorer failings and In. firmitlee they may hove, I regard them as men of God, true servants of Jesus Christ, who make it the one great business of their lives to save soula. I esteem very highly In love for their work's aake those who are asesociated with us In the work of the Church-our local preachers, our leaders, our Sabbath school teachors, ear stewards. our tract distributors, our prayer leaders-a noble band of working meo and women greatly honored and blessed by God. I love'onr Methodist people, tho thousands and tens of thousands who have tasted that the Lord is gracious, and are walking in the leareof the Lord, and the comfort of the Holy Ghost. I thank God for our Methodist doctrine, our clear, well-defined system of theology. What some others regard as our fault and weakness, we ell, I am sure, most heartily praise God for, a system of theology which we believe to be truly scripturat, from which we have no desire to depart, from which we cannot depart and con. tinsy ministers of this Church, and from which, thank God, we have not separted. Whilst there have been changes all around as, whilst the con dict ofsmiod has been so great, and the failures so many, we have still hold by the faith delivered nate us; and neither because it has been fashion. able, nor becainse it has been considered very Intellectual, have we run after the errora so popular in these days. 1 pray God that we may ever be kept faithful. I thank God for our Methodist discipline, and I would say, with those who have preceded me, that I rejoice that we are still determined not to reckon or regard anyone as a member of this Church who does not meet in class with us. 'Whilst feeling sorry for the brother, I am thank 1ts for what our fathers and brothroo did at the laot British .Conference. We nave from the first contended for Christian communion, and we have it here. We believe that we ought to know .Iho and what they are whe come to the Lord's *table; and whilst oiher Chinrtbcs have their plans sand arrangement, for knowieg this, wo havetonre, and we are prepared to abide by tit * Ipraise Gad that I have bed any part ia the great misulonary work, and I rejolce with you ie the financial position ef the Secioty sast year.I hobpe it may be as good this year. Gor Misetonary Boerlty is in many respects in a very critical peel. tlen ,jsst now, and it shonid have oar sympathy -and prayers, I belIeve we did right as a Con foreneb in taking there mIssIons under our care, *that sit. we die for the mislalos nut only does net * inder oar home work, bat greatly helps it, and I think we are greatly honored and blessed sy oar conneetion with this noblc lastitution. As at former Conferences, we miss to-day same ef those who en earcestly laboared amongst as * and so greatly helped in alt oar deliherationa. They have finished thair werk and entered lets their rest. And sue work, brethren, will soon be *ended. Isay we dolit well I And when the end eumesa, rosy we eater late the blaster's jay I I am sure that I may say that we nil deeply fenl how heavy has been the blnsv that has tattoo upon the canse of edacafion in general, sad Methadist ednentiona in particular, by the lamented duath of Dr. Corrlgea, and that we very sinceraly sympathiese with Brether Wangh and alt connected * with Wesley Coilege in this sad bereavement. And now, brethren, I pray Gad that we may have a goad Conferonce. Let na coasecrate car. solves to Gad, and earnestty pray for the hap 'tism or the Spirit. Let ne do the work as brethren, and sa servants of Jesas Christ. Apd as it is very desirable that we have a short Can. ferenCe, fat as do the buslstss with all the dis. ,pateb ooaslateat with its imparlance; anti may God bless es. The Rev. B. Chapman was re-electedd. love., J.Waterhiuso and N. eonnett were appointed assistant secretaries. Leave of absence was granted to the follow. ing chairman of districts who were unable to attend-Theo Rove. J. S. Waugh, T. Btiddle, and J. Buller. Votes of thanks, which wore duly acknow lcdged, were unanimously presented to the retiring President and the Secretary for their services during the past year. The reply of the British Conference o{ 1870 to the address of the last Australasian Conference was read and received, and arrangements made for the preparation of the address to the British Conference for this year. '. The following ministers were received into full connection with the Conference :-The Revs. 1. Maddorn, J. W. Brown, G.. H. Holnes, J. A. Waddell. At noon the doors were thrown open for the public Conference prayer meeting. At the afternoon session the reception of ministers into full connection with the Cor- I ferenco was resumed. Tho following names pressed the Coirferonco:-Revs. H. Taylor, II. Moore, W. Weston, E. J. Bickford, H. Cat ford, T. H. Ick, M.A., C. Lancaster, J. Hion laim, WV. Oliver, J. Osborne, and A. J. Webb. The resignation of two preachers on trial was accepted. Thu ex- President, with Messrs. Cope, Wells, and Goldsmith, were appointed a sob= comnoitteo to investigate the state of the Education Fund, and to bring up a report to the Conference. The Chairman and representatives of the various districts were appointed a sub-con mitten to consider and report on matters relating to the Sunday-schools of the Wes leyan Church. SEcoND DAY-FoiOAY, JAN. 20. The consideration of cases of candidature for the ministry was resumed. The follow isg young men, including those whose names were before the Conference on Thursday, were accepted on trial-W. H. Beale, It. M'Kcown, J. Woolnough, H. Youngman, T. Moore, A. Midgley, T. F. Reeve, C. H. Ingamells, H. E. E.lerriman, J. W. Ingham, J. -Ih. Tuckfield, A. J. Bogle, W. H. Pollard, J. C. Macdougall, W. Burridge, W. S. Har per, W. B. Marten, and H. J. C: Gilbert. The death of one minister since last Con ference, the Rev. R. Amos, of Parramatta, N.S.W., was reported. The Revs. S. Rabone and H. Gaud were requested to prepare an obituary notice for insertion in the Con. ferenco minutes. The question of character then occupied the serious attention of the Conference. The names of the various ministers stationed in these colonies were read over, in order that any objections with respect to character, heterodox preaching, breach of discipline, or incompetent ability, might be carefully con sidered. A Committee of Discipline, con sisting of the Revs. 0 Hurst, W. A. Quick, S. Rabone, 1, Harding, W. P. Wells, W. L. Binks, and A. Reid, was appointed to inves tigate any cases demanding inquiry, and re port to the Conference. The next business was the alteration or division of circuits, and the entering upon now stations. In Now South Wales three new stations were recommended for occupation, Bombala, Wilcavnis, and Wentworth, and the division into two circuits of a large tract of conatry which has hitherto only formed one, under the name of the Narrabri and Moree Circuit. This tract of country was represented as being about the size of England; and the minister at present in charge has had to ride over 450 miles in one direction. A gentleman in Eng land had offered a considerable sum annually, towards the aespport of an additional minister in that locality. In Queensland it was resolved that a now station named Logan should be ocoupied. The Chairman of thu Queensland district, the Rev. I. Harding represented the great need of more ministers for vast districts now being settled in that colony, but which have to be left with out ministers for want of funds. In Victoria a new station named Raywood is to be taken up. In South Australia there is a large district extending sumu 200 miles between Kooringa and Mount Remarkable, inclading several large estates the gentlemen resident on which have offered considerable annual sub scriptions in order that the district may be regularly supplied with Gospel ministrations. This district under the general name of the "North-East" is to have a minister. In Tasmania, the Fingal district, from Avoca eastrwards to the coast, and then north ward to George's Bay and the country around, is to be made into a circuit, and have a resi dent minister. The greater part of the fuinds necessary for this have been guaranteed for the first year. A new circuit is also to be formed in New Zealand. Besides these new stations, properly so called, a large number of circuits in almost all the colonies, have outgrown their original dimensions, and are to be divided, in some cases into two, in others, into three circuits. The Rev. James Bickford asked permission to state to the Conference that he had just received from the Rev. Wm. Butters, who, many years ago labored successfully in this island, and is now residing as a supernumerary minister in England, a letter in which he spoke of his health as being better than it had been for years, so that Ire was able to preach twice every Sunday, and attend ewe or three public meetings in the course of every week, Mr. Butters sunt Iris love to the President and to Iris niinistorial brethren, Mr. Bickford also informed the Ceriference that the Roy. Dr. Rigg, Principal of the Wesloyan Training Institution, W~estmoicoter, had been elected a niembor of his School Board for the City of London, under the new' Education Act ot home. Toceno DAY.-SATRDaAv, JANUAnY 21sT. The whiolo day woe oceripied with the question of ministerial appointments for the next year. The following changes tire likely to lake pisce in Tasmania:n-The Rev. J. Graham to he removed from Hobart Town to Stanley; and the Ray. C. A. Ogilvie from the Forth to taka his place; lbs Rev. W. B. Mather to he rermoved from Stanley to the Torus, arid lbs Rev. C. Sanders to be ap pointed to tbs Fimgal circuit. The Roy. S. Rabuns announced during the course of lbs morning that the missionary sehooner Join Weeglei had just arrived at Sydney from the South Sea Islands, with cer tain missionaries on board, who were likely to arriye in Hobart Town before the close of this week. Conc.-Why. will tha. Parisians, when the war is over; ho the mosit intelligent peoplo in the world ? Because all the Asses in Paris will have beun eaten.-Pcundi, 