WESLEYAN CHURCH, CROOKWELL. On Sunday, the 9th instant, the ordinary religious services at Gullen and Crookwell, were ably con- ducted by the Rev. T. R Mc Michael, whom the late Wesleyan conference has delegated to minister to the spiritual wants of the Wesleyan. people in the Crookwell and Taralga circuit. Large congregations assembled to hear the rev. gentleman, and a practical evidence of their appreci- ation was shown in the fact that the largest collec- tion known at Crookwell was made. On Monday a public tea-meeting was held. The object of the meeting was partly to welcome the new minister, and to afford an opportunity of assembling the children of the Sabbath-school for their annual treat. The little folks, under the direc- tion of Mr. J. Short, the superintendent of the school, evidently made a happy day. About two hundred persons sat down to a tea bountifully provided by the ladies of the congrega- tion. Amongst the visitors were friends belonging to other churches. On the motion t Mr. Whiting, junr. (who formally introduced the now pastor to his charge), the chair was taken by the Rev. Mr. Mc Michael. The Chairman after briefly expressing his pleasure at presiding, referred to the gratification he felt at being appointed to the circuit, and his determination to use his utmost exertion to extend Methodism and Christianity throughout the wide field of labour upon which he had entered. Addresses of an appropriate character were deli- vered by Mesers. Short, Colburt, and Whiting junr., of Crookwell ; Mr. Gibson of Gullen ; and Mr. J. Whiting J.P. of Taralga. Selections of sacred music were given by the choir at intervals during the meeting. All were well rendered, and reflect great credit upon the singers. Miss C. Kershaw presided at the harmonium. Several of the scholars of the Sabbath-school entertained the meeting by cleverly recited suitable pieces. The usual votes of thanks and a collection fol- lowed, after which the benediction was pronounced, and this highly successful meeting was brought to close. The gross proceeds amounted to £11. POLICE OFFICE ROSTER: --- April 17th, A. G. De Lauret and W. E. Dignam, Esqs.; 19th, A. G. Finley and A. F. Gibson, Esq. ; 21st, W. H. Hovell and W. F. Hayley, Eaqs. MR W. E. DIGNAM, J.P. --- Many of our readers will be sorry to hear of Mr. W. E. Dignam's depar ture from Goulburn to take the management of Mr. Fallon's extensive business in Albury. Mr. Dignam has now resided amongst an some sixteen or seveon teen years, and has gained the esteem and respect of the whole community. He is well known not only in Goulburn but throughout the,southern dis tricts in connection with the firm of P. Digonam and Co., auctioneers and. storekeepers; and he has long" taken an active part in public movemonts tending to advance the interests of the. town and district. Several years ago he was appointed a magistrate, and has since been constant in his attention to bench duties, while his acquaintance. with, mercan. tile matters and .with accountslhanobeen found of the utmbst servione in eases of debt., His impartiality-and intelligence are so highly esteemed that.it, has. been said that there is no magistrate in the district before whom a man would more.willingly bring a. good case or more inwillingly bring a bad one.': He has-also been engaged in many. arbitration cases, :some. of considerable importance, the deoisions in which have given satisfaction and -have in no instance been sot asido. ' His qualifications as an accountant have led to his services being sought after as auditor wherever there was a prospect of securing them, uch 0s in the case of the borough council ad the AMeat-Preserving Company. For many year Mr. Dignam was an aetive member of the committee of the Goulhurn mechanics' institute; and when changes took place consequent on the death of the late pree-. dent he was appointed vice-president, an: office to which he has since been twice re- olected. He is also president of the Catholic Literary Association; and was formerly;aldorman for the centre ward, being induced to resign from ill- health. It is not the habit of this journal to be extravagant in awarding praise; and we shall be believed to be sincere in say ing that there is no citizen among us that we are less willing to lose than - Mr. Dignam, and we are sure that we but pxpress the feeling of all who k!now him when we say that we trust in his new sphere he may be prosperous and happy, and may make as many friends as he has in Goulburn. SPRING CREEK, JACQUA. --- A new rush is reported to have taken place to alluvial ground at Spa Creek, where a party lately succeeded in getting very satis factory returns by sluicing. There is also another rush to Tim's Gully,' bight miles from Spring. reek down the rider. The reefs are reported; of favour ably. The great mihing ease of. Sp?eno and party versus Johnston, Styles and party, reported in our issue of the 29th:oflast month, ind which had been adiournedfor a fortnight, has.been disposed of by boing dismissed. ' The prospectors (Johnston, Styles, and party) have since applied to lease ten acres of land which includes the claim in dispute. They have to put on forty men to comply with the provisions of the Gold-Fields Act. The Enter prise machine (Barber's) will be at work next week. The owners already have a hundred and twenty tons at gross, and hope to keep the ma chine going night and day.- The population is increasing.. Wages for good miners £2 6s. per week, working eight hours a day; for labourers 36s. A picnic took place on Monday last amongst the ladies and children, when some fifty of the former and seventy-five of the latter spent a very pleasant day. ACCIDENT. — On Wednesday last Mr. J. Meehan of this city met, with an accident of a very serious character. He was out riding when his horse threw him on to a fence, injuring his lungs, and breaking several of his ribs. He is under the care of Dr. Morton ; and is progressing favourably. WESLEYAN MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. -At the usual weekly meeting on Wednesday evening the attendance was fair. One of the vice-prosidonts occupied the chair. After the minutes had been road and confirmied, one gentlemnan'was elected a member of the society. The evening was devoted to roeadings and recitations, when the following wore given; teoitatioine--by Mr. Cox, the Knpwing Little'Boyy; Mr.. Plrkins, .the' Ghost;' and Mr.' King, an Apos trophe to the Ocean. Readings were given bhy Mr. Whiteman on the Power of Consciencde; Mr. Moore, Brutus on theoDeath of Cosaer; and the Vision of Iiiza by. Mr. Ohambers. :Oriticism followed 'the rendering' of the various- pieces. The chairman having announced that the next evening would be delovoted.to the reading of expositions, the meeting oPnaratod. ministerial changes have taken place:-- The Rev. G. James is removed from Goulburn to Kent-street, Sydney. The Rev. O. E. Ward removes from Goulburn to Newcastle. The Rev. B. Kenny from Parramatta, the Rev. J. Williams from Wollongong, and the Rev. G. Smith from Parramatta, come to Goulburn. SACRILAGE AT YASS. --- On Wednesday night the window in the vestry of St. Clement's Church at Yass was broken in, and two surplices, a damask communion-table- cover, and a hair-brush were stolen. Nothing else was taken. No clue to the perpetrator has been discovered. THE EUROPEAN MAIL. --- The letters brought by the Avoca may be expected to be delivered in Goul burn -this morning. The mail for Europe by the outgoing steamer Rangoon will close in Sydney on Thursday next. Letters from Goulburn Intended .t 'go by this opportunity must be posted not later than 'Wednesolay, and f'rom places fIrther in the interior on a day correspondingly earlier. SALE OF CROWN LANDS. --- On Wednesday last at the Goulhurn cosurt-house certain portions of crown liind were submitted for sale by auction.' .Thirty-six lots were':oatalognod, niamely, twelvo'country lots situated in the parishes of Kerrawarry, Kiamma, and' Bolong, and twenty-four town lots, being portions of sentibne ?;'41; and 56;, ir the town-'of Goulburn. The land-agent, acting as auctioneer, was'the'only pai-ni'l Freent; aid connsealud:tly no sale was effected. -Yesterday a sale was held of suburban lots situated in the western environs of Goulburn. Forty-nine lots were submitted, varying in size from. 1 a, 0 r. 16 p. to 10 a. 1 r. 18 p. The upset price was from £3 to £8 per acre. Ten of the lots were sold at the upset price, three at an advance of £2 per acre, and one at an advance of £3 4s. per acre. In all only fourteen lots were sold. Messrs. H. C. Scarfe, W. A. Evans, Malachi Ryan, E. R. Deane, Owen Fur- ner, F. R. L. Rossi, and Charles Thomas.were pur- ohasers. The amount realised at the sale was about £300. SPORTING. --- The match for £100 a-side between Mr. Charles Thomas's Shadow and Mr. Storrier's Excelsior will come off on Tuesday next. The con- ditiofns are three times round the Goulburn course, carrying 8 st. 8 lb.; one event. CRICKET MATCH AT YASS.— The only public amusement provided yesterday (Easter Monday ) was a cricket-match, played between eleven of the Yass Union Club and eleven of the Gininderra cricketers. Mr. William Davis and other gentlemen included in the latter team did not reach town until about eleven o'clock, and consequently the game did not com mence until near noon. The day was unusually warm for the season ; but in every respect favour able to the sport. A booth was on the ground, well supplied with necessary refreshments, and an ex cellent luncheon was provided therein to the cricketers by : Mr. Sheekey, the visitors being the guests of the Yass club. The attendance of Burton's circus band was secured, which played select music during the progress of the match. During the day a large number of persons witnessed the game, and considerable interest was manifested in the proceed ings. The fielding of the Yass players was excellent throughout, and as will be noticed below an easy victory crowned their exertions. The Gininderra team took first innings, Blair being the only one on that side who retired with a double figure in the scorers' book, and the whole team were unusually unfortunate in their play. Jackey Douglas, one of the Yass players, was top scorer --- sixteen in first in- nings, and carrying his bat (not out) for ten on the second occasion. Mr. Wood and Mr. O. Poplin officiated as umpires, and Mr. J. Barry and Master W. Colls as scorers. The game was over shortly after five o'clock. The following is the score: GININDERRA : FIRST INNINGS. SECOND INNINGS. — Blair, b. Long ... ... 18 c. Besnard, b. Tempest ... 1 Johnnie Parker, b Long ... 7 c. Long, b. Harper ... 1 C. Palmer, tip of wicket ... ... 1 st. McJannet ... ... 2 H. Davis, b. Long ... ... 0 b. Harper ... ... 7 E. Palmer, b. Harper ... ... 4 run out ... ... 1 G. Harcourt, b. Harper ... ... 5 b. Harper ... ... 2 John Taylor, b. Long ... ... 6 run out ... ... 5 J. B. Thompson, tip wkt, b Long ... 7 c and b Harper ... o W. Davis, b. Harper ... ... 0 not out ... ... 1 T. S. Townsend, c Danley, b Long ... 6 b Harper ... 0 W. J. [F. J.] Davis, not out ... ... 1 b Harper ... ... 0 Byes 7; leg-bye 1; wide , 1 ... 9 59 20 Total ... ... 79 YASS. FIRST INNINGS. SECOND INNINGS. John Douglas, c Blair, b. Palmer ... 6 R. Smith, b. Parker ... ... ... 0 J. McJannett, run out, b. Palmer ... 6 not out ... 9 J. Harper, b Palmer ... ... 3 W. Daley, b Palmer, ... ... 3 Jackey Douglas, b Parker ... ... 16 not out ... ... 10 W. Brigstocke, b. Palmers ... ... 2 F. E. Hardy, b Parker ... ... 1 N. R. Besnard jun, not out ... ... 1 G. H. Tempest, b. Taylor ... ... 5 J. A. Long, l.b.w., b. Parker ... 0 Byes 15 ; leg-bye 1; wide 1 ... 17 Bye ... ... 1 60 20 Total ... ... 80 CHURCH OF ENGLAND BRAIDWOOD. --- The follow ing letter appears in the last issue of the Monitor : SIR, --- On Sunday evening, the Rev. Mr. Byng preached to the largest congregation that ever met in St. Andrew's church. His sermon on Christ's resur rection displayed great natural powers of analysis haadilleatitibn. If ha cuLtivates his natural talent fior half-adoze re yeahs, I venture to perdict that he will.beha ne f thae istr pulpit orators of the present day'.tiiI hqpe that he, will not alter the sermon, though I must tell him, that Christ after his resur rection made eleven recorded appearances, besides hie 'masi'clous appoaiance to St. Paul. Were he, hidoever.to eoter into minute particulare he would spoilt the sermon The jinlavourabll remarks made upna'matn eof uch. promise wilt fall ff from him :likerater frorm"the wings of a duck. James Allan. Braidwood pare rinige , March'10. THE O'BRIEN BRIDGE. --- It is not unlikely that the government will soon have to make arrange- ments for the erection of another iron or timber bridge over the Yass River, that near Cooma, which so unexpectedly stood the force of the great flood of April last year, having for some time past shown indication of instability. Indeed, we under stand, the officers of the roads department have some time ago reported the structure to be unsafe for very heavily laden teams. Only a few weeks ago traffic was interrupted for three days while efforts were made to repair the bridge; and on Monday last, while a team bearing some eight or nine tons was crossing, a couple of the cross joists or beams suc- cumbed to the great weight and smashed, but fortu nately the team got over safely. Mr. Meldrum, the superintendent of roads, was on the spot shortly after the occurrence, and doubtless will endeavour to have the bridge put in a condition to permit of the continuance of traffic. The O'Brien Bridge was opened for trafflic in October, 1862, and is entirely constructed of timber. --- Yass Courier. THE PLOUGHING MATCH. --- As anticipated, the long continuance of dry weather, and the consequent hardness of ground, prevented any entries being made for the ploughing-match announced to come of at Douro on Monday last. The ground was all measured off and every arrangement made, but no entries took place.. We understand that the match will not be permitted to lapse altogether, as it is likely that a couple of months hence an effort will be made to get up a competition amongst the plough men of the district, and we hear it is probable that higher prizes will be offered. --- Yass Courier. IMPOUNDED AT QUEANBEYAN, on 20th March, fron Burra, by Mr. W. Gibbs ; re-advertised on ac spunt of being wrongly described at first; sum due, the first animal, £1 7e., tIl others 17s. each :--Grey 'mare, broken-in, like RS with O backwarda undor 'nbath near'shoulder, uged.-Also, on 28th Marob, from Yarrewlumis, by ordnr of A. Gibbs, Esq. Black horse, broken-in, pilled tail, D near neck, D near shoulder, 7 years; black mare, has had fistula, broken, like D with I in circle above and below near shoulder, like 5 or circle near, thigh ; dark bay.mare, black points, hind fotlooks white, brokon.in, like TiG or JO near.shoulder; bay mare, PR conjoined (the P'reversed) over L near shoulder, PR co.joinod (the P.reversed) over TO sideways off shoulder, brokok.n- '. down,.aged. To be sold 27th April... ImProUNaDD AT IURlMIono nIR ,lI , on 6thk l fr'oi Riley's Crooeek, by Mr. J. Leary; sum duo, 10s 3d. :-Bay horse, Id over Mli mnears ahoulder, saddle-marked, near hinda foot a'little white, ? od; broket; aged, about 16} hands.. To b'e old 27th A~pril. .; IMPOUNDED ?AT COOTAMUhUDT, on ora April, from Watntle Gully; by Mr:',. Iylntid ; sum due (8th, April), 9s. 9d. each,:-Blue heiferM,' D tihe D :: writingeapiial). off .ribs ;: striawbrry 'h eifer, MCY over 2 off riba,oenrs mrikdd; i:wliite steer,: rllo .h head and neck ,ij or. ,yTW off rump end ribs ; red heifer,. like' T2 off rum? p' yellow..steer, white' on back and . belly., like IT off romp. N, N off ribs; spotted cow, IH off ribs ; roan-sided cow, N off rump and.ribs,. To be sold on 27th April. I?PouNEDj AT CooerA, on 3rd April, from Island Lake, by order of J. MI. lassall, Esq.; sum due, 10s. Gd..eech:-lBay.iorsoe, small star and snip, saddle marked, shod, like A reversed or H J conjoined off shoulder, age unknown, l4- hands; black mare, star and snip, nearhind.heel white, hobble cheek, r over over S.i near shoulder, re off shoulder, age uin known, 16) hands ; bay horse, star, joint off tail, TO near shoulder, near hind heel white, agoe unknown, 15- bands. To be sold 20th April. IMPOUNDED AT Bono, on 5th April, from Long Swamp, by Mr. 0. Day ; sum due, set after each animnal:-Dark bay or brown. horse, saddle- marked, - broken-in, like AL or AL Off shoulder-12s. Od.-- - Also, on same diay, from grass paddock, Hazel.'Dell, by order of T. Shaaiuban, Esq.:-Chesnut horse, little white on near hind foot, shod on fore feet,' broked-in',blotched brand like 55 off shaboulder-se. Gd.. Notice sent .to supposed owner. To 'he sold 27th April. 