MISCELLANEOUS. From Dunedin, ander date May 1, it is reported:-"A horrible tragedy occurred at Cavershara this morning1. A woman named M'Phee, the wife of a publican, cut her child's throat witty a butcher's knife. She then attempted, puicide, and is not expected to recover.: It appears that her husband's partner, named Kane, had committed a capital offence npon her. which had preyed on her mind. A. warrant has been issued for Kane's apprehention." A monster beehive is reported by the Wagga Wagga Advertiser of the Oth inst. to have been discovered on the previous Thursday evening at Sandy Creek. A tree was felled for the purpose of procuring honey, which it was known had been collected there by a rather large swarm of bees. When the tree was cut down there was found in the hollow, one of the most asto nishing1 collections of honey ever known, probably to have been gathered by one swarm of bees. There were several immense layers of comb 10ft in length and of great density, extend ing- along the inside of the trunk, and almost clothing the hollow of the tree entirely. After it had been carried home (having been wasted considerably by the fall of the tree, and the primi tive mode in which it was collected) the comb yielded over 2001bs. of honey of the purest quality. A LUDICROUS GHOST STORY.- Tn the newly-published autobiography of the late Lord Brougham, the follow ing amusing gliust story is told: " On all such subjects niy father was very sceptical. He was fond of telling a story in which he had been an actor, and, as he used to say, in which his unbelieving obstinacy had been the means of demolishing what would have made a very pretty ghost story. He had been dining in Dean's Yard, Westminster, with a party of young men, one of whom was liis intimate friend, Mr. Calmel. There was some talk about the death of Mrs. Nightin gale, who had recently died under some melancholy circumstances, and had. been buried in the Abbey. Some one offered to bet that no one of those present would go down into the grave and drive a nail into the coffin. Calmel accepted the wager, only stipulating that he might have a lanthorn. He was accordingly let into the cathedral '»y a door of the cloisters, and there left to himself. The dinner party, after waiting an hour or more for Calmel, began to think something must have happened to him, and that he ought to be looked after; so my father and two or three more got a light and went to the grave, at the bottom of which lay the apparently dead body of Mr. Calmel. He was quickly ctrans ported to the prebend's dining "room and recovered out of his fainting-fit. [ As soon as he could find his ton°*ue he said, " Well, I have won my wager, and you'll find the nail in the coffin : but, by Jove! the lady rose up, laid hold of nie, and pulled me down before T could scramble out of the grave." Calmel stuck to his story, in spite of all the scoffiing of his friends . and the ghost of Mrs. Nightingale woul<l have been all over the town but for my father's obstinate incredulity. Nothing would satisfy him but an ocular in spection of the grave and coffin ; and so, getting alight, he and some of the party returned to the grave. There sure enough, was the nail, well driven into tke coffin; but hard fixed by it was a bit of Mr. Calmel's coat-tail! So there was an end of Mrs. Nighin gale s ghost. This grave afterwards became remarkable for a very beautiful piece of sculpture, by some celebrated artist, representing Mr. Nightingale vainly attemping to ward from his dying wife the dart of death. AN ILLUSTRIOUS RECRUIT.-The Telegraph is remindful that 23 years the Prince Napoleon Bonaparte, then an exile from Prance, enrolled himself as a volunteer in defence of order and law against the disreputable band who threatened to reproduce in London the sanguinary excesses that at that time disgraced many European capitals, Paris taking the lead. He took the oaths at Malborough-street Police Court, and assumed the baton as a special constable, prepared to fight, if needs were, for the country and the institutions 'that had welcomed and sheltered liimi During almost the -whole of the period between April, 1848, and March, 1871, the quondam special constable has ruled France with -mmost absolute authority j but now he ifiingain in exile, and his son, bom in the purple, a " Prince imperial," comes forward to repeat that homage to law and that recognition of national hos pitality which the father rendered be fore revolution prepared his way to a throne. Then, as now, Paris was the centre of democratic propaganda, the focus of discontent, the fickle adorer of mob licence one day and of military autocracy the next. Whether the parallelism is to be carried any further we do not yet know. Meanwhile, the enrolment of the Prince Imperial in tliie ranks of the West Kent Yeo manry Cavalry is an incident remark able enough to strike even those who do not always appreciate the curiosities of historical coincidence. If the il lustrious recruit is as intelligent as common report describes him, he may derive from his new associations cer tain lessons of priceless value, whether a great or a modest career be his future lot. He will discover some of the causes of the stability of English in stitutions, and will see how it is that a passionate attachment to freedom is found along with respect for law, a keen sense of duty, and a frank ac ceptance of class distinctions. He will observe that persons of all ranks combine for the general good, instead of splitting off into sections, each blindly worshipping an idea, and seek ing to forcibly impose its pet crotchet on every other section. He will see that peers, j'comanr}', and peasants do not hold aloof from each other as enemies, but cultivate close and friendly reiations, based on a willing ac ceptance of duty, and an honest respect for each other's right. The return of wild beasts destroyed in the Central Province (North India) during De cember 31,1870, states that there were killed 93 tigers, 232 panthers, leopards, and cubs, 111 bears end cub?, 107 wolves and cubs, and 128 hyenas and cubs, at a cost to Government of rupees 4,452 <(£445 4*). The force maintained in India during 1870-1 h$lB been 6,545 British officers, 60,425 npn - commissioned officers and private soldiers, 122,122 native solders, 14,187 Go vernment horses, with 424 field guns; and that the estimated force for 1871-72 is-6,436 officers, 60-445 British soldiers, 121,981 native soldiers, 13,253 Government horses, with 394 field guns. The "English Churchman" has met with a sad reverse. The other day it was injudicious j enough to suggest that the Bishops were not better than the Apostles, whereupon one of my ' 'ords incontinently " stopped" bis paper. It. is' estimated thnt ene hundred million people read the English language, and only half that number read French. A corre»pondent of the "Brisbane Courier" supplies the'following te?t for determining the qpali'y of kerosene:-On receiving a tin of kerosene sample it, then take two or three short pieces of berlin-wool or unravelled string, dip them in the oil, lay them down, light one end, when, if the flame rushes rapidly along, the kerosene is of too explosive a nature to be safely u ed. The exploring expedition which is said to be in process of bein i organized under the auspices of the Governor-General of Netherlands-India is: one of considerable importance to the people of Australia. The expedition is to sail from Java during the present montb, and proceed direct to Melbourne to there take on board M. Ploos Van Amstel, the consul-general for tbe Netherlands, under whose control tbe expedition is to be placed. The expedition will then pro ceed to explore the northern coast of this con tinent, and from Australia it will pass over to New Guinea, for the purpose of exploring the southern and south-western coast of that island, as well as the coasts of the islands adjacent to .it. The result, of this voyage and survey will probably bethe.foundingofaDutch colony in New Guinea. There is a strong reason for believing that New Guinea is rich in gold deposits, and sbonld this conjecture prove correct, that great island will attract a large European population, as a matter of course, In a few years. Unquestionably, New Guinea will prove a valuable tropical possession to whatever European power chooses to occupy it. The results of the expedition, so far as the Australian colonic* are concerned, will 'be perhaps some slight increase in our knowledge of the climate, harbours, and agricultural capabilities of Northern Australia, and it may be also some commercal advantage, such as would be likely to arise out of a trade between an old established port and a new colony. " Town and Country Journal." The "Lyttleton Times" says:-"The New Town Hallj the old Town Hall, the supper and retiring rooms, and a shop in the same street, in Canterbury have been sold at auction, to Mr. Ii. E. Nathan, for £3,000. Tbe new hall, shaken by earthquakes, has been condemned for public purposes." The " Talbot Leader" writes: - " Amongst the curiosities of census-taking must be classed the fact that one of the country subenumerators outside of Talbot had a householder's echedule tendered him, duly filled up, that had been left ten yean ago, and had never been called for." HINT TO She Gbowbbb.-A Sydeny paper says :-" At a recent meeting of tbe Acclimatiza tion Society of Queensland, Mr. Hocking s made reference to a matter that has not been put so prominently before the public as it de eerveB. In a report received tome time ago from a French firm, it was stated that the cocoons would be of more value in the market after the moths had left them, than silk impro perly wound. The importance of that feet is very great, and even to those who propose to cultivate the silkworm it will be valuable, be cause there is a demand for any quantity of seed in Europe in consequence of the disease \ which has been prevalent there for years, and it sells at from 12s to 20s per ounce. The cocoonB are worth about 2s 63 per lb." Boasting seldom or never accompanies sense of real power. When men feel that they can express themselves by deeds, they do not often care to do so by words. FROM Pole TO POLE.-A merchant going home elevated, staggered against a telegraph pole.-"Beg your pardon,'' said he; "I hope no offence. It's rather dark, and the street is narrow, you see."-In a few moments he came in contact with another pole.-" Couldn't help it, sir," said he, lifting his hat; " I never saw such crooked lanes as we have here in this city 1"-Again he ran fool of a pole, this time with a force which sent him backwards to the ground.-" Look here, neighbour, yoa needn't push a fellow down because he happens to touoh you; the road is as much mine as it is yours, and I have as much right to be here as you have, you old etick-in the-mud 'J'j-fle picked himself up, and made another fefiohrto reach his home, but he soon came plntnp against another pole.-"I shan't make any more apologies," said he; "if you get into the middle of the street and stand in my way, that's your look-out and not mine."-Pro ceeding on his journey again, and becoming angty and dizzy, he seemed to be entangled in an inextricable labyrinth of telegraph poles, which led him to make a general speech. " Gentlemen, you are not doing the fair thing. Toudonot give a man a chance. Tou ran from one side of the street to the other, right in my way."-Just then he met a friend, and taking him by the hand he said, "There is a procession going along the street, and every man is drunk; they have been running against me all the way from the club. I knocked one of the fellows down, and one of the frllows knocked me down, and a lot of them .got around me, and I believe they would bare licked me within an iuch of my life if you had not come to the rescue, Let us go out of this street before the procession comes back, for they are all drunk." For remainder of News, see pages 5^6. 