NEWS AND NOTES. The friends and supporters of the Hon. Robert ■Walsh, Attorney-General, are invited to attend a meeting at the Eglinton hotel, this evening, for the purpose of forming a committee to take steps to secure his re-election. The committee already formed in cludes some of our most influential citizens. The district coroner held an inquest on Monday on the body of Ah Wee, a Chinese miner, who was killed in the claim of the Rose Hill Gold Mining Company on Saturday. It was found that death was caused by compound comminuted fractures of the skull with severe injuries to the brain from the deceased man’s head having struck against the cap-piece and after wards been caught between it and the cage. The jury also found that the accident was caused by the cage being hauled up without the usual knock or signal being given to the engine-driver, whose attention was occupied at the time by his having to attend to a signal from the puddling-machine. The evidence of the engine-driver, Richard Ninnes, was to the effect that between 12 and 1 a.m, on Saturday he was en gaged in pulling up dirt. At about twenty minutes past twelve o’clock his attention was drawn from the winding to the pumping-engine by the man at the puddling-machine, who told him to stop the winding engine until the puddling-machine was put into gear. When the machine had been put in gear he started the winding-engine again, and had lifted the cage some 20 feet from the bottom of the shaft when the platman signalled to him to stop the cage at the surface. He did so, and a Chinaman landed off the cage at the surface. The first he heard of a man being killed was when ho heard the platman telling the braceman to pull up steady, as a dead man was going up. He did not hear any knock or signal when he started the winding- engine, after the puddling machine was put in gear; but ho thought there might have been a knock or signal given whilst his attention was taken up by the puddling machine. The rule was that a knock should be given every time before the engine was started. It appeared from the evidence of another witness that there were three men in the cage, and when deceased was stepping in, the cage started without any signal having been given. The deceased man was dragged up some 20 feet between the cage and the shaft, until another level was reached, when he fell down the shaft into the well. There ap pears to be something grievously wrong in the state of affairs at this claim, when the engine-driver can do hia work in this manner, and it is to be.hoped that the fact of the unfortunate deceased having been “onlya Chinaman,” will not prevent the proper authorities taking some action to bring the blame home to those culpable in the matter. Elsewhere will be found some account of the large pumping-gear for the Thames mines, just made by Messrs, Walker and Cos., of the Union Foundry. A man named Edward Spicer was ; brought before the City Police-court on Monday, charged with having stabbed a mate named James Moloney, at Bungaree, at eleven o’clock on Sunday night. It appeared that the men quarrelled while slightly the worse for liquor, and that the prisoner, drawing a long-bladed knife, stabbed the victim of the outrage on the left arm. He then ran away, but was secured by the police. Moloney was taken to the district hospital, where he now lies. The wounds, we understand, are not dangerous. A miner, named Benjamin Hughes, who very greatly injured his foot by a fall in the shaft of the Prince Imperial Company, was received at the hospital on Monday. A man named Martin, one of a. co-operative party I working at the claim of the Old Hero Company, Little I Bendigo,waskilledbyafall o£ earth in a drive on Monday, The coroner will hold an inquest oh the body to-day.. The deceased was a private in the 3rd Ballarat Rangers.’- It is expected he will be -bnried with mili tary honors. An application to that effect has been made tothe' commanding officers of-the corps. - The district coroner held an inquest on Monday on the body. of . Ellen Johnson, who died rather suddenly : at her dwelling at Pennyweight Flat, on Saturday. The jury found that death arose from natural causes and was caused by chronic peritonitis. _ The Sebastopol Borough Council, met on Monday night. The only important business was the considera tion of the application of the St. George Company for the exclusive.right to mine under certain streets in the borough.' As is'usual vrith bdrough bouncils 'this' iiiiC~ portant public matter was reserved for discussion in committee, with closed doors. , The Speaker on Saturday issued a writ for the elec tion of a member to serve in the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Ballarat East, in the place of the Hon. Robert Walsh. The following arrange ment has been made for the election; —Date of writ, Bth inst.; day of nomination, 18th inst.: day of poll ing, 22nd inst.; return of writ, 27th inst. The second half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Company, held yesterday, will be ; found reported-in another column. ~ The' company is now in a very good position, but from motives of caution the directory did not” recommend the decla ration of a dividend. - , r , ....... Dr Brown,' coroner, held an inquest at' Bonney’s hotel, Buninyong, on Monday, on the body of Charles Loud Lorden, aged six months, who died suddenly on Sunday whilst Mrs Lorden was washing the child. The child had been hearty up. to , the time of death. It had a littlebread, mashed potatoes, and sausage-meat for breakfast,, also-bread and milk and the breast during the*morning. It screamed in the water, which was tepid, and Mrs Lorden took the child out, but it died directly afterwards. The medical evidence showed that “ sudden shock to the nervous -system, from sudden immersion in tepid water whilst the stomach ,w,as filled with food, was the cause of death.” The verdict given was in accordance with the medical evidence; ■- ~ Our local correspondent writes ;—“ Time, instead of lessening belief in the Burnt Bridge ghost, has rather intensified that feeling, and this is particularly true of one of the party from Lal Lal that visited the haunted house. This person is so imbued with fear ever since, that he is almost prostrate. On Friday night a crowd gathered around him in his dwelling, to hear his version of.the adventure, when, fromsome cause, the visitors unceremoniously rushed out. Find ing himself thus left the sole occupant of the house, he hastily snatched up a blanket, but in his excessive confusion and hurry left his' hat and boots behind, and applied all, available speed in making his escape to my house, distant about sixty yards, and pitifully im plored admittance. He said he must have travelled the distance in thirteen bounds, so great was his terror, and he seriously congratulated himself on his good fortune in not coming bump against a tree. Just fancy a man about forty- five years of age, and about six feet sis inches high, with hair standing on end, barefooted and bareheaded, clearing huge logs and other obstructions as if the-Arch-fiend himself were at his , heels, from sheer terror from a ghost, and you have a faithful picture of the man on, Friday night. At Clarendon, a party of men of undoubted bravery is organising to challenge the ghost at his haunt, and they propose. to furnish themselves with firearms in case of meeting tangible resistance. Should the scheme be carried out, I may have to tell you before long of more converts to the new faith.” A home missionary meeting was held last night in the Wesleyan Church, Barkly street. The Rev. Thos. Williams presided over the meeting, which was ably addressed by the Revs. C. H. Ingamells, Francis Neale, James W. Crisp, and Mr John Letcher. The meeting indicated its appreciation by a liberal contri bution. At the usual half-yearly : change of chairs of the Loyal North Star Lodge, No. 5075, M.H.1.0.0.F., the following brethren were installed into their respective offices :—N.G., Rowe, G.M.; Y.G. Denholm, N.G.; Warden Stone, V. 6.; Br B. T. Jones, secretary.. '.The lodge numbers 89 financial members, and has a balance 0f.£1456 7s fid to its credit. At a meeting of the Executive Council, held at ,ten' o’clock on Monday morning, at Toorak—present, his Excellency the Governor, the Hon. Howard Spensloy, Solicitor-General, and the Hon. Michael O’Qrady, Commissioner of Public Works, Judge Pohlman was sworn in as a Judge of the Supreme Court. His Honor proceeded on circuit on Monday. During last week Colonel Sankey was engaged in nfiip.iiiliy wnrl-K nnnner.terl .wiMi.tbft gnwprn. ment system of water-supply at Castlemaine, Fryer’s Creek, Sandhurst, and Malmsbury, and returned to Melbourne on Saturday. The man Charles Bellyeald, a wood-carver, who cut his. throat on - Friday morning at his abode in Nicholson street. North Carlton, through depression of spirits at not being able to earn sufficient to support his family,' died in the Melbourne. Hospital on Sunday morning. 'the Fremantle Herald of 17th June says:—“His Excellency,.accompanied by the harbor-master, visited Owen’s Bay. We understand his Excellency proposes recommending the Wanliss Timber Company to fix it as their port of export.” At the political meeting on Saturday night at Tal bot a resolution was carried expressing approval of the new policy, and pledging the meeting, in the event of an appeal to the country, to support Mr Duffy and his colleagues. One remarkable feature of the proceedings (says the M, and D. Advertiser) was that the gentlemen who took the most prominent part in the meeting were formerly zealous and ardent ad mirers of Mr M’Culloch, to a degree that may be described as extreme, and were even the leading mem bers of the Loyal Liberal Association of the district, now defunct. They, however, claim to be just as loyal and quite as liberal as ever they were. We regret (says Saturday’s Independent) to state that another mining accident occurred last night at Eaglehawk, by which a man named Henry Mills met with an almost instantaneous death. It appears that he was engaged working in the mine of the Durham and Cumberland Company. He was descending the shaft by a rope, and, when down a considerable way, the knot slipped and he was precipitated to the bot tom, a distance of over eighty feet, and was killed on the spot, one of his legs and his neck being broken. The Independent of Monday says:—“ The rope was old and rotten, not much thicker than a clothes-line, and that for a man to risk himself on that, with eighty feet of empty space beneath him, was an act of insanity.” The Age understands that Mr George Coppin has engaged Mrs Robert Heir, who is on her way hence from Queensland, to support M. Tavares, the Mexican tragedian. Beferring.to the case of the Nunawading Messiah, partially reported in Monday’s issue, the Telegraph says:—“The charge against the so-called Nunawading Messiah, for obtaining money by false pretences, has resulted in the discharge of the head of the Church of the First-born, not because the imposition practised -remained a moot point, but because the poor dupe was unable to state any ‘ existing fact ’ in connection with money alleged to have been given for the miraculous services performed. Wilson, the prosecutor, detailed circumstantially how Fisher had proclaimed himself the Messiah; how he claimed to be in possession of healing power to body and soul; how he protested that he snatched a sick child from the jaws of death, and struck down his mother because she indulged in lamentations about not being able to aid in the good worthy contributions, instead of handing over a por tion of the worldly goods of which the false prophet contended that she was possessed. The prosecutor confessed that at one time he had faith in the power of Fisher, which was strengthened by visions and re velations with which he himself had been favored, and that fear of impending evil threatened by the ‘ Master’ to those who did not give freely, forced him to open his heart and purse strings on various occasions. He confessed that when Fisher faildd to restore his sick child to health, he began to have some doubts of the Divine power, but that it was only when outraged by the disgraceful proposals of his quondam leader made to his wife, that he dared to tread in open opposition to the head of the Church of which he himself was a preacher. Aceordiug to Wilson’s testimony it was clear that Fisher had played upon the credulity of his dupes, but had gone so warily to work that the charge of false pretences upon an existing fact could not be sheeted home to him.” An appeal under the Trade Marks Statute was heard in the Supreme Court on Saturday, Schemmell v Call and Bronckhorst. Schemmell was convicted by Mr Call, on the information of Mr Bronckhorst, of having, with intent to defraud, forged a trademark of Hen nessy and Cos., the brandy merchants. The evidence was to the effect that he had sold a quantity of brandy which he represented to be Hennessy’s, and which had labels resembling Hennessy’s. He had at one time represented himself as the agent in the sale, and at another time.as the principal. On appeal to the General Sessions the conviction was confirmed, but a special case was stated for the Supreme Court whether the evidence supported the conviction—whe ther, in fact, a man who sold brandy with a counter feit label could be said to “use” it in the sense of forging the label. The court reserved judgment. News from New Caledonia to 21st June states:— “ The Government are causing the interior of the country to be more thoroughly examined and explored. The Moniteur, of the 14th : of June, describes a visit to the Caves of Tchalabell,andto the auriferous slopes of Manghine. A letter from the Colonial Secretary, M. H. Trastour, dated the Bth June, complains, (inci dentally) that many of the hew arrivals from- Aus tralia qre addicted to drink. , The, strength of the naval statwHi? Noumea is to be reduced by one-half —-from 30,000f. to 15,000£. These reductions are made ‘ on account of the exigencies of the situation.’ Tim proposal of the Governor to introduce municipal institutions into New Caledonia has been sanctioned by the Rome authorities;" i . j :; 5' ‘ ' Colonel Sankey. (reports the Kyncton Guardian) visited the Malmsbuiy reservoir on Wednesday, and the valve being closed, he made.an examination of, the outlet tunnel, which was found absolutely dry. : -' v The following notice has been posted at the Uni versity . term, 1871\. , A sufficient number of candidates having entered for examination atMelboume.an'examination’ held at the University on Monday, the 2llh. instant,"’and" thetwofollowingdays.—E.T. a’Beckett,' Registrar. 6th July; 1871.” " r ' ’ " The Age says—“An attempt is being made by Messrs M'Culloch, Campbell, and Cos. to establish a monthly cattle market in the Victoria Agricultural Society’s yards, at Heidelberg. The sales take place every first Friday in the -month, that on Friday last being very well attended, Upwards of 100 head of dairy and other, cattle, besides horses, &c.;, being penned, most of which changed handsat fair average prices.”; * ■ The Age says—“ Mr Harwood, late of the Theatre Royal, has joined Mr Gregory, director of the Gregory troupe, in the management of that company, and will travel with them through-India; Before going they will perform for a short season at St. George’s Hall. After the'tbuf in India Mr Harwoori purposes 1 to’take the overland route to Europe, and there seek for some novelties with which'to return tofAustralia.” The Southland Times, in giving an account of the capture of a whale by some boats off the Bluff, says:— “ The crews of the boats included a number of half caste ladies,‘Whose services were caUediritorequisitibn by their lords. Here-is a fact for the advocates of woman’s rights.” -.-- The Hawaiian, Gazette. ■ reports “ that the City of Melbourne arrived at Honolulu, via Fiji, in twenty one days from Sydney, with seventy-three passengers; also, that she will not leave San Francisco on her re turn voyage till.the 20th June, so as to alternate with the Suez mail.” - ; Says the Geelong Express:- —“ The flag at the two local fire brigade stations were hoisted half-mast high on Sunday, and on enquiring the cause we found that it was out of respect to Captain Dunn, of the Ballarat Fire Brigade. Captain Dunn, who was : held in very great respect, died suddenly on Saturday, he; having been present at the ordinary meeting of his brigade on Thursday last.” . . .. . A ploughing match was held at Morrison oh "Wed nesday. It was well attended, but the entries were not equal to those of the preceding year, there .being, only 19, as compared with ’3O of last year. The ploughing was well executed, considering the character of the land, which was not suitable, nor calculated to set the work off to advantage. As it was, five of the competitors, one being a champion from the Barrabool Hills, could not complete their 60 perches in the six' hours allowed. Mr Batb, .of -Ballarat, had a dyna mometer on the ground, and attracted much atterition with it. The dinner in the evening was well attended and everything passed off satisfactorily. ;■. ■ .; - A lady belonging to North Melbourne disappeared from her residence on Monday, but was subsequently observed walking on Brighton: beach, reading aloud Gordon’s “ Bush Ballads ■ and Galloping Rhymes.” She . then seemed , to .be suffering.from.some serious mental depression. Her, gloves have been found in the scrub, but no other traces whatever, notwithstand ing rigorous search. 1 ' ' '■ :' :■■■ Messrs Yeomans and Richards, of Bourke street east (says’the Age), are making a hat for Thokbmbau,! King of all the Fijis. It may be interesting to know that it is to be constructed of-white felt, made of the rabbit skin of the country;' It is/too, a patent hat,’arid is grease proof,'.besides.having peculiar qualities of ven tilation and adaptability to the head. ’ For the whole bat Messrs Yeomans and Richards have taken out a patent. ; On Saturday evening a vocalahd instrumental en tertainmerit was given in the Cambrian Hill school house,-Mr Lewis presiding, in the absence of Coun cillor Thomas. The entertainment was; in aid of the widow and family of the late Robert. Jones, of that locality-, who was found a short time ago dead in a water-hole. 1 The ■ house was well filled in all parts. The company consisted of Mrs OswelL and Messrs E. Page, A, J. Oswell, and Master D, Jones; with Mr Doyle presiding at the harmonium. It had been in tended to have had a much larger company on the occasion, but owing to the case being urgent there was no time to spare for that purpose. The perform ance was well received, and Mr Rankin, in Inoviug the usual vote of thanks to tho performers, intimated that the receipts were far in excess of what had been jmti&ipuLcti.; TUc o»uii/ricxii mil Broaa Bimil rendered a number of capital selections during.the evening, and one of'its members, Mr J. Hanlon, afforded a great treat to the audience by dancing the clog hornpipe iri a style which was vociferously encored. The . Geelong Advertiser says;—“ The persistent policy adopted by a portion of the Press in attributing the opinions of this journal to the Treasurer, necessi tates the publication of the fact that from the period Mr Berry accepted office, he has ceased to. be respon sible for anything that appears in this journal. The fact that Mr Berry is constantly in Melbourne, attend ing to his public duties, might in itself have been con sidered sufficient, without this express declaration.” The races advertised to take place on the 20th inst., under the auspices of the Bungaree Turf Club, are unavoidably postponed until further notice. Mr Robert Heller and Miss Haidee Heller will re appear at the Mechanics’ Institute on Monday next for a limited period. The official announcement of the Woodnaggerak ploughing match appears in our advertising columns. A meeting of ladies interested in the forthcoming Mechanics’ Institute Bazaar, will take place to-morrow afternoon. A new melodrama was brought out last night at the Theatre Royal, entitled “The Home Wreck," and we must compliment the company upon the credit able way in which most of the business was done. The company is of course struggling with many diffi culties, but it comprises several capable people, and there really is some veryj good acting in the drama. The story may have been suggested by Tenny son’s poem, “Enoch Arden,” inasmuch as there is a wreck, and the wife of one of the mariners (Miss Carry George) marries again, after waiting several years, believing her husband (Mr Lawrence) to be dead. She marries an old friend (Mr Metcalfe) of her husband’s, and while he is gone to lead a forlorn hope at a wreck on the coast, her husband returns, but she fails to recognise him, and he, hearing the change in her history, tells her of his own death. He subsequently goes to the rescue of his wife’s second husband, and saves him; but himself is brought ashore dying, and he dies in his wife's arms and blesses her and her new husband. The piece is in three acts, and the best scene is where, on a “palm island,” Mr Lawrence and his mate (Mr Collier) are seen in rags and exhaustion, one dying and the other left alone. Mr Collier's management of the death scene was very naturally done indeed, and the house was hushed to absolute silence. Mr Lawrence’s acting in the scene was also good, as it was also in the subsequent scene, where he tells tho pretended tale" of his own death. There are several under-plots of a comic kind, in which a good deal of broad fun is evolved, and each of the first and second acts opens with dancing, so that the heavy agony of the drama is plentifully relieved with lighter matter. Mr Daniels, as a comic postman, and Mr Lloyd, as tho very much abused clerk of a villanous lawyer (Mr Kitts), also contributes to the funny business. Miss Norman, and Miss. Bushe, and Miss Carry George have prominent parts, and sustain them on the whole very satisfac torily. There is some new scenery and some new mechanical effects, and the dialogue contains not a few very fair bits of humor, which are given with capital ■point by Messrs Daniels and Lloyd, the funny men of the piece. At the close of the palm island scene, Messrs Collier and Lawrence had a merited call before the curtain, and the piece altogether wont off very smoothly. Tho farce, “The Omnibus,” closed the entertainment very merrily. The bill will be re peated this evening. 