THING'S IN GENERAL. That was a sensible nigger, and one who knew the value of punishment, who objected to "the preachee and floggeo too." Mr Lloyd, of Wurruk Wurruk (a t very enterprising man he is, too, by the way) must have felt the full force of the objection the other day when-as a reward and to encourage people who like him in. convenience themselves in order to fur ther the ends of justice-hlie received a moral lecture and homily on the fourth Commandment, from an ornament to the bench who, by-the.bye, ought not acoord ing to his printed instructions to have been there at all on that occasion, and which preachment was followed up by a summons from the very constable to whom he had given every facility to sheet home a charge of cattle-stealing against a man now undergoing sentence for his misdeeds. Mir Lloyd had not even the grim satisfaction which the condemned criminals who were ordered for execution next day had, when the gaol chaplain con. eluded a very dry discourse by informing his audience that ht would pursue the subject further next Sunday. They at any rate knew, that the terms of their sentence precluded the further infliction which was hinted at. Seriously, it is high time that the itch for preaching on the bench were cured ; and when men who take advantage of their temporary and ac. cidental position to act impertinently (for there is no other word for it) to respect. able witnesses-in such a manner as they dare not assume except from the height' of theirmomentaryeleration-they should be brought to their proper bearings: Po liteiess to the public is just as indispens. able from the bench as from behind the counter of the Pay Office, and there are many who think with me, that the duties. connected with the latter ought to be sufliciently numerous to demand a very great deal of the time and attention of the holder of the office, which is at pre sent devoted to settling the affairs of the public on the bench. It is doubt less laudable to undertake gratuitous trouble to qualify oneself for the duties of a police magistrate; but the salary of one office is not sufficient to compensate for extra work in preparing for another in prospective; and, while no doubt it is a pity that an imposing figure for a chair man should be hid in the. comparative obscurity of the Receipt and Pay Office, still, as the salary is regularly paid, it might as well be considered that it is a part of work and labour done. I wonder what prompted the police magistrate to suggest to the police to withdraw the summons? Was he ashamed of the cold blooded treachery of the proceeding P If I were big Sergeant Scanlon, of the Sale police, I would object to be called a " satellite." What is a satellite P-is it not a little star ? If so, why term a man a satellite who is burly enough to form a whole constellation P The new premises where the " clerical satellites" revolve in their different orbits are an improvement on the old packing-case arrangement. It would have been a sad thing if a Byron struck individual had to exclaim-"There has another star gone out,I think," by the collapse of the old tumble-down premises on the devoted head of the sergeant. I am thankful things were ordered differ ently, and that the brightest of the stars adorning the blue is still to the fore. I hope its himself will shine for a long time ! The following address has been illu minated and presented by his brethren to a clergyman leaving Ballarat. If the recipient of this wonderful document has any humour, he will have it framed, and placed in a conspicuous place:-" To the Rev. - - , Dear Brother,--Having been connected as you have been, with the Ballarat Ministerial Association for upwards of ten years, beine one of the original members; and having, during that period, regularly attended its meet irgs, and taken a deep interest and active part in its various exercises and opera tions ; and being now about to return to England to settle there-testimony is hereby borne to your character minis terially, as a truthful, faithful, successful iIMinister" of Jesus Christ, in labours oft, patient, zealous and persevering, amid the many difficulties incident to a colonial ministry ; and f'aternally, as a brother, beloved, kind, gentle, and obliging, and who has wgn the esteem and love of ill with whom you hare been associated. The brethren of the nssociation part with you with regret, believing, ns they do, that your leaving will be ia great loss to tlis commnunity ; but acquics,ingq in the will of ai good and wise Providence, pray eanrnestly that lie who is the God of the sea anid of the dry land mny grant you and yours a prosperous roynge, bringing you safely to your desired haven ; and in the fatherland speedily open up before you a sphere of usefulness, amid which onu Imiay rncew your Iinhours in the n'tlJse orf lthe GCreat M:aster." ShlnlI'of Lindley Murray! hIat sayst thou to such a rigmarole P .Cost thou not rattle thy dryI bones in impotent rage,when thou art toldj that its compilers have been devotees of Ad ma Mater P But without apostrophising any ghost, I would ask what useful pur pose is served by the first semicolon in the first sentence of this effusion ?-also, whether " fraternally as a brother " is not redundant. Seeing that " fraternallt as a sister," or " father," or " mother or "aunt," would be ridiculous, I have an idea that the expression " acquiescing in the will of a good and wise Provi dence." is merely thrown in for the sake of effect-to show, in fact, that the writers, after mature consideration were, on that occasion, satisfied with the providential decree, at the same time (by implication) hinting that if they bad come to an opposite conelnsion, it might have been a serious matter for-r will not be irreverent, so I refrain. My motive in dragging to light this choice morsel of clerical snobbery is to permit of my asking if the sacredness of the minis terial calling gives immunity from breaches of syntax, the right to indulge in execrable English composition in that peculiarly sanctified tone which some people consider the no plus ultra of goodness, and to enquire with amazement if there can he people who for a moment imagine that their approval or other wise, could have the most infinitesimal influence on an order of Providence. Some folks have a very easy familiar way of speaking of God, Providence, &c.;, which in mny humble judgment says little for their sense. No doubt the well meaning, ungrammatical gentlemen who provoked this paragraph, and who so good naturedly acquiesced in the will of' Providence, really meant that they would how to that which they could not by any possibility avert. The slip-slop free and easy style of addressing the Deity to which I object, adopted by many well meaning persons, is exceedingly repre hensible, and no amount of piety can warrant a person in mentioning the name of God without fear and trembling. The super-excellently, and the super-excel lently bad think otherwise. Sale, I find, has been quite gay lately, positively in the height of the season. What with lectures on temperance in. which the "orny 'anded sons o' toil" are adjured to shun the " flowing bole" has hit his a hart hof the hevil one to url them hinto ell; flare ups at the Club. Hotel in which gentlemen indulge in the no doubt elegant, but to the uninitiated somewhat noisypastime of" ram reeling" (your own reporter gave me the word;) lectures on the various methodsof instruct-. ing mutes, to which I have previously re ferred ; and a presentation of books to the Rev. C. Dubourg by the children of the Band of Hope-a hopeful band- beautifully illuminated (I mean the books not the hopefuls) by-a gentleman of Sale. on the occansion" of his departure for another field of labour (I mean Mr. Dubourg. not the gentleman), the place has been kept in a little stir. I was not at that meeting, but I may in general echo every sentiment of goodwill spoken. there towards Mr Dubourg and wish him, every happiness in his new sphere of' work. We only want a grand concert now and a ball before the roads are im passable in their usual winter fashion, and then let the elements do their wettest,. see need not be afraid of them. The far mers, and the carriers who have to face' the terrors of the Punt Lane,may not en dorse that sentiment, but there is a vein, of selfishness in everything, even in our. desires regarding the weather. April E.DT April 3: 