DOLLIffGERISK. A FEW extracts from authentic sources concerning the Provost of Munich will be interesting to our readers :— Dollinger has rejected the dogma of infallibility (says the Zeitung, a Protestant and democratic German journal, to which Dollinger alludes in his work "The Church and the Churches," in which he styles it "one of our best'read journals). We admit that he knew what he was about; nay, we admit that he is convinced of the truth of the opposite doctrine. But what are the logical and inevitable consequences of his refusal to submit to the teaching of the Church ? If the Pope is not infallible, neither is the General Council, which has declared him to be so, infallible; nay, more, the doctrine of the Church is not infallible. If, besides, the Church be not guided by the Holy Ghost, whatever she teaches, declares and commands would be purely human, and consequently without value before God or iu conscience. And thus the authority of the Church and all ecclesiastical order would fall to the ground, and nothing remain bnt the Bible Christianity of Protestantism. Dollinger having rejected the dogma of infallibility should, to be consistent, leave the Church and turn Protestant. Has he seen this consequence 1 No. Has this old man lived so long only to see a single word of refusal pronounced in the interests of what is called liberalism procure for him a greater reputation than all that he has produced with so much toil in the domain of thought ? Has he during half a century collected such a mass of material which has served for the Church's defence only to come to destruction at the end of his career by dashing himself against a rock amid the plaudits of liberalism 1 Has he been always regarded as the first Catholic scholar of Germany only to be received in the evening of his life amid thunders of applause by Protestauts," Jews, and Infidels ? This phantom of liberalism has become his stern master, and will not let go its hold. Dollinger, in his ecclesiastical history, writes the following words:— By the voice of the bishops assembled in a General Council, and by the decree of the See of Rome, was formed the highest and inviolable authority of the decision in matters of faith of the representatives of the Universal Church. And again, in his more recent work, " The Church and the Churches," he writes :— Who will pronounce on the immediate future ? Do we know what is coming in Germany ? Are we in central Europe not approaching some mighty convulsion ? Is not the Mazzini party lurking behind Piedmont to hurl Italy into the throes and tortures of a social and anti-Christian revolution ? Who can say how much in Italy and elsewhere 'will meet destruction ? One thing, however, ip certain—amidst all wrecks, one institution will remain erect, will constantly emerge from the .flood of revolution—for it is indestructible, immortal—it is the Chair of St. Peter. If I am asked whence I draw this assurance, I may point to the Bible as my answer —" Thou art the. Rock," &c.; . Dollinger unhesitatingly admits the infallibility of General Councils, but a General Council has declared and defined that the Pope is infallible.. The conclusion is obvious ; to deny the infallibility of the Pope is- to deny what this German doctor unqualifiedly admitted—the infallibility of a General Council. Dollinger has now become amenable to what he calls in his " History of the Church" "the last means to which the Church has recourse to subdue the obstinacy of false teachers and other grievous offenders <—total excommunication; by which the guilty cme is excl&ded; from all ecclesitoticAl coirpnijpion, is separated from the body of tlife fciithiful, and deprived of all the rights of ;a Christian. The fChurch received-from Christ the power'thus to act for its owh preservation^ and^^for the pro-, tection of its. members, against error and andljiepravajtipn.'- i • • JNominal Catholics," says Dr. Manning,~ ? ate our weakness M and vexation, our. scandal and out 'shaipe ; ^'om4itimea . our i^ea^t.danger.",;;!":.!. r Minist ' £o; ^e'Ballarafc ifaSonofthe'Watejr £om!imssibn touffigetit ifc^fSjBfmb works' tf the^^resfcur^of^'ftnure bhatieas rendera it practicable.' '. - 