THE RAILWAYS. (From the Braidtwood Dispatch.) Tus late alterations in the charges for goods traffic on the railway has proved anything but acceptable to the country districts con nected therewith. The public meeting at Goulburn last week shows how great a grievance the people of that town consider the large increase that has been made in the rates. It is sought to be shown how pre judicially the new industries which have sprung up under cheaper and improved communication will be affected thereby, how unfairly the producing interests of the country have boon sacrificed to bolster up the manufacturing interests of the metro polis and its vicinity, and how the object sought to be accomplished by the raising of the rates will by this very means be de feated. Although in this district we have not the good fortune, or misfortune, as some of the communities along the line cry out, to be dependent upon the railway for our traffic, we have some of us been living in hopes that when the road between here and Goulburn is made passable-if that good time ever comes-we should find it to our advantage to get up our goods by the over land route instead of by the sea as at pre sent. The government style of managing our railways and the utter indifference mani fosted to the opening up of the districts contiguous to them by means of good roads, gives little promise in that direction. And considering the dissatisfaction which is con tinually being expressed by our neighbours in Goulburn about the way the railways are conducted, we are perhaps as well off jog ging along as we are, with thirty miles of road carriage (bad as it is) and the rest by water, which is admitted to be the cheapest mode of transit that can be adopted. This is being exemplified in a remarkable man nor in regard to the Riverine trade, where notwithstanding the short distance to the nearest seaport, Melbourne, and the advan tage of a line of railway to the Murray, it is being found that wool can be conveyed down the river to the sea near Adelaide some £2 a ton cheaper than the present rates to Melbourne. So far experience is showing us therefore that the present route for the traffic of this district is not likely to be superseded by railways for some time to come, if at all. It is pretty evident, however, that our railways will never while under government management give satisfaction. Since the line reached Goulburn the traffic rates have been continually undergoing alteration in some form or other. The mischievous ten dencies of this state of things is apparent to all persons who know how essential it is for the carrying on of any business that the ex penses attending it should be subject to as little fluctuation as possible. Hereoin rests the groat difficulty that besets all new in dustrial undertakings in this colony. The price of labour, even where it can be ob tuined of a suitable character, is always un certain and not to be depended upon, although fortunately this drawback is every year be. coming less formidable. Next to the price of labour, however, is the item of carriage in the cost of a production, and the policy of the government appears to have been during the past few years of their railway manage. ment to cause the rates to be as variable as possible. One month they are up and another down. Now, when by a reduction for a few months they have fostered a con siderable amount of additional traffic, up they go again, and the calculations of those per sons who have gone into those new under takings are altogether thrown out. The margin of profit which they had relied upon has been turned the other way by the higher rate of carriage. It is no doubt desirable, if it can be managed, that the railways should be made to pay the cost of their working and some little per-csntage on the capital invested in them, to meet the interest upon which the credit of the whole colony is pledged, and the payment of which talls upon the shoulders of those who benefit by the railways and those who obtain no benefit at all from them, but on the contrary are in some cases actually sufferers from the lower price of farm pro duce which railway extension necessarily brings about. We cannot hold with the view that railways must be maintained at a loss in order to develops the resources of the particular parts of the colony to which they have been extended, and that this loss must be borne by the community at large. This would be a very unfair kind of protection to one portion of the colony at the expense of another. But if railways cannot be made to pay unless at rates which exceed the cost of carriage on the ordinary road, there is no hope of their ever being made to pay. The fact is there is something rotten in the whole system of railway management, and were the returns ever so much larger than they are they would be swallowed up in the whirlpool of departmental extravagance. The patronage of the railway department must be as subject to political influences as any other department of the government, and when we see how no channel however obscure is slighted as a means of rewarding political adherents, is it to be supposed that the railways are an exception? One single instance which has been given by the Bath urst Times shows how this sort of thing can be done. At the present time, we are told, there is a contract held by an individual at Rydal, in which the government have hired the services of a man and his two horses for the sum of £22 a month. The contract is for three years and a half, and was made in the face of an offer from another tenderer (a responsible man) for £18 a month I "Turn which way you will," adds our con temporary, "evidence of extravagance, care losesness, and reckloess mismanagement marlk the administration of the railways." Under such circumstances it is not difficult to under stand how it is that railways do not pay in this colony, and there is no other way of making them pay or becoming of any benefit to thte country but by taking their manago moent out of the hands of the government, and selling or leasing them to private indi viduals, who will take care that they do not pay more for a day's work than it is worth, and who will not have two pairs of hands to do the work of one. AncornRoAr DnEoonAo?.-A nation, like a man, cannot look death in the eye for four years without some strange reflections, with out arriving at some clearer consciousness of the stuff it is made of, without some great moral change. Such a change, or the be ginning of it, no observant person can fail to see here. Our thoughts and our politics, our bearing as a people, are assuming a manlier tone. We have been compelled to see what was weak in democracy as well as what was strong. We have begun ob scurely to recognise that things do not go of themselves, and that popular government is not in itself a panacea, is no better than any other form except as the virtue and wisdom of the people make it so, and that when men undertake to do their own king ship, they enter upon the dangers and res ponsibilities as well as the privileges of the function. Above all, it looks as if we were on the way to be persuaded that no govern ment can be carried on by declamation. It is noticeable also that facility of communi cation has made the best English and French thought far more directly operative here than ever before. Without being Europeanised, our discussion of important questions in statesmanship, political economy, in msthe tics, is taking a broader scope and a higher tone. It had certainly been provincial, one might almost say local, to a very unpleasant extent. Perhaps our experience in soldier ship has taught us to value training more than we have been popularly wont. We may possibly come to the conclusion one of these days that self-made men may not be always equally skilful in the manufacture of wisdom, may not be divinely commissioned to fabricate the higher qualities of opinion on all possible topics of human interest. My Study Windows, by John Russell Lowell. MR. C. MATTIEWS BEFORn THE KTIN OF THE SANDWICH ISLANDS. - Mr. C. Matthews gives a characteristic account of his visit to the Sandwich Islands:--"Sailed for the Sandwich Islands at two in the Moses Taylor, familiarly but by no means vulgarly, entitled the Rolling Mooses. Reached Honolulu, the capital of the Islands of Oahu, and the seat of government of the Hawaiian group, on Saturday, the 19th; eighteen days, 4083.J miles! (accuracy again-exact as an archi tect's estimate, £4000 Is. 3,d.) Head winds (of course) all the way; longest pas sage (of course) ever known, and certainly the weariest. Heavy rolling seas, not a sail, a bird, nor a fish sighted, the only excitemen t we had arising from the old novelty of two Thursdays coming in one week, two 9ths of February arm-in arm. At Honolulu, one of the loveliest little spots upon earth, I acted one night by command and in the presence of his Majesty Kamehbameha V, King of :he Sandwich Islands (not Hoky Poky Wonky Fong, as erroneously reported), and a memor able night it was. On my way to the quaint little Hawaiian theatre, situated in a rural lane, in the midst of a pretty garden, glow ing with gaudy tropical flowers, and shaded by cocoa-trees, bananas, banyans, and tama rinds, I met the playbill of the evening. A pprambulating Kanaka (or native black gen tleman), walking between two boards (called in London, figuratively, ' a sandwich man,' but here, of course, literally so), carried aloft a large illustrated white lantern, with the announcement in the Kanaka language to catch the attention of the coloured inhabi tants:-' Charles Matthews; Keaka Keia Po (theatre open this evening). Ka uku o Ke Komo ann (reserved seats, dress-circle), 2 dol. 50 cd.; nobi mua (parquette), 1 dol.; noho he (Kanaka pit), 75 o.' I found the theatre (to use the technical expression) crammed to suffocation, which mearly means ' very full,' though from the state of the thermometer on this occasion, suffocation was not so incorrect a description as usual. A really elegant looking audience (tickets 10s. each), evening dresses, uniforms of every cut and every country. ' Chieftesses' and ladies of every tinge, in dresses of every colour, flowers and jewels in profusion, satin playbills, fans going, windows and doors all open, an outside stair case leading straight into the dress-circle, without lobby, check-taker, or money-taker. Kanaka women in the garden below selling bananas and pea-nuts by the glare of flaring torches on a sultry tropical moonlight night. The whole thing was like nothing but a mid summer night's dream. And was it nothing to see a pit full of Kanakas, black, brown, and whitey-brown (till lately cannibals), showing their white teeth, grinning and enjoying Patter v. Clatter, as mush as a few years ago they would have enjoyed the roasting of a missionary, or the baking of a baby I It was certainly a page in one's life never to be for gotten."-California paper. Joan BILrINOs ON MARRIAGE.-SUm marry for love without a cent in their pocket, nor a friend in the world, nor a drop of pedigree. This looks desperate, but it is the strength of the game. Sum marry becauze they think wimmen will be scarce next year, and live to wonder how the crop holds out. Sum marry to get rid of themselves, and discover that the game was one that two could play at, and neither win. Sum marry a second time to get even, and find it a gambling game- the more they put down, the less they take up. Sum marry to be happy, and not finding it, wonders where all the happi ness goes to when it dies. Sum marry they can't tell why, and live they can't tell how. Almost everybody gets married, and it is a good joke. Sum marry in haste, and then sit down and think it carefully over. Sum think it carefully over fast, and then set down and marry. Both ways are right if they hit the mark. Sum marry rakes to convert them. This is a little risky, and takes a sharp missionary to do it. Sum marry coquettes. This is like buying a poor farm, heavily mortgaged, and working the balance ov yuredays to clear oph the mort gages. But, after all, married life iz full as certain as the dry goods business. Kno man can tell jist what calico has made up its mind tow do next. CaOulico don't know even herself. Dry goods ov all kinds is the child of circumstunsis. The man who stands on the bank shivering, and dusent, is more apt to ketch cold than him who pitches his head fust into the river. If onnybody asks you whi you got married (if it needs bhe) tell him yu don't recollokt. An orator, who had raised an audience to a great pitch by his eloquence, exclaimed, "I will now close, in the beautiful and ex pressive language of the poet-I forgot his name-and-and-I forgot what he said, too." It is the lot of humanity to err at times, as the drunken man said when he mis took his pig-sty for his own bedroom. ANOTnEIR GHOST SToRY.-A ghost story has been exciting some attention at Stralh albyn, South Australia, and in the Southern Argue of this week there appears the follow ing statement, made by Mr. T. Tregalgas, of Strathalbyn. The facts are these : " Whilst taking a walk very early one morning, through some motive which I can not account for I was induced to walk through the burying-ground, and coming to a grave surrounded by a wall, and covered with a slab of slate, I noticed on the slate something strange. It was scarcely light enough to see distinctly, at first, but after waiting for some few minutes I could see it plainly, and it appeared to be a side view of a female. I could distinctly trace the head and body and the skirts, apparently full size. Not being satisfied with the esight, I rubbed my hand on the form, and' found that a portion of the slate was perfectly dry, whilst the parts outside the form were very wet with the dew which had fallen, and still not being satisfied I walked away, and came back in about fifteen or twenty minutes after, and still the form was there; so I de termined upon visiting it again the next morning, which I did, and continued doing so for a week or more. During this time I only saw the form once after the first morn ing.; but not being a believer in super natural appearances I tried to define the cause, but failed. In the course of conver sation I told Mr. Morton what I had seen, and he visited the place, and saw the form, although not so plain as it was when I saw it. The form was to be seen, and it has been seen since by others. Now, I believe there is some natural cause which produces this strange appearance, and per haps some person upon reading this will be able to satisfy the minds of those who have seen it; for although many things have been advanced by people as to the probable cause, none seem satisfactory to my mind, and those who have been eye-witnesses of the sight." The keeper entrusted with the care of the four- year-old Nepaulese elephant presented* to the Duke of Edinburgh by Sir Jung Bah adoor met his death on June 2, while con veying the animal from Plymouth by the mail-train to London. At Newtown station of the South Devon Railway, thirty, miles from Plymouth, it was discovered that the elephant had crushed its keeper, a man named Paton, to death in the railway-van. It appears that the elephant became restive, and broke down the wooden partition in the horse- box in which it was being conveyed; and by some mishap the man 'got crushed, and died of his injuries the next day. A well-known authoress gives it as an item of domestic felicity, that the man of the family should be absent at least six hours per day. A certain Scotchman, who is not a mem ber of the temperance society, being asked by a dealer to purchase some fine old Jamaica rum, drily answered: "To tell you the truth, sir, I canna say I'm very found o' rum; for if I take mair than sax tumblers, it's very apt to gie a body the headache."I A young man generally gives a look of hair to his sweetheart before he marries her. After marriage she sometimes helps herself,-and doesn't use scissors. A man recently ascended the column in the Place Vendome, Paris, for the pupose of committing suicide. As he was about taking the fatal step, a gentleman touched him on the shoulder and said, "My friend, be careful what you do. There is a fine of ten thousand francs for leaping. from the tpp of this monument." The man walked down' the spiral staircase, not having the means to indulge in such a luxury. A Frenchman in Vermont sold a horse to his Yankee neighbour, which he recom mended as being a very sound, serviceable animal, in spite of his unprepossessing ap pearance. To every' inquiry of the buyer respecting the qualities of 'the horse, the Frenchman gave a favourable reply, biut always commenced his commendation with' the depreciatory remark-" He's not look very good." The Yankee, caring little for the' looks of the horse, of which he could judge for himself without the seller's assistance, and being fully persuaded, after minute inspection, that the beast was worth the moderate sum asked for him, made the purchase and took him home. A few days afterwards he returned to the seller, in high dudgeon, and declared he had been cheated in the quality of the horse. " Vat is de matter ?" said the Frenchman. "Matter 1" said the Yankee, "matter enough-the horse can't seel he is blind as a bat 1" " Ah! " said the Frenchman-" Vat I vas tell you? I vas tell you he vas not look ver good-be gar, I don't know' if he look at all." 