TALK OH 'CHAffOE. '' -QtuunaqBMo iHentam dioon Teram >.'. Qnilnwr-Soun, . ' I will bay with 700, «eli with yon, talk with yoa." ?*fin a 1 py Sir James has made a great speech. I. think if I mated to My.BomPthing which i! Jdid not want everybody tokoow, I would mfi it in 10 columns, audtrosttoiortajielarthe; rest. Abont this speech, as about other things, opinions on 'Change vary, Not ft few tbink that the political pilot it getting upon the shoals in trying to steer a middle course between free trade and protection. The t» . medio may not .be the safest channel Ob: voyage. Some jay that the nnoh, virteai .which is in an "if" isn't the kind of war-cry 'for men waiting for determined leadership. "The views of Sir James upo» the education question meet generalapprovaL.. Sir James congratulates himself that he never .moved ip the matter of steam withe Cape, because the ? Queen of the Thames has now made afine passage. Why not have > offered* bonus or subsidy conditional onai5 days' passage? That would not have cost anythfrig.nnless the time of the Queen had been considerably beaten. The people who Iay stoas8upon raiI-! way-making place the speech and the ad dress of Sir James in juxtaposition thus-He say he will not borrow money to make rail ways ; that the £200,000 a year teserved from -sales of land will make 30 miles of line per annum. To make 300j»iles of railway at ^this rate will oocupylD yean. . Yet Sir James s»ys In his written'addrest that "in a com paratively limited period the whole country I may lie netted with railways Withontiadding r tjp the national debt." Now.will SOOrailesof iM^,lf|iobjOOS&tiy;»iiikd is 10 stun a comparativeiy limlted period? Sir James deals very gingerly with the fsdbueof tho country waterworks. ,.Ho deeplyregfets Jt.u i TbeGowsimment, hesayvhas heendooriwsd -r-nodottbt aboat it A 'Ebssewcnld ibeiniw 4 iptUsffitaotleftpne^^ ft* vpnmm l»>i i»ot d^0PJrs|><Medlyfrays" U tt had w* ^berateJy igno^d all SIMM <w jMiftUnfawMtof iodtogamrtbflr H/merit may stayi »uva«* Ma btioh' isaot ~~ % Iboks pretty wholesome. It has been shretrdly remarked that whenever Count Biroi vk wa» feptfritfl sick, -bis illness tu the' precursor of some startling European development. Per* haps the delicacy of health of Mr. SaUivan might be elmilaWyaoc&unted; for, If we could bat look forward, I hope his complaint Is not water «n the brain. I don't thick (Hat Mr. Sullivan cans just now to beasked any inconvenient questions about the Coliban waterworks.* I trust t that. Mr. Snllivan's in. disposition Is not of«more serious chahwter thin the headache of the lady upstairs in her dresBing-gown who doesn't want to be inter* viewed by the unwelcome visitors who have just rung the ball-dodr bell I think that if tty Hon. Mr. Sullivan bad been slightly (QOt dangerously) indisposed a few yean ago, it Would have saved the colony a few hundred thousand pounds. I really don't think that, on consideration, he would say otherwise himself. His retirement from candidature for Mandurang has been received with awful calmness. The grief felt most be of that deep-seated kind which is too profound for words. Let us not despair I Mr. Sullivan promises to take good care of himself, and to come out pink a conple of years hence. The spectre Fifty is frightening away can didates already. Some of them are kindly resigning in favour of other candidates. What they resign I can't quite understand, for if they had the ghost of a chance they wouldn't resign At all. The rumours crowd so thickthat to-morrow's eclipse to-day's. One can't be safe in believing anything. For instance, it canbaxdly be true tha* " R. T. P. of the Upper Murray" is coming down to contest Collingwood with Mr. A. G. M'Combe who manfully, though reluctantly, comes for' Ward a$ the c»ll of duty to serve his country. , There is the growl normal, which is the deaiij-priwd privilege of the Anglo-Saxon. It is part of the national pride to mnm dis content. For to be content would imply the accomplishment of aspirations, and your true Briton would have yon understand that hiB ambition runs far beyond anything he has done yet. If he be really satisfied in his secret heart with what he has achieved in fame> money, literature, or science, he will still cry ?'it is naught." There is a current grumble just now which I fear has a real .'Things are dull" means something more than a passing figate of speech or familiar . form of salutation. I look into some of J the best shops and see. two or three' casual customers where I have seen J scores crowding at the fashionable time of i day. Has the separate And personal liability of married women anything to do with the forbearance of tbe fair/sex? One purveyor of fashionable things npon an extensive scale told toe the other,day, "My Ifahnjfrw for importations never were so small as now, apd I never had more difficulty in meeting them." In other branches of trade there are expe riences not dissimilar. A wool-broker says there Are no local orders this year. Ship ments are either made oh accbnnt of the ferower, or purchases are effected by the specto buyers of English firms. The bank* are reducing 'their current expenses. 1 hear thatat thread office of the Bank of X6* South Wales the services bf 11 clerkshave been dispensed with lately, some of the retiring officers having held long standing positions In the institution, i would like to know what particular branch of trade* is espefcially brisk at the present moment? I am not given to dismal views, and believe in the Hibernian pbfibMtfcy of a light heart, even under a thin Jadket,bnt I confess that the immediate future of trade doeenot look blight; except qpoii the hypothesis that ifs always the darkest the hpu before day. t " Everybody remembers the abstraction from the Safes of thb Union Bank, and the conver sion to ids own use by Fletcher, an official of the bank, of several thousand pounds worth of debentures, the property of tbelate Mr. Lewis of Hobart Town. Mr. Lewis en deavoured to make, the bank liable, but failed ultimately on (he ground, if I recollect rightly, that the custody of the bonds by the link Was gratuitous, and that the institution 'was hot therefore liable. An almost similar ?caseliis just been dUrerehtly delcided in Eng. Serviap Qompany.liquted, .-for thevalne-of a, TP&rcaLcl; afliriay.shkxes deposited.with the,; company, and lost through the misconduct of tbe company's manager. The company acted as banker* (fed theshareg were de posited with them to enable them to collect the dividend^ onwhlch a small commission was charg^Tbe company's defence was that I they were gratuitous bailees, the commission charged being for oollecting tie dividends, and not for keeping -the shares. The Master tyeld that the oommission made them bailees for feward,hnd responsible for negligenoe. But b» added («nd this is what will be of especiaMntfcrait to oolonial bankets) that evenif theybadbeengratuftotubailcita, their oegUgwoe was groat ; that the securities had 1bIbm k0ptintbe manager's loom that there wal no aeourity-book, with a list of securities deposited fer customncs; that the manager - wasaman Of extravagant habits, keyring seven Junasa and fccr carriages da £BQ0& ^sa^S ttiatfcewa* aocastomedtotakamoneri ftoaatbetflVlsavinghfaLO.U. Theseiacts the,*??>« held <the direoton ought to have >l?>oirailtiidtlia$4he oegUgenoe was so grass, company, whether smtattou Ipflw ornot, were toderanyoironrartancos, liable. TWs will rather disturb tbe banking] Tl'tuhnitT trhirih followed tits Mttef iiif Ike* Jnlw Sank from iMtonkihiUty in the Lewis JfWliii- VW.; ?; f'-- « stiv' iTfaeKaw ftsalandan owe ten millions obm., They ntber like Ahe liabOitr- . 8omuch4o, tbeyapj*ecUteiitbMths*iiave defcerminad] "JbonwwatriflaOfialx milMwin motfc that i, IftheytmTfceyJbaveeentaamartinan; > tor,aivl«tfe«r,be halDiit MlAiMiM, madefc popnJaiv «BAtheii> td U*MUa*>oii*ed specially tto ifl wwiiiwi wfthfrgfroiaaaay othait! ho&Qas; ol fefag** quainted with Ibis 8no art man. They knot? , biha at Dunolly and Maryborough, and parts Wjjwent He was a sharp u>d bold mtnja^ speculator, and was a by?, no jieara con temptible plkyer of unlimited loo. By Sheer industry, tact, and I think talent, Julius Vbgelhas risen to the rank of tho leading politician of New Zealand. Ha has onecapltal .: qualification, a convenient deafness. Henerer bears what he doesn't want to hear, and .pat1 it is wonderful how much faedofes hear. His bite noir is Dr. Featherstone, and I am told that he is the only leading mail in New Zealand over whom Mr. Vogel has nit cast bis glamour. The speed with which Mr. V. made tracks upon his mission viA California; 1 upon the return of Dr. IT. from Ufaglftnfl, was suggestive of ia sense of approaching counter influence. The subsequent appointment of Dr. P. as colonial agent, and his instant de spatch to London after Mr. V., teannUu' nothing so much as Hie policy of the Poly, nesia Company, which never despatched an emissary to Fiji without following him up with another to watch him. J. V. may be trusted alone, he can take' care of and if he does succeed in borrowing six; millions of English money, he will have done a stnart thing for New Zealand, and he might make a little himself, in the regular way, of course. The liberality with which the American speculator treats the British rapifoiiafc is touching. He won't keep all the best th<np« to himself. He will have his British brother with him in the . swim. Some enterprising Americans have designed a new submarine telegraph wire to be. laid across the Atlantic. Now, although the Americans are very clever electricians, they don't seem to put much of , their own money into cables below water. It was John Bull and not Brother Jonathan whopaidthe money for the first two Atlantic cables. And even now our American cousin isn't' greedy. For the capital required to carry oat the objectsof the company is 3,200,000 dnHftm in gold. Of atoount 60,000 dollars are to be raisedin New York, and the little balance of3,150,000iin:Londoa! Who after this would accuse an American speculator of being grasping, and wanting all for himself? There is a story current of & former etec-, tion which has just now some point, illus trating, as it does, the conveniences occupy ing the double position of candidate and re turning-officer., liet it be supposed thpt there are two adjoining electoral districts. This requires no great stsptqh of imagination -such things are. ,Mr. -A» w*s a candidate for district No. J, and aomeof his localfriends paid over to the returning-officer, Mr. B^ $ie, usual £50 deposit, in five fresh, crisp £10. notes., It so happened<that >he gentleman who *a8 returning-officer for district No. l was hjmwftlf a candidate for Parliamentary honour?, and offered himfetf to the .electors of district No. 2. The elections for .both places were in the same hat<&, As sometimes occurs at eleetion times (andatother times), some persons were indulging in pool , drinks in , the barof alocalhot&OneojUhenambfg.Mr.; C., who was returning-officer for district No. 2, pulled from his packet a handful of bank notes. Oneof theparty, struck, with the fresh appearance of pop ofihe notes, asked for a closer inspection, and demanded of the returning-officer where he got it. "Oh, that," said h& "ia part otB.'s nomination mopey, whichhe handed me jfcis morning." Opening t»is pocke|>$ook, and. referring to the number on the note, rejoined the by stander, "Why, that is one. oi the notes which I . paid to B. in his capacity as re tuming-offioer for A-'s nomination- money." The mune fifty had eyftepftr . gone doty in two electoral districts. And what gave point to the coincidence , was this-that when -^l. was duly dected for district No. 1,; and claimed the repaiyment w his deposit, B. told him it was paid into the Treasury, and couldn't be got out because of the dead-lock. Now, whether this was the case or not, I cannot say. I don't think that deposit money usually is paid into the Treasury. But the people in the district are disposed to believe that the money which was paid to B., .the returning-officeij was used by B., the can didate, to make up Jiis own nomination money. 1 confess tosome wonder whether all the gooddtizens whocjy'out againstany further immigration paid their own passages ;' whether soi^e of foiem may not have been free, or even assisted immigrants ? I wonder whether they ever reflect 'what transcend&nt; advantages their own gratis introductioa con ferred on the country so enlightened as to assist to introduoe them? And once more, I am surprised that they do not perceive how poor a oompliment they pay themselves in .objecting to the addition of similarly valuable items to the community. I have hitherto regarded the addition of " Esquire " to the nam? of an, Executive or Legislative Councillor when the prefix " Honourable " is used, as redundant, ami indeed as amarkof the :w$teifa igporanoe. I have been told hjr one who ought to know .that it is Quito oorr^ to write, for instanoe '' The Hon. John" OohHuwy, Esq./* - and that thfc madeto distinguish our - seated Honqarabtes frcmthoeewho are 