POISONING RABBITS. TO THE EDITOR. OF THE MERCURY. Sir-Your correspondent signing himself " The Ghost at Lowes' Park," in throwing himself into the battle between " Black Jack" and " Looker-on," has given us the benefit of his thirty-seven years'' experience in sheep and sheep farming, and, according to his own showing, finds himself at last driving from the once green pastures of the interior to the hot streets of the metropolis, driven out, I presume, by the rabbits, where I hope he will have ample time to ruminate over the work which he presumes an all-wise Providence has allotted this " innocent" little creature to perform and where I trust he will have ample time to calculate accurately his losses, and probably in his retirement he may be able to devise some better means for their destruction than have hitherto been adopted and instead of looking, as he appears to have done, with a jealous eye upon the possessions of those who choose to designate as " wool kings," apply himself as I have before indicated, and thereby entitle himself to the thanks of the whole community. I quite agree with him that the insane policy of granting large blocks of land to individuals pursued by the Government, in the early days of this colony, was, has been, and still is ruinous to this colony, which is adapted more for agricultural purposes than for grazing, and which, according to the present division of the soil, cannot support a population, without which Tasmania cannot advance. And I can quite agree with him also that anything calculated to bring about a more equal distribution of the land would be, although perhaps ruinous to individuals, of infinite benefit to the country ; but I fail to see with " Ghost at Lowes' Park" how this is to be effected by the increase of rabbits, for the very cause that would, to use the " Ghost's" own words, out the grazier and his cattle off the face of the land," still be then ready to pounce upon the tenant farmer, should he have the temerity to dispute their right of possession. Seeing, therefore, that the rabbits cannot effect this desirable end, and that giving up absolute possession to them would end in the ruin of the country, it behoves everyone to be up and doing, and, instead of following out the false reasoning of "The Ghost at Lowes' Park," and bowing the submissive head, do all that energy and perseverance can effect, and stay, if possible, the ravages of these destructive animals, which can be done, and done safely and inexpensively by poisoning; not as the "Ghost" would have us believe by laying it round cottage doors and near shep- herd's hut. Such a mode would he as absurd and ridiculous as some of the statements advanced by the Ghost," and his dark friend " Black Jack," who would misrepresent me by stating that I advanced merely a theory, while I plainly gave the result of practical experience, to which I was an eye witness, and which I advanced in refutation of a positive misstatement contained in "Black Jack's" communication. Again, I would remind " The Ghost at Lowes' Park" that the " terror," which he describes as pervading every settler's hut, exists only in his fertile imagination, as a proof of which it is only necessary to state that it is the settlers that know the efficacy of the poisoning process. It is the settlers that carry it into practical operation, and I may add it is the settlers that are now arranging for a meeting to be called for the special purpose of milking public their practical experience of the poisoning process, and for securing the co-operation of those of their neighbours, who, like " The Ghost at Lowes' Park," have up to the present time, sat down in despair and done nothing. I fear there are too many amongst us of this class, and seeing that the " Ghost" has been here " three score and ten years" without having done more than (as he tells us) consummated his own ruin, it strikes me it would be no great loss to the community were he to take himself off, together with his principal, " Black Jack," to their proper sphere, "Fairy or Lower Regions," where they could enjoy their peculiar opinions upon natural history and "wool kings," without fear of molestation from Yours truly, LOOKER ON. Oath in Is, March 29th, 1871. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir,-I attended a council of mine this evening, next (not the eats, but) rabbits, when it was proposed, seconded, and carried non. con., that the most effectual way of putting down the rabbit nuisance would be to well stock the country with small farmers, before whose boys, with their dogs and guns, the aforesaid nuisance would soon fly away. Seriously, who knows but that this visitation may be, after all, a merciful interposition of Providence to save the country from becoming, as has been so often expressed, one large sheep run ? If it should lead to throwing open the fine lands, at present trod by only a few shepherds and their flocks, to a numerous and industrious agricultural population, although it may be preceded by a period of embarrassment, we may well thank Providence for the change. No fear but that the rabbits will recede us population advances. As to the project of poisoning, which has lately been started, I hope judge and jury will have no mercy for the first offender that is brought before them for manslaughter arising therefrom. I say so, because I think that recklessness deserves no mercy. Will the plan of poisoning lesson their numbers ? A word or two upon that question. As a small set-off against the depredations of these measures, they at least form an addition to the meat resources of the population. Their carcases being at present a marketable article, a pretty brisk war is continually waging with them to supply the city markets. Of course the suspicion of poison, by closing the market, will, to a very great extent, put an end to the operations of powder and shot. I am inclined to believe that this change in the mode of warfare will be much to the gain of the rabbits. At the same time the country is deprived of the only set-off against the evil which it at present enjoys, viz., the value of the carcases for food. I am, Sir, yours obediently, via ! 