TOOWOOMBA POLICE COURT. » Monday, March 13, 1871. (Beforo tbo Police Magistrate.) John McLelhin, Gottlolb Nuger, and James rracey, each pleaded guilty to imbibing too frcoly. ..The two former were each ordorod to pay 5s. with the nsual alternative, and tbo latter was sentenced to fourteen days imprisontnent. \ - -'TnuBRDAY, Marcr-IG. Anno Jano Heath was charged - with belnw die, orderly in tbo public street. . -Sergeant Kcano deposed : Alwufc ono o'clock tins morning prisoner knocked at my place in Russoll-street, and told mo aho wanted to com- ploin of licr daaghtcr'a condnct; she appeared to bo a Httlo tho worse for drink, and I told hor to go l?or complaint in tho morning ; she said "You damned wretch, it is no uso to hivo a sergoant or police if people can't complain to him I went out and up Ruthvon-Btroet as far as James- street, sbo fo lowing me all tho way and atogaor- log; aho followod mo back' again, and in Boll- street I repeatedly told her to co homo ; sho would ?!0t i til j wi8 a ®hamo for mo to go and kiss tho biblo and givo falao evidonco against her— that I was no man for doing so ; as sho would not off the street I arrested hor and soot ficr to tho lock up ; , complaints havo been mado to mo of her dis- orderly conduct yesterday.. . John Alexander Boycc, Clbrk of Potty Sessions, deposed : A httlo before eight o'clook yestonlny qvemng I was at my houso in Noihstrect ; I heard qomo disturbapco at tho back of the houso; on going toto tbo yard and looking over tho fonco I saw four poophr straggling togothor— a man, two women, and n girl ; I jnmpod over tho fonoo and separated them ; ono of tno womon was tho pri soner, nnd tho girl T bcliovo was her daughter; whilo I was holding back , tho man I saw Mrs. Heath seize her daughter by tho hair ; sho was so violent that I caught hold of both hor bauds anil hold lier down ; sho struggled a littlo and appeared to go ou in n tit ; Mrs. Ilcath was vervdinrv!<fiv . sho appeared as if sho did not know what sho was doiog; there, wero.pooplo pasaiug at tho time; tho people present undertook to take chargoof hor for tho night— that was the reason I did not co for a.coDBtable, Sentenced to fourteen days' hard labour. Tho Inspector of Nuisances charged John Feather with committing a breach of the Muni- ; 'cipal Bye Laws, but the caso was withdrawn. Mary Anno Unly was charged with using pro fane Iaugaago in Bell- street. . . Constable Flynn deposed : About half-an-bour ago' I was passing through Boll-streot with constablo Burke; prisouer was sitting on the verandah of a cottage there; as wo were passing the cottage I hoard prisoner say " Tho curso of Gud on yo;" sho continued repeating this, and sai<L".Yo bloody bluebottles, yo .bloody dogs and then aho added Yo bloody traps I nrrcstcd' her and took her to the watch-house. ' ' Constable Burke corroborated the above evidonco, mid prisoner was sentenced to fourteen days hard labour. \- Friday, March 17. . ' Michaol McLean was fined 6s. for Inebritoy. A Maternal Motiier.— Tha Melbourne Argus relates the following ;— On tho 12th of last month a woman named Mary A. Consadlno; who was locked up iff the city wntchhouso on a charge of drunkenness, had to bo sent to the Lyiogdn Hos pital,, whoro she within a couple of hours gave birth to a hoalthy boy. On the 28th aho was dis charged with the child, and immediately gotdrunk, and nbglpctcd the child until tho 2ml, when sho and the Infant were handed over to tho polico. The child died on tbo 3rd instant, in tbo gaol, from inflammation of tbo lungs, caused by tho neglect of the mother, who was on Saturday found ' guilty- Of manslflfagbtor by the -coroner's jury, and i committed for trial at tbe oext criminal session. It wos given-in ;cvldenco. that Uid'; mother was found mad drunk iq (ho Now England Hotel, anjd ttho womifli J?eeidntbAt7pI«w,liftdnUnaea i tostippiy her with brajWy/fhpitebf the requOsW' of bystftndora to give Her no more/ . . /jf "'cpukt Von.. AtTEMS on A SuALI. soaijel-i Wo i don't' know how it Is— whether thoAhgiOi Saxon chnractcr'is peculiarly confiding. or not— but'tho fact remains .'that, , at all ovonts'.ln these colonies, tho Britisher ib an oasy prey to the soft spoken sllky-tongued foreigner, Look at Miranda's case. : Bnuk managers, who aro popularly supposed w havo hearts: as bard as. flint stones, could not withstand the insinuating forco of; his oloqiianco. Count Von Attems— that', illustrious hero of tho ' Hamlht's Ghost — oxtractcd ' cash . from tho pwots of men who wouldn't glvo thoir brothers sixpence to save them from tho gallows. Dri Wolfskohl also played largely no tbocrodnlity and bank balances of many a'? hard nail.' ' In fact, looking through tho. catalogue of cloyer scamps who bavo raised tho wiod in tbeso colonics duriug the past twenty years, wo Dnd nono to compare with,- tho illustrious slrangors.' Your Cocknoy odvonturor is no match for the German or Pole. In; a sibnll wny. this was iUnstratcd in Dubbo lost week. A Teuton ctHiihiog: Berlin for bis native place and tho Ditko of some unpronouncoablo pljico or flDothcr for his putntlvo parent, rose up amongst us nil at once. " Ho finshed for a fow days liko a roptcor— talked of stars, . bars, decorations of honour, nnd patents of nobility, as if ho had been all his life Director of the Herald's Colloge. Ho bad fought pirates by tho. score in tho Chinese seas— fillod tho poBition of principal Financial Agent to tho Government of his. Magnificent Mojoaty, tho Emperor, of all tbe Chinas— end was thoo, through somo misfortunes, under a temporary cloud, but '.would shortly once more bo himself again. Ills yarns and. his pluusabUHy imposed on many,. and as ho fihowed; a. determination to push himself forward, he got goods from ono and another;- In a word, he established ; himself as a sort of commercial traveller. In his transactions he caroo into possession of a'sot of studs, valued at £6 or '£0, belonging to a. compatriot. :.TIo had them for a; few days, when tho .rightful'owncr 'SUBpccting tho'6ona fides .of tho pirate conqueror, pressed for Ids studs, but they wore hot forthcom ing— they were niiil ray goods' ot' my hotel,' said Von' Attains, junior. To tho lun went tho two, but. whilo tho owner of the jowcllery was waiting ht thc.bdr for tbo Count, the latter wont out the back way, nnd has , not eiuce boon board; of.- It uow. appoara he sold or pledged the studs to auotber person in town. ". In n limited way, the Count thus lost to sight, but to memory dear. — Dubbo Dis patch, « TnB Quail Season.— Tho Yast Courier says': The Ynss Plains ore now fairly alivo with quail ; and this yeur it is noticed ns' an lunusual circum stance that tnnny of the black vnrietynreio bo met. with. These are, wo are told, plontiful enough jo, tho scrubs to tho norlbward fin Queens- laud), but are' rarely seou in this neignbouriiood. ( So plentiful: are ' th'o 'quail' ' this year, Ithat.. wo bblieve" n-good bng'can'bo mado in a fow hours by : means of a stockwhlpr when in tho hands of a. person' who is au/ait in its 'uso. "7 ' No't Dead Yet.— A case where funeral baked | meats wore applied to a pnrposo . different from j that first intended, is. tbusvreported by tho QouU\ burn Herald's East Kangaooa correspondent;-- It is not often ninan lives to sco nndbo present j at hi# owo wflko ; bqt pcli was iho caso on Friday I night last. ' If appear that a man ivho> was vcryj >Ri nnd given' ovcr by tho 'doctor,' was , by somoj mistake reported dead, and fovitatiohs were issued! forbis wake to take piaco on Friday -evening. Between thirty and forty person', assembled, whenj to tbelr astonishment; not' only! wo# iho moo noti dead, but in a fair .way of recovery. . . Kxtraobdinaby and Unsuccessful Ofera- tion.— A Mr. John Wyndham, of Dalwood, Now South Wales, is reported to be seriously ill from weakness and exhaustion, caused by his blood being transfused from his voids to those of bis wife, in tho attempt to save her life. His wife Is dead ' - - : .. 