THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. Arrival op Racers. — Throe o£ Mr. Winch's racehorses, Little Dick, Croydon, and Baron, have arrived by the Derwent in first-rate condition. departures bv the fllacedon. — Bir. Pinell, tho late American Consul, with Mrs. Pinell and family, loft by the Macedon for Sydney yesterday, having taken passage to America by the Californian route. Mrs. Darrell (Mrs. Heir) is also a passenger by the Protestant Orphanage. — Daring yes terday, Lady Manners- Sutton distributed to tho children of tho Protestant Orphanage, Emerald Hill, the annual prizes awarded in that institution. A very largo number of visitors were present, the appearance of the children being tho subject of much com mendation. The Rev. Mr. Dickenson, of St. Luke's Church, gave an address to tho children, reviewing tho training they had gone through, and complimenting them on the evident advantage they had taken of the instruction ofi'ored them. It was stated that tho number of passed children in secular education was uiuur tuuu at . any utuuc school on tho Hill, omitting one. Some ex cellent selections of secular and sacred music were gone through by tho children in a really commendablo manner. Some beautiful books and toys of all varieties were presented to the winners of the prizes, who were highly delighted with the result of their victory. First honors fell to Wm. Bromall, of the fourth class, the number of marks against his name being the highest, 77. Mrs. and Mr. Exon are deserving warm praise for their great care and attention to the children under their charge. Trinity Ciidrch, East Melbourne. — The members of the congregation of Trinity Church, East Melbourne, held a meeting last evening, touching a disagreement be tween the Church Committee and the Rev. Mr. Wollaston. It appears that whilst the reverend gentleman was absent in England, Mr. Gould had been appointed organist of the church by the committee, the salary being £80 per annum. On Mr. Wollaston's return Mr. Gould's services wore dispensed with, and conscquently'anythingbutpleasant relations existed between tho church com mittee and their pastor. Tho committee last night let a hint fall that by reason of Mr. VJUUIU Q ICIUWYB1 uuu UllHUVUO Ul bllU UUIirVU had decreased, and that Mr. Wollaston might be a sufferer thereby. Tho rev. gentleman expressed a strong desire of working peace ably with his congregation, failing which he must look to other quarters where such a state of things might be ensured. Tho meet ing is reported to have sided with Mr. Wollaston "in the steps ho had taken. The Richmond Liberals. — Last evening about 170 of the Liberal electors of Rich mond mot in tho Lecture-hall, Lennox-street, Mr. A. F. Lewis in the chair. Tho object of the meeting was to hear the views of the local Protection League on the matter of selecting candidates. Mr. W. Roll's motion t.ii«t twrnontliur i.ioJbo irnoir tn -u)>poft no candidate who would not advocato tho impo sition of heavier protective duties, was car ried almost unanimously. Mr. Cutter was talked to for allowing his name to bo set down as one of Mr. Francis's committee. Mr. Cutter asserted that he believed Mr. Francis would bow to tho expressed wishes of the people, but tho meeting were not in a humor to accept such a statement. From tho expressions let fall Mr. Francis did not appear to be regarded in a very favorable manner ; in fact, quite tho other way. The Benevolent Asylum. — The weekly meeting of tho committee of tho Benevolent Asylum was held yesterday, Mr. Wisewould in tho chair. The death of Jas. Crick from epilepsy was announced. Tho transmission of Ah Ghin to the Yarra Bend Asylum was recommended. Mr. H. Topping had callod and paid the sum of £13, due to tbe asylum on account of his mother. He was under the impression that he owed only two quarters, and not three, ns stated, but he oxprossed his willingness to pay fo"the other if it was shown that it was owing. The state of the houso was 425 men and 199 women, there being one vacancy. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Smith and tho Japanese troupe for the performance they had given for the entertainment of the inmates. A Tall Joke. — Rather a good thing has been told to ns, and wo are decidedly of opinion that it will bear repetition. On Sunday last, something in the shape of a goodly banquet was prepared, by tho orders of a well-known sporting gentleman, at his St. ICilda residence, unto which banquet was invited a select circle of that gentleman's irivnto friends, and Mr. Giant Chang, with lis celestial spouse, were also amongst the picsts. A very happy time appears to liavo been spent, when, cither before or after tho good things provided had boon made tho subjects of considerable test ing study — and whether before or after docs r.ot much matter—the company oaino to tho conclusion that a (entlo saunter would bo delightful, and so off they started, Chang and all, and each happy as a cricket. When under the leafy shade of some trees, by a sudden twist in the wind, tho chapsau of the colossal youth wns lifted from his head, and sent careering along tho green sward, Chang in hot pursuit. After a littlo run tho errant beaver was overtaken, and in order to secure his irey, Chang stooped down to grasp it. At this moment, a man, not aware oi tho con tiguity of tho party, was pacing leisurely on his way, and was just opposite tho spot where Chang was stooping down, when tho giant having obtained a good grip of his pro perty, straightened himself, and the man mentioned stopped as though he had been shot, staring with open mouth, — 1 — 1. _ MMMAL -..1 ll, «ilt L a — Atfrtn iIHU SU 1(1 a|JU«lrsj Hluli ilLi ulo Ujusi Just for a moment, he gathered himself together, and then put foot to tho ground at a most tremendous rate of speed, the star tled suburban wanderer never crying halt until ho reached the nearest hotel, whore he sang out lustily for some brandy, making strong asseverations that he had met a ghost. Wo believe tho circumstance was related to Chang, who entered very heartily into tho fun of the thing. For a ghost our friond is unusually well conditioned ; but his coming unawares on a body who had no thought of such a meeting would bo enough to upset the nerves of any man, for— to use n colonial term — he is a real boomer, is Chang. The Case of Emily Grieve. — The peti tion referred to in our issue of yesterday, as having been forwarded to His Excellency the Governor, in the case of tho young girl Emily Grieve, nnd referred by His Lordship to the hon. the Solicitor-General, has been received in the usual course at Emerald-hill for the report of the convicting justices. East Collingwood Streets. — Scarcely any borough in the neighborhood of Mel bourne has been making loss proorcss in street imnrovemonts than that of East Col- lingwood. Some of tbe streets — and thoy some of the most frequented — are in almost a primaivnl state of rusticity. Many, if not most, of even the best pathways are any thing but pleasant to traverse in wet weather. The notice of the borough surveyor and the borough council might bo.particularly directed to the condi tion of the footpaths in Vcre-strcet— one of the principal thoroughfares — especially that on tho north side, beyond Palmer-street. This locality is indicated merely as a sample of the streets demanding improvement ; but many other? which could be pointed out are equally in need of being made suitablo for public traffic. Tho channels in such places are sadly in need of being formed and pitched. Flagging is being extensively laid down in Fitzroy, but probably it cannot he expected largely in East Collingwood for a long time to come. Expedition Pass. — We are informed that the water iu tho reservoir at Expedition Pass was at mid-day yesterday 4in. over tho bywash, the late rain having been very heavy in that locality. The entire depth of water was 44/t. lOin. in the reservoir. Water Reserve. — It has been announced that the Board of Land and Works will take into consideration, on the 28th inst., flta mipafann nf fVin Ynfnntinn nf i wofrtn rn. serve on Koreroit Creek, a protest from cer tain ratepayers of the Braybrook district having been received against tho water re serve in question being allowed to ho se lected. The Grant Testimonial Fund. — An ad journed meeting of the Grant Testimonial Fund Committee took place at Scott's hotel, Collins- street, yesterday afternoon, Mr. Fin- lay presiding. Mr. J. Thomson, the secre tary, reported that sineo the last meeting, on the 9th inst., £141 lis. find v. i-, —>v' uy a total of £30d9 9s. 2d. A telegram from Sandhurst, just to hand, stated that £125 would he sent down next week, and unpaid subscriptions to tho amount of £100 had still to be received. Of tbe £141 lis. mentioned above, £48 had come from ICyneton, £30 from Geelong, and £3 from Portland. The Ballarat returns had yet to be received. An Improvement. — The appearance of things in the vicinity of the Presbyterian Church, West Melbourne, atdhe corner of Lonsdale and William-streets, nas been very much improved of late. The land on which the manse occupied by the Rev. A. Robert- arm afainrlR. nn/T wVliMi nnfU vf»r\r rAiv»nt.tv had such a jagged and fissured appearance, has been formed into a sloping bank from the front of the manse down to tho fence, and when covered with floral and tree growth, a very pleasant addition will liavo been made to the appearance of things in general in that locality. A substantial fence lias been erected to divide the manse grounds from the street and the contiguous church land, and altogether a very great improve ment has been made. New Telegraph Line.— We understand that the contract of Mr. G. Hastings, the surveyor, has been accepted for surveying tho line of the proposed new telegraph route from Port Albert to Wilson's Promontory, Gipps Land. An Amusing Scene —Last night, at Sir. A. K. Smith's meeting in the Trades'-hall, Lygon-street, after the candidate had closed a long address to the electors, one of tlio audience stepped out and remarked, "Ah vt'eol, Mr. Smith, I just camo to hear ye my self. I couldna' believe that ye're the same man that held just tbe contrary opinions four years ago; but if ye ha' repented o' your sins, why, I'll just give ye my blessing. Only I sair doubt ye, man. Ah, 1 doubt ye." This ndtlreaq was rnnpl vivl wifch Bhrieks of laughter and applause, and the candidate looked extremely foolish at Sawney's wit. Mr. A. K. Smith on Education. — As some doubt appears to exist as to what Mr. Smith's views on education are, it may be well to state that in reply to a question ad dressed to him last evening on the subject, he stated tbat the duty of the State was to provide only uurely secular education, and that he considered it should be compulsory between the years of live and ten. We take it that Mr. Smith is, therefore, in favor of the present bill. A Little, Scene. — During the hearlnrr of tee cnargo of larceny of a p-oiooury note preferred this morning at the City Court, against Mr. Andrew Love, once mem- her for Crowlauds, a little scene occurred, which was nearly ending, at least for one of the parties concerned, seriously. Mr. B. Rolls, the well-known bill discounter, hud possession of tho promissory note in question for L100, and though called upon to produce it, declined, though he was threatened with a committal. He said he would not givo up tho note unless he got tbe money. He, however, ultimately consented to hand it over, ana tee matter dropped. Another Brute.' — A middle-aged brute who gave tho name of Andrew O'.Mara, was taken before the city court this, morning to answer a charge of disgusting conduct in .Carlton Gardens. The practice is now he- coming so common that it behoves the pol'ci authorities to have these filthy wretches severely punished. It is a pity that tho lash cannot be inflicted. Jn tho present caso an old woman was going through tho gardens yesterday, when O'-Mara exposed himself. Mr. Sturt very properly sent tho accused to gaol for one year, with hard labor. Carlton., — Tbe Carlton United and Rich mond second eleven meet to-morrow, 25th inst., on tho R.O.U. ground, at 2.30 p.m. sharp. Tho C. U. team will comprise Messrs. Barnott, Bennett, Casement,' Downing, Hayman, Kemp, Nathan, Na3on, Jno. Nowing, Page, Smart, Sullivan, and Teinpleton. Cricket. — A cricket match will he played to-morrow (Saturday), St. Patrick's Ycuug Men's Society v. Surrey Cricket Ciub The former will bo represented by Mcssra Blake, Looby, O'Oalla'glun, Courtney 11 Hopkins, T. Hopkins, Ilools, Dovine, T. Dc' vino. Collins, Fields. To bo plaveil the Richmond paddock at 3 p.m. The Latest System ok Electioneeuini- — We are informed on undoubted authority that for tho last two or threo days some per- sons have been routing tho electors of Nortli Melbourne to got signatures to a requisition to Mr Peter Lalor (the late rejected candi date for South Grant) to stand for that con stituency. Olio. of tho most objectionable features of this tout is that the requisition- ists aro assured that signing tho paper for Mr. Lalor is only required— neither their voto or support aro claimed or askoil for The dodge is stated to lio tho handiwork of a certain disappointed candidate, whoso want of success iu his candidature obliged him ho says, to withdraw : envious of his follows, ho seeks, at least, to leave discord behind liiin. 