NARRACOURTE RAILWAY. Notwithstanding the forensic eloquence of Mr. J. P. D. Laurie, M.P., for Victoria, backed by his intimate knowledge of the most remote requirements of every man, woman, and child, in the District, notwithstanding the amount of false logic, garbled statements, ex aggerated statistics, and private moral pressure, and notwithstanding the cl&ptrap; cries of ' shameful waste of public money,' ' gross injustice to the Southern end of the District,' the Narracoorte Railway Bill has passed through all its stages, and been carried in each instance by considerable majorities. Our Mount Gambler friends are naturally irate at the total failure of all their little schemes, and seem surprised to find that there are exceptions to all rules, and that might is not always right. The matter was thoroughly discussed and ventilated by the House, and every argument that had ever been advanced on the subject was introduced into the discussion, besides a few fresh ones. Even at the last stage Mr. N. Blyth persistently refused to give up the ghost uutil there was not even a straw remain ing to cling to. We sincerely trust that the decision arrived at by the House of Assembly will not have the terrible effect of inducing the talented and energetic member for Victoria to fulfil his awful threat of leaving the Colony. Our Wallaroo contemporary, who invariably objects to any other District having a griev ance besides his own, takes the opportunity of airing what he ' euphemistically ' calls the injustice to the Peninsula, lie writes as follows : — 'Upon what principle that will bear to have the light of day turned on it in a newspaper, Hon. members have voted .£150.000 for the railway from Narracoorte to Lacepede Bay, whilst they have over and over again refused to allow one penny piece of public money to be expended on opening up communication between the miniisg district on the Peninsula and the agricultural district in the interior, one cannot conceive. As we recently ex plained, the total population of the two counties that can by any possibility be bene fited by the line numbers but 3186, whilst in the mining district bere there are four times as many. The total number of acres under wheat crop in these two counties was but 4,363 last year — much less than on Green's Plains alone. At Lacepede Bay, one vessel is reported by the Statistical Register to have called during 1868 and not one during 1869, whilst 40,000 tons of shipping annually enter and leave Port Wallaroo. In the South Eastern district £410,295 have been expend ed by the Central and Local Road Boards, whilst not a single farthing has been expended on this district. Counties Robe and Mac Donnell have contributed to the Land Fund jE177,444, and County Daly £140,000. These figures might be continued to an inde finite length, but sufficient have been given to show the sort of consideration that has been given by one Government after another, and one Legislature after another, to Peninsula claims and requirements.' Our contemporary's grand argument, as will be seen by the foregoing, hinges on the point that because the Wallaroo people cannot get the Tramway made from that place to Clare, no other Tramway is to be made in the Colony, and he proceeds to support his argument by quoting statistics contrasting the large amount of merchandise shipped at Wal laroo, and the acreage under cultivation with that in the Districts of Lacepede Bav and Narracoorte. But we would venture to say that our contemporary's arguments are not only illogical in the extreme, but actually tell against himself. He argueb that the £150,000 ought not to have been voted for the Narracoorte Railway, when the House refused to vote a sum for the con struction of the Clare Tramway, because 40,000 tons of shipping annually enter and leave Port Wallaroo, and the total quantity of land under cultivation in Narracoorte wag only 4,363 last year, much less than on Green's Plains alone. We have no wish whatever to begrudge the fair distribution of the expenditure of public money in each district, but it is not only a ' dog in the manger ' policy, but a vicious principle to say ' if we can't get our tramway, you shan't have yours.' In the first place we would ask, whv does the Wallarco District want the Tramway to Clare ? By their own shewing they have al ready a very large shipping trade, and a large amount of land under cultivation close to them. The Clare people do not appear to be at all anxious for it ; they have comparatively easy access to the Railway on one side, and the Port Wakefield Tramway on the other. Besides which, the old arguments in favor of the scheme have lost a great deal of their force Bince it was first mooted, as, then all produce required for consumption had to be brought from a distance, but now the district is comparatively self-supporting. Taking another view of the question, there is Narra coorte with a large and rapidly increasing area of cultivated land, having no outlet whatever for its produee, separated by an almost impass able strip of country from a good and safe harbor. In contrasting the amount of shipping at Wallaroo with that at Lacepede Bay, our contemporary seems to altogether ignore the fact that the reason the latter is so small is the absence of proper communication to conduct the produce to it. 