COUNTRY NEWS. Tho Talbol Leader hears that a match of a rathor novoi character, namely, one at whist, will come off shortly betivcon resi dents of Talbot aud Amherst. Tho chal lenge is from Talbot, and ba3 been ac- cepted with tbo utmost readiness by Am herst, tho stakes being a supper at Lyons's Commercial Hotel. ! It is greatly feared (says the Geelong Ex press of tho 19:h inst.) that an.nntimely fate ha3 befallen Mr. Wm. Veal, tho well- known captain of tho schooner Isa. Tbo vessel was lying alongside tho Yarra- street pior on Monday night, and Mr. Veal wont on board aud to bed. About, four a. m. yester day a man who slept . in the cabin noticed that Mr. Voal was no.longor tbero. He got up and searched for but could find nothing of him, and, as ho did not return to the schooner during the day, it is considered to be almost certain that he went on (lcck, fell overboard, and was drownod. Some of our local selectors (says tbe Tront- ham correspondeii t of the Kyntlon Guardian J, Imrri hcrtr ntlipi'tjilren fikinlr Iw f.lin action taken by some former applicants for tho ground. It seems that some eighteen months ago, several farmers from Smeatou made application for an area of ground in the vicinity of Trctitham under tho 42nd section, but wero unsuccessful in obtaining what they desired. In tho interim several residents of Trentliam have made applica tion for blocks of twenty acres under the 49th soction, on the 'samb grouud. No sooner. wero their applications lodged and the advertisements inserted than the men of Smearim swept down, took occupation, and commenced to build on tbe coveted territory on tho grounds, I suppose, cf possession boing so many points of. tho law. Two stacks of hay, containing about fifteen tons, belonging to Mr. Bedford, a small farmer residing near the Grand Trunk Com- pany s shaft, bpriugdallab, woro burnt (3tates tho Courier 18th July) on Saturday lust. Mr. Bedford told hia two littlo boys, aged seven and nino respectively, to covor up the cut part of the stack with sheets of bark. They woro away about fifteen minutes, and then tboy gave tlio . alarm that tho Btnoks were on fire. Both boys, although so young, aro known to lie smokers, aud lo bo in tbe habit of going out to tho stacks to smoke, and it i3 supposed that on this occa sion they stopped to havo a smoke, and by some moans set the hay on fire. Mr. Bed ford lost his sight some years ago while blasting, and has sinco struggled hard to m.itrn n Hvini/ Hv onlfct vnf.inrr ji. I iM.ln land nnd keeping a few cows. Stawell appears to be particularly favored (remarks tlio Chronicle, 18th July), by visi tors from tho upper or lower regions. In a certain tradesman's residence, tho agency Bec-m3 to havo a particular objection to allow ing a certain door to remain shut about mid night, "when churchyards yawn." This door is tho ccntro ono of three, and the outer ones were looked as usurI. On tho first night in question it was opened with a loud bang, and without any previous iutiiriatioh. On a light being obtained nothing was found disturbed, and the onter doors were locked. On tho sncceeding night tho good inanplacod a barricade against it, but this was of no avail, and. tuo ghost pushed the door open with. great scorn. On tho third night, a largo tea tray was planted against tho door, and fortified with several heavy substances. At midnight a tremendous clatter woke tho household ; tho mysterious door was found open anil the others locked. An elderly woman, Inamed Mrs. Jane Appleford, or Ford, as bho was generally called, was found dead in: her Iicuso at Warrnambaol, on 17tU July' (states the Examiner). The deceased was last seen alivo on Saturday night, at about half-past eight, at tho house of her sister- in-law, Mrs. Jamos Grantc-r, and at that - hour she left to proceed to hor homo. A paper whioh had contained vermin powder was found iu the fire-plaoo. Thia powder .the deceased had obtained from her sister-in-law on tbe previous Thursday. Deceased was well kuown in Warrnambool, .acting sometimes in tho capacity of a pastry-cook, but hor mora profitable occupation appeared to bo that cf fortnno-telling with cards, hor skill in this branch being frequently tested by too credulous maidens and young folks,1 anxious to get a glimpeo of the future. Several broken cards wcro found' in tho room. - The husband of tho deceased was killed about five or six years ago, by being thrown out of a cart. : 