1OW 4GIIQtsT ApDVENTURE E aDtD. Whby ghost stories are only told at Christmas. I never could imagine. I lnow it was. not so in our family with which at no time or season did' they seem out of place; thouth the period of periods-was when we went to O'oremead. Oleremeol,'the property of my Uncle Cheshire, was it l?jy?id'construction, beingl half farmhouse, half a-gentleman's-residenco, though age had cast itsL mellowing touch over the place, and rendered it a harmonious whole. It was delightful house, with high and low celling*., and oak beams, from which, in the kitchen; liung rich, brown hams, and sides, cf hbaon, that hoid the pleasant power of creating immediate appetites, and causing the thoughts to- stray to dololious white and golden poached egg-, In this, the farm wing, the old.fashioned chimney nooks had been still retained- wide, snacionu places, with sents at each side for those who could'support the beat. There were, also, long, low,and, after nightfall, -ory dark passages.leading by abrupt angles one lnto the'other, among which one might easily lo.e o~eself, if not well acqualinted with the geEgrapbhyof the place- and rooms, to enter which you had either to mount up or go down one or two tepi. It was truly a vast rambling old pilce, capital for hide and seek,' and other old. tishioned game., and nothing pleased us girls letter than to go there.. . It was upon, one of the last-oamed occasions that a happy party of grand-parents, aunty, nocles, and cousins were assembled about the tire, telling ghost stories." I, then about 18, eat by the side of Hrry'Cheshire, my 'unle's' eldest son; and much work I had to stop the stupid t ellow's'abiird talk-not that I really thought it absuid,oaly his whispering ttralcted the attren. tion of the othere'who 'ept 'up a' constant battery of quiszing, till the stories increasing in Iaterest, kil beside was forgotten. - . I can well.remember my grandmother's con* .ribntions-a'dear, pleasant old lay of 70, with soft,? white "hair, and fresh,- clear complexion, She told the followingpas a truth and allI .can say upon the matter is, th?t I' never knew her guilty of a falsehood. Well, she began, I was than, a little child, some 10 years younger than Jessie, and was as careless and lighthearted as nny 'girl could be; besides knowing as little about" ghosts and the eupernaturalas I did of the different strata of theinarth I trod in lightly. C had several rela. tions, but I liked nonei o well as Utc'e John, They saj lore .begets:love.,'I thinuks,,for Ibe cestainly seemed. to, regard me as fondly as he might have done a child of his own. ' I perfectly remember my.irst great grief was when I heard that furohis health's 'sake 'he ' had to leave England; but a chilld's sorrow, even the most acut., is of brief duration; the buoyant spirits that require years of the world's hard, sad teaching to tone dows, regained, their sway, and soon..i was ? u.marrya ever,. tb?ugh always iookiogforward to Uncle John's raturn. It'wis'about six weeks after his departure thit, haviaii all day, complained of headache, I went to bed early; yet, though I had so longed to lie down, when I.did I coulil not sleep, hut rempiced awake, watching the silver moonbeams stream through the curtsine, and rest on the different artcles of furniture in the apautmeet, seeing all,' ait were, in a dreamy shtte, between. sleeping-and waking.. Soddenly something. on the wall" by' my side attracted my attention, fully arotsing me.' I turned, to behold there a bright, golden, yet rague light:. Astonishment and fear kept my eyes riveted ona the spot, wheci, believe it or no,' my dears, the light':seemed to taki the form of-maylUale John, from :the, waist upiwrds.' Yes, there he was. gazing.down upon me, in his usual loving way, though now 'there wee an ezprelsioa of sweet ,elanoholy. Upon his fasee. '." . LinklPg on my pillow, unable to move or turn'away my gaze, I lay and looked, when.the figuire poke, saylog in a clear off toiCce :1 '! Mildred, Mlldred-osay IIoaven blss you I" '.1 could not, my tongue, as my limbs, was paialyied with terror; and, after a moment, the' appar!iltO faded away. ' No soonerhad it' gone than motion roturned,' and, drawing the clothes over my herd, I passui the 'whols. of that .night a pray to the greatest terror, sleeping by starts, and too frightened to summon any of the family. Be I remasined, never ucovering my eyes.till the saervnt" came to arouse me in the morning, whereupon, Iury. ing my .face n' the pillow, I.burst into a ps. sionate flood of tears. The maid, alarmed,' be. lievingi'iailst 'be ill, hastened to my parents, My father soon appeared, and, after much soothiogng,'expitulatlin, and inquy;!- y!t??,nnged' to extractfrom me the cause of my soarly. Noneiscmo-nonsense, 'child I you have been: dreaming; Joe?said, in a light, jesting tone., There, dry your eyer,' little wodaen, and come to breakfast. You have had the nightmare, and' it has frightened you I I did hot reply, for I felt is wasuno nightmare; ut, tquickly dressing, went,.with a pale face, red geas, and achbi head, down to breakfast. That meal wee scarcely over wheni s letter, brought'by-a special messenger, came to my father. I percelved be opened the envelope -asnously, and that his face changed as he reed the conjents. Then he said, with a meaning look it m?y mother t , Mary, this is strange indeed. All Is over. He q-pired at 10 o'lock last night I ; Yes, it va so; .Ue!le John was dead; buth before his spirit had taken flichi, it had come to bid.'bhlittlel queen' farewwell 1 GOranmamat' story woa well receirvd a'd 'comnmented upon. Then Aunt Matty told of a ,bhauntod boulse, where the piuno played of 'ite :own 'sooord-that is, if it were noot tooclihd by g:hostly fingeri-for once, while staying thee, s•he had heard it hersalf; end, believing her frlends were playitoA her some triclt, hal crept stealthily down, and, opoening the door sudtidenly "'bad expected to finod the j kers, bLu, to - her surprise, had discovered' the room to be empty, and the piano shut I . Juset. as the ghost.!-telling was aet t'elgiit, iarry ChObeshlre abruptly struck lin: Ae you are all talking of spiritsl.ia obther bouse', why do you not any a wrd for oore Of course, you know that Cleremead hao a ghose t fold your tongue, you silly fellow I Don't frighten the gir'e, said my uncle. But there was no staying our awakened curio:; sity. It bore all obhtecle, before 1it;'like tho euddenlynoponed sluices of a'river, and:wie would let iarry have no peace till hoe had bld ae' what he meant.' Well, then, you must know,, he rejoined. edging his chair a little farther. Into the ,seti circle, that, in the long corridor" with the three high norrow windows; and' from wich the 'other passipes diverge, oa every Ohristmas Eva. there is to be seen the figure of a woman, clothedin, black, with her head bent towards the ground.. A little soream escaaped from some of our ;ips as we excla med in mingled doubt and fear ' Why, this is Christmas Eve I We never heard of this ghost before, Oh dear I i'uall cvter sleep to.night I NonlenFe-nonsense, lasses broke in Uncle ObCheshire, the boy is laughing'at you. I am not, really, persisted Harry. COleremead has a ghost. We took it with the house, though it was not set down among the fiz'urea, for thi reason: as it only coms once. a y, ear, it can hardly be termed one. Hae you seen :it,, laster Harry 1 asked my father. No;; for It Is soot clearly stated at what hour it comes; and, Ieconfes, I prefer. a warm be tIn hunting for a ghost rbwhich they 'say, frtece your blood in your relins merely to look upon. Come--conmc I broke in U~cle' Cheshire,'I'iwll not lare you terrify your coumsin in this mainer Let os change the sl jeeai ' Then it Is true, uncle I 1 put in. No, my love. girvein to only one truoe'alpp rltioon, and that is the one your giaidmamma 're latesr. There certainly is some old story in roe gnrd to'wbat Harry has said ; but in all oour long residence here, though we have comeaoress mas? people who know some, one who bas.seen It, .w have never-met that some one oursolves, The fact is, the haunted reputation of Cleremead arose from n incident which.'they say occurred, here over a hundred years ago. . . . . . t::, . We all begged:to hear the incident, and Uncle Cheshire, in i's hbort,'clear, decisive waylgave it in:l few words. ...." Why, then, over a century ago, Chremend wis the property of i Sir Francis Mborcambe, whose only child he had.disinherited. owing to her having followed her mother's fortones who, 'for his unkindnes•, had parted from him l n:his daughter's place he adopted a olene, ·n~ brought tier up as his beiress. The uipprooch of death, however, restored 'humanity and jtistiee to his 'heart,. He recalled his daughter, reinstated hbei in her proper positlio, and thus deposed his niece, The latter silently vowed revenge, for which purpose she laid It walt for her cousin in the long-corridor, diterminiong ii the darkness to cast vitriol over her, and thus destroy .he beauty, perhaprher lite. A W?was prepstied. ihi. young girl approached." The couion stirtied for ward to cast the.horrlible fluid, ut the fringe of :a shawl she were esethiog ber iand, jerkl;d ith contents of the cup into ter own face. She died in frightful agony, and'there- is an end of the leremoead ghost; so, my dear,' if you put ?a much' belief in the story as I 'do,'you may sleep on this, the annirereary of the even, or any other night, in perfect safety.,:' Of cournise, we all profetsed our utter iooredu lity-though, I am sure, the astory made seome heartisheit i'little fster-after which the 'aui jet'was diropped: .'. : ., It wees'ot renowed again till imycousn?? laud and I were in our bedsoom, chatting before re tiring to sest.-.' When, after a" few moments passed in 0eflciton, with.her eyes fixed on the fire, she said: .t "? i- ? .:;,,.: Jessie, I hive heen thinking about our Clere* m'ad ghoitr'of-which'Harry spoke to night, rind I fancy It Is rather a shame that we should have lived here so long without havrlogput th rumour And how woiid you do o;' MIaud'II asked., Why, by'warchlng for it,=to he 1 =ur But Harry said the ilme of lii cosngwas eaun known. C: a I sm awarebe said.so, but it was scarcely true; the reputed time i.1 o'clock,:_.._, SDi you propone then, that we should t atoh for it to~night, Jessie I I said*;....: i Yp ?e Well, she replied, hesitatin ly, I should not mind; but of coune, you,.bhailg no interest InI the eyent;, would not care. Indeed I should-indeed I should ratherlikel 'the fun and renown of such an adventure, ,Thetn -we will go, she czelaimud, gleefully starting l p: Yes, it-will be capital' fun,:ind : great erent to relate at the breakfast-table to. morrow. We shall shame Holly,, too.:, :!. . . Our arrangements were soon made.. Throwing a warm shawl about our shoulders, we' crept softly from the room, and proceeded `to the ghostly corridor. Seating ohjteelves on an old oaken settle placed at one end of it, we began to watch in silence, for we feared to speak, lest we should be beard. We had thus ,at for about half an hour-a time that appeared double to us-when I felt my breath come quick, and my (pulse accelerated; for.near the furthest window I w?e certain I saw a dark, shadowy figure. I half extended my hand to direct Moud's attention to it, when looking again, it was gone, and I began to attrl. bate I?to some ocular delusion, through the gase havirrg been rather tired and overetired by the iloom; -.... So I remained quiet till, a very little?-mesftre., I fanoled I heard i low muarmuring oiud: it ihe other end ofethe corridor.. I Istened. No-I was not again dtcid;eced there was 'esomolthlng there, - I touchel laud.-...... . What Is it t Do you see aythingy l she whis. poered. nNo,.but I can ?ear-isten. ·We diii, but all woo stil, ;::you must have been ?m:iskes, Jeiss, she Itdeed I was not. I am suro I.lieard soenia thing. " Ifr the i?somethnlog" do not appear soon; I I oall goto 6 l and, ifit ? c0PIc iktow I ehall faint, For goodneco sake, Maud, do not do that I I said. ' Think of me,- what should I 'do, with you 1 But wat ; I will move alitle to the oher side I tmay seo better. I did so, and standing near one o. 'che gaunt. narrow windows, tried to pentrat~d the gloom at the other cnd.' No; 'was no miitake'"; I could see a doik shadowv there,'tandihg`moiionles-. I cotess rmy heart begr to boat fast, and i had to press my hands tisn'tily together to prevent a'cry es eao p in g m y ' r 'I?. 'It ls there, Mlaud-I am sure i.,I whispered, buti tollow, I suppose,,forher to' hbi, for she m o.e nomovement'; and I had just determined oitreep' back to lier.. hd' bhear':hat 'we had Lbetter do, when the whole corridor was illumined bya sudden, ash, and the next moment the window by my aide was c'i?hed to pieces. With a shbrik of te1or' I sprang back, 'whitle lIaud; w!th aplerciog cry,'fell fainting t to the 'flir.': In a brief spade every one in the house wea arousedi and in hastily-arranged toilets, armed withl any weapons that wOre nearest to hand, and bearing lights, they rushed into thie corridor. SIown to having felt rather ashamidi it' the scene disclosed to lew. There I stood palo and trembling, holding to the sabiokl:cf the settle. Maeud Cheshire lay insensible t my foot, while at the farther end were Harry ind' ':my' broth? er. pale with terror, the former holding a diechargid pistol in his hand. '"Af'eri the first exclamations of alarm; ali i, rather incoherent sentencrs, was explained. I' t appeara? that the same idea-the iat'cicoig forsthe'ghost-hiad occured to Harry and Cha tle, as it had to Maud and I, only, a" ill.luck might have his it, wl had taken'differeut ends of thei corridor., Thuis the im figure I hd seen; anrid the whispers I had heard,' were explained.;whie the chaige I hed made: in my position-uncon; ibously taking, It appeared, the attitude rumour hiad given to the apparition-.hiad caused them to, beliere they beheld the vesritble ghost, whereuposn 'Hrry had fired lo, prove its substaince." 'lo" thankfulI was that he hsat pieoed '. l:ad shot 1 Ist,-really; I-: do nootl think ,Iwas more so than himself, pooerfelioii Il He'seemed?al.if hie could, not tire of humbly beggiig ongy forgiveniess, In* deed, he managled s to.. wyiayl, m'e 'when' g'oin~ hack to my room, aud repeat.oll?he hadpicrvi. usly'said over again deolaring if his pistol rhad hirmor1 me, he would have levelled the other nr. bhi own breast.. ,ily;paidon se'emed togive hemi courage to uint?another, request, which, hie said, he had'been irying:to pit for the?lastft?w wooelbe of his life, ad .which, hesdeclared, if I would b?i ray eos, ; buld mhiln hicm the' 'hapie.t mani i exietece. I do; tno;kncowa'whehcerrot was the coIfuio ofl the moment, or, wethethr wished' to get rid of bi,,'but Edid s.aylyeO.:.: ',:.." SWhen I inform d Mlaud of what-had:occurrcd -wnicih 'did as moias 'w~iir'?"aaiol.togeibhr in our. room-dshe burat into a merry l:sgh, ancd expeassed her thoroigh approhatinf of'the finale of our ghost avaenttua by alta' i affroa te embrace, saying ...- , ..,/?+_ :-+ ,', + ,.: ..' Siqorwh. 'hsl "e,e whal ., rlve . WO-wnderri eveta to o rlate to morrow ,a thehii rekfast By the same tlime,.n the following yoer, I. has changed my name for that of.Ch'eehire, .and had a house of my own, into the past history of which I mlde the mintiteet einqui?y ;as Harryj and 1 loave no desire for such snothbr'ghost adventure to lhppoie; though, in our caes; it h?ldso pleasaet a tctsinatciou. The folt w!n':' iir?ieeteui ts i have heen made under the noer. Inolverey Statute --Judge Noel will preside over tha, lrelhourii a district, whiclh also includes Klilmore, Miisfeled. and the Upper Goulburn ; .n !g Cope, the Ballarat district, which is conefinee to Ballarat; Judge Forbes, the Geo:ong',dstr it, ihichi alo ecomprises; a po, tion of the Western district- vio, Belfast, Portland, ,and .Warrnamhcol ; Judge Hackett, the Ararat district, taking in Steweall und Ilamilton ;'Judge Smyth, the Beechworthl di.triot ;Judge Alacoboy, the Sandhurst distriat-vis,. BendigO, Echuca, and:M'lvor; Judge Skinner,.tlie Castlemaine diatleot, Inoluding Daylesford and Kyneto'; Judge Bicdon, the Gippe Land district, which includia Sale and Alberton ;Judge Nolani.the Maryborough dibtrict, with Bet Bet and the Loddon. ,The clerks of the: several Courta' will ihe-For lMelbourne. lac lonald; Ballarat, Bar; trop; Geelong, Landon;. Western district, Wheeler ; Btrddhorst, Hornbuckle ; Oastlemaine, C i ipbl ';' Maryboroughc, Mongomery ;:Arra', "cr;gli Beechworth, Maynard ;'Gipps Land, Qoauin.''The 'sittings of the courts are fixed as olloiw :-.A't'" Melbourne; every month, except Jnnuary ; at Ballarat, at Geelog,' at Belfast (for the Western district),'at Ararat, at Boeh; aorth, at 'Sancdhurst, at Oastlemaiue, at Sale ifor Oipps Land)i and at Alaryborough, within the periods appointed for holding county course. 'A'veteran housekeeper affirms that the scarcity of good servants is largely attributable to the scarcity of mistresses who know how to keep house as one should he kept, -nin ~l l! •I lI 