ENGLAND AND AMERICA. 'Tub news of the intention of the American Government to press their Alabama claims, is not half, as alarming as it" may appear to the uninitiated— America moans nothing1 more t.han a 'little Harmless Dounce, tne time for which i she thinks is opportune, consid ering the nature of .our .isolation from coun tries that might have something to say upon the subject. Confident of the support of Russia, with which power she has for years been assiduously cultivating the most friendly relations, and whose Eastern designs she is prepared, if ' not to openly back, to assist, by no means .toi oppose,; the; actual- position of Great Britain and . America with respect to the Baid' claims, or stock grievance, has long since been left in) a satisfactory position by Lords Stanley ;uud Clajienbon. It is well known that at the close of tho civil war this case was argued at portentous length by the tp-o .Governments, Earl Russell;! on behalf of Britain, supported by the authority of 'Lord Palmekston, discussed . the question ; from the legiil point of view, and proved to the .satisfaction not only of himself and all British Statesmen", but. of all independent jurists, of, any authority, that by 'the. law of nations technically explained," as well as the Municipal" Law of England, -that . America had in legal phraseology " no cose," and ac cordingly, Jio bluntly refused to go into tho matter of damages. -The Americana, while they could not legally refute his legal argu ments, complained bitterly of hi6 pedantic interpretation of International Law — a sys tem which they alleged being the creation of public opinion, had never been reduced 'to !strietJ legal rule, and thus ought not as be- ' tweeh nntionK,;to bo subjected to such inflexi ble forms. They contended thnt as tho system owed its origin to the progress of Society, -and had for centuries grown with its growth, it was still as ' heretofore liable to periodical re vision, modification, or extension, and that' no historical events ever created opportunities for such a purpose so comprehensive and import- tant 'as their great Civil "War. Those,- ad vanced views having met with much approval both in England and tho Continent, Lord Stanley,' with the full concurrence of all parties, thought proper to abandon Earl Russell's legally impregnable position, and take tlio cane out of nisiprius. Having in timated to the American Government his readiness to treat tbc question from a more liberal point of view, tlioy lost no timo in eenditig one of flieir ablest Senators, Mr. Reyjskds Johnson, n gentleman who though no diplomatist, had led tho American Bar tor nearly thirty years," and a man by 'no means likely to be hoodwinked by any diplomatist however ' astute. Lord Stanley iu tho be ginning of 18G8, . after much negotiation, camo to the conclusion, that tho following points should be referred to independent arbitration. Eirst-rrWhethcr Great Britain was respon sible for tho escape of tho Alabama, and if so — -Socbbdly — That tho arbitrera should then not only take evidence and decide as to the extent of the. damages arising- out of tho "f escapo of that ship, but should, also, hear and determine all claims, British or American, arising out of tho Blockn'de or the Civil War, and should havo included those expense's incurred by John Dull in being com pelled to increase his military and naval forces in Ireland, for tho purposd of dofontiug those Eonian schemes which were openly encour aged and fomented by tho American Govern ment, although nominally a friendly power. Tho above terms were embodied iu a Treaty, but on being sent to America for tho ratifica tion of tlio PiiEstDBNT nud tho Sennto; it was for pnrty purposes refused, uploss 'an acknow ledgment could bo extorted from Great Britain of) her regret, nud a confession of her fault, in recognising the ' belligoren.t rights of the South, und nu expression of willingness : on licr Jpart to hold herself liable for the conse quences, which according; .to Mr. Sumneb, would involvo damages to the extent of seve ral- hundred millions of pounds sterling. These . pretensions being mot with contempt by the British Government, and ridiculed by tho Tress, a3 woll as condemned by 'tlio' lead ing Amcrit'du -jnristB, wore withdrawn, and Mr. Hamilton Pisu, then Foreign Minister, stated in a inemoriiblo despatch to Lord Clarendon, that tlio American Government would be content if Great Britnin would apologise for having so abruptly recognised tho 'belligerency of the South. Lord Clarendon politely refused, merely characterising the de mand, as undiplomatic, the act having been unquestionably legal and discretionary. The ) Americans then annulled the Treaty, broke off all negotiations, and declared thnt any future action in the matter must einanate 11UU1 If UOUllltUll| UUU bliUU IGUGULU UUgUUu tions should be carried on thore, away from the blandishments of English society.- Thus the matter has rested for nearly three years until the exigencies of American polilicB have again brought it to the front. Next year the election of the future President will take place, and politicians of all parties are on the outlook for that which Tadpole and Toper so much desiderated— a. good cry. . Now there ' is no Cry that 'ean awaken louder echoes in' America than that of the Alabama question it alone can rally, and in sohto" degree com bine, all the discordnnc. elements of those parties which think they nuvp.i onl or iinagin-. ary grievances 'against Great Britain. It can secure the Irish 'vote to a man) from' tho. ; Fenian whose hatred is a reality; totHe Aine'- . ricanised' Irishman, with whom . it . is a mere sentiment— a bequest as it -were— which he would novor reduce to the action) even of a vote were he not stirred up with -a long- pole by others. We may thus not only expect )to see the claims revived, but insisted on with, the utmost amount of Yankee . clamor, with:; out any hope of business, until they have served thoir electioneering purposes. Joun Bull, will probably, for the sake of peace and quietness, fiatter the Anferican vanity by send ing somo great Lord to Washington, as, Peel sent Lord Asu burton -thirty years ago, and when it comes to this, the ghost of tlio Ala bama claims will be laid decently and respect- ' fully in tho tomb— until required to do duty at tho next presidential election— when it wiil be as rampant as ever. . Theatre Royal.— On Friday night, "Dolirii'to .Ground," on Saturday iiiglit, "Tlio Droaiii ut'Seu/'jiin .eaoli occasion followed, bx tho Musioal Intcrliido' arid tho biirlosqus of "Biaok Ejo'd Sueun," wore prodiicild by tho spirited managers of our littlo theutro, who do not flag ia tho slightest in thoir endeavors to please the public. That thev succeed is suflioieiitly evidonj, for nigiit hftcr night tlio lioiiso is filled, and what must bo stillimorc gratifying.to tlie. company, tbo oontinucd flnnlniKto which rrrcnlfl their cflhriA ih uniittpndfld hv, qny of tho noiso and rowdyisnr tliut at oiio time, kopfci TOspdctable people from tlio theatre. Mr. Newton, us : stage manngur, has p'rodnc'btl during the short period1 ho has been' with". us it. nun.bcr of dramas, eotnedics, burloBquos','and fiircos, wliielt'. havo boen placed upon tiio stngo in , rapid succession, and luivo all, without, any exception; been ndniirably plityod. Wo havo long held un opinion, hud hnvo ' frequently expressed' it, that ,if our thoatro were well , eonduetoJ, and if a series of tolling 3 net drumus; s.utrt oomedies, tud iougliiihlo fureps, mid occhsiouully burlesques : were produced, tlmt' no house in tlio colonics would pay hotter. Wo know tho difficulties against which Buoh artists as Mr. and Mrs. Newton havo to contend ; the theatre is emnll ; the properties' few ; tho greater por-" tio'n of tho nionihcrn of tlio company drafted from various Sbuthoi'ii theatres, cuiiilbt readily fall into manageable order, while tlio public expect such a variety that it is.ulhioet ruinous io keep up n succes sion of attractive pieces. Assisted by Mr. Dan Briggs, Mr. and; Mrs. Newlon havo duue' wonders:; and from what fell from Mr. Newton tlie '.'other night when lio addressed tlio ' nudieuoo, we. learned tlmt they woro proparod to exceed oven thoir pust, oxortions if tlioy oontinucd to rcceivo tho support hitliorto uccordod to' them. That siippjft wo hope' will bo rendered ; wo aro anxious that our theatre should be kopt opon, but we would rather see it.olosocl lhan badly conducted — the stage may bomudq tbo vehiclo for debasing as well as for elevating, and it is to prevent tlib former and securo tho lattor that we uro anxious Mr. and Mra. Newton should stay nmongst us. Thoso who visited the thcatro 12 months sinco, and who. visit it now, must bo struck witli tho vast improvements that have taken placo. both before and behind the lights, and if oncourogement be given, and if tlio people will but re cognize talent, and appreciate tho efforts whioh are being made to ruiso the drama .to its proper position in Rockhampton," wo may bo quite sure that interior improvement will keep paco with' outside recognition. Dan Briggs.— Our readers will not forgot that Dan Briggs will lako his bonoiit, to-night— if tiioy should forget, and if the house be not crowded in ovory part, ' then wo shall have tho disagreeablo..task'of reproach ing tlio people of Rookhampton for ingratitude, bo- cause wo .believe that Dan lias been tho vory worst onomy the doctors have, over 1iqc1(i in ' Rbeklmmjitoh. ' " Moil who laugh well livo long," but, faith, wo should', liavo but little to laugh at, or with, ip this 2 dull town" did we not occasionally, visit tlioVthoutre, vvhere Dan comes out ih all his glory',' A good actor and a good citizen, Mr. Brigga deserves to be supported, and if we mistake not, ho will bo. i Potatoes.— Tlio potatoes wiiieli make their appear- t aaee. upon. our', tables. may be pi'bnbuuoed; as'.'arulo, rascally bad — tli'ey are ivaxy, watery, soapy, anything but moaly, but if pater Jamilias 'complaiii" to his fruiteror, tlio answer ie'u 'Tie all tho cuok's funlt." No two puoplo agree as to how' potatoes slioald bboooked; whothor they should bo pbppod into tlio pbt with or without their jiiokets, or" whalher. they- should be steamed or boiled aro Btill questions which, have io bo settled. So far us we aro ' concerned, wo remember witii many a sigh tho point steak and tlio magnificent mealy potatoo sorved up on tlio hot motal plato ut tho Olioshiro Clioeso, tho Dr. Johnson Head, the Golden Fleece, und other eity liousos, flunked by the pint of half-and-half, and we cannot' now call to mind one instance where tho Irish applo oarne before us iii a state of nudity. Wo always bud to tako off his "clean brown jacket, split, und' rent in hulf a dozen 'pluces, and tq lift him gingerly into our plato (tendorly flavored with eschalotte) before wo ventured to intro- dueo into his flowory body tho hnlf of tlio tiny put of delicious buttor — tho other liulf being religiously sot a-sidp for the lust mouthful or two of crust. . But, alas ! rump steaks, mealy potatoes, pints of cool half- und-half, and slices of ripe Stilton, with just hero and thoro a jumper, belong to the days that uro gone — wo may droum of thorn, but wo shall probably novor onjoy thorn ugain. Some kind fellow has, however, told us in the columns of tho Courier, that if a jiieoe of liino as lurgo as a hen's ogg bo put into the pot, tho potatoes, howovor watery tlioy may havo boon, wlion served up will bo porieotly dry and mealy- If this should, upon trial, bo found to bo correct, wo shall rogurd our informant as a public bouofactor, Tns Punt. — Muoh to our surpriio.wo find that tho Mayor intonds, at the noxt mooting of tho Municipal Council, to move' tlmt tandors bo called for repairing tho steam punt, in, ordor to rondor hor safe and effi cient. Before his Worship takos sneh a stop, would it not. bo- prudent for liiin to obtain from somo duly qualified person un opinion, whothor any amount of repairing and alteration would tnako tho stoam punt oithor safn or efficient. Wo ontortnin our old opinion still, tlmt to spend ntonoy upon hor would bo worso than throwing it away, bocauso wo aro certain that in tlio ovuut of hor again being usod, thoro would bo a second odiLion of cosily oulluys in keeping bor in ropnir, with every probnbility of hor going to tho bottom. If sho wero again plying noross tho river, and if an ongineor had guaranteed hor and risked his reputation upon bor soundnoss and capabilities, a man would bo tired of his lifo und caroloss of his property if hu ventured on hor. Kvory oho whoso opinion is worth anything, condomnod tho punt from tho begin ning, and to lay out moro money now would bo about us wiso as building a houso upon a quicksand. Somo hulf-dozen of our Solous assort that as tho bulk of tho punt is. in oxistonce, it would be a great pity not to alter and ropnir it, although to do so vouid cost twice as much as it would to build a thoroughly uaoful, safe wooden punt, fitted for nil purposes until tho bridgo bo -orectod, and which would at tho aamo timo have tho thorough confideneo of tho peoplo.- Hio Worship perhaps forgots tlmt if tlio steam punt woro sold, it would fetoh probably moro money than would pay for tho building of atioli a'piint as wo propose. Wo cannot see with what propriety the Council uan iu the present scanty . condition of the Treasury chest, spend £500 or £000, in ordor to afford a doubtful and precarious uo- eominodatioii, when by not culling upon the rovenuo at all thoy'oan obtain all that is necessary. Peppered. — If peoplo will steal tlioy must oxpoot now and tlion to pay the ponalty of their indiscretion. Tlio Athonian Draco punished idleness witli death, and when uskod why ho was so Bovpro P ho ropliod, "that as tho smallest transgressions appoarod Jo him to do- servo death, ho could not find any punishment more rigorous for more atrocious crimes." It remained for tlio lawgivers of modern times to find out that tile vory worst uso u man could bo put to was to hang liiin, therefore, how a-days no man suffers on tlio scaffold, unless his' crimes Iiuto proven liim not only to bo use- loss, but dangorptiB. Wo hold' tliut in a young country, sparsely populated ; whioh is in a vory great measure unprotootod, and wlioro tho differonco between meim uud tuum appears to bo totally ignored, thnt puniali- nionts ought to bo more Bovoro than in lauds which are densely peopled, and whore at every stopono meets a guardian of tho law and of iho public peaco. If a sneaking fellow crawl through a poor man's fence and 'steal' his ffuit, wo consider ho ought to bo punished as severely, os-the London craoksmun who ontors a jowol- lers shop and earrics off two or threat thousand pounds . worth of olumlor. Tho crimes are equal us 'offences against tbo law, although not in dogroe. "Thou slmlt not steal," is us olourly sot at nought in tho formor as in tho latter case, and a wcoks bread and water for tlio oho offender und 10 years penal servitude for the other appears to us to present too wide a gup. Nathan taught David a very pretty lesson, which our Magis trates would do woll if. they occasionally repeated to our petty criminals. Tlio (lopredations now being 'committed in tho neighbourhood of Rookliumplon upon gardens, lioii-honsos, pig-styes, and clothes linos demand that when the thieves aro caught tboy should be severely punished; if Magistrates will insist upon bring lehiont) llinn'thoso who suffer will tako tho law into llicir oivn hands aiiil follgw tho oxamplo latoly sot by a, gardener who does not Uve a hundred miles from RooklmmptoiB One night last week ho . caught tlireb ineto .'stealing' his molons, tlioy wore' oloso toge ther nhd presented a vory pretty mark ; ho' could not ' Withstand; tlio temptation ; 'ho had beoii"pitilessly robbed for woeks; lie depouded upon his fruit for his bread, so ho took his gun down and fired into tho covey of feathorless bipeds. Wo need liavdly observo that tho V Tomkinses in ragged ooats and waistcoats," were cs much disgusted is astonished, and took -to ' flight without waiting for tho eontoVits of the seoond barrel ; cleared the fenoo at d bound, leaving behind them tho molons, for carrying weight on s'lioli ah oe- oasion was quite out of the question. It was after wards discovered thnt two of the night-hawks wero. 'p'opporcd about tho shoulders, the third was mora for- lunuto, and esbapod ' with a strong attack of tremor cordis. Socrates Rkkf,— Mr. Koiedas passed last week ubout "5 tons of his worst stono thruugli tho mill,' which ho liaB latoly erected on his l'eof, moro "to test tho .working capabilities of tho machine than with tlio cxpeotation 'of obtaining any great results'; ho was, however, agreeably, surprised to recoive about 62 ozs. of very excellent gold. Ho lias therefore a right to .anticipate that the . bettor portion of the stone will yield very muoh more profitably. Air. Kolodas has a laree auantitv of ouurtz '.frruasnil:- ianrl in it'.—lrinr, 1,;B ' reef with wonderful spirit. | Stealing.— Jumes Dyson was plaeod. in tho dock on Snturday 'charged with stealing tlio sum of £13 :4s . Gd. from a man nam 'd John Graham j after hearing the case tho magistrate committed the prisoner to tako ; his trial at tho forthcoming District Court Assizes. ' ; Wounding with Intent.— On- Saturday Miohaol IWilJjins was hrougiit up again 1 on remand, oharged Kvitli cutting and wounding ut Cowurral, arid was com mitted to tako his triul. ! I Lunacy.— On Saturday a lad about 15 yoa'rs :bf ago, named. William Ward, was brought, before tho Ben rii ; "npon suspicion of being of linsbiind roiiid. "Th'o poor boy, it appears, liaB boon Tor some timo ih the hospital,, and it is feurcd - that Iris intellects are fatally aiFeotod. IJptn. tho application of Dr. Salmond -ho was sent to tlo House of Dotoiition for. one month. On tlio samo dty a mannamod JohnF. Champion, who was brought from Brnadsouud in tho Tinonee, was also, produced inj Court, upon iho supposition that he .was .insane. Tljo Bench ordored him to bo' kopt in tho Loo-up till Monday morning, and requested Dr. Salinoud to visit hiii and report upon his condition. ; i ,. Graobmbre Annual Raobs. — Mr. Nusb, who 'has- bnon so long eonneotcd with tho Rookhampton, turf, anil who is not unly known to be u lovor of a good horso, but a staunch supporter of our annual and occa sional races, solicits tho publio to support him in his endeavors to provide' a first-oluBs day's sport upon tho l7lb March, St. Patrick's Day. As wo ore not likely to bo honored with the company of any of tho 8ou- thejn oracks, tlio monoy collected will full into the haqds of local men, therefore, when Mr. Hash" calls for sutscriiitionB we ought to give .with' 4 hoarty goodwill, for ;t will bo but taking our notes out of one pocket and putting thorn into the other.' A spur will be given to business and our horso breeders, if sport be tho roughly well patronised, will quickly begin to pay a little mora attention than they do now to the quality of their stock, 'so that they may eventually ontor the import markets with greater sucoess than now. We ' need .not urgo the sons of tlmt Islo whore " Lore and J Valor" wander, accompanied by'1 " Wit the . Sprite, " and who could not livo without occasional .'bursis of fun and frolie, to patronize "races to bo held o,u St. Patrick's Day, for wo are quite euro they, will roll up arid nssist Air. Nash with thoir monoy, and helpito dimmish his stock of grog. Kvory care will be takon to bring tlio race course into fine brdor, and ovory, effort made to induce tbu ownors of good nags to send . .their favorites to the starting post. Wo do not 'think wo shall bo wrong in calculating upon a capital ' day'siraeing, and n largo company on the 17th March, moro ospocially as the woather will not be so hot as it is at- present, and the roads will bo— in all probability —in good travelling ordor. Wo shall bo ablo to Bpoak ; morq: fully upon: the siibjoet wlion wo Bca Mr. Nash's 'programme; " AIr.'Fyee.— Wo understand that Air. Fyfo. will, in compliance . with the .wishos of his friouds and' sup porters, riioct his 'constituents at the 8ehool of 'Arts on Tuesday evening: Tlio ohair' will bo taken at sight o'olock, New Journal.— Wo have to acknowledge the re- ocipt of tho first number of the Sydney Mercantile 'Advertiser, a free daily newspaper, published by Mr. Robert Hnrwood, ' of . George-street, Sydney. The paper will bo delivsrod free of all charge in tho prin cipal' businoss localities of the city; and country resi dents can . have tlio Advertiser sont daily so their ad dress upon payment of the postuge, 13s. for G months. Thus Mr. llarwood depends entirely upon advertise ments to remunerate bim ; the idoa is bold, but not original, the North British Advertiser, one of tho most extensively circulated arid' boat paying journals in Kuropo, was started on tlio iko principles inuny years since, uiul it is surprising to us that in larye cities tlio exuuiplo has not been moro 'gcnorally followed. The appearance of the Advertiser iB peculiar, and as pecu liarity universally attracts attention, it is possible that the alternate columns of adrcrtisemouts and artioles, and general news, may induco mauy to givo tho paper riioro than a cursory glanco, and thus bocomo acquainted with upon what easy tornis tlioy can obtain tlio current news of the day. The paper is well printed and put together, and will no doubt bo supported, Sugar. — A Maryborough aorrospondant of tho Queensland Times says: — A few days since I paid u visit to tho Sugar Company's estate, and I can assure you that it is something worth seoing, everything working in most admirable ordor. Tho yield of sugar is somothin g astonishing ; and 1 can congratulate tho shareholders in having such' a superior manaaer as Mr. Oummings — a thoroughly oompotont man uliko in sugar-making, rum-distilling, and euno-growing. It is quite a Bight to see tlio beautiful mannor in whioh ho is growing tho cano. Ho sliowod mo a patch of about twonty aoros, and asBurod mo tlmt tho yiold in weight of oano -was 120 tons to tho noro. That fact ought to mako tho hearts of our small farmors rojoieoj for if thoy should only got 10s. pur ton for their oano, it would not bo long before thoy beoamo a race of nabobs. Hot Work1 — The nolieo authorities rocoivod a tele gram oi) Thursday night from Towusrilla to tlio effect that in securing a prisoner, named Willis. Detoclivo Barry was necessitated to shoot him. It appears from tlio inforeiation reeoivod that thoro wore two warrants out ngainst Willis for felony, arid tho deteo- tivo went to the Ross River und arrested him, und found in his possession a portion of the stolon proporty, consisting of a'gold watch and chain. In escorting tho prisoner, who wub handcuffed, to Townsylllo, 'tlioy had to pars through a denso scrub, and upon entering this Willis wus warnod that if lie mudo tlio least effort to escape ho would bo shot. The prisoner, howovor, whori woll into tho scrub, struck the dutectivo's horse upon tlio bead with his hand or somo woapon, and immediately bolted into tlio siyub. Barry pursued him and rolled upon him several times to stand, and, to frightori him, tired shots over his hoad. This ap peared to havo no oll'cot, as Willis sti|l continued running and tlio detuqtivu thqn fired two more shots, ono oi which struck Willis in tho thiglf, and the other in the back. Ho wus then secured, and Barry had to convoy riiim to Townsvillo, a distanoo of four miles. Tho man is not supposed to bo duneorouslv' wounded — Courier. .Hoi,; -..i ' Gilbeuton. — A. correspondent of tlio Maokay Mercury says " There is not milch ! to report in tho way of largo nuggets or any groat 'finds.' The European miners - numbering' about 400 ate busy on tho various reofs iu and aboufGilberton, -storing up large quantities oi stone and'awaiting the arrival of a uiusuAiig uiuciuuc uuujr VAjJUCbUU jruurtuo wape XVlTOr. Tlio first portion of this machine has already arrivod consisting of tho Blacksmith's tools, tile other portion being, it is said, on tho road. This will bo tho first crushing machiiio over introduced on tho .Gilbert, and from all accounts, there will bo plenty of work for it w'hon it does arrive. I hear there is something Xilco 300 tons of stono at tho present time waiting to bo crushed. Ab a test of some of tlio picked quartz from ono of tbo roofs hero, I am told that 27 ounces of gold was obtained from 1J- buckets of Btuff, this was crushed byr a littlo liaud machiiio of 4 stainpors, tho stono ob tained was from No. 3 North Artomus Ward Roof. The Chinese population is something like 800, and those of the Cehst iais who are mining',, givo thoir minds solely to alluvial digging, and John ' with his ' orudle' at work may bo met with for miles on oithor Bide of tho township of Gilbertou. About a mile outBide tho town' there is a regular Chinese camp, whore thoy havo a Joss House, Gambling House, Public House", &o.; Even in Gilbcrton, there is u Chinese Gambling Houso. whieii I visited, prompted by curiosity, but I saw no monoy inhibited, although dice and dominoes wero on the tublca. Thoro are no less than 4 Cliiueso ' public- houses and G Chinese stores in Gitbortou, whilst the Europeans have 9 public- houses and G stores. But 'John' paying oash for all his goods socins to bo ublo to kcop things down to his own price. For instance, biundy the other day, wus £2 ,10s. per gallon, a quantity, of MartoilV arrivod yesterday for ono of. the Chinese storekeepers, and as I write" brandy is down to £1103. per gallon." Explosun op Kerosene Lamps.— A fatal aooidont, which ooeurred last Sunday night, says tho Cot&ier; should not as a caution, to thoso who uro in the habit of :dealing%areioasly with korosone iampB. ; It. appears that a married woman, namod Margaret Campbell, a servant in tlio employ of Mr. J. Burns, of tipper Edwurd-streot, attempted to extinguish; a lamp by blowing over tho chimney— a very common practice. Tho lamp, whether from the quality of oil it contained, or through .some detect; in the. burner, immediately exploded, scattering the. burning oil ovor tho woman's .dress, whioh immediately took lire and onvolopod her in flames.. Tho injuries sho sustniued were of so aorioiis a bhoriibtor that by medical advice she was Tenured to tho hospital, and notwitostaiiding tho' oll'orts.of tho modioul attondanoe.ishqtigraduaUy sank, arid diod on Tuosday. . 'JJhq dooeasqd was about. 37 years of ago, and was; a44mueli 'esteemed servant. — A correspondent of tho Conner -'writing upon the above Bays.— A teaspoorifnl of salt thrown into a kerosene lamp containing a pint of oil, would pre vent tho . generation of explosive . gas, as well as the vory strong nnu unpleasant smell that arises from the korosone oil. Having tried the experiment onco I have continued the use of tho salt ever since, with the happiest results, and without tlio slightest fear of un explosion ; . : St. Feanoisco.— A first-class hotel is d littlo viiiago ill itself. The Oeoidentul, for oxuinpJe, lms 400 rooms, for visitors iVa'iarge'billiard room, where) there are 16 tables of the latest and best design. The dining-room can seat . 300 persons At one .time.; and with a staff of timFrcnoli oooks" and forty waiters' there need be ho oomplainls of empty stomachs or bad treatment in this department ... ,.Thqrp is still : a greater boon in 'store for the bon ton who- wish to , live at a , fashionablo hotel with slonder, means, and ,whq,are contont,, with a room upon tho garret. Heretofore this was unpleasant, having to traverse , five flights of stairs to gain their rooms. Thisj 1 however, 'has been mado tho most fashionublo looatioii by the aid of an ."'.elevator," that conduets y'oii, and your baggage in one. minute from the ground floor to tho landing whore your room may bo situate, l'his " olevutor" is capable of 'seating twolvo persons at tbo same timo, and a lot of baggago. This is worked- by, a steam-engine, that stands outBide in the yard... By means of this engine the house iB sup'pliod with hot water for bathing purposes. A bath room being .situato upon eiioh floor answers all tho purposes for keeping boarders clean and cool. In ad dition, to this there is a largo , laundry attaohod, whore twelve able-bodied Frenohmon find sufiieiont employ ment in cleansing thq soiled garments of the houso.and its visitors. -It will.scarce bo necessary to toll yon that there is a harbor's and bootblack's room adjoining— for a truo Yuukee must at least have throe or four shaves every day, and his boots blacked by a " profes sional" as'ofton-aB lio may have ten; cents to spare, or the whim may. tako bun. A well-made boot, neatly blacked; iB the pride of all Unole Sum's " sous. There are four hotels of this first-class stylo, twelve of the eooond; and about one hnudrod of ' tbe tbird) with any quantity of first-class1 private, boarding houses. To livo at a first-olass hotol will obBt 3) dollars (fourteen- shillings) per diem, oxolusiyo of-your room rent, whioh may cost from thirty' tip to tlireo hundred dollars per month, according to stylo arid location". From these high figures you travel backwards through the second class, until you bring up at the third and last olass, whnfA vnn ttlltl (lnr) hrlatitl-'nnirl jnrlntnn n- _ r V" "V"' MUM swvigiug uli bliu lUbU U1 flvo dollars por week; — Correspondent, Brisbane Courier. ... The Storms.— A., very melancholy ocourroneo took ,plaoo at Ravenswood .'on Christmas Eve. Mr. W. Stable was fitting in Air. Haoket's' house during a violont thunderstorm, when a flash of lightning struck him in tho head uud uppoars to havo passed down his leg, making its exit through the boot. Of eourss Mr. Stublo was killed instantly. All-. Stublo was tho pro prietor of tho iodo of galena, of wliiob wo gavo tho auulysis lust wook, und was in process to ship largo quantities of it through Messrs. , Worry arid Marsh of this town. Tlio storms have boon vory violent all round, presenting most romarkubio phenomena in the telograph atatious. tlio wires collecting largo quantities of -olootricity, which would often do considerable damage but for the scientific means otntrioyod for rendering it harmless. In Bowen alone have tliero been no storms, tho nearest ehargoB of elcctrioity having b'oen some four or fivo miles oil'. This froodom from thunderstorms is ono of the many advantages attaohed to rcsidance in Bowon, whoro. the same local conformation tbat-somotimos deprivos us of more of our fair share of rain than wo can well spare, appearo to Bervo to keep' tho tliuridbrstoruis at a distanoo. It is but vory rarely .that saoh phenomena oconr near onough to town to bo dangerous. Wo do not romom: ber ono for four years past.— JP. D.-Times. AIaebnoo. — The prospects of Marengo -are looking up woniioriully, cvoryone seems satisfied witli them, and nt last wo believe there is a chance of the ground boiug well prospooted. ' We hnve soon some very oxool- lont qnocimehs fiorii ' some ot tho roofs, also some .qlluviur gojd got in payable quantities. Wo havo reason to" boliovo tlmt .a, very short "timo will elapse hqlore.iv eruslring ,in iohin5 bommbrioes its work on tlio K'vuiiu. xjiuiu nucu ou very uuie iiuncuity oriOOlay iii plaoing machinery on so oasily aocessablo a snot. — P. -D, Times, ' Better Days. — Wc aro told that " tho end of a thing iB bettor than tho beginning," nnd assuredly the pust year in Quoonslnnd lias been one of such tilings. Any ono who wants to know how wo havo boon getting on bore, and who will tako up any sorios of records of our procoodings from week to woek— say a newspaper — for his information, will bo surprisod to obsorvo the romarknblo change for tho hotter whioh is evident, as ho goes on, At the beginning of this year wo wore not nearly so woll off as wo are now. Tlio improve ment in our small political world — the 'ehango of Mr. Palmor for Mr,; Lilloy, of Mr. Tkfeuipson for Mr. (Taylor, of straightforwardness .for-jMgtila-dcaliiig, und of publio spiritafor personal ends Booking — is u j a,t and also a sampju of tho amondmout. At tho begin - iring of - the year puoplo wore as it were hoping against hope for bettor days. 'Thoy are now realising bottor duys, and thoir hull' hopeless hopos are exeliunged for the strongoat' expectation of what good things the fu. tuve may have in store for theui. Tho clinngo has been gradual, but constantly growing. There arc no rigns of its suspension, but on tho contrary, thore are innay sigua of its more rapid development. — Courier. Port Denison.— The rainy season, set in witli its usual punctuality on tho 1st instant, and we aro now well into it. We liavo had n good deal of rain, but no vory heavy wind us vet, though storms have been both frequent and severe on the const, und indeed inland also, this season. By telegram yesterday w o learnt thut the Burdokin had not risen. — A. JO. Tillegram. Cotton. — Tho cotton on most of tho Rcdbunk Plains farms — especially in the undulating ground — is look ing vory- woll indood. It has nothing yot to contend against, the caterpillar and tho worm being almost un known. Tho plunts have a fresh elean look, indicutivo of porfcct health, arid in the early pluntod fields, thoy are loaded with pods. Wc liavo novor previously soon bettor promiso of a heavy orop, nor in spito of tho weather, havo we, ob a rule, seen better tondod fields. Hero and there, indood, tho cotton troe3jiro rendered invisible by tho grass and weeds, and thf jfliturn to tho grower cannot but bo small : but speaking generally, tho fields are in vory fuir ordor indeed, and many of thorn aro as . clean and tidy as a lady's garden. 'Tho pioking of tho prunod trees will begin tpKiibout a fort night, and by tlio end of January, the early planted youiig cotton will be begiuning to open, and harvost operations will bocomo gonoral. Judging from sn-o- Bont appearaucos the crop of this your will go a long way towards ' indemnifying tho farmors for previous losses, and in spite of tho reduced bonus and a de pressed home market, will sot many oil their legs again. We would remind Mr. Tifliu thut there is plenty of scape for his labors, as ongineor of roods," among the Redback Plains farmers, wburo ovon now somo of the thoroughfares urs impassable even on horsobuck, and tlio expenditure of a vory few hundred pounds on oul- vortB would be most liocoptuble. There is not a finer agricultural district iu this neighborhood than " Tho Plains," nor a better olass of agriculturists than thoso that resido thoro. They do not ask for mucudamiscd roads and kerbstones, but simply for the means of got- ting to markot with thoir produce without being either capsized or bogged. — Queensland Times. Australian Wines. — Thoso wines occupied aplnco in our first columus of " Colonial Topics," writton just twolve inonthf ago. Then wo told of tho opening of an establishment ior the sale of wines, the produce of tho Auldana Vineyards, near Adelaide. In connec tion witli tho perpetual ehango of things, .the surround ings of tho Australian wine trade in L -ndon havo also somewhat ahaugod. The old cellars in Walbrook aro just "as, wo doacribed thom, save that tho Btocks arc in creased, and tho dimly lit ojivorn in which tlio tastings took piueo is no longer devoted to that purposo. Now every corner and cranny of the old cellars aro crammed with bottles. Two hundred and fifty thousand bottles . of wine inado around Adolaido are now lying snugly packed within earefully-built bins in the quaint old collars of Walbrook.) As when wo. first wrulo on tbo subject, tbe'cSntre of tbo oollars is dovotod to tho stor ing of butts and pipos, tho contents of which aro ripening and being made-ready fsr the aftor process of bottling. Australian wines) as far as tho publio is concerned; hare removod to brighter quarters. One of the brightest of tho modern olllcos of-Fenchurch- strcot is now devoted to the sale of them. Tlio collars hero vie in .extent with tlioso in Walbrook uiiml horu tho selling stock is kopt. A trifle, in tlwQJ&i; of 160,000 ' bottles and fifty pipos, is . kcpViiUjiiind, in order to meet the ordinary consumption of tho trudo. Messrs. Leigh and Apps Smith, tho pro prietors, report favourably of tho progress of tho trudo, and have the satisfaction of retaining orery purchaser as a customer. The care thoy ox-pond over tho busi ness deserves to command success, and to llieir modo of dealing the South Australians owe the success, that has attended tho introduction of AdelniHn wins into London.— -Home News. 