Theatrical and Amusements. The prestige of the Victoria Theatre is in a fair way of being restored by the present management. On Saturday evening 'Richelieu' was produced to a very good house, considering the state of the weather It was also the occasion of Miss Surtees' first appear ance, which was one of the most Buccessful debuts seen here. Mr. Tavares played the role of the famed Lord Cardinal, whom Lord Lytton has depicted with a masterly hand, and made the part a favourite with all who aspire t© a leading position on the dramatic stage. Mr. Tavares possesses many of the requisites necessary to render it effectively, his appearance, and the rapidity with which he changes mood, being specially in his favour. ^ In some of the more decla matory passages he elicited marked applause, particu larly for his delivery of the well-known lines ' Around her form,' &c.; He was repeatedly called before the curtain, as was also Mi6s Surtees, who had a most gratifying reception, and who was honoured by a shower of bouquets when she had proved that she had a claim to be considered a worthy re presentative of Julie de Mortimer. As there are very few amongst the older members of the profession who can face a strange audience without a certain amount of trepidation, it was not to be wondered that she was a little nervous at first ; but tor all that she got through her duties with great credit. It was a very ladylike, unaffected impersonation. Her voice and personal appearance seemed to take with the audience from her first interview with the Cardinal until the curtain fell, when she shared an enthusi astic recall with Mr. Tavares. Several of the other leading characters were admirably pourtrayed. Mr. Holloway, as Barradas, never played better. Mr! Darrell was also a most efficient De Mauprat, and both were called before the curtain. The fop De Beringhen was nicely suited to Mr. Power's parti cular style, and he played it well. Mr. Howe, as Joseph, was hardly recognisable, so artistic was his make- up, and in other respects he did justice to the part. The piece, which was mounted with new and well-painted scenery, appropriate stage acces sories, &c.;, was repeated on Monday before a large audience, with increased success. On Tuesday the announcement of the performance o£ Hamlet at the Victoria Theatre succeeded in attract ing a splendid house, the dress circle being well filled, and the .lower portions of the theatre crowded. 'Hamlet' seems to be chosen by the public as a fair test of the ability of any actor who may aspire to the position of excellence in first-class tragedy, and hence the audience were evidently in a critical mood. Mr. Tavares, however, passed the ordeal with great credit. His Hamlet, although not by any means reaching perfection, is original ; and in some portions particularly good. He seems to excel in the pathetic scenes, and where a strong display of feeling is re quired. In the play scene the intense agony and anxiety of the Prinze were well brought out, the bedroom scene with the Queen being so well rendered as to bring down the enthusiastic plaudits of the audience. Mr. Tavares was also honoured with several calls after the acts. Mrs. Robert Heir, as Ophelia, played with her usual ability, and Miss Rosa Cooper may be com plimented for her rendition of the character of the Queen. She looked the character and brought out the various points with great effect. Mr. Darrell sustained two parts — the Ghost and the First Actor — and acquitted himself very creditably. Of the minor characters little can be said, except that Mr. Andrew's Gravedigger, and Mr. Howe's Polonius, were excellent performances. The new comedy, en titled 'The Two lloses,' which has had such an immense run in England, is announced as in pre paration. The new diggings at Gulgong has opened a l'rean field for the profession, and we learn that Miss G ougenheim's company, which includes Miss Morgan, Miss Oliver, and several less known on the metropo litan boards, are doing well there. t The Melbourne papers report that Mrs. Gladstane s company is doing a large business at the Princess 6 Theatre, and produced ' Foiled ' on Saturday night with great success. The company at the Royal has sustained a loss by the renewed indisposition of Miss Emeline Zavistowski, whose medical adviser pro hibited her from playing for a time. Those who saw the sisters here can imagine how ill the best of them can be spared. Her place is at present filled by Miss Grainger, who recently proceeded to Melbourne from, this city. As a vocalist she is superior to any of the Z. trio. ^ 