SUPP SED Appearances of Chosts. We find quite an intcrest;ni; account of ghost Being in the pagifl of a work cntiiled ' Arcana of Spirit ualism,' and a still more interesting explanation of why ghosls are aomolimes teen. The uuthor of tha woik mys that ghosts arc nothing rr.oie than a luminous, gaseous fiama that arises from all bodies, and especially those under^oiu^ decomposition. ThcBS emanations, he says, aro of go eluereul a nature that only persons of peculiar or 'anizitions can see them, unless, on some occasion?, where they are present in great force. Of com Be, iu gruverards, for instance, it ' takes no ereat stretch of f iioy to shape tho upright, luminous, waving cloud into human form.' The author pronounces this a simple fact in chemistry, and thiuku it singular that from it should have arisen all t: e unbelievable stories of (?hoBts and hobgoblins whi,:h !! ???tt tiirou^h people's brains and terrify thorn ; Vl ' having no more cxistecCR than :i wisp c t' lUnif: or log -like cloud.' A singulur instance is ;*ivon us happening in Ger many, in a loejilirr-kn.iWTi as Pfcffni's Garden, at Collmar. Pfcffel will bo remnmberwi as the blind German potl.und ho hn-1 engaged u y-?ung clergy man named Billing; as hid emanueusU. The poet was alreij 6 led by his amnnueneis when he walked cut, whii'li was ' most freqvently in his garden. After a lima Pfeff=l leuaxkeii that every lime they camo to a particular spot, in the garden, Billing's arm trembled, and' he manifested uneasiness. Some coavtitsation about it finally occurred, when the young clergyman reluctantly etued that as of:en as they passed that opvt curtain seueations attacked hiui, which he couli not ovorco ne, and whioh he alwajs experienced at places where human bodies were bui ie 1. When be came to such places at night, ho saw strange sighls. With a view to cure this man of hie delusion, the pout returned with him to the piTden that night; and when near enough, Billing n:iiil he bbw what nt first appeared to be a white, irumaterial flame, which then took the form of a woman — one arm laid acri.'ffl the body, the other hanging down, wuvniasr, or at rest, the fett elevated about two Inntl- hriadths above the ground. Pfeffel walked up to it as tLe young man would not, and etrnek through the /spotirith his cane; bittheapecge did not move nor slier. It was as when one stakes* stick through a flame; the fiery shape always recovered the same form. Many other* also wwit. and q lite a sensation was created ; and at last Pfeffel had the place drift up, when a skeleton was . found, covered with quick-lime, as m time of peetUence. The bones were taken out, and the hole filled up, and the spectre was never seen again. 