THE COMEDY OF CONVOCATION IN THE ENGLISH CHURCH. In Two Scenes. Edited by Archdeacon Chasuble, D.D. : Scene I. — The Jerusalem Chamber. \- Scene IT. — Dr. Easy's Drawing Room. Scene I. (Continued). A few minutes of painful silence here ensued, when — Dean Critical inquired, with a touch of irony in his voice and manner— " Could any of hi?1 friends undertake to inform mm wuat was the authority of the Church of England ?" Hitherto the debate had gone only to show what it was not. Dr. Theory had maintained that there was no such thing. Dr. Viewy and Dean Pliable had each of them proved that it did not reside in the Bishops and clergy, unless, indeed, it might be supposed to exist- in equal measure in every one of them; but, as. they were unhappily in direct opposition to one another on many funda mental doctrines, this was equivalent to say ing that no authority to decide Christian doc trine existed in the Church of England. If there really were any such authority, Convo cation could hardly be more usefully employed than defining its nature and fixing its limits. Archdeacon Jolly observed, without ris ing from his seat — "What say you to the Archbishop of Canterbury?" (Some laugh ter, which was immediately suppressed.) Dean Critical reminded the Venerable Archdeacon that the Archbishop of Canter bury was not alluded to in tlieir formularies in any such character, and feared it must he said, without disrespect, that he had no more power to determine a disputed point of doc trine than his amiable lady, whose hospitality many of them had enjoyed. It was a lament able fact that his Grace had no more autho rity over the people of England, nor over a single individual out of his own household, than . . . (A voice exclaimed, "The King of the Sandwich Islands," a suggestion which was greeted with mingled applause and disapprobation.) Archdeacon Jolly — "Well, then, Her Majesty the Queen, whom the Church admits to be ' supreme' in all causes, spiritual as well as temporal ? Dean Critical could not forget that Her Majesty, in whom they recognised a model of , every Christian virtue, frequented indiffer ently Presbyterian meeting houses and tlie .'Glvurebes of tlieir own communion. If, there- lore, as the law appeared to admit, the au thority of the Anglican Church resided in her royal person it followed that the Westmin ster Confession and the Thirty-nine Articles -were equally true, and that every Anglican was also a Presbyterian. Archdeacon Jolly — "How about tlie "Privy Council? If it be the ultimate judge of doctrine, must it not be the authority for . which you are seeking?" Dean Critical thought not, because, in fact, tlie sum of its decisions amounted to ' this— that the Church of England taught no thing, and denied nothing, which was equiva- \- lent to saying she believed nothing. A tri- \- Initial which decided in every case of disputed doctrine as the Privy Council invariably did, that'.botli the plaintiff and defendant were right, was a judicial curiosity that could hardly be said to afford the litigant parties much assistance in bringing tlieir cause to an issue. The Privy Council might be an autho rity over the Church of England, whose de- cisions the latter was obliged to receive ; but no one could seriously maintain that it was an authority to which any Anglican, of what ever party in the Church, professed to sub mit his conscience in matters of faith. Archdeacon Jolly — "Will you accept Convocation as your authority?" (Loud laughter, with cries of "shame" from Dean Pompous.) Dean Critical regretted that he could not accept Convocation m the character of an "Anglican Holy See; because, to say nothing of the general feeling of the country, and the malicious comments of the public Press, which appeared to treat them with derision, and talked of their " dancing round a May pole," liis own observations of the proceed ings of that Assembly dissuaded liim from any such view. Much experience had brought him to the sorrowful conviction that Convo cation was only a clerical debating club, of which every member took himself for the ' Pope, and the Church for liis pupil, p. . Archdeacon Jolly — "Might it be per mitted to suggest the formularies ?" Dean Critical — "So supple and elastic in their1 nature as to be sworn to with equal facility both by those who claim to 'hold all Roman doctrines ' and those who protest against them." Archdeacon j olly — ' 'Well, there are still the Thirty-nine Articles." Dean ' jhuxical — ' 'Thirty -nine opinions, . one of wlvmh declares of all the others that ' they are human and fallible." Archdeacon Jolly did not know that he 'could offer any further suggestion; but, at least, one of the Articles declared "the . : Church, hath authority in matters of faith." Dean Critical was not unmindful of the ; fact, which had always appeared to him to ' be a device of the framers to express this idea — "We admit that the Church we are forming lias no authority, but we recognise that if it were a Church it would have authority." For it should be observed that while they said, the Church hath autho- \- :rity," they at the same time enjoined the clergy not to believe a single word she taught them, unless they found their own interpretations of the Scriptures to agree with hers ! Thus they made the Church of England say to all her members—" If you should accidentally be right in your interpretation of the Bible, put that down to me, for I am the Church which teaches you ; but if, which is far more probable, you should be wrong, put that down to yourself,, for I have warned you to believe in nothing which you cannot prove for yourself out oftheBible." ("Hear, hear," from the Rev. Lavender Kidds.) Dean Critical (after contemplating Mr. Kidds through his eyeglass) continued — He would gladly and thankfully find in the Articles, if it were possible to do so, both an authority and a summary of positive doc trine. But how stood the case 1 The very Articles which affirm that the Church hatli authority were expressly written to prove that it hath not. Even the preface to the Articles was a manifest attempt at throwing dust in the eyes of tlie public, and making them believe the exact contrary of what the writers knew to be true. Thus it stated that the Articles were composed to "avoid diversities of opinion," whereas it was notorious to the whole world that they were so _ framed as to include diversities of opinion. It said further that "His Majesty would not endure any varying or departing from them," which did not seem to imply much confidence in their power to keep their own ground, and made His Majesty the real but somewhat inefficient guardian of their contradictory propositions. It said again that "no man should put liis own sense or comment upon their meaning." Really the drollest requirement ! For, as it had been proved from the beginning, ancl more than ever in their own times, that they were capable of many and opposite interpre tations, whose sense should a man put upon them unless he put his own ? The Professor of History-t-" Dean Criti cal was no doubt aware that, according to Dr. Pusey, the true light by which to inter pret the Articles was to be borrowed from the Canons of the Council of Trent." Dean Critical did not see why, if every mail might choose his own sense, Dr. Pusey might not choose his own interpreter, though he could have wished that he had made a better choice. But he was surprised that Dr. Pusey did not detect the inconsistency of making the Roman Church the interpreter of articles which were not only directed against herself, but which formed the very charter of a rival community, whose creation they expressly justified by setting forth the errors and even the blasphemies of Roman theology. It was really too much to make the Roman Church at once the interpreter of charges brought against her, and the judge of the parties who brought them. The Professor of History — ' 'It was not the less true that they must find a judge somewhere, otherwise the Articles were so much waste paper. Could they not be made to interpret themselves ? Dean Critical thought that their friend Dr. Theory had sufficiently demonstrated — first, that there was nothing to interpret ; and, secondly, that even if there were, there was nobody authorised to interpret it. He had been painfully struck by tlie observation of liis learned friend, that a Church proclaim ing its own fallibility could neither teach any definite doctrine, nor enforce it on tlie con science of its members. The Articles were his best witness to the truth of the assertion. Thus, one of them decreed that tlie Church hath authority, whilst it not only enjoined all Anglicans not to obey it, but even in structed them how to evade obedience by pleading their own interpretation of tlie Bible. Another of them announced that even General Councils were incurably addicted to " erring," as though the erring propensities of Councils were to be taken for proof that the Church hath authority, instead of for proof that it could not possibly have any. Yet General Councils were certainly regarded by tlie authors of the Prayer-Book as the highest authority after the Bible. How, then, was it possible to extract any plea for au thority of any kind from the Articles? "Iam sorry for you, General Councils, but you err," is the remarkable torm ot obedience to autho rity suggested by the Anglican Church to lier clergy ! He must repeat, that there was something at once trivial and impertinent in a Church declaring that it hath authority, whilst in tlie same breath it commanded its disciples not to obey that authority. The authors of the Articles seem themselves to have felt the absurdity ; for in the Nineteenth Article they made the Church of Eng land say virtually, " I cannot teach you, nevertheless obey ;" whilst in the Twentieth Article they made her declare, ' I can teach you, nevertheless do not obey." It repented him (Dean Critical), and it was a relief both to his conscience and to his intellect to make the avowal, that lie had thrice sworn to the Thirty-Nine ; though, perhaps, as an under graduate, the act was partly excused by the fact of his never having read them, and, as a beneficed clergyman, by the circumstance that the law was too strong for him. He appealed to all who respected truth and in tegrity, and did not consider themselves mere ecclesiastical machines, to be wound up and set in motion by an Act of Parliament, whether it was possible to imagine a more grotesque form of impiety and dishonesty than the swearing to the divine truth of what one swears at the same time to be human. He would remind tlie House of the caustic and ingenious rebuke of the Count de Maistre, than which nothing, he conceived, was ever more conspicuously merited — " In the very same moment, with the very same pen,ivith the same ink, and upon the . same paper, the Church of England declares a dogma, and declares that she has no right to declare it. I hope," added the Count, " that in tlie end less catalogue of human inconsistencies, this will always hold one of the first places." A.nd he (Dean Critical) must venture to add liis own hope to that of the Count, that tlie swearing no matter how often, to the divine truth of what one swears to be human, must be far too puerile an act to be reckoned a sin. De. Easy here rose to express liis regret that, up to tlie present time, 110 progress whatever had been made towards that im portant discovery which was the object of their present discussion. They could not be said to have thus afforded any assistance to " an Anglican in search of authority." (He was proceeding to confess his cordial agree ment with Dean Critical, as a clergyman and a gentleman, that subscription to the Articles was something very like an insult to a liberal and cultivated mind, when lie was suddenly interrupted by the Rev. Lavender Kidds, who appeared not to uotice that any one was occu pying the House.) The Rev. Lavender Kidds (wlio seemed much excited, rose amidst cries of " Order, order," and great laughter) observed that he now assisted for tlie first time at the Assem bly of Convocation, and had been deeply shocked by the unscriptural tone of tlie dis cussion. (Suppressed merriment.) For his part, he gloried in the Thirty-nine Articles of their pure and reformed Church, and espe daily in their noble testimony to the grand truth that the religion of Protestants was " the Bible, tlie whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible." This was the true " authority" f vital Christians, and he cared for no other. This was the simple and grand lesson of those venerable formularies which had been that day so grievously undervaluated and calum niated. Really, it seemed to him to be pre posterous in any Protestant Assembly to talk bo much of " Church authority." Authority, indeed I Who wanted it? and if tliey had it, wlio would obey it ? Certainly, no mem ber of that House with whom lie had the happiness of being acquainted — (laughter and ironical cheers) — least of all the High Church party, who had recently been forming a so ciety to protect themselves against their Bishops. (Renewed disapprobation.) He con tended that their forefathers had done without authority, and had wisely regarded it as a mark of the Beast. He was for the Bible, and for the Bible only. Perish the Articles, and the Church itself — no, his zeal was, per haps carrying him too far. What he meant to say was — in fact, he wished to observe — as long as they had the Word they wanted nothing else. He knew, indeed, that Dean Primitive and Archdeacon Chasuble preferred authority to Scripture — as long, that was, as they could keep the former in their own hands ; but he had invariably remarked that they refused to their bishops and superiors the obedience they required from their curates and parishioners. But Englishmen, he felt convinced, were not to be cajoled by a spu rious Popery; and if they must renonuce tlieir liberty, it would not be to those who re fused that liberty themselves to resist the very Church they copied in everything but their obedience. (General cries of " Enough, enough," amid which Mr. Kidds resumed his seat, with the air of one who had delivered a solemn and suitable protest.) Dean Blunt regretted that Mr. Kidds had so abruptly terminated liis discourse. He respected every conscientious opinion, but feared that Mr. Kidds had failed to grasp the real point under discussion. The reverend' gentleman need only reflect that the interpret ation of Scripture texts was even still more various and incongruous than the Articles, in order to convince himself that if authority were wanted to determine tlie one, it was at least as essential to expound the other. It was curious that Mr. Kidds did not perceive that everybody had tlie Bible as well as him self, but that everybody drew a different Christianity out "of it. From the Socinian, who denies the divinity of the Lord who bought him, up to the Puseyite, who believes in everything Catholic except in tlie Catholic Church — all were Bible Christians. But this ! was only another way of saying that Bible Christianity is, of all fallacies, the most trans parent; the fallacy consisting in this, that no: professedly Bible Christian ever really takes the Bible for liis authority; what lie always takes is his own interpretation of the Bible, that is, himself. So that " the Bible, and the Bible only" meant really "my interpretation of the Bible, and not yours." Hence, the Bible and self were synonymous terms in the moutli of tlie Bible Christian. For example (continued Dean Blunt, with a candor which appeared to startle Convocation), if Mr. Kidds take a text of the Bible as meaning one thing, and I take the same text as mean ing exactly the contrary, it is obvious that neither Mr. Kidds nor myself take the Bible for our authority ; what we take is ourselves, but as nobody has sufficient sincerity to say openly, ' my only authority is myself," there-; fore Mr. Kidds calls his opinions " the Bible," and I call Mr. Kidd's opinions " un scriptural." He (Dean Blunt) would only detain the House to suggest to Mr. Kidds the answer he must give to the question pro posed by Dr. Easy. Assuming Mr. Kidds' theory— that a man's conviction of the truth is the same with truth itself ; in other words, that heresy becomes the truth to every one who thinks he finds it in the Bible— the real solution of Dr. Easy's question was as fol lows — "Let a man be sure that the Bible teaches that there is a God, and then he is a heretic if he deny it; but let him have the smallest doubt upon the point, and then he is a heretic if he assert it." Dean Primitive was unwilling that the observations of Mr. Kidds should pass with out any other reply than Dean Blunt had thought to give them. I-Ie had spent thirty years of liis life combating the errors of that party in the Church to which Mr. Kidds he- longed, and he hoped to continue the same holy warfare to the end. He was aware that the so- called Evangelicals insisted upon the plainness of Scripture, and were accustomed to assume, with strange disregard of noto rious facts, that nobody heed find any diffi- 7 t- j culty in decidingtlie" true , meaning of any text whatever. With the permission of the House, he would give a few illustrations of the Evangelical method of dealing with the inspired book, from which it would very clearly appear that when they boasted of ap pealing to the Bible, they only appealed to their own version of it, that is, to themselves; and that their favorite shibboleth, " the Bible,' and the Bible only," meant simply, as Dean Blunt had well observed, " my interpretation of the Bible, and not yours." Thus, when Our Lord said to His priests — " I give to you " . the keys of the kingdom of Heaven," it is plain, according to the Evangelicals, that He meant — " I give to no man the keys of the kingdom of Heaven." When He declared— " "Whosesoever sins you remit, they are re mitted;" beyond doubt He wished them to understand — ' I particularly withhold from you the power to remit sin." When He gave the promise to His Church — " I am with you always, even to the end of the world mani festly, He designed to say — " I am with' you only to the end of the third or fourth cen tury, after which I shall desert you until the sixteenth." When He announced — "I will send the Holy Ghost, and He shall guide you into all truth it is clearer than the day that He wished to tell them — "The Holy Ghost will teach you just so much of truth as each individual can gather for himself from the private study of the Scriptures." When He made the wonderful statement—" The gates of hell shall never prevail against tile Church;" even children can see that Ho meant — "Hell shall .triumph over the Church for eight hundred years and more." Finally, when He exclaimed — "He that wall not hear the Church, let liirn he to thee as the heathen and the publican," how obvious the interpretation — "He that will not hear ' the Church, let him be to tliee as a brother ; ' provided only he read the Bible, and call himself an Evangelical." As tlie Evangeli cals dealt in this manner with the Master, it was not surprising that they should treat His apostles with the same derision. - A few examples would suffice. If St. Paul said — "A man that is a heretic reject," everybody perceives that he meant — -"particularly court the company of heretics, and gladly join in prayer with them." If lie exhorted ' — " Let there be no divisions," what is more evident than this truth — " Without divisions; the human mind "will be enslaved by priest craft?" If he taught that there should bo "no schisms in the body," surely it was equi valent to saying — "Let the body be made up of schisms. If he affirmed — "The works of the flesh are manifest, which are sects," it was precisely as if he had said — "Now, sects are the first-fruits of the spirit." If alluding to holy marriage, he observed — "It is good for a man not to touch a woman," how mani fest the meaning — "Everybody should marry, and particularly priests." If again he said — " He that is married is divided," how trans parent the Scriptural lesson— "All men ought to marry, in order that they may be divided," If, once more, he admonished Christians — "He that is not married careth for the Lord," liow patent the apostolic counsel — "Make haste to marry, especially the Bishops and clergy, that you may cease to care for the Lord." He would now pro ceed to give illustrations of a different kind, and from a different source. He was anxious to show, as a mere matter of fairness to Mr. Kidds, that Ms method and that of his party in the Church was not inconsistent with the language of the Articles, which would supply remarkable specimens of the same kind. For this reason, he felt at liberty to remain in communion with men whose views of Chris tianity were diametrically opposed to his own. Both could plead the approval, silent or spoken, of their common mother. The maxim, " Quietanon movere" — which, in their communion might be interpreted, " Peace at any price" — was not to be lightly esteemed ; and perhaps, in the event of any future re vision of the Thirty-nine Articles, the sense of that salutary maxim might be embodied' in theological terms, so as to constitute the for- tieth of their number. The examples he pro posed to add were as follows — each was unique of its kind : — There was the example dogmatic, the example critical, and the ex ample evasive. And first, for the example dogmatic. The Twenty-eighth Article pro nounced that the Catholic doctrine of the Sacrament of the Altar is repugnant to the plain words of Scripture." Now, the plain words were — "This is my body;" conse quently, when our Lord said— " This is my body," the plain meaning of his words were — "This is not my body." By parity of reasoning, had our Lord said — "This is not my body," the plain meaning of his worda would have been — Transubstantiation ! On the same principle, when there came a voico from heaven — " This is my beloved son," the plain meaning would have been, what, in short, every good Christian erroneously be lieves to be true. He (Dean Primitive) had always regarded this statement of the Ar ticles as an intentional and ingenious irony, of which the Bible theory was the object ; and it was with this reservation that ho swore to it at his ordination. For, if the statement were seriously made, it would be perhaps the most eccentric defiance of com mon sense and common honesty with winch the literature of the world had hitherto fur nished them. Next for tlie example critical. He (Dean Primitive) had found himself some years since attending a parish meeting in the north of England, presided' over by- a clergy man of great repute. The question under discussion was the best mode of treating con troversial subjects in their divided state. One clergyman strongly objected to. all con troversy, on the ground that it, quenched charity, and led to no practical result. Im mediately arose another, who declared in a loud voice, and with great energy of manner, that he had the authority of " Paul himself" for tlio condemnation of so wretched and un- scriptural an opinion. For did not _ Paul say, that "without controversy, great is the mysteries of godliness ;" and could he more clearly imply that with controversy all the mystery vanishes ! (lireat laughter), du ring which Mr. Kidd rose, as if to leave the room, hut appeared to change his mind. ) Thirdly, there was the example evasive. At an archdiaconal meeting in a small town in Wiltshire, the discussion at dinner turned upon fasting. It was a Friday, and he must confess that the dinner provided by the landlord of the inn, who was probably not a theologian, was both ample and succulent, including an haunch of venison, to which all had done justice. Several of the younger clergy maintained, whether from a tardy sentiment of remorse he could not say, the scriptural duty of fasting. This was indig nantly denied by an incumbent of the school of Mr. Kidd's. Hard pressed by various texts, and especially by the express words of S. Paul, from which there was no escape, he exclaimed, after a few moments of pain ful deliberation, "Paul was a young man when lie enjoined fasting, and probably became more scriptural afterwards."' Before re suming his seat, he would beg to offer his humble contribution toward the solution of the question proposed by Dr. Easy. It would certainly be sin and madness to deny the existence of God, but it would, he thought, be wrong to consider it heresy — at least in an Evangelical. He very much feared that in that particular section of their Church heresy was impossible, because heresy was only the "choice" of one's own religion, and the Low Church theory re quired every Protestant to make that choice deliberately for himself. Given the right which modern "liberty" conferred on every Protestant of gathering his own religion from the Bible, it would be unreasonable to call any man a sinner, and absurd to call hnn a heretic. A Christian, on the Low Church theory, could only be a heretic when he differed from himself, and persisted in wilful disobedience to his own opinions. Heresy, therefore, as far as they were con cerned, was a word that had lost all sense and meaning. A man might be a criminal in denying the existence of God, but he could not by any possibility be a heretic. The Low Church party had conferred this boon on Christian England — that it had ren dered heresy, which used to be the greatest of crimes, an absolute impossibility for any body to commit. Bu ti fhe must speak for himself on the question proposed by Dr. Easy, he had only to reply that the Fathers and the first four General Councils believed that there was a God, and that they were the safest guides on every point of Catholic belief. Dr. Candour demanded — "How should the poor know anything about the Fathers or the General Councils ?" Dean Primitive — ' 'Their clergy would in struct them." Dr. Candour — "But if their clergy dif fered ?" Dean Primitive — "The councils did not differ, nor the Fathers." Dr. Candour — "That might be true ; but certainly the clergy differed quite as much about the councils and the Fathers as they did about the Bible. So that, after all, it came to this — that the Puseyites' private reading of the records of the early Church was the same in principle "with Mr. Kidd's private reading of the Bible, with this ad vantage to the latter, that every one can read the Bible who can read at all, but not one person in a million can read the councils or the Fathers. Now, "salvation by scholar ship alone" was a theory which had its dis advantages on the score of its exclusiveness. Besides, it was a fact that many Anglicans, like Dr. Ives, an American Bishop, were converted to the Roman Church chiefly by study of the Fathers and councils. These converts argued that the ancient writers re- \- miirprl si. livincr intevnre+.er ennallv uri+ti Holy writ ; whereas the Puseyites affirmed I that every man was born a Sovereign Pon tiff to sit in judgment on the Holy Church ! Deans Blunt and Primitive had been severe on Mr. Kidds, he thought unjustly, on the ground that Bible Christianity was a cloak for private fancies and conceits ; but he would like to be informed since the Roman Church, the Greek Church, and every other Church, claimed to be the true and sole suc cessors of the early Church, where was the difference between the private reading of the Bible and the private reading of antiquity?" (Dean Primitive declining to continue the \- discussion, Convocation broke up into vari ous groups, and the sitting was temporarily suspended. Several reverend gentlemen produced sandwiches, or other temperate ; food, the consumption of which tended to \- allay excitement by impeding conversation. " Dean Pompous alone left the hall, as if clis- claiming equally the food and the discourse ; ; but as he was observed, on returning a few minutes later, to replace a gold toothpick in his waistcoat pocket, it was inferred that he had chosen to take his refreshment apart. When order and silence had at length been ' restored, the debate was resumed without any signs of diminished interest.) (To be continued .) " The following notice has been posted . at the Melbourne University : — The . vicechancellor (Mr. A. C. Brownless, \- M.D. ) offers a prize of twenty guineas for the best English essay on the "Death of Caesar." Open to all matriculated students of the University not of standing for the degree of Master of Arts. 