,; HOTEL CHARGES. ' '. , . ; (From the City Frew)7 Our- hotels are iar from perfect, and, their commonly unemployed state should suggest to their proprietors that the . hotel system might be nmcndod with advantage. In num berless towns frequented by holiday folk we mny now find fcbe hotels empty, or nearly so, and the lodging houses tnll. If you- ask tue hotel-keeper to explain how this occurs, he will sum up in. a word, by declaring that tho people who lodge anywhere but in hotels are 'snobs' and 'stingy.1! Whoever would listen to' the landlord's explanation must bear in mind that as an interested person he is possibly prejudiced and unfair. AH the world knows that there are comfortable lodging houses to be found, nnd that their charges nvernge one-lmlf or orie- third thnt of the hotels in the same towns for a similar scale of accomodation. . The difference between the two is resolved -in to this, that the hotel ninst charge moro than the boarding-house or make an end of it ; but tho lodging-house enn safely underbid tho hotel, nnd make a. fair profit of the business. Thenceforth the question opens and we must go into 'details. -? Now wo beg attention to': a quiet superficial view of tho subjoct. .The hotel flyBtotn is costly. ,It in cludes v a crowd of waiters, wearing white. ncckclotliR, who are contemptuous to modeat peoplo,- and mcasnro ont tlioir attentions nnd civilities to tho nnstomors nccording to their scale of living. Those who order grand din - rioi's and expensive wines nro carefully atten ded to; - those who live quietly, and do not consider themselves ordained for tho support of hotols solely, nro treated with ns much con-, tempt ns can bo bnznrrlsd without risk'. 6'fa breach of tho poare. Thus tho hotel ia not so so much adapted to tho necessities of tho community ns it is ndnpte-? to n fnnciful hypo thesis that tho community is bound to sup port '[ it through thick- nnd thin, nnd most 'gladly conform-to nil its nrllifioial regnlntions as arrinttor'of priviloge, the hotel determining for every ono who crosses its portals, what h'e or she shhll'ear,1 drink,;nrid bvoid. , ' ; One of; the rnost.:[Jrominent -of tlie many peoiilinrities^of:liotbirliving,i to which travel lers nre expected to conform, is' the 'wine list.' . The : bxperioriced' travollor knows that the wines are bnd, arid the prices extravagant, .brithe inrjst prdej arid pay for wines, whatever ? may' becprno of 'them nftorwnrds, under tbe irripnlse of a'convibtion that bis sole mission on the1 ORcasioii'is to, promote tho 'good of the horiso-'^ 'To put the ense in plain terms, hoteV customers- must, in too mnny instances, submit' to . be' 'poisoned and robbed^ or thoy must'submio -to ' be hustled, snubbed, and sneered at;' and their departure longed for, that Ihey will mako room for fools who will quietly conform arid bleed freely. In very ' few hotels' indeed shnll wo find a bottle of wine :really8Jiited Mo cheor the heart of man ?witli6nt''ruin:-'to;'.lu8!hetfd:.niid-''Btpmneb, at ft moderate ?'advance1' npon ? tbe'price'wine mer me'ohanlswbuld charge' for it.: The carefhl living soul who carefully avoids 'eighteen shilling sherry' at home mny make sure of tasting it onhis trnyelsj if he will but live at hotels and order sherry' at sixty or seventy shillings ] Tlio diiring'traveller who will call his landlord to account upon the subject will be informed thnt' that's where onr'profit is, sir,' and thenceforth will be scowled npon and as nearly hunted ont of the house as incivility, inattention, arid opeii disregard of his wishes mny be ndrtpted to the liunting-out process. Tho whole nffiiir is artificial ;. it is. founded on the hypothesis ; Unit the traveller exists solely to be tnken in and done for, and had best resign himself to his fate without question. ' r ./The nrtificinr system; once thoroughly grounded as nn institution, needs support by artificial means. ? Thence fpllows tontirig. for trade. 'Touting ;'— we have. said it, and wo feel for the readers whose nerves are shocked; In a very quiet, and very beautiful and very: dull wntering-place, we have seun four grand hotols tbat have been literally ompty since September, 1870, and nre, porhnps, doomed. . to continue empty for another year. Each hotel sends to tli9 neighbouring railway a two-horse omnibus four times a day,' nnd each two-horse omnibus goes and returns as empty as 'tbe' hotel it roprbse'iits. v As :; the '?' place is .crowded with' the customary. _ ' flys' and other kind of cbriveyancesj ii is riot for tho public' good that these 'omnibusses. prowl' about earning nothing-— they ' nre' simply tonting machines, arid the proprietors who charter them7 must rrinke their customers pay for them 'should . they 'ever Ugn in bo] ;Foforlu nnte as to have any customers. Nor is it' 'only for . tbe superflous omnibuses the guests- at .'the hotel must pny. There is the retinue of idle servants, eating much', and earning nothing.; There is thestuoid display of mock graridenr^ the liveried lackey who openH doors, and the ponderous waiter, weighing twenty stone, whose' white neckcloth demands the reverine of a 'smnll estate to keep it starched arid tied aright. ' It; is no wonder, or at ^ea'st 'sjiorild bo no wonder, that the grand hotels are empty, and the quiet lodging-housevS bywhiolVtbey nro snrronndorl are. full. T ?' The lodgers pos sibly have their laugh of the hotels,' arid ^cori-' elude that occasionally the world's ways are trodden by fools who pay n long price for the privilege of beiug uncomfortable. ' : One of the most serious objections to all hotels of the second class is the 'bar;' The grand hotel is happily destitute of this insti-' tution, arid thus it makes to mankind a grand compensation for some of it's enormities. It is the middle-class house, generally spehkingy that keeps a shnrp eye open for bar trade. The rosy sylph who ministers in the sung little rocoss, and is always careful to discour age spooning, has no; wicked intentions whatever. She is briglit-minded, wellcon ducted, agreeable in manner, arid virtuously shrewd. But, for all that, her ministry of spiritual consolntions is not blessed ; arid pro dent men Who havo gone through a career of travel and holol living always prefer a private lodging, even with some discomfort,' to, the house of ricepmodation which presents a temp tntion to drinking on its very threshold. The. bar, in itself, is- a legitimate and necessary in stitution, but mine host is apt io expand it nri duly,. nnd flnunt its attrnciidhs in'the fnce'of his guests as if talcjng'it for granted that they are frequenters of the gin-shop. We- have no doubt at all that the bar has, of late years, seriously damaged hotel interests,,' arid'. compelled the inoroase of ?? the tnnff J-toi all comers. Tt seems to' be clearly 'estab- lished that- hold pr6pbrties''Jare not eminently profitable. » The Serene Gyand (limited) may pay tremendous dividends, arid; hero and there the 'family hotel' may secare to its' lessee nri ample competence; but,' as almost everywhere hotels are always 'chang- ing hands,' we are bound to conclude that the: system is defoctive, and- needs adapting to the necessities of the travelling- public. : . Spectros on the Stage. — The old: way,- in . theatrical, representations, of making a living man play the ghost, as -is done -in 'Hamlet,' has always something absurd about it, and many ingenious. expedients have been resorted to, in order »to throw on the stage a filmy, shadowy figure, thatj moving naturally would better give the idea of a dis-^ embodied spirit. Perhaps the most ingenious of these is that introduced on the French stage by Robin. In this case an immense pinto, glass, highly polished, is placed in, froiit of '? the' stage, inoliniug outward at an angle' of forty-five degrees, and just on the edge of an opening in tlie floor. The actor who plays the ghost stands below, nearer tlie.nudi once, dressed in white, and facing the. roar of the thoatro. An operator then1 throws on. him tho light of a dork-lantern supplied with oxy hydrogen. Thoreflootion is at once thro wri on the polished glnss,' and appears behind it on tho stage, movirig as ho movp|, and disapi pears iti an instant when the light is out off, 