SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE. The annual meeting of the members of the Booth Australian Institute was held in the building on Wednesday evening. October [?] There was not a large attendance The chair wa< occupied by Mr. L. Clyde, M.P.. ia the ib^nce of Mr. N. Blyth, M.K, Chairman of the Koarl of Govemora. From the rcput, which ni taken as read, we extract the fol lowing : — "In ufeaenting to the membera of the Insti tute and tbe public their report of the pro ceeding* of the part year, the Board of Go vernor* feel that they may refrain fro-* repeaing tbe complaint* which have anfor tinUely formed so proaaneat a faatare ia their anaoal •tsteaMnts for tome yean. Toere baa eestainly been no nmrked iainrovmneni aa yet in the varicnu ma'ten affecting tbe Inati tat*, bat tberc appear* to be % areantct of improvement, which tbey tract will aot piove deloriTO The namber cf sabsnibm to the ?brary, aad the rircnlatian of books, remain nueh the same ae they have been for the Lut two or three yean. The attendance in the Reading-room aad Maaeom appears t? UKXcaoe, mare especially on the holiday!, when those department* of the lottiinte are open dariag the day; aad smeh addition has been mads to the ?brary as the reduced means of the Board would allow. The Government gnat for 1671 is the same amount aa that for 1870, vis., £1,000, bane; a redaction of £5 jO upon the grants of former yean. The Board earnestly hope to have the grant fora«xt ye«- restored to its former amount, vit, £LSOO, which ia, indeed, little enough, considering the importance of the objects to which it is derated. It will be remembered thU, at the bat annual meeting, after some dmeua-ian of the affairs of the Institute, more especially In regatd to the necessity for au enlargement of the building, a resolution w*s pused requesting the Board to call a public meeting in about tax months'time to agitate thit matter with a view to something definite being done in it. The general opinion heiug that |*etitiouing Parliament woald be a much better course to adopt, a peti tion «aa dia-wa an in which the pria eipal racts of the cue were sat forth. The petitions to the Legislative Council were signed by 4,194 persous; and those to the Uawv of Assembly by 1,753 person* ia Ade laide, and 2,241 |<eraous in the coantry. Sub sequently motions were bivnght forward in both Mouses of Parliament, affirming the neces sity for an enlargement of the building, aad requesting the Government to ascertain its pro bable cast, with a view to an amount being placed on the Estimates for 1872 to provide for the necesssiry expenditure. Tbe motion were passed without any eerioni opposition, and without a division, in both Hoases, the Govern ment giving a conditional bupport to them. It is to be hoped therefore that next year may see thig very necessary work aetuUly in progress. The evening elaswa have progressed much as utud daring the part year. The Board regret that no pnpils have offered them selves for the chemical classes, and that the classes in Latin and Greek have been ompsuded dating the last few week* on account of tbe serious ilinew of Mr. G. K. Irwine, which has resulted in ton resignation. The Board regiet to lose die services of one who has always proved himself to be a competent and pains taking instructor. Tbe daaaes which have kctaally been in operation daring the year are the following, viz. :— French and German—Mr. H. Nootnagel; latin, Greek, and English—Mr. G. K. Inrine ; Vocal Uaoc-Mr. H. F. Price ; Drawing, Painting, and Modelling—Mr. O. HiQ, under the snperintendenee of the South Aus tralian Society of Arts. The Eloevtion Society also has eon tinned to meet regularly dining the year. To these may be added, altko?gb not under tbe direct control of the Board, a cUsafor ladits on the iinglish language and literature, conducted by the Very Bev. Dean BameO. which has been attended by rnore than CO young ladies. The section was completed in September, and the Board have arranged for a coarse of lectures in ccatai?arion, vnder the saperintendence of Hiss Hinton, who is understood to be weD qualified for the tank. The attention of the Board has recently been draws to the inconvenience to which yoaths going from this colony to stady ardirine wader the aospicies of the Uoyal College of Sargeoas of England are subjected, through having to paw a martjcnlation examination there before they oa be •dmitted to panne their profes sional staffis*. It was pointed oat that the College would acknowledge a certificate granted by any recognised body in the colony that would mstuccte regular cuunaatfaa* oa bracing the course presented far the sranimti in question, and the Board have susailinilj taken steps to provide for this want. In doing this it has been thoaght desirable to extend the benefit of the examination! to all young persons of either sex who might be willing to avail tbtmwlna theimf. and they have accordingly submitted to the Government for e?Barms.tiea an addition to the Seheiole of Statutes and rales to provide for the institution of such nissiinslnai The Board have mnsh rieasuie in rrfwetim, the favorable report wbitfc they gave hat year of the country Institutoa. Fear Institutes have been -dEK**'-' daring th- past year, viz., TnrJee, Trans Norton's Snmnot, aad fSaam* Flat; and two Institutes have been dosed taring tbe same time. Of there oaecnraldealy be BBjsrasd as as an experiment; sad the closing of tbe other is mainly tbe revolt of aeeideataT caanes, which wiD probably not prevent its re- establish ment at a. future time. Tbe total answer of Institutes ia operation at tbeprenat time is 59\. Intheearly part of the yearacommHnica tion waa received from Mr. H. C McCklhoa, of hJmentoa, Northern Territory, intimating that a Book Club bad been founded there, of which he waa the Hon. Secretary, forwardingaresaittanoe to be expended in hooks and pcriodkab, sad ukiag for any assistance the Board aught be able to give; «fr. McCJlum added that it was hoped tiat this Book Clnb might, as the ■ettle meot progremsed, expand into anlastitatesimflsr to tbose in existence in the settled parts «f the colony. Theoooks*nd periodicals were procured sa requested, aad 69 volume* of books which could be spared were forwarded as a pi 1 mm, to getber with a numb* of parts at the lUvtnXei JTem, ««eot, and/>«(*, which bad been with drawn from circuUtion; by the kmdaea of the Commissioner of Crown Lands the Board were enabled to send the eases containing these books and perioduats by the ship Marie E uabeth free of charge. A parcel of periodicals in cMitiniutiou of the shove mmtitmri, has been sent lately by the ship Bengal. ItahoaU Dementimud that a stipulation was made with regard to the books—that in event of the dab being broken ap they should be handed over to the Government Besident, to be preserved for public use in the future. The limited aceoa modstuNi and restricted nuwns at the disposal of tbe Board have prevented them from attempt ing to make much addition to the Masecm daring the p«st year. A good many dnastions have, however, been received, and aome addi tions have been made by means of «r<*tnngca. The following are the principal statistics of the library Department of the Institute for the past year, with the corresponding figures for die previous one .-— 1870 7L ieO-70. Number of volumes eireaUtod during the year 48,315 49.959 Number of volumes in the library at the annual exami nation in May 16,232 15,681 Number of new rabtcriptioiis received during tbe year— Quarterly, 93; annual, 8 ... 101 110 Average number of sobacribeis throughout the year, as shown by tbe amount received for subscriptions 600 606 Tbe CHAIBHUJ moved tin anoption of the report. He referred to the prospect which there was now of tbe building being enlarged. The Government, he remarked, appeared disposed to xoeet them is *, liberal spirit. The Csommit moaer of Public Works had been over the building, and they had every reason to expect that the Government would place a line in the Estimate* to meet th«r wishes, and they had good reason to hope that tin House of Assembly would meet the Government in the same spirit, so they might fairly anticipate that an enlargement of the build ing would be carried out. Tbe enffifstiua having referenca to the Royal College of Sur geonj, mentioned in the report, was made by Canon Fair, and the Governors, considering it an excellent idea, had done all they could to forward it. Mr. C. Hill seconded the motion, which was carried. The proceedings then closed; after which a meeting of snbsulben to the library was held, Mr. C. Williajnt being voted to the chair. Mr. Bm proposed the re deetioitof Menn. L. (Hyde, M.P., vA f. H. Clark as Governors representing the anhsenbea to the library. The motion, having been seconded by Mr. OoTTBEIX, was carried, whereupoa Mr. Class: acknowledged the com pliment paid Me Gtyde and himself. He ex. pressed a hope that, in soy enlargement of the bnflding. incrmond accommodation would be afforded to the frequenters of the Reading room. The great desn-iMrora of a larger Beading-room had, he said, been pointed oat to the Commimioner of Public Works. On the motion of Mr. P. FnrjaMn-, eenondoH by Mr. J. Z. SmXaK, a vote of thanks was accorded to the officers. The motion was snaaimensly car ried, and Mr. Behhah returned thanks. A similar compliment to the Chairman terminated the proceedings. A man who pretended to have seen a ghost was asked whit the ghost aaid to him. *' How should I understand," replied the narrator, " what he Mia; I am not chilled in any of tbe d ?d languages." All aococ.-tb due to Jobs BaiuxTTm sjtd Co. to be paid in before the Ist November to Mr. Wm. BsUantyne, at Messrs. Robin and Btrks', whose receipt will be a -"•ifKil dis chirge.-Jno. BalUutyne t Co. dc J. M. Wssrrr, Jeweller, ft*, Baadfe-atreet, is now offering to the public die Entire stock of Watches and Jewellery of the late partnership of Uekert fc FfaeodUr. at 40 par oast, dmoeant. As ti? sale is bans, fide, intending paxahamn of Jewellery wiD find thai a rare opportunity of procuring any articles they may require at ex tremely low prioea. ctthc 