TOWN TATjK. , It appears that the banquet at Sandhurst, to which the Ministry is to be invited, is a settled affair; the arrangements are pro gressing, but we are not aware whether the day for holding it has been fixed. All parties are likely to be represented at it, and notably the formidable protectionist party. The Hon. the Chief Secretary has been communicated with, and has, on behalf of himself and his colleagues, signified the intention of the Ministry to attend. The Secretary of the Victorian "Woollen Cloth Company has thought fit to furnish the Ballarat Star with a copy of its half yearly balance-sheet, but has not extended that courtesy to ourselves. May we ask why ? It is an inversion of the usual order of things. We apprehend Mr Anderson has no authority for the adoption of this course. The. assembly ball which was held at Mack's Hotel last evening, was a most un qualified success, the arrangements made by Mr Asciie being so complete as to elicit marked approval. Among those present was Junkhecr or sous-Lieutenant Wergnu, of the Dutch man-of-war the Ctiracon. The captaiu and three other officers were expected, but were unavoidably absent, and left their young countryman to represent them. • His Honour Judge Pohlman will pass through Geelong on Monday, en route for Belfast, where for the first time he will preside at the Sessions. Things are not going well for the gentle men who are pulling the wires at Ballarat, in antagonism to Mr Walsh, The Mail, which councils his resignation thus laments the degeneracy of the day. Cannot our contemporary understand that the Liberals do not intend to throw over the Attorney General. Its Liberals "are but a small section of the Liberals of Ballarat Bast. We let the Mail speak for' itself:—" The meeting of the Loyal Liberal Association In Ballarat East, to make arrangement for opposing Mr Walsh, the Attorney General of the present Administration, when he comes before his constitu ents for re- election, was "a far from satisfactory one. The fact is the Liberal party is disorganised. t'Tis true, 'tis pity." that events have brought about a certain lukewarmness and apathy on politi cal matters that is far from healthy or wholesome. Differences and personal in-1 terests now combine to prevent anything like the unanimity of action that previously j signalised the Liberals in any political struggle, and their enemies triumph over them by reason of their weakness. No thing has shown more conclusively than last night's meeting the want of earnest ness and unanimity that prevails in the East." The respective merits of Wellington and Napoleon as military commanders formed the subject of an animated debate at the 1 meeting gf the Cstholis Young Men's Association on Friday evening. Mr Hogan opened the debate by drawing a compari son between- the two generals favourable to the "Iron Duke," and Mr Byrne fol lowed with an historical dissertation on tin exploits of Napoleon, whose tact as a gene ral was declared to he superior to that of his contemporary. A long discussion en sued, but the weight of opinion was in favour of Napoleon. The Newtown and Cbilwell Fire Bri gade, like that of Geelong proper, are in a happy state of impeeuniosity, and have determined, so we are informed, not to turn out at any fire unless their expenses shall have been previously guaranteed. After a very fine contest for supremacy Mr Husbands beat Mr Michie in the Me chanics' Institute draught tournament by only one game, two games being drawn. MrMiddleton and MrTempleton have not yet commenced their tourney, but it is believed that they will do so on Monday. The two till-robbers, Jones and Hopkins, who were sentenced by the Bench to un dergo two years and two years and three months' imprisonment respectively, about a week ago, wore escorted from the Geelong Gaol by a circuitous route along the beach to the railway station, on their way to Pentridge, on Friday morning, and were sent on to Melbourne by the first train. The Committee of the Eight Hours Labour League are convened to meet this evening at the Derby Arms Hotel. The half-yearly balance sheet of the Victorian Woollen Cloth Company has been | published. The capital paid-up, less calls due; amounts to £22,142, to which must be added £7,000, raised on debentures; bills payable, £5,529 8s 7d; promissory notes due to the bank, £4,500 ; and small debts, £749 0s 2d. The wear and tear account is £1,100 2s Id, and the balance of profit is set down at £4,049 os Id, making a total of £45,069 15s lid on the debit aide of the general balance-sheet. Against this there is building and machinery, £20,455 17» 3d; stock-in-trade, £15,805 Os Sd ; and debts owing to the company, £2,808 18s, or the same total as the debit side, £45,009 15s lid. The profit and loss account shows that during the half year £1,701 4s Oil has been added to it from the manufacturing account, and it now amounts to £4,810 10s, bnt there is charge able against this amount interest to the amount of £678 13s Id, and bad debts to the extent of £82 lis lOd, so that the actual profit" for the half-year has been £939 19s lOd, although there is in reality £4,049 5s Id to the'credit of the account. Great improvements have recently been effected by the Corio shire council on the road to the Stoney Creek reservoir. Dur ing the past three years four miles have been formed, metalled, and well-blinded with very good gravel. This gravel is obtained from Sutherland's Creek, and is chiefly composed of iron stone. It is vastly superior to anything that can be obtained uear Geelong, and it is a great pity a quantity of it could nut be brought down for the strec-ts of the town. This, however, would make it rather too ex pensive, as it is sixteen miles away, and to bring it by the railway would entail an equal expense. The Corio council hare only about three miles of the road to make but the Meredith council have done very little towards the.r portion of the road. It is to he hoped they wili not neglect it, as in summer time there will probably be a great deal of traffic on. the road, as hun dreds have expres.-cd a wish to see the reservoir and the works at Stoney Creek. The Town Council are. evidently desir ous of proceeding as rapidly as possible with the flagging of the footpaths. ~ Ten ders for the supply of a large quantity of bluestone flagging are invited, and will be received at the Town Hall up to Thursday next. 'L'he bull which made the savage attack oa Mounted-constabie Forbes at a sale yard at Mount Moriae has received its quietus. Together with a large quantity of grazing land in the neighborhood it was purchased by Dr. Stoddart. Allowed its liberty the animal was not long in showing its vicious propensities, for one day it chased a servant, who, although an enter prising Irishman not lacking courses, had •to seek refuge among the branches > f a tree, where he remained for three hours while the hull kept sentry beneath. A few days ago '• Paddy" again met his enemy, and had to seek safety in lligkt—this time in the parlor of the house. The proprietor thought it was time to despatch the infuri ated animal that stormed even his premises, but unluckily, in the excitement of the moment, missed the bull and shot a fine heifer. The next aim, however, was more successful, and the bull was despatched. A public meeting in aid of the Wesieyan Methodist Home Mis-ion and Contingent Fund Society will take place at the Yarra street Church on Monday evening, when addresses will be delivered by the ministers of the local circuits. There has been a great falling off in the exportation of fish to Ballarat during the past fortnight. The daily average has been two or three baskets, where formerly it used to be eighty. This is attributed by fishermen to the easterly winds which have prevailed for so long a time, and which have caused the fish to migrate to Port Albert and elsewhere. It is to be hoped the westerly gales will bring them back to these shores. That they will come in close enough to be caught is doubtful, ub the weather is too cold, and they will probably prefer to keep to the deep water. Mr Tobias informs us that he has not received a single fish from the St. Leonard's fishing station during .the past fortuight, and it would appear the " finny tribe" are equally scarce in Corio Bay, as Mr llofiey states that one boat came in on Friday morning with four ilatheads as the result of the netting overnight. The anniversary of the Loyal Orange Lodges is to be celebrated on Wednesday next by a soiree and ball at Soul bey's Assembly-rooms, Yarra-strcet. A court for the revision of the burgess list for the borough of Quecnscliffe will be held at the Council Chambers, Quecnscliffe, on the 18th inst. The Australian Bellringers, having been detained in Gcelong a week longer than they intended, will leave for Launceston on Monday. It appears that they made preparations for their departuie by the Tamar, which was advertised to sail immediately on the arrival of the English mail steamer. The first news of the latter being in sight was telegraphed on Sunday morning, and before the troupe could reach Melbourne the Tamar had sailed for the purpose of meeting the mail steamer at the Head3. In the meantime iheir agent posted notices that they would perform in Laun ceston on Wednesday, an engagement which, of course, has had to be postponed for a week; A few small debt cases, which were Speedily disposed of, constituted the only business at the South Barwon Police Court' on Friday. Ayoung man, of a stubborn and forbid- | ding appearance, named Thomas Mahony, appeared before the bench, on Friday; to answer a complaint made by a widow, named Margaret Johnstone, residing at Ivildare. Mahony had been summoned to attend- the Police Court on Wednesday but did not present himself, and the bench issued a warrant for contempt of court. The complainant repeated the statement she had previously made, to the effect, that about 3 o'clock on the morning ot the 30th June, she was awoke by Mahony, asking lodgings at her house ; and that on being refused admission, he threw a numoer of stones at the windows, breaking four panes of glass. As the defendant denied having been on the premises, a witness named Thomas ITewell, was placed in the box, and swore positively that' Mahony was the person who committed tlio damage. Uewell likewise asserted, that on the morn ing of Wednesday, the defendant's mother came to him, and offered to pay for the' breakage, if the complaint was withdrawn. Mahony, in bis defence, called two little boys to prove that they saw him leave the Kildare school—where there was an entertainment — and go home 011 the previous evening. Sergeant Morton stated | that Mahony had been previously fined by the bench for a similar offence. The bench 1 remarked that as the defendant failed to1 account for himself at the time when the •!nnv*2e was done, they considered the case against him was proven, and inflicted a fine of 20*, with 4s damages, and 20s costs, in default, 14 days imprisonment. The May of, Messrs Pantou, P. M., Belcher, and Kcrnot, were on the bench. At the Central Police, on Friday, a rag dealer named Benjamin Grogan, summoned his wife, Catherine Grogan, for an unlaw ful assault. He stated that on Sunday morning, being anxious to learn the news by the mail, he went to the nearest hotel —the Duke of Edinburgh—for the purpose of borrowing an Extraordinary. He had scarcely entered the premises, when he was met by his wife, who made a most ferocious attack, striking him on his head with a bell and a purtion of a chair. Thomas Pembroke, the landlord of the hotel, des cribed the assault. The complainant had just entered the place, and got the paper, when Mrs Grogan arrived on the scene " screeching and roaring," and taking up a bell from the table, made a " pelt ' at her husband, following it up by sundry blows with the " rib" of a chair. This witness having completed his evidence, addressed the complainant from the witness box with great earnestness. "How Grogan, will yon say that you had a drop of drink on Sunday in my house," and in reply to the bench emphatically denied having served any liquor on that day. The defendant, with such rapid utterance as to lie scarcely intelligible, alleged that she was a badly used woman, and that while she was indus trious and frugal, Grogan was a spend thrift, and dissipated the proceeds of she rag business at the Duke of Edinburgh and other hotels.' She would gladly live apart from him if ho would only contribute sufficient for her maintenance. 1 he bench seemed puzzled by her volubility, and tbe Mayor remarked that if her husband aban cloned His Home occasionally, he hail good reason for doing so 'l'be complaint would be dismissed this time, but the defendant was warned that if she appeared again be fore the court for similar misconduct, she would be bound over to keep the peace, and in the event of not finding sureties, sent to gaol. It would be well, however, if (hey could come to some understanding, and live apart. 'l'be complainant—'• I will be glad, your worships, to give her 10s a week to keep away " Mrs Grogan—" I won't take has than 20s per week." The Mayor, to complainant—" How much do you earn." . Complainant—" 30s per week, and out of that I have to pay rent." The Mayor—" If that is all your profits, you had better give up the rag trade and get employment." Mrs Grogan—"It's not true . he makes £10 a week, and G rogan you know it." Complainant—" She takes all my money; not many weeks ago I found £30 in her pocket." Mrs Grogan— " Oh, Grogan, how dare you say so !" Coustable O'Brien—" Whisht, Mrs Gro gan." Defendant—"Sure, and you know all about it too." The Bench—" Cannot you make some terms?" Complainant— "I'll allow her 12s fid, and pay it every week into court to get rid of her." The Mayor to defendant—" Will you take 15s a week ?" Complainant—" I cannot afford it." The Mayor—" Then, we dismisss the case." In vain the complainant ottered to pay his first week's allowance into court, and husband and wife, mutually dissatisfied, took their departure. The quoit match that is to be played this afternoon, on the Crown Hotel ground, between sis of the leading players of the club, has been looked forward to with no small amount of interest by quoit players during the week, and it is expected to be a c'osely-eontested affair. The champion. Mr Kiug, is said to be in fine form, if so the game played by Mr M'Mulion and himself will be well worth seeing. One ot the largest sales of fruit trees ever held in this district was that by Mr Howell, at St. James' vineyard, on Thurs day. Messrs Weber Bros, have become so noted for their young trees that purchasers came from all parts to secure a stock for their orchards, and were hospitably regaled at a substantial luncheon by Mr Jacob Weber. The sale commenced at 1 o'clock, and lasted until dusk, and the prices I realised Tor trees, although not Very high, were higher than obtained every week in the sale-yards. There were 420 lots, of 6 trees each, and there was not a variety.of fruit that was not more or less represented. The prices ran from 2d to Is 5d per lot, the latter being obtained for vigorous young apple aud cherry-plum trees. This was far better than burning them, which Mr Weber would have bad to do if they had not been sold, as he wanted the room. A few hogsheads of young wines were also submitted for sale, when 12 hogsheads of Chasselas fetched Is Od per gallon, a quarter-cask of red wine, Is 3d. and 5 hogsheads of Hermitage were sold at Is 9 J per gallon. These appear to be very low prices for such wines.as Mr Weber's, but it must be remembered they will have to he kept for two or three years before they will be at their best, and in these dull times few can aftbrd to have money lying idle. Inebriates occasionally choose strange resting places. Last evening a woman was found deposited in the channel, in front of the Savings' Bank. She was sound asleep with her head resting on the edge of the footpath, when her slumbers were inter rupted by a constable, and she was con veyed to the watch- house. The West-end Football Club will meet for practice at Drumcondra, to-day, when it is expected there will be an exciting match, should the weather prove favour able;. About 2 o'clock on Friday alternoon a miner named John Ivory was working in a cutting not far from the shaft in the claim of the Black Hill Company, Ball.a rat, when a mass of earth fell in from jome cause at present unaccounted for, and literally buried bim alive. At a quarter-past 3 o'clock relief gangs of workmen were making the most strenuous for the reco very of the man or his remains. Just as the Mail was going to press it heard that the hody had been recovered. The Amateur Ethiopian entertainment which was announced for the 28th instant, in aid of the funds of the Fire Brigade, will be given on the 27th instant, private engagements preventing members of the troupe from doing duty on the first-men tioned date. Captain Bowier, of the Curacoa, and Mr PIoos von Amstcl, Consul-General for the Netherlands, paid a flying visit to Ballarat oa Friday, returning to Melbourne by the evening train. They were escorted by Mr W. C. Smith, M.L.A., to the claim of the Winter's Freehold Company, the works of which they inspected above and below, and were afterwards shown round the city and neighbourhood ; the visitors expressed themselves surprised and delighted at what they saw, and regretted their inability to remain longer in Ballarat. ■mis is what the liallarat Star says with regard to the proposed opposition to the Attorney-General:—It seeins that there 13 some serious thought of opposing the new Attorney-General, Mr YVulsh, in Ballnrat East. There are, of course, always a number of busy-bodies who scent the pay afar off, and who desire a contest merely for the chance that they may get something out of it. For example, Mr Dyte is, we are sure, ready to oppose everybody. His remarkable love for his country and respect for liallarat East, as shown by his past career, will, wa are persuaded, commend him to the electors. Narrow escapes appear to have been the order of the day at Sandhurst on Thursday. The Bendigo Advertiser opens (he bail: — As a light goods train was proceeding in the direction of Melbourne from the Sand hurst station, and when near the three arch bridge it bad to slacken speed in conse quence of the approach of another train. Un doing so, the engine-driver perceived what appeared to be the body of a man lying across, the -rails at some distance, directly, in ftont of the train. He then stopped the engine, and proceeded along the line towards the object, and on reach ing it he found it to be a man in a helpless state of intoxication, who was found to have a considerable sum of money about liim. On being aroused he was unable to give any account of himself, but said if he had done any damage he had plenty of monej' with which to pay the blessed , GQYMamsat. I; a swt pmidsatiftl occurrence for him that a short delay took place- in the progress of the train, during which lime ■ eyas given for examining the line, :is in all probability it would otherwise have been too close to avoid running over him. The next is a contribution from the Independent:—At the starting of the Great Brit:.in Company's machinery a little boy had a very narrow escape from iustaut death. Just when the ceremony of ehri: toning the engine had been per forni?d, and the signal for starting the engine was given, he contrived to fail through a hole cot in the flooring of the engine-room to give play to a ponderous bunn:. Ho was drugged out just as the beam began to move ; another instant and adreadlul catastrophe would have occurred. The Age has been iuformed that the 'Ministry contemplates issuing at au early date penny postal cards, similar to those already in existence iu England. The card:; have already been prepared,' and are very neat specimens of lithographic art. An inquiry into the cause of the strand ing of the schooner Caroline, which went ashore at Belfast in a heavy squall on the 20th of last month, was held before the Pilot Board on Thursday. The Argtn says that the stranding of the vessel was caused by stress of weather, and that there ■wus no blame attached to the master. The Creswiclc Advertiser notes a most miraculous escape from instantaneous death. It appears a lad named John Watson, in the employ of Mr Dnrnso, draper, when coming into Creswick, on the Long Point road, was in the act of mounting the heavy waggon, when he slipped nod fell under neath, the wheel passing fairly over his body. Dr. Lindsay war soon in attend ance, and examined the sufferer, but, strauge to sty, no rupture had taken place, and it was thought no serious results would ensue. A requisition signed by a number of the inhabitants of Talbot, has been presented to His Worship the Mayor, asking the convention of a public meeting of the bur gesses " to express their opinion on the policy of the present Government," at the Borough Hall, this evening. The mayor (says the Talbot Leader) has signilied his compliance. Is litis really a fact, or is the Mary borough Advertiser poking fun at "its readers ' Our contemporary says: — A rather dangerous experiment has been in dulged in by n servant girl limned Mary Ann Kllis, in the employ of Mr \V. H. Karl, fruiterer, of Maryborough. Site appears to have been lilling a lamp with kerosene, and having put in too much of it, to have swallowed a draught of the liquid out of the globe by way of reducing the quan tity. The dose was probably about two or three table spoonsfuls, which had the immediate effect of producing an alarming commotion in the region of the stomach. Medical advice was at once sought, and correctives in the shape of olive oil and boiled milk administered. She was .sub sequently taken to the hospital iu a vuy uneasy state, hut fortunately no seriutis results are anticipated. The Argus alluded a day or two ago to the disappearance from home of a lady who was believed to be suite ring from serious mental tie pros-ion, and who left her home on Monday afternoon. It was then men tioned that it was likely that she had gone to Brigh.nn 15. .ah, and that she took with her a volume or Gordou's poems—Hush Ballads and Galloping Rhjmies. It appears that she is still absent from home, and that all the searches that have been made have iaiUd to discover her. The only traces of her that have been found are her gl.ivus, which were picked up in the scrub near the Retreat Hotel, at Brighton, and the fact that she was seen walking along reading a hook aloud, apparently the hook of Gordon's poems. It was also discovered that she left town by the 4.11 p .in. train on Monday, and got out at Middle Brighton station. This is nil that lias up to the present time been ascertained respecting her. With a view of as much as possible aiding the search, we give the description of the miss ing lady: — 'She is about -22 years of age, slight ercet figure, brown eyes and hair, regular features. She wore a blue rep dresq with black trimmings, a tight-fitting black velvet jacket, dark hat and black feather." Any information about her will he gladly received by Mr Charles A. Boole, Bayview-tcrrace, Roden-street, Horth Melbourne. Between 12 anil 1 o'clock on Sunday morning last, says the Dtiylcsford Mercury, Manns Gallagher, of Russell's Creek, was found in a dying state on the ground out side the Fanners' Rest Hotel, top of Fairy strce',. lie v.as first observed by John Keue, a seaman, and John Richards, who knocked at the hotel door, calling out that a man was outside dying, but the landlord, James Farrell, refused to open the door. , Farrell in his evidence, said:—"I heard some one knocking about outside the house; somebody rapped at the door, and cried oat that a man was dying. I said they might go to the devil, and that I did not care if they were all dead. I thought it was only some fellows wanting some drink, and I was determined not to serve them." Re pulsed at the Farmers' Rest, ICene and Richards went to the next nearest hotel, the Olive Branch, and there they found even at one o'clock on Sunday morning two kind sonls, Maurice Carey and James Dywer, who went to the rescue, but by that time Gallagher was dead. Being re cognised, and the police appearing, the landlord of the Farmers' Rest took in the body. Dr Jataiesan made a post mortem examination, and deposed that death re sulted from liver disease, brought on by excessive drinking, death being accelerated by exposure to cold. A welcome riddauce. The last of the Ballarat cafes expired on Thursday (says the Ballarat Courier). Its death was sud den and unexpected, but regretted ouly by few, although it was cut off in the bloom of youth. Some eighteen months ngo it commenced its career as the Cafe Tunpw, and soon became to the police an object of the most tender solicitude. It was ccr- - tainly watched, and honored on several occasions by the most conspicuous position in the Police Court, but without in the slightest degree affecting either its modesty or its character. Raid after raid was made upon it as upon a haunt of thieves and prostitutes, until the larger circle of hank clerks, drapers' assistants, and tliimblc riggers, who constituted its chief patrons, ceased to flock to it, and it robed itself in the garb of the G'antinc des Vivamliores. Under that name it lingered for a time; but. an unsympathising bench having for letted tue license, and an appeal to the higher court proving unsuccessful, the un timely decease we have mentioned took place. The announcement was received with weeping and wailing by all its female dependents, who formed themselves into a little band of chief mourners, and the cortege moved off. Tile putting up of the shutters cuucludod the eercmonv. The S. A. Advertiser gives the follow ing aceoant of the murder of the bailiff m the Hundred of Caroline:—" He had dis trained, and was taking away the offender s i horse, cart, &o.; The body was found on Snndny, July 2, 27 yards from the road, ! with two gunshot wounds, one on the right I temple and one under the right armpit, about four: miles on the road from Black wood Fiat towards Mount Gambicr. i Description of offender—Age 35, about 5 feet 4 or 5 inches high, receding forehead, blue or- grey eyes, broad features, iollg black hair and beard. Ho said he its' going to give himself up, and started in the direction of Mount Gambier. The offender's brother committed suicide about ^ ' three weeks ngo at Port Augusta. Jung h has [been 18 years iu the colony. He wa married at Luke Wallace, where he is well « > kuowu and had frieuds. Deceased was ■ formerly a police constable." jsfe'. It is our (Mount Gambier Standard) painful duty to recoril the occurrence of a {._ most melancholy fatal accident. The vie tim in this case was a youth named John .Manhood, whose father is a fanner on the P j! German Flat. On Thursda}*,"the deceased with several others, was out kangarooing, r; and whilst leaning on his gun, waiting for I a shot, the weapon slipped from the stump g it rested on and exploded. The charge of ||g , Bhot entered just below the ribs on the right side, penetrating into the chest, mat IDS S| Isifiwe ytwnA w its p?5i>s<;( Aw ■ tiling cut to an aboriginal who was near it hand, ' Oh, Tom, I've shot myself," leceased ivnlketl a lew yards, and then (ell lown. lie was speedily attended to, and is injuries were tound to be so serious thai LS conveyed to the Mount Gaiabitr iospital in the evening of the same day. AiVer lingering throughout the night, the ' -uil'erer died about daylight, medical skill having proved unavailing. The head of the Public Works depart ment, in India, and the staunch and sucecss [fully udvocate of the 3 feet 3 inch railway [gauge, Colonel Strachey, has received till [thanks of the Government of India for his [valuable services in India during a long [series of yesrs. After enumerating various [special services, the order of the Govern ment which conveys these thanks says, Colonel Strccbey's services have been to [conspicuous, his "ability so rare, and his Wdeparture from India is such a loss to the " *v olic service, that the Governor General jn Council feels it proper to record his acknowledgments of these services in the form of a Resolution of the Government to he published iu the Gazette of India." His excellency in Council trusts that C'olouel .Strackcy's talents and experience I may still in some fitting manner he made available to the interests of India. Our (Rallarat Star's) local correspondent ■writes:—" For some time past strange stories have been related of an apparition said to he seen in an nninhabited house at Durnt Bridge. Some of our spirited young men at Lai Lai boldly volunteered to ascertain the truth of the existence of the ghost by seeking an inter view. Having secured a Crimean veteran, Charlie Laird, for their leader, a squad of Id paid a nocturnal visit to the scene, dis tant about five miles. At intervals the spectre made its appearauce as was its wont, enveloped in white, and carried a light that shone with uncommon bril liancy ; and from the house issued a noise like that produced by wheeling a barrow up and down a stair. .My informant, the leader of tbe adventurous party, states that lie was completely paralysed from what he saw—his legs trembled and his hair stood on end. So convinced is he that all he saw and heard was unearthly, that, to use his own words, he would rather face charged mitrailleuse iu the hands of an enemy than enter the chamber in which the spectre was seen. I hear that two deaths under peculiar circumstances—one a case of self-destruction—took place in the hauuted building, and that the bodies are interred in the field adjoining." p5,We notice by the European .Mail that Miss Caroline Birch Dutton, daughter of Mr Dutton, Agent-General for South Australia, has carried off the highest honour in the recent general examination for women iu counection with the Uni versity of London. The London correspondent of the S. A. Register writes:—As the end draws near, there arc signs of the revival of the Im perialist cause both in the Army and Rational Assembly at Versailles—tbe re spective claims of the Legitimists and Orleauists being apparently irrcconciieable, and the moderate Republicans losing ground. Though M. Thiers is still s:ed fastly supported for the time being, and the Assembly has decreed that his house shall be rebuilt at the expense of the State, the Left want to elect him as chief of the Executive for two years, but the Assembly has shelved a proposal to proclaim a perma nent Republican Government. The Paris newspapers have long articles on what they call "the.great Rouapartist conspiracy of St. Germain." They assert that .Marshal Razaine is at St. Germain or in the neigh borhood, surrounded by a numerous stuff, ready to execute a coup il' ctat against the Rational Assembly when the moment has come. It is said that this staff can reckon on 25,000 of the best troops of the anny as entirely devoted to Rapoleon and his dynasty. Mr Duncan Scott, noted for his energy in following up dccoits who infest British Burmah, has died under very tragical cir cumstances. The following are given as the facts of the occurrence. Mr Scott proceeded to the hiding-place of a notori ous dacoit, Myatiia, and with one peon entered the house, ordering his other fol lowers to surround the premises. The dacoit on seeing Mr Scott enter made a cut at him with his <//<«, to which Mr Scott replied with a bullet from his revolver. The dacoit then made another cut, rushed in at Mr Scott and closed with him, both men rolling in the struggle out of the door and down on to the ground—a fall of four feet. The peons now tired their muskets, and Mr Scott was shot through the hack, lie died next morning. A letter written at Frankfort on the 19th April, states that quite a sensation was caused in that town by the action of a Frenchman supposed to be insane. This man went into 31. de Rothschild's office and demanded four, millions of money. If these were refused he said a secret society would blow up the town, commencing with the bank. At the same moment a bomb shell burst which broke windows, doors, and tables. Several persons were killed, the Frenchman was arrested,and several un exploded shells were afterwards discovered. Mr Henry Taylor, of Truro, has taken to the office of the S. A. Advertiser a sam ple of marble which has been found on Messrs Ingles and Moody's land, about nine miles north of Kapunda. He has shown it to two or three Adelaide stone cutters, who pronounce it to be the finest sample of colonial marble which they have seen. Mr Macleay, who is a most pertinacious advocate for horse-power railroads has made one more attempt to get the Few South "Wales Assembly to vote for them. He insists that for £1000 per mile, iron roads for horse traction could be laid along all the main roads of the colony and that their annual cost for repair would not ex ceed £3 or £4 per mile. Fearly all the engineers, however, stoutly contradict those figures. The best way to set the question at rest would be to make an experimental line, but this the Government has never had the courage to attempt. The following letter appears in the Pioneer of India:—Dear Sir,—Will you kindly allow me to inform your correspon dent "A Sufferer" through tie medium of your journal how carbolic acid is used in the treatment of leprosy. Let uie refer him to an article " On the Curability of Leprosy," by Dr. J. 31. Fleming, Civil Surgeon of Ivbundwa, page o3, in the March number of the "Indian .Medical Gazette,"—" to have his body thoroughly washed daily with soap and warm water, and to apply night and morning a mixture of carbolic acid one drachm to oil seven drachms." These are Dr. Fleming's own words. The municipal elections which bare been taking place in France under the recent law passed by the National Assembly v-ill strengthen the hands of M. Thiers. The former obieials of the Umpire stood little chance, and the moderate Republicans were in general returned—many of the deputies of the Assembly who stood being rejected. The Bight in the Versailles Assembly wish, it 'is suid, to overthrow hi. Thiers. The Orleanists support Chaugarnier, and the Bonapartists Alae JIalion. The Left intends to consolidate the Bepu'ulic by proposing H. Thiers as chief of the .Executive for two years. I'atji'f.hiSii.—The number of persons in receipt of relief from the rates in -England and Wales at the end of the Christmas quarter of 1870 was 998,010, being 11 per cent more tban at the corresponding dntp in 18GS, but 2 per cent less than in 1889. The return for the last day of the last week or December, 1870, shows as compared with the corresponding- period of I860, a decrease of 3 b per cent in the Metropolitan district, of 2 9 per cent in the West- Maitland divi sion, of 0 0 per cent in the Welsh, of 12 4 per cent in the North-Western, of 4-0 per eent in the Northern, and of 1-5 per cent in Yorkshire; and an increase of 2-2 per cent in-the South-Eastern division, 1*9 per cent in the South-Midland, 2 0 per cent in the Eastern, 0'8 per cent in the South-Western, and 01 per ctnt in the North-Midland. The improvement, therefore, has been in Loudon, Wales, and the north of England, most of all in tho division comprising Lan cashire and Cheshire. These returns do not include lunatic paupers in asylums nor vagrants, which two classes form about 3-3 J'QV itoijthe total pnuperiam.— 