THE ATHANASIAN CREED.— No. I. To the Editor of the Church of England Messenger. Sib — Had your correspondent, ' Vindex,' studied the history, com position, and doctrines of the so-called 'Creed of St. Athanasius,' he would. not have written the letter which appeared in the last number of the Messenger; and had he been better acquainted with the opinions and feelings of the clergy generally, and of earnest Christian men amongst the laity, he would not have committed himself to the groundless assertion, that in defending the infallibility of this 'confession of the Christian faith' he was only 'expressing the feeling of a very large number of the members of the church, who would rather give %p the whole of the Liturgij than this creed.' I, as an 'evangelical' clergyman, agree with you, and would be CJtvjeeuiiigiy guwi 11 inn so-uaiieu weeu uj. oi-, ^vbuiauttoiuo wcic excluded from our services ;' for I maintain, in opposition to 'Vindex,' that it does not 'date back some 1500 years ;' that whether the 8th Article declares it or not, there are doctrines in this creed which cannot 'be proved by most certain warrant of holy Scripture;' that these are not the 'doctrines of the gospel;' that they were not 'the doctrines of the primitive church;' and that the best evidence that creeds are not ' absolutely necessary (or in any way effectual) for preserving the faith of the church against the growth of heresy,' is the fact which stares us in the face, that almost every form and phase of religious opinion, from pure infidelity to pure Eomanism, is held and considered lawful by clergymen of the 'comprehensive' Church of England, which possesses theeb creeds, and of which 'Vindex' is so ardent a member. Since your correspondent has thus thrown down the gauntlet on behalf of the Athanasian Creed ; and since at the present time the attention of the public in England is being directed, by earnest and able writers of various schools of religious thought, to the expediency of expunging this creed from our Book of Common Prayer, or at least of discontinuing its use in our public services, in deference to a very general feeling of pain and repugnance which its recital in our churches inspires in the minds of earnest Christians, lay and clerical, in the present day — a short account of its history and peculiar characteristics may not be unac ceptable to your readers. The author of this ancient confession of faith is unknown ; but that it was not Athanasius, to whom it was for so many centuries attributed, is now universally admitted. How the celebrated name of the great Eastern father came to be at tached to it is, and probably always will be, a mystery ; but through the influence of that distinguished name it found its way into the Western Church in the eighth century, and has been used in the public services of at least one of her branches — i.e., the Anglican — ever since, notwithstanding its spurious authorship has been long exposed. The first person who questioned the genuineness of this creed was Gerard Voss, in 1642 ; after him Jeremy Taylor, in 1647 ; and Subsequently the revisers of the Prayer-book, in 1662, who described it as that confession ' commonly called the creed of St. Athanasius.' Quesnel ascribes it to Virgilius of Thapsus, in Africa, A.D. 484 ; Water land to Hilary of Aries, A.D. 429 ; Mr. Harvey to Victricius, Bishop of Eon en, A.D. 401 ; and Mr. Foulkes to the age of Clovis in the sixth, or of Charlemagne in the eighth, century. This latter date is pro bably the correct one, since we have no record of its existence or appearance in the church prior to that time ; and it is somewhat remarkable, as confirmatory of this view of its later origin, that the Emperor Charlemagne, in his own paraphrase of the apostle's creed, uses almost identically the same words as the unknown author of this creed — ' This is the Catholic faith, which every one keeping whole and undefiled shall have everlasting life.' If, therefore, we assume that it was written in or about the reign of Charlemagne, who died A.D. 814, it must have appeared at least 400 years after the death of Athanasins, which took place A.D. 373. In the words of an able reviewer — ' The history of the reception of the creed of St. Athanasius is like the parallel history of the reception of the Pope's infallibility — ' gangrened with imposture ;' not conscious fraud, not wilful imposture, it may be — but still leaving it so destitute of his torical foundation as to render doubly imperative the duty of testing its claims to authority by its own intrinsic merits.' This creed has . not been very generally received by the Greek or Eastern Church, and is seldom or never used in her services j and when it is, she studiously omits the clause which maintains the filioquc, or double procession, of the Holy Ghost — a doctrine which the Easterns have always repudiated, and which was the principal cause of then.1 separation from the Western or Latin Church. There can be little doubt that the chief object of the promulgation of this creed in the seventh or eighth century was to condemn the Greek Church for their supposed heresy in rejecting the ' filioque ;' and when the Greeks were taunted by the Latins with the creed being the work of St. Athan asius, who was their greatest bishop and authority, we are told by Gibbon, quoting Gennadius, patriarch of Constantinople, that 'they were not ashamed to say that the holy Athanasius was dnmlt, and when he was writing this ' heresy,' full of new wine!!!' Joyfully then the Greek Church hailed the discovery in the seventeenth century that this famous creed, which contained a doctrine so repug nant to their faith, was not the work of the celebrated Athanasius, Bishop of Alexandria, after all, but of some unknown Western, who lived at a much later date. This creed is an ancient theological poem, in which the most abstruse metaphysical dogmas are set to music. It is a triumphant ' war-song ' of the Western Church — an exultant p^ean of victory over all her heretical enemies, against whom she thunders out her anathemas. It has been described as ' a combination of the Nicene creed with the Te Deum ;' and in the Prayer-book it is not only called ' a confession of the Christian faith,' but also the ' Psalm Qwlcunque vult;' hence the rubric directs that it shall be ' sung or said,' not ' said or sung;' and the advantage gained by singing and not saying it in our churches is obvious, inasmuch as the volume of music (which ought to be full and loud to correspond with its fierce and warlike character) drowns the harshness and uncharitableness of its curses, which thus lose much of their force and meaning. It is the peculiar literary composition of this creed, by which the driest theological propositions are conveyed in rhyme, with its manifold antitheses of ' three ' and ' one,' which leaves an impression on the minds of many persons that it is little more than a series of contra dictions, confusions, and enigmas ; hence it has been spoken of as a creed ' where the clerk immediately contradicts what the clergyman has said ;' or ' where the clergyman and the people quarrel all the way through;' but this is not observable when the words are sung, since their meaning is lost in the sound of the music. One of the most obvious and most important objections to the use of this warlike creed in our churches, is the false notions or doctrines respecting the nature and being of God, which in its English dress it unequivocally teaches. The word translated ' incomprehensible' is in the original ' immensus,' which means ' unmeasured,' ' not confined to any particular place,' 'everywhere present,' 'omni- present.' Most people on hearing or reading the clause, ' The Father is incomprehensible, the feon incomprehensible, and the Holy Ghost incomprehensible,' if they think at all, will understand it to mean that the doctrine of the Trinity in Unity is ' incomprehensible,' or unintelligible; and this may be so to them, but certainly it was not so to the author of this creed, to whom the doctrine, as he here lays it down, was perfectly intelligible and comprehensible. This word then is deceiving and misleading, both to pastors and people. The article properly reads thus — 'The Father is omnipresent, the Son omnipresent' &c.; It is a mere truism to say that God is 'incom- prehensible ' to us, and we require no article of a creed to teach us this ; but that He is omnipresent is a doctrine of revealed religion, and therefore has its fitting place in a confession of faith. The mistake probably arose from the fact that the English translation was made by our reformers from a Greek copy, which they, believing that Athanasius was the author, supposed to be an original, and which had rendered ' immensus ' by aKaTaXyirros — literally, ' incom prehensible.' But there are two other words in this creed which have led to far greater errors than 'incomprehensible:' I refer to those translated in English ' substance' and ' person ;' but since I have already written as much as I think I ought to ask you to insert in one issue of your paper, I will, with your permission, continue the subject in your pages next month. — I remain, sir, your obedient servant, ? Quibintts. 