MRS LAURA. FAIR, The Ban Francisco cirrespondent of a Brisbane paper, thus summariees the career of this moet notorious woman :-The trial ofthe celebrated Laura D. Fair, with about twelve aliases, for the shooting and killing of A GOrittendon, Esq., a lawyer of high standing and g d family, whom I. have mentioned in my previous co lespondonee to you, occup:od the minds not on y.of the judgA, the jury and the law. yers who contested and defended the oase, but the peaople of the whole Union Iall were anxious to see the end of this trial, unprecedented in the length of time it tosk-namely, twenty six days: During this time the jury were virtually prisera ; they were not allowed to separate day or night; tbha were escorted to their. hotel by a deputy hoerifc, com, polled to sleep in the one room, estat the one table go to. church together, theatres, &8,., visit their respective families by twelves All this inconvenienca has been forced upon them, in order that justice may not be defeated of its dues. The prisoner appeared in court each morning in deep mourning, having been better treated than the generality of otiminals. She used to walk in leaning on the arm of a de,r.ty sheriff, "a la ball room fashion," her mother and little daughter following, A grand. lounge with soft Spillows and shawle, a hot foot-pan in close pr ximity, a physician sitting on a chair at the prisoner's head, he holding: an eight ounce phial of whiskey in his, hand, to adminis'er a little stimulant to the prostitute 'and murderess.whom he had the honour. to attend. Mrs Fair held a black fan in her hand, and gracefully fanned herself, with a grace that would do many, European. court ladies credit, She generally reclined on the lounge, keepingher eyes fixed on all parties, who had any say on the question. Her description as given in the different journals, will be interesting. '" irs Fair (saya.one):is said to be one of the most fascinating women that aver destroyed the peace of a family. She is aboy.the ordinary height of women symmotrical,in form, graceful in carriage, and infatu sting in manner apd magnetism, Her hair is a dark ohe:nut, her eyes dark brown, and her 'complexion as clear as that of a child of.three years.. Her hands and feet. are small and elegantly moulded. With the exception of her liaison with ?rittenden, she was'aleo wary and cunning, and.the terror of married women wherever she wont, It was. evident to men of the world that, although she never did anytoing which. could call for rebuke, she was a emoulderit ing volcano and not averse to a warm flirten tion. Men thronged around wherever she went, and women hated her with inexpressible viru lence. She had the eLtrees to the best society in Kentucky and New Orleaes. She is not a thorough bred, but is vivacious, sprightly, and magnetic, and when she entered a salon or ballroom the gentlemen would dtesrt other ladirs to gather round her and compete for her smiles and recognition. She never allowed herself to be under any pecuniary obligations to a, n, but always delighted in taking husbands from young married woman, She. had a mania for stock speculation, and an immense. gift for luring bankers and merchants into her schemes. Her temper is exceedingly violent, and she has beeaknown to break the head of a.servant with a chair; She is fond of champagne, and sometimes takes too much of is at dinner. In short she is a beautiful, heartless, fearless, terrible tigress who loves and hates like a a wild beast, and is always ready. to murder anybody who crosses her passions. Her bad temper broke out even in comte. When Mrs Crittenden, the widow cf the-murdered man, was giving her testimony, she said something that offended. Mrs Fair, whereupon Mrs Fair sang. out, "Your'e a liar," for which ext pression she was fined £50r Mrs Fair.is aespiritual' ist, but has been educated in a convent. She also belongs to the Freelove Sisterhood, a branch of the strong minded women order, which is to believe that wherever man may, be found, whether he be married or tingle, white or black, if any of this class loves him. ".he must come." This ia. the constitution that freelove is based on, Mrs Fair has had a little expel rienoe in the married life. She has had only six husbands so far. The firet died, after one year's happiness with Laura, The second was a singular man, he used to make her lie on the bed while he firbd a pistol over her, to see how near he could go to. her without injuring her-this monster shoeleft; the third, Colonel Fair, shot himself through her infidels ityg ; the fourth she left down in flavana because he had-no money; the fifth she married is San Franm eisco, asd lived with him ten months ;: the sixth and la,t she shot herself, " Crittenden," and yet she is but 33 years old. Her class is termed "' emara" here. The equal rights women are her advocates to a woman, and have held an indignation meeting already about the injustice of women being tried before a masculine court, saying- that lawyers with their mouth full-of tobacco and their brains muddled with whiskey are not competent to understand anything about women. Gerald Griffin wrote a very entertaining bJk. called " Tales of the Juryroors," and which o3nsists of a dozen stories told by as many unfortunate jury men locked up for the night and desirous to while away the tedious hours. A visitor to the Oriminal Court, yesterday, while the jury were o-nsiddring their verdiom i- the case of the youth Frank Heath, charged wirh emsbezzling moneys belonging to his employer, ~ir Patterson, coal merchant, might have been led to imagine that the twelve "good and lawful men " who were to decide the fite of the luckless prisoner, and found it difficult to agree, and resorted to the expedient of the jurors in Griffin's work to fill up the Seary hours before they should be set at liberty by the relenting juage. During the first two hours of .tie omnfinement of the jury not a sound issued fromn the sanctum of- jus!ice in which they wore incarcerated, and a pin might be heard drop on the floor of the court. His Honor bu.ily occupied himself amongst his papers, the members of the bat chatted socially in small knots, the reporters laid aside their pencils .nd stretched their arms, the youthful ou'prit eat close to a prie n ward r, and wore an expression of-anxiety on his pale faee, and the general public awaited in silent exoeot.? oy the puissant word which was to doom a follow creatore to the prison dungeon, or set him at lihbrty one: more. PRt quite suddenly this solemn s illness was broken by the sounds of boisteroJu laughter which issued from the juryroom. Persons in court koked at each other and emil d- and the aooueed seemed assured by the social sound', sacepting them possiblv as indicative of a result which ralier: i his " ouaery" from tho.neccesity .tf sending h:m into eonfinemont. Again.and again peals of laughter issoi d fom the room, and after some time the jury iseto 1 t mr, the room with smiling, faees. They informed his Honor that they could not saree. Tne judge.orderel them to be locked up till six o'clook, and the gentlemen accordingly returned to their merry making. At six o'clock tnc jury had not agreed, and as there was no probability of their doing so, they were released. The Star returns to the ghost story as follows: I I d tr say Jo think mu anyth ng but an intollig.nt active correepoadent, to e)o. iving min clue. pronmity to the scene of the Barnt Bridge ghost story, and not to send you a paragraph on as interesting and exciting a subject. The fact of the matter is I thought the a cry had grown too stale, until public interest in the matter was revived by our Lil LA correspondent. The people of Olarendon nov disc ver that as with other objects so with ghosts, familiarity begets contempt. B:Et as it seems that aistanoe leads enohantment to the view, e. n; i hort distance to Ll Ll may render further particulare not unwelcome to the lovers of the sensationl. It is ge-nerally believed that there are no ghosts ashout Lal Lel except such.as are in the flesh. The snorting of the iron horse proudly, careering between Mount Doran and the lignite, its lund and snrill whistle on approaching the station, together with the rattle of half a hundreleoarriates, render Lal Lit, as a resort of ghosts, very iaeongruous. Not s> Clarendon. Under bridges, by estne walls, ip old.deyarteLe,iP ggs and deep siquestered gullies, they find a quiet retreat. and woo to them who would dare to disturb them. The public knows already how it fared with the bold adventurers who disturbed his ghosthip of Burnt Bridge ;.how like Tam O'.heanter's Meg, they ran to win the reystone of the Brig,' and how the bravest man among then all has betaken h~imself to prayer ever since. In connection with this subjoect the following is the latestout. Rising early, before day light, to feed his hprses, Mr OCnpbell's ploughman paid a visit to the h-ugted brick housea to get some hay. Before he had time to strike a light or bless himself, he heard directly u:der his feet unearthly moraiog an4 groaning, as of persons smpthoring, and, forgetting.that words and signs. have power o'er sprites in planetary,.hour,'-struck a light, and dies ppnsing with words and signs, triei the magio of a pitchfork. A few probesh?li the desired eff.ct; the bay was in motion, and instantly were heard, in true nautical style, two gruff voices shouting, All aboard.' They were those of two runaway sailors, who lodged with the ghost for the night." The following extraordinary story is given in the Oaurt Journal of 6:h May :-" All have read with horror of the barbaroun murder, committed on .o young and extremely well favoured girl-a child one might say-nigh on seventeen years old, at Eltham, in Kent. The painful subject is referred to in c:nse* uuence of a very extraordinary circumstanae con' nected with the girl's death, The girl expired at G-uy't Hospital at 9.o'clock on Sunday night. A d otor, a nurse, and a detective policemen were in the room at the time, and they all concur in etatieg that at thoe.vary mome-st of her deoass the face of a man appeared at the windor cl-sr to the bed on which the murdered girl lay. This mysterious apparition disappeared c esoon as tile policeman approached the window, which, by the. way, is about 56 feet from the ground; of course there was no one there. Tnere were no means by which the window could be roeached firom the street save by a ladder, and ladder there :was none." The story must be taken for what it is worth. "There are more things in heaven apd earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy." a. SButc CAsse.-The French for many years, labored under the firm belief that it was a very come monplace proceeding amongst the English for e hus.. band to treat his wife as an ordinary oha'tel, such a his cow or his calf, and that when tired of his sponuses, or in want of funds that he had only to, put a halter around her neck, leed her to Smithfield, and sell her, either by auction or private contract. A case calhd' on in the District Polios Court showed that there is one person, at least, in our community who would treat his better half as an ordinary chattel, but in this case to recover possession of her, By the 22nd saec tion of the Polhee Offences Statute, 185. Upon complaint made to eny justice of the peace by any person claiming to be entitled, to the property or possession of anygoods whigh.are detained by any other person wjthin.thejurisdiction of- asuch jpscice, the value of which shall not be greater than fisy pounds," upon proof of the deten;ion the jpetice may Sorder the restitution of-the goodsi'o laimed. A person issued a summons against another and his wife, who, 'from what transpired, seem to be is their service. The oomplainant did not appear, but it was, s.tated that th.' goods" claimed had obtained a protection order, and.that the defendants were the persons in ihose employ lse then was as. aervant, The case was of course struck out, Mr alrll observing thatthe summons hrd been prepared outside the proper. offiee. :An E'e To BUStNEas.--An indivjdual, named Edward Burrows, known amongst his oriminal as sociates as "a leary cove," is'a arooampliened pick. pocket, and makes a profitable livelihood by his marauding propensities, lp was digcharged on the let of the present month from Pantridga, after "doig" twelve months with hard labour, fot pioking pockets at the Princeas Thieatr. Wlin he oa en out be thought, with other thieves, that the brit field for his operations was tie omnaibuses, which he enterel, and asully going the whole distance of the jpuraeyJimanaged to pick some ooe'e pocket before he left. It is very dlflicalt to detect him, becoms he is always described as having one eye, and changes his appearance, but his modus operandi is that he wears a glass eye, which he takes out when ha ,goei pookettpioking. He was dismissed yesterday on a charge of following his calling, as the evidence was oo week for a conviction, but he got outside. the ourt,,and was today remanded for, a week, as there .re other oases against him. % 