THE NOVELIST. THE MYSTERY OF EDWIN DROOD. BY CHARLES DICKENS. Chapter XXI - A RECOGNITION. Nothing occurred in the night to flutter the tired dove, and the dove was refreshed. With Mr. Grew- gious when the clock struck ten in the morning, came Mr. Crisparkle, who had come at one plunge out of the river at Cloisterham. "Miss Twinkleton was so uneasy, Miss Rosa," he explained to her, " and came round to Ma and me with your note, in such a state of wonder, that, to quiet her, I volunteered on this service by the very first train to be caught in the morning. I wished at the time that you had come to me : but now, I think it best that you did as you did, and came to your guardian," "I did think of you," Rosa told him ; "but Minor Canon Corner was so near him -" " I understand. It was quite natural." " I have told Mr. Crisparkle," said Mr. Grewgious " all that you told me last night, my dear. Of course I should have written it to him immediately ; but his coming was most opportune. And it was particularly kind of him to come, for he had but just gone." "Have you settled ?" asked Rosa, appealing to them both. " What is to be done for Helena and her brother ?" " Why really," said Mr. Crisparkle, " I am in great perplexity. If even Mr Grewgious, whose head is much longer than mine, and who is a whole night's cogitation in advance of me, is undecided, what must I be?" The Unlimited here put her head in at the door - after having rapped, and been authorized to present herself - announcing that a gentleman wished for a word with another gentleman named Crisparkle, if any such gentleman were there. If no such gentleman were there, he begged pardon for being mistaken. " Such a gentleman is here," said Mr. Crisparkle " but is engaged just now." " Is it a dark gentleman?" interposed Rosa, retreat- ing on her guardian. " No, Miss, more of a brown gentleman." "You are sure not with black hair ?" asked Rosa, taking courage, " Quite sure of that, Miss. Brown hair and blue eyes." "Perhaps," hinted Mr. Grewgious, with habitual caution, "it might be well to see him, reverend sir, if you don't object. When one is in a difficulty, or at a loss, one never knows in what direction a way out may chance to open. lt is a business principle of mine in such a case, not to close up any direction, but to keep an eye on every direction that may present itself. I could relate an anecdote in point, but that it would be premature. " " If Miss Rosa will allow me then? Let the gentle- man come in," said Mr. Crisparkle, The gentleman came in ; apologised with a frank but modest grace, for not finding Mr. Crisparkle alone; turned to Mr. Crisparkle, and smilingly asked the unexpected question : " Who am I ?" "You are the gentleman I saw smoking under the trees in Staple Inn a few minutes ago." "True. There I saw you. Who else am I ?" Mr. Crisparkle concentrated his attention on a hand- some face, much sunburnt ; and the ghost of some departed boy seemed to rise, gradually and simply in the room. The gentleman saw a struggling recollection lighten up the Minor Canon's features, and smiling again, said: " What will you have for breakfast this morning ? You are out of jam." " Wait a moment ;" cried Mr. Crisparkle, raising his right hand. " Give me another instant ! Tartar!" They shook hands with the greatest heartiness and then went the wonderful length - for Englishmen - of laying their hands each upon the other's shoulders, and looking joyful each into the other's face. " My old fag !" said Mr. Crisparkle. " My old master !" said Mr. Tartar. "You saved me from drowning !" said Mr. Cris- parkle. " After which you took to swimming, you know !' said Mr. Tartar. " God bless my soul !" said Mr. Crisparkle. "Amen!" said Mr. Tartar. And then they fell to shaking hands most heartily again. " Imagine," exclaimed Mr. Crisparkle, with glisten- ing eyes : " Miss Rosa Bud and Mr. Grewgious imagine Mr. Tartar, when he was the smallest of juniors, diving for me, catching me, a big heavy senior, by the hair of the head, and striking out for the shore with me like a water giant ! ' " Imagine my not letting him sink, as I was his fag !" said Mr. Tartar. " But the truth being that he was my best protector and friend, and did me more good than all the masters put together, an irrational impulse seized me to pick him up, or go down with him." " Hem ! Permit me, sir, to have the honour," said Mr. Grewgious, advancing with extended hand, "for an honour I truly esteem it. I am proud to make your acquaintance. I hope you didn't take cold. I hope you were not inconvenienced by swallowing too much water. How have you been since ?" It was by no means apparent that Mr. Grewgious knew what he said, though it was very apparent that he meant to say something highly friendly and appre- ciative. If Heaven, Rosa thought, had but sent such courage and skill to her poor mother's aid ! And he to have been so slight and young then. " I don't wish to be complimented upon it, I thank you, but I think I have an idea," Mr. Grewgious announced, after taking a jog-trot or two across the room, so unexpected and unaccountable that they had all stared at him, doubtful whether he was choking or had the cramp. " I think I have an idea. I believe I have had the pleasure of seeing Mr. Tartar's name as tenant of the top set in the house next the top set in the corner ?" "Yes, sir," returned Mr. Tartar. "You are right so far." "l am right so far," said Mr. Grewgious. "Tick that off," which he did, with his right thumb on his left. "Might you happen to know the name of your neighbour in the top set on the other side of the party- wall ?" coming very close to Mr. Tartar, to lose nothing of his face, in his shortness of sight. "Landless." "Tick that off," said Mr. Grewgious, taking another trot, and again corning back. " No personal know- ledge, I suppose, sir?" " Slight, but some." " Tick that off," said Mr. Grewgious, taking another trot, and again coming back. "Nature of knowledge, Mr. Tartar?" " I thought he seemed to be a young fellow in a poor way, and I asked his leave - only within a day or so - to share my flowers up there with him ; that is to say, to extend my flower-garden to his windows." " Would you have the kindness to take seats ?" said Mr. Grewgious. " I have an idea !" They complied ; Mr. Tartar none the less readily, for being all abroad ; and Mr Grewgious, seated in the centre, with his hands upon his knees, thus stated his idea, with his usual manner of having got the statement by heart. "I cannot as yet make up my mind whether it is prudent to hold open communication under present circumstances, and on the part of the fair member of the present company, with Mr Neville or Miss Helena. I have reason to know that a local friend of ours (on whom I beg to bestow a passing but a hearty maledic- tion, with the kind permission of my reverend friend) sneaks to and fro, and dodges up and down. When not doing so himself, he may have some informant skulking about, in the person of a watchman, porter, or such-like hanger-on of Staple. On the other hand, Miss Rosa very naturally wishes to see her friend Miss Helena, and it. would 'seem important that at least Miss Helena (if not her brother too, through her) should privately know from Miss Rosa's lips what has occurred, and what has been threatened. Am I agreed with generally in the views I take?" "I entirely coincide with them," said Mr. Crisparkle who had been very attentive. " As I have no doubt I should," added Mr. Tartar, smiling, " if I understood them." "Fair and softly, sir," said Mr. Grewgious; "we shall fully confide in you directly, if you will favour us with your permission. Now, if our local friend should have any informant on the spot, it is tolerably clear that such imformant can only be set to watch the chambers in the occupation of Mr. Neville. He reporting, to our local friend, who comes and goes there, our local friend would supply for himself, from his own previous knowledge, the identity of the parties. Nobody can be set to watch all Staple, or to concern himself with comers and goers to other sets of chambers: unless, indeed mine." "I begin to understand to what you tend, said Mr. Crisparkle, " and highly approve of your caution." " I needn't repeat that I know nothing yet of the why and wherefore," said Mr. Tartar; "but I also understood to what you tend, so let me say at once that my chambers are freely at your disposal." " There !" cried Mr. Grewgious, smoothing his head triumphantly. "Now we have all got the idea. You have it, my dear?" " I think I have," said Rosa, blushing a little as Mr. Tartar looked quickly towards her. " You see, you go over to Staple with Mr. Crisparkle and Mr. Tartar," said Mr. Grewgious ; "I going in and out and out and in, alone, in my usual way ; you go up with those gentlemen to Mr. Tartar's rooms ; you look into Mr. Tartar's flower-garden ; you wait for Miss Helena's appearance there, or you signify to Miss Helena, that you are close by ; and you communicate with her freely, and no spy can be the wiser." " I am very much afraid I shall be ---" "Be what, my dear?'' asked Mr. Grewgious, as she hesitated. " Not frightened?" " No, not that," said Rosa, shyly ;- " in Mr. Tar- tar's way. We seem to be appropriating Mr. Tartar's residence so very coolly." " I protest to you," returned that gentleman, " that I shall think the better of it for evermore, if your voice sounds in it only once." Rosa not quite knowing what to say about that, cast down her eyes, and turning to Mr. Grewgious, dutifully asked if she should put her hat on? Mr. Grewgious being of opinion that she could not do better, she withdrew for the purpose. Mr. Crisparkle took the opportunity of giving Mr. Tartar a summary of the distresses of Neville and his sister ; the oppor- tunity was quite long enough, as the hat happened to require a little extra fitting on. Mr. Tartar gave his arm to Rosa, and Mr. Cris- parkle walked, detached, in front. " Poor, poor Eddy I" thought Rosa, as they went along. Mr. Tartar waived his right hand as he bent his head down over Rosa, talking in an animated way. "It was not so powerful or so sun-browned when it saved Mr. Crisparkle," thought Rosa, glancing at it ; but it must have been very steady and determined even then." Mr. Tarter told her he had been a sailor, roving everywhere for years and years. " When are you going to sea again?" " Never ! " Rosa wondered what the girls would say if they could see her crossing the wide street on the sailor's arm. And she fancied that the passers-by must think her very little and very helpless, contrasted with the strong figure that could have caught her up and carried her out of any danger, miles and miles without rest- ing. She was thinking further, that his far-seeing blue eyes looked as if they had been used to watch danger afar off, and to watch it without flinching, drawing nearer and nearer ; when, happening to raise her eyes, she found that he seemed to be thinking something about them. This a little confused Rosebud, and may account for her never afterwards quite knowing how she ascended (with his help) to his garden in the air, and seemed to get into a marvellous country that came into sudden bloom like the country on the summit of the magic bean-stalk. May it flourish for ever ! CHAPTER XXII.-A GRITTY STATE OF THINGS COMES ON. Mr. Tartar's chambers were the neatest, the cleanest, and the best ordered chambers ever seen under the sun, moon, and stars. The floors were scrubbed to to that extent, that you might have supposed the London blacks emancipated for ever, and gone out of the land for good. Every inch of brass-work in Mr. Tartar's possession was polished and burnished, till it shone like a brazen mirror. No speck, nor spot, nor spatter soiled the purity of any of Mr. Tartar's household gods, large, small, or middle-sized. His sitting-room was like the admiral's cabin, his bath- room was like a dairy, his sleeping-chamber, fitted all about with lockers and drawers, was like a seedsman's shop ; and his nicely-balanced cot just stirred in the midst, as if it breathed. Everything belonging to Mr. Tartar had quarters of its own assigned to it, his maps and charts had their quarters ; his books had theirs ; his brushes had theirs ; his boots had theirs ; his clothes had theirs ; his case-bottles had theirs ; his telescopes and other instruments had theirs. Every- thing was readily accessible. Shelf, bracket, locker, hook, and drawer were equally within reach, and were equally contrived with a view to avoiding waste of room, and providing some snug inches of stowage for something that would have exactly fitted nowhere else. His gleaming little service of plate was so arranged upon his sideboard as that a slack salt- spoon would have instantly betrayed itself ; his toilet implements were so arranged upon his dress- ing-table as that a toothpick of slovenly deportment could have been reported at a glance. So with the curiosities he had brought home from various voyages. Stuffed, dried, repolished, or otherwise preserved, according to their kind ; birds, fishes, reptiles, arms, articles of dress, shells, seaweeds, grasses, or memorials of coral reef ; each was displayed in its especial place, and each could have been displayed in no better place. Paint and varnish seemed to be kept somewhere out of sight, in constant readiness to obliterate stray finger- marks wherever any might become perceptible in Mr. Tartar's chambers. No man- of-war was ever kept more spick and span from careless touch. On this bright summer day, a neat awning was rigged over Mr. Tartar's flower-garden as only a sailor could rig it ; and there was a sea-going air upon the whole effect, so delightfully complete, that the flower-garden might have appeared to stern-win- dows afloat, and the whole concern might have bowled away gallantly with all on board, if Mr. Tartar had only clapped to his lips the speaking-trumpet that was slung in a corner, and given hoarse orders to have the anchor up, look alive there, men, and get all sail upon her ! Mr. Tartar doing the honors of this gallant era was of a piece with the rest. When a man rides an amiable hobby that shies at nothing and kicks nobody, it is only agreeable to find him riding it with a humor- ous sense of the droll side of the creature. When the man is a cordial and an earnest man by nature, and withal is perfectly fresh and genuine, it may be doubted whether he is ever seen to greater advantage than at such a time. So Rosa would have naturally thought (even if she hadn't been conducted over the ship with all the homage due to the First Lady of the Admiralty, or First Fairy of the Sea), that it was charming to see and hear Mr. Tartar half laughing at, and half rejoicing, in his various contrivances. So Rosa would have naturally thought, anyhow, that the sunburnt sailor showed to great advantage when, the inspection finished, he delicately withdrew out of his admiral's cabin, beseeching her to consider herself its Queen, and waving her free of his flower-garden with the hand that had had Mr. Crisparkle's life in it. " Helena ! Helena Landless ! Are you there?" " Who speaks to me? Not Rosa?" Then a second handsome face appearing. " Yes, my darling !" " Why, how did you come here, dearest?" "I - I don't quite know," said Rosa with a blush " unless I am dreaming !" Why with a blush? For their two faces were alone with the other flowers. Are blushes among the fruit of the country of the magic beanstalk. "I am not dreaming," said Helena, smiling, "I should take more for granted if I were. How do we come together - or so near together - so very unex- pectedly ?" Unexpectedly indeed, among the dingy gables and chimney-pots of P. .J. T's connection, and the flowers that had sprung from the salt sea. But Rosa, waking; told in a hurry how they came to be together, and all the why and wherefore of that matter. " And Mr. Crisparkle is here," said Rosa, in a rapid conclusion : "'and could you believe it ? Long ago, he saved his life !" " I could believe any such thing of Mr. Crisparkle, returned Helena, with a mantling face. (More blushes in the beanstalk country !) " Yes, but it wasn't Mr. Crisparkle," said Rosa, quickly putting in the correction. "I don't understand, love." " It was very nice of Mr. Crisparkle to be saved," said Rosa, " and he couldn't have shown his high opinion of Mr. Tartar more expressively. But it was Mr. Tartar who saved him. " Helena's dark eyes looked very earnestly at the bright face among the leaves, and she asked, in a slower and more thoughtful tone : " Is Mr. Tartar with you now, dear ?" " No ; because he has given up his rooms to me - to us I mean. It is such a beautiful place !" "Is it?" " It is like the inside of the most exquisite ship that ever sailed. It is like - it is like -" " Like a dream ?" suggested Helena. Rosa answered with a little nod, and smelled the flowers. Helena resumed, after a short pause of silence during which she seemed (or it was Rosa's fancy) to compassionate somebody : " My poor Neville is reading in his own room, the sun being so very bright on this side just now. I think he had better not know that you are so near." " Oh, I think so too !" cried Rosa very readily. " I suppose," pursued Helena, doubtfully, "that he must know by-and-by all you have told me ; but I am not sure. Ask Mr. Crisparkle's advice my darling Ask him whether I may tell Neville as much or as little of what you have told me as I think best." Rosa subsided into her state-cabin, and propounded the question. The Minor Canon was for the free exercise of Helena's judgment. " I thank him very much," said Helena, when Rosa emerged again with her report. " Ask him whether it would be best to wait until any more maligning and pursuing of Neville on the part of this wretch shall disclose itself, or to try to anticipate it : I mean, so far as to find out whether any such goes on darkly about us?" ? The Minor Canon found this point so difficult to give a confident opinion on, that, after two or three attempts and failures, he suggested a reference to Mr. Grewgious. Helena acquiescing, he betook himself (with a most unsuccessful assumption of lounging indifference) across the quadrangle to P. J. T.'s, and stated it. Mr. Grewgious held decidedly to the general principle, that if you could steal a march upon a brigand or a wild beast, you had better do it ; and he also held decidedly to the special case, that John Jasper was a brigand and a wild beast in combination. Thus advised, Mr. Crisparkle came back again and reported to Rosa, who in turn reported to Helena. She, now steadily pursuing her train of thought at her window, considered thereupon. "We may count on Mr. Tartar's readiness to help us, Rosa?" she inquired. O yes ! Rosa shyly thought so. O yes, Rosa shyly believed she could almost answer for it. But should she ask Mr. Crisparkle ? " I think your authority on the point as good as his, my dear," said Helena, sedately, " and you needn't disappear again for that.' Odd of Helena ! "You see, Neville," Helena pursued after more reflection. " knows no one else here ; he has not so much as exchanged a word with any one else here. If Mr. Tartar would call to see him openly and often ; if he would spare a minute for the purpose, frequently ; if he would even do so, almost; daily ; something might come of it." " Something might come of it, dear?" repeated Rosa, surveying her friend's beauty with a highly perplexed face. " Something might?" " If Neville's movements are really watched, and if the purpose really is to isolate him from all friends and acquaintance, and wear his daily life out grain by grain (which would seem to be the threat to you), does it not appear likely," said Helena, "that his enemy would in some way communicate with Mr Tartar to warn him off from Neville? In which case, we might not only know the fact but might know from Mr. Tartar what the terms of the communication were." "I see !" cried Rosa. And immediately darted into her state-cabin again. Presently her pretty face reappeared, with a greatly heightened colour, and she said that she had told Mr. Crisparkle, and that Mr. Crisparkle had fetched in Mr, Tartar, and that Mr, Tartar -" who is waiting now in case you want him," added Rosa, with a half look back, and in not a little confusion between the inside of the state-cabin and out - had declared his readiness to act as she had suggested, and to enter on his task that very day. "I thank him from my heart," said Helena. " Pray tell him so." Again not a little confused between the Flower Garden and the Cabin, Rosa dipped in with her message, and dipped out again - with more assurances from Mr. Tartar, and stood wavering in a divided state between Helena and him, which proved that confusion is not always necessarily awkward, but may sometimes present a pleasant appearance. "And now, darling," said Helena, "we will be mindful of the caution that has restricted us to this interview for the present, and will part. I hear Neville moving too. Are you going back ?" " To Miss Twinkleton's ?" asked Rosa. "Yes." " O, I could never go there any more ; I couldn't indeed, after that dreadful interview!" said Rosa. "Then where are you going, pretty one ?" " Now I come to think of it, I don't know " said Rosa. "I have settled nothing at all yet, but my guardian will take care of me. Don't be uneasy dear. I shall be sure to be somewhere." ' (It did seem likely.) " And I shall hear of my Rosebud from Mr Tartar ?" inquired Helena. "Yes, I suppose so; from -" Rosa looked back again in a flutter, instead of supplying the name, "But tell me one thing before we part, dearest Helena. Tell me that you are sure, sure, sure, I couldn't help it." "Help it, dearest?" " Help making him malicious and revengeful. I couldn't hold any terms with him, could I?" " You know how I love you, darling," answered Helena, with indignation ; " but I would sooner see you dead at his wicked feet." " That's a great comfort to me ! And you will tell your brother so, won't you ? And you will give him my remembrance and my sympathy ? And you will ask him not to hate me ?" With a mournful shake of the head, as if that would be quite a superfluous entreaty, Helena lovingly kissed her two hands to her friend, and her friend's two hands were kissed to her ; then she saw a third hand (a brown one) appear among tho flowers and leaves and help her friend out of sight. The reflection that Mr. Tartar had produced in the Admiral's Cabin by merely touching the spring knob of a locker and the handle of a drawer, was a dazzling enchanted repast. Wonderful macaroons, glittering liqueurs, magically preserved tropical spices, and jellies of celestial tropical fruits, displayed themselves pro- fusely at an instant's notice. But Mr. Tartar could not make time stand still ; and time, with his hardhearted fleetness, strode on so fast, that Rosa was obliged to come down from the beanstalk country to earth, and her guardian's chambers. "And now, my dear," said Mr. Grewgious. "what is to be done next ? To put the same thought in another form ; what is to be done with you?" Rosa could only look apologetically sensible of being very much in her own way, and in everybody else's. Some passing idea of living, fireproof, up a good many stairs in Furnival's Inn for the rest of her life, was the only thing in the nature of a plan that occurred to her. "It has come into my thoughts," said Mr. Grew- gious, "that as the respected lady, Miss Twinkleton, occasionally repairs to London in the recess, with the view of extending her connection, and being available for interviews with metropolitan parents, if any - whether, until we have time in which to turn our- selves round, we might invite Miss Twinkleton to come and stay with you for a month ?" " Stay where, sir ?" "Whether," explained Mr. Grewgious, "we might take a furnished lodging in town for a month, and invite Miss Twinkleton to assume the charge of you in it for that period ?" " And afterwards ?" hinted Rosa. " And afterwards," said Mr. Grewgious, " we should be no worse off than we are now." "I think that might smooth the way," assented Rosa. " Then let us," said Mr. Grewgious, rising, " go and look for a furnished lodging. Nothing could be more acceptable to me than the sweet presence of last evening, for all the remaining evenings of my exist- ence ; but these are not fit surroundings for a young lady. Let us set out in quest of adventures, and look for a furnished lodging. In the meantime, Mr. Cris- parkle here, about to return home immediately, will no doubt kindly see Miss Twinkleton and invite that lady to co-operate in our plan." Mr. Crisparkle, willingly accepting the commission, took his departure ; Mr. Grewgious and his ward set forth on their expedition. As Mr. Grewgious's idea of looking at a furnished lodging was to get on the opposite side of the street to a house with a suitable bill in the window, and stare at it ; and then work his way tortuously to the back of the house, and stare at that ; and then not go in, but make similar trials of another house with the same result ; their progress was but slow. At length he bethought himself of a widowed cousin, divers times removed, of Mr. Bazzard's, who had once solicited his influence in the lodger world, and who lived in Southampton Street, Bloomsbury Square. This lady's name, stated in uncompromising capitals of considerable size on a brass door-plate, and yet not lucidly as to sex and condition, was BILLICKIN. Personal faintness, and an overpowering personal candour, were the distinguishing features of Mrs. Billickin's organization. She came languishing out of her own exclusive back parlor, with the air of having been expressly brought-to for the purpose, from an accumulation of several swoons. "I hope I see you well, sir," said Mrs. Billickin, recognising her visitor with a bend. "Thank you, quite well. And you ma'am? returned Mr. Grewgious. "I am as well," said Mrs. Billickin, becoming aspi- rational with excess of faintness, " as I hever ham. "My ward and an elderly lady," said Mr. Grew- gious, " wish to find a genteel lodging for a month or so. Have you any apartments available, ma'am?" "Mr. Grewgious," returned Mrs. Billickin, "I will not deceive you ; far from it. I have apartments available." , This, with the air of adding:- "Convey me to the stake, if you will ; but while I live, I will be candld." "And now, what apartments, ma'am?" asked Mr. Grewgious, cosily. To tame a certain severity appa- rent on the part of Mrs. Billickin. "There is this sitting-room - which call it what you will, it is the front parlour, Miss," said Mrs. Billickin, impressing Rosa into the conversation : the back parlour being what I cling to and never part with and there is two bedrooms at the top of the 'ouse with gas laid on. I do not tell you that your bedroom floors is firm for firm they are not. The gasfitter himself allowed that to make a firm job, he must go right under your jistes, and it were not worth the outlay as a yearly tenant so to do. The piping is carried above your jistes, and it is best that it should be made known to you." Mr. Grewgious and Rosa exchanged looks of some dismay, though they had not the least idea what latent horrors this carriage of the piping might involve. Mrs. Billickin put her hand to her heart, as having eased it of a load. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 