THE COMEDY OF CONVOCATION IN THE ENGLISH CHURCH. In Two Scenes. Edited by Archdeacon Chasuble, D.D. Scene II. — Dr. Easy's Drawing Room. Scene II. (Continued. ) AigAdeacox Ciiasuble must express tlie deep satisfaction with Avhicli lie liad listened to remarks so rich in truth and power. In his turn he would reply to Dean Blunt, though with considerations of a lower order. He had never denied, and would not begin by denying now, the painful and distressing difficulties which beset clergymen of his own views in dealing with these momentous subjects. But where doubt and uncertainty seemed to be their providential lot, he must consider it the mark of a Christian temper to accept such crosses in a humble and patient spirit. He was not disposed to cut the Gordian knot of their difficulties, but would rather continue to bear than seek es cape from them by so rude a process. If, however, he could not, as he freely admitted, refuse a certain measure of assent to the ar guments of the Dean, nor dispute that a vast majority of English churchmen had always accepted the principles and maxims upon which they were founded, he would at least venture to reply to them by a reductio adabsutdum, and ask their advocates if they were prepared to accept all the conclusions which logically flowed from them. It was, every one would admit, a necessary result ol' the Dean's reasoning that Dr. Arnold was quite right when he said, that his butler had as much divine authority to administer the Sacrament as himself. Where all were lay men, andtliepossession of merely human orders left them all in that condition ; all were equally qualified, as respected supernatural powers, to handle the mysteries of religion. The Tower of Babel, on this hypothesis, was the only true type of the Christian Church and ministry. For his part, lie must object to an ecclesiastical economy Avhicli would admit of his butler or his tailor proposing to ordain him priest or bishop, on the ground that their succession from the Apostles and that of the Bishop of London were equally susceptible, or equally destitute, of proof. He respected authority. (Cries of "Oh! oh !") He was speaking for himself, and re peated that he respected authority and venerated order. lie could not believe that of all the works of God the _ Church must be the least symmetri cal and harmonious, the most con fused and disorderly ; and therefore he demanded some higher credential of divine commission than a man's own appreciation of his personal fitness. He could not detect the signs of an Apostle in one who elected him self, or was elected by his congregation, on the ground that his ideas of Christianity and their own were sufficiently alike. If every body was equally qualified to teach religion, it was manifest that nobody required to be taught. He should like to accompany tho Professor to certain Churches, which he would not name, but of which the incumbents shared the opinions of the Dean of Bristol and Dr. Arnold. He would suppose the cler gyman to choose for his text, " Rebuke with ad authority ," and would ask if he might not be expected to deliver some such discourse as the following — " Aly brethren, as I have no more right to rebuke you than you have to rebuke me, and only just so much authority to teach as you are willing to confer upon me, permit me to observe to you, Now to Gorl the Father," &c.; (Great laughter.) The Dean would not deny that such a sermon would antlv exnress the nreacher's conviction. that Anglican Orders were purely human. Again, he would suppose such a clergyman to preach from the words, " Watch over the flock of which the Holy Ghost has made you overseer , in order to govern the Church of God." Evi dently, if he Avould do justice to his OAvn be lief, he ought to address his flock in such terms as the folloAviug : " As it is you Avho are Avatching over me, and not I over you, and as my sole function is to tickle your itch ing ears, you Avill kindly pardon me if I make the unpleasant ceremony as brief as possible, and quit the pulpit at once. This will save me from occupying a ridiculous position, and spare you the trouble of criticising a sermon Avliich it is not my intention to deliver. Clerk, give out a hymn, and make your OAvn choice." Once more, lie Avould ask if it did not result from the Professor's vicAv of the character of the English Church, which Dr. Elliott called " the creature of the Iuav," and which a living Archbishop declared Avas "meant to be a compromise," that Avhen our Lord said, " Go andteach alt nations, "he signified the com mand. " Go, and let allnationsteachyou." bo, also, Avhen St. Paul affirmed, " No man talceth to himself this honor but he that is called of God, as tvas Aaron," he doubtless Avished the Co rinthians to understand, "Everyman ought to take this honor to himself if he aspire to it, for the age of Aaron is excessively remote, and his example perfectly obsolete." Iu like manne, Avhen the same apostle said, " How shall they preach except they be sent ?" many of the clergy Avould aptly reply, "As to preaching, I lind no difficulty in it ; and as to being sent, I send myself." lie Avould earnestly entreat that due consideration be given to the fact that, on the principle laid dOAvn by the Dean, all the English clergy, ex cepting only those avIio candidly repudiated all pretence to a supernatural calling, Avere simply criminal and dangerous impostors. He Avould go further, and say, Avithout fear of contradiction, that if English Orders Avere human, he could conceive nothing in creation so degraded, nothing so Avorthy of a nation's mockery and scorn, as an Anglican bishop. On that supposition their prelates Avere an offence against truth, and a scandal in the land. For his part, he Avould rather be a strolling pieman, or an acrobat at a fair. Such men as these might possibly deserve es teem, because they followed a calling for Avliich they had the necessary gifts ; but an unconsecrated bishop should be scourged from the face of the earth. He Avas a thing to make the angels Aveep, His Avliole life Avas a lie. He Avas to be utterly abhorred and execrated, and should be received everywhere, as Dr. Alexander Avas on his entrance into Jerusalem, Avith a sliOAver of mud and stones. Ah ! he had neA'er expected to hear it gravely discussed in such an Assembly Avliether Eng lish Orders Avere human or divine. His heart was oppressed Avith anguish in listening to such a debate, The Orders of the English Church he believed to be identical Avith those of the Roman, and, like them, divine in origin, in succession, and in poAver. If he could doubt it, he would flee from tne National Church as from a pestilence ; for it Avould be shame and death to minister at an altar Avhich Avas only a table, and Avliere every pseudo- priestly act Avas a grimace and a sham, a mockery of God, of one's neighbor, and of one's OAvn soul. Some moments elapsed after the Arch deacon had ceased to speak before any one rose to claim the attention of the meeting. The clergy seemed to be occupied in Avhisper- ing to one another their impressions of Avhat they had just heard. Some observed that be had not attempted to ansAver Dean Blunt's arguments, and others that his retort Avas sophistical, because no one maintained that the clergy could take cures without the sanc tion of the civil magistrate. At length Dean Critical rose from an arm-chair by the side of the Professor of Historv. Avith Avliom he had been engaged in animated conversation, and advancing to the opposite corner of the chimney-piece, Avliich Archdeacon Chasuble had just Araeat>.d, addressed himself to the assembly with a elm voice and sub dued manner. It had never, he said, been his fortune on any previous occasion to hear a grave person deliver a solemn harangue from the top of a house of cards. Prudent builders secured their foun dations before they put on the roof, but the Archdeacon began with his spire, and Avorked placidly doAvnwards to the crypt. Long before he arrived at that loAver region his pack of cards had disappeared, and of his fancy edifice not a trace remained. He Avanted the robust courage of the Arch deacon, and aarould crave permission to ex plain Avliy he declined to inhabit the sliadoAvy structure of so sentimental an architect. ' ' He had asked himself several times during the speech of the Archdeacon (he said it Avithout any unkind or disrespectful feeling) Avliether human reason And conscience, Aveak as the one might be and deceitful as aauis the other, could really accept, Avithout misgiv ing, the lot Avith aa'hich lie avoAved himself content. What ! doubt as to the heritage of orders, Avith the sure possession of Avhicli you deemed all spiritual treasures indissolu- bly bound up ! — doubt as to the validity of consecrations, Avliich could never be proved, and Avere morally and materially impossible, but upon the efficacy of Avliich your Avhole religious life hung ! — doubt as to the posses-' sion of PoAvers, your claim to Avhich Avas as arehemently derided by nine-tenths of your own community as by the Avliole Avorld Avith out it, but the Avant of Avliich reduced you to spiritual atrophy and death ! — doubt as to your generation from a Church, in Avhich you professed to find the cradle of your OAvn, but against Avhich the latter Avas a living- protest, and Avliich in turn, far from admit ting the parentage, refused to regard you in any other light than as heathens or heretics in need of conversion ! — doubt both as to her doctrines and vour oavii, the first being re- jected by you in spite of the Roman Church bidding you to embrace them, and the second maintained by you in spite of the English Church forbidding you to hold them !— doubt as to your origin, doubt as to your future ! — doubt as to doctrine, priesthood, and Sacraments ! — doubt as to Whence you came, Avhat you are, and Avhither you are going. Ah ! truly it Avas a marvel that men like the Archdeacon could move under the burden of such a creed, Avhich could neither soothe the soul nor satisfy the intellect, and Avhicli Avas as earnestly condemned by all outside their oavii Church, as it Avas ridi culed by almost all Avithin her." Hoav dif ferent Avas his position and that of the bishops and clergy Avhose principles he shared ! DisavoAving all foolish claims to supernatural powers, Avhich Avere rebuked by their past history as avcII as by their pre sent habits of life and character, they ac cepted the Reformation as a just attempt to reduce tho Christian religion to its true limits as a perfect system of morals, of Avliich the sole dogmatic basis Avas the doc trine of the Atonement. With this pro fession of faith they had a sufficient key to heaA'cn, and needed not the unreal arts of an obsolete priesthood, Avhich Avarred against the true genius of Christianity. To instruct the ignorant, to console the afflicted, and to hold up to all the perfect Avork of the Saviour, this Avas their religion, as he believed it Avas that of the apostles. The claims of the Roman Church Avere nothing to them, for they simply put them aside. They approved, on the Avhole, the censures pronounced by the founders of Anglicanism, though they regretted the in temperance of the language Avhich their peculiar position explained and partly ex cused. They had no difficulties, and no doubts : and their creed Avhich reduced the mysteries of religion to those concerning the Person and office of the Son of God, and made but little account of sacraments, Avas as much in harmony Avith the wants of a healthy soul as Avith the conceptions of a sound mind. They were Protestant ministers, not Catholic priests ; and if their religion separated them from the rest of the Christian world, it avus surely better honestly to ac knowledge a fact Avliich they could not change and Avhich reflected no discredit upon them,, than to affect to disguise it by transparent sophistry and paltry subterfuge. (General cheering.) Dean Primitive Avould ventnre to ask how his learned friend, avIio Avould not hear of mysteries nor of their priestly steAvards and dispensers, disposed of the commission given by our Lord to His Apostles to bind and loose sins ? or how he dealt Avith the aAvful texts setting forth the real presence ? Dean Critical Avas quite content to accept the rational interpretation Avhich had ahvays boen put upon such passages by his own Church ; and if there was any doubt or dis pute about her teaching on such points, all Avho heard him Avould admit that at least there could be none Avhatever about her practice. That uniform practice, as some of her oavii bishops had lately argued, Avas utterly incon sistent Avith the Catholic vieAV. And since it had been demonstrated that English Orders could never be cleared from doubt, it Avas ab solutely impossible that any member of the English Church should make an act of faith in consecrations or absolutions, the validity of Avhicli, to take the most favorable vieAv, Avas only a matter of conjecture. The High Church theory supposed Almighty God to re quire from His creatures, or at least from such of them as Avere Angficans, a simple im possibility. They Avere to make an explicit act of faith in mysteries of Avhicli reason could take no cognisance, though the sole fonndation on Avhich such faith could rest, Avas a purely human speculation ! The diffi culties of faith Avere, in their case, compli cated by the difficulties of fact ; for, Avhereas the Catholic priest could say, " Know that the Sacrament is effectual, because you are certain that my priesthood is from God the Anglican minister could only say, " Hope that this Sacrament is divine, though all Christendom asserts that my priesthood is human." Such Avas the effect of the High Church theory in its relations to the people ; he Avould iioav consider it in its bearings on the clergy. It seemed to him that if he held the opinions of his High Church brethren, his first thought Avould be to conceal them from all mankind in t.:e secret of his oivn heart. He should not dare to avoAv, because he should not dare to act upon them. How, for example, could he venture, Avithout the slightest preparation from childhood upAvards, born of the Avorld and belonging to it in all his interests, feelings, and habits, to make pre tence of hearing confessions Avithout the sanction of his superiors, or to offer a sem blance of Mass in disloyal opposition to it ? IIoav could he teach with a grave face that sacramental absolution Avas the ordinary in strument for the remission of sin, Avhen he kneiv that his OAvn Church had utterly neg lected this mighty instrument during three centuries (Avhich she could hardly have done if she had been conscious of poss. ssing it), and that he himself Avas quite ready to give communion to people Avho ueArer had receiAred, and never intended to ask for, such absolu tion? IIoav could he mock bimself and his hearers by teaching that the Protestant Reformation, of Avhicli the main object Avas to uproot the Catholic religion Avith all its distinctive tenets and practices, Avas really designed to preserve it intact in this reilm ? Hoav could he remain, year after year, in close ecclesiastical communion Avith bishops and clergy avIio execrated doctrines Avliich he held to be divine, and spent their lives in teaching their contraries ? IIoav could he say to the Avorld Avithout a blush, " I attach so little im portance to the mysterious doctrines Avliich I profess Avith my lips, that, as you see, I con tinue to give my allegiance to a bishop avIio condemns them, and remain in fraternal bonds Avith a clergy Avliich blasphemes them?" God keep them all from such dishonor as this, the Avorst and most grievous reproach Avliich could rest on the conscience of a Christian man. Better far to be ignorant of the most precious doctrines of the Christian cove nant, than to trample under foot, by such revolting insincerity, the very truths Avhicli they profess to honor. (Loud ap plause). And noAV let him refer, in conclu sion, to that peculiar mystery AAdiich sur passed all others in the effect Avhicli it had produced in modifying the form and charac ter of Christian Avorship in all save Protest ant communities. He alluded to the mys tery Avliich might be said to constitute the main spring of religious life in all the East ern and Western Churches alike, except only their own. In the Catholic and Oriental Churches its seat Avas the altar, and its home Avas the tabernacle. A lamp burned night and day before it, and from early morn to the hour which called all to rest, silent Avorsliippers adored the majesty of that mystfeal presence in aarhicli they had been taught from childhood to belioAre, and which Avas not more securely guarded from Avhat they Avould deem profanation by a minute and elaborate ritual, than by tho tender instinct and jealous devotion of the faithful themselves. Noav, Archdeacon Chasuble and liis friends professed to Inwe the poAver to consecrate the host. He Avould ask leave to address them a serious question. Would they maintain, in the face of history and of the unanimous testimony of the Avhole people of these islands, that any provision AvhateArer Avas made for such a guest in the Church of England ? Where Avas the taber nacle 1 Broken into fragments like the altar upon Avhich it once stood ! Where Avas the ritual, defining Avith more than legal preci sion Iioav such a mystery should be handled ? It Avas utterly silent on the Avliole subject, de claring only that Christ's body could not be "in tAVO places at once," leaA'ing the poor sliadoAV to the caprice of minister and people, and sternly forbidding that the reality should be " lifted up or AArorshipped." Did this look like a design on the part of the English Church to furnish a lodging for Avhat the Catholics called " the sacramental king ?" It Avould be a" sentence of death upon her to suppose it. Either she believed the mystery, and did not care to make any preparation for it, Avliich Avould be charging her Avith irreverenee, such as fiends could not surpass, or she utterly rejected it, and then her ritual and her practice enforced and illustrated the denial. If his High Church friends — avIio really seemed to him to belieATe nothing so little as the arery dogmas Avhicli they professed to regard Avith solemn aAve, but of AAdiich they tranquilly contemplated the utter desecration day by day in their communion — Avould consider Avhat had been the attendant circumstances, already glanced at by previous speakers, in ca-ery celebration of the Lord's Supper during three hundred years, he conceived that they Avould not dare to impute to the Church of England any belief in the Real Presence. It would be a gratuitous outrage upon her. Using always conmon lcaA'ened bread — as if on pur pose to multiply the chances of accident, against Avhich she litterally made no provi- sion AAdiatever, so utterly indifferent Avas she to the Avhole matter — crumbs must inevita bly be scattered about the communion rails, and be abandoned to AvhateArer fate might befall them, including that of being removed by an old Avomen Avith her shovel oil the Monday morning. MoreoA'er, Avliole masses of "consecrated" bread and Avine, not con sumed by the communicants. Avere after- Avards, in a multitude of parishes, and even in some of their cathedrals, left to the dis- w? cretion of the clerk, avIio took tliem home, or cast them into a graveyard, or otherAvise disposed of these despised fragments of a diArine banquet, at his oavii caprice. And their Prayer-Book contained nothing to pre vent such acts, to Avhich bishops and other dignitaries Avere constantly consenting par ties. Noav he had taken pains to enquire of a Roman Catholic friend Avliat Avas the prac tice of his Church. Her rubrics, Avhich he had examined, seemed to make proATision for . eAery conceivable accident Avhicli could pos sibly occur, and minutely directed in Avhat manner they should generally be dealt Avith. If, in spite of every precaution, a particle should fall to the ground — an event, he was assured, Avhich Avas almost unknoAvn — it Avas immediately raised Avitli all reverence, and replaced in tlie Paten or Ciborium, and at the close of the service the clergy Avent in procession, and, kneeling on tlicir knees, cut out the piece of the carpet on Avhicli the par ticle had fallen, and carefully consumed it by fire. Well, these men Avere at least con sistent. God forbid that he should sneer at them. They practised AAdiat they pro fessed to believe, and Avhat, doubtless, they did believe. But Iioav Avas it, Iioav had it ever been, in the English Church? Suppose there Avere in England ten thousand churches, and that the Lord's Supper had been celebrated in each of them four times a year for three hundred years. It Avould fol- Ioav, on the theory of High Churchmen, that a stupendous sacrilege had been enacted in England, since the Reformation, at least tAvelve million times ; and that the worst horrors and ignominies of the Passion had beeu reneAved in the Church of England, Avithout fear and Avithout remorse, every time Communion Avas given to her members. For his part, he Avould abandon that Church on the instant, in horror and trembling, if he held the opinions of Archdeacon Chasuble. But he hastened to add, that there Avas nothing in Avhat ho had said to disturb the most timid conscience. The appalling scenes Avliich he had imagined had never really oc curred. The Church of England believed nothing of these dread mysteries, and there fore made no provisions against their profana tion, He Avould take the liberty to add, that it Avas very evident his High Church friends did not believe them either ; for if they did. they could not remain another hour in the English Church. ( To be continued.) 