THE CHARGE OP MURDERING OHILDREN. (From thc Baili/ News, May 19.) Yesterday afternoon the girl Agnes Norman waB again placed in the dock at thc Lambeth police court, on remand, charged with the murder of Jessie Jane Beer, an infant. Mr. St. John Wontner (in the absence of Mr. Poland) appeared to prosecuto ; and Mr. Morgan Thomas again defended the prisoner. The first witness called was Mrs. Gardener, a married woman,livingat Grosvenor« villas, Grosvenor road, Stockwell. She formerly lived at 147, Stock well Park-road. On the 21at April, 1870, prisoner entered her service. [Prisoner here had to be i seated.] Witness continued to say she had no cha racter with her. In about ten days after she remem bered Mrs. Taylor coming to spend the evening there. She brought her baby with her. It was a perfectly healthy child. She saw Mrs. Taylor put tho child to bed about twenty minutes past 8 o'olock, and when she left tho room it was fast asleep. At about a quarter to ll she and Mrs. Taylor went into the room. The baby was in tho samo position as when they left it, but it was quito dead. There was another child of witness's in tho same room, which had been in bed since about 7 o'clock. WitneBB had another servant there, named Elizabeth Golding. She was now present. An inquest was afterwards held upon the child, when a verdict of "Natural Doath*' was returned. On tho 18th of May the witness went out in the evening, leaving her child, James Alexander, aged fifteen months, in his cot, and when she returned at 8 o'clock the child was dead. Six or eight birds, two cats, a dog, a dozen gold-fish, and a parrot had been found dead while tho prisoner was in her service. When sho discharged the prisoner she gave her a character for sobriety and civility. She had no suspicion of the prisones àt the time, but afterwards thought she must have causod the death of Mrs. Taylor's child. Mrs. Fanny Taylor, the mother of tho child above alluded to, gave confirmatory evidence, but had no particular reason to think the prisoner had anything to do with the death of her child. Elizabeth Golding, tho fellow-servant of the pri poner at Mrs. Gardener's, gavq corroborativo ovi denoe, adding that, in the case of all the sudden deaths, tho prisoner was tho first to make tho disco very, with the excoption of tho case of the parrot. Mr. Edward Pocock, surgeon, of the Brixton road, said he remembered being called in to Bee Mrs. Taylor's baby. It -was dead -when he got to the house. He gave hie evidence now to the best of his belief, as it was a year back. He refused to give a certificate. Was not summoned to attend the inquest. Eemembered also being called in" to see another child in the same house. It appeared EB if it had just recovered from a fit when he saw it. Mr. James Dodd Swallow, surgeon, of 61, Ken nington Park-road, said : In May, 1870, he attended Mrs. Gardener's child. It was for teething. Did not see it the day it was found insensible. He remembered the death of the child, and WUB sent for. Had seen it on the 14th of May, and it died on the 18th. Whon he last saw it alive it waa suffering from teething and its effects. There waa nothing to lead him. to think it would die, but he thought perhapB convulaipns might take place. Had never Been it in convulsions. Ho gave a certificate to the effect that death had been caused primarily by teething, and secondly hy convulsions. Mrs. Elizabeth Milner, of 19, Park-road, Gros venor-park, said that in January, 1869, prisoner entered her service, her mother saying she waa about fifteen yearB of age; Witness had four children, aged respectively eight, six, two and a-half years, and ten months. They were all in perfectly good health when prisoner came to service, Minnie, aged two and a-half years, only having been attended by a dootor twelve months before, and then fdr her teeth. Witness waa in the habit of going out us an envelope folder every day. In February she went out, leaving prisoner and the four children. When she returned in the evening she found the youngest child, Thomas, quito dead. It was lying on the bed. Witness asked prisoner if she treated the child kindly, and ehe said ehe had. There was an inquest on the child. A fortnight after wards, on tho 24th February, witness again loft home. The children were loft with prisoner. About half-past 7 o'dook in the evening when she returned she found Minnie, aged two and a half years, quite dead. There WBB no inquest upon that child. About ten days after that prisoner was left in charge of the two remaining children. Upon her return the boy Arthur was insensible, and he remained ao until the following dáy. About 6 ' o'clock in tho evening Arthur told her something, and in conse quence of what he said, witness asked prisoner if it waa true what the boy had told her she had done to J Minnie. Witness asked her if it was true what Arthur had said about Minnie being shut up in the wardrobe, and ehe made no answer. Witness thon asked her if she had done right by the children in her absence, and she said she had. She also asked her if she had done anything to frighten Arthur about a ghost, and she made no reply. Witness afterwards discharged her, and told her she believed she could put her in prison, but had not sufficient evidence to charge her with murder. She also reasoned with her, and asked her if she likod children, and she saii, "No, not much." WitncsB told her she had letter not take another situation whero there were any children, and if ever Bho did, to think of Tommy, Minnie, and Arthur i (the names of the children). To this prisoner made no reply. Then she discharged her. , By Mr. Thomas: "Was not told that Minnie was put in the wardrobe in play. With regard to Arthur being frightened by a ghost, prisoner said it was only in fun. Had no suspicion at first that prisoner caused the death of the two younger chil dren. She now had a suspicion that she had suffo cated them. Witness believed prisoner stifled them. Her reason for saying so was booauee they died BO suddenly. m Charles Parfitt was examined, and said he was eleven years old, and was now at school near Wind sor. Mr. Brown, of 19, Temple-street, St. George's-road,» was MB uncle, and ho lived with him in August laat. He remem bered prisoner, whom they called Helen. Upon the night prisoner had a holiday witness slept in her room with his aunt. He was awakened in the night by feeling something hurting him. Upon looking up he saw Helen (meaning the prisoner) on the bed. One of her hands was on his mouth and the other on his throat. He felt as if ho was being strangled, and he tried to get up. He tried to make I a noise, but could not. She gave him a sweet, and told him not to cry. His aunt oame up, and^Helon was then on the bod. He told her Helen had been trying to choke him, and on getting into Mrs. Brown's bedroom he felt a soreness in his throat, and his lip was swollen. Previous to Helen aoting so to* him hts throat and lip were all right. By Mr. Thomas: Often stayed with Helen. Did not very often dream. Helen told him she did not mean to hurt him. Mr. Ellison, at this stage of tho case, ordered a remand, and the prisoner was removed. 