\7W^^^l'-:ntm Ho.-tt ' \--. , -By AcKsxmsjt; ? fM£m pttaefe*! to tlie :oOJ«g» wnkSns 6 »«em3, «f wiiicn 45 are ia pwtare, the «-?' IMfttfer tnhU. About 89 ^ciw of bad, of #i*f*Jf nfebtacns art iu {Jesturt, tlie remainder aF4Mju-n»*fe asLla f..r«iporij*ent«l purposes, J n^iMd wakrthewitniltftbe profiw^rfl Wtfcritwr. Tbe ao£L which » very variable, J W«Bito tte -MOt» fbrmatwo, nd to that sec- j tbn *f ;tt fcwwni as to* forest warble. It is codunad -tf mid tenacious clays, limestoues, j IMV«. «od inferior bmb; bat far tbe lamest I fofoa df tbe 6ro» ij of the kttw description, Wld: =ijuuseij!te.:1riv. -n «a agricultural point of I *Mjr, fe af in j^frri -r value. On the sides of j siawttf tfeeshffK^ tiie gut) is mj tbiu in places as fadrd'.y tu aline uf tbe i4-mirli takiiie a regular I fumrwwltcc uf.froui Jiu. tu 4iti., without tbe share jrmtiup atVu;, ami -it-d'ui^ iirafciu? np. tlie UuderfriK* pvk. 'f lie dm-artm- »f tlie sinl iriiflfere so .great i;.1:, that in gum? Heidi m- less thitiiithiwoT icwr tawtta ms.v be fnmii As th*,«Bk&8 «pt» sljiust .riirirulv up mi the Ume xUmerm-k «if lii* iicigiitMrh'xw]. wliirli f-«-ni9 a JjortMtfl Kiiljsiil, nnj ctni^e.ruuiiily gives ri« tu nstarg! -t«JJ)a?c, b-Jt fesvdraiiri'.-irte trecessurr. XtiOMf taw areiu ceitaiu porttmii ..f .t field where a veia -if day is mrt with, or the downward passage uf water i* implied by the impervious nature (ff'tiie sntoiMi. The form lias within a ring-fence, altlioueb the Ikiaudary is .suuievrlmt irregular, and the extreuritin* rattier widis apart, it i* divided into 2- fit-Ms, v;.ryiiiR in size from 10 acre* ti) 30acri». About tlirae-fimrtin of the land is conveniently situate:! as regards the farm build *»«???». .Uie remainder ia scattered, difficult of necc-sM. and enatlv t.i oultjv.ite by reason of tbe irr.-.'.siaj- suif if:r-, 'i'lio iiititinii iif.cri-;H folliweil, nt least on the better |«nrlii-:i -.f «ln- l.uij is tj«- Vorfolk water cuoraj gyctjiu, pi.its, barley, seeds, wheat, and ini.\au'j,.sfii» bci;j^ mixtures of clovers and itr.isftc* suiMOJi! t.» tilt; s^/il and district It i-, lioweviic. tii^iulu proper at times to vary this nitaCimi, in unlm- thut clorer miy not be grown too frcifieuily ..:i the ffioun.l. n precautionary flie;i*uie wiijdii in these days of clover sickness is M Je^irabli!. This is nccoiuplished by muviiiij a be.Hii citfjj after wbe.it upon tbe more I Tcnachtus si.iIh, wberens mi those of a lighter jintnre iieas an substituted for beans. On the Biuli, power noiis, the ssed.- are allowed to reni.iui a second year, as u the custom with the CitswolJ farmers of the neishiwurhood ; and «n tlnjaa jKirtions of the farm where the soil is very linn, and therefore very subject to drought dunntf the aiimmpr mont-lie aain^in i* lAl./.ni.r ♦frown, and allowed to remain down two, and at times three or four years. Sainfoin is a favorite sheep fiiod with the Cotswold shepherds, and owin» to its great fa^ilitr for resisting drought end its suitableness to soils of a dry calcareous nature, it is considered to be oue 'of the most useful anJ most profitable green-crops grown on the thru brash uf the Citsvvold bills. Other crops in addition tu those already mentioned are grown, and of late experiments on a large «c:ue have been carried out on tbe growth of pota \anety of soil, if it entails creator risk and Rwtiety ap-ui the cultivator, afiords thelonlcer «'».- mi opportunity of n^quaintiii;; himself with the several systems of management which are beni? pursued, as this is desirable at an agricul tural educational establishment. The after cul tivation of both cereal and roots is vigorously persevered in whenever the weather renders it possible to hoe them. The implements used are all of the most modern invention. The farm buildings are massive, roomy, and yell constructed, and comprise all the requisites for a farm ot this size. They are arranged into three main parallel ranges. There is a fixed en gine of 10-horae power, giving motiou to a threshing machine in an adjoining barn, to a pair of stones for grinding and bruising corn, to chaff and root cutters, nulpers, cake ctiishers, and to the pumps. The centre range is occupied by the feeding boxes and cow uouse. At one end of the building is the chaff and root house, where all the food is prepared lor the stock ; tbe latter being con veniently located ou either side of the building in yards, sheds, and Rtyes. Another niaiu rauge forms the cart-stable, the interior of which l8 so divided that eacS animal can move about at pleasure, and be fed at the head. Two harness rooms lead out of this Vmldl;l(, &-tbe yard- aud fecing them is a line of buildings comprising a slaughter-house tool and artificial manure-hSuse. offi« *!,,„«£; mactsnuth and carpenter, and the stockman's cottage. The thjrd mam range comprises chiefly Iff aA li.MamJai^» f-« tlie shelter of store cattle.during the winter. Under the roof of a rango of buildings running at right angles to those alrwdy mentioned, are situated tEecart sheds, hay and straw lofts, nnd the granary The implement shed forms another range parallel to the last mentioned. The farm housE, baiUfFs residence, and carter's cottage are situated on tile Smith-West. tllO rink-varA nn »!._ ? il. -c^. buildings. — — *-? «??-?? »??-; i«niu oi me The flock comprises 250 to 300 breeding ewes I*.*1? Pure.Costwold type. Much attention is paid to the improvement of the flock by the in K^'l011 'Jnm* ^rom 8Ome of the m'st cele brated breeders of the naghborhood. The ewe hmb are drnftedinto the flock, the wethers aTd cul ewes fattened off on turnips. The horned 5*2? ^!!*WS* c.°^- store and fatting W if «, good customer for milk, cows yielding it %r---» rli ? m -^'--»ot:Y DBuuumer meetings, Many of the college breed are aent to America, andsomebavecometothiscountry. ThehorW »° in°nulb«. » elected from the Clydeffi »e.Clfd^«y«whadtbeiireferencelbyreaM.n rf^eu- greater activity andmoregeneau^I $--; f*PfriaentaI farm comprises that portion bospitaL The eystem of croppinir the erom ^rt)lk rotation maybe considered aa the typical W» wheat crop is Uid out Into plots varyin* bjfte from i-«otb to l-»tth of an W^hf m» i a» so arranged that each plot heTa dupb! «*fk *» oJ»P?rfte part of the field ; each pfot SS^-fS?&'2? B*me proportions being *bZ*L ^5? &L;& 'PWatefy naped ant ? 3SZ£!3&*i£?£!!Z£ '^ b bwted in '^?g^iwgJliHEgf!g!gPJ'u'tJtyTe'- «noni-t of lilJr cotoi, «ad Ute Aeep «yeK'm mbm-', (ueatly killed for college use are weighed mbm \ 4ead Bj- this means the weight of tbe crop, tbe relative feeding qualities of the differsot kinds «f roots, and tbe amount of food consumad { to make « civeu weight of meat is nscertaiiw-i The manures used in these experiments have all I been previously analysed in tbe college labon- j In addition to the above-numed crops, qets, sngar-beet, maugel-wunel, vetches, rape, fa, sre grown ou tbe experitnental farm for experi f mental purposes The sheep kept on this part of the arm are pure Southdowus ; tbe lambs are all reared mid fed ou the farm for college consumption. Crushed to Death in a Cathedbal Clock. \- The bell-ringer in the cathedral of Wurtzburg has perished under very singular circumstances Tbe church possesses a splendid dock, with ponderous and complicated works, while a pen dulum of proportionate length vibrates to and fro trith a dull and monotonous thud. Recently the cl.tck needed cleauing, and the ringer was deputed to superintend the work, though he rue fully endeavoured to be excused from the task. It ssems that he never willingly approached thu Doliry lrom certain unpleasant associations. About twenty yean ago lie kiD^J his predecessor iii office, ac:usiu» hiin of oMrrying on a criminal intrigue with his wife. Wlien brought to trial he escaped tlie gallowj owiiisr to a deficiency of legal proof. The patronage of »nv of the canoijM then procured him the appointment vacant through the death of his victim. Hence, it is said, arose his superstitious dread in connection with the belfry, which was supposed to be uauntea Dy tne ghost of the murdered ringer On the morniug when the clock was to he cleane* it suddenly stopped, and the bell-ringer was no where to be found. A. workman from the town w;i3 sent for, and ascended the tower, wIipii lie was horrified to find the pendulum and 1-iwer works drippinir with blwd. Upon searching further, the body of the bellriujcer was found en tangled in the work, frightfully mangled and crushed. One supposition is that lie committed suicide by climbing up the pendulum and then pitching himself into the middle of the machin ery of the clock. But the wonder-loving gossips of the place, with a. thorough German propensity for the horrible, declare that the guilty man upon reaching the gloomy chamber wherein the works revolved, was horror-stricken by the ap parition of his predecessor sitting aside the great balance-wheel of the clock, and had then beeu drawn into tbe works in a species of horrible fascination simil.ir to thnt which a rattle-snake is said to exercise over its prey. There sat the spectre, rubbing his gory hands with hideous glee as tbe victim was slowly drawn in among the cog-wheels and ratchets of the machinery An agnnisinz yell, a crushing of bones, and all was still ! Such, according to the Ilalie is the newest legend of the belfry of Wurtzbiirg £80,000 Bequeathed to Six Horses'— The btandards New York correspondent says ?— Since the horse was invested with the consukr dignity by Caligula it is probable that no honors have been paid to tiiat uoble quadruped of so substantial a kind as have beeu provided by tbe will of an eccentric citizen of New Jersey ' wliu htely departed this life. The provision should rather recall the little Italian story of 'The Alarm Bell of Atri,' pleasantly put into verse by Mr Longfellow, where a horse having seized the bell rope between his teeth and sounded the alarm upon an occasion of great peril, was ever afterwards maintained in ease and clover at the excuse ui tue rawu. in win ot tne Jersey raan, bequeathed the bulk of his property valued at about j£8O,O00 sterliug, iu trust for the benefit of six aged horses. A tract sf about eighty acres is to be cultivated as their pasture ground aud source of supplies, and an ostler of experience and gentleness is to be employed to take care of them upon a saiary of £250 a-year Besides the uew-mown hay and farinaceous corn raised upon the farm, the horses are to be pam pered with the best food from the shops, and the sum of £60 a venr is net nnarf. fur thiu «,„-„..,.„ And, to two executors the will gives £2000 each upon condition that they shall see the wishes of the testator fully carried out. There was some other bequests for the comfort of old ser vants and retainers, and it is finally ordered that at the expiration of ten years, when in the course of nature the horses will have paid 1 Natures debt the property shall be sold-md tne proceeds divided araoug some distant refa tives. It is in the highest degree pobable that so extraordinary a testament as this will be con tested in the courts by these distant relatives uuoii toe oovious suggestion of a disordered in tellect, let, should it be sustained, such of the reversionary legatees as shall live to see the property sold will profit immensely by the delay in receiving their portions of it, since its value will be enhanced fourfold. It lies within a tew miles of this city, and the whole region round about is m great demand for dwellings fur the business men of New York, aud what prices it will bring in 1881 the most sagacious real estate broker would hesitate to predict Av extraordinary case of tlie ' biter bitten' is stated by the Ballarat Star to have occurred at tne Corner latelv. An pntj-mrioi-i™ -,.,j „..-. ? particular mining man iR said to have taken a quite as enterprising and not even so particular 'unin? neighbor into his confidence with a view to ng' the market with regard to a certain valueless stock. The little plot being arranged satisfactorily, jobber number one came upon the -orner, and lin presence of the crowd informed obber number two that he had been instructed n purchase shares in the company at oue shil £*£?..!?£! '»«?*?* * t^o thousand. Job j~. ..umucr iwo naa some aispute about price, but ultimately agreed to sell the two thousand shares, and 'number one 'asked him to step inside an nmn- plrao Vm fX» « nka^..^ r ? j..«.T I J.ne cheque— which was intended to be returned in due course— was stnpidly cashed at the bank .7. number two' and np to tbe present it is stated that he so far forgets the nature of the transaction as to adhere to the money and con viction that 'it i» all right.' Bather a smart transaction. Methods op Improving Health.— People in general suppose that by extracting and insulat ing what they conceive to be tbe nutritions principle or principles of any alimentary sub stwee, they are able with greater certainty and eftect to nourish the body of the sick and deli cate. Thus we continually bear of strong beef tea, pure arrow-root jelly, and the like, prepared with great care for such persons. But it will snrpnse many to hear thnt . do& fed on ^ strongest beef-tea alone, rapidly emaciates, and dies within a short period- and that precisSy tne same consequences would ensue on confin ing the strongest man to the same food. It is K& 225? '?S ** *'? the mort uotritive fe?rLb^-1i'ld '?*«?. b?th .^discretion. ?-Q''* ''.oeyww tne fiftieth day ; and a aW dkL KSTii g* fad °» «»e best wheat ?taMjdJes With all tbe symptoms of starvation, 2*M*»dy wrthm « forhuAt, and sometimes much sooner. The tame effects follow if thev ?^n^wiedia water does not MrriTe above » fortnight The reason of all thU U, that ^'^Toffood, and a oatain bnHc, »«!£ bdtonstntioii ;anditteaeli«nfl«ut weooght ?Z^'**to$* «^ m&ito; to wmbiiie too nocii nutriment fa fen antJl a intee. ItUtoo ??-??£ 