FKESBYTEBIAN OHUROH.-FUBLIO i MEETING A PUBLIC meeting waa held last evening, in the ' Presbyterian Church, Phillip- etreet, for the promo- tion of the achemes of the Presbyterian Church, by members of the General Assembly. There waa a nume-ous attendance. The Moderator of the General Assembly Kev. Br. Geekie, took the chair. After devotional exercises, the chairman explained . the object of the meeting. He referred to the past history of the Church the benefits of union, the necessity of training ministers in the colony, and the several schemes of the Church. .~ Bev. JAMBS BONTKOUNE then addressed the meet- ing. He was discouraged at the earliest meetings of Presbyteries and the Church Extension Committee which he attended here, ' hy so many letters of resignation and complaints of insufficiency among the people. But when he began to labour among the people, he waa pleased to see the great attention paid to the preach- ing of the word of God. He had seen in England the benefit produced by the introduction of laymen in the management of the affairs of the Ohuroh. Thoy did not send raw recruits to new stations ; hut .gave tho ablest men in the Ohuroh a holiday from thoir own pulpits, finding supplies for them, and Bending them to open new heida. Then thiy guaranteed a minimum, not of £200, hut of £400 ; and got some of the very very best men from Scot- land. The English Presbyterian Church was making rapid strides ; and people on this side were almost of the same stamp. It was a mistake to send young men to occupy new ground." Then there were here in Sydney men of princely fortunes and gene- rosity, not behind those in the city of Lon- don. The people here wera as well up on all matters as at home ; and he believed they were more intelligent than those at home. It was evi- dent that they had not ministers here to oocupy the vnoant places. They, spoke: of training a native ministry. Why not hegin at once ? Surely there were some who were willing to dedicate themselves to the Gospel ministry. Surely Christian parents were willmot to give to up one in a family. They would not get men simply sont them on present conditions. They ought to be training men. He had heard in this Assembly with regret, that they had opened their gates too wide, and admitted man that were not a credit to the Chnrçh. He felt rather queer when he heard thia, and thought the statement was made rashly. It had been said in a paper aanctioned hy this venerable Court, that artioles were sent out not worth their freight. He thought each state- ments ought not to be made. (Cheers.) Mr. D. L. WAUOK spoke on tho work of the Home Mission within the colony and Church Exten- sion. He referred first to the supply of ordinances to their own fellow-aubjects from the Mother country, familiea brought up under the Presbyterian Ohuroh at home. The circumstances of this country were very different from these of the Mother-country He thought they might learn muoh from the management of Churoh affairs in America, where they adopted much tho same prac- tice as Mr. Bonthorne advocated. They sent firat some cf their moat talontod and experienced men to atir up the people before they established a cause ; then, in the work of ¡ Sabbith schools, a well qualified agent to invite the newly-aettled immi- grants to combine in the formation of Sabbath schools. Then, when a minister came to settle, the way was in some measure prepared for him. But they must adept a system suited to this country-not following exaotly any other country. Besides their own Presbyterian people, they must seek the good of the neglected population of the interior. There waa a great work to he done.. The only way to accomplish it was for everyone to do something. He thought some of the town congregations could spare their ministers for a month or so va tho sum- mer to preach in tho districts _ where there were no ministers and ordinances. As for the expenses of such missions, tho Lay Association might provide that. Then ho thought they ought to do more for tho- heathen within the hounds of the colony, than the multitude of tho Chinese. There was a romance about missions in distant countries. He reminded them of the lesson given hy St. Clair to MUs Ophelia in Uncle Tom's Cabin. They ought to set themselves individually to sabk the good of ignorant souls. The mission to the Chinese hy this Church was standing still at present, for want of a proper agent who i oould understand both Chinese and English Mean- j while let them all try to, do something. He rooaraninn.rml tliotn «Il Cu -a-pi 41-. n,nHA of the Wesleyans-"All at it, and always at it." A Church that was not spread- ing could not he in a healthy condition, before God. The first necessity was to devote themselves to God ; and when they sent the Gospel to a new place, they should furnish their agent with proper means of support for a time. When Chris- tian life was awakened, thero would always he ample support. It was the general experience of the Church of Christ, as was said in the Book of the Acts of the Apostles, while thoy were walking in the fear of the Lord and tho comfort of tho Holy Ghost, they were multiplied. (Applause.) Bev. S, E. MACKENZIE said he regarded the Churoh to which they belonged aa ono of the moat primitive, apostolio, and scriptural Churches under the whole heavens. It was a Church which enjoyed the respect of many who were not within their pale. He would like to aee them draw into closer relation- ship with the good old Ohuroh of England ; tb have Christian co-operation and brotherly love with that Church. He would rejoice to see in this colony such a scene as was witnessed the other day in America when 150 of the clergy and laity of the Church of England-feeling that the time had come for closer co- operation among Christian brethren walked arm in arm to the Presbyterian Convention ; and Bishop M'llvaine saluted his Presbyterian brethren in the name of the Houae of Bishops, and in the name of the Lord 'Jesus, and Br. Hodge, of Princeton, addressed the deputation, and said to Bishop M'llvaine-" Fifty years ago you and I were boys together, in Princeton ; and evening hy evening we knelt together in prayer. We both drank in the spirit of the great revival of 1815. Ton have gone your way, and I have,gone mino ; but I ven- ture to say that during all these fifty years you never preached a sermon which I could not have rejoiced to have delivered; and I never preached a sermon overy word of which yon would not have fully endorsed. Now here, at the end of fifty years, we stand aide hy aide together, - old and grey-headed, looking not baok on the paat, nor down into the grave, hut onward to coming glory ;-we stand here, the representatives of two great Churches, and pro- claim to the world that we are one. in faith, one in baptism, one in allegi- ance to our Lord and Saviour." (Oheera.) Would that such a thing waa realized in thia country. But he (Mr. Mackenzie) would not forget that there rested on them a most solemn responsibility in relation to that Church to which they belonged-a Church whose sons and daughters had in past times fought and bled and died for tho testimony of Jesus, and passed through fire and water, through a martyr's death to a - martyr's crown. Ho spoke on the Church Extension aaheme, whioh he regarded as the main scheme of the Church. He hoped there was not a minister of the Church who did not labour and pray for the heathen. They were sending their money to the islands of the South Seas. He hoped they would soon send men as well ; and follow [ them with their prayers. But . he felt that that it was tho evangelization of this land, where much practioal heathen- ism teemed around them, which God had specially given into their hands to do. The welfare of generations to oome depended on the way their work was done. They needed a freah baptism of the Holy Ghost, that they might have more of that yearning of soul over perishing sinners which marked the sentiments of the great apostle of the Gentiles. If suoh a blessing were given, fruitful- ness would take the placé of decay. If they dosired. to see the Ohuroh prosper, let ministers not neglect their own vineyards. To reach the Presbyterians scattered throughout this land, they needed men of the right stamp ; they needed means ; and God's blessing upon .thorn. He had great con- fidence in the liberality of their people. In the honour of God, if they saw one asleep here, andona asleep there, while they could not exonerate tho sleepers, some of'the blame belonged to the ministors. If aU ministers of tho Churoh wero-men of tho right stamp, men of faith and earnestness, a blessing would rest upon thom. He would not lower tho standard of literary attainments; hut thero was something better and higher than these literary attainments. There was heartfelt knowledge of God's Word, experimental and praotioal knowledge, and earnest desire to save souls. He hoped when- ever thia Ohuroh Baw men endowed with these and with a good knowledge*of the Engliah tongue, they ' would give them the right hand, and h6lp them to labour fop tho good of souls thron»), out tho length and breadth of the land X' might learn from other Ohurchea, who e'mDloTî more lay a~ents. But, better to leave a distrfcf without a minieter, than tD «end a man who'*., without zeal, and who sought chiefly to make him self comfortable. If the schemes of th* Church ware to he successful, it was indispensable that the Beorí, should exercise liberality. 8om» of the concreT tions were contributing weU to the schemes of thi Church. None did hetter than the congregation over which their reirp/joted Moderator presided But some other congregations contributed ven scantily. Very often tho blame rested at tis doora of the ministers. When the (fturch appointed collections, the ministers ought te give their people an opportunity of contributinr In liberality, as in everything else, it was the duly of the minister to show an example to their coner», gâtions. He liked tho spirit of the address delivered by Edward Irving at the ordination of a minister when he said, "Oh, »rother, if thou grow rich if thou die rich, I will he ashamed for thee. .Look'ti the hard hearts of rich men, look at their self, importance, and pray to be delivered from that greatest snare. Thy «cloak and thy parch, ments, -deoent apparel and books, -ss these thy riches. Then thou mayest speak out to those who have, their thousands" Ljj all ministers make- it apparent to their congre- gations that their hearts are not set upon the riches of this world. Ho did not like the idea of sei ding to the home country for money to enable them to extend gospel ordinances ; but he feared this vu necessary, because the springs of liberality had not yet teen Drought into action here. He concluded with quoting the words of ona whom he heard in his childhood, Maitland McGill Crichton who, when delivering an address on Christian liberality Mid "Perhaps you wiB turn upon me and say-Whit are you doing yourself P My yearly incomn is £3000, and hy God's grace I am enabled to say, that before I tou'h one particle of that for secular purposes I lay aside ono- third of it for the cause of Christ." ' A collection was then made for the schemes of the Church. Mr. M'ALFINH said they wanted men and means. They wanted the gold and the silver to enable them to send forth men over this country, and to the Chinese, and to the heathen over the sea. lhey knew who had said " '1 he silver and the gold are mine." Their wealth nil came from the Great Creator, hy whose bounty they were fed. We are stewards of that gold and silver' whatever quantity of it may hi ours. We ought to spend it in accordants with His will, and put it out in forwarding and doing His blessed work. It is required of a steward that he should he found faithful. It is said, "He that giveth to the poorlendetn to the Lord." And will not He to whom the gold and silver ia lent hear it in mind and pay it back ? It ia the law of the Saviour's kingdom that when we make sacrifices for Him, we shall receive a hundredfold in this life, and in the world to come life everlasting, It was said by one of the merohant princes of Glai. tow that, year by year, as his giving; increased, so id his store. Ho had seen the face of one such maa light up whan tho means of blessing the Beady and causing the widow's heart to sing for joy was put within his roach. . He rejoiced when he had oppor- tunity of dispensing ,^* wealth. He built a ohurch ina destitute locality, and there attended to the preaohing of a man likeminded. His heart was like an overflowing stream gushing forth in kindness to his fellow-men. Why are the names of Howard, Wilberforce, Buxton, and Chalmers household words? Why is a halo of glory round those eames? hut because they lived and laboured, they sacrificed and Buffered for the good of their fellow-men. He often thought of the Bible as a beautiful picton gallery, and there was one pioture before which he often stood and admired,-when the Saviour was reclining in the hons* of Simon the leper;: anda woman with meek spirit and generóos woman's heart stood behind him, and breaking an alabaster box poured the precious ointment on the Saviour's head. And the apartment was filled with the sweet odour of the ointment. Under the picture wa» written " She hath done what she could." The» might be here young sisters, who looking on that picture, and reading the inscription would say : 1 want to bs Uko Jeans, Engined In doing good ; That of me lt may bs said She hath done what she could. They wanted the people in connection with th» Church te rise up to the conception of a hijjher lirun-aiitv_tn miran ,.o in th A -1-:- » «f the H»V10UT, and ' to the necessities of their fellow-creaturei. There was the rule, "cast thy broad upon tho waters, and thou shalt find it after roany days." Let them rememher Him who was rich, but became poor, that we through His poverty might ba rich. Lot them think of the noble men who had gone forth among the heathen to spend their years and their strength, and to lay down their lives for the work of Christ-John Williams, th» firBt martyr of Erro manga, and more lately Gordon; asa now lut, Bishop Pattison and his coadjutor Atkin, in the dil charge of their labours and self denial, had met , with on untimely end. Hid not a sacrifice like that speak home to their hearta. If these men counted not their lives dear to them, is it much if ws study, not how little, but how much we can give ? Shall England, the land of liberty, ihe home of the oppressed, the native land of Buxton, ?Wilberforce, and Brougham,-remain quiet, and euch atrocibe» he permitted ? Shall England, great, glorious, sad free, nat rise up in her majesty, and put down at onco and for ever such atrocious wrong ! (Applause.) Bev. JAKES BEMVIB addreBsed the meeting. They were now laying the foundations of the Presbyterian Church of the future,in this colony. They had a great work befpreJthem. ,There were two schemes on which .the. prosperity of this Church depended. On-these sohemes they should work weak after week, month after month, year after year. If theso two schemes prosuered, every Boheme they had would" proBper. He referred, flirt to the Church extension. soheme. In order that this should prosper, the other scheme must prOTM -the work of raising in this land a native ministry. Let them have men of faith, men of prayer, Arj tralian-bom men, with the love of country m Wa heart ; then they must prosper. It was the detyof tho Ohurch of Christ to raise her own nunutty. They failed in. their duty, as a Church of Obnrt, unless they sot thaniselves to this work, leer ought to set to tho work of gathering in, not only men from Sootland and tho Mortn ot Ireland, but immortal souls, wherever they were horn. If they lived for themselves, they coola not proaper. If they sought a native min- istry, they would find. He hoped bT-«»*5£ they would have ministers from all olasiet ci the community. Why should not rich men dedicate their sons to tho work of the ministry f How.**î it that rioh men made their sons l»^wH-B?ÏÏ3l men, or tradesmen? Whynot alio endow wa . sons for the -ministry ? If they bad men of tn» right sort, they would find them agein^MisgJin presenting their eons as an offering to Soi » »« ministry If we only had the necessary i"btTu for training young-men to-the ministry,yowg man would come forward. Let them keep, weinur what they needed. Then they must have money. If they were to ho equal to their character, ann » the position God had given to them, they »«««« ,to work rmd raise a capital fund; say L10,pOMe he used for the purpose of spreading their,tantea throughout the laid. To those who had suBsmMC L10.000 to the OoUege, he said if they could only give them another L10.000 they would go » ,mfi . way towards laying the foundations of a nos» Presbyterian Church for the future. Tbaù^ love tenderly and affectionately their own usurea. They onght to love their own Churçh-it» huwry, its principles. He had no faith m that ohwfr, it wai no charity to make other Charcha equal to our own They had no occasion to ho ashamed of his Church or his country. -xmi should have goodwill to all, >ndnoss M»» Churches, hut a ohild-like affection to °T Ohurch. Let them not forget that their «ec» depended on God. While using tho mesni, them not forget prayer and Belf-denial. * J Christian was bound to devote a part of ». T_V to th« oauso of God/ If they had moro ?y't.iI»aT liberality, men giving week after week ena y after year, according as God prospered tb^m, w¿ would have mora prosperity in their «0*1« their circumstances. There was ono_schemei new vet iuitiated.iby^his Church; and thal; they * look in tho faoe-rit.was an aged andinfirmnunu tera' Boheme. When .a man hod spent tho w« his lifo in tho Berrico of Christ, ho ought to tm some provision for his deolining years, x nt» h9 recoiva the servant, receivo the Master, sn» . 4 servant of Ohriat should he Wita «yon», when grey hairs woro upon him and ne ..»»? longer fit for service. (.Cheers.) Moderator Tho meeting was then concludod, ttsQ W»> pronouncing the benediction. 