? '''kNOX OF THE FOX. | fFBOM ONCE A WEEK.) | If every one of us whose ' soul — which I suppose means, in prose, stomach — ?« would sicken o'er the heaving wave,' be a 'luxurious slave,' as Lord Byron inti mates, I fear we must give up the preten sion to being a nation of freemen. At least, I know that, in maKing tne contes njon that I am a very bad. Bailor, I do not find myself in a contemptible minority. In spite of our island home, our sea-going pro clivities, and our sneers at foreigners, espe cially Frenchmen, I believe we are just as liable to sea-sickness as our neighbours. And yet it is always humiliating to me to ndmit the fact that lama verg bad sailor. 1 do uot even belong to the category of those most fortunate— next to the favoured few who defy Neptune aud all his wiles — men who go to the vessel's side as a Papist thief or assassin goes to confession — make a clean breast of it, and are all right again until the next overt act is committed. I am never at my ease on the unstable ele ment. My faculties are obfuscated. I ..-?.tint- rnnH nr writA. nr Innlr ftWiiit. imp with comfort My eyes roll and see double ; my brain swims ; my legs refuse to carry me ; my meals are a sorrow and an anxiety to me ; my sleep is feverish, and haunted with visions. On the other hand, my senses become painfully and preternaturally acute. I taste die engine grease, the smoke and steam, the tar, aud the wet mops — so arrogantly do their smells attack my olfactory nerves. The glare ot light seems to penetrate to my brain ; and every beat of the Bteam-pulse, and every sadden noise, gives me a box [on the ear. In Bhort, any tea voyage, however insignificant, is to me a season of mortification, With these prospects of enjoyment, one cold November morning, in the year 1851, I went on board the P. and 0. Company's good ship Filfla, bound for Malta, at Mar seilles. It was blowing as the wind knows how to blow in that southern port — bitter, keen, and furious blasts, driving the surf right across the pier within which we moored, and showering it over the as sembling passengers and the deck, which we paced in a vain effort to keep our selves warm while the mails were coming on board. At last, chilled to the marrow of my bones, wet, giddy, and shivering, and fore seeing the fate that awaited me in the open sea, 1 gave up all attempt at meeting the storm with any corresponding bluster of mjr own ; descended to my cabin while etill under the lee of the islands, and meekly ensconsed myself in my berth under all the rugs and blankets I could master. How many weary hours I remained there, I never counted exactly. Faint intima tions of the outer world reached me from time to time in my life in death. The clatter of plates, the crash of glasses, the calls for 'steward,' the boly-stoning of the deck; the 'starboard' or 'port' shouted to the helmsman ; the bang of the paddle against a nave, and its cry of triumph as it whirled in the air after con quering its opponent; the conversation between enviable non-sufferers over their braudy and water ; the voice of the captain reading prayers in the cabin on Sunday ; all passed over me in a semi-unconscious state. Time and the hour, however, run through the roughest day ; and as we were going rapidly southwards, and out of the influence of that vicious Mistral of the French coast, I gradually threw off my blankets, and on the second day ventured — uider the shelter of the Straits of Boni fuio — to leave my uneasy couch, and mount to the upper deck. The air was balmy and my impressions of the stifling imprisiament from which I had escaped so uninviting, that, when night came on, I Preferred to make my coach of a soft 'la'k and a railway wrapper, and remain, as thi French sav. under the lair star. It was stu. quito j^ when j ,„, awakened fruni a somd deep by something pressing ou tuy ank^ ^ looking up- I|)v|- gentleman, in tjie uniform of the English navy leaning on^8 bulk j had d,^ for my sleeping-place. A oeMy dew ^ m. lug, and the sailors, W.& the kindness and attention they usually su,wto helpless pas sengers, had covered me vith a tarpaulin, which this officer seemed to be uranrinsand tucking aboat me ; so 1 thankedMmTMid hoped he would then go away and leave me to my slumbers. Instead of this, he deliberately seated himself at my feet, an* fixed hus eyes on me in an absent, dreamy manner, which made ma feel rather uncom fortable. His look, aa well as I could see in the darkness, was that of a «leep-w»lker, or a man in the first stage of drunkenness : aud I tried to escape it by taming my head and dosing my eyes to sleep again j but in v-uu I sull felt his gam upVme j and at last it became so importunate that I could bear it no longer, but suddenly sat 'P, aud asked him point blank if he wanted anything. He kept his ey,«— almost with out any speculation in them— fixed upon my countenanoe in a vacant manner, and w silence, till I repeated my question. ' les !' he then said, slowly. « Yes-1 want something of you.' I waited to near what it was. He paused, and then added— 'I have been wanting you for a long time. ' Wanting w- «ald I, utterly pooled by jny strange interlocutor. ' Yea,' he replied, in the same subdued voice; 'waiting for you.' ' He is out of his mind,' thought L ' I must let him have his own way, and tell me what he pleases. M lead him on, and have done with him the sooner.' ' May 1 aat your name, air iH I said. Knox— of the Fox,' he answered, in tones of the deepest despondency. Knox of thq Foxf I repeated— for the names Were quite unknown to me. ' The Fox gunboat,' h« said. Oh, the Fox gunboat I' It just came ?cross my mind that I had heard some thing about such a vessel 'It was lost, I think, at Kerteh,' ? .-xVYe8-' **e »ttfwei*d. with* deep sigh, i es— it was lost j and so was V But no blame was attached to the com mander, surely!' said I, thinking that he alluded to the ruin of Jus professional pro spects, .._... ' Well, you «ie, I oould not be brought to a court-martial.' he skid. mHlr. «tie»n« I was lost' :~^y?rT*^'M 'HowdoyonimjBsn ^iosH^asked I ?. 'Drowned/ ^^^oomay. *W« fc*^s^*a**^*U4»^v«« hitherto, ^^nitohu«»^a»o^nadii) peared perfectly harmless ; but who could tell what his next phase would bit 1 The moon was rising. What stories had I not heard of its effect upon madmen — lunatics I He might throw himself overboard ; or ? horrible idea !— he might throw me over board. He said he had been wanting me —waiting for me. What fori 1 could do nothing to serve him. Perhaps he took me for some one in authority at the Ad miralty, or some great man in the profes sion. In that case I would undeceive him at once, and get rid of him ; and then go and warn the captain of the necessity of keeping an eye on this poor maniac. 'But, my dear sir,' said I, soothingly, ' what can I possibly do for you I If you and your ship are both lost, all is over ; and you can have nothing to make you uneasy. Lie down, and go to sleep.' ' I can't sleep,' said he. ' I never shall, with a stain on my memory.' ' But what can / do ?' ' Clear it up,' said he, impressively. 'With Ihe greatest pleasure, if you will give me the means.' ' I knew you would. I have been wait ing for .you— waiting for you ever so long,' he repeated, 'vaguely. Then, suddenly leaning towards me, his faint voice sinking lower and lower — 'You are going to Valetta, You will see the Admiral You will tell him that Knox of the Fox — ' His lips continued to move quickly, but no sound issued from them. I strained my ears to catch any. At last he rose, looked earnestly at me, and as he moved away, I caught the words, emphatically 'Tell the Admiral 1' ' But what am I to tell him ?' I in quired. ' Clear my memory,' he said ; and was gone. Was it a ghost ? The suspicion of my having been favoured with an interview with such a being made my blood run cold. It is true, I had always denied their existence, and yet ? This was just like one of the many well-authenticated tales I had heard, of perturbed spirits calling on the living to right them in some way or other J But there was no short of con nection between me and Knox of the Fox. Why should his spirit call on met Pooh ! nonBense about ghosts ! This was some man disappointed of his promotion, and crazed with brooding over his wrongs. I only hoped he would let me alone in future. But I would certainly speak to the captain to have him looked after, lest he should do anything rash. And, amidst these self- cogitations, I went off to sleep again. When, next morning, I did speak to the captain, however, he positively declared that there was no one on board of the name of Knox; and no man but himself wearing a naval uniform (he had been in the Queen's service). Perceiving me asleep on deck, he desired the men to cover me with a tarpaulin. Perhaps I might have seen him at that tune, between sleeping and waking. 'But I had a long conversation with the officer in question,' said L 'My dear sir,' said the captain, smiling, 'you must have been dr— dreaming, I mean, last night' Arrived at Valetta, I sought the hotel at which I usually put up ; but could get no rooms, either there or at the next I applied to. The town was very full, I was in formed. At last, the master of one in Strada Forni told me that, if I did not object to be put on the other side of the court, he had two little rooms he could give me ; and I was glad to accept them. The access was by a narrow, winding stair, made in the thickness of the wad), and terminating at the door of the outer room. This opened into a second, which had no other issue. The rooms were apparently a portion of some more ancient building, with walls and roof of stone, rudely cut and vaulted ; but they were good enough and sufficiently furnished, and I was soon asleep in a comfortable bed, under my mosquito curtains. As had happened on board the steamer, I woke up in the middle of the night with out any provocation. The stillness was profound ; and I was about to address myself again to sleep, when I was startled by a deep- drawn sigh, which seemed bat could descry nothing, and had just decided that it was only tucy, when the sound was repeated still more distinctly, and certainly in the room, By this time, my eyes becoming used to the gloom into which they were anxiously peering, I thought £ saw, through the open door, a figure seated ia the inner room, and leaning in a despondent attitude on the table. Surely I bad locked the door before going to bed 1 How could any one have got in I 'Who is there!' I called. No answer was returned ; but, rising from its seat, the figure slowly advanced, till it stood by my bedside, gaziug down upon mo, and moving its lips as if with a continuous flow of words, though none reached my ear till it turned towards the outer door, si if to depart. Then, a second time, I heard the emphatically pronounced 'Tell the Admiral!' and the apparition vanished. I instantly struck a light, sprang out of bed, and flew to the door. It was locked inside, as I remembered to have left it How in the world had Knox— for it was he, I felt certain— managed to effect an entrance I I went round the two rooms, candle in hand, to see if there was any other moans of ingress, but could discover UUUD* ' Who sleeps on my side of the yard !' I asked the landlord, next morning. ' Any of the waiters t' 'No one at all,' he said; 'the rooias are quite separate from the rest of the house. 'But,' he added 'you are quite safe there. No one can possibly get in if you locked your door.' ' Some one did get in last night, how ever, and disturbed me.' *' I am very sorry, air, It was a strange mistake for any one to make. I ought to have told you to lock your door. But the hotel gates are always shut at night' 'The odd thing is, that my door tmn locked ; and yet I saw and heard a mau in my room in the middle of the night' 'Oh, air 1' said the landlord, ' you must have been dreaming last night' The very wonts ilu captain had used. It was top provoking to be persuaded out of one's senses in this manner j but there was no good in trying to convince such self ?sufficient persons, so I remained silent, I determined, however, at any rate, to in vestigate the history of the unfortunate Kuox and his Fox as soon as I had time to look up any of my naval friends. His strange conduct in pursuing me, an utter stranger, with his grievances, and holding me with his glittering eye — as the Ancient Mariner did tbat unlucky wedding guest — whilo lie claimed my assistance, left me in no doubt as to his insanity. Besides, here he was himself in Malta. Why should he want any one to tell his story to the Admiral, when he had only to walk up to his house, and ask for an interview himself? I had a good deal of business to attend to tbat day, so this visionary affair was soon put out of my mind by the positive interests of the workaday world in which I was soon in volved. But towards evening, as I landed at Kixmaogiare Stairs, on wy return from the dockyard, it was recalled to my memory by the eight of my self-constituted client, stand ing just above, with his usual melancholy expression of countenance and attitude, as ? if waiting for somebody. Could it be for me he was watching f Hang the fellow ! what right had he to dog my footsteps in this way, and harass me with his crazy im portunities ? I felt inclined to kick him downstairs tue next opportunity thai offered ; and Valetta affords such in abun dance. But the thought of his dejected countenance and sad, weary tones mollified my wrath ; and I contented myself with the determination to avoid his presence, and be bothered with him no more. With this view, instead of going straight op the street — which would have led direct to my hotel— I dodged away to my left, and made a round, thus having to go down the Strada Kettle — where, about this hour, one meets everybody going home to dinner or to dress. The very first person I encountered was my excellent old friend the Naval Com mander-in-Chief, Sir Upton Ker, who greeted me with his usual bluff heartiness, took toy arm, and walked on with me till we came to Muir's Library. ' I am just going in here — do wait for me,' said he. ' I won't keep you two minutes ; and then you'll come home and dine.' Whilst he was engaged in the shop, I stood turning over in my mind how I should manage to introduce the subject of my queer acquaintance. It seemed simple enough to ask, ' Can you toll me anything of a man named Kuox, who commanded the Fox, in the Black Sea ?' Bat some how I shrank from putting the question. Suppose the answer was, ' Yes — he was lost with his boat' I did not much fancy being told this : and, then, what was I to say next f 'I have a message to deliver from him to you, but I don't know what it is.' Or, ' His ghost haunts me ; will you get it laid ?' Sir Upton would certainly tiunk I was mad. I was still hesitating and doubting, when, he returned to me. 'Now, then,' said he, 'you're coming to dinner, aint you ?' I am sorry that 1 cannot accept your invitation to-day, Sir Upton ; but I will just walk up with you.' And, with an effort, I added, 'I have something I want particularly to speak to you about' ' Speak ttwa.y,' said the Admiral, heartily. And then — stopping short, and looking in my face — ' Nothing unpleasant, I hope ! You're not in Queer-street any way, eh !' 'Oh, no 1' said I, trying to assume an indifferent air, ' nothing about myself. I only wanted to know if you could tell me anything about the Fox gunboat I' The Admiral started. ' The Fox J Why, it went down in the Black Sea— long ago.' ' And the commander ?' said I, despe rately, what became of him f' ' Let me see. Ob, Knox — wasn't it ? Dismal young fellow I No* and Erebus, I used to call him. Ha, ha, said Sir Upton with one of his jolly laughs. ' Oh, he is on the Pacific station !' ' Are you tare V said L ' Sure ! Who can be tare of anything J He may be dead.' I winced. ' All I know is, that he was my son's first lieutenant, when I last heard of him. But, bless my soul !' continued Sir Upton, suddenly facing me, ' what are you driving at ! What on earth, or on sea, have you to do with Knox or Erebus either!' ' I wish to Heaven I knew,' cried I j K J\nt f-lia lanf. is tvm Jaoi- Rir TTi*+Jin T have been worried almost out of my senses by the man these hut few days. He makes his way into my room at night, dogs me by day, and bothers ms about some mes sage I am to give ? ' Raising my eyes as I spoke, whom should I see over Sir Upton Ker'R shoulder, but my tormentor himself, with those haggard eyes fixed upon me. 'Tell the Admiral!' said he, in hia muffled ghostly voice. ' Confound it all 1' cried L, driven out of all patience,' 'here tithe Admiral Tell him yourself, and be d ? d to you 1' Striking the - ground sharply three time* with his oane, Sir Upton turned full upon Knox. ' A blaze of light suddenly enveloped the mysterious stranger; who, to my utter amazement, vanished away in its glare, with a tremendous explosion and a rushing sound ; while— gracious Heaven ! am I going mad toot— the Admiral, wheeling quickly round, displayed to my bewildered sight, not his own jovial, ruddy eouuten* ance, beaming from beneath the gold-laced cap he wore so jauntily on his grey curls, but — 'a policeman's bull's-eye!' which flashed its blinding rays full into Oiy eyes, Tnvnlnnfonitr T llftanui B fmr anA hiA my face in my bands. ' Only die carpenter to open the port !' said a gruff voice. The glad rush of sunshine and air into the close cabiu.driviug before it the mingled fumes of last night's supper, brandy, grog) oilcloth, bilge water, hot grease, and all the villainous compound of odours which nau seate a Bteamboat passenger, dispelled gra dually the distempered visions of my sleep, Springing from my lair, I thrust my head out on die opened porthole — ihe bull's-eye of my dream — and bathed my hot eyes an4 brow in the vivifying breese. We had just entered ihe Quarantine Harbour, and /were blowing off our steam with an explosive roar. Hie dark blue watersparkled in the level rays of the rising sun. The gaily painted-boats, with large eyes in their prows, dauoed towards us ou the swell created by pur paddles. The white houses of Siiema and the six-armed wind-mills of Malta rost botorema. Rejoicing in my liberation, I quickly pre pared to land, and was soon triumphantly treading the flags of. Strada Keale, unmoj lested by any grumbling nautical ghoBt. So vivid, however, bad been my sea- sick dream, that I could not entirely shake off the im pression tbat I had some responsibility rest ing on me, some unknown duty to perform, until I had seen the Admiral in the flesh, and heard his roar of laughter at my story of his metamorphosis into a policeman's Jan tern, and the consequent conjnring away of the pertinacious Knox of the Fox. 