'? ? TEE suicide of £jr Walter Montgomery _ th0 items of what may J-e regarded M -««« brought by the mail, the brief telegram. P rints the suicide of Mr. Walter Montgomery. «w°tbe the least interesting to a large .circle of rfll n°rnriB while he was in these' colonies ' he . friends, and in his professional character (ff'®,' admirers. Oo the stage he Teas strong ; ; ^vrfsee hs' was weak. What has led to his vnlr end -we nra not told, hut perhaps the uebnwfl gjtrocta from the Pall Mall Gazotte may .; ^fESlnetoit:- J ,, n- our theatres the summer is usually a season ancentxic programmes and histrionic experi ofrorious kinds are -quite permissible, if they S®„,1 indeed, matters of general expectation.' s® °„aeer withdraws from public life for a -while, ®6 nnke Vincentio in 'Measure for Measure* Sine an Angelo to supply his absence, 'lending ?Mir terror, dressing him with onr love, and ' deputation all the organs of our own P ? In this -way it happens that the Gaiety SSa is for a month to be devoted to performances ^ndv at varience with the character of its 'Sit entertainments. Shakespeare and Mas ?arere to take the place of Offenbach and Herve, ®°FjL jeftitimate drama is to prerail where bur , ns and opera bonffe have long flourished ffiher playgoers have, as Bome suppose, been llv'hungenng after' thin change of fare remains ita Droved; hut it had beoome very apparent that i r were suffering from a surfeit of the levity and !v!La which have formed hitherto the standing ' Kof the Gaiety. The interim manager is Mr. SSter Montgomery, an actor who appeared in Tendon w;th considerable success some few seasons wi and has tince won fame in America and Aus S Mr. Montgomery proposes to produce a n«W of plays of the highest class in rapid eucces ind has commenced his brief season with % Presentation of the tragedy of Hamlet. He claims Seenoe under the cirounutances ' for any short mmtoes in the appointments of the stage,' the Kf being ill-providei with deoorationB available serious drama. A petition for forbearance in regard to the quality of .. ,™mtiv mav be also understood. There are but few actors now extant who can boast mr experience in Shakspearian performances, and the cervices of these, probably, could not 'be obtained Jmder such exceptional . conditions. Mr. Mont «hmtv is assisted by u very weak troop, and the Smesentations altogether promise to be of iather a mtobift character. Htill, this conceded, the enter prise is 'by no means an unworthy one. The poetic drums bus besn so long negleoted that all attempts to retire public interest in regard to it muBt, almost of necessity, in the first instance be of an imperfect mi hesitating kind. Acting is at all times grcL:I-,- jependent for ''its invigoration and improvement ipmi the support arid enoouragemcnt it derives from th( 6iidionce. In any case the performances to be iiesented may claim attention and even prove attractive on the 'soore of their novelty. Of the aodero generation o £ playgoers there can be but few fho possess any acquaintance w;th the merits of jlaionger's New Way to pay Old Debts, for instance, as an acting drama. It is part of Mr. - Montgomery's, plan to revive this play at an early iile, That the Hamlet was a genuine success there oumot be a doubt, so was Louis the ; Eleventh. Olhell* can scarcely he spoken of with so much emphasis, and Claude Melnotte was excellent. Of lit members of the company there cannot muoh bo oid, nor of the pecuniary success of the venture, lie attendance has been good, but the houses by no means crowded. Doubtless Mr. Montgomery had irnde np bis mind to this, and tendered the reprc lentations from pure lore of his art, and a desire to impart a knowledge of it to the people. He will bo wUthough't of and thanked by real lovers of the inma for many a long day, and that is no mean reward. : . The Eunday Times of . August 6th cnticiscs Mr. Montgomery. adversely, thus: — We were not behind tk scenes: at Mr- Montgomery's venture, and cannot uy what amount of rehearsal has been given or what influence of stage management haB been exeroised. We can only say that the result, judging by the opening performances, is unsatisfactory,' and that a rery different. 'class of representation will be required before any decision as 'to' whether the public will scoept performances of the poetic drama can be arrived at. But to begin with the idea that one man isto play the herp of aU the poetical dramas at pre sent in vogue is' in itself to our thinking, monstrous. Not Garriok, nor.Kean, nor Talma, in their best d»ye would play a round of characters such as. Mr. Montgomery is about to assume. To enaot rightly a character like Hamlet is a work of supreme diffi culty and labour. An aotor says he has studied a part when he lias committed it to memory. Sup pose an idea of. spoiling a line by pronouncing it in defiance of emphasis and archaeology occure to him he considered himself inventor ot_ a new reading, lis same idea presents itself to him if he, stamps twine .where.a .predecessor, .was . wont to stamp once. Bat the real student, after years bestowed in sur veying a part in different aspects, knows lie is yet is yet fax frf-m coinjirehpnding it. He knows, more- : ever, that^ 'at the end of a life spent in loving and - | ardnous pursuit of lii' profesgion, he has mastered half-a-dozen Shaksperean characters and made them hie own, he has done well. ? Since the world began there never was an actor who coald perform respeot Bblytts featto which Mr. Montgomery challenges the attention of London. A dozen characters of the poetical , dramh represent all in which the greatest sotorsliave heen seen at their best. Hamlet is the part with which Mr. Montgomery has commenced and is obviously that on which he challenges criticism. That his performance of this character Is improved since he' was last seen in it in London, and that, compared with representations by living actors, it is more than respectable may at once be conceded. We cannot admit, however, that it throws -any light upon the character, that 'it reveals the nature of the man, or is in any sense the Hamlet of our ideal concep tion. More pains have, apparently, been liken fc give what are considered new readings than to illustrate ; the character as it is traditionally handed 'down. 'Our chief objection is that the alterations' that have' been made are' in fact trivial,' and that the idea on which they are based is erroneous. In giving a species of realism to many of the situations the beauty and dignity of the character are forfeited. We see a fairly well-behaved man placed in conditions of considerable difficulty ; but the Hamlet of Shakspere, prince; soldier, scholar, statesman, we do not see. Mr! Montgomery appears indeed to have limited himself to presenting an agreeable Hamlet. He has troubled himself little abort the psychological depths of his nature, but has shown him ' -worthy in bearing and . polished in manners. So far as this goes it -is well enough, and we find much for which to -be thankful in the tem perance 'and moderation of the early scenes. But ttu hehaviour is that of a noble, not of a prince, and flu kingly?- side ' iof the' character is never evoked. 'To . take an instance or two. - The | Burner, in,,' which his friends are bidden back, -ihb Would follow JBamlet wheh %e yields obedience to Jbe Ghost's summons, is hot th&t; likely- to have I kwn adoptad by Hamlet' were he master of his faculties, and is assuredly still less appropriate when *6 think of the possession in whioh all his faculties Onst haVfi :*been bound. His 'treatment of Ophelia toe -prbsaic.' Wo see an attempt to supply a ?noldve for 'aOtidn and language which the poet un doubtedly. 16ft ihe^ilioable. Nothing, Indeed, in perforinanqe is, to our thinking, mors inconsis Kot with the charaoter of Samlet than that ho would, before asking Ophelia where her father is, i«ep Denind-a curtam to see if ne is in hiding. To PT at all in such a maimer is unworthy of a prince ?ud is altogether inconceivable in the case cf a man like Hamlet. It is an instance of that over-emphasis *nd over-explanation which, to our thinking, is the jooat proBaic of all manners of treating the charac «®. On the' 'finer issues' of Hamlet's nature we So not dwell, but. maintain that; accepting Mr. Montgomery's own estimate, such actions as are exhibited are wanting in dignity and propriety. Tempeusce Hjlll, Prra-STBnrr. — The usual veeuy meeting of the New South Wales Alliance for Hi# Suppression of Intemperance was held in the above «ul last evening. Mr, Daviss traoupied the chair. 2ne audienoe was addressed by Messrs. Thomson, Adelaide, and others. School of' Arts. — The Lynch family of Bell V'W**! who appeared here so sucessfully some time ? *f°i havs announced their opening night at the School ~ Arts on Friday next, fcavingainae their last appear, y* given entertainments; m South and Western Tasmania,' and Victoria ; and, after the Resent short .'season, thtry intend to visit Sah Fran- ' S*°e. The .entertainment is to be diversified by Mr. _Empson, idio hu a reputation in Ethiopian wmedy j and Miss Olara Lea is to appear between the wees and mng to ten-bell -aoeonipaniment. The wmpanalogiana have added to their well- arranged gges 'Blng the bell, watchman,' and 'Fatten dear 