COROWA. April 152th. [PfiOlt ACOBBESfOKBEHT.] It will be remembered by most of your readers interested in woolgrowing, that at the late Exhibition of the Waligunj-Bb and Corowa Agricultural Society the wools grown in Biverioa evoked marked expressions of approval from both judges and visitors. It was then determined to test the commercial value of the competing fleeces by having them offered by Messrs. H. Cunningham and Co., of Melbourne, at public auction. This has been done, and tbe result is gratifviDg both to the growers and the Society. I am indebted to the Secretary, Mr. Donald Brown, for &e; following particulars of prices :—M'Farland, rams' wool, honorable mention, 8}d. per lb; Peterson and Sargood,' prize ram'e wool, lOd. per lb; Hay, hogget ram's wool, yj-d. per lb; Peterson and Sargood, prize ewe's wool, 10^d. per lb; Hay, 2nd prize ewe's wool, 9«d. per lb ; Hay, prize hogget ewe's wool, 9d. per lb; Peterson and SBrgood, champion prize rani's wool, lOd. per lb, and the same firm, for cold water washed wool, Is. Gd. per lb. Messrs II. Cunningham and Co. also make the following report on tbe quality of the fleeces submitted to their inspection, and the verdict of the judges seems to hare been substantially endorsed by their letter to the Society :— Lot 45— Baruga.—A good ordinary wool; some fleeces considerably inferior to others, being short iu staple. The best of the fleeces arc good, and a very desirable wool to grow. Lot 46—Hay.—A good wool, tolerably even in quality, rather short in staple, some of the fleecesshowing a want of clearness in staples, probably from irn' ported blood.' Lot 47—Hay.—Hogget wool, a very fair sample, many of the fleeces very well grown, of medium quality. We find the same fault as in some of the tierces of the previous lot—a tendency lo " fuzsiness," as it is termed. Lots 48 and 49—Hay.—Both good useful wools, some fleeces rather short m SBme staple, and Baine characteristics of two previous samples. Lots 50,51,52, and 53.—P.S.—Are four very fine samples of wool, good length of staple, beautiful quality, bright and clear staple, li^ht and clean — a most desirable wool. Buyers had some difficulty in realising tbo fact that these wools were grown in Riverine. Lot 54,—P.S.—A flrst-class sample of cold water washed wool, good quality, well grown, and a very useful articlo, the condition and get up is first-class, and if a whole clrp could be so well got up with cold water, little of the hot water wusbed would be required. Lot 55—Hound Hill.—Hot water washed—a very beautiful washed sample, though slightly barsh in handling, a fault that should be avoided ; of fair quality, well grown, and sound in staple; in its condition a credit lo the district. By the owner's wish, this sample was not offured. It is to be hoped our woolgrowers will (ate heart of grace by this very favorable and valuable opinion and that they will by no means relinquish their efforts to make the wools grown in this district second to none ill the country. If they do this, we shall toon cease to hear of buyers having any difficulty in realising the fact that first-class wools can be grown in Uiverina. The climate here seems admirably adapted for tbe cultivation of the silk-worm. Mra. Ncill has been making some Tcry interesting experiments lately in this new industry, and she expresses herself as satisfied that with proper care and management tho propagation of tlie silk-worm in this district may he made a commercial euccoss. She intends prosecuting this new enterprise with vigor, and it L- to be hoped that she will disseminate all the information possible upon this interesting subject. Mrs. Neill's experiments cleorly demonstrate one fact in reference to these delicate little strangers, and that is the wonderfully rapid way in which they increase and multiply iu this climate. A week or two since one moth alone laid five hundred and sixty eggs, and thrn quietly, aud with evident satisfaction, give up the ghost. It was about time. These eggs wore put by on a shelf, as it was not supposed that ihey would be hatched till next summer. The worms were, however, impatient to commence the world on their own account, and one night last week they issued forth to the number of four hundred—jusl a day too late to be included in the census. If the ptopagatiou of the spccies goes on at this rate, in the course of a few weeks there will not be a mulberry leaf from this to Sydney. 