THE GHOST. TO THE SDITOB. Sir,— In your last week's issue there appeared an article signed HamlePs Papa. I am quite confident that were Hamlet to reappear in person he would be exceedingly disgusted with the production of the person who had the daring impudence to forge the honored name of his loved sire and attach it to such a mass -of senseless rubbish. In scrutinising the article very minutely we can easily discern that it was written by a conceited coxcomb, who evidenuy carries more bowels than brains. He begins the article as follows :— ' Something sensational in Btraihalbyn in its present state must be a relief,' but I doubt if the writer has no more sense than he displayed in your columns last week whether the appearance of anything natural or supernatural could have any effect an him. There is an old sayingf Where there is no sense there is no feeling. Then he says we inhabitants of the spiritual take in the Southern Argtu, and he expresses a fear that they are sadly in arrears with their subscriptions. I would advise the Editor to get their arrears as soon as possible. Had Hamlet's Papa said we in habitants of some spirit sellers' spare room have taken in an immense quantity of ardent spirits, and we fear we are sadly in arrears for the same. This would have shown cause for the absence of sense in the article. He also declares that he is to ascertain extent' privileged in the world of spirits. I thoroughly believe him, and very probably accor ding to his imagination be has a great many at times for his companions, but they will be those which are best known as the blues, the effects of de&riam; tremens. Then, in finishing, he advises those who have seen some supernatural being, to form a trio and endeavour to cbarm it with dulcet strains, doubtless it would have a good effect if tendered nicely, and like his head p p (very soft.) I once beard a story which describes my feeling to ward the writer styled Hamlet's Papa. It is some thing like this : An old Quaker one Sunday going to meeting was overtaken by a company of young fops from the town, who accosted him in the follow ing manner :—' Good morning, father Abraham, where art thee going this morning, evidently inten ding to make sport of him; but this was quickly discerned by the good old Quaker, who turned ou them with a 1 ok of pity and surprise, and replied as follows .-—These many days havt. I been seeking my father's asses ; lo, here have I found them 1 Mr Editor. I shall not trouble you with any further communication on this subject, and any more articles that .may appear in yours or any otbex newspaper I shall treat as the braying of some stray a*s. Uy inserting the above you will greatly oblige me. I am, Sir, &c;, W. T. TBEGILGAS. 