f THE FUNERAL OF LORD BROUGHAMS ! 1 GRANDFATHER. ' Iy the fire: volume of the memoirs of Lord Brougham, written br himself, the following tntereetisg account , ' appears c:s the funeral cf his grandfather; — j i heard also from rny grand mother a remarkable ttcry about her hsifcoais .funeral. He died at j Erc-uzuam, in December, I7S2. Neither my father \- so? hu brother Jean were thea in Westmoreland. ' ChArles, Duke cf Norfolk (uther of the Duke wbo j went by the name of the "Jockey of Norfolk," after ! his ancestor of Bcsworth), was then living at Grej- 1 kcli in Ctunberiand, and being a most intimate friend of the r'az fly, attended the funeral as representing the . chi: mcurner. In that character his place was at the head of the tabic at the funeral feast, where he vy r-p ported by all the gentlemen of the county. ' Aft'.r the- dinner the Duke rose and addressed the gue-itJ is follows 1 1 Friends and neighbours, before I c'i you the toast of the day, the memorr of the der-Aiitl, I ak you to drink to »he health of the fam-y pbvsicn Dr. Harrison, the founder of the : feast ' ? ' ilarjy leasts followed. The guests drank long | nn-i dreply. The funeral then proceeded on its way \- to the parish church of Brougham, called Nine ! Ch:r:h«, a corruption of St. Ntnian, to whom it is !' d« inured, i distance of three miles, the road winding il;nz the steep banks of the river Eamont Arrived at the chur:h, the hearse was met by the rector, but the cofiin h-A disappeared I The shock was enough j to sobsr the merry mourners. On searching back, | -the cofiin is discovered in the river, into which it hid fellem pitched down tbe steep bank at a place j where protsbly tho hearse, driven by the drunken otachtnao. had lurched against a rock. The oak outer | eoffa was broken to pieces, but the lead remained J tLtict 'at tc bottom of the stream. The shock and tbe scandal prcdccei by all this had tbe effect cot only of sobering everyb->lr, but of putting an end to such dis graceful orgies .a tbe county for the future. The accuracy o: my rrandmotber's story was strongly eon- finned by an ev. -.i which happened many years after- .wards. In Octc cr 1SW, the wall of our fault in the ehasccl o( Nic < Churches had given way ; on the vault being ope: ed to make the necessary repairs, I myself saw the hid coffin of my grandfather battered and bulged from its tumble down tbe rocky bank of the rirer." The Tows of dedax,— The towns in the depari- meotcf the-Ardctnes have something of the simple' character which belungs to the couutry itself For tbe most part old, and often associated with tbe great wars of former time#, they still retain a look of antiquity, though in many instances their aspect baa bseo in some degree qualified by the busy life of modern manofaciures. Sedan, the principal town of the fourth afronilissemeDt, i situated on the csst bnk of the 3Ieuse, at a distance of 160 miles north-east of Paris. It is a fortress of some Importance for the defence of Prance from the side of 'Luxemburg, "ond'is planted oo an uneven site, surrounded by meadows, gardens, cultivated fields, and wet ditches, the last-named forming part of the syUm-©f fortifications. The castle, or citadel, stands on an eminence to the southeast of the town. It contains tbe arsenal and below it are buildings occupied as stores, stables, aodresi'dinces of tbe officers. Near tbe castle are large barracks, and two others iue sitUHted in different pnrts of the town. The military hospital, built on the north side, at a height of 130 feet above tho Meuse, , commands the town at all points, and, belog elaborately fortified, is considered the most impor- : tant part of the stronghold. Sedan was the birth- : place of the great MarMial Turennc, one of tbe most remarkable of French generals', whose ghost might ; well be supposed to have trembled with excitement j and indignation t tbe immense disaster which j befel tbe boats of France, with a marshal and an j emperor at their hoad, in this very town. In our j days, until the catastrophe of September, 1870, , the place was chiefly noted for its cloth, woollen, ! hosiery, linen, and other manufactures. It has now acquired a terrible name in history; and its j memories of Evrard de la Marck, " the Great Boar . of tbe Ardennes," whose successors ruled as sove-' j reign princes of Sedan, of Ilcnry IV. ofTurenno, and of Louis XIV., grow palo before tbe greater and more pregaunt facts of the existing time. The remote nook of northeastern Franco, situated in an angle between the projections of foreign terri tory, was destined to see one of the most crushing disasters that ever befel- a mighty nation ; and tbe melancholy old town, overhung by cloudy masses of mist, and wound about by streams and hills that mocked her with the semblance of defonce, yet were-incffectual to avert tho coming doom, will seem to theeyesof futnro travellers to partake of tho e.idne&8 of that trmredv to which it nffordad a background and a stage.— CaneU'e Illustrated History of (he IFnr. A chaplain of a prison, an enthusiastic devoteo to the temperance reform, liad tho idea that most of the convicts wcro incarcerated because of tho use of whisky. In his round he met a sturdy man of many stripes, and put the uBual question to him, " Had whisky anything to do with bringing you here?" " Everything, sir, everything," ex claimed tho moo. Tho chaplain was encouraged, and eagerly inquired how it was. " Well, sir, I'll tell you how it was. The Judge was drunk, and tho lawyers were all drunk, and brought mo in guilty/' n The Rival " Legs." — At tho Greenock Police Court, a handrtorae.IootciDg fellow, tiamcd Albert Larson was charged with assaulting Augusta Jackson. It seeais a quarrel rose as to the cutting adrift of a boat, but the dispute drifted iolo a question a to tho symmetry and beauty of the " legs of Jackson's daughter and Lawson's wife. Jacknon himself admitted that ho had said that his dHughtcr was not handsome as Lawson's wife, bnt thou she did not expose her logs like tho latter female—did not do so in a manner Jjoth immodest and indecent. Lawsoo then struck 'Jackson, who averred thhejiad boon spitting blood ever Moco the assault; In cross-examination, Jackson said he bad expressed tho wish that he would liko to have a 'wife with such handsome legs as Mrs. Lawson, but that bo would bo sorry to Too Ids daughter so show ng them. Subsequent witnesses proved that the whole talk had been in Norwegian, nDd ihot only the blows where English, ifailie Noill found the charge of assault proven, end sentenced Lawson to pay-a fine of- AT Is. 