f x m p d t a r w guuf INSANE JOKES. Why is a man of firmness bke a fellow with eight legs?—Because he is able to shosv his fortitude (he's forty-toed) What is the difference between a dying man and a chap that cannot guess this?—One gives up the ghost and the other the riddle. Why is a man slowly expiring of a lingering: complaint like a wretch being trampled to death! —One dies by inches and the other by feet. What is a man that steals boluses?—A pill-ferer. What is next to a pretty fight?—A lovely row. Why is it hot rigid to desert a woman?—Because she is then left alone. What is the difference between the old husband of a young wife and a parafine lamp?—One bums with jealousy and the other with kerosine. DOMESTIC HINTS.—A shirt can always be produced by sewing one. Children left alone in a room will soon produce a nice pickle. The dinnerbell has nothing to do with the peals of potatoes. If your coat is a tight fit, it is a case of clothes confinement; but wives generally do not go in for the silent system. The dark ages are those o£ ladies over thirty. MENTAL AND PHYSICAL.—The latest instance on record of sense being knocked forcibly into the beads of people is nairated by a correspondent oC the Dunolly Express, who tells how a refractory Jury was rendered unanimous by the forcible way in which the case was put te them by the Foreman—a man of colossal build and herculean strength—who actually had to hammer hia brethren over the head before they would agree to a verdict unanimously, on -seeing the striking way he had in laying the case before them. POOR FELLOW.—There is a man in America who has been arrested so often that the police are ashamed to be seen walking with him, and punished so seldom that he has begun to complain of it himself. A PLAGUE ON BOTH YOUR HOUSES.—A friend of ours describes the Lower Chamber as the House of Contention* and the Upper as the House o£ Detention. STBANGE EVENTS.—A man went to town yesterday in a towering rage. A lawyer also drove down to hiB office in one of his own conveyances. A cabman has caught a passenger in a wagonette. A lady who lost her temper has been seen in a pet. A farmer has soled a horseshoe, and heeled the boot of a coach. A case of blacking has been brought before Mr. Stmt; it was for blacking eyes. Some pigs have been sent to the Alfred Hospital to be cured. Two hones have been attached to the " drags'' hung up near the Custom-House. Dr. Mueller has decided that a dog-rose is not a colleyflower. A man having lost some harness, an analytical chemist has discovered some traces. A question has arisen whether a man can dot his (e)ize. A man who dined off a saddle of mutton afterwards ate a hanky pancake. A new kind o£ bean has been discovered—every branch of the plant has a tripod. ACCIDENTS.—A man has been drowned in s billiard pool. Ah unfortunate fellow has had his life taken by an Insurance Company. A gentleman has had his arms quartered. An accountant has lost his head while running up a column. QUEER THINGS.—The aunt that travels with only one trunk—The eleph-ant. A warm attachment—Fixing on a red-hot horseshoe. Shells not feared by the French—Egg- shells, pea-shells, and nut-shells. The birds at a wake—(HJowls. CONS When does a man wind up his affairs?— When his tick is stopped. What is most easy and yet quite impossible to do?—Lending your countenance to a friend. What bell makes most noise? —Libel(l). CON. BY A BAILIFF.—When should you give your clothes to your landlord?—When they are rent! MEMO.—The difference between an under-boiled pudding and a Lancashire dance is very trivial, as both are cloggy. GOOD PAPER.—This is an enlightened age—we are not alluding to the newspaper of that name— and the Press is its most shining characteristic. If the age remained in a state of darkness, it would not be the fault of its typographical teachers. The very names of the journals which greet us are luminous. First we made the acquaintance of the Banner of Light; next of the Harbinger of Ligld; and now we have to acknowledge the receipt of the Australian Israelite. This last-mentioned paper is devoted to the interests of our Jewish friends, and this is sot the first time we hare noticed the interest attaching to paper passing through then: hands. We trust-^and that is a plucky thing to do in these times—that we shall deceive no one when we say that this paper is-deaerving of the utmost credit. It should pass current anywhere as first-class, and be taken up at any time by the most careful Hebrew with complete satisfaction. HAIL AND BEEB.—By the latest telegram from Adelaide we learn that Aaitetones and a downfall of heavy wet were imminent. .This change will* doubtlesB prove most acceptable to the community, and prevent their being robbed of their beer, now that the brewers and publicans have combined to raise the price of malt liquors in that quarter. WANTED,—The keyhole in the trunk of an elephant. The handle of the brush of a fox. The teeth of a coxcomb. The castors of a multiplication table. The legs of a toadstool. The mattress of an onion bed. The hinge of the box on the ear. The cushion for ninepins. A piece of glass for the human frame. The opening dance of a heel ball. MISCELLANEOUS. A washerwoman's motto—Let us soap for the best. What is equal to a silver mug!—A Good wood CUD. What grown-up daughters like papa to do—To make allowances. A good kind of sap—Verbum sap. Query-Can a standing debt be set down / A jewel of the first water—The Yan Yean let Mark Twain says that the Sandwich Islands' dish of plain dog " is only our cherished American sausage with the mystery removed." Why is the difference between food and illness a mere question of point of view?—Because it depends on the site of the 1 whether it is aliment or ailment. A gentleman conversing with two ladies to whom Nature had denied the gift of speech, called it "A little exercise with the dumb belles." A few mornings since two gentlemen were accosted in the following magniloquent terms by a beggar—"Gentlemen, will you administer the balm of consolation to a debilitated constitution 