RELIGIOUS AND' PHILANTHROPIC. EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. The annual meeting of the members of the Evangelical Alliance was held on Monday even ing, May 8, at the Lecture Hall, Pirie-street. The room was filled with an audience composed ot representatives from tne various Uhurcnes. The Rev. J. Lyall occupied the chair. After singing and prayer, The Rev. J. L. Parsons, the Secretary, read the following report:— 'The Committee of the South Australian Evangelical Alliance, in presenting their annual report, are thankful that a review of the work of the year furnishes evidence of the necessity for the existence of such an organization, and also demands its continuance. When a littlo more than 18 months ago the , preliminary meetings resulted in the true unity of Evan gelical Christians finding expression in an Alliance not a few doubted whether the times were ripe for it, and some predicted that it would either break up through dissensions, or collapse for want of support. The Committee are glad to assure the friends of the move ment that not _ a single incident has arisen to mar the harmony of their pro ceedings, nor have there been any diminu tion of interest in its work, : Those who have taken the most active part in efforts put forth by the Alliance are the foremost to affirm that unity in action has not in the least fettered individual opinion, while it has enabled the Christian portion of the community to exert an influence in directions that would be closed to any single denomination. 'The last annual meetings were held in /the second week of May, 1870. On Monday, May 9, a prayer meeting was held in the Flinders street Presbyterian Church. , The business meeting for the election of officers and Com mittee was held in the Lecture Hall of the Flinders-street Baptist Church on Tuesday; morning, May 10, and, after the transaction of necessary business, a paper was read by the. Rev. J. Langdon Parsons on 'The relation of the young to the Churches;' one by the Rev. R. S. Caseley (for the Rev. W. L. Binks), on ' The desirability of adopting public measures for the repression of open immorality;' and one by the Rev. J. Lyall on the question, ' Are the present means of raising extraordinary Church funds satisfactory?1 Each paper was followed by a discussion. 'The public meeting was held the same evening in the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church. The Rev. J. Lyall presided, and the report was read by the Secretary, the Rev, J, Jefferis, LL.B. The Rev. J. Henderson gave a 'Historical sketch of the rise and progress of the English Evangelical Alliance.' The Rev. J. G. Millard spoke upon * Religion in its relation to commerce and the ordinary avocations of life,' and the Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson spoke upon 'The simplicity of Christian Ritual.' The Rev. A. Scales was to have spoken upon the 'OEcumenical Council,' but in consequence of the lateness of the hour he withheld his address. At the request of theCommittee he has kindly consented to speak upon that subject to night. The United Communion service was held in the Stow Memorial Church on Wednesday, May 11, the Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A., presiding, and an address was given by the Rev. T. James. A prayer meeting for Sunday- schools and the young was held in the North Adelaide Congre gational Church on Thursday. May 12. The chair was occupied by the Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., and an address to Sunday-school teachers was given by the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B. The series of meetings were brought to a close by a prayer meeting in the Methodist New Con nexion Church on Friday, May 12. Thi3 year tiie Committee have thought it desirable to limit the number of meetings to two— the meeting to-night for business and addresses, and the meeting on Wednesday for the United Communion. They have made this change from the conviction that it is impossible to secure good audiences on five successive nights. ' The Committee during the year have twice suggested that thanksgivings should be pre sented to Almighty God in all the churches of the colony— once in June, 1870, for copious rains after a long season of drought, and once in February, 1871, for the 'bountiful harvest that had been ingathered. ' On June 17 the Committee summoned a special Conference of the members of the Alli ance, and all interested in the sobriety and morality of the community, to consider 'the best means to be employed to stop the issue of night permits to publicans, to close all public-houses on Sundays, and to repress open immorality.' The President, the Rev. J. G. Millard, occupied the chair, and a series of resolutions prepared by the Rev. J. Lyall, affirming the necessity for enforcing certain clauses in the Licensed Vic tuallers and Police Acts and for withdrawing the power to grant night-permits by Magistrates were carried, and a deputation was appointed to urge the whole subject upon the attention of the Government. It was also resolved, that copies of a petition, to be prepared by the Com mittee, praying that all public-houses might be dosed duiing the whole of the Lord's Day, should be sent to every part of the colony for signatures, and then presented to the Legis lature. ? . . . , 'On June 22 the deputation appointed by the meeting waited upon the Chief Secretary, the Hon. Win. Milne, and received an attentive and favourable hearing, the Chief Secretary in timating that the Government would use their utmost endeavours to repress the evils referred to. The Committee feel justified in stating that the step taken by the Alliance, followed by the energetic action of the police, acting under the instructions of the Government, has^ greatly abated the shameless vice that before disgraced the Sity of Adelaide, and has stopped the issue of night-permits, except for legitimate purposes, throughout the whole colony. ' The petitions, in preparing and dispatching which the Secretary received most valuable help from the Rev. D. Ross, were signed by about 5.000 persons. A deputation waited upon the Treasurer, the Hon. J. Hait, to request the Government to introduce an Act for the closing of public-houses on Sundays, except for bona fide travellers. The Treasurer promised to con sult his colleagues, but ultimately the Com mittee were informed that the Government could not comply with their request. The Com mittee desire to express their thanks to the Hon. Thomas English, who presented the petition to the Legislative Council, and who subsequently endeavoured, though without success, to initiate a measure in that House ; and also to David Murray, Esq., for presenting the petition to the House of Assembly. 'On the occasion of the visit of H.M.S. Blanche to this colony early in the present year, the Committee, warned by past experience of the evil effects resulting from the opening of ships of war for public inspection on the Lord's Day, respectfully memorialized His Excellency the Governor that he would be pleased to use his influence with the Captain to give the public access to the Blanche on week days only. The Committee regret that His Excellency felt that he had no authority in the matter, and no right to use his influence. The Committee then sent a respectful memorial to Captain Mont gomorie, but no reply was returned to their communication, and the Blanche was, notwith standing their efforts, opened to the public on each Lord's Day of her stay at the Port and in harbour. ' The Committee believe that the only way to prevent a recurrence of this evil is to seek the co-operation of those in the other colonies who agree with them, and forward a memorial to the Lords- of the Admiralty, praying them to issue instructions to the Captains of Her. Majesty's vessels to refuse admission to the public on Sundays to the ships under their command. '? ' The Committee have pleasure in reporting that a Branch of the Alliance has been formed at Auburn, And they hope that similar branches will be formed in every district of the colony. ' In conclusion, the Committee would state that the quarterly meetings for united prayer, and the ministers' monthly prayer meetings have been held with, they believe, most bene ficial results, and they hope that each year the Alliance will be found to promote true union among ail Christians, and enter upon a more useful and prosperous career.' ' The; Rev. H, Fenton moved the adoption of the report. Mr. J. Colton seconded. Mr. D.Murray, M. P., read the financial state ment, from whichit appeared that the receiptshad been £25 lls. 9d., and the expenditure £25 8s., leaving a balance in hand of 3s. 9d. At the united communion service there was a collection, realizing £18 17s. 8d., which, by resolution, was handed over to the Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society. He said there were some accounts now due, and he urged a larger con tribution to the funds of tho Alliance. The Rev. T. James moved that the officers for the ensuing year be as follows: — President, Rev. S. Mead, nM.A.; Secretary, Rev. J. S. Wayland; Treasurer, Mr. D. Murray, M.P.; Committee— Revs. J. G. Millard, J. Lyall. W. Binks, J. Jefferis, D. J. H. Ibbetson, T. Piper, J. Henderson, J.'L. Parsons, and Messrs. G. W. Cotton, J. Smith, G. Hance, and W. W. Winwood. - ; ? The Hon. A. Stow seconded the motion, which was carried. ' The Rev. J^ Lyall then vacated the chair, which was taken by the Rev. S. Mead, the Pre sident elect, who ? acknowledged the honour which had been conferred upon him. The Rev. J. Jefferis delivered an address upon 'The Christian Ministry not a Priesthood.' The Chairman apologized for the absence, ' through indisposition, of the Rev. W. L. Binks, who was expected to speak upon 'The best means to be employed to bring the Gospel to bear upon the masses.' He also stated that the Rev. J. Henderson was unable to be present. The Rev. A. Scales then addressed the meet .ingupon 'The Ecumenical Council.' The Rev. J. S. Wayland spoke upon the subject of 'Christian Union.' At the Chairman's suggestion a vote of thanks was accorded by acclamation to the President and Secretary for the past year. The meeting was closed by prayer. ; United Communion Service. The united communion service in connection with the Evangelical Alliance was held on Wed- , nesday evening',, May 11, at the Pxesbyterian Church, Flinders-street. There was a large attendance of members from the various Churches, the building being quite full. Tho Rev. S. Mead, M.A., presided. Devotional exercises were engaged in by the Revs. J. G. Millard, F. W. Cox, W. Wilson, T. Piper, and R. S. Casely. Besides these there were present a number of other ministers, including the Revs. T. James, J. , L. Parsons, J. Lyall, H. Fenton, J. S. Wayland, J. Jefferis, LL.B., M.' H.Hodge, and D. J. H. Ibbetson. The Chair man delivered a short address previous to the distribution of^ the elements of tne communion. At the conclusion of the communion, a collection was made, the proceeds of which, after payment of expenses, will be handed over as before to the Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society, The proceedings were closed by prayer. ABORIGINES' FRIENDS' ASSOCIATION. - The annual meeting of this Association was held at the Town Hall Exchange: Room on Thursday evening, May 11. There were .about 50 persons present, and His Excellency the Governor presided. After the Rev. J. Davidson had offered prayer, The Chairman said he had received apologies for non-attendance from Mr. Oldham and the Rev. J. Lyall— the latter from indisposition. He could have wished for a larger attendance, but was well aware from previous experience that the Association had many more friends than might be judged by the attendance that night. They should do wrong to consider that they had few friends because the annual meeting was not fully attended. Judging by his own feelings, he should say that many persons considered it unnecessary to be present,' knowing protty well what would be said, and thought that they could do little good by coming. He did not think the Association depended upon the number present for its efficiency, but was quite sure that those friends who had constantly supported it so. willingly would not be behindhand in the time to , come. In fact, he believed this was much more a business than a talking meeting; but he could not refrain from saying a few words to declare his sincere adherence to the objects of the Association, and his earnest trust that they would never be lost sight of in this colony so long as one of the aborigines remained amongst them. (Applause.) It seemed to him to be the plain duty of those who called themselves Christians to take some care of the race whom they found on the soil which they had made their own, and that they must feel whatever they did for the aborigines fell somewhat short of what their duty should have been. It was a matter of great congratulation that in South Australia they had not to charge themselves with great crimes towards the aborigines. Happily, except in some instances in the very early tune, their conduct on the whole had been characterized by lazy good nature. They had no objections to give a bit of their bread and meat to the blackfellow who ap proached the dwelling of the white man. He was pretty sure to get a kindly word and some little gift, but very little had they done to civilize, still less to Christianize their aboriginal fellow-countrymen. He would not be thought to undeirate the kindly work which was being done by many people throughout the colony. It was within his own knowledge that many settlers and many good ladies had done a great deal to civilize and even Christianize the natives in the , neighbourhood in which they lived, and the institution which that Association supported was by no means tho only one existing and flourishing amongst them. Last year ho passed some days with great pleasure in tho institution at Poonindie, and that visit would have con vinced him— if he had required conviction— thaf; thosewho doubted the capability of the natives . . . s cotony to receive, imbibe, and retain civilized and Christian principles were very ignorant and short-sighted persons. Whatever standard they chose, tho civilized and Christian habits of the natives resident at Poonindia would bear favourable comparison with any white community he had ever visited, and he had no reason to doubt that in the institution which it was their special object to support many natives had been brought to know and to value those truths upon which they rested all their hopes, and that the influence of the institution, increased more and more every year. Any maa who said that their objects were vain and their money was thrown away could not have looked impartially at the results accomplished at both these native institutions. As to their capacity for civilized work, those who had laboured for many years in the colony were most competent to give an opinion of the natives in that particular. Last' wool season he had visited one of the largest stations in the North, and saw a native taking charge of the hydraulic press. He asked tho manager if he was good at the work, and ho said the man had taught a gang of white fellows year after year to work it. He thought it was a great pity that their efforts had been so fewtobringthenativeswithinthe pale upon which they so greatly prided themselves; but be tho institutions few or many, they were unworthy of the religion they professed if they set up a fixed standard by which they would judge their native fellow-countrymen, and refuse credit to an Association which was designed to civilize and Christianize them unless they came up to that standard. Who could judge of the standard which was required by a power and a love infi nitely higher than theirs; Who was to say whether the degree of elevation which tho aborigines were capable of was .sufficient to bo accepted by One who was infinitely moro merciful than themselves ? and who could say what standard they should bo judged by if they undervalued the degree of intelligence tho native was capable of displaying? He was quite sure none there that night would judge them harshly, but that it was their desire that the public should not lose. heart in the labour, and that even if they were to fail to make a single convert it would not lessen their duty, but they would still look upon it as the highest aim to which they could devote their money and efforts. (Applause.) The Hon. Secretary (Mr. W. Kent) read tho ajmual report, which stated that the wheati crop has been a comparative failure. In conso quenco of the ravages of red rust only four and a half bushels per acre have been obtained. On tho other hand, the 70 acres which were sown with barley have yielded about 27k bushels per aero, and the crop has been disposed of at a fair price. The flock of sheep has prospered. Beside supplying the station with meat, the sum of £87 12s, od, has been realized from the salo of wool. Altogether, tho sum of £500 has been obtained from the produce of the station. ' Turning now to tho more important work of tho Association in seeking to educate and Christianize the natives, it may be stated that the numbers connected with the station and gathered around it has been, on an average, 106 per month, including all classes. The school has, continued in a state of efficiency, many of tho children being able to read, write, and cast' accounts fairly, whilst their knowledge of Scrip ture truth is highly satisfactory. The average attendance per month has been 26. Since tho commencement of the school 111 native children — 54 boys and 57 girls — havo been educated. Some of these have joined tho Church, and af o among its most exemplary members. Somo have died in the faith of the Gospel, and some are leading respectable and useful lives at' various stations around the Lakes. ' Public worship .has been reguarly maintained on the Lord's Day, as well as on one week evening, and the attendance has been a decided improvement as compared with former years. The average has been about 70? whereas the largest number in attendance during any month in 1865 was 37. Mr. Taplin speaks of the attendance at the male and female Bible classes and also at the weekly prayer meeting as having been satisfactory, while tho singing class, conducted by Mr. Blackwell, the form overseer, has been tolerably successful, and has exerted a good influence. : 'The Christian Church which has been formed at Point Macleayis one of great in terest, composed, as it is, partly of aboriginals and partly of white people. Distinctions of colour and race are merged in tho common pro fession of Christ's name. The Anglo-Saxon and the Australian native take their places together at the table of Holy Communion, and declare, in the most impressive of all forms, that they are all one in Christ Jesus. The number of persons who have been in fellowship with tho Church during the past year has been 40, 20 of them being aboriginals and 20 white people. Two of the native members have died, and' have gone to the Church above; but it is gratifying to know that there are others preparing to take their places, there being at present four native candidates for Church fellowship. It is right to mention two circumstances which, considerably increase the value of these facts, viz., that great pains is taken in the admission of members to the Church, with the view of ascertaining that a profession of faith in Christ is made intelligently and consistently, and that the purity of Church fellowship is carefully guarded, not only by Mr. Taplin, but also by tho ' native members. When any of their number have been overtaken by a fault, they have been fonnd to deal with them faithfully and tenderly. Indeed, the zeal of many of these native converts may well teach a lesson to others who have en joyed greater advantages. Without any sugges tion on tho subject from Mr. Taplin, somo of them have been meeting in each other's cottages for the purpose of praying for the early conver sion of their heathen relatives and friends; and who can doubt that such exercises will be most profitable to themselves, as well as draw down a blessing upon others? 'In speaking of the spiritual results of the work, Mr. Taplin in a recent report writes as follows :— ' Since the commencement of this mis sion I know of 33 natives who havo embraced the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ. Of these only one has apostatized, 12 have died, 20 remain in. the Church. Of these 33 20 were at some time children in the school; and although I have here . put down only 33, 1 feel sure that others were led to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and be saved of whose faith I never heard, as they were snatched away by death before any profession of it could be made to me. I have had brought to me several times accounts of the penitent prayers to Jesus of dying people, and wo know 'He can save to the uttermost all who come unto God by Him.' 'It ought to bo stated, as a proof of the strong hold which the institution has taken upon the confidence of the natives, that there is an- increasing desire, especially on the part of the young men. to settle near the station. 'A very gratifying circumstance has re cently come to the knowledge of the Com mittee, which may be taken as a proof of the spirit of self-respect which the misssion has succeeded in developing and fostering. Three of the- natives, having saved from their small earnings sums of money suffi cient to enable them to provide themselves with, farm implements, have obtained from the Go vernment sections of land, which they are at present engaged in clearing. Their names are William McHughes, Pompey Jackson, and Napoleon Bonaparte. There are now four ' natives in possession of their own land, and it is earnestly hoped that they may prove successful agriculturists, and that othere may be encou* raged to follow their example. ' The Committee have pleasure in reporting that Mr. Taplin has forwarded to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, through His Excel lency the Governor, a comparative table of native languages and other papers. His Excel lency has communicated with Mr. Taplinj con veying His Lordship's thanks for the trouble he has taken in the matter, and stating that tho papers have been communicated to the Ethno logical Society of London, and have been examined with interest by Professor Max Muller, who pronounces favourably as to their value, and recommends that the Ethnological Society should publish them in the interests of science. . ? I ' As already mentioned, the financial position; of the, Association has been often, a source of anxiety to the Committee. Towards the close of the year their embarrassment became serious, but in God's good providencethey were relieved ?by an unexpected contribution of £100 from Sir; J. S. Ogilvie, of Melbourne, as attorney for Mrs. Smith, of Dunesk, Scotland, wh© is known to feel such an interest in the South Australian aborigines, and especially in the station at Point Macleay. The Hon. Treasurer (Mr. C. B. Young) read a statement of accounts, which showed that the receipts of the Association were as follows: —Balance in hand at commencement of year, £5 lls. 7d.; received from the Government, £524; subscriptions and donations, £343 lls.; proceeds of wool and farm produce, £501 9s. 8d. Total, £1,374 12s. 3d. Disbursements-Salaries, £350; rations, &c;, £341 18s. 9d.; clothing and blankets, £76 2s. 5d.; furniture, tools, &c;, £45 19s. 4d.; books, &c;, £12 19s. 6d.; travelling expenses, £396; repairs, £19 5s. 2d. ; wages, £354 3s. 3d.; sundries connected with farming operations, £83 2s. 4d. ; extension of premises, £28 10s. 6d.; printing, &c;, £9 6s. 9d.; freights, £23 6s. 6U; medicines, £9 193. 9d. ; fire insurance, £3 7s. 6d.— total, £1,374 12s. 3d. Balance in hand, £13 Is. Total value of pro perty, £1,675 18s. The Rev. F. W. Cox moved— 'That ' the report just read be adopted, printed, and circulated under the direction of the Committee.' ? ? The resolution was carried. The Rev. S. Mead, M.A., moved— 'That this meeting recognises the strong claims which aboriginal missions have upon the sympathy and support of the Christian people of this colony, rejoices in the degree of blessing which God has been pleased to bestow upon the laboursoftheAborigmes'Friends'Association,and commends its work to the sympathy, the contri butions, and the prayers of all who are interested in the welfare of the natives of this land.' The Rev. H. Read, M.A., seconded. The resolution was carried. Mr. J. Darling, M.P., moved— 'That the thanks of this meeting are due to the Officers and Committee for the past year, and to the South Australian Company for the use of their offices; and that the following .gentlemen be appointed Offioers and Committee for the ensuing year : — President— The Right Hon. Sir James Ferguson, Bart.; Hon. Trea surer—Mr. N. Oldham; Hon. Secretary— Mr. William Kent; Committee— Revs. F. W. Cox, J. Davidson, T. James, J. Lyall, J. L. Parsons, Messrs. J. M. Anderson, N. Blyth, J. Darling, M.P., A. Dowie, H. Giles, M. Goode, A. Hay, M.P., D. Murray, M.P., J. Pickering, W. K. Thomas, and C. B. Young.' Mr. D. Murray, M.P., seconded the resolu tion, which was carried. The collection then realized £13 63, lOd. Mr. C. B. Young proposed a vote of thanks to His Excellency for presiding. The Rev. F. W. Cox, agreeing in Mr. Young's .sentiments, seconded. Carried by acclamation. The Chairman acknowledged the vote. The meeting closed with the benediction. DIOCESAN SYNOD. The annual session of the Synod was opened ?on Tuesday morning, May 16, at St. Paul's ?Church, by the Lord Bishop. Service com menced at 11 o'clock, His Lordship being assisted by Archdeacon Marryat, the Very Rev. Dean Russell, and Canon Dove. The proceeds of the offertory will be devoted to the Widow and Orphan Fund. The Holy Communion having been administered, the Lord Bishop of Adelaide delivered the following Pastoral Address:— ''Reverend and Lay Brethren— ' The Prophet Daniel has recorded of himself that when the visions of the great. empires of the world passed before his mind he was * troubled and astonished, but kept the matter in his heart.' We, too, have seen during the past year the fall of one empire and the .rise of another. We have witnessed the passing away of the temporal sovereignty of the Pope. The States of the Church have been absorbed in a United Italy, and Rome has once more become the capital of a free and great people. With the political consequences of these events we in this place, and on this occasion, have.no concern; but their effect on the general interests of the kingdom of Christ may well occupy our atten tion. The loss by the Papacy of its dominions must needs affect the mind of millions ot Christian subjects of the 'Roman obedience.' Such a catastrophe after a possession of 1,114 years, touching nearly the feelings of one-half ot Christendom, must also interest all who .be lieve in the Corporate unity of the visible Church of Christ. Nor are the ways of Provi dence in this dispensation to be overlooked. As the sword of one Frankish monarch in the 8th century transferred the States of the Church from the King of the Lombards to the See of Borne, so the King of Lombardy has reannexed them on the downfal of a French Emperor to the Crown of Italy. 'Again, on the very day on which in St. Peter's certain Bishops claimed for the See of Rome spiritual dominion in matters of faith and morals over the mind of the whole world, war broko out between Germany and France. The foreign soldiery by which the Papal Go vernment was supported were withdrawn, and Borne fell to the Kingdom of Italy by the votes of its own citizens. It will be romarked also that not only France, but Spam and Austria, which as portions of the Latin Empire upheld for centuries the Papal Sovereignty, have fallen into the lowest state of political feebleness; while the sturdy vigour of the Lutheran Teuton has won for Germany pre-eminence in Europe. Infallibility may remain paramount in the Vatican; but an open Bible and a free Church . Are domiciled in Italy ! .'And are we to be told that there is no hope for the faith or morals of Christen dom because we. refuse to accept as in fallible the authoritative . decisions of the Roman Pontiff? Rather let us listen to the witness borne by the distinguished Father. Hyacintheto the fatal influence of that regimen. The fall of France he has traced to the ' oppres- ' sive and corrupted forms in which Christianity has been clothed1 by it This is the cause, he continues, ' why she is forced to remain .without religion, and consequently without a constrain ing morality, between Ultramontanism and In fidelity.' The remedy he points out is 'the Sacred Volume open to the world to enlighten and fertilize it.1 'Why,' he asks, * is it shut up in the obscurity of the dead languages, and under the seal of the most severe prohibitions ? The bread of doctrine and of life, which God has prepared for the 'little ones' as for the learned, how has it been with drawn from them? It is in vain to urge as a pretext the abuses of heresy and unbelief. Place the Bible in its true relation to Science by an intelligent exegesis, and neither will have any cause to fear the other. 'Place it in its own true relation to the people by a religious education worthy of it and of them,and it will become the surest guide of the life of the people, the healthiest inspiration of their worship. These are noble words, and point out the gain to Italy and to the world by the fall of the temporal Papacy; for what believer in God's inspired Word can doubt of the eventual triumph of religion over infidelity; of morality over sen sualism? 'Nor is the prospect of reunion among the scattered branches of the Universal Church and intercommunion within their common pale darkened by the removal of the Pope's secular power. The language above-cited of the en lightened monk, Protestant as it is, in behalf of the free study of Scripture, ecclesiastical reform, and 'liberty of prophesying,' still is consistent with the warm feelings and sympathies of the Catholic churchman. He is not one who would 'rend the seamless coat' of the Redeemer, though he refuses to base the Church's unity on the assumed infallibility of the Roman Pontiff. Against that dogma he has entered his unalter able protest. His is a different standpoint. There may be Catholic agreement instead of a unity of absolute subjection. '* A similar view haa been presented to us by . a thoughtful Essayist (Dr. Irons) in a late work entitled 'The Church and the Age.' Speaking of the Visible Church of .Christ in time future, he writes on this wise :— 'The spiritual polity, begun by-, the Holy Ghost eighteen centuries ago, increasing from age to age by means of Divine gifts, and by the change of the human character through the conscience of the indi ridual— that 'moral society' aiming to spread itself in all nations, and to extend a voluntary government of its own for the unity of its creed, and of its members, must, in order to do its work in the world 'by raising the moral standard of mankind,' recognise its own reality and unity as 'an organic whole;' freed on the one hand from Sacerdotal tyranny, and on the other unfettered by JErastian Government. Dintinct, indeed, from the Governments of this world, it will nevertheless facilitate their work, by acting in its corporate capacity on individual consciences. ' The powers that be' of human ? society operate on the external life of man; the Church penetrates the inner sanctuary of the soul, and by bringing men under law to Christ makes them subject to human laws for conscience sake.' 'Primitive Church.— The Primitive Church, One Apostolic and Catholic, thus ameliorated rather than revolutionized the pagan world, and taught men in the ' brotherhood of Christ' to love each other. The primitive Christians had one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all. They formed one body, as there was in them one Spirit. They had one hope of their calling, and with one mind and one mouth they glorified God wherever they assembled themselves together. The assumption of Supremacy by the See of Rome destroyed this unity. The dogma of infallibility tends not to restore, but to render it impossible. 'Divested, however, of secular power, the Papacy can no longer repress enquiry, nor enforce the separation of its subjects from the other branches of the Orthodox Church. Hence forth the respective positions of the Papist and the Catholic Churchman will be clearly defined. They will stand out as distinctly as does the Protestant now, who evolves from Scripture on his own private judgment his faith and worship, owning no allegiance to the mind or usages, the creeds or liturgies, of Catholic antiquity for the interpretation of the written Word of God; nor relying on the external witness of the primitive Church in its corporate existence to the genuine ness and inspiration of the Scriptures them* selves. Papism, Churchmanship, Individualism are the several forms into which religious belief and practice will now crystallize. Which of these will be most influential in restoring unity to Christendom may be easily conceived. Yet different and even opposed as they are to visible unity, Christianity, nevertheless, in its various forms witnesses for righteousness and peace and spiritual truth. It pleads the interests of man's immortal soul against the sensualism of a positive philosophy. If unable to prevent war it mitigates and soothes its horrors. It has banished in England the practice of duelling in private society, and it lifts up its voice against the conflict of nations. It has abolished man- stealing and slavery. It recog nises the brotherhood of mankind by sending its peaceful missions to the heathen and the savage. If, then, Sectarianism, with its narrow interests and petty jealousies, could be merged in the wider sympathies, not of a fleeting Alliance, but the permanent unity of a world- wide Church, scriptural in doctrine and apostolic in order, vast indeed would be the power of ' the kingdom not of this world.' The separation of the tem poral from the spiritual authority in Rome will have done something towards the accomplish ment of such an ideal. ? 'Church of England and its relations to other bodies of Christians. — But, it may be asked, what signs does the world at present show of any such confederation of independent national Churches? In reply, I may say that during the last century our own communion has been gradually developing this system, in the United States, in Canada, in the West Indies, in Africa, in New Zealand, in Australia, in Scotland, and last of all, in Ireland^ Churches independent on the State, having the same standards of doctrine, the same Liturgy in substance and almost in form, the same principles of eccle siastical order, discipline, and law, are in full communion with each other, in the bonds of the Gospel. They are all voluntary associations, self-governed and self-sustained. Of late also the ancient friendly, relations between the orthodox Greek Church and the Church of England have been renewed and strengthened. If Cyril Lucar, Patriarch of Constantinople, sent in 1628 the Alexandrine manuscript of the Bible to our Charles I., such friendly intercourse has been re-established by the interchange of Pastoral Letters between the present Patriarch and the Archbishop of Canterbury ?;— still more by the welcome, social and ecclesiastical, given to the Greek Archbishop of Syros and Tenos by the Heads of the Church on his late visit to England. 'Church of Ireland.— Since the beginning of the present year the Church of Ireland has entered upon this free career, and notwithstanding the baneful influence in times past of political corruption, she has shown herself capable of freedom and self-government. A more missionary spirit in defence, and inculcation of her reformed orthodox faith, will, it is expected, follow on such freedom from the trammels of Establishment. From these examples we see how possible it is for free and independent National Churches to be one in the Catholic faith and Apostolic order, as well as in full communion with each other, ministering at each other's altars, and as one brotherhood doinp the work of the ministry. It needs not the authority of a Supreme Pontiff deeming himself infallible to secure such unity, much less the coercive Imperialism of Erastian government. '\ 'Historic Basis of the Church.— In the his toric basis of the Church of Christ, ' the faith once delivered to the saints/ ? the form of sound words/ the threefold Apostolic Ministry transmitting to future generations the' genuine writings of Apostles and evangelists; hr tHe' specific trade-marks, so to speak, of Catholic doctrine — 'antiquity/ 'universality/ and ?consent' {'quod semper quod itJ-upie quod ab omnibus*)/ we have a sufficient- guide in searching the Scriptures for all that 'is neces sary for salvation. Interpreted according to this rule they are the voice of God speaking . to the individual conscience ; and against the Church so built up on the true Rock, which is Christ, the gates of hell shall not prevail. 'The Catholic Church.— One greatconfederacy, confessing one Lord, having one faith, one baptism, one eucharist. one ministry, one Spirit governing and sanctifying the whole body. of Christ, the Churches of different countries and languages may freely do their work of ex tending the Kingdom of Christ, and aiding each other by interdependence and sympathy under the Chief Shepherd. Uniformity of custom or worship is not required; unity of faith and order, of mind and spirit, is indispensable. 'Reunion of Protestants. — Here the question arises, should not such union first be sought among those Protestant bodies which, orthodox in faith, have separated from the national Esta blishment on various questions; such, for example, as ' connection with the State/ ' the triple order of the ministry/ 'Episcopacy itself/ 'the Sacraments and Sacramental grace/ 'Psedo baptism/ ' Liturgical forms/ and other matters. To those who hold these institutions or arrange ments to be of purely human authority it may seem almost a duty for the sake of peace and unity to ignore or compromise their existence. But such is not the mind or teaching of the Church of England in her formularies and services. .'The Visible Church.— The visible Church, with its appointed ministry, sacraments, form cif sound words, and inspired Scriptures, are of divine appointment. The Apostles, acting under plenary inspiration of the Holy Ghost, fulfilled in these institutions the instructions received from our Lord himself. ' He was seen of them forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God.'— Acts i. 3. In faith fulness, then, to our Divine Master, we dare not tamper with or ignore such Apostolic ordinances. While we hold this faith we must act con sistently with it, and bear with patience all taunts of arrogance and intolerance, provided we are conscious to ourselves that we are acting not out of co)\tention, but in faith and dutifulness to Christ. Not in a self-seeking spirit, then, but in the interest of evangelical truth, the clergy of the Church of England feel themselves as a body constrained to stand on the historic basis of the Church of the Apostolic age. To abandon it would only weaken the evidence for the Canon of Scripture, upon which religion and morals depend. ' Binney Correspondence.— In 1858 1 discussed this question with the Rev. T. Binney (I trust in a friendly spirit), and pointed out certain con ditions on which alone I conceived the Church of England could give the right hand of fellow ship to orthodox Protestant Ministers, and admit them to minuter her services and occupy her pulpits. I we no reason to depart from the convictions then expressed; but, on the other hand, much remains to be done before they can be expected to desire such communion, or even take into consideration its feasibility. Leaving this contingency to the 'future/ I bail with pleasure the removal of any blemish in the Church of England itself which is calculated to perpetual* alienation, and to keep able and pious men from the ministry of our Church. * Esta blishment' is no necessity for a Church's being or well-being. It has ceased in Ireland, in Canada, in Africa, and in Australasia. 'Anglican Church in Australia Free.— The Church of England in this colony is free to regulate its ecclesiastical concerns by its own Synod. It is a voluntary Church. The lay members enjoy their proper influence in the Patronage, management of funds, and affairs of their own congregations. Parochial vestries are independent of each other. Very many of the objections urged by the Puritans at the Savoy Conference, April 15, 1661, have been gradually removed. The declaration of Subscription has been altered, the repetitions in the Service, unfrequency of Communions, use of Apocrypha, the selection of Lessons, have been amended. The Authorized version of the Scriptures is in course of revision. These changes, together with the decisions of the Privy Council on several points, as well as the recommendations of the Ritual Commission, will go a long way in removing things which heretofore have given offence. When nothing shall be left but what is agreeable to the Word of God or the practice of the Primitive Church, 'all will have been done that can- be done towards satisfying reasonable scruples.1 'The Episcopate.— Nor will the Episcopate, sketched out in the Canons of 1603-4, aided, as it is, by the Presbytery, both in the exercise of discipline and the examination and ordina tion of candidates for Holy Orders, offer much ground of exception even to those who were the bitter enemies of a Laud or a Sharpe. 'Happy, then, in her scriptural creed, primi tive liturgy, apostolic order, and comely ritual, the Church of England is so situated as to offer a basis of union available for many Churches now drifting from their ancient moorings. She may open wide the arniB of comprehensive sympathy while standing steadfastly upon the ' old ways.' Far from repudiating all fellowship with orthodox Protestant ministers, she has gladly welcomed of late several of distinction to her Orders. She has further invited the co-operation of others, being learned men, in the sacred work of re vising her authorised version of the Scriptures. The seeds of future reunion are thus being plentifully sown. In the interim we must be content to hold eaoh other in sincere respect and Chrstian regard, each being fully persuaded in his own mind, and waiting until the area of con troversy is reduced to a vanishing point, 'Privy Council.— I have alluded above to the subject of Ritual and to the decisions of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council upon various matters of doctrine and usage. Some of them are too recent, and at this moment are the subject of so much angjry dispute, that I forbear to enter on them, until time has been given for a fair consideration of the conclusions arrived at. A few general remaiks on the nature and mode of proceeding of this Tribunal may not be out of place. The Church of England undoubtedly upholds the supremacy of the Crown 'overall persons in all causes.' As the guardian of property held in trust for National worship established on a certain system of doctrine, the Crown is bound to see that those treats are duly carried out. Hence ecclesiastical questions must needs come before this Supreme Court of Appeal. Under the Mosaic revelation, the Lawgiver, the Judge, and the King exercised jurisdiction over the High Priest and his brethren. In vindication of his civil right freely to preach a new religion, St. Paul was not ashamed to appeal unto Caesar. Nor has any clergyman of our Church any ground of complaint, if 'the powers that be examine whether he fulfils or contravenes the trusts which he voluntarily undertook at Ordina tion. The Judicial Committee does not presume to male the law or doctrine of the Church. On the ordinary principles of legal construction it defines the meaning of rubrics or formularies. Judicial construction is then only open to Legis* ?lative bias when that meaning is doubtful and obscure. In such cases the writings of leading Divines of the Church itself in times past. have been appealed to, and guided the aecision — generally in favour of liberty and toleration. '?' Case of Hebbert v. Purchas. — It is to be re gretted, perhaps, that in the late judgment in the case of Mr. Purchas the decision has re stricted and narrowed, rather than tolerated or widened, the liberty of the minister as to the position in which he officiates. The view of the rubric taken by myself, in my judgment re garding the ministrations of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, has been entirely upheld; but I attach little importance to such matters. I agree with Dr. Goulburn, Dean of Norwich, that place, position, or vestment of minister cannot really affect euchamtic doctrine. Compliance, then, with the law as defined is a Christian duty. In the pre sent instance it involves no sacrifice of truth. The Rubric before it was judicially interpreted was manifestly doubtful and obscure, and there fore taught nothing clearly. 'Objections to the Judicial Committee. — Objection is sometimes vehemently made to the remarks or reasonings introductory of the judg ment recommended to Her Majesty. It should be remembered that such remarks or expres sions form no part of it. They may be offensive, but bind no one to accept them. They form no portion of the law of the Church. f : ; 'There is, however, a doctrinal view of the Eucharist underlying these minute points of Ritualism which even the Archdeacon of Taunton himself has condemned as 'being an undue approximation to Rome.' It is the local and material presence of the glorified Redeemer in the consecrated elements. Transubstantiation . and Consubstantiation are both eliminated from the Eucharistic doctrine of our Church.- Yet spiritually to 'feed on Him by faith with thanksgiving/ and that by means of the conse crated bread and wine, which are ' effectuous' to* the faithful recipient, so that 'he dwells in Christ and Christ in him;' 'he is one with Christ and Christ with him;' this is plainly taught in the Communion Office. Here is a presence spiritual and. heavenly, not local and material, but of omni present Deity. Nothing external can alter this truth to those who receive it, neither thd-jpfaee-' where the officiating master stands or kneels, nor the position in which he celebrates, nor the vestment he wears. ' General Results.— It may be well, then, here to summarize the judicial results of that Ritual agitation which has gone on during the last few years, and the changes, both in the external and internal condition of the Church of England which have taken place. Many of us are scarcely aware of the alterations, and few of ojher bodies of Christians care to be apprised of them. The Colonial branches, then, of that Church are formally declared to be w?iesta Wished. The Irish Church has been rfwesta blished. Tithes have been long since commuted for a money payment. Church rates have Ceased as regards Nonconformists. With regard to the Liturgy, its various services may be used separately. Objections to length of them and repetition in them are thus obviated. A new and improved table of Lessons has been pre pared. A revision of the Authorized Version is set on foot; Eucharistic ritualism, in some particulars alluded to above, has been declared illegal. The damnatory clauses of the so-called Creed pf Athanasius have been advisedly restricted to denial of the Catholic or Christian faith. Additional Offices for several occasions have been proposed, a better Hymnology intro duced, parents are admitted as sponsors, large parishes have been divided, insufficient endow ments augmented, stipends of curates supple mented, Theological colleges established, stricter examination of Candidates for holy orders re quired, parochial schools multiplied, and the pupils instructed i» definite religious truth, aawell as secular learning. 'So many reforms gradually and almost silently brought about are not less important in themselves than hopeful for the future. The scruples of many good men have thus been re lieved. It has become evident that any alleged defect in the organization of the Church, its laws, its worship, its doctrine will meet with dispassionate enquiry, and lead to the removal of whatever can be proved to be contrary to Scripture or primitive usage. What else need be taken away T '?For the sake of the truth of the Gospel, for the potability of ultimate intercommunion of the Churches now separated from each other, onr Church nevertheless must not abandon her historic foundation as a scion of the Catholic and Apostolic Church. To restore it to thai primi tive character was the object of our Reformers; and now she is a beacon light to many minds in Spain and Italy, which, unable to rest on Papal infallibility, are longing for Evangelic truth and a Reformed worship, without ceasing to be members of the Catholic and Apostolic Church. A Church, then, like our own, ret-ting its claim to authority in matters of faith on Scripture, in terpreted, not merely according to individual opinion, but the consentient testimony of uni versal antiquity, may in God's providence meet and satisfy such a want. ' It is easy as it is flippant to discard the witness of the primitive Church both to doctrine and usage. It is a ready weapon of controversy to claim for individual judgment the absolute right of interpreting Scripture as it thinks best. But let it be remembered that the strongest ex ternal evidence for the genuineness of the Scriptures is weakened in proportion as the cor porate existence of the Primitive and Apostolic Church is made light of. 'Even the sand of the sea shore, drifting and unstable as are its incohesive particles, becomes a solid foundation when bound together by enclosing walls.' Business Meeting. In the afternoon the Synod met at the Church Office, Leigh-street, for the dispatch of business. v His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide presided, and there was a large attendance of clergy ana laity. ? The Synodal Compact was signed, and the roll was made up as follows: — Holy Trinity, Adelaide— Rev. Richardson Reid, Rev.W. W. Ewbank j Wm. Gosse arid H. D. Holmes (Synodsmen). Chri8tchurch, North Adelaide— Ven. Arch deacon Marryat; J. Bath, J, S. Bellhouse, A. Cooper, and H. Y. Sparks (S.). ' . St. Luke's, Adelaide— Rev. H. M.rPqllitt; J. Williams, J. K. Hawthorne, G. Colyer/ahd W. Shakespeare (S.) . - St. Paul's, Adelaide— The Very Rev. the Dean ; J. Morgan and F. G. Smith (S.). * St. Paul's, Port Adelaide— Rev. 3. Green; H. Duncan and A. J.Edmunds (S.)..' ''''.' St. John's, Adelaide— Rev. D. J. H; Ibbetson ; J. Pritchard, T. H. Viney; J. Lyle, arid J. E. Clinch (S.). St. Bartholomew's, Norwood— Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson; W.S.. Moore (S.). . All Saints', Hindmarsh— Rev. H. M. Pollitt: G. H. Catchlove (S.). . , . . : St. Margaret's, Woodville — Rev. H.: M. Pollitt. ? ? ; ? St. Andrew's, Walkerville— Rev. Canon Dove: C. B. Young- (Si). ? - : St. Matthew's, Kensington— Rev. E. Jenkins; E. W.' Meredith and J. Howell(S.). 1 St, George's, Woodforde— Rev. T. R. Neville. ? St. Michael's, Mitcham— Rev. Henry Read; L. W. Thrupp and N. Oldham (8.). St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond— Rev. W. H. Mudio; J.'H. Wiles and W. Pound (S.). St. Mary's, South-road— Rev. A. Hpnner j E. Thornber (S.)\ : , Christchurch, 0'Halloran Hill — Rev; A. Honner; Frederic Wicksteed (S.). St. Peter's, Glenelg— Rev. F. W. Marshall: R. B. Colley and N. Blyth (S.). St. Stephen's, Willunga— Rev. E. K. Miller. St. Philip's and St. James's, Noarlunga— Rev. E. K. Miller; J. Mudge (S. ). St. James's, Blakiston— Rev. H. J. Poolo; B. GraWS.). j Christchurch, Mount Barker— Rev. H. J. Poole(S.). . ? St. Thomas's, Balhannah— Rev. H. J. Poole; Thos. Pugh (S.). St. George's, Gawler— Rev. Canon Coombs; W. H. Lewis and T. 0, Jones (S.). Christchurch, Kapunda— Rev. T. J. Smyth; J. Dixon(S.). ? ; ; St. Mary's, Kooringa— M. MacDermott. St. Jude's, Port Elliot-Rev. E. T. Howell. St. John's, Mount Pleasant— Rev. W. A. Clayfield. . ? ; . ? St. Peter's, Robe— J. A. Fergusson, H. H, Thomas (S,). Christchurch, Gambierton— H. E. Hughes St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln— G. W. Hawkes and N. Blyth (SA Christchurch, Yankalilla— Rev. C. . W. Morse; F. Halcomb (8.). The following Churches are recommended by the Election Committee for union with Synod :— All Saints', Moonta— A. SDence (S). St. John's, Macclesfield— Rev. C. G. Taplin. St. Mary's, Echunga— Rev. C. G. Taplin. Holy Trinity, Riverton— Rev. J. Houghton. The following Churches are not yet in union with Synod: — St. John's Auburn— Rev. C. W. Hawkins, St. John's, Salisbury— Rev. W. Scott. Holy Trinity, Lyndoch— Rev. R. B. Webb. St. Peter's Collegiate School— Revi Canon Farr, Rev. F. Williams. . On the report of the Election Committee, All Saints', Moonta; St. John's, Macclesfield; St. Mary's, Echunga; Holy Trinity, Riverton, were admitted into union with S3Tnod. ; His Lordship read his annual report of the Diocese as follows : — : 'I congratulate my lay and rev. brethren that at no time previously since I have admi nistered its affairs, has there prevailed so much of peace and union among the Churches, so frequent interchanges of ministerial service; and , never at any time a more diligent performance of theii sacred duties by the clergy. 'Clergy absent on Leave. — Ill-health and absence on leave have indeed inconveniently shortened the supply of ordained clergy; but I must bear witness, that the greatest readiness has .been shown by incumbents to supply occa sional services in time of need and the ordi nances of the Church, where lay^ readers have called , on 'them for help. Auburn, St. Luke's, St. John's, St. Bartholomew's, and Glenelg have thus been supplied during the temporary absence of their incumbents. '. 'Missionary Work.— In addition to my own. extensive tours in various portions of the diocese during, the last 12 months, including Port Augusta, Port Lincoln, Port Elliot, and the South-eastern District from Robe Town to Narracoorte and MacDonnell Bay, special reports will be given you of the mission journeys of the Bey. G. Dove to the districts north of Brough tont and the Bey. C. Morse to Kangaroo Island. An extension of pastoral labour of this kind is especially needed. . ?„., ; 'New Churches.— At the Meadows, Glenburn, arid Strathalbyn new churches have been com pleted. At Wallaroo an addition made, doubling its capacity, and other churches and schools are designed. 'Endowment.— The depressed state of the colony during 1870 has I fear lessened the incomes of some of the rural clergy ministering to those who live by the produce of the soil. It is to be hoped that from the abundance of the present season some first fruits may benefit those who wait at the altar. This leads me to remark that rural churches will never secure a settled ministry so long as the clergyman's very moderate stipend is precarious, and depends solely on the fruitfulness of the season or the fluctuations of trade. 'The labourer is worthy of his hire/ arid he who cannot get it in one place will naturally try another. But endowment to the amount of £50 per annum would add to the comfort, and so to the permanency of the ministry. .It should be remembered that here no incumbent can be forced on a reluctant congregation. ? .. ' Widow and Orphan Fund.— In like mariner the Widow and Orphan Fund needs augmenta. tion in its Guarantee Reserve. It is desirable that a subscription list, running over three or five years for this purpose, which the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel are prepared to subsidize to the extent of pound for pound up to £50 in each year, should be opened. i ' Offertory. — While on the subject of clerical incomes it may be right to consider how far a system of uniform pew-rents may exercise an injurious effect in excluding some classes from our churches. A like proportion of payment from rich and poor towards the minister's support is not reasonable. The offertory indeed supplies to the former a ready means of special liberality in that respect, and would obviate the objection. The Home Mission Fund of the Synod might gradually be augmented through the same channel. Sittings, indeed, must be assigned to families attending the services, but it is not necessary or wise to make the subscription to the minister's support by all classes turn upon the number of sittings they occupy. All are interested in this matter, because mi ill-paid clergy will be, in the long run, an ill-educate clergy; comparatively, therefore, of smalle influence, though pious and diligent. 'Theological Students. — It has been my endeavour to offer facilities in connection with the Collegiate School of St. Peter's to Theo logical students, so that the Clergy ordained in this colony may go forth to the work of the ministry better furnished with the intelligent knowledge of Scripture and theology as well the history of the Christian Church and the English Reformation. I am happy to report that four young men of good promise are now pursuing their studies there, for whom I hope to provide more systematic instruction when the calls on the time of myself and the Chapter become less urgent. 'Church Schools. — The subject of national education has been so fully discussed of late that I need not dwell on it farther than to say that the British House of Commons decided by nearly two-thirds of its members that national education should be religious and not secular. Following in the spirit of that resolution, the Metropolitan Board of London has decided that in rate-supported schools the Word of God shall be read, and explained in its plain grammatical meaning by the Teachers, apart from special dogmatic formularies. In other parochial or denominational schools payment by results, together with non-interference in the religious instruction imparted under a conscience clause, is the wise and liberal end of controversy upon the subject. It is hoped that the experience of pure secular education in America may prove a warning to other Legislatures. In buildings raised and maintained by the liberality of indi viduals, it is also hoped that a solution to the diffi culty of admitting the religious element may be got over by the institution of voluntary classes for religious instruction, before or after the hours when the national school is being carried on.- The Trustees or Managers of the par ' ticular school would determine the nature of ? the religious instruction imparted. The na tional system might then less injuriously be secular; as the better-disposed children and the more careful parents would take pains to avail I themselves of the religious teaching thus i offered. Of course attendance would be purely i voluntary, not compulsory. After all, the old j parish school, in which the Bible is read and the 1 children catechized by their pastor, who in the i course of his incumbency will probably have ; united in marriage the parents, baptized the children, prepared them for confirmation, and led the worship Sabbath after Sabbath, affords the best hope of training the young in the nur ture and admonition of the Lord. The result of instituting such schools during the year 1870 has been that above 1,000 children were thus brought under the tuition of their clergy in Church schools. And it is no disparage ment to the useful body of school masters and mistresses to say that the association of the children of a parish with the clergyman, and his wife in the daily course of their education would tend greatly to improve their behaviour, call forth their natural intelligence, as well as, it is hoped, - discipline them more by religious principle than secondary punishments. I strongly, therefore, recommend and urge the Clergy to use their best endeavours to establish and take a share in teaching primary schools, which with tlieir help can be well taught and managed by educated women. 'Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister.— One other question affecting the relation of our clergy to the State must be mentioned. For years past strenuous efforts have been made to legalize marriage with a deceased wife's sister. Whatever opinion the clerey or others may hold as to such marriages being allowable or not by the Word of God, it is obvious that one lath must pervade the whole British Empire. Until, therefore, the law is changed in England, it is improbable that it will be changed in this colony. The marriage is null and void. No clergyman of our Church, therefore, can be a party to such marriage. ''Ihe question, however, may arise, should the civil law be changed, while the law of the Church specified in the Table of Degrees in the Prayer book continues vnallered, whether the ' Lex loci' supersedes the obligation taken by the clergy at their ordination, and recognised in the Synodal compact. Such marriages will, it may be heped, be few, and no clergyman can be com* pelted to solemnize them. In foro conscientice I do not think he ought. Nor would any hard ship result, as a civil marriage might still be contracted, and hold good in law. 'It remains to add that the Synod has been incorporated under the local Act of Incorpora tion, and that the expenses of this, I believe useful proceeding, have been defrayed by the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel.' Archdeacon 'Mabbyat read the report re specting the furniture, &c;, of the various churches. 57 out of 64 churches had sent in reports. The Standing Committee's report referred to the incorporation of Syned, the validity of mar riages, petitions to Parliament, report on par sonage-houses, Synodal : expenses, and other subjects. It also contained the following para graphs : — .-.????-? ' 3. St. Asaph Fund.— Your Committee have again to record the liberal gift of £100 frem the Right Rev. Bishop Short, late of St. Asaph, notwithstanding His Lordship's retirement from the See and all its emoluments; and have to state that this has enabled' them to' complete the payment of all the endowments in Schedule C advanced by the Attorneys of the S.P.G., except £38 15s. due as part of the endowment of St. Paul's, Adelaide. . ' 7. Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.— They are happy to be able to refer to the quin-. . quennial report with satisfaction, and would particularly call attention to the proposal to raise the Guarantee Fund from £ 1,128 4s. 6d,, at which it now stands, to £2,000. '8. General Church Fund and Home Mission. —They are happy to announce an improvement in the amount of the collections in aid of this fund over that of last year, although it has fallen far short of that of the previous year. The amounts have been— 1868-9, £170; 1869-70, £119; 1870-1, £148. Notwithstanding this im provement, the Committee have only been able to make grants in aid of clerical incomes to the extent of 61£ per cent, of the full scale. The plan of placing in the plate on the first Sunday in the month an additional amount (generally Is.), wrapped in paper to distinguish it for special application to this fund, has been, they believe, successful in the churches in which the experiment has been tried, the Collego Chapel and Christchurch amongst others. ' 9. Mission to the Heathen.— The sura col lected in aid of this mission is on the whole satisfactory; and this is due chiefly to the inte rest taken in the Melanesian Mission. It does not, however, equal tho collections in 1869. The amounts received were respectively— 1868-9, £126; 1869-70, £90; 1870-71, £117. Special reports of the only missions which have been aided by this fund are published herewith. ' 11. Endowment of Churches.— The Church of Holy Trinity, Riverton, has been endowed in the full amount, of £500, and Christchurch, North Adelaide, in an additional £100, making up the sum of £500. The Committee are still , open to receive applications for endowment and extension of endowment. ^ ' Religious Instruction in Schools.— A meet ing having been convened by the Lord Bishop, at which the Rev. Messrs. Haining, Lyall, and Binks attended, it was found after friendly dis cussion that no joint action was likely to be agreed on with reference to religious instruction in State-aided schools, definite systematic teach ing, Bible reading simply, and secular instruc tion exclusively being advocated respectively by the different individuals assembled. The Melanesian Report for the Diocese of Adelaide for the year ending March 1871, showed that the amount remitted to Auckland for the Mission from this Diocese during the past twelve months was only £220. A remit tance has since been made of £60. The income for the year has been £3,590 ; expenditure, £3,495. The Report of the Church of England Mission to the Heathen Aborigines showed that the Institution has cost during the year the sum of £142 4s. 3d. The receipts during the same period were £248 13s. 6d., leaving in the hands of the Treasurer a balance of £6 9s. 3d. Expendi ture, £142 8s. ; less due last year, £59 9s. Total coBt of yew, if there are no liabilities, £82 19a. His Lordship laid before Synod an account of Missionary tours mad« by himself and various clergymen during the year. ,«,, The Church Schools Committee for 1871 re ported that Church day schools had boon esta Wished ra 15 parishes; that there were seven schoolrooms the property of tho Churah i* which secular or licensed schools wero hold and four that wero at present used solely as churches. * The Scrutineers reported the election of tha following members of the Standing Committee: —Clergy— Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, the Very Rev. the Dean, Revs. H. Read, S. Greon, Canoa Dove, D. J. H. Ibbetson, Canon Farr. Laymeu —Hon. A. Blyth, Messrs. W. Gosso, J. Bath. F. G. Smith, G. M. Turnbull, H. Duncan, C. B. Young, L. W. Thrupp, N. Oldham, F. Wick steed, R.B. Colley, N. Blyth, M. MacDermott, and J. A. Fergusson. Auditors — Messrs. R. B. Colley and A. Spence. Treasurers— Messrs. H. Dutton and G. M. Turnbull Secretary— Mr. F. Wicksteed. His Lordship commended to the attention of bynod the native institution at Poonindie, where, there were at present 65 inmates. '.* Archdeacon Marryat, the Rev. H. Bead,' Messrs. Colley, Thrupp, and N. Blyth wero, appointed the Election Committee for tho ensuing year. The Standing Orders having been suspended, Archdeacon Marryat moved— 'That this bynod desires to express its heartfelt sympathr. in her sudden bereavement with tho widow of the late John Winnall, who was for many years a member of Synod.' Dean Russell seconded. Mr. G. W. Hawkes, tho Rev. D. J. .H. Ibbetson. and Mr. J. S. Bellhouse cordially supported tho motion. ' Mr. H. K. Hughes, M.P., moved-'That; the than ksof Synod are due to His Lordship the Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and' report, which, with the statistical! returns, bo printed in the report.' Mr. M. MacDermott seconded, and tho motion was carried. . - The Rev. Canon Farr gave notice that— 'A form of service having, as appears from advertisement in the public prints, been used ia St. Paul's Church, Adelaido, for the admission of persons to be members of tho choir,' and asked the Bishop 'whether such service was previously made known to tho Bishop, and approved' by him.' His Lordship replied that he had no know ledge of the service beyond what he had seen in/ the papers. The Rev. Canon Farr then called the atten tion of tho Synod to this irregularity, and moved ,that — 'In the opinion of this Synod no Liturgical Services should be used in any church (unless by leave or direction of the Ordinary) other than those which are contained wholly in tho Prayor Book, or which may bo taken from or consist of the very words of Holy Scripture.' After a long and rather warm discussion upon. . the subject, the motion was withdrawn. Some notices of motion having been given, the Synod adjourned at a quarter to 8 till next day at2 o'clock. , Second Day.— Wbdnesday, Mat 17. Moved by the Very Rev. tho Dean, seconded by Canon Dove— 'That the Lord Bishop be respectfully requested to institute enquiry into the arrangement for divine service at St. George's, Woodforde, and St. Martin's, Camp* belltown, with a view to ascertain how often tho services on Sunday have been conductod during the last six months byaClorkin Holy Orders, and how often tho Holy Communion has boen celebrated; also to ascertain whether there are any existing, definite, and certain arrangements to secure to the parishioners tho benefits of pastoral care.' After some rather sharp debating, the motio* was withdrawn. _, , The next motion was by the Very Rev. tho Dean— 'That the Lord Bishop be respectfully requested to obtain from each clergyman in the diocese a return showing how often the Sacra ment of the Lord's Supper has been admi nistered in the Church or Churches in which bio ministers during the past 12 months.' : Tho Dean's motion was put and carried, with the addition of the words ' for tho information of Synod.' Synod adjourned. CONGREGATIONAL UNION. Tho annual meeting of tho Ministers and Delegates was held in the Hindmarsh-squaro Congregational Church on Tuesday, May 2. There was a large attendance. Tho Rev. John Price was present as a deputation from the Baptist Association. A letter was road from the Rev. J. M. Day, apologizing for his absence. The Rev. J. Gordon was also in attendance. The devotional meeting was presided over by the Rev. F. W. Cox, and prayers wero offered by the Revs. J. Howie, W. Wilson, M. Williams, and Messrs. W. Bruce and W. Lewis. At 11 o'clock tho business mooting com menced. Tho Rev. J. Jepfebis, Chairman of tho Union for 1870, briefly returned thanks for the courtesy which had been extended to him, and the attention which had been paid to his addresses on the subject of education. Ho then vacated the chair, and it was taken by the Rev. C.'Manthorpe, Chairman for the current yoar. Mr'.- A. Hay, M.P., moved, and the Rev. J, Howie seconded, a cordial vote of thanks to the Rev. J. Jefferis for his services as Chairman during the past year. Mr. Jefferis briefly acknowledged the vote. The Rev. J. G. McMichael was admitted as a personal member of tho Union. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. ! . / * THE BOLL.; ? The roll was made up and read over as ; fol lows:— : ?; Stow Church— Rev. C. W. . Evan, B.A., Messrs. A. Hay, R. Stuckey, A, Adamson, D. Robin, Hon. A. Stow, Messrs. H. Dean/W. Peacock, W. Palmer, and W. Berry. Hiridmarsh-square— Rev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. G. Miller, J. Stacy, E. Bonnett, W. D. AUott, Hon. T. Revnolds, Messrs. S. Whitmore,G. ,.. Scrymgour, G. Scrymgour, jun., J. A. Chartier, and J. M. Dowie. . North Adelaide — Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., Messrs. W. H. Tite, W. Rruce, R. Searle, T. Frost, J. Porter, and J. T. Shawyer. ' ' . i Port Adelaide— Rev. M, H. Hodge, Messrs, T. Miohelmore, J. Groase, W. Haddy, and J, Ballantyne. ( ' ' Glenelg— Rev. C. Manthbrpe, Messrs. J. Counsell and C. Fisher. Hindmarsh— Messrs. J. Pickering, J. E. Mitton, J. Aston, O. C. Thomas, and S. Smith. . Clayton— Rev. E. Griffiths, Messrs. J. Taskor, inn., O. P. Doolotte, and Rowland. High-street, Kensington— Mr. Cowman. Norwood— Rev. H. Choetham. Salisbury— Rev. J. R. Ferguson. Gawler— Messrs. W. Malcolm and J. Danes. Angaston and North Rhine— Revs. J. Gibson, ind R. L. Coward, and Mr. E. Keynes. Kapunda— Rev. M. Williams, B.A., Messrs. W. Lewis, D. Will, and H. Kelly. Alma Plains— Rev. W. Oldham. Truro— Rev. P. Barr. Happy Valley-Rev. C. Hall, Mr. J. G. KJose. „ . .. Maclaren Vale— Rev. J. flowie, Messrs. R. Budgen and J. Brown. Encounter Bay, Bald Hills, and Port. Victor; -Rev. C. Hodgo, and Mr. L. Y. Tite. Kadina— Rev. W. Wilson. ' Kingston— Bev. D. Mime. : Personal Members— Rev. W. Harcus, Rev. A, Scales. - , CHAIBMANS ADDBE88. , The Chairman then delivered the annual address. , ? , ' The Rev. J. Jefferis moved, the Rev.W. Wilson seconded, and the Rev. F. W. Cor supported a vote of thanks to the Chairman for, bis address, which was described as being marked by great fervour and deep-toned spirituality. The resolution was put and carried, and tho Chairman returned thanks. HOME MISSION. The report was read, and is published in another column in connection with tho evening meeting. Mr. w. C. Bum, the Treasurer, said he had received at the last moment, several contribu tions, which altered tho position of the finances. The receipts were £331 3s. 2d. ; and the expen diture, £250 13s. 8d.; leaving a balance in hand of £80 9s. 6d. The Bon. A. Stow said he would add au e*pfcmatory foot-note to the report. The Rev. M. H. Hodge made a few romarks touching the matter of having a fund forretire4^ or aged ministers, and mated the adoption of \m report.* ' ?'' ?'. ? ?'??'' ~ ' :.'-?. :h The - Rev. J. Prick (Baptist), in supporting the adoption of the report, took the opportunity of expressing the feeling of deep interest which the Baptist Association felt in the work they were carrying on, in connection with the whole Church of Church. . Tbe Chairman said he was glad to see Sir. Price with them, and at the expression ' of 'brotherly feeling which he had conveyed to the Union on the part of the Baptist Association. ''. The motion for the adoption of the report was then put and carried. 'the south Australian independent.'.^ The Hon. A. Stow reported that the Magazine ifas doing well. They bad about 600 sub scribers, and a balance of £40 m excess of their liabilities, and the prospects of the future were very hopeful. . ' . The Chairman referred to specimen copies of the denominational magazine, which had been placed in the seate of that church for gratuitous distribution, saying he hoped they would be taken, and that efforts would be made to increase the circulation. The monthly revenue was £13, the expense £9, leaving a balance to their funds of £4 per month; and if their circulation was extended the revenue of course would be greater. . VOTE OP SYMPATHY TO THE REV. C. W. EVAN. The Rev. M. fl. Hodge moved a vote of sympathy towards the Rev. C. W. Evan, and an expression of regret at the circumstances which had compelled hun to relinquish the pastorate of Stow Church. He had listened to Mr. Evan's discourses with the greatest delight, and it seemed a pity that a man of his ability had not a more robust constitution. * The- Hon. T. Reynolds hoped the hint which Jlr. Hodge had given in connection with a fund for aged ministers would be taken up, and that they would be able to form a fund for the pur pose of assisting those who, after years of hard labour in the cause of religion, were compelled by advancing age or other causes to retire from the ministry. He rose to second the vote of sympathy to Mr. Evan. He had never listened to a preacher with more pleasure than he had to Mr. Evan, and he hoped his health would be so far preserved as that his voice would not only be heard in their deliberations at the meetings of the Union, but occasionally in their pulpits. {Hear, hear.) The Rev. J. Jepferis hoped as many as possible v/ould further testify their feelings by being present at the meeting on the following evening. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman echoed the sentiments which previous speakers had uttered. He did hope that, although Mr. Evan was for the present laid aside from the work of a pastor, that he might be long spared, and that they might hear his voice at their gatherings. The motion was put and carried. WELCOME TO REV. P. W. COX. The Rev. M. Williams, B.A., moved that the congratulation of the Union be tendered to Mr. Cox and family on their safe return to the colony. Mr. Cox had rendered eminent service to their cause and to the public generally, and he was sure they would aU be glad to welcome him back amongst them. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. H. Cheetham seconded the vote, which was carried, and the Rev. F. W. Cox briefly replied. ELECTION OP OFFICERS. The following officers were then elected :— Chairman for 1872-3, Rev. P. W. Cox ; Trea surer, A. Hay, Esq., M.P.; Secretaries^Rev. E. Griffiths and Hon. A. Stow; Finance Secretary, Mr. W. C. Buik ; Remainder of Committee, Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A., Rev. P. W. Cox, Rev.' J. Jefferis, LL.B., Rev. C. Manthorpe, Rev. H. Cheetham, Rev. S. L. Harris, Rev. E. Griffiths, and Rev. A. Scales, Hon. T. Reynolds, and Messrs. A. Adamscn, J. M. Anderson,' J. A. Chartier, T. Caterer, H. Dean, G. P. Doblette, J. M. Dowie, W. T. Flint, A. Gore, J. Grosse, W. Newbould, W. Palmer, W. H. Newbquld, G. Phillips, J. Pickering, J. Porter, G. Scrym gour, G. Scrymgour, jun., J. T. Shawyer, C. Smedley, ana S. Whitmore. . HALF-YEARLY MEETING. It was left to the Committee to decide ?whether a half- yearly meeting should be held. THK RELATION OF CHRISTIANITY TO THE CIVIL GOVERNMENT. ? ? ' The 'Rev. J. Jefferis then read a paper on the above subject, in which the complete seve rance of religion from the State was urged. The two fundamental principles upon which all the actions of the State must be based are— 1 . The State must not regard itself in any sense as a teacher of religion. The responsibility of giving religious instruction must be cast upon the Churches unitedly. 2. The State must treat impartially the various sects without reference to precedents, which belong-to a condition of society in which the union between Church and »State 'is still maintained. Mr. F. TV. Cox moved a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Jefferis for his paper. Mr. D. Robin seconded the vote of thanks to Mr. Jefferis for the paper, saying he thought the Church should let the State alone. Tho motion was carried. THE PRECEDENCY QDESTION. Tte Rev. F. W. Cox then moved— ' That this meeting views with surprise the action of the Government in the marked dis tinction made between the representatives of religious bodies having the right of private entre'e at the ievee held on the birthday of Her Majesty, and hereby desires to express firmly its sense of the incompatibility of the distinc tions with the principle of religious equality prevailing in this colony, and instructs its Chairman and Secretary to forward a copy vof this resolution to His Excellency the Governor, with a respectful request that in future such arrangements may be made as will allow the representatives of the several religious bodies to show their respect to the representative of the Queen without any such invidious distinctions being shown.' - ? . -?'?? The Rev. C. W. Evan seconded the motion. The Hon. A. Stow recommended that a motion should be passed, to the effect-^' That the Chairman of the Union be requested not , to attend the levee on the Queen's Birthday in his capacity as Chairman.' ? * The Rev. W. Harcus, Hon. T. Reynolds, Rev. J. Jefferis, Mr. A. Adamson, Mr. W. C. Oldham, Mr. G. Scrymgoub, Rev. W. Cheet ham took part in the disenssion, and the resolution was agreed to in the following form: — ' That this meeting views with surprise the marked distinction made between the represent tatives of . religious bodies having the right -of private entree at the levee held on the birthday of Her Majesty, and hereby desires to expresi firmly its sense of tlmncompatMitjr of those dis tinctions with the principles of religious equality prevailing in the colony; and instructs its Chair man and Secretary to forward a copy of this resolution to the Governor, with a respectful request that in future such arrangements may be made as will remove the invidious distinctions complained of.' The Hon. A. Stow thought they should pass some resolution for the guidance of .the Chair man, and accordingly moved — 'That the Chairman of the Union do not attend the levee on the Queen's Birthday as representative of the Congregational Union of this colony.' ? * ?'? ' ' The Chairman intimated that he had no inte'ntion of attending the levee as representing the body. Motion withdrawn. V The Delegates then adjourned to the Town Hall Refreshment Room, where luncheon sup plied by Mr. Geo. Aldridge, was served, v THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The Chairman (Rev. C. Manthorpe) and the Rev. F. W. Cox were appointed a deputation to the Baptist Association at its annual meeting. TEMPERANCE. ; A memorial was read by the Chairman from C. H. Bagot, Patron, J. Pickering, President, and G. W. Cole, Hop; Secretary of the Total Abstinence League, imploring the aid of the Union in obtaining legislative action to abate the powerful inducement at present given to. indication by the indiscriminate licensing of h* lies for the sale of liquors, without suffi -aently regarding the wants and wishes of the people, and generally to remove the curse of intemperance. Mr. J. M. D0WD3 had not known of the existence of the memorial until that day, being from a section of the Total Abstinence Society he was not connected with; but Mr. Pickering having put him in possession of the information, he wrote out a resolution, which he would move —'That this Union' has sympathy with the object of the Temperance League, and would' rejoice in the Parliament passing a Bill granting U the people the right to determine whether public-houses for the sale of strong drink shall exist in their midst or not.' Mr. Henry Kelly seconded the resolution^ The resolution was carried, with one dis sentient. ' ? Mr. Pickering, on behalf of the Alliance, expressed hearty thanks. A vote of thanks to the Rev. C. Manithorpe having been carried, the meeting closed. Homb Missionary Socdstt. In the evening the annual tea and public meetings were held in the Congregational Church, North Adelaide. There was a fair attendance at both meetings. After ringing and prayer, Captaifi. BagOT, who presided, made a few introductory remarks. The Hon. A. Stow then read the report, from which the following items are extracted: — 'The Committee, in surrendering the trust placed in their hands last April, regret that their report of the progress, or perhaps it would be more correct to say condition of the Home Mission and of the denomination generally during the past year should be of somewhat a gloomy character. It is necessary to speak of losses acd resignations of Churches without ministers, and of ministers inadequately sup ported by feeble Churches, while the funds of the Home Mission have been so low that it has been impossible to afford assistance either to the extent or with the promptitude required. The Churches generally nave no doubt been greatly impoverished by the prevailing and longcon tinued monetary depression under which the colony is still labouring, and some of them are hampered by pecuniary liabilities of their own, which, although they would have been easily borne in more favourable times, make it difficult for them under existing circumstances to contri bute very largely to the necessities of their poorer brethren in the country districts, ' Moreover, although the harvest throughout the greater portion of the colony has been un usually good, it has been a great failure in parts of the* Southern Districts, so much so that the condition of the people in some places is truly pitiable. Still, having in view the whole colony, the amount received for the Home Mission — under £300 — is not a large sum to be raised by an entire denomination such as the Indepen dents. 'The Committee would direct the attention of the friends of the Home Mission to the fact that owing to contributors not handing in their donations for the most part until near the end of the year— the Committee being of course unable to pay the grants voted until they are in possession of the funds— great inconvenience is experienced by the ministers of the assisted Churches. The report alluded to the retirement of the Rev. C. W. Evan, H. Cheetham, C. J. Evans, of Gawler; Price, of Goolwa; and C. D. Watt; also to the death of the Rev. G. D. Mudie. It referred to the Churches at Happy Valley, Kadina, Encounter Bay, Port Victor, Bald ! Hills, Milang, Point Sturt, and to outstations at I Goolwa, Lower North Adelaide, Shipley, and , Beaumont. ' NECESSITY FOR MINISTERS' RETIRING POND. ' The case of the Rev. C. D. Watt has brought painfully under the notice of your Committed the want of a fund for assisting ministers who may be obliged to retire from the ministry through age or sickness. The establishment of such a fund is greatly to be desired, and the Committee would most earnestly recommend the matter to your consideration. InViotdria a Minister's Provident Society has been »ia existence for some years, and its capital now amounts to over £2,000.- The want of a similar institution here will be urgently felt in the course of a few years. Ministers who came to the colony in the prime of life -will then be, passing into old age. Cases will occur in- rapid succession of ministers being left through failing' health and energies without adequate means of subsistence; and unless there- -be some com mittee or body entrusted with the necessary means for meeting such cases, aged ministers may have to spend the evening of their life in a struggle for existence— a necessity which cannot be . otherwise than distressing to them, and injurious to the denomination. ' A report of the Chapel Building Society was. read. The accounts of this Association showed 'amounts due to the Congregational Chapel Building Society, March 31, 1871: — Loans, .£1,481 16s. 3d.; interest, £21 11s. 6d.; rent, £i lls. ; total, £1,507 18s. 9d.; balance in Bank, £28 4s. Id. Grand total, £1,536 2s. 10d.' IL-. W. C. Buik read the financial report, which showed that the receipts were £331 3s. 2d., and the expenditure £250 13s. 8d., leaving a balance in hand of £80 9s. 6d. He spoke of the necessity of contributions being handed in earlier, so that the grants could be paid more promptly. Most of the money had come in within the past fortnight, and that was the reason why his statement contradicted tho Secretary's report. The Rev. J. Howie was called upon to speak upon the topic — ' The aggressive character of the Christian religion, and the consequent demand made on all Christians to sustain home missionary effort as one form of the aggressive work.' The Rev. W. Wilson then read a paper upon' ' The spiritual condition of our Churches,' The Rev. F. W. Cox delivered an interesting r speech, having reference to various circum stances in connection with Church life that came under bis notice while in England. The rev. gentleman was loudly applauded at the conclusion of his speech. A collection was made, which realized £9 10s. The meeting was then closed with the bene diction. ; PRESBYTERY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The annual meeting of this Presbytery was held in the class-room of the Presbyterian Church, Flinders- street, Adelaide, the Rev. ' William Davidson, of Clare, Moderator. Sede runt with Moderator— Ministers, Robt. Haining, John Anderson, James Lyall, John Macbean, Alexander Law, James Gordon, James Roddick, John Davidson, arid James Henderson; Elders, Messrs. Shearer, Murray, Parker, Spence, Logan, and Duncan. The minutes of last ordinary meeting and two intervening pro re nata meet ings were read and confirmed. Commissions from the sessions of Fh'nders-street, Adelaide ; Mount Barker, Mount Pleasant, respectively appointing Messrs. Murray, Spence, and Shearer as their representatives in Presbjcery^ for the ensuing twelve months. A communication from Mr. Robertson, Elder, Golden Grove, was read, accounting for his absence. The Moderator then delivered his address, and ended by nomiT nating the Rev. A. Law, of Mount Barker, his successor. . ? Mr. Law, amid the congratulations of the meet ting, took his seat as Moderator, arid addressed ' a few words in acknowledgment of the high honour conferred upon him in being called to preside in Presbytery. It was moved, seconded, and agreed to, that the thanks of Presbytery be accorded to Mr. Davidson for the address just delivered. Returns of statistics were re-' ceived frorii various congregations within the, bounds, r indicating in some instances marked progress, but as all the congregations had nob yet forwarded returns, no official declaration could be made in respect to the numerical strength of the denomination as such, or the completeness of .its organization. The im-. portknee of correct statistics was alluded to, and the hope was expressed that congregations , would forward their schedules, so that a full statement might be submitted at next meeting of Presbytery. The Treasurer, on being called, on, submitted his report, which, after 'having been audited and found correct, was received with thanks, and the Treasurer (Mr. D. Murray) was unanimously re-elected. The state of the Presbytery Fund, being adverted to, it was agreed that a collection be made in all the con gregations within the bounds during the eur rency of the ensuing quarter. ? Mr. Lyall made a statement to the effect that in regard to the contributions made on behalf of the New Hebrides Mission during the recent visit of the deputation (Drs. Geddie and McDonald) be forwarded to the Treasurer, Mr. Ogilvey, Mel bourne. i The Educational Committee, through] their convener, Mr. Haining, reported in terms of the highest' approbation concerning the iriarked progress evinced by the students during the last examination. Two of the students had been examined at length in Latin, Greek, and theology, and one on New Testament Greek, arid in all the exercises the young men had acquitted themselves very creditably. Mr. Lyall, who had assisted at the examination, also bore testimony to the diligence' and progress of the students. Report. received, and the young men wore encouraged to prosecute their atodies. Mr. Davidson (Chalmers Church) called atten tion to the necessity of directing the students to take up some branch of metaphysics, and volunteered to take the supervision of the students for a time in this branch of study. The offer of Mr. Davidson was accepted with thanks, and the students were committed to his supervision in their study of metaphysics. Reports from the preaching stations under the care «f Prebysterv were submitted. In reference to Ettrick, Mr. Davidson reported verbally that he held the views formerly ex pressed, that there was a good field for mini sterial labour at Ettrick; but there were certain matters which would require to be attended to in relation to the pecuniary support of the station, and the legal connection of its pro perty to the Presbytery. Report received, and supply of ordinances at Ettrick confided to Mr. Davidson. In reference to Golden Grove, Mr. Lyall stated that he had no particulars to report. Ordinances were being regularly dis pensed there now as formerly. Received. Mr. Henderson reported that in relation to Ard tornish, services had not been very regularly dispensed there during the past three months, and he had come to the resolution of asking Presbytery to relieve him from the responsi bility of supply except to the extent of once a month. He believed the people there would agree to such an arrangement— at least for a time. Report received, and Mr. Henderson, instructed to make such arrangements for supply as may be found convenient for himself. The Clerk read a communication from Mr. A. M. Laine, Tascadale, Scotland, in reference to grant of land at Ardtornish, and it was ordered to be held in retenlis. Two students under super vision of Presbytery appeared, and each in turn gave a popular discourse, which, after criticism, were sustained. St. Andrew's Church, 5 o'clock.— Presbytery resumed. The sederunt was constituted with prayer. Proceeded to hear a discourse from one of the students, which, after having been sub jected to review, was sustained. The demission of Rev. R. Haining fell next to be considered. The minute in relation to the matter was read. Commissioners were heard. Mr. Haining spoke for a few minutes ; after which Presbytery proceeded to consider the im portant matters involved in the severance of the tie which binds Mr. Haining and St. Andrew's congregation as pastor and people. After mem bers of Presbytery had spoken in terms of affec tionate interest towards Mr. Haining, and in terms of sympathizing regard, in respect to St. Andrew's congregation, it was agreed that the demission of Mr. Haining be received; but that the Presbytery in the exercise of its mobile officeum resolve that Mr. Haining be recognised as emmtzes minister. The Moderator, after Srayer, declared the bond of connection between Tr. Haining and the Wakefield-street congre gation dissolved; and Mr. -Henderson was ap pointed to officiate at St. Andrew's on next Sabbath, declare the charge vacant, and give such counsel arid sympathy as the circumstances of the congregation may require. Supply of pulpit to be left to the care of the Session. The Aged and Infirm Ministers' Scheme, of which motion bad previously been given, was . brought up, and a scheme of operatiou indi cated, but fuller consideration of the scheme was postponed till next meeting of the. Pres bytery.- ??????- In regard to Wallaroo, Mr. Roddick reported that he had, according to appointment of Presbytery^ preached at Wallaroo, declared the charge vacant, and had given such advice as the circumstances of the congregation required. A call to Mr. Roddick, signed by 50 members of' the Wallaroo Church in full communion, and six adherents, was laid on the table; but since then the rev. gentleman: has declined to accept it. The matter of the introduction of the English Presbyterian Hymn-Book was brought under notice by Mr. Lyall, when a resolution was unanimously agreed to, giving the sanction of Presbytery to the use of it by any of the con gregations within the bounds. Other business, but of a routine character, was transacted, and it was agreed that next meeting be held in Flinders-street Class-room on the 16th instant. Closed with prayer. In the evening a public meeting was held in St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-street. There was a small attendance, and the Moderator presided. After the meeting had been opened in the ? usual manner, The Moderator congratulated them on having reached the sixth anniversary of the formation of their Presbytery. Their sixth year had just passed into eternity, with its joys and sorrows, its labour and time lost, and its tale of efforts put forth successfully and unsuccessfully. If they looked at these things' in reference to themselves, their statistics were not complete; but statistics gave but a very ?inadequate idea of Church matters. He then alluded to the spiritual state of the Church, arid ito the ministerial changes during the past year. The Rev. James Lyall gave an address on 'The Christian Sabbath.?' ? The Rev. John Davidson also addressed the meeting on ' Presbyterianism in its Relation to Civil and Religious Liberty.' : The Rev. John Anderson was to have spoken ;on 'The Spirituality of Divine Worship,' but declined doing so at that late hour, as the subject would require more time than he could ,giveit. i ;A collection was then made in aid of the Presbytery Fund, and the meeting closed with ;the doxology and benediction. ??? FREE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. i The quarterly meeting of the Presbytery was held in John Knox's Church, Morphett Vale, on Tuesday, May 2, at 10 a.m. Present— The Moderator (Rev. ? J. Sinclair), Rev. G. Benny, 'Messrs.- P.- Anderson, A. McCallum, and G. ;Foggo, Ruling Elders, and the Clerk (Rev. J. Benny). Devotional exercises were conducted by the Moderator, and .the minutes of the pre. vious meeting read and sustained. Elder Foggo gave in a commission from the session of Yanka ;Hlla, authorizing him to act in the place of Elder iSmith, who had been obliged to resign through ?infirm health. The commission was sustained, and Mr.' Foggo took his seat as the Yankalilla iCommissioner. ; Reports.— The Moderator reported that the anniversary services of Myponga Jetty Church itook place on Sabbath and Monday, February 19,th, when three sermons were preached, and a !tea and public meeting held on the Monday, all krf which were well attended, the proceeds, 'amounting to £9 Is., being applied to the 'diminution, of the small debt on the church. The Clerk reported that in accordance with 'appointment, Sabbath, February 26, was set apart in all the Churches under the jurisdiction 'of the Presbytery as a day of thanksgiving to Almighty God for the late abundant harvest, and a thank-offering amounting to £6 16s. lid. had been made by the congregations of Morphett Vale and Aldinga to the Scottish Reformation Society, which sum he had duly transmitted. !The Clerk further reported that he had been able to arrange supply to Aldinga congregation for the past quarter as directed, and had re ceived from the Deacons' Court £12 10s., which he would apportion among the preachers. Reports received. , ' Business connected with the churches at Aldinga and Cape Jervis, with Mr. Buttrose, student for the ministry, and John Knox School having been transacted*, the session closed. i . TESTIMONIAL TO REV. C. W. EVAN,B.A. On Wednesday evening, May 3, the friends of the Rev. C. W. Evan, B. A., met at Stow Church for the purpose of presenting him with a testi monial on the occasion of his retirement from the pastorate. The building was well filled, and upon the platform we noticed the Revs. M. H. Hodge, J. Jefferis, H. Cheetham, J. Price, A. Scales, W. Wilson, E. Griffiths, P. Barr, and J. Gibson, Sir R. D. Hanson (Chief Justice), Hon. A. Stow, Messrs. W. Townsend, M.P., and W. Storrie. = Mr. A. Hayy M.P., occupied the chair. ; The Rev. A. Scales gave out the hymn com mencing 'Oh for a thousand tongues to sing,' after which the Rev. W. Wilson engaged in prayer. The Chairman said he had received letters from the Rev. Messrs. Davidson, LyalJ, Fentan, S. L. Harris, and Binks, expressing their inability to be present, but cordially sympa thizing with the objects of the meeting. He then, in a few remarks expressed his sympathy with the Rev. Mr. Evan. , The Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., in an earnest and eloquent speech, testified his respect and admiration for Mr. Evan. What he had seen in his ministry was of such a character as to command his utmost admiration. His power of clear discriminating thought, and his power— a power in which he excelled almost anv man he had ever heard either here or in the old country — of giving expression to his thoughts in chaste and beautiful utterance. It was without the feryid passion of oratory, and yet there was such incisive force about it that carried conviction to every one who listened. The speech was warmly applauded. Mr. Wm. Storrie said the address to' the Rev. Mr. Evan which had been adopted by the Committee would need no introductory remarks from him, for it would meet with a responsive echo in every heart present. He then read the following address, which he presented to Mr. Evan:— 'To the Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A. 'Rev. and Dear Sir— We the members of the Stow Memorial Church and congregation) together with other friends, whilst expressing our great regret that you should be compelled by ill-health to seek rest from ministerial labour for a season, feel^ that it would afford us plea sure and satisfaction if you would accept from us, on your retirement from the pastorate «f the Stow Memorial Church, and for a period from the ministry, the accompanying token of our regard and sympathy. ' We assure you that we shall at all times take a warm interest in your welfare, and we shall much rejoice should rest and change enable you at no distant date to resume your work of preaching the Gospel of Christ. ' May God bestow on you the blessing of re newed health, may He abundantly sustain you, and may He grant you joyful and increasing : evidence that in your ministrations in this ; land during the last 15 years you have not i laboured in vain and spent your strength- for nought.. : , , . ? j ' With sincere and hearty wishes for your ' future happiness, 'We are, dear Sir, lt Signed on behalf of the subscribers, 'Robert Stuckky, Chairman of Committee. 'Alexander Hay, Treasurer. 'MS™, }«**'- The Chairman then presented to Mr. Evan a testimonial in the shape of a cheque for £750, ; remarking that a supplementary amount would j probably be received. He spoke in the highest j terms of Mr. Evan's ministrations, and expressed i on behalf of the Church and congregation, as well as of himself, deep regret at the severance that was about to take place. He hoped, howt ever, that his health would be restored suffi ciently to enable him to resume his labours. The 847th Hymn having been sung, The Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A., rose and said , —Mr. Chairman and Friends— lam sure you j will believe me when I say that I feel great difficulty in attempting to say a few words to night. : While there is much in the . present | gathering that is deeply encouraging to me and ! much that is gratifying, I need not say that there is in it also an element of pairifulness. It brings home to me more fully than anything else has done the actual termination of uuy ministerial work here. I feel that the last links which have united us as pastor and people are ? being broken. It was not without many a j conflict of mind and many a pang that I adopted the conclusion that the union which has so long existed between us must be severed, and the proceedings of this hour having the effect of completing and sealing that severance cannot j but affect me painfully. In relation to the ; ministry, apart from any particular Churchy it is no small trial to put off the harness at a time of life when, as regards years and experience, one ought to be most fully equipped for the work. In the Christian ministry, as in most departments of human life and action, there are things which only experience can teach us, arid it seems a saddening thought that so many j of the lessons^ of experience— lessons perhaps ? slowly and painfully learnt— should almost as soon as they are learnt cease to be of any prac-, tical use to us, at least, in the present life. I am thankful to say I have no reason to regret '? my ministerial life as having been on the whole , either a mistake or a failure, but in looking back upon it in the light of present experience, | I can see many defects and blemishes. I can see that one thing was lacking here and another thing crooked there— that in one direction there was perhaps too much zeal and solicitude, and that in another there was too little. But the time past of our lives, with all its imperfections, must remain un changed and irreparable, and the costly wisdom we have purchased from the past often from [ changed circumstances loses the better part of its value. I am unwilling, however, to regard this meeting, while marking my retirement from the pastorate of this Church, as marking also my complete and final withdrawal from the work of the ministry. (Applause.) It may prove so, but I share in the hope which you have ex pressed in the address, and also by the Chair man, that it may please God to restore to me some measure of health— such a measure of health as may enable me to' render at least occasional service to the Churches, and occa sional aid to my brothers in the ministry, to whom I am so largely indebted. (Applause.) It is now full 20 years since I began the work of a pastor. Six years previous I spent in prepa ration for the work, and very frequently during those early years 1 was engaged in preaching. My first sermon was preached when I was only ; 18 years of age, and I have a very vivid recol lection of the event. In after time when ? preaching my eye has been but too quick to notice any movement in the congregation, and even the expression of individual countenances; but on that occasion, though addressing a large audience, I saw! no human form or face, but a thick darkness seemed to cover the people, and I preached away to chaos, and was thankful at the end to find myself standing upon solid ; ground. (Laughter.) The address has reminded j me that my pastoral connection with this Church ; has extended over 15 years— no small portion of a man's life, and of my life it would seem the best portion. Myonegreattrial,asyou know, has been inadequate bodily strength. When I came to the colony I was not over robust, though not suffering from any serious ailment, and my hope was that by occupying for a time a i secondary or not very responsible position as colleague, to Mr. Stow, my constitution would gain strength and hardness, and that I should acquire fitness for larger work. ; But I had been little more than six months in the colony when Mr. Stow's health utterly broke down, and the entire burden of the Church devolved upon me. I will not attempt to relate my sub sequent story. Many of you know it well. But I cannot refrain to-night from expressing my thankfulness to God, that notwithstanding my physical feebleness and other shortcomings, and after the vicissitudes of these many years, the Church which I have endeavoured to serve in the Gospel of Christ should be found now to occupy tne position which it does .occupy, giving such promise of continued life, and pos sessing such enlarged capabilities of usefulness. When I arrived in the colony in 1855 it was the only Independent Church in Adelaide of any numerical strength, and occupied, as you know, the old sanctuary in Freeman-street, which was then the cathedral of our denomination. There was a second Church at Ebenezer Chapel, Rundle street, but it was small and weak, and at that ' time without a pastor. Soon other brothers came out — Mr. Cox and Mr. Jefferis. A con gregation was gathered, a Church formed, and a sanctuary built at North Adelaide. In progress of time the Church in Rundle-street emerged from its obscurity into a larger and wealthier place; and we, too, against the inclinations, however, of some of our older members, ven tured to leave the dear old walls of Freeman street, and come to this better and more beautiful house. And now we have three con gregations, occupying edifices that would be no discredit to any town in the United Kingdom. This will be still more forcibly true when our friends at North Adelaide shall have completed, as they are about to complete, their fine building. (Applause.) Our position as a de nomination in Adelaide will then contrast favourably with our position fifteen years ago. Do not imagine that I mention this in order to claim for myself any particular credit. I have a very humble estimate indeed of the work I have done, but it is to me to-night a source of j satisfaction that while other Churches have been formed and increased, the old Church, which has contributed to those, presses to the forerriO3t, having nevertheless maintained its position and mproved it, and has still assigned to it first )lace— a place in the firit rank of the Church of jurist in the colony. In the early part of my mstorate a largt proportion of our members irere Baptists— I think fully one-third of the members were Baptists. Indeed one of them ?emarked to me that they could prettvwell muster a majority at our ordinary Church meetings. At that time there was no Baptist Church in South Adelaide in whichthey couldfind i suitable home, and they tarried with us, and in )ur Chuich we have never made any distinction 3etween Baptists and Independents. (Applause. ) When, however, a Baptist Church was formed ri the neighbourhood, with a ministry of which ihey approved, the greater number of our Bap tist friends withdrew from our communion to join that Church, causing a diminution of our lumbers and a weakening of our force. We lave some Baptists in our communion here, though we have no practical reason to know, for the question never came up; and I trust the time is cot very far distant when such a ques tion can no longer form a wall of partition between two denominations of Christians. Applause.) It is to me a matter of great satis faction that before the termination of my ministry I have been permitted to see the erec tion and occupation of this noble bnilding. It sras a work which I may say I originated — upon which my mind was greatly set— which, with a noble band of coadjutors, I laboured to accom plish. (Applause.) It is something done for the generation to come. Materially at least the denomination is worthily represented here, and [ trust that in intelligence, piety, charity, and ievotion there will be some degree of conformity between the people arid the building— that the state of the Church will to a great extent be similar to the beauty and comeliness of the edi fice. There is, indeed, upon it a debt, but I do not apprehend that it will prove burdensome, Some of our friends think that it is only fair that a share should be left to posterity— (a laugh) — but the inconvenience of that arrange ment would be that it would involve the double payment of the debt— the first payment in the shape of interest. We certainly have a magni sent property in this acre and the erections upon it, to which will be added some day a lecture-hall and class-rooms, which are certainly required for the efficient workhig of the institu tions of the Church. . I feel that the present is to the Church and congregation a tune of trial— a time for the exercise of faith, of patient waiting; but I sincerely hope that the trial will not be very much prolonged, that a good minister of Jesus Christ, having every requisite for the work to be done here, will soon be pro cured; and I earnestly pray that when a minister is found his ministry may be not less acceptable but tenfold more acceptable than that of his predecessor. My truest satisfaction to night, my friends, ia. the hope which I humbly cherish that the great end of. the Christian ministry has in some imperfect degree been Fulfilled in connection with my pastorate. If I have been the means of awakening careless minds to serious thought and reflection, of leading enquirers to the knowledge of redeeming and saving truth, of turning a sinner from the error of his way, of leading a sin-burdened spirit to the Saviour Christ, of directing the young in the way of ilife, and thus of adding to the congregation of the saved— if I have been the means of. helping some of God's children on their way homeward,, of lightening some.of their burdens, of relieving some of their perplexities, of soothing their sorrows, of .cheering some of them in chambers of sickness or houses, of: mourning — if such results as these have been achieved, then my ministrations have not been in vain, but have fulfilled the good pleasure of God's goodness, And if in the case of any attendants upon my ministry the proper effect of the truth has not been produced, I trust it has not been owing to the want of faithfulness on my part. If any are unsaved it is not because their salvation has not been earnestly desired and sought— not because the way of salvation has not b«en plainly set - before them— not because the Christ of God) the only hope of sinful men, has not been placed before them and urged upon their acceptance by motives of infinite weight. No, let their own consciences be. witnesses. Imperfectly as I have discharged' many of . my duties-rand I am deeply conscious of that imperfection— yet I trust I have not failed to unfold to my hearers fully and faithfully the great things that belong to their peace, and in the case of any who may have continued apathetic and indifferent I pray the present change— the silencing of a voice often listened to, and the introduction of another minister— may be crowned, with blessing, may excite serious, thought and reflection, and lead to repentance; and faifch. I will only add two words, and they are words of thanksgiving. I wish to thank, my brethren in the ministry for their kind sympathy and their ready help in time of need. The Wesleyans and other Methodists, Presbyterians,' and Baptists have not been less ready than brethren of my own denomination ? to render kindly help. I have received evidences of the most practical kind of the existence of a large amount of true catholicity jof spirit in the Churches of various denominations. May that spirit grow more and more till, it bursts the barriers that now restrict it (Applause.) , I sincerely thank my brethren .for their kindness, and I wish especially to reciprocate .tae kind opinion expressed by Mr.. Jefferis this evening. I know that he meant, all he said, and my own heart fully and freely reciprocates all his statements. And to you,., my friends,: members of this Church and congregation, and others who have co-operated with you, I , can only say, which I do ; with all my heart, that I .thank you. I thank you. for this address, and, the .kind words contained in it; and I thank you for the generous , gift, your truly generous gift, all the more valuable because I believe it to. consist of the contributions, not of a few, but of a multitude, and because I believe these con tributions to : be the expression of true kindly Christian feeling. .May God reward your work . and labour of love. (Applause.) . , . The Hon. A. Stow, the Rev. M. H. Hodge, His Honor the; Chief Justice, the Rev. John Price, and the Rev. F. W, Cox, on being called upon by the Chairman, each joined in: the expressions of sympathy and. admiration for Mr. Evan which had been already given utterance to. After the singing of the doxology,, Mr. , Evan closed the proceedings by a few words of prayer. \ WELCOME, TO THE REV. D, J. H. ,s JBBET&ON.; On Monday , evening, -May 1, tea and public meetings were held in the Town Hall Exchange Room to welcome the Rev.: D. J. H. Ibbetson, Incumbent of St. John's Church, Adelaide, and St. Bartholomew's, Norwood, on his return from a visit to New Zealand and other colonies for the benefit of his health. The tea was largely at tended, and the room was crowded with members of both congregations and other friends later in the evening. Archdeacon Marryat, who presided, after speaking of the pleasure felt in their gathering, for the purpose of reinstalling. Mr. ibbetson in his ministerial position, expressed^ gratification at finding his healthimproved, aridjeartily welcomed him back. The Rev. D.. J. H. Ibbetson acknowledged the kind reception, and proceeded to give a brief but interesting sketch of his three month's tour. . He stated that he had offi ciated at various places of worship during his tour, and had met with many kind friends amongst his brother-clergymen. Hearty thanks for the very cordial reception were again tendered, and the address was closed amidst applause. The lecture throughout was full of humorous anecdotes and pleasant re miniscences, told, in an easy, pleasant, con versational fctyle, and was much enjoyed. The names of several gentlemen known to the audience and the speaker were mentioned as having been met during the trip. A table on the platform was spread with specimens of the beautifully-delicate ferns of New Zealand, photographs of Auckland, Nelson, and other places of note, and curiosities of various kinds, which were carefully inspected. Messrs. J. E. Moulden, W. S. Moore, and the Rev. H. Read spoke of the cordial feeling existing between tbe congregations of St. Bartholomew and St. John's, and united in warmly welcoming Mr. Ibbetson back to his home. Votes of thanks closed the proceedings. ' BAPTIST MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The annual meeting of the South Australian Baptist Missionary Society toek place on Thursday evening, April 27, at the North Adelaide Baptist Church. Tea was provided in j the Lecture Hall, to which a considerable number0 sat down, and afterwards a public meeting was held, at which there was a good attendance, and the S«v. J. Langdon Parstns presided. - The proceedings were opened by «nging and prayer. ; Jar. James Cummino, the Treasurer, road a. statement showing an income, including a balance brought forward, of .£86 10s. 9d., £65 of which had been sent to Calcutta. The Rev. G. Storehouse road the report which kad been received from the native agent, Koylass Chunder Mitter, of the operations at ifurreedpore. It was of a highly interesting character, showing hew the missionaries with, their native agents were triumphing over tho many obstacles that beset them, and had been made the instruments of effecting tangible good. It is stated that a colporteur has beea appointed and supported from funds sent to Mr. Page by the Rev. S. Mead. Mr. Page reports; of him that 'he has been useful during* the year in accompanying us in our itinerant, preaehings. He also accompanies us in our weekly haut and daily market, or bazaar preachings. The library, too, has been very useful. Many respectable Baboos and ladies, where tho preachers can have no access, have had the ad ^antage of reading religious books. The number cf Christians in all is seventy; members of the Church, ten; of the Church Mission, two; boys' md girls, nine. Pastor of the Church, Kqylass; ( hunder Mitter; preachers, Hera Laul Mitter^- end Boikunto Biswas ; colporteur, Nathoo Christian. The Rev. J. N. Birks proposed the appoint ment of officers and Committee as follows:— Secretaries— Revs. G. Stonehouso and J. Price ; 1 reasurer — Mr. James Cumming 4 Committee— Eevs. S. Mead, J. L. Parsons, J. M. Dayja. J, 1 ambert, and J. N. Birks, Messrs. W. K.- Thomas, J. Neill, D. Fowler, J. A. Holden, J.T Kentish, S. Summers, T. Barnes,' and E. S. Wigg. . - ..: Mr. Wilton Hack urged the importance of systematic collection of funds, and tho necessity^ of a white missionary to take the management and oversight of the operations at Furreedpore.: Both motions having been carried, the meet ing closed in the usual manner. A collection) made on behalf of the Society realized £10. MISCELLANEOUS. ' The Chaplet.' ~ This Roman - Catholic monthly has been enlarged to the size of its predecessor the Soitiiiern Cross, and a copy of the issue, dated April 29, has been received. From, it we glean the following items :— Bishop Shell,' who on account of delicate health left for Mel bourne on April 11, is expected back within a few days. At the Annual Retreat of the Sisters of St. Joseph, held during Easter week at the Franklin-street Convent, 72 persons attended, including candidates and externs ; on April 22: most of the Sisters returned to their missions. ; The Dominican Convent is about to be enlarged* - During the month several changes have taken ? place in the clerical staff of the diocese. Tho Rev. J. Quinlan is now stationed in Willunga, , and the Rev. M. Kennedy in Adelaide. The: Rev. P. Byrne goes to Mount Barker with the ? Rev. J. Maher, and the Rev. P. Corcoran to: Kadina in place of Father Quinlan. ' . Bazaar. — On Monday, May 1, a sale of fancy articles was held in the Lecture Room connected : with the Methodist New Connexion Church, the proceeds to aid in reducing the debt on the build ing. Tho articles were chiefly those remaining from a former bazaar, and, in addition, there were flowers in pots, statuettes, busts, and some' ingenious French mechanical toys, representing; figures on velocipedes, couples dancing, and1 others of a like nature, all, on being wound up/ moving rapidly over the floor, to tho great delight of the juveniles. Refreshments wore provided in an adjoining room by Mr. Smith. Adelaide : Jewish Sabbath -School. — On Tuesday, May 9, the annual festival of the' scholars attending this institution was held at .the Town Hall, In the afternoon the children, numbering about 70, assembled there, and after indulging in various pastimes, and being bounti fully supplied with refreshments and an ample* tea, the aid of music was called, in and they engaged in ? dancing till half-past nine. They then sang a couple of hymns and departed, highly delighted with their entertainment. Advantage was taken of tho occasion by the elders to get up a ball, at which, considerably over a hundred persons wer# present. The whole affair was a decided success. ; Roman Catholic Female Refuge. — There are now 21 penitents in the Catholic Female Refuge at Mitcham, and the usefulness of this ' institution is every day becoming more ex-; fended, reports the ClwpUt, adding, ' there is ftill, however, a large field, as between 40 and 50 young persons are known to be Catholics, nominally at least, of the large number of un- r f ortunates which degrade tho streets of Ade laide.' 