! SPIRIT DRAWINGS. From the Daily News, May 27th Of spirit rappings the wonder-seeking world had grown rather tired. Something new was demanded, and at length, after years of incuba- tion, the " mediums have been taught to draw by the spirits. Miss Houghton appears to have become an expert in the art, and a most industrious worker of these miracles of freehand drawing and spectrum like colouring she must be to have executed the collection of more than 150 drawings, which may be seen at the New British Gallery in Bond-street. Perhaps if the reader were to imagine such a thing as an accurate copy of coloured and white Berlin wools, all tangled together in a flattened mass, framed and hung round a gallery, some idea could be formed of the appearance of this most strange exhibition. If we look into one of these we shall see probably that the drawing has been begun by blotting upon the damp paper broad sweeps of Strong, positive colours red, blue, and yellow which blend into one another at the edges, and take various fantastic forms across the paper. Upon this the spiritual artist seems to have worked with a reed pen or fine brush, in all sorts of colours, in curved lines generally arising from some point and radiating into more open spaces, and frequently ending in involuted lines something like the work of barbaric ornament. The finishing lines are apparently given by using opaque white-which, by the way, is not named in the list of colours given-and making curved lines, sometimes varied by dots and lace-like spots all over the other colours. Thus these curved line drawings, in which " eyes " are often seen indistinctly shown by concentrating the lines in one spot, present the appearance we have suggested, of tangled threads of coloured wools. The " eyes" are an important feature in the style, and we believe Mrs. Wilkinson, who is mentioned by Miss Houghton as the first inventor of spirit drawings, linds "eyes" in every part of her work. Mixing up the mysteries of religion and Scripture with her thauinaturgy, Miss Houghton presents us with with a series of " eyes of the Lord," to each of which the catalogue furnishes a quotation from Scripture. Two of the drawings are supposed to represent " the spiritual crowns of her Majesty the Queen and his Royal Highness the late Prince Consort." "A strong sense of justice (represented by burnt umber) is worked into both crowns in the Prince's it is woven into the external part, implying that it is the result of head-work that is, reasoning and the sense of right in the Queen's it is the inner part, demonstrating that it arises from an impulse of the heart." In the upper part of this drawing we are asked to perceive "the world symbolized," which being interpreted by the catalogue, means that Queen Victoria holds in her hands " the third dispen- sation." But Miss Houghton has also painted her own spiritual crown, which to the unedu- cated vision appears like those awful cases filled : with all kinds of morbid growths as seen in the museums or in an aquarium of deep-sea polyps and other strange shapes rarely seen by mortal eye. One drawing represents "The Hand of the Holy Ghost," and in this we can detect in the fibrous mess of threads of every colour and contortion four or five flabby fingers. " The Holy Trinity " is made manifest through the three colours : yellow, Faith, God the Father ; blue, Hope, God the Son ; red, Charity, God the Holy Ghost ; each symbol being composed of the three colours. Another favourite conception of those Spirit designers is that their hand, under the guidance of some friendly spirit appealed to, will draw a spiritual flower or fruit. Thus we have shown to us by Miss E Houghton the flower of his Royal Highness the late Prince Consort, of Mendelssohn, of Murillo, of the Trinity, and of Shakespeare. This last is a sort of dropsical fuchsia blossom, being bright crimson, with the letters W. S. vaguely shadowed forth in the background, with the peculiar thread work which seems to form the staple of the spirit artist. This work, however, in curved lines of curious regularity, is obviously done in obedience to a certain ornamental arrangement, such as is admitted and used by designers and it must be evident that Miss Houghton has had some considerable education in drawing curves before she took up with her spirit time Mr. We quote this much in explanation of the flowers and fruit : " Simultaneously with the birth of a child into the earth life a flower springs up in spirit realms, which grows day by day in conformity with the infant's awakening powers, until by degrees the character and life stand revealed in the floral emblem."' "The fruit, which corresponds to the earthly term of the heart, represents the inner life with its passions, sentiments, and affections, and is covered with minute fibres indicating the thoughts. As the individual makes any new acquaintance and friends red lines and filaments spring forth. " Certain colours are used to express sentiments ; thus gamboge means faith ; carmine, tenderness ; mixed green, earthly hopes and freshness of soul ; Chinese orange, unselfish- ness ; burnt carmine, steadfastness ; mixed vio- let, religious fervour. "Adjustiiigness of mind is indicated by brown madder ; " attractiveness" by lustre and " nursing powers" by sepia. It appears that the course of training to be gone through is by no means a light one. Miss Houghton says that .'' for three months mamma and I sat for an hour each evening at a small table with our hands resting lightly on it, and at the expiration of that period we were rewarded for our patience by the tablet being gently tipped towards me, and having messages thus given to us by means of the alphabet. We were then told by the spirits that we must not rush head- long into this new joy." The spirits were then entreated to lot a deceased sister or brother guide her hand ; but this could not be, and in the end the spirit of a deaf and dumb artist, one Henry Lenny, became the first teacher. This was in 1861, so that the drawings which are now exhibited represent the work of toil years of this lady's life, and they deserve to be seen as a most extraordinary and instructive example of artistic aberration. 