LENTEN W M E. PASTORAL JMiphtis, BY THE MERCY OF GOD AND THE FAVOUR OF THE HOLY APOSTOLIC SEE, BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. "Convert us, O God our Saviour, and turn off Thy anger from us." Pa. Ixxxiv , w. 3. To THE CLERGY AND LAITY OK THE DIOCESE, GREETING AND BENEDICTION. ALAS • dearly beloved in the Lord, it is with a heart full of grief and bitter anguish that we invite you to join in the annual fast and devotions of Lent, for it has come to pass within the last year that "The Kings of the earth have stood up, and the princes met together, with the applause of the wicked, against the Lord and his Christ." How far the children of the Church are blameable by their misdeeds and transgressions for this manifestation of God's displeasure He alone knows. It behoves us to enter into ourselves, aid, by a sincere conversion, to turn aside the divine anger which now weighs so heavily on the Church and her supreme Pontiff. His griefs and humiliations we all keenly feel, and the more so as our sin may perhaps in some measure be considered the reason why God permits them. Be it then the earnest desire of all, as it is each one's imperative duty, to satisfy His justice for the evil done "by the sorrow of repentance, by the groans of humiliation, and by the sacrifice of a contrite heart, alms also accompanying." This time last year people were alarmed and disturbed in conscience by fearful forebodings and rumours of great calamities about to happen, and now, alas ! fully realised. Whilst the minds of men were thus agitated and sorely troubled, the Holy Father, presiding at a General Council, proclaimed and defined, with the approbation of the same sacred council, the infallibility of the Supreme Pastor and Doctor of all Christians, when, by virtue of his supreme Apostolic authority, he defines a doctrine in relation to faith and morals. This is now an article of our Holy Faith which no one can gainsay and be in communion with the Church of God. It is heresy to deny it Ignorance of the true meaning of this truth has led to its being most erroneously interpreted by the adversaries of our Faith, and possibly by even Catholics. It has been falsely stated that this definition made the Pope in his private capacity infallible. Such is not the case. His utterances are infallible only when t caching the Church faith and morals. It is unnecessary here to point out the other absurd meaning put on this article of Catholic doctrine, namely, that it declares him to be sinless. This is neither the teaching of the Church, nor the right interpretation of the definition. t ~ Such, in a few words, is one oFHie most important results of the deliberations of the Vatican (Ecumenical Council. The same deliberations, we need hardly say, were conducted with a freedom and independence not permitted in your own parliaments. It is for us now, dearly beloved in Christ, to manifest our gratitude to the Almighty for this additional protection with which He has vouchsafed to guard against error the teachings of His Church. And how is this to be done ? By humble submission to that teaching; and a strict conformity to the morals it inculcates. We learned with great regret that many have failed to fulfil this latter obligation, whilst they hold fast to the Faith. They believe, but it is wtk o Head, unavailing Faith. This sad state of contradiction must cease if Goa ts to be appeased ana iii0 „,eer tumed from us. Let us, in all sincerity and compunction of spirit, ti v out with the Psalmist, " Convert us, O God, our Saviour, and turn off thy anger from us." The irregular lives of some professing Catholics are a source of bitter anguish to the Church, and a serious obstacle to the conversion of many not as. yet within the fold. These unhappy persons not unfrequently assume a line of conduct towards the Church and its ministers at once dictatorial and censorious. " But to us it is a very small thing to be judged by them or by man's day." We would in all char it}' warn these our erring children against a manner of life so dangerous to their salvation, and so injurious to the best interests of religion and society. They should, now that the mercy of God is about to pour itself out upon all flesh, abandon the evil of their ways, and give evidence of the holy Faith that is within them by a strict observance of the Commandments, approaching worthily the Sacraments of Penance and Holy Communion with a view to the accomplishment of so great and necessary a change. This done, they will then, through God's grace and blessing, become the joy and glory of the Church, and an example of good citizenship. " Glorify and bear God in your body."—r Cor. vi. 20. This instruction we address not only to the froward, but also to the good. To the former, that they may be converted, and flee the wrath to come ; to the latter, that they may be renewed and confirmed in grace and the love of virtue. If complied with, then shall we see in the midst of us the kingdom of God. " The kingdom of God is peace and joy in the Holy Ghost, which is. not given to the wicked." And thus fortified with grace, we shall be the better able to withstaud and defeat the insidious and fanatical attempts now being made to subvert the rights of conscience and the freedom of Catholic education. The present Government, as you are aware, have submitted to the late Parliament a measure on Education, which is to a great degree unjust and unnecessarily oppressive. You must give it your united and persistent opposition. And should this disgraceful measure ever become law, which God forbid, we must not cease to agitate for its repeal as becomes a free people, the consistent opponents of religious and civil oppression. The issue is in our own hands. In conclusion we entreat you, with all earnestness and affection, to engage in the spiritual exercises and penitential observances of the holy season of Lent Live in peace and charity with one another, as becomes the children of God, being mindful that " he that lovetli not lcnoweth not God : for God is charity."—1 John, iv. It is most distressing and humiliating, dear Christians, as St Paul observed, that there should be contentions and disputes among us. There is no greater obstacle to a people's progress in religion and civfliza- tion than disunion. It is opposed to that commandment our Blessed Lord proclaimed for our observance when He said. " I give you a new commandment, that ye love one another as I have loved you." It is by this love we are chiefly known to be the disciples of Christ. Carefully avoid, dear Brethren, whatever 111 word or deed offends against this precept of charity, irritates the mind of the brotherhood, foments division, and embitters hatred. Oh ! how much good shall we be able to do religiously and socially if we succeed in keeping out from amongst us the demon of discord! " If we love one another, God abidetli in us, and his charity is perfected in us." 1 John, iv. We come now to the Charitable Institutions of the Diocese. They are, blessed be God, our greatest consolation and comfort. To your munificence, with the aid obtained from Government, is chiefly due the success they have attained. We pray you, therefore, to continue to sustain them by generous offerings from the opulence with which the Giver of all good gifts has blessed you. The grateful and all-influential prayers of the orphans, the destitute, and the penitents, for whom we have been enabled by your alms and the grants of Parliament to provide a home and an asylum, will plead in your behalf before the throne of Him who said, " Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy"—Matt. v. 7. We give in the next page a list of these public charities. The visits made by a few catholic ladies to the Hospitals, and Benevolent Asylums, for the consolation and instruction of the Catholic inmates are deserving of all praise and blessing. It is to be devoutly hoped that their pion* °'" ull l J,e "'ill be imitated by n""* umers who have the leisure and time to minister to the Lord in His suffering and afflicted members—the sick " I was sick, and you visited me." It has given us great pleasure to learn that measures have been f-Jtcn by the Government to close those places, so often denounced by us heretofore, where snares had been systematically laid to entrap into vicious and immoral courses the unsuspecting and innocent By this wise and prudent interposition of our rulers one cause of reproach and scandal has been abated. May God's grace and benediction abide with you for ever, JAMES ALIPIUS, BISHOP OK MELBOURNE. Given at our Episcopal residence, Melbourne, Quinquagesima Sunday, 1871. 