LIGHT READING. It is reported that a son of Brigham Young is going to marry a newly- established female seminary. - A cross old bachelor suggests that births should be an nounced under the head of new music. Mark Twain eays that the Sandwich Islands' dish of plain dog ' u only our cherished American sausage with the mystery removed.' An old maid denounces matrimony because she eays tnere is something childish in it. Why is a joiner less handsome than his wife Because he is a deal plainer. ' I am not mad ; only incensed,' said a dandy aielling ©£ musk. He was not muscular though he smelt strong. In tbe Louisiana State prison prisoners are always washed ! before they are ironed. Of course. Watchmakers haven't any right to complain about elow paying matrons, as there is a good deal of 'tick' in their own business. Americans like ParU so well, a company of them wish to rebuild and make it an American city altogether. Why is a woman tying her corset like a man drinking t drown care? Because in so- lacing herself she become tight. A gentlemam, speaking of a young beauty's yellow hair called it pure gold. 'It ought to be,' quoth an ol bachelor. ' It looks like twenty-four carrots.' An attorney observed to a brother in court that ha thought whiskers very nnprofessionaL ' Yon are right,'* replied his friend, ' a lawyer cannot be too barefaced.' Eve was the only woman who never threatened to go and live with mamma. And Adam was the only man who nevpr tantalized hiB .wife about ' the way mother used to cook.' The Washington ghost, which frightened several young ladies almost to death, has been captured. It was a genial William goat. A Georgia coloured debating society was lately discus sing ' Which is best for the labouring man, to work for wages or part of theciop?' ' An old 'uncle' spoke the pense of the meeting when he thought ' bofe was de best, if dey could oney be brung togedder somehow.' ' Tell that man to take off his hat in Court,' said a Jndge the other morning, to an officer. The offender who turned out to be a lady, wearing the fashionable sailor hat, indignantly exclaimed 'I am no man, sir ! ' ' Then, said his Honor, 'I am no Judge.' A iaavyer, attempting to quiz a clergyman, asked, u Pray, Sir, what do yon do when you happen to make a mistake in the pulpit ?' ' If I make a large mistake, I correct it ; if a small one, I 'let it pass. _ For instance, the other morning I meant to say the devil is the father o£ liars, but instead, I said he is tbe father of lawyers, and the difference was bo trifling I let it go.' A Missouri paper offers this for the requiem of a de parted contemporary: icp.f by leaf the roses fall, Dime by dime the purse runs dry ; One by one, beyond recall, Mushroom papers droop and die. 