VASSE. {From, our own Correspondent.) We have been so dull here that I really could not find anything to write abont. It is true the works of the Timber Company's Station have been progressing favorably ; the locomotive has arrived, and is doing a little, though not much work yet; and the Nightin- gale has just finished loading the first cargo of timber supplied by the company. All this has failed howerer to bring a little life into our town; but this is not much to be wondered at. I have frequently pointed out, that our district generally, and the town of Busselton particu- larly, always has been, and still is, very much neglected by those who have most power to do good— or harm. That the formal opening of the first railway in the colony by his Excel- lency the Governor has been abandoned, has given great dissatisfaction. Would this have happened if the railway had been built in any other district? I doubt it very much. The Timber Company is fast creating a new place of general business at Lockeville, much to the injury of the long established town of Busselton, where so many have invested their all in property, which, while the present state of depression lasts, must deteriorate in value. Competition in trade should be free, as a general rule, and nobody has a right to find fault with the company for importing their own goods, but the granting of a public-house, or rather a roadside inn (without a road) license is quite another matter and does serious injury to the town, and will, I have no doubt, prove an injury to the company too. The establishment of a public-house probably will, as usual, be followed by the building of a church, and our extensive district, counting, I suppose, about 700 or 800 inhabitants, will then have the luxury of two places of business and ports, or rather the ghosts of them, without the slightest chance of either doing any good in the trade between importer and grower of colonial produce, for the simple reason that it is too small to bear division. A late case decided here reminds one of (he answer of the pedlar, who is reproached by a brother pedlar for selling his goods at less than cost price—" Quantity does it." If not on this principle, certainly on no other could such a decision have been arrived at in the case alluded to. Perhaps we shall get on better if such a principle is more generally acknowledged and followed, and the decision may (?) do some good, after all. In the meantime the sufferer can smart pro homo publico. I hear some complaints about the manner in which the mail contract is carried out, at least so far as it affects the passenger traffic on this side of Pinjarrah. The delivery of the mails has, with only one exception, owing to an accident, been very regular, and leaves nothing to be desired ; but if I am not misinformed, it is true, that the last contract has been accepted at a very much higher figure than formerly, for the special purpose and on the condition that the contractor shall provide accommodation for passengers. I consider that this condition is not fulfilled between Pin- jarrah and here. Whether the Vasse is entirely shut out from the condition in question, and whether Bunbury was stipulated to be the starting and ending point of the passenger traffic, I do not know ; but I do know that applications for a trap to be sent to Busselton have remained entirely unattended to and unnoticed. The trap between Pinjarra and Bunbury carries only one passenger, and from my own experience alone, I can state the following facts, and I should very much like to know whether they are in accordance with the terms of the contract. Some two months ago I wrote to the contractor ten days pre- vious to the date I wished to start from Bunbury. inquiring whether I could get a seat. I received no answer, but saw the mailman at Busselton, who told me there would be room for 2 or 3 passengers. I at once set off for Bunbury, but found I was sold, and had to return much disappointed, the seat having been engaged two days previously by another party. Last week, in fact eight days before the last mail, I wrote to the contractor to secure me a seat by that mail, but he has not even deigned to answer me nor to send me a message, so that I dared not run the risk of another journey to Bunbury for nothing. ls this the accommodation the public have a right to expect, and for which the Government pays so high an extra price ? Busselton, 20th September. 1871. P.S.— I just learn that the Lockeville license has been forfeited for the unexpired term of the year. It is to be hoped it will never be granted again. Mr. Yelverton and Mr. Keyser have an equal right to such a license, the former, in fact, more so. being 14 miles from the town. instead of only 5, as Lockeville ; but I do not think he is foolish enough to apply for it. CRIMINAL CALENDAR. — The following is a list of the cases for trial at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court. commencing 3rd. pros.: — John Wild, ex., housebreaking. Newcastle; Ruby or Briel, aboriginal native, murder, Albany; Xanabong, alias Harry, aboriginal native murder of Margaret McGowan, Bunbury; Charles Farley, c.p. horsestealing and larceny. Bunbury; Patrick Shea, larceny, Perth; Jas. Crawthra, ex, larceny. Fremantle; William Johnston, ex., larceny, Perth; William Meller, larceny. Perth; John Chuton,ex., forgery. Perth ; Thos. Dockerty, perjury, Fremantle; Jas. Heeney, larceny. Perth; John Marsh, larceny, fork; Heandam, aboriginal native, shooting with intent, York; John H. Easton, ex.. horse stealing and larceny. York ; William McCormick, larceny, Fremantle; Wm. Wood. ex., assaulting with intent, Perth ; Daniel Robinson, housebreaking with intent, Perth, (Two or three additional cases are expected to be added before the sessions take place.) 