TGBF GOSSIP. jByPxatbot. JJjr the fcteamship Maoedon, "which arrived last w^k,£adyClifden; Beatrice, and Retort retutnod Sydney, .; iBtanalet, Aruma, Record, Warrior, Misty Moro» ; aad Kiog John .wart eefat by the Dandelion g, which patneinon Sunday. ISiiigJdhnWght tobe KJhg Toin;'&biic;^'^t^ph; the prince' o'' Walca Stakes §t I^ndwlok aaA wasaold to', Mr. Raqni attar theraoe. All the hones were foftanatefnhaMniftn^wHtherpassagee. By ,i*"1 'Mdfoi^&id;^Jhrisep' Some ol theurwtabWknow ifthe (labia of A! passenger-ship shonldbemaden Bedlam- by ■ ti^e bookmakers with their mad freaks , -The races wbiqh were, got tip by toe Bongarep people oyer the .steeplechase, which the stew^ds of, their last meeting declared should be run over again, came off,last , Thursday pn the Bowling Forest racecourse. They created but little excitement, and not i more than 300 people were present to' witness the sport. Fivehorses started for the Handi cap Flat Race, which resulted in an easy victory dor Miss Sherriff, a useful daughter of the departed Premier. The race was sap posed to lie between Freetrader and Stafford, and either one or the other would, in all probability, have, won, had the pair not got together and cat one another's throate( and Miss Sherriff, taking advantage of such suicidal policy, came np at the finish and polished off both. Blueskin again asserted his rights in the "over again" steeplechase. He was ably handled by Mr. Orr, and considering that it may be now said that he has only " three legs ana a swinger," the sameness of the old curly toiled horse is something wonderful, and both he and his rider received a hearty ovation when they camp in. Only three started, Bluey, Skylark, and Hero, the two last bungling and falling repeatedly throughout the journey. Reindeer, Clansman, and Alfred were scratched. As usual, Mr. Brown won the Hurdle Race with Dolo ; he farms nearly all each races in toe country. Dolo did the trick as he liked, for although he drew it fine, _ he came when asked and settled Warrawing's pretensions a few strides from home. Pondon and Hero also started, the latter most decidedly objecting to the ob stacles, as he did in the steeplechase, and proving himself to be anything bat what his name pretends. A meeting of gentlemen interested In the Tasmanian races was to have been held last Friday at Lannceston, bat what transpired I have not yet learned. I have, however, been informed by a gentleman, a resident of Hobart Town, who takes a deep interest in sporting matters, that it is the intention of the Southern inhabitants of the tight little island to be np and stirring this year, as they do not see why Lannceston should always reap the benefit, gained by the overflow of visitors daring the carnival week, and 'that shortly a grand champion programme will be issued, the races to take place over the Hobart Town course at New Town. If the Hobartonians are really in earnest they may rely on every support and encouragement from this side of the Straits. Trumpeters is riz. The Bendigo Jockey Clnb bill of fare for their Annual Spring Meeting is savoury of good things. The races take place on the 22nd and 23rd of November, and there are no less than 11 events to be decided, the two princi pal items being the Bendigo Handicap, one mile and a half, of 125 sovs., added to asweep of 8 sovs., and the Sandhurst Cup, two mites and a distance, 175 sovs., added to a sweep of 10 sovs. each. The terms are drawn out with a liberal hand, and only half toe sweeps are to be paid on nomination on the 24ch of Oc tober. before the weights are made known on the 13th of the following month, enabling Mr. Barnard to adjnst bis handicaps after the Melbourne meeting. It is quite reviving to see the spirit of old Bendigo once more in the ascendant, and the liberality of the clnb's pro gramme is sure to attract the attention of all owners of horses, including the many visitors we may expect this spring from the other side of toe border. The Talbot and Smy thesdale Race Clubs,not to be behindhand, have also advertised their piice de resistance events. The former come out very strong, with 200 sovs. added to a sweep of 5 sova for the Talbot Handicap two miles, and 100 sova for the Borough Handicap, of a mile and a half. The mseting takes place on the 15th of December, the week after Smy thesdale, on the 7th and 8 th. There is no change in the terms of the two Smythes races. What wjth the Melbonrne Hunt Club Steeplechases on the 14th of Octo ber, the Flemington Hunt Meeting on the 21st, the V.R.C. on the 4th, 9th, 10th, and 11th "of November, Bendigo on the 22nd and 23rd, Ballarat on the lit, 2nd, and 3rd of Decem ber, Smythesdale on the 7th and 8th, Talbot on the 14th and 15th of the .same month, and again toe Melbonrne New Year's Day Meeting a fortnight after, the spring is well occupied with race gatherings. The pro grammes are of toe most racy description, and men and horses will be kept uncommonly busy for the next three months. Such a harvest—for there is a lot of honey to be gathered—ought to be a tempting inducement for our sporting neighbours in New South Wales to honour ns with their company during toe summer months. At the Ballarat Tnrf Clnb meeting of '69, when toe notorious Ward made snch a noise and a fool of himself, it will be recol lected that a chesnnt two-year- old colt, Satellite, by The Premier, made his appear ance in the Telegraph Stakes—the "over again*' race—when he ran a dead heat with B. A. for a close eeoond place to Misty Mom in very fast time. He was thought a deal of after by horse connoisseurs, and was soon after wards purchased by Mr. Learmonth, sen., the well-known Indian buyer, for 200 sova, and taken to Madras and sold for 500 guineas, with another £100 contingency when be won his first race. Since then his name has been (hanged to that of Crown Prince, and at Poonah and Madras he has carried all before bim, having beaten all the horses brought against him with the greatest ease. It is said that he has grown intoa very fine horse, and that (here are few, if any, his equals in India. ; That well-known'jockey and trainer, Steve Mabon, lately in the service of "Mr. Cleeland, in the days of Shenandoah and jBarwon, has lately returned from Colombo, where he had been sent in charge of his late employer's horses, and 'is'now on the -look-out for a situation. If a thorough knowledge of his business, combined .with honesty of purpose, is a recommendation, then Stephen Mahon ought mot to bo long in obtaining employ ment . The bookmakers, who are now again to he foundattheiroldh&nntB;—Mr. Goyder'slonnge in toe forenoon, andat.-the Prince of, Wales. billiard-room in toe evening—speak well iof toe satisfactory state of toe money market in Sydney- notwithstanding that backers of borsee had generally b balances against them op the day of reckoning over toe Bandwiok Seeting. A good store is told of one. of, the even* tpi toe Batdptor. On. toe morning of the raoe for the Metropolitan, he was offering be aiccommodlrted! either wa^ Snohfo lnck^; ,Ti> show,the absardityof some people's ideas on notee racing in general, and on toe Rand-: : *Derbyln; particular, a, gentleman ider the ,verandah," who may be very and knowing in his own sphere of; . aoooktsd airiend Ikst week, hunting news of importance. " What do yon < t lihaye iimt fonndonton the,hast ority, thattbe bookmakers subscribed DOO aad«ms0ntadit'to Mr. Dowling Jor ills tad disappointment over toe Detoy- I telieve it ondtoey oonld afford it too-" I danwr too auppeied Mefetoht onlywitow rfiiat the report on the beat authority had evente have filledwell. , There.are seven in theHurdleRaoe, ninelnttie Steeplechase. in-. eluding the well-known Blaeakin, Th6 Bard, > Canary, The Rakje, Prince Rupptt, &c;, The ' Trot' has ten entries, but there are fewbigh steppers known to fame .athpngst them. ! Should the weather prove propitious, there will no doubt, be a large attendance and a good meeting. The dangerohs hurdles opbo-, site the stand, which The. Australasian a short time ago directed the attention of the management to, have been removed, and'two ! fixed jumps put upintheirstead. The merry little meetings such as have lately taken place at Croxton-park are a great boon to the race going public, and the management deserve! every encouragement in what is after all but j a very doubtful undertaking in a pecuniary point of view. Nominations for the Handicap Steeplecht at the Melbourne Hunt Cltib Meeting, to tike place on the 14th October next, were made last Monday, when a baker's dozen of the best known jumpers in the colony paid their j pound. Amongst the more noted of the class ! will be found Ingleside, Reindeer, Narcisse, Blueskin, Vulcan, Launcelot, && The weights are to be adjusted on or before the i 28th inst, and until they make their ap-1 pearance there is little probability of any { speculation takeing place in the betting market. The death of Mr. Charles Reynolds, of Tocal, owing to a fall from his horse, was telegraphed last week. Mr. Reynolds was well known as .one of the most successful breeders of horses and cattle in New South Wales. He was the ownerof the celebrated New. Warrior, whose blood is making itself so conspicuous at Randwick and blemington, and he also became the owner of The Barb after that celebrated hone had retired from the turf. Mr. Reynolds possessed a large stud of brood mares of worth. His herd of Hereford cattle was renowned all over the colonies, and his Devon cows, many of which weTe exhibited at the late Agricultural Show in Sydney, were not to be surpassed in any part of the world. Mr. Reynolds was as highly respected as well known. Mr. C. B. Fisher has purchased the celebrated Clydesdale stallion Marquis of Lome; he has also bought the two mares imported by Mr. M'Culloch at the same time, and severed others of the pure cart breed, and shipped the lot by the Coorong last Wednesday for Adelaide. These mares are the finest ever imported to this colony. The yearling colt by Renfrew Prince out of Bella is a perfect wonder, and worth all the money paid for his mother, great though she may be. The other mare, Maggie 3rd, bred by the Duke of Hamilton, ana got by his celebrated horse Sir Walter Scott from London Maggie, is a splendid sample of a Clydesdale mare. No one of coure begrudges Mr. Fisher his judicious selections, but it does not say a great deal for the enterprise of our farmers that such really splendid animals should be allowed to leave Victoria. The Bright Shire Racing Club held their annual meeting last week. The prospects of the club are encouraging, and although an attempt was made by several of the members to restrict the racing to local horses only, on account of some very doubtful arrangements entered into by two owners, visitors at the last meeting, a compromise was effected that one-half of the £170 voted for the programme should be open to public racing, and the other half to prizes for residents within the shire of Bright. Althongh we cannot indorse the rather narrow-minded policy which rules the management of the Bright Shire Club, it is satisfactory to know thac they are in a thriv ing state. Their annual meeting takes place on the 26th and 27th .September, and an influential committee was formed to carry out the necessary arrangements to ensure its success. The Victoria Racing Club Bill, now before Parliament, has undergone the revision of the select committee appointed by the House, and they have sent in their report with several amendments which they deemed it expedient to make. The chief points of the bill are as follow To do away, with the present trustees; to invest the racecourse and all its belongings in the chairman for the time being of the V.B.C. committee. Every power is given to the said chairman to sue and be sued, and to punish trespassers on the course, Ac.: to borrow money not exceeding £15,000, to build new stands, &c.; The Board of Land and Works are authorised to inspect the work done, and the club axe bound to take action on notice from the board, &c.; The Governor in Council can repeal any bye laws of the committee; and any person entrusted with the money of the club has to find security, &c.; Should the land npt be used .for racing purposes for one twelve month, the whole is to revert to the Crown; but all improvements, &c.;, erected thereon are to he paid for. Such is the substance of the bill, and now that it has undergone the scrutiny of the select committee of the House, there is little doubt but that it will shortly become law. The regular habituds of Mr. Goyder's lounge mustered in great force during the beginning of thie week. The members of the ring had returned from their labours at Randwick, their books were full pf debtors, pnd the day of reckoning had come. Backers of horses were not slow in turning np, and we heard but few complaints. The fact is, with one or two exceptions there are, no palpable hits. There are many small accounts with the.public^ which taken on the whole amount to a. considerable sum, and, as they are to a great extent owing by outsiders, some time will necessarily elapse before they are cpllected. Messrs. Slack, Wallis, Thompson, and. Har per'are the largest, reoepients, Mr,. Slack having done the best p.yiug , to. his luge' double-event book- turning, out a "skinnpr." All .last week business was extrpitf«$y_dull; backers of horeps had not got over theHapilet disgrace or the,Rosebud surprise, And are ju$t begriming ,to awake to n sense of Aurf nocer- ■ , , "Wonderfu _ , . market, sir," said ataU,party atmy elbow. :" Some of these fellows are determined to get back their losses or put.tbemselyes deeper in the' mire.'*. For the Derby, the ghost.of Hamlet still haunts the ring, and we hear of no bfferp above eyen money* .?he son. of Maribyrnong holds unlimited sway: (or that raot, for nothing else has yetheenmentioned in connexion with it The Melbourne Cup absorbsnesriyalltbeattentionoftbemetelliw, and "HI fag, agen any think" is to be heard *11 ioyer,the xoom. , Pmhus has "come" in » most business-like fashion, and taken posses sion of the ratid&oe; fa the betting at$ to,l, very short opda cxmridering his performances, butflt is saiahe uthe hest of MrVT⁢'s iptring and good-. must be the best, if he he better, than jTh® IMw to £20 map taken on i Moflday.as *eU« four j»ntes,that 1» got* plape,, Mermaid is nextfavonrit* at 10 to 1: wMhwm Mont^^feuL 3.000 toWwasaakedaboiit Rrradripr,*adl,000 to SO laid. 100 to 6 was taken fire times over on Glencoe, who is again coming a&etjhis; faU.-and Amethyet-fass taken fain place, as LODO to 30 against Iter is going a-begging. IjOOtoGOis all that Wasefferoa against Lapdog. ,'IODO to 10 was wanted, about the Lord o£ Lynne colt, f000 to offered. Prater had a bjt of a run, at 500 to 15 was laid tbree times, and ,100'fi to 4 are now accepted readily. 5,000 tp 200 is offered.against Warrior, without takers, - Several inquiries have been made as to Hamlet; 100 to 8 is the bookmaker's price, j,00Q to 60 would betaken. 600 to 5 is offered against naming Derby and Cap, bar Hamlet for the former race. The principal supporter ox Mr. ■ Wilson's stable offers to lay! £500 on Wilson v. Tait for the Cup. Fbiday Evening. There is little to add as to the state of the betting market. The settling over Rand wick goes on but slowly, and the bookmakers are beginning to grumble at some of their debtors' backwardness in coming forward. Pyrrhns is still in the ascendant for the Cup, and 1,500 was taken "in one line" at 180 yesterday. Hamlet is also coming, as there have been several nibbles at 100 to 6 and 7, and 1,000 to 70 was booked last evening. There have been no other bpts of consequence. A few doables on Derby and Cnp have been negotiated at 100 to 4 to 6 with Hamlet for the former event and the best favourites for the Cup, and some long shots of 100 to 1 have been taken with The Gem for the Derby. On the Croxton Siark events there has been little doing, a few oubles only being laid agst Hurdle and Steeple at 10 to 12 to 1, Darkie Benicia Boy, and Yorkshireman being thefavouriteafor the former event at from 5 to 2 to 4 to 1 right out, and Surprise, Blueskin, Rake, and Canary for the posts-and-rails at 3 to 4 to 1 agst each. There has been little business done, however, backers of horses preferring to make their outlay at the post at these minor meetings. 