FREEMASONRY. (Daily News.) FREEMASONRY, let us concede to its apologists, needs no apology for its existence, or explanation of its success, in a country like ours, devoted to humanitarian ideas, and proud of its enlightened toleration and its cosmopolitan charity. If we may trust to the fervent assertions of the Brotherhood, it is older than all the churches, completer in its catholicity, more mysterious in its origin, humaner in its influences and effects upon society, and if disfigured, as all sublunary institutions must be, by some imperfections and some absurdities, has remained constant and faithful to the perfect simplicity of its law of kindness and its faith in its moral unity of man kind. There may be myths, the adepts tell us, in Masonic history, as there are in the history of more exclusive and particular religions, But these myths, whatever they may be, must, it is urged, be harmless and beneficent, (since they have never provoked a heresy or countenanced a crime against. the peace and order of societies and states, or the happiness' of the human family. The original connection between the operatives builder's craft and the Masonry whose good work-. are not built with hands, may be wrajit i-i nliiciirity l'o (^'pi'wfauc. Ui:t flic viulily of an in-titr.riri i'i''-'. I-:; jnilo-tiT.-'.iMe which uulci1 ?\ C'i-t i:u ha:i-l-gnp iiueiligibia to the iuiliateil fr.-jin tlio rc;;].i:i;.-t j; ot to the farthest West, j superseding, or rather embracing in one common bond all diversities of creed, color, race, and language, all politics, all power of worship, nil conditions and derives of civilisation. Corrup tions, it is lulniitted, very probably may have crept in ; and Freemasonry is no more free from indifference, infidelity, and what is called world- liness, than the purest ecclesiastical foundation. Nor is it any depreciation, say its defenders, -jf the essential virtue of the Order to say that it has the faculty of adapting itself to national idiosyncracies, and even to local usages and characteristics. This is only saying iu other words that nothing that pertain to any portion of humanity is alien to its spirit and Its doc trine, indeed, the ' profane,' who are disposed to muck at the convivialities of the brotherhood, at tlie apparent tendency of their labour to de generate into refreshment, at the portentous nature of secrets which sit as lightly upon the Pharisees as on the Publicans and sinners who partake in tlie celebration, are fain to confess that no man was ever the worse for being a Mason if any are no better for the badge, and, that, us il. Thiers said of the Republic, it has | the evident merit of being the institution of all others which divides mankind the least. We shall not discuss or dispute these picas ; though, remembering them, it is amusing to find an eminent English Brother such as Lord Carnarvon discoursing iu the true English vein upon Freemasonry, and affirming before a fraternal audience in Lancashire, that 'if there was one part in the whole habitable globe where masonry had taken deep and firm root, he claimed that part of England : and if there was one corner of England where Masonry had taken deeper ront than elsewhere, he thought they might claim it fur Lancashire.' This is, we were going to say, a truly British way of looking at an institution wliicb claims to be nothing if not universal, and which, as the same speaker ob served, ' in every part of the world had gone on spreading. ' Perhaps we ought to say, a truly Lnglish form of speech, for our Scottish fellow countrymen would hardly be disposed to accept the superiority of Lancashire or of England in this respect Lord Carnarvon probably meant to in clude all Great Britain when he added the very justifiable interpretation of the phrase that, as ' about three hundred years ago it had been said by oue of the wisest men of the time that England was the place above all others where the love of truth prevailed in conjunction with reverence for that which was old,' it was natural for a trutb-iuving and reverential and practical nation such as ours to be foremost in the culti vation of the Masoiik precepts. Lord Carnar von laments that ' iu other countries Masonry unfortunately had too often lent herself to other societies, who had taken abvuutagc of her,aud uuder the shadow of her great name dared to foist upon society their owu miserable doctrines and theories.' There is, we daresay, some justifica tion for this charge ; but is there a single insti tution, a devout Masou way fairly ask, wbicli has preserved throughout the whole course of its existence an undisturbed exemption from abusive and eccentric manifestations 1 Free masonry, for all its catholicity and simplicity of doctrine, has not escaped the accidents of time, place, and the contact of surrouudnig associa tions. In some continental countries its watch words have become revolutionary watchwords against tyranny in Church or State, against sacerdotal, ur monarchical, or aristocratic oppres sions. The Papacy has anathematised it as bit terly as though it were a rival Church, and has eveu gone so far as to refuse the sacraments to its adepts as conspirators against the paramount authority of the Altar. In other continental countries, where the Revolution is still in the aggressive stage, Liberty, Equality, and Frater nity have sought a refuge in the Lodges of the Order, and have likened themselves to the first Christian martyrs who sought a refuge from per secution in the Catacombs. After all, Freema sonry is as little to be blamed for its occasional revolutionary tendencies as tiie Church of Eng land for the socialism which some ingenious English Tories and clergymen, tit unconscious emulation of some foreign Republicans, not un successfully tried to engraft upon it a few years ago. And if the spread of Freemasonry, like more powerful and sacred influences, has not yet made war impossible, Lord Carnarvon no doubt has good reason for believing that it has at least mitigated its miseries and alleviated its calami ties. Thb Ei-Empetor Napoleon has sold the F*r nese Palace and Gardens to Borne to the Italian Government for £28,000. KEHosrve Atotdbst.— On Thursday night, about in o'clock, Mr Gibson, the resident officer at the Mint, wh.- w.ts playing a game of bfl iirds, met witu a very serious accident. It appears that H-iiiKt lie was in the act of turning down tlic kcrusinelauj|i over the billiard table, itesplo deJ. MrGibsonatoncerau iuto thupas^age while the burning oil from tlie lamp was pouring down liis face, breast, and back. He then made tor tlie verandah, where be fell. Oojistable Tiiidiey on discovering the occurrence, promptly took off his uniform coat, and wrapped it round .Mr Gibson in order to smother the flames. Mr -Jibs(,u's sou, who was in company with his father at the time the lamp burst, had his shirt liui-nt in u((cni]iting to extinguish the fire ; aud the youth's clothes were torn off by constable German. Mr (jonuan s son also had his bauds and armu severely burnt. Sergeant Slusgrave put a mat round Mr Gibson, senior, and after wards sent for l)rs Nathan and Markey, who immediately attended, and as informant states, expressed a hope that nothing dangerous to life was likely to arise from the burns, although they were of a very serious nature. — t'mjrin. A Municipal Difi'k-^i.tv.— The operations of the Muuicijiality of Uutlmr.st arc brought to a stamhiill under circumstances thus stated in tlie li'e.-iern Kr,iiniii(i: Iu the election for Mayor two candidates were proposed- -Aldermen Mach.it tic and Hnyd— and for each there were tour fotes, Alderman Butler being absent. Ano ther meeting was held with like result, Alder man li'itl.T still being absent. The only relief there seemed to be. was the probability of Alder man Duller attending, but this bone has been withdrawn through his roii'iiing his seat. Thus the deadlock is complete, fur who is to authorise an election to fill the extraordinary vacancy. Astrsisv. Oha.s:; nv a. Hailifi'. -A rather amusing incid'iit occurred in (Sydney on Wed nesday List. A horse weaned from a b.'iilifl'aud took refuge in an attorney's office. As the ani mal endeavored to loree its way down the pas sage the bailiff M-i/ii-cl him by the tail, but this hid no other effect than producing a progressive movement on the part of the horse. The occu jants of tlic office were of course put in bodily fear by this unlawful trespass on the premises, but observing that their queer client was in the grip of the ia«', they suflcred a recovery by opening a back-door, through which the refugee and his hanger-on passed into a small yard, where a Quiet capture was effected. The Bmiiigo Jmlr/ifin/ail is responsible for the following piei-o of mining intelligence : — ' A private letter received in Sandhurst on Sat urday, from an old resident of Hendigo, dated from Tanibaroora. New South Wales, says that Kraumer's ciaim on Hawkins* Hill at that place is turning our splendidly, 3 c\rt. of gold having been obtained without crushing. The lucky partners (four) have been offered .£10,0(10 a man foi- their shares, but they declined to sell, and the offer, without avail, was subsequently in crcri-cl to -£12.000. (Ji:'-:at Yield of Potatoes.— Mr Thomas Hmcksman, of Hope Lnwn, iiear Queaubeyan, sent the Age on tho 19th a quantity of potatoes, dug by him that day from a single root. They reached the extraordinary number of 1 43 separate tubers — contain double, treble, and liiauilold specimens as one potato. The varied in size from a pigeon's emj to the bulk of an emu's egg. We next weighed them, aud they turned tlie scale of 30 lbs, thus avei aging nearly 4 o7s each, the four largest weighing 3^ lbs each. We finally measured them, and they heaped a half-bushel measure. We never remember hear ing of euch a prodigious j-ield before fioin a single root. The Skwing Girls of New York.- ?' Macau lay' writes from New York to the Rochester Democrat :— ' By no class is the approach of winter dreaded more than by the poor girls of this city. This class numbers at least 30,--00, and includes some very worthy characters. In deed, there are frequent instances of families re duced from wealth to poverty, and dependent on the earnings of an industrious daughter who teaches, or serves in a store, and thus keeps her aged parents from the streets. The autumn now just closing bus been a veiy dull season, mid most branches ot employment have been dimin ished. Claflin and Co., who usually employ a large number of girls in their cloak depart men t, discharged most of them early in the season. The stumping establishments, whose imitations of embroidery have been so very popular, have also discharged large numbers. Tiie book trade bus been veiy slack, and hundreds, if not thou sands, of book-folders and paper-stitchers have been idle. The prefumery business is greatly reduced, and even dressmaking, which improves jib winter fashions prevail, is unusually dull. The highest price paid for women's wages is 2i»s per week— that is, ou the average. A very capable hand can sometimes makes 28s., bnt there are very fuvv that reach that figure. The cheapest rate of board is Us, and the reader cau form an idea of the chance these girls have of wiving anything. Having been occasionally brought behind the scenes, I cannot now gitzc into any of the windows of onr fashionable dress makers without it sigli. A few yeans ago a very remarkable piece of embroidery was exhibited. It was noticed in the papers, and many went to admire the wonrleriti! skill it manifested. A lew days subsequently a strange suicide oofcuned. I liave not the time to give the particulars, but the victim was the author of that exquisite em broidery, and the story of her life and death af forded the crowds a fresh sensatio/i as they gazed upon this last effort of despair. ' Some of these girls arc of very respectable and even fii st class families, which have fallen on evil times, aud try to resist want. I knew an excellent man who was highly related, but who became poor, and who had several accomplished daughters who had been very tenderly brought up. One of these girls determined to take in fine sewing, but having no acquaintance in the trade, kuc knew not where to get it. At last she tuadu a tour through the great establishments, but suught in vain, and became very nervous and distressed by these refusals. However, at length she did get some materials ana an order to complete them, aud returned home iu great haste; but sucb was her state of miud as oho entered the room, that she dropped all and fainted. Her mother and sisters saw at once what she bad done, and after she was restored they all went to work and completed the task. Thegirl returned the work and got more, aud thus the family were kept from suffering until better times had dawned upou them. It was a bold movement for a deli cate girl to make, bat it 6aved tlie family, and poverty is apt to make anyone bold, an experi ence which is early learned.' IIakk Tw*m on F£Ibabch and Lauba.— We saw a manuscript of Virgil, with annotations in the handwriting of Petrarch, the gentleman who loved another man's Laura, and lavished upon her all through life a love which was a clear waste of the raw material, tt was sound sentiment bnt bad judgment It brought both parties fame, and created a fountain of commi seration for them in sentimental breasts that is running yet But who says a word on behalf of poor Mr. Laura f (I do not know his other uaine.) Who glorifies him t Who bedews him with tears! Who writes poetry about him! Nobody. How do yon suppose** liked the state of things that has given the world so much pleasure} How did. he enjoy baring another man following hie wife everywhere ana making her name a familiar word in every garlicexter minating month in Italy with Mi sonnets to her pre-empted eyebrows I 7%«y got tame and sym pathy —be got neither. Tlis is a peculiarly feli citmis instance of what is called potitacsl justice. It is all very fine : bat it does not chime with my notions of right. It is too one-«ded— too angeneroas. Let the world go on fretting abont Lanraand Petrarch If a «i)l ; but xe for me, my tears and my lamentation* shall be lavished upon the unsung defendant -1 Ososrvr PaoiofflMJHr,— TnfWtyrfStlaw- ; wuca, MawaAttgtte, has;beea4hK-wt» fctoa state of great eynttemen^ and oot without jntt cause. It seems frnm the account firen ,in Ae ! Aev York Herald that eh elderly lady hudy died in a house on Broadway in that place. On tlieSirttt September, the d*y after tiie funeral, a lady who happened to be visiting one of the tenants uf the same bouse accideutly turned her eyes upwards, and distinctly saw the figure of the deceased lady at the attic window. In great consternation she'communicated,tbecircunistance to die other occupants of the building, uad, iu a short time, the entire neighbourhood was made acquainted with the interesting feet, and with their own eyes witnessed the phenomenon. Various means were tried to expunge the photo graph of the ghost from the glass, but all in vain;' andatkst, owing to the crowds that assembled, it was found necessary to remove the sash. Dr. William D. Lamb, an eminent physician, subse quently obtained jperuiissioii to remove the sash to this office in Esseic- atreet where it has been examined by ' intelligent and scientific men,' some of whom are of opinion that the departed must have been photographed upon the wiudow pane by the action of lightening when sitting in die room before death. It is a most uncom fortable story, and it is to be ho|ted that the in telligent and scientific men will not leave the window sash alone until they have thoroughly sifted the mystery. 