UNCLE SILAS : A TALE OF T3ARTRAM-HAUGH. Br J. S. LB FANtT, Antliorof "TTyldcr's Ifnnd." "The HOUBC by the Church* yard," &c.; Ac. CHAPTER XXXIV.—{Continued.) ZAMIEL. " And wliat make ye nlone here f and how was I to know't, an' Milly not nor BO one 1 But Maud or no M«ud, T wouldn't let the Dooke hisself set fool inside thejialin' without Silas said let him. And you may tell Silas them's the words o' Dickon Ilawkes, and I'll stick to 'm—and what's more, 1*11 tell himmyself— I will; I'll tell him there he no useo' my striving; and straining here, day an' night and night, and night and day, watchin* again poachers, and thieves, and gipsies, and they robbing lads, if rules won't be kep, and folk do jist as tbey pleases. Dang it, lass, thou'rt in luck I didn't heave a brick at thee when I saw thee first." " I'll complain of you to my uncle," I re- plied. " So do, and 'appen thoul't find thyself in the wrong bos, lassj thou caust na* say'T set the dogs arter thee, nor cau'd thee so much as a wry name, nor heave a stone at thee— did I ? Well f and where's the complaint then ?" I simply answered, rather fiercely— " Be good enough to leave me." " Well, I make no objections, mind. I'm takin' thy word—thou'rt Maud Ituthyn— 'appen thou be'st and 'appen thou baint. I'm not aweer on't, but I takes thy word, and all I want to know's just this, did Meg open the gate to thee ?" I made him no answer/ and to my great relief I saw Milly striding and skipping across the unequal stepping-stones. '' Hallo, JPegtop ! what are you after now ?" she cried, as she drew near. " This man has been extremely impertinent. You know him, Milly?" I said. " Why that's Pegtop Dickon. Dirty old Hawkes that never was washed. I tell 'you, lad, ye'il see what the Governor thinks o't— a-ha! He'll talk to you." " I June or said nout'—not but I should,, and there's the fact—she can't deny't; she hadn't a hard word from I; and I don't care the top o' that thistle what no one says—not I. But I tell thee, Milly,I stopped some o* thy pranks, and I'll stop more. Ye'll be shying no more stones at the cattle." "Tell your tales, and welcome," cried Milly. ' " I wish I was here whea you jawed cousin. If Winny was here she'd catch you by the timber toe and put you on your back. "Ay, she'll be a good un yet if she takes arter thee," retorted the old man with a fierce sneer. " Drop it, and get away wi' ye," cried she, " or maybe I'd call Winny to smash your timber leg for you." " A-ha ! there's more on't. She's a sweet un. Isn't she?" he replied sardonically. "You did not like it last Easter, when Winuy broke it with a kick." "'Twas a kick o' a horse, he growled with a glance at me. " 'Twos no such thing—'twas Winny did it—and he laid on his back for a week while carpenter made him a new one." And Milly laughed hilariously. " I'll fool no more wi' ye, losing my time ; I won't; but mind ye, I'll speak wi' Silas." And going away he put his hand to bis crumpled wide-awake, and -said to me with a surly deference— " Good evening, Miss Rutbyn—good evening, ma'am—and ye'll please remember, I did not mean nout to vex thee." And so he swaggered away, jerking and waddling over the sward, and was soon lost in the wood. " It's well he's a little bit frightened— I never saw him so angry, I think; fie is awful mad." " Per haps he really is not aware how very rude he is," I suggested. " 1 hate him. We were twice as pleasant with poor Tom Driver—he never meddled with any one, and was always in liquor; Old Gin was the name he went by. But this brute—I do hate him—he comes from Wigan, I think, and he's always spoiling snort— and he whops Meg—that's Beauty, you know, and I don't think she'd be half as bad only for him. Listen to him whistlin'." " I did hear him whistling at some distance among the trees." "I declare if he isn't callin' the dogs! Climb up here, 1 tell ye," and we climbed up the slanting trunk of a great walnut tree, and strained our eyes in the direction from which we expected the onset of Pegtop's vicious pack. But it was a false alarm. "Well, I don't think he would do that, after all—Jiardly,; but he is a brute, sure!" " And that dark girl who would not let UB through, is hie daughter, is she ?" " Yes, that's Meg—Beauty, I christened her, when T called him Beast;. hut I call him Pegtop now, and she's Beauty still, and that's the way o't." "Come," sit down now, an' make your picture,".she .resumed so soon as we had dismounted from our position of security. " I'm afraid I'm hardly in the vein. I don't think I could draw a straight line. My hand trembles." "I wish you could, Maud," 6aid Milly, with a look 60 wistful and entreating, that considering the excursion she bad made for the pencils, I could not bear to disappoint her. " Well, Mill j, we must only try; and if we fail we can't helpit. Sit you down beside me and I'll tell you why J begin with one part and not another, fltad you'll'see how I moke trees and the rimy and—yes, that pencil, it is hard and answers for.the fine light lines; but we ,must begin at the beginning, and learn to cony drawings before wo' attempt real views like tbiB. . And if you wish it, Milly, I'm resolved to teach you everything I know, which, after all,".is not a great deal, end we shall have such fun making sketches of the same landscapes, and then comparing." And so on, Milly, - quite delighted,' and longing to begin her coulrse of-instruction, sat; down beside, me in a rapture, and hugged: and kissed me so heartily that'we were very near rolling together off the stone .on which we were seated. Her boisterous delight and good-nature helped to 'restore me, nnd - both laughing heartily together, T commenced my task. "Dear me! who's that?"! exclaimed suddenly, as looking up from my block-bock I saw- the figure of a slight man in tie' careless morning- dress of agentlettaiycrossiug the ruinous bridge in. our ^direction, with considerable caution, upon tbp precarious footing of the.battlement, which alone offered an unbroken passage. This was a day of apparitions! Milly recognised him instantly. The gentleman WAB Mr. Carysbroke. He had taken The Grange only for' a year. He lived quite to himGclf, and wps very good to the poor, and was the only gentleman, for eVer' so long, who had visited at Bartram, and oddly enough nowhere else. But he wanted leave to cross through .the grounds, and having, obtained it, had repeated his visit, partly induced, no doubt, by the fiict that Bartram boasted no hospitalities, anTL that there was no risk of meeting the county folk there. With a stout walikng-stick in his hand, and a short shooting-coat, and a wide-awake hat in much better trim than Zamiel's, he emprged from the copse that covered the bridge, walking at a quick but easy pace. " He'll be goin' to see old Snoddles, I guess," said Milly, looking a little frightened and curious ; for Milly, I need not say, was a bumpkin, and stood in awe of this gentleman's good-breeding, though she was as brave as a lion, and would have fought the Philistines at any odds, with the jawbone of an ass. '"Appen he won t see us," whispered Milly, hopefully. But he did, and raising his hat, with a cheerful smile, that showed very white teeth, he paused. " Charming day, Miss Rutbyn." I raised my head suddenly as he spoke, from habit appropriating the address ; it was so marked that he raised his bat respectfully to me, and then continued to Milly— Mr. Ruthyn, I hope, quite well? but need hardly ask, you seem so happy. Will you kindly tell him, that I expect the book I mentioned in a<lay-or tVo, ana when it comes I'll either sender tiring it to him immediately ?" Milly and I were standing, by this time, but she only stared at him, tongue-tied, her cheeks rather flushed, and her eyes very round, and to facilitate the dialogue, as I suppose, he said again— " He's quite well, I hope ?" Still no response from Milly, and I, pro voked, though myself a little shy, made answer— '' My uncle, Mr. Ruthyn, is very well, thank you," and I felt that I blushed as I spoke. "Ah, pray excuse me, may I take a great liberty; you are Miss Ruthyn, of Know ! ? Will you think me very impertinent—I'm afraid you will—if I venture to introduce myself? My name is Carysbroke, and I had the honour of knowing poor Mr. Ruthyn when I was quite a little boy, and he bus shown a kindness for me since, and I hope you will pardon the liberty I fear I've taken. I think my friend, Lady Knollys, too, is a relation of yours; what a charming person she is!" " Oh, is not she 1 such a darling!" I said, and then blushed at my outspoken affection. But he smiled kindly, as if he liked me for it; and he said— " You know whatever I think, I dare not quite ea^' that; but, frankly I can quite understand it. She preserves her youth so wonderfully, and her fun_imd her.good-nnture are so entirely girlish. What a sweet view you huve selected," he continued, changing all at once. " I've stood just at this point so often to look hack at that exquisite old bridge. Do you observe—you're an artist, I see— something very peculiar in the tint of the grey, with those odd cross stains of faded red and yellow ?" : " 1 do, indeed; I was just remarking the peculiar beauty of the colouring—was not I, Milly ?" Milly stared at me, and uttered an alarmed " Yes," and looked as if she had been caught in a robbery. " Yes, and you have so very peculiar a background," he resumed.' " It was better before the storm though; but it is ver\' good still." \ ' Then a little pause, and " Do you know this country at all ?" rather suddenly. " No, not in the least—that is, Fve only bad the drive to this place; but what I did see interested me very much." " You will be charmed with it when you know it better—the]very place for an artist. Fm a wretched scribbler myself, and. I - carry this little book in my pocket," and he laughed denrecatingly while he drew forth a thin fishing-book, as it looked. " They are mere memoranda, you 6ee. I walk so much and come unexpectedly on such pretty nooks and studies, I just try to make a note of them, but it is really more writing than sketching; my sister says it is a cipher which nobody but myself understands. However, I'll try and explain just two—because you really ought to go and see the places. Oh, no; not that," he laughed, as accidently the page blew over, " that's the Cat and. Fiddle, a curious little pot-house, where, they gave me some very good ale one day." Milly at this exhibited some uneasy tokens of being about to 6peak, but not knowing what might be coming, I hastened to observe on the spirited little sketches to which he "meant to draw my attention. " I want to show you only the within easy reach—a short ride'or drive." So he proceeded to turn over two or three, in addition to the two he bad at firet proposed, and then another; then a little sketch just tinted, and really quite a charming little gem, of Cousin Monica's pretty gabled house; and every subject has its little criticism, or its narrative, or adventure. As he was about returning this little sketch-book to his pocket, still chatting to me he suddenly recollected -poor Milly, who was looking rather lowering; but she brightened a little as He presented it to her, with a little speech which she pnlfobly misunderstood, for sue made of one heriud courtesies, and was about, I thought, to put it into her large pocket, end accept it as e present. "Look at the drawing, Milly, and then return it," I whispered. • At:his request I.allowed him to look fltmy unfinished sketch of tlie bridge, and while he was rreasuritog difctnncps and proportions with hie eye, Mdly. wMspere^Vatlier angrily to me, sLa: y' " And 'why ehoufd l ' ;(" Because he wants it back, and onlj meabt to lend it to you/' whispered T. "Lend it tome—and after you 1 Buryme-wick if, I look at a le»f ( of it," i she retorted in Jiigh dijpEeon, ".^e ^t, lass; give if, him youself-^I'fiihqt," andsfip popped It into my band, and made a sulky step buck. h. •'•• ' •* - J "jAy cousin is very, much obliged, 1 " I said, retufrniag tbe book, and smiling for her, and ! he-took it smiling also and said— • ''tUhiiik if iS&ifWjrn; hdw very well : you draW, ltfiss fiilit%i)^ ^'ould have hesi- tated about sbowing.you my poor scrnwle. But these nre not my best, youknow; Lady Knollys will tell you that I con really do better—a great deal better, I think." And then with more apologies for what he called his impertinence, he took his leave, and I felt altogether very much pleased and flattered. He could not be more than twenty-nine or thirty, I thought, and he was decidedly handsome—that is, his eyes and teeth, and clear brown complexion were—and thera WBB something distinguished and graceful in his figure and gesture; and altogether there was the indescribable attraction of intelligence; and I fancied—though this, of course, was a Becret—that from the moment he spoke to us he felt an interest in me. I am not going to bo vnin. It was a gi:ave interest, but still an interest, for I could see him studying my features while I was turning over his sketches and he thought I saw nothing else. It was flattering, too, his anxiety that 1 should think well of his drawing, and referring mo to Ladv Knollys. Caiysbrfike—had I ever heard my dear lather mention that name ? I could not recollect it. But then he was habitually 60 silent, that his not doing so argued nothing. CHAPTER, XXXII. WE VISIT A LIOOM IN THE SECOND STOBET. Mr. Carysbroke amused my fancy sufficiently to prevent my observing Milly's silence, till we had begun our return homewards. " The Grange must he a pretty house, if that little sketch be true; is it very far from this." " 'Twill be two mile." " Are you vexed, Milly ?" I asked, for both her tone and looks were angry. " Yes, I am vexed; and why not, lass ?" " What has happened ?" " Well, now, that is rich ! Why, look at that felly, Carysbroke : he took no more notice to me than a dog, and kep' talking to you all the time of his pictures, and his walks, and his people. Why, a pig's better manners than that." " But, Milly dear, you forget, he tried to talk to you, and you would not answer him," I expostulated. " And is not that just what I say—I can't talk like other folk—ladies, I mean. Everyone laughs at me; an' I'm dressed like a show, I am. It's a shame! I saw Polly Shaves—what a lady she is, my eyes!— laughing at me in church last Sunday. I was minded to give her a bit of my mind. An' I know I'm queer. It's a shame, it is. Why should 1 be so rum ? it is a shame! I don't want to be so, nor it isn't my fault." And poor Milly broke into a flood of tears, and stamped on the ground, and buried her face in her short frock, which she whisked up to her eyes; and an odder figure of grief I never beheld. " And I could not make head or tail of what he was saying," cried poor Milly through her buff cotton, with a stamp; " and you twigged every word o't. An' why am I so ? It's a shame—a shame ! Ob, oh, ho ! it's a shame f" " But, my dear Milly, we were talking of dratving, and you have not learned yet, but you shall—I'll teach you; and then you'll understand all about it." " An' every one laughs at me—even you; though you try, Maud, you can scarce keep from laughing sometimes. I don't blame you, for I know I'm queer; but I can't helpit; and it's a shame." " Well, my dear Milly, listen to me: if you allow me, I assure you, I'll teach you all the music drawing I know. You have lived very much alone; and, asyousny, ladies have a way of speaking of their own that is different from the talk of other people." " Yes, that they have, an' gentlemen too— like the Governor, and that Carysbroke; and a precious lingo it is—dang it—why, the devil himself could not understand it; an' I'm like o fool among you, I could 'most drown myself. It's a shame !' It is—you know it is. It's a shame !" " But I'll teach you that lingo too, if you wish it, Milly; and you shall know everything that I know; and I'll manage to have your dresses better made." By this time she was looking very ruefully, but attentively, in my face, her round ey'es and nose swelled, and her cheeks all wet. " I think if they were a little longer—yours is longer, ypu know;" and the sentence was interrupted by a sob, " Now, : Milly, you must not be crying; if you choose you may be just the same as any other lady—and you shall; and you will lie very much admired, I can tell you, if only you will take the trouble to quite unlearn all your odd words and wnyg, ana dress yourself like other people; and I will take care of that if you let me; and I think you are very clever, Milly; and I know you are very pretty." Poor Milly's blubbered face expanded into a smile in spite of herself; but she shook her head, looking down. " Noa, noa, Maud, I fear 'twon't be." And indeed it seemed I had proposed to myself a labour of Hercules. But Milly was really a clever creature, could see quickly, and when her ungainly dialect was mastered, describe very pleasantly; and if only she would endure the restraint, and possessed the industry requisite, [ did not despair, and was re6olrea at least to do my part. - Poor Milly ! she was really very grateful, entered into the project of her education with great zeal, and with n Strang mixture of humility and insubordination. Milly was in favour of again attacking Beauty's position on her return, and forcing a passage from this side; but I insisted on following the route by which we had • arrived, and so we got round the paling by the river, and were treated to a provoking grin of defiance .by Beauty, who was talking across Jfae gate to a slim young man, arrayed in fustian, and with an odd-looking cap of rabbit-skin on liis head, which, on seeing us, he pulled sheepishly' to the side of his face next to - us, as he "lounged, with his arm under his chin, on the top bar of the gate. After our- encounter of to-day, indeed, it wtw Miss " Beauty's" wont to exhibit a kind of jeaiingdisdainmhercountepance whenever we'passed. T think Milly would have engaged her again, bad I not reminded her of her undertaking, and exerted my pew authority, " Look at that sneak, Pegtop, there, going up the path to the mill. lie mBkes beliefnow he does not 6ee us; but lie does, though, only.. he's afraid we'll tell the QOVBIjjpr, -and ha h inks Governor won't give him his way with you. I hate that Pegtop; he stopped me o' riding the cows.a year ago, be did. I thought Pegtop might have done worse. Indeed it was plain that a total reformation was needed here; and I was'glad to find that poor Milly seemed herself conscious of it; and that her resolution to become more like other people of her station wns not a mere spasm of mortification and jealousy, but a genuine and very zealous resolve. I had not half seen this old house .pf Bartram-Haugh yet. At first, indeed, I had but an imporfect idea of its extent. - There was a range of rooms along one side of the great gallery, with closed window-shutters, and the doors generally locked. Old L'Amour grew cross when we went into tbem, although we could see nothing '; nnd Milly was afraid to open the windows—not that any Bluebeord revelations were apprehended, but simply because she knew that Uncle Silas's order w&s; that things should be left undisturbed; and this boisterous spirit stood i«i awe of him to a degree which bis gentle manners and apparent quietude rendered quite surprising. There were in this house, what certainly did not exist at Knoivl) and what I have never observed, though they mBy possibly be found in other old houses—I mean, here and there, very high hatches, which we could only peep over by jumping in the air. They crossed the long corridors and great galleries; and several of them were turned across and locked, so as to intercept the passage, and interrupt our explorations. Milly, however, knew a queer little, very steep and dark back stair, which reached the upper floor; 60 she and I mounted, and made a long ramble through rooms much lower and ruder in finish than the lordly chambers we left below. These commanded various views of the beautiful though neglected grounds; but on crossing a gallery we entered suddenly a chamber, which looked into a small and dismul quadrangle, formed by the inner walls of this great house, and of course designed only by the architect to afford the* needful light and air to portions of the structure. I rubbed the window-pane with my bandkerchief nnd looked out.- The surrounding roof wns steep and high. The walls looked soiled and dark. The windows lined with dust and dirt, Ami the window-stones were in places tufted with moss, and grass, and groundsel. An arched doorway had opened from the house into this darkened square, but it was soiled and dusty; and the damp weeds that overgrew the quadrangle drooped un- disturbed against it. It was plain that human footsteps tracked it little, and I gazed into that blind nnd sinister area with a strange thrill and sinking. " This is the second floor—there is the enclosed court-yard"—I, as it were, soliloquised. " What are you afraid of, Maud ? you look as ye'd seen a ghost," exclaimed Milly, who eame to the window and peeped over my shoulder. " It reminded me suddenly, Milly, of that frightful business.'^ " " What business, Maud ?—what a plague are ye thinking oil j"' demanded Milly, rather amused. " It was in one of these rooms—maybe this—yes, it certainly was this—for see, the panelling has been pulled off the wall—that Mr. Chat'ke killed himself." I was staring ruefully round the dim chamber, in whose corners the shadows of night were already gathering. • ' Charlie ! — what about him ? — who's Charke ?" asked Milly. " Why you must have heard of him," said I. " Not as I'm aware on," answered she. " And be killed himself did he, hanged himself, eh, or blowed his brains out?" " He cut his throat in one of these rooms —this one, I'm sure—for your papa had the wainscoting stripped from the wall to ascer tain whether there wns anv second door through which a murderer could have come! and you see these walls are stripped, and bear the marks of the woodwork that has been remove," I answered. " Well, that was awful! I don't know how they have pluck to cut their throats; if I was doing it, I'd like best to put a pistol to my bead and fire, like the young gentleman did, tbe3 r 6ay, in Deadman's Hollow: But the fellows that cut their throats, they must be awful game lads, I'm thiukin,' for it's a long slice ,you know." " Don 'r, don't, Milly dear. Suppose we come away," I said, for the evening was deepening rapidly into night. " Hey and !>urj'-me-wick, hut here's the blood; don't you see a big black cloud all spread over the floor hereabout, don't ye see?" Milly was stooping over the spot, and tracing the outline of this, (-erhaps, imaginary mapping, in the air with her finger. "No, Milly, vou could not see it: the floor is too dark, and its all in shadow. . It must be fancy; and perhaps, after all, this is not the room." " Well—I think, I'm sure it is. Stand— • just look." " We'll come in the morning, and if you are tight we can see it better then. Come away," T said, growing frightened. And just as we stood up to depart, the white high- cuuled cap and large sallow features of old L'Amour peeped in at the door. " Lawk! what brings you here?" cried Milly, nearly as much startled as I at the intrusion. " What brings you here, miss ?" whistled L'Amour through tier gums. " We're looking where Charke cut his throat," replied Milly. "Charke the devil 1" said the old woman, with an odd mixture of scorn and . fury. " 'Tisn't his room; end come ye out of.it, pleAse. Master won't like when hd hears how you keep pulling Miss Maud from one . room to another, all through the house up and down." She was gabbling sternly enough, but dropped a low courtesy as I passed her, and with a' peaked and nodding stare round the room, the old woman,clapped the door.sharply, nnd locked It. ' - ' ' ',' " And who has been a-tolking aliput Charlie J —sfpack o lies,"I warrant. ! Fspoie you wan't to frighten Miss Maud here"'(another crippled courfegy) " wi'ghosts and like nonsense.". " You're out there'twas she told me; and tnuoh about it. Ghosts, indeed ! I don't vally them, not I; if I did, I know who'd frighten m^'Vand Milly laughed. v "" The 1 old .woman -stuffed the key in her pooket, and her wrinkled mouth pouted and feoeled with a grim uneasiness,;. , \- " A harmless brat, and kind sho is; but . wiidv-ivild—she will be wild; So whispered L'Amour in mv ear, during the silence that followed, nodding shakily toward Milly oyer the banister, and she courtesied again as we departed, and shuffled off toward Uncle Silas's room. " The Governor is queerish this evening," said. Milly, when we were seated at our tea. " You never saw him queerish, fiid you ?" " .You must say what you mean, more plain fy, Milly., You don't piean ill, I hope ?" " We]) ! I don't know what it is; but he does grow very queer sometimes—you'd think lie was dead a'most, maybe two or three days and nights together. He sits all the time like an o|d woman in a swound. Well, well, it is awful!" "Islie insensible whea in that state?" I asked a good deal alarmed. . " I don't know; but it never signifies anything. It won't kill him, I do believe; but old L'Amour. knows all about it. I hardly ever go into the room when lie's so, only when I'm sent' for; and he sometimes ivakes lip nnd takes a fancy to call for this one or that. One day he sent for Pegtop all the way to the mill; and when he came, he only stared at him for a minute or two, and ordered him out o' the room. He's like a child a'most, when he's in one o' them dazes," I always knew when Uncle Silas was "queerish," by the injunctions of old L'Amour, whistled and spluttered over the banister as we came up-stairs, to mind bow we made a noise passing master's door; and by the sound of mysterious to-ings and froings about his room. I saw very little of him. He sometimes took a whim to have us breakfast with him, which lasted perhaps for a week; and then the order of our living would relapse into its old routine. I must not forget two kind letters from Lady Knollys, who was detained away, and delighted to hear that I enjoyed my quiet life; and promised to apply ih person, to Uncle Silas, for permission to visit me. She was to be for the Christmas at Elveston, and that was only six miles from Bartrain- Haugh, so I had the excitement of a pleasant look forward. She also said that she would include poor Milly in her invitation; and a vision of Captain Oakley rose before ine, with his handsome gaze turned in wonder on poor Milly, for whom I had begun to feel myself responsible. CHAPTER XXXVI. AN AKRLYIT, AT DEAD OP NIGHT. I have sometimes been asked why I wear an odd little turquoise ring, which to the uninstructed eye appears quite valueless and altogether an unworthy companion of those jewels which flash insultingly beside it. It is a little keepsake, cf which I became possessed about this time. " Come, lass, what name shall I give you ?" cried Milly, one morning, bursting into my room in a state of alarming hilarity. " My own, Milly." " No, but you must have a nickname, like every one else." " Don't mind it, MiJly." " Yes, but I will. Shall I call you Mrs. Bustle ?" "You eball do no such thing." " But 3'ou must have a name." " I refuse a name." " But I'll give you one, lass." " And I won't have it .** " But you can't help me christening you." "I can decline answering." " But I'll make you," said Milly, growing very red. Perhaps there was something provoking in my tone, for I certainly was very much disgusted at Milly's relapse into barbarism. " You can't," I retorted quietly. " See if I don't, and I'll give ye one twice as ugly." I smiled, I fear disdainfully. " And I think you're a minx, and a slut, and a fool," she broke out, flushing scarlet. I smiled in the same unchristian way. " And I'd give ye a smack o' the cheek as soon as look at you." And she gave her dress a great slap, and drew near me, in her wrath. I really thought she was about tendering the ordeal of single combat. I made her, however, a paralysing courtesy, and with immense dignity, 'sallied out of the room, and into Uncle Silas's study, where it happened we were to breakfast that morning, and for several subsequent ones. During the meal we maintained the most dignified reserve; and I don't think either so much as looked at the other. We had no walk together that day. I was sitting in the evening, quite alone, when Milly entered the room. Her eyes were red, and she looked very sullen. '•I want your hand, cousin," she said, at the same time taking it by the wrist, and administering with it a sudden slap on her plump cheek, which made the room ring, and my fingers tingle; and before I had recovered from my surprise, she had vanished. I called after her, but no-answer; I pursued, but she wat running too; and I quite lost her at the cross galleries, I did not see her lit tea,'nor before going to bed; but after -I ,had fallen asleep I was awakened by Milly, in floods of tears. " Cousin Maud, will ye forgi' me—you'l. never like me again will ye? No—I know ye won't—I'm such a brute—I hate it—it'sa shame. And here is a Banbury cake for you—I sent to the town for it, and some taffy—won't ye eat it f and here is a little ring—'tisn't as pretty as your own-"rings; but ye'll wear it maybe, for my sake—poor Milly's sake, before I was so bad to ye—if ye forgi' me; and I'll look at breakfast, and if it is on your finger I'll know you are friends wi' me again; and if ye don't, I won't trouble you no more; and I think I'll just drown myself out o' the way, and you'll never see wicked Milly no more." ; And without waiting a moment,'leaving me only hnlf awake, and with the sensations of dreaming, she scampered from the room, in her bare :feet,'with a petticoat about her shoulders. She had left her'Candle by my bed, and her lit;le ;offerjngs,pn tbe coverlet by me.:: If I' had stood nn atom iess in terror of goblins than I did, I should have followed her; <jut' I was: afraid. I stood in my hare feet at my bedside, and kissed the poor little ring apd put it,on my finijer, where it has remained ever since and always sliall. And jyhen I lay down, longing for morning, the imago of her pale, imploring^ penitential face was before ma for hours ; and l repented bitter] v of, my cool provoking jvays, and though't myself, I dare say justly, "a thousand times v 1 more to blame than Millyi, I seirobed in vain for her before bfoakfaSt.' At that meal,, howevor/'we ffiei, but in tlie' presence of TJncle Silas, who, though silent and apathetic, WOB- formidable; und we sitting at a table disproportiunubly large' nnder the coid, strange g:ize of my fftianlian' talked only what was inevitnble, nnd that in low tones; for whenever Milly f of a moment raised her voice, Uncle Silas would wince, place his thin white fingers quickly over.bis ear, and look as if a pnin had pierced his brain, arid then shrug ana smile pitcoiisK into vacancy. When Uncle Silas, therefore was,not in the talking vein himself—and that was not often—you may suppose there was very little spoken in his presence. When Milly, across the table, saw the rinir upon.my finger, she, drawing in her breath said, 1 r'Oh!" and, with round eves and mouth, she looked so delighted; "and she made .a little motion, as if she was on the point of jumping up ; and then her poor face quivered, Bnd she bit her lip ; and staring imploringly at me, her eyes filled fast with tears which rolled down her round penitential cheeks. I am sure I felt more penitent than Bbe. I know I was crying and smiling, and longiug to kiss her. I suppose we were very absurd • but it is well that small matters can stir the affections so profoundly at a time of life when great troubles seldom approach us. When at length the opportunity did come never was such a hug out of the wrestling ring as poor Milly bestowed on me, swavitM' me this way and that, and bijrying her face in my dress, and blubbering— " I was so lonely belbre you came, and you so good te me, and I such a devil; and I'll never call you a name, but Maud—ray darling Maud." " You must, Milly—Mrs. Bustle. I'll be Mrs. Bustle, or anything you like. You must." I was blubbering like Milly, and hugging my best; and, indeed, I wonder how we kept our feet. So Milly and I were better friends than ever. Meanwhile, the winter deepened, and we had short daj-s and long nights, and long fireside gossipings at Bartram-Haugh. I was frightened' at the frequency of the strange collapses to which Uncle Silas was subject. I did not at first inind them much, for I naturally fell into Milly's way of talking about them. But one day, while in one of his ' queerish' states, ho culled for me, and I saw him, and was unspeakably seared. In a white wrapper, he lay coiled in a great easy chair. I should have thought him dead, had I not been accompanied by old L'Amour, who knew every gmdation and symptom of these strange affections. She winked and nodded to me with a ghastly significance, and whispered— " Don't make a noise, miss, till he talkB; he'll come to for a hit, anon." Except that there was no sign of convulsions, the countenance was like that of an cpileptic arrested in one of his contortions. There was a frown and smirk like that of idiotcy, and a strip of white eyeball wus also disclosed. Suddenly, with a kind of chilly shudder, he opened his eyes wide, and screwed his lips together, and blinked and stared on me with a fatuiged uncertainty, that gradually broke into a feeble smile. "Ah! the girl—Austin's child. Well, dear, I'm hardly able—I'll speak to-morrow —next day—it is tic—neuralgia, or something —torture—tell her." So, huddling himself together, be lay again in his great chair, with the same inexpressible helplessness in his attitude, und gradually his face resumed its dreadful cast. " Come away, miss: he's changed his mind ; he'll not be fii to talk to you noways all day, maybe," said the old woman, again in a whisper. So forth we stole from the room, I unspeak- ably shocked. In fact, he looked as if he were dying, and so, in my agitation, I told the crone, who, forgetting the ceremony with which she usually treated me, chuckled out derisively— "A-dying is he? Well, he be like St. Paul—he's bin a-dying daily this many a day." I looked at her with a chill of horror. She did not care, I suppose, what sort of feelings she rai^lit excite, for she went on mumbling sarcastically to herself. I had paused, and overcame my veluctance to speak to her again, for I was really very much frightened. " Do you think he is in danger ? Shall we send for a doctor ?" I whispered. " Law bless ye, the doctor knows all about it, miss." The old woman's face bad a gleam of that derision which is so shocking in the features of feebleness and age. " But it is a fit, it is paralytic, or something horrible; it can't be safe to leave him to chance or nature to get through these terrible attacks." " There's no fear of him, 'tisn't no fits at all, he's nout the worse o't. Jest silly a bit now and again. It's been the same a dozen year nnd more; and the doctor knows all about it," answered the old woman sturdily. " And ye'll find he'll be as mad as bedlam if ye make any stir about it." That night I talked tfie matter over with Mary Quince. {To be cantinuel.) 