THE UNLUCKY LOVERS. A TALK OP JAPAN. Fan'.vv Poo-TToo was a 3 apanese girl, - 'A child of the great Tycoon . She wore her head bald, ami her clothes were made Half petticoat, half pantaloon j Her faco was the colour of lemon-peel, . And the shape of a table spoon. A handsome young cluvp was Johnny Ili-Hi, And he. wore paper-musliu clothes ; His glossy black hair on the top of his head In the shape of a shoe-brush rose ; His eye slanted downwards, as it some chap ; Had savaguly pulled his nose. Fauny Foo-Foo loved Johnny Hi-irij - And when in the usual style Ho popped, she hlrishcd such a deep orange . .tinge, . ■ '. .■1 You'd bave'thouglit she'd too niucli bile, If it hadn't been for her slant- eyed glanco And her charming wide-mouthed smile. And oft 111 the bliss of their new-born love, Did these.httle Pagans stray • All around in spots, enjoying themselves Tu a strictly Japanese way ; She howling a song to a one-stringed lute Oil which she thought she could play. Often he'd climb to a high ladder's top, And quietly there repose As he stood on his head and fanned himself, While she balanced him oil her nose, Or else she would get in a picklc-tub, And be kicked around on his toes. The course of true love, even in Japan, Often runs extremely rough. And the fierce Tycoon, when he heard of this, Used Japanese oaths so tough That his courtiers' hair would have stood oil . end . . ... ... If only they'd had enough. So the Tycoon buckled oil both his swords, lit his pistol placed a wail, And went out to hunt for the truant pair, With bis nerves braced by a.toil. He found them enjoying their m'ileless selves On tile top of a lightning rod. > • Sternly he ordered the gentle Foo-Foo To "comodowu out of that there!" And he told Hi-lTi to go to a place— t I won't say precisely where, ; Then ho drugged off his uhild, whose spasms evinced - , Unusually wild despair. But the Tycoon, alas ! was badly fooled, Despite his paternal pains, For John, with a tooth-pick, let all the blood Out of his jugular veins; , . While with a back somersault on the floor Foo-Foo battered out her brains. They buried them both in the Tycoon's lot, Right under'a dogwood tree, Where they could list to the nightingale, and . The buzz of the bumble-bee ; And where the mosquito's sorrowful olianfc Maddens the restless Ilea. And often at night, wheu the Tycoon's wife Slumbered as sound as impost, His almond-shaped eyeballs looked on a sight That scared him to death almost; 'Twas a bald-headed spectre flitting about ■•■WitH a paper-muslin ghost. 