QUEENSLAND TARIFF. Import JHuihs. Sl'iuua.-Briindj ol tiny strength not exceed- ing tho st length of pi oof by fctko'a hydro- meter, und bo ni pioportion for any glentor or less strength than the- strength of proof, 12». per gallon, epinls or strong wutors, ox ttpting blandy, of any strength not exceed- ing the strength of pioof by Hike's hydro aiutci, and so ni piojioitioti for tiny gret.tui strength than the eticngtli of pruof, 10a. por gullott ; spirits, cordials or strong waters, sweetened or mind with tiny article bo that tho Birt nglh tin leof cunnot be exuctly u«cerl uiieil by Hike's hydrometer, 10b. per gallon; methylated spirits, 5e. per liquid gallon, Wine- containing rao-o than 25 per cent, of al cohol of u specific gravity of '845 at tho tem- perature of 00 dcgrcoB of Fuhronheit'B thor momotor, for oveiy gnllon in proportion of strength, 10a per gtillon. Wino not containing moro than 25 per cent, of alcohol of a spécifia gravity of -825 at tho temperature of (>0 degiees of Fuhronheit's thoriiiomctcr, 6s. per gallon. Alo, beer, porter, cider, perry, and vinegar, in wood, 3d. per gallon ¡ in bottle, Is. per half dozon quarts or dozen pints. Tobacco and snuff, 2s. Od. pur lb. Cigars, 5b. por lb. Opium, 20s. por lb. Coffeo (rousted) and tea, Cd. por lb. Coffoo (raw), chicory, cocoa, and ohocolate, 4d. per lb. Raw cocoa, 2d. per lb. Sugar (refined), Cs. 8d. per cwt. Sugur (raw), 5s. per owt. Molaeeee, 3e. 4d. per cwt. Rico, oatmeal, and maiio-meal, 40s. per ton. Salt, 40i. per ton. Butter, 4d. por lb. Choose, bacon, hams, anti hops, 2d. per lb. Soap (not including toilet soap), 5s. per cwt. Potatoes, onions, hay, and oh alf, 10s. per ton. Wbeut, barley, maize, oats, and malt, Gd. por bushel. Bran and pollard, 2d. por buehol. Biscuits, maircna, arrowroot, jams, jcllios, dried fruit b, and candios, Id. por lb. Bottlod fruitB und pickles, reputed quarte, le, por dozon ¡ íoputed pinte, 8d. por dozen. Bottled mustard, reputed lbe., le. por dozen ; roputed i-lbs., 8d. per dozen. Coals, le. 6d. jier ton. Ode, mineral and other kinds oxcopt perfumed oil, sulad oil, und castor oil, Cd. per gullott. Upon all goods imported into tho colony not licreinboforo enumerated or heioaftor ex- empted from duty, ¿10 for every £100 in vuluo. Autici.es Iïxlmi'ti u piton Dour. Anchors und chum cables over i of un inch in ciiimoter, iron oro, plain sheet iron (not mt hid- ing gulvuniaod), pig, bul, rod, Bent]), und hoop iron, boiler platos, tin plate«, blotk lui, sheet und pig lend, /me, uhcot copper, niuniz metul, tin wrought etccl ! gold, siller, und coppor coin, und unmanufactured gold uud eilver ¡ jirmttd bool.« und nowspuptrs ¡ live annuals; flour; murnini, green fruit, gurilcit eicds, und gulden produce, bulbs, trees, and slit tibs , antique curiosities mid specimens of nuturul history ; outeido puckuges in which goods uro ordinarily nnpoitcd, uud which aro ot no commere al vuluo except us coveting for goods ; piisscnguu' eubm fiunituio mid buggugi, und passengers' personal illeite (not including vehicles, muan til instruments, glubswitro, cntiiuwitio, silver uud gold pluto, und plated goods, mid furniture other tliua cabin furnitiiu') which ule imported with und by pua eongers boiuljidc for I heir own pi rsonul uso anti nut imported lui tho jHupuhuol milo ; iiuvuluud nnhtury stoics, rtotca inqoitcd for the sen ko ol thecoljtnul Goiunuicut, or. foi tho use of llor Majesty's land or bou lurte«, und wines und apirits lor the uso uf Ilia hxcollency lhe Go- vernor, or for naval und militury olliei-ro em- ployed ou uotuul inn al or militury Borneo mid on lull ptiy. ' Ilxroui Dt'TV. In nddition to the ubove, there ¡»also in fore-o uu export duty of la. Oil. pur ounce on gold. I'.XCISK. Tho duty on ruin manufactured in Queens- land is Ge, 8d. per gallon. I Charges ok Shipping i Pilotage -There shall bo paid at cvorv poi* of tbo colony at which there is a pilot's o«t ib , hshment, a pilot rate upon ovcry vessel of 4d por ton, upon hor arriving at and departing fiom such port, such rato shall m no casa bo , lesa Mian C2 10= for tho port of Moroton Bay, noi leas than £1 10s for any othoi port I Light Duj-3-On ontcring and on clearing at tho CiiBtoms at a port, tho ontraiico to which is marked by n const light, nil foreign going vobsoIs ahull puv nt tho into of 3d poi ton , ulso for other const hgbta pussod bofoio nrnving, or to bo pu«sod after leaving, ono penny pel ton foi each light-but in no onio paving for moro than two such additional lights inwards and two outwards (On cnteiing and ou olcanug ita poi t whoro tbele ib no outrance light, tho duos on outficlo lights only will bo chuigcd- but not on mon Utan two) B0M)1 D WARFHOUShS An annual tax of £'50 is ohurgud on all bonded wtirchouios , nnd for tho capacity of nnv ware house to continu moro than fifty tons, £1 oxtra foi even additional ten tons capacity. Jobu Biixihos «iiys ho bihcvoBinthounivor sil Bulvution of mon, but ho wants to pick tho men Win n tho letter G Uko denth ?-It mnkes ghosts of host«, nnd is ulwoys m the midst of elnughtcr A Si Josi i n wife shot hor husband tho othoi night, for deceiving hor. lie promised to buy bei a nulli and didn't An editor out Wost say s that bo is so short sighted that bo often rubs out with his noso what bo writes with his pencil Win ia theio so httlo llutution on board tbo stonmors on tho ovoilund routo to India? Because tho males (mails) uro all tied up m bugs lliF lust western novelty is n " mission taloon," whoro tho but ia passed around for ov cry impecunious drunktud w ho ia umlblo to puv for a dunk An agricultural socioty offi rod a premium for tim best means of tmqation A funnel lending it it i ¡tatton, took his wife to tho show, feeling sure ho would win tlu puzo A lOUNG man, finding that histobucco "didn't chow light," inspected tho sumo and discoioiul that u li/uid bud bcuu pleased between the leaves Thnt iii- countod for its queel taste 1 You" are a cowan!'" stud a cockney to a poor country man who hail refused to fight "No1 boan't," Bind th« country man, "I have nothing to do with cows I um a shepheul " A QUAKER'S advice to his son on his wedding day " Whon theo went u courting, I told thoo to kopp thv eyes vvulo open , now that thou art mun led, I toll theo to ki op thom bulf shut " " li is my biiBinoss to Bound tbo trumpet, of putnotiiin," recently Bald a stump speaker "That's no excuse for so constantly blowing youl own boin'" exclaimed ono of bia tiuditois A man naked another to como and dino oil boiled beef and potatoes with lum "Hint I will," says tbo other, "and it's ruthor odd it should hu exactly the same dinner I bud at homo foi my self- haning the bcof " uovu impel t ment follow advises tbo ladies to got then ugoa ready, us tho census will bo t ikon on the night of Soptombor 1 Twenty to twenty four yours wus tbo figure ton yours ago It will not, probably, rungo abovo that this your An Ahicting Advertisement-"lho young lady who eloped yesterday ia invited to return to hoi diuconeolito parents, but if abo will not como back, she ia earnestly roquoatod lo aond home the 1 oy of the kitchen cupboard nu mediately 'lill, othci du} ii little shtivoi wus expatiating on tbo injin tous cllcctt, of tobtccu Sind ho ' Tho oil of tobacco ia bo poiaouousthut ii an tji drop of it on tho end of ii dogs tail will kill a mun in a minute " Hie boy had got things Blightly n lxetl A Cod Jil tom mt mot with a Scotch lassie going buitfoot tin tud Qlti^ow " Laasio," Bind lit 1 «hould like lo know if all thu pcoplo ni this p irt c,o burcfoolctl i ' ' Purt do, und I lu rest mind thou um husmee," wus tbo rulhci Bottling re ply " Wn ii no yoi mc in by a cut and dog hfo ' ' Bind li liii'bnnil to Ins inic,ri wife " Look ut Our'o ci ti Ki ty na! t p on lho rug I wiall men lived huh ua j i ic tully with then »nu" ' Stop," Bind lln linly , ' lie them to¡,cthci, und boo bow they will uc,ito " On tho clour of the Chi topi n liol se, in Kim ana, wna rieontly pvtudtho following i oticu ' lina hotel ia ilosetl on mumu! of ti dillucnco between tbo propruloi nmi tbo cook, winch waa Bellied with putois, tuid i-ent tim proprietor to tho gruie and tho cook to tho Jail " A scnooinoi having bcon roquired to vvrito ti Lomposili n un somo pun ol tho human bo ly, expounded ua follows ' lite llnont-A tin out ia convenient to haw, cap cully to roostiis mid niiiiiatciB Ibu fornior outs corn, uud nowa willi it, und tho bittet prcuchcB willi bis'n und tlOB it up A QtMirviA!\ of n decided Tcutonio fiiBt of countunuueo, having knocl id for u long tnno in win ut tho town eleik'a olino door, nt Middle ton, anxiously inquired of ii by star dei what wus the muttor lie wus politely lnfoimcd thut tho oflico was closed, but, if tiny thing important waa wanted, the houso of tbo clerk mimili bo found " Oh," Bind tho Tunton, " it is nothing , 1 onlv wanted to got man led." A Massachusetts pupor tolls of a colored woman who had bcon lately converted, but waa bo unfortunuto ub to Hy into u passion ovor the misdoings of one of her neighbor's young sters lier mistress remarked upon tho impro- priety of such oonduct in tho ease of ono ubout to join tho church, mid rccoivcd tin frank responso " I have 'spenonced religion, un l'a gwino to join tho elim cb, but, Miss B--, I'll scald dat nigger fust " Danifi/b Wilt -OIobo upon ono of my New Hampshire haunts dwelt » youth named Daniel -a stout, lusty youth in health, but uow very sick with fever-so sick that the doctor stud ho must die Daniel had soen the suns of two and twenty summers without having gutborcd to his possession much of worldly goods, but the doctor know not tho condition of his matonal estate, und thinking that ho might havo somo simplo legncu b to leave, ho deemed it propor to wurn Daniel of Ina approaching fute Üo ne cordingly did so, mid furthermore udviaod Daniel, if ho lind any will to muko thut bo Bhould muko it at once Duniol didn't readily call to mind tbo business of tho pust Ho thought long und uriouely on tho momentous Biiljeut, und nt lust his oyo beamed, und u now light waa upon Iiib pallid face " Doctor," bo auld-Ina voico waa low und liUBky und very weak-' 1 hum t (,ot much to loavo, but I s'po«e if 1 till it to yew, it'll bo all right an' Balor1 ' J bo pbjBiciun ii«aurcd him that, under tbo ciicumatiinccs, u verbiil will would bo good and mllicicnt " " Wal, ' BUld Dnniul with an cllurl 'last sutnmor yvhon wo wa* n liny in', Dick Duolittle-yew Inow Pick i ' Hio doctor nodded nu iilllrniutiw " Dick, hu borrcr'd half ii plug ol torbut k i of mc, 'n' 'o uti't paul it - Nn.au, 'f 'u M Bio 'im an' c,it it of 'mi, yow nu lit cm it to dud, uu' toll lum ub buow 11 w Heil it to 'im Dutl 'd bo pnowful c,lu<l to huvo it, un fiom'iib haow Dick ones it to mo, lu ort'i pay tt " ' la thut till?' usked Iho i phv Menin ' Yu iib," haul Dunn I, with a aigb I ot reliof " Uiui II square mu up with tho ¡world" Daniol sank back U| on his pillow, ' tho iinwontid exertion hud thrown lum into a perai ii at um-tho j on » of l ho ekm were opened , untl tho (ovei sti in, oiled through lim million menue* liku ancxonijcddemon Agenlloaleip Biiccectl d, and Diuiiel awoko thirofrom greatly mvijorutid In short, Duniol ro mcred und unxudeii ng ne un Vnd Daniel lived to soo Iii) Jiuohtth , und Dick paid Ina debt lil o a mun C iiiihltooi) -Tot man onjoy »lint ho will in lifter hie, li hi' childhood bus hen bleasitl with tin cure nnd kin Intis of u |udicious motlici, there will tomo moments when tho cup of pleasure will I (lu»hiu boin Ins hpa us laute h an, in compinsjii willi thoso liouis of swelt und numil intercourse, when ho drbt learnt d to look for t pervading »pint in thu realms of nut uro-to weliomo all tho ununatod and |oyous crcituritof until us members of his own wide brotherhood und to hail lho bcuaiB of morning nu pIctlgiBof tho mi xhiiUBtiblo boneflcenco which oreuted both life and light, und ordained them at blunMuge to muiikind. 