NEWS QF THE WJEEK. By the Aldinga we have papers from Melbourne to the 30th, Sydney 26th, Laun ceston 24ih, and Hobart Town to the 23rd ult. . The Primary Judge, Mr. Justice . Gwynne,- sat on Friday morning to take Kquity business. The cause list was arranged, and several minor matters were disposed of. We have received a French song and chorus, to be sung at the graTul- tiilcrtainment' in aid of . the French Belief i'und. The song is entitled ' Dieu Sauve La France,' the words being composed by M. Tocchi, and the -music by Mr.T. Ellard. The whole ia lithographed by Penman k Galbraith.. - The following is a list of , the names of the gentlemen .who ' have entered to compete forrthe Hughes Challenge Gup: — Ca.pt. Scott. Cipt. Ferguson, Messrs. Jas. M. Smith, Jas. Mcfc'airlane,' M. Eankiiie, C. White, Boshto, Jno. btark, Jas. -Rankine, Jas. Scoular, E. Paterson, Jno. Bankine, G. JSankine, W. Baker, D. F. Gollan, Stibbles, CottrelL, Beyer, Kobjohns, Leonard, Higgins; Sicks,. W. : A. Keid,T. G. Pappin, A. Smithi J. Allen/ and 'A. £. Addiflon. , - ? ? ?;.;??? The Growler* 'Times says :— ' Mr. Cr. Sheriff has 'this; week killed one of the finest heifers 'we -\ev«r -heard- of s ?SKe'- was reared' by' Mr. James Martin, and beii g very fat was sold for beef.; She weighed, the enormous amount: (for a heifer) -of I,0j08 lbs. The beef we need: hardly add was magnificent. Mr. Sheriff has also killed a giant pig weighing over 19 score. Mr. Bright has killed seven sheep averaging : 85 lbs. each. They are of Mr. /. :H. Angas's breeding, ,? ?:??'.'.. -::. :? A .short time . ago . Mr, ! ^Tprden, t who lives near Williamstown, having a contract for making a piece of road, obtained for the rurpose of metalling it a quantity of the.' ironstone con glomerate called V cement' on the diggings. In one or two blocks of this, on being broken, impressions of leaves were found, to well defined as' to appear almost like the actual leaves them selves. The ribs of the leaves are distinctly marked, but on close examination the. substance shows minute pebbles, like those composing the «tonein which the* impressions are'formed. Mr. Worden specimens of the stone and deposited them in the Institute -Museum, where they may now be seen.— Gav&er; Times. The annual general meeting of the ?North Adelaide Young Men's Society's Cricket Club was held on Friday evening; September L There was a large attendance, . and the captain for the past year (Air. J. W. Colton) presided.1' The report stated that the number of paid up members was 39, being an increase of five on thatol the preceding year. Eight matches had been played by the first Eleven, of which three ' were won, four lost, and one tied ; and six by the'Second Eleven, one of which was won, four lost, and one drawn. A satisfactory balance sheet was presented... The following gentlemen were appointed officers for the ensuing year : — President, Bev. James Jefferis; 'Vice-President,. Mr. C. Balk, J.P. ; Captain. Mr. O. A. Mullen ; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. W. -G. P. Joyner ; Committee— MessrB. E. G. Millard, H. Lynn, O. Leader, and J. W. Oolton. V«tes of thanks to theretirjng Committee closed the proceedings. : The AthelBtone Band of Hope Fes^val was held on Wednesday last in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, when a well-attended -tea. ©ok place at 6 o'clock, after which a successful : public temperBnoe «»«mHng followed, vh6&2f*b Baiwonf -'by ' invltatibn,1 ' oecupu^'. the chair. After {be Chairman's excellent address, the Secretary and Treasurer g&ve; a very enoourag ing report, showing that the1 Band funds j_ amounted to £3 183,*nd that .the number of r member_B on^the roll was 46, outsf so ?mall and ftinlyj popolaied -a neighborEood. Ad |resfB»jwer«deareeedby ftfewrs. Jno. Pitfomng, a.jUdor,: J» Pepp«t lW. nCioaBmaii, I. tC Hpaddey, Smart, and others «U..«sKneat:in tbe cajLpe.of Iptal.ebstinenoe; and aBUch:^ood, il beliflwSf.yili.be l^TresBlt.. {TheBe1 wasa large -^ and attentive aadi^ioe, .Sotne good xeeitations ' were well.givejn byjf wrfc: Wilkey smi Black- also soD.e singing at inrervala.. JSbteaof thanks to- the lad-es- foEjproviding ihe -tea,1 also the Chairman and speakers,. «ad »U irha awdatedin the meeting,: brought a very pleasant meeting to a close. Thanks are due to Mii. and Mra. Eawson.for entertaining thoae£whoJiad to go to Adelaide with V the imp rtbati cheers tat ; not inebriates.-' .-.'?.. ? ..,.: [^ ;.-.-. ; ;A bazaar, xmder the patipr^e'of Hia Excellency the ^rernor,. and in ^d of the French Belief Fund,' was opened *iji theTowa Hall Exchange* Eoom on Friday afternoon, 6ep :temj)er';l. The . xbom ( Mself , wa» very- , tasted fully decorated, the flags and banners of variouB natiohs which, were hung iy»on the jvalls, and the.elegaJitly-arranged festoons of ..evergreens and'bouqueis of flowers, lendingjit a v'ery, fright *nd' pleasiog appearanca, . The .ii^rangenient of ;tlie various stalls also exhibited ^'opd ^aste, for although they contained a. large, quantity of articles, still; the goods were .so idisposed.th'at there was no. appearance of crowdings . The con tributions Were numerons, and things; had been, ?given by bo many that it would he invidious to mention.: any names. Suffice it to «p.y that the stalls bore ample evidence of the liberality of the sympatihisera with the French nation. On No. 1 stall, presided .'.over by. Madame Tocchi, Miss Dardoy, and Miss Wyat*?iaifi first object attracting ^attention, was a caM.bf.' perfumery, containing* tbid products of- tlie.skitt of Mojiaieujr Tocchi, nearly, arraogea. ' There /^'ere.; also prettily worked ' ottomans, .' a cushion,' a car riage. rug, and' some .beautiful flow*]-* 'index a glass shade. On No. 2 .stall,' under, the juper- \ intendence of Mrs. Wilcpx . and the Muses Belcher,' a .large variety .of clothing And fancy . goods ;was oSservable. The Misses Harfield had - charge of No. 3 stall,' distinguishable for its -^^ choice assortment of fancy goods; No. -4 stall, '? under the care' of Mrs. Trueman and Mis« Shugg, . was covered with flowers, and claimed ' general attention,' being both attractive to, the , : eye; and .pleasing to the, olfactory nerves. '„ ^The ? next' stall— So. '5— had a more businesslike ap-.' . pearance, -for upon it were displayed various bags of seed, bottles of tomat'e sauce, ami even; : vegetabl «. '- No. 6 stall was under the superin-- , ' tendence of Miss Belcher, and exhibited a large ' collection of toyB and fancy article'*, in addition toahandsomeside-saddle and bridle. , The re freshment stall — No. 7— was under the presi \- deacy of the Misses Bland, whodispensed solid Y~ -and liquid comforts. There was a fair atten dance during the. afternoon, and several sales were effected In the. evening the attendance was much larger, and the charms of music were added 'to the other attractions of the bazaar, which will be continued this . afternoon and evening. ' ' ' .''.' : ' ; On Thursday a number of children were playing near a horse at Hindmarsh, when one of tiiem struck it, and the animal com menced kicking. A little child about four years .old; named Bower, jvas kicked on the head, and on -being taken to the Hospital it was discovered that a compound fracture of the ' skull had been sustained. - An important, article appeals in the Overland Ceylon Times i-especting the prices at : auction brought by Australian borses. - A lot of 57 were sold, realising in tbe aggregate £L562. The highest was sold for £54, and the lowest for £15, the average price, of the lot being £26 10a. At the same time. 00 ws , were sold at prices ranging from £17 to £31, and, three bulb at i*22, £23, and £32. Tweuty-three ewes sold foe £24 14s., and two rams for £6 and £7 each. Great regret has been expressed by the Port Presbyterian congregation at the transla- ' \ tion of the iiev. James Henderson te Adelaide. In order to as quickly as poHsible replace the reverend gentleman, the congregation tele- - graphed to New South Wales to the Rev. Mr. MacLaren, who has recently left his church at Brighton, England, for Australia for his health. He has cordially accepted the invitation to minister for. the Port Adelaide Church. He comes to South Australia with an excellent reputation. : - -. On Thursday evening, August 31, a tea and lecture, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to,the funds of St. Paul'sSunday-school, took place in the Town Hall Exchange Koom. . There was a large attendance. The Very Bey. Dean Russell presided at the lecture; and in his opening remarks referred- -to the work of the parish, and expressed a desire .-to secure the help of additional male teachers.; -;? The lecturer : . was ' the Bev. S., Green, his subject beinR— .' Legends of the Patriarchs.' It was a very interesting lecture, and the entertainment was - rendered the more attractive by musical selec tions and readings. The proceedings terminated - ia the usual manner. f ? - - - t ? ' On Thursday we saw atL Mr. T. Johnson's warehouse, King William-street, two curiosities in the shape of pieces bread and shell . from Paris. The bread was coarse' and bro wn, but scarcely as black as that used in old times by the peasantry in some parts of Eogland. The j, bread was enclosed in a paper parceL an which was written— 'Piece of bread we had to eat at last end of siege. ' The'tshelL itwasjstated, burst outside. Mons. J. Francaxtr's leather dressing, factory, .122,,Bue gt. ., Marti n,,,pn January 29, .. and . after ' the explosion there was. a general' scramble for pieces ef it. ' Mr. . Johnson also received a parcel of goods, which ,. : left Paris on the 16th of May, and must have ; been prepared during the Prussian investment. . ; The annual meeting, of the- Adelaide Chess Club was held on: Thursday evening^ , August 3L There was a good attendance;' and;'' ' X- Mr; J. Mann presided. The ieport and.ijalanjce- . . ^ sheet were read and adopted. ' The membership was fixed at 38, and there was i credit balance of ovei £8.- The officers appointed .jWerer^Homr: D7 HodgkJss, M.t.a, President; Messrs^ J» , Mann, and W. D. Scott, |ftoe-Presid-Hits ,; Mr. . ? E.M.Steele, Treasurer; and Mr. T. Burgan, Sec. - retary. The following were chosen as* General . . Committee, with the officers actingiex officioi — [ . Messrs. W. J. Fullarton, J, JUasters^Hi *,,.;.. Thwaites, and S. TyrrelL On the motion of :, Mr., Thwaites, .seconded by Mr- Steele, -it was . r/ decided that a' tournament should be played \ ?; dqring the forthcoming year, the details ;tar be r decided hereafter, but the -date up to which- ;.-; entries would be received was arranged, and the :.-,. appointment of a Handicapping Committee ? . was left to the competitors. Minor matters -. having been arranged, the proceedings closed ? ?- with thanks to the Chairman and retiring :,; officers. On Thursday evening the Foley Troupe gave their first entertainment White's Rooms to a full house. The pro- gramme commenced with the farce of ''The Limerick Boy," in which Master John Foley, as Paddy Miles, exhibited some amusing and lively acting, and was well assisted by Miss Kate Foley, other characters being taken by the senior members of the company. This piece created considerable amusement. Master John then took thy leading part in a number of songs and dances, Miss Kate also singing sweetly; but with rather too much seriousness. The Shakesperian burlesque of "Vilikins and his Dinah" concluded the per- formances. The piece is lively incident and dialogue; but the young actors were scarcely distinct or expressive enough in delivery, so that the effect of the best puns and strokes of humor was to a great extent lost. By careful rehearsal, and more carelessness as to the audience, this defect may be remedied, and then nothing will remain for the juvenile per- formers but to divest themselves of the gravity that is apt to oppress them, to make, the piece run smoothly and pleasantry. Some lively dancing, and a grand comic tableaux, brought the proceedings to a close at a rational hour. ????' ?'?ttkr-Jbar.^Su. H^id^recm, o^Polrt \- Adelaide, has*iecepte-L» unanimous'call- to the pastorate of St Andrew's CfatcrcEr^idelaide, in suocesmon to the Eev. Bobt. Haihing. . : Messrs. Stalling & Co. on Wednesday afternoon received a telegram from Hay, stating that the information against the steamer Went worth, for carrying liquors, was dismissed. The QdyoUr Times states that in Dr. Popham's little paddock in Gawler, there is a fine crop of barley in ear, and that to the northward several crops of oats and barley are ~in the Bame for ward state. The Gnwler limes says: — *'On Satur day last, Mr. Oscar Wehrstedt txraght from Mr. Goddard a lump^f melted gold weighing over fiv« ounces, and being the result of little more than one week's work of Mm and his'son, in the HnmbugScrub.'' ' ?* ? ? j The Mount Gambler Standard learns from Messrs. N. A. Lord & Co., that the, Royal Shepherd broke her steam-pipe when off Port MacDonnell, on Iriday last, and being thus unable to make that harbor, went on to Mel bourne. Mr. T. Duryea has just completed to order a portrait in oils of the late Mr. John vv-iTiTia.il, It has been enlarged from a carte de visite, taken several years ago, but none of the friends of the deceased gentleman -can fail to recognise the likeness. The colors of the vessels in harbor were universally half-masted on Saturday as' a mark of respect to the memory of Mrs. : Orchard, the late wife'- of the captain- of th« Pekina. The intelligence of her decease reached the Port by last mail. According to the Sydney Morning Herald of ths 15th August, the effect of raising the railway charges on the Goulburn line, has been to bring about a large and enccessf-jl com petition from teamsters, whose rates of cartage are considerably lower than those charged on ike iron road. On Wednesday, August 30, a man named James Eakins, who: work? for Mr. E. Wiight, Magill, was thrown from a cart at Mrs. PenfoM's, MagUl, and sustained a disloca tion of both bones of the forearm (backwards)* The dislocation was rednced by Dr. Benson. We understand that it is intended to get up races for the 24th May next, under the management of the same Committee as that of the last meeting on tfie Old Course. An Adelaide Cup will be the chief feature of the programme, which will be prepared with a view to afford ing plenty of sport. The Northern Argus speaks of a mag nificent flock of sheep coming down from one of Mr. Angas's stations above Mount Remaik able, and mentions that the carcases of some of them, purchased by Messrs. Beckmann, of Clare, weighed, when dressed, as much as 100 bs., the greater* number being nearly 9() lbs. The fat from off a single kidney weighed 6 lbs. We have been shown by Mr. H. ones, the photographer, opposite the Town Ball, Bang William-street, a catte tie visite of he claimant to the Tichborne Estates. It is a well- executed photograph, and the alleged Sir Roger appears to be a better-looking man than ope would imagine from the reports. Con sidering the interest the Tichborne case is ex citing, there will no doubt be a large demand for the likenesses^ An accident of a somewhat serious nature occurred at Kanmantoo on Thursday, August 24, to a young man, aged 18, named Paul Green. It appears that he was rolling wheat, when the horses shied, he was knocked down, and the roller passed over him, breaking his right thigh, cutting bis head, and bruising his face. Me was brought to Adelaide on Friday, and admitted to tke Hospital, where the injuries were attended to. The usual monthly entertainment in the St. George's Schoolroom, Alberton, took place on Tuesday evening, and was as successful as usual, the room being crowded, and the audience greatly entertained. Excellent music, both instrumental and vocal, and capital read ings and recitations were given by various* ladies and gentlemen who kindly aid in forwarding the object intended by the founder — to create a taste for cheap really good entertainments. On Monday a man, named John Belton, was admitted to the Hospital suffering from h\:rts to the Joins and legs. He states that on Tuesday week last he was in a public house at Kangarilla, and intended to proceed to Dashwood's Gully. Before leaving the house he asked for another glass of beer, and the publican taking him by the hands pulled him up from his seat and ejected him, so causing the injuries. Speaking of a Queensland election, the Brisbane correspondent of the Sydney M&rning; Herald, under date 10th instant, writes: — 'Mr. Handy is carrying on the campaign in the Mitchell with much vigor and perseverance. It seems that votes are held to be of almost priceless worth in that electorate, where there are only twenty- nine voters, for a correspondent of a local paper states, 'One of Handy 's voters is dying, and strenuous efforts are being mace to keep him alive tmtil polling-day !' Rather a serious sort of joke that ?!' The Supreme Court gave judgment in a number of cases on Monday. la North Australian Company v. Blackmore (nominal defendant) the judgment was in favor of the plaintiffs. The rule for a new trial was discharged, and the defen dant's demurrer to the plaintiffs' declaration overruled. The plaintiffs' demurrer to the de fendant's pleas was struck out without costs on either si(ie. . In the case Collector . of Customs v. Lowman (under the Customs Act), the Court ruled that the Magistrate -had not jurisdiction, and the order for the condemnation of the goods was quashed. 'Some few years back,' writes the Southern Cress, 'nothing but religion occupied the minds of the natives at Tauranga, New Zealand ; afterwards war, with all its excite ment and reverses ; but more recently cards has been the all-absorbing subject. From a child of five years of age to the aged veteran of seventy, they may be seen engaged in this vile and exciting practice ; and it is no uncommon circumstance to witness special- parties playing till daybreak for a penny box of matches.' The following are extracts f-om letters received in Adelaide from the river districts : — Toorale, August 22.— It is reported that the Kamoi is in flood, and if such is the case we ? may look out for another rise shortly. Another letter, dated August 27, states that the river is ? falling. Wentworth, August 28. — Advices from the Upper Darling state that it is about the same as last mail. Moorna, August 28.— I am in hope that we shall have some rain here shortly ; we always h^ve rain in September. -We had a slight ehower, enough to damp the grasr. The weather continues very dry. A bazaar in aid of the Clayton Manse Fund was opened at the Town HaT, Norwood, on Monday, August 28. There is a floating dtbt upon the manse of £120, an# a strenuous effort is beiBg made to liquidate it. Through the thoughtful liberality of some members of the congregation during a late visit to England, the Committee were able to invite the friends of . the undertaking to a sale of ustful and orna mental articles, specially selected in England, and comprising household requisites and articles of utility. The sale was opened at. 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and up to 10 o'clock a brisk busi ness was carried on. The Directors' report of the National Marine Insurance Company is published, and is of a satisfactory character. The premiums for the half year ending, August were £31 ,543 8s. 7d., against £28,098*33. 3d. for the correspond. ' ing period of .1870, and this in spite of increased ' competition. The paid-up capital only amounts to £37,500, the portion not called up being £212,500. The profits for the half- year are £3,131 5s. 2d-, which the Directors will appor tion thus : — Dividend at 10 per cent, per annum, or 3?. per share, £L875 ; Eeserva Fund, £625 ; balance carried forward to next half-year, £631 then will be tl5j2261s. SSVl .,'. 'f'r r' X'- '?' \ ' ??? The Fort MiacDormeU correspondent of the) Mount Gantiiiir Standard forwards to ithat journal a small scrap of paper found on ? Tuesday last by Mr. John McKenzie, 'boundary rider on the Mount Schanck estate, in a bottle picked np on the toast near the plabe where tile unfortunate Admella was wrecked:—'' Ship l-ecapolis, Capt. F. tor T:] M. AlmoncL La*. 40* 54' S., long. 124° 14' K. May 4th. 1870;» On the' other aide— *' If picked up, please to fiend time iand place to Capt. H. Toynbep, Meteorological Society,' 116, Victoria-street [supposed] -London.— May 4th, 1S70.' ; . ...On. Friday evening, August, 25, ail. amateur entertainment in connection with the Brighton Institute was given in the Town J9Ja.lL There was a very large attendance. : His Wor ship the Mayor presided. The - programme, which was choice and comprehensive, and was' spiritedly earned out, included readings and' recitations by Messrs. J. ,H. Clark, B.; Will-' shire,-A. Broad, B. M. Whitington, and W. G. Stevenson, songs by Mrs. V. V. Brown and Mr. Smith — all of which were. fully appreciated— and duets and solos by the Misses Brown, M. A. Baker, Addison, Bandall, and Mrs. Bandall, were excellently rendered. . The whole was -a' complete' success. After the usual votes of thanks, this most enjoyable meeting concluded with the National Anthem. j The Hope of Kingston Tent, No. 37, of the South. Australian District Independent, Order of Rechabites, S.U., was duly opened by tihe D.S. Brother E. AJcock on Friday evening, August 25. Twelve candidates out of 16 were initiated. The following officers were duly elected for the ensuing 'six months : — Brothers J. H. Smith, C.K. ; Chas. Dover, D.E. ; ,B» Morris, Secretary ; A. Soar, W. Steward, Th'os. McGorey, M. Steward, A. Barber, Levitea ; Peter Conley, Guardian; Bev. D. Milne, Trea surer. The D.S. read the , dispensation autho rising the Tent to be opened, and made a brief statement of the steady progress of the Society sines its formation in 1860. A ..unanimous, vote of thanks having been passed to -she D.S., the Tent was duly closed. , '. ,: On Friday night, about 8 o'clock, an attempt was made by some burglars to enter, the bonded store of Messrs. Cruttenden & Main, on Levi's Wharf. . The would-be thieves lad managed to wrench off one of the padlocks on the outside ; but the noise made in so doing caught the ear of Sergeant Deyle, who wai on the other tide of the bridge, and he imme- ' diately proceeded to the scene of action, taking with him a suspirious-looking character lie met coming across the bridge. On getting near the store he saw two men indistinctly, who ran away, and managed to get clear. On examining the door the burglarious attempt was quite manifest, and a crowbar was found that the scoundrels had broken in their operations, and left on the ground in their hurry to escape detection. On Monday evening. August 28, a meeting was held in the Magill Institute, in connection with the local Band of Hope. There was a very large attendance— the Insti tute being crowded — and 50 or 60 persons had to take seats in the adjoining schoolroom. Mr. W. T. Waterhouse, the Vice- President of the Society, presided. The evening's entertainment consisted of recitations, dialogues, and songs by members of the Norwood Excelsior Band of Hope, and selections of music by the Drum and File Band of tho same Society, all of which were very well appreciated. A vote of thanks was given to the performers. Mr. Brown, leader of the band, suitably replied. This very successful meeting closed with the .National Anthem. An amateur concert, under the auspices of the South Australian Catholic Association, and given in aid of the fond for building a wall round the Cathedral and St. Francis Xavier's Hall, took place on Wednes day evening, august 30, at White's Rooms. The entertainment was under the patronage of His Lordship Bishop Sheil, and there was a very large and appreciative audience. The pro gramme — a lengthy one — was choicely selected, and was exceedingly well carried out. The Misses Delano and Lindstrom played selections upon the piano, and the vocalists were Mrs. Perryman, Misses N. Bermingham and Flaherty, and Messrs. J. Bermingham, P. Owens, DeNormanville, JIumme, and West lake. Mr. McBride rendered with success ' Benedict's Soliloquy, ' and was encored, when he substituted a violin solo, which was admix ably executed. Mr. A. J. Diamond also con tributed to the enjoyment of the evening by his exquisite playing, on tke Knglish concertina. Mr. B. B. White presided at the piano. Up to the time of the departure of the last mail from England no pastor for the Stow Church had been obtained, although those gentlemen to whom the selection has been entrusted had been doing their best to secure a minister suited for the pastorate. A letter ad dressed to the Deacons from the Bev. T. Binney has the following extract, which was read to the congregation by the Bev. A. Scales on Sunday morning : — ' Adelaide has been very much on my mind. Mr. Hannay went down last week iflto the country, and submitted your case to one of our first men, and I ha re written to him since to -urge our object. I fear it may be without result, but if it should succeed you will be satisfied. If we should be disappointed I have a letter from a superior man, of good standing amongst us, in a foremost position, enquiring about Adelaide, respecting whom I shall see Mr. Hannay, as I have already sent him the letter referred to. I merely drop you this line to let you see that we do not forget you, though we find it difficult to act. The fact is there are. very few first-rate men in our .ministry, and where they have any ability they are wanted here, and cannot be spared. I fer vently hope that, though you may wait long, it may turn out that you have not waited in vain. ' The yachts Banshee and Jane essayed a race on Saturday, but the whole affair, from be ginning to end, only proved a case of drifting over the tide. There was a prospect at early morn ing the wind would be favorable, but towards 2 o'clock it had fallen away considerably, and shortly sf ter the start, it fell away to a calm. The two boats came to the post in good order, and it being arranged the mainsails should be set, that was done, and at about half -past 1 they started, with the wind light from aboit N.N.W. The Jane had the weather position, and at once made a staTt on the port tack, send ing aloft at the same time a very well-cut top sail. The Banshee seemed out of trim, for she did not make any appearance at starting, and for several tackt the Jane led the van. The interest in the race had been well kept up, sup posing the wind continued, but, under the cir cumstances, it became calm, or nearly so, and the two boatB wandered down the river in com pany, but it was well on towards sundown ?before the buoy was rounded. The Jane had the lead at the beacons, and it is said that after dark a light breeze enabled the race to be oon cluded with the Jane leading. It is reported the Tace is to be sailed over again when there is a good breeze, for it is a very tame affair, and not at all suitable to spirited youngsters, to drift round a course instead of enjoying the ** wet sheet and flowing sea.' The Standard (London paper) contains the following: — 'On Wednesday, June 21,'the Mercers' Company had the honor to entertain at dinner in their hall the Bishops of London and Hereford, Lord Truro, General Sir John Pennefather, Admiral Ryder, the Right Son. R. Mowbray, M.P., and amongst other distin guished persons, Mr. George Woodroff e Goyder, the Surveyor-General of South Australia, who has just arrived in England upon a short visit . after having formed the new settlement at Port Darwin, on tin northern coast of Australia, and made the necessary arrangements for an. electric caVe being laid, down between Sourabaya, ' in the' Island of Java, and' that port, and from thence ? an electric wire across the vast Continent of Aus 1 tralia to Port Augusta, in South Australia, and I Adelaide, which city is at present in telegraphic J communication with the town of Wentworth, ; situated at the junction of the Biveis Murray : and Darling, in the centre of Australia., one river being navigable by steambeats (for some .porjaoiijjof the yeM)1-fpri2,P00Jndlpf,-andJJh« bourne, .Sydney, r^^ Brisbane, the1 -capital of Queensland, 'thus .^completing^jthe circle d£ the world by the electric wire, rwhichlaak will ; be completed before next Christmas.' .-.. . i The annual meeting of the Kent' Cricket -31ub was tirld at the Prince Alfred Hotel, on Wednesday evening. : There was a srery good -muster of members, and Mr: T.' Burgan presided, Mr. Giles -Secretary) pre-r seated the balance-sheet, from which itappeara that there is a -fair «um ' in hand to commence the season with, Onthemotion of Mr. C. C-: Kingston, a vote: of thankslto the; Committee: was- carried 'unanimously. Special votes -were -also given to ithe retiring Secretary, 'and. to Mr. Fe&therstone;, who had acted aspractice captain last season. .The routine business having been disposed of, Mr, Wi B. T- Andrews' was re elected -President; and Messrs. H. Cowie and A. Chapman! Vice-Pcesidents. Mr. L. Shojl was elected Secretaryrand Treasurer 5, and Mr. B. Feathersone, Practice Captain. The appoint ment of Messrs. Ashwin, M. Giles, and Pope, as the representatives of the Club -to the Cricket . Association^, iwas confirmed; v Messrs. -Featherstbhe, Thornton, Malcolm, Aisn win, and Burgan, were chosen to act as a Committee. Two new members, Messrs. Cockbnrn, and.A. Davies, were . elected. It was decided to com mence practice early in September.' ' .. : On Wednesday -?? we were shown this batteries and'appurtenances' about to be sent inland for service ion; the Overland Telegraph line. There are six batteries, including one. called the translating battery, the object of this: being to repeat of its own' agency without delay. or requiring fresh manipulation' by an opera tW..' The machine is in duplicate, and bytheaimplest contrivance one part works 'through the other, and in a return message the action is reversed. This will be ' fixed about - the centre of the con tinent. Ail. the batteries are of the best known description, made by Messrs. Siemens Brethers, ' German manufactures, of London and Berlin. They have been fitted tip in ibe Adelaide office, under the superintendence of Mr. Cunningham, by the ppeiators employed in the service, but principally by those -who will have the, manage ment of them on theline. All: have been tried, . and, found to work admirably. They will be dispatched with the operators about -a fort night hence. Four batteries have' already been sent to Port Darwin, besides several. to Port Augusta. . Besides -these standard machines, there will be the pocket batteries, for speaking on any part of the. line. The exqnisite work manship of these contrivances well repays a pro- longed inspection. Mr. Donald Gunn, of Pikedale, writes to the Warwick, Argus, Queensland, with refe- rence to oil being an antidote for strychnine. He says:— "Some time last year I noticed in the newspapers an account of the death of a young girl from poison by strychnine at Ingle- wood; and again I notice the death of a young woman at Leyburn from the same cause; and from this I suppose that it is not generally known that oil is an antidote. It is quite common on stations where strychnine is used for the destruction of native dogs that the do- mestic and useful dogs get poisoned, but on every occasion where I have given oil to the poisoned animal the dog has recovered, though in some instances after having had several fits, and to all appearance beyond recovery before the oil had been given. Once two dogs got poisoned here at the same time; one had sul- phate of zinc, the other got oil, given. The one that got the oil recovered, and the other died. I am so confident of the cure by oil that I think I am only doing my duty by letting it be known through your paper that a gill of salad oil poured down the throat, if not too late in the application, is enough for a dog, and ought to be tried on a man." The Melbourne Telegraph states that important evidence in the Tichborne case went home by the last mail. Great stress, it will be remembered by readers of the proceedings in connection with the trial, has been laid on the fact that the alleged Sir Roger has been unable to corroborate Ms explanation as to how he escaped the loss of the vessel in which he left England. His assertion is that he, with some other survivors, was picked up at sea in one of the ship's boats off . the Brazilian coast, and brought on to Melbourne. No trace could hitherto be found of this arrival of castaways, and the circumstance has always told strongly against the claimant. The reading of the news paper reports has, however, freshened seme people's memories in. Melbourne, and by the last mail statutory declarations were trans mitted to Messrs. Baxter, Rose, and Norton, of Westminster, solicitors for the claimant, affirming the fact that certain seamen and others picked up off the Braailian coast did arrive in the port at the time stated by the alleged Sir Roger. A clue having been ob tained, the matter, is now under farther inves tigation, and other material evidence on the point will be transmitted by the next mail in time for the trial, and in time also, it is be lieved, to exercise a great influence on the result. A special meeting of the Port Elliot and Goolwa District Council was held on August 26 in reference to tho proposed Road Bill, and a number of resolutions were passed Btrongly objecting to the Bill, and asking the strenuous opposition of their representatives te it in Parliament. The Council considered that the proposed Local Boards wonld have no ad vantage commensurate with the expense in volved ; that the constitution of such Boards as proposed was highly objectionable, and that the voting power held by Government in the nomination of two-fifths of the T whole mumber might prove very injurious to local interests; that it is premature as yet to abolish the Central Road Board ;., that all main lines should be constructed before the change is introduced, so that the maintenance alone should have to be provided for locally ; that whenever the Central Road Board is abolished the District Councils are the proper bodies to have control of all roads (under the occasional inspection of a Government surveyor);, that this could be effectually done by District Councils at but a small increase in cost of management on their present expenses ; that the principle of charging those who use the roads but little, as much as those who have almost the entire uss of them, is objectionable, as in the Council's opinion the tax should be in proportion to the use of the roads, or in order words should lay in the traffic itself and not on the land. A quarterly soiree of the Port Adelaide Institute was held in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, a ugust 28 ; Mr. John Formby in the chair. There was a large and fashionable attendance, and the whole affair was a success. ? The programme was varied, abounding inrexcellent music, both instrumental and vocal, readings, and tecitations, and con cluded with a laughable- farce entitled ' ' Slasher ' and -Crasher. ' The Misses Thomas and Winter gave the audience much pleasure by means of -their very sweet voices, and were rewarded by plaudits and floral offerings at the conclusion of ; their efforts, besides nottobe denied «ncores, which were considered by a large number present to be unkind demands; Mr. Flint did the comienn a very funny manner that was much enjoyed. Messrs. A. Sitmns and J. Blairinrecititions were much applauded; and the Bev. Mr.' Green read *ith excellent effect 'My Wedding.' Mr. -D.' Bews recited by rei quest, ' Auld' -Maidie's -Schull.?1- and ^delighted the audience. A duet between Mrs. W. S. Jones and Mr. Webb, ' entitled - ' Very Suspicious,'? \- was capitally rendered and much enjoyed. Mr. J. Shakespeare presided at the pianoforte with his usual ability.' The farce was well mounted 'and played- by the amateurs, the 'characters being supported by Messrs.' W. B. Poole, F. R. Burton, A. Simms, F. Doswell, L. Wickstee-3, D. Beresford, and W. P. Wicksteed, the 'two latter young gentlemen taking -the ladies' parts in an unexceptionable manner. . ' At the close of the annual business meeting, of the Stow Young Men's Society, the -following address, tastefully penned and em bellished by Mr. j. P. Joyner, and enclosed in a silver-mounted. casket, the work of Mr. H. Steiner, was presented, on behalf of ike Society, by the oldest member and Corresponding Seore :}'!#?*& «\r *.- ??!*.; /. ±4 V s- -I' ii tary/Mr.-'B:vjN. -3bnTgrav6,H;S Mfc Storrte, dn his retirenieji^fjpojjJihe^Ope-Preddency:— 'To' W. Storrie, Esq. — Dear Sir— On the occasion of Toarret^m«ntrfrbm the -ffibe7tof.37i:e-PresiJ dent of thefS.towMeBaorialChnrcn Young Men's Societyywe-are. desirous of expressing the fee|-j ings of 'esteem and respect we -cherish towards yon, ahd'-we takelthe opportunity of recording by this address pur sense of jjklie pbluafipnsrnn-'' der which you have laid; tile Society, during the threey eats you have teen,its Yioe-President by the assiduous and painstaking way in which you have'unifo'rmiy discharged the cluties of . your ,office;by the genial -.courtesy of- youi 'bearing amongst us-; by ihe criticaT akill,.thep15.terary -knowledge* and the -mlti vate'd tas)te brought; to bear by you on the different questions wi^h we have had from time to time under oar cohncier ation ? alia by the «ffec1ave manner in 'which yon have represented the Society at -its -public .entertainments. By these all of us have bene fited, and, whilst' thus conveying bur 'thanks and our sense of obligation to you as, Vice-. President, permit us to unite in wishing yoiL continued prosperity and. increasing happiness in your home circle. — Signed, on Tjehalf of the Society, .by W. H. JTewbold and B^ N. Cpni grayB,' Secretaries'; XT. Fitch, 'Treasurer V'J. McLean, librarian j G. C Howie, C. Q Bhll, and D. Eobln, Coinmitteemen. — .August' ^'29, 187L' . Mr. Storrie said that the presentation had quite taken/him by surprise. 'He expressed, much Ratification at receiving so handsome a testimonial, and returned his very cordial and sincere 'thanks. . ' The following return, 'having reference to mineral leases held wholly 0* partly in the 'name of W. ''W. Hughes,' and also of the' Trustees of the Moonta and Wallaroo Mines, lea., has been printed and laid before Parlia ment :— Under Act 5 of. 1867-r W.'W. Hughes, lsection, Wallaroo Mine, taken up 10th April, I860, and 'three sections, same mine, ~on 17th July, I860 ; 4 sections, WandHta Mine, taken, up i.Bt July, I860; 1 section, Wallaroo Mine,1 taken up 17th April, 186L 'W.'W;; Hughes and E. K. Horn, Matta, Mine, taken up 17th Aprilj. 1861, and 2 Sections, same none, ph'^th January,' ; 1862. ;W. W. Hughes and Edward Stirling, 2 sections, Moouta Mine, taken up 1st September, 1861; 1 section, Kurilla, Mine, taken np 8th October, 1861 ; 10 sections, Moonta Mine, taken up 12th September, 1861 ; 3 sections, ' Waridilta Mine, , taken up 3rd December, 1861;j. 1 seotion, — — Mine, taken up 6th January, 1862.— Under' Act 24 of 1862— W. W. Hughes and Edward Stirling, 4 sections: Moonta Mine, taken up '? 12th September, 1862, and 1 section, same- 'mine, on 19th April,1854.— Under Act 23 of 1867— W. W. Hughes and B. Stirling; 1 section, ? Mine, 1st April, 1870. W. Wi Hughes, 2 sections, 1st April, 1871, The Fortschrittz-Verein gave a thea trical entertainment at the National - Hotel, Pirie-street, on Monday evening, August 28. There was a large attendance, and the hall pre sented quite a brilliant appearance. The pieces selected were. 'The Liar,' a scene from ** Don Carlos,' and 'Romeo in the Office:' In the first of these, a German heiress, desiring to en courage several admirers, has to resort- to strategic measures, in consequence of which she is ' complimented' by one of the characters oh being a ' most clever liar.'' The acting, as a whole, was very good. The young lady taking the character of the heiress had a proper con ception of her part, which ?? she performed with much ability. The acting in the other pieces was also exceedingly creditable, the ladies espe cially acquitting themselves remarkably welL The performances altogether were provocative of much merriment. - The appreciation of the ' audience was testified by frequent and hearty applause. ' TLe Concordia Hand, at intervals during the entertainment, discoursed selections of operatic music in a mest excellent manner. After the performance there was a ball, to which a large number remained, and the dancers enjoyed themselves till ' night's candles had burn-out.' -' ' On Friday evening, August 25, an antertainment by members of the Elocution Society was given in the Heading-room of the Institute. There was a very 3arge attendance, ind Mr. L. Glyde, M.P., occupied the chair. The Chairman having made a few introductory remarks, the programme was proceeded with, [t included some very excellent and well-selected pieces, and was carried out in an exceedingly cre ditable manner.. The first recitation — 'The Lighthouse- keeper,' by Mr. C. E. Eall, was given very effectively. It was followed by the 'Knight and the Lady,' from the '' Iogoldsby Legends,' by Mr. F. T. Sanderson, whose de livery of the serio-comic piece was much en Joyed. Mr. A. McDonald having recited ' The Bonfire of Craig-Gowan,' Mr. F. Johnson gave a selection from Dickens's ' Martin Chuzzlewit.' The, Chairman then apologised for a slight alteration in the ..programme, and intro duced Mir. R. Whinham, who . recited, with His customary ability, ; ' The Combat between Fitz- James and Roderick - Dhn,' The firs'; portion of the programme concluded with some really . very excellent ' comic imper sonations ' by Mr. G.' Laughton, who kept the audience in roars of laughter for some time. After an interval of ten minutes the remaining portion of the entertainment was gene through. A recitation . by Mr. 'Verco was followed by 'The Dea.th of Mirmion' by Mr. E. Finlayson* Mr. F. T. Whitington then gave 'r The Babes in the Wood,' avid made way for Mr. R. Whinham, who, in an animated and thrilling manner, recited 'Edinburgh after Flodden.' A comic scene — ' A Regular Fix,' in which Messrs. F. Johnson, F. T. Sanderson, F. T. Whitington, E. Finlajson, and J. J. Be'.re took part, brought the entertainment, which had been a most successful one, to a close; 'Votes of thanks to the Chairman, and to the Go vernors of the Institute for the use of the Reading-roo n, having been accorded, the pro ceedings terminated. On Friday evening, August 25, Mr. J. M. -Solomon, J.P. , Mayor of Adelaide, held an inquestattheShipInn,Currie-street,onthebody of a man named Nicholas Winter,, aged 59, who died suddenly during the afternoon. A Jury of 13 was empannelled, and Mr. John Ramsay ehosea foreman. The body having bes'n viewed, the following evidence was taken : — Ann Winter, wife of deceased, said she last -saw her husband alive about 9 o'clock in the morning of the 25th of August. He had his breakfast and went to his work at Mrs. Hart's buildings in Hindley-street as usual, and was brought home about half- past 11 o'clock. Deceased was alive, but could not speak. Be was not subject to fits. He used to drink, but was not'^an habi tual drunkard. William Frier, painter, knew deceased. About 11 o'clock deceased assisted hinv (witness) to move a box from one cellar to another, and as decease 1 was return ing to his work he complained ;of gid diness in bis head, and said he did sot know what he was doing. He eat down fora few minutes, got up a^ain, and commenced to vomit a, green substance. Tried to give him some brandy, but he could not take it. Got assistance^ bebiuse deceased could not stand, ?and teok him. home and laid him. on tlie sofa; Went immediately, for a doctor, and brought back Dr. ' Clindening. -Deceased had not been drinking. ..Never, heard him com plain of being unwelL Mary Mahoneyj servant : at Mr. ; Chapman's, Hindley-street, gave corroborative evidence. William Talbot Clindening, surgeon,, said he was called in a few minutes before 2 o'closk ' and found, de ceased in a dying state- His pulse was very low ; he could^notspeak^aid was ? unconscious. Had contracted pupils. Told deceased's friends that he could do nothing: for him. 'Deceased died about two hours afterwards. Had .the usual Tattle in' the throat. -His -opinion was that deceased- died ftoui an .'affection -«f.- the brain. From his apneatance Should Say lie was worn out. The .affection, of .the brain might ?have been caused by a fit of apoplexy^.or Jong-j continued drinking. By a Juror-— Thtnik dJe-i ceased died from natural ? causes. After s. short deliberation, the Jury returned a verdict , to the effect' that deceased died from natural -causesi . , ? ? : . '? -'?- .'' ::\ '- The Port Adelaide Amateur Dramatic Company, assisted fey amateurs from Adelaide, .and with the able services of Mrs. Ray, gave a most successful entertainment in -the Town Hall, Port' Adelaide, on Friday evening, August 25, in aid of the funds of their Club. The jfirst .-part'-jcogQsvfteU; *?? QopSBt i?al^ , 'S5IET ^n comic a^i^recita^ons^apji'tte j&rstrBcene; j&om; ?'fiatofet?5 in5 the c6mip':Bt)ngB'nti!;Tplint was; all itet'JobuId be:aesir*d, axA conTalsea^he audience withihisq-oaint humor and.power:ot grotesquivg his countenance. Mr. Diamond was aJ?o very good, and the .same may. ^.. '^aid of ^ Mr. U. fi.VSelth, A -gentleman.' amateur with a very;' -good tenor : voice,-; sung a couple -of sentimental songs with taste, and Messrs. Xeito -and Lawton aung a duet. Mr. Bradddck recited the 'Maniac.' In the ssene from;*'. Hamlet,', the partof the Queen was taken by Mrs. Bay,_and was an excellent im personation. Mr. T. Smith, juniorfs, 'Hamlet*' was yery cleyer ; and the Ghost, as un dectaken- Tjy_, Mr. Braddock, was a - good piece of 'acting. ,At the conclusion of. this. piece, the audience gave the performers a regu lar .salvo of applause. Mr. A. Dian-ond played some selections on the English concertina with' much expression. After an interval of -ten minntes, the. Port Dramatic Company per formed the amusing farce, entitle^ 'Toe lip-, perary Legacy,' the respective characters 'being taken as- follows i^rXuroem- Green, 'Mr. T. Smith, jun. ; Lanty Scrimmate, Mr. G. R. SelthY^oD^Gills^'Mr: WT' F*1 Clark^ Chublock, Mr.; Plint;, Lizzy, Mrs. H. J. Ray; Policemen _X Nos. 1 and 2,. Messrs.,.. ,G. Stephens .-and ? F. Clarke., The piece, was a -most creditable performance, the whole being well-mounteS, and the actors being well, up in their parts. The audience ap peared to be much' delighted, and : at the con cl-uion the actors were called before the. cur- tain. We must not forget to mention that Mr. Pybus presided admirably at the pianpforte. .There . was a very full attendance, and we believe the Company have every reason to b* satisfied with the response tEe public have made to their call for aid. In the future, no doubt, charitable institutions will reap the benefit. '- '? Our attention has been called to the following; extract from the proceedings bf thia Zoological Society, referring to a new spscies of kangaroo. ' We publish it in the hope -that some of our northern settlers may be able 'to furnish Dr. Schotnburgk -with one or two specimens, for transmission to England, where they would be^higHy Valued by ;the^ students of Natural p3Btbry':^-'''A kangaroo, purchased of ? a London dealer' on the 25th of February, and presenting the appearance of being a young animal of a species allied to the red kangaroo ^Macropus' rufus), about half grown. After careful examination, Mr. Sclater Had failed in his endeavors to associate this specimen with any described species, and, therefore, proposed as its temporary designation, Macropus Erubes cens, tp. nov. ?? General size and appearance that of a young female red kangaroo \Macropus ru/us), but Tather larger than the specimen of the latterspecies born in September last (with which it is now associated), and ears distinctly larger, -and fur thinner and longer. Body above pinkish grey, mixed with black hairs, except on nape and upper back, below paler, mesially white. Tail pale brown. Hands and feet blackish.- Ears large, on the outer surface blackish and nearly naked, or sparingly covered with' very short blackish 'hairs as in M. Mclanops. Vertical stripe between the ear, and nose black. Hab. — Vicinity of Lake Hope, 200 miles in the interior from Port Augusta, head of Spencer's Gulf, South Australia. O6s. — Mr. Gould in his ' Mammals of Australia,' (Intr. p. xxix.) seems not qui'e decided about the dis tinctness of Maeropus Major and M. Melanops. We have now pairs of both of these species living and breeding in the Society's Gardens ; and if, as I believe, the latter are rightly .named, I think there can be little doubt as to these two animals being distinct. Besides its much smaller size, blackface, tcc,M. Melanops is readily dis tinguishable by its nearly naked - ears, which ire merely sparingly covered with short blackish hairs. In this latter character M. Ei-ubescens closely resembles it.' ; On Monday evening a musical and dramatic entertainment was given at the Royal by the Benevolent Dramatic Society in aid of the French Relief Fund Bazaar. The atten dance was small, probably because the intense interest felt in the sufferings of the French' from the late commotions is naturally some what on the wane. Ihis truly charitable entertainment was planned before the arrival of the English mail, telling us of the wonder ful elasticity of French resources ; of the wealth of the country, as evidenced by the subscription in France itself for twice the amount of the loan ; indof the rapidity with which the ravages of the war are being repaired, and demolished villas and palaces rebuilt. In the face of such facts there must necessarily be an impression that the French are fully equal to the relief of their own people, who have been impoverished by the late foreign war and the morecruelcivilstruggle. The object of the amateurs, however, being a humane one, it was to be regretted they met with so little encouragement. The programme commenced with an : appropriate: song in French by a gentleman amateur, followed by the song 'Canteneix.' 'There is a Flower that Bloomtth' was sung with great expression and musical skill, and called ferth an encore, to which the vocalist bowed his acknowledgments. 'One Thought of Home' was sweetly rendered by a'young lady who is well known for her gifts of melody. A comic song was encored and another substituted in response. A hornpipe was gracefully danced by a young lady of great terpsichorean attainments, and warmly applauded! The' drama of *' Won at Last' c mcluded the entertainment. It was rather too quiet, and the performers too often required the cue, but there was some creditable acting. Especially we would notice that the simple ' Ferdinand Fitzsinith,' and the villain of the piece, ' Buchanan,' only required study and practice' to be developed into really- good impersonations, the conception of the characters being, on the whole, correct. In the other parts the actors did their best, the most successful being Constance. Schrader's Band played well, and contributed much to the evening's enjoy ment. It appears that a deputation consisting of Messrs. H. K. Hughes, M.P., A. Waits, M.P., W. H Charnock, A. S. Clark, H. Cowie, F. S. C. Driffield, J. S. Turner, and E. ~W. Wright waited on the Treasurer on Monday for the purpose of pointing out the danger, that would probably arise from the leakage of the kerosine store at the Port,, and the means of averting it ; but as we received no intimation of it we are unable to give a detailed report. It was stated that 'the Marine Board and Port Council had been asked to remedy -ths evil, but although a' by-law had been passed, which had t.he .effect of causing the removal of the in flammable mattsr into the Glanville District, the danger could not be removed. The kerosine store is at present near the water for con venience -in loading, and- it was urged that if a fire broke out there' nothing i could prevent ?it spreading - among 'the. shipping. A sug gestion was' made to the effect that the store should be removed further inland, and a trench dug, or an embankment thrown -up- around it, as had been done in Melbourne. The Treasurer admitted -the im portance , of some step's being 'immediately taken to avert the danger that might arise on account of the store beiug so near the water. He deprecated' the idea of 'ahythihg'in' the shape of a cellar, as at every tide -the' water would get into it and float the kerosine 'up 'to ,thb highest level, and the liquid might leak intp the creek. The only1 remedy he could propose' would be the removal of the oil intirthe sandhills 'where a large quantity might Jje absorbed without danger. A hint. .was. thrown jiut that this1 arrangement '...might, interfere, with, commerce, aad that it was not a, cellar that was wanted, but a slit embankment three or four feet' high. On. Tuesday evening, August. 29, the second i)f a serios.of I entertainments, .to the in mates r of the Government charitable institu tions was ? given at the Destitute Asylum. His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, who has become the patron of thegejeogcerts, ionored J.he .coin pany with his presence, and stayed- during a -portion -of the evening. His Excellency on leaving was -heartily cheered by- the inmates. His Worship the Mayor presided, and in a fe'wappropriateremaarksopenedtiie proceedings. The feUowing programme 'was. then gone through : — Pianoforte duet'—' The Cure Qua drilles,' Mrs. H. F. and ;Miss Price; vocal duet — 'Gipsy Countess,' Miss Vaughan and ' ? i ? ? ? ? 4_ ? T7'f ivr- nin^ .Mr. WJVwBr'i b^^VMrP^-tf^*^ B. Gowenlock ; ; ballad — 'IbveV SfequesY' Miss Annie Hart faccompaHiia'fcy Miss Hart) ; song— 'l?mLeaving theSini Sorrow, £Binisite,V Mr. W; ©yer.5 ballads— *! The Irish EmSgmnt;'- ' Belie w me if aJl/' Jliss Vaughan ; readings— ^'Th'e Old Man'? Marvet*' s'.Graypsrff a House-, hold,' theiKjoffess (54x8.^. -& ^olomoa); national *ong— *'5Phe Queen's Letter,' ' Molly :Asthore,':Mrs. Peryman ; 'Fffity Years Agb,'^ '?Bloated Young Aristocrat,' Mr. .F, Mitchell ;: concertina— Selection froai ' Don-- Pasqnalej' Mrr.H. Robertson ; ballads — ' Jessie's Dream,' 'Bridge of Sighs,' Miss Powell (accompanied by '.' Miss : Dnggan) ; baflaus^' Home', Bweefr Home,'-'' Little JfeU,'- Mrs. Peryman ; songs— .-'Excelsiot,'' .' To-morrow,' Mist-Annie Hart ?(accompanied byt Mies ^ Hart) ; reading, Jiev. J. C. Woods, B.A. ; reading^-' Jilay Queen,' Mis., Solomon;, character ' songs —.' Tobias and Btancus,' 'Big .Sunflower,'*. Mr. ^ F.: Mitchell. Several encores were demanded and -complied with, j Mr. F. - Mitchell in particular a-eceiving unbounded applause. Mr. ,Kitzen kindly eenta piano gratuitously for^he 'use of peif ormers, and Mrs. Price and Mr. : Pounsett were the accompanistB. - All 'the per/prmers : gave their ;services'gratuitbusly. - Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon. the promoters of these con-j certs, lending as they de to '^ameliorate; the con dition of. those who have unfortunately been Se-. priyed of thepower of seeking anuisement elite-; wherei One of the 'company on behalf of those* assembled thanked the performers for their kindness, which haying been -acknowledged,: .and a, vote of thanks passed to the Mayor, the. National Anthem closed the proceedings. The jiezt entertainment- will probably be -given at the Iadustrial School, MagUL His _Excellency_the_ Governor held a Council on Thursday morning, at which all the Ministers -were present. . ? The dismasted barque- seen coming up Hob son's Bay en. Wednesday, supposed to.be the Bengal, is reported to be the King Oscar, a' coal trader between Newcastle and Adelaide. : ' '? On Monday evening, August '28/ a public entertainment was given in the school room of Mrs. Rix, in aid of the Methodist New Connexion Church, Thebarton. There was a 'large attendanoe. The chief feature of the ? evening, a humorous and instructive lecture on the 'Arabian Nights' 'Entertainments,' deli vered by the Rev. Herbert ,-Fenton, afforded immense enjoyment. Recitations and readings, were excellently given by Messrs. - Wright,-' Cargoeg, Mills, and -WeUox, all of which were heartily applauded. Such .was the success of the entertainment in point of excellence and. attendance ' that it is intended to attempt another at no distant date. The anniversary sermons of the Metho dist 'New Connexion Church, Hope Valley, were preached on Sunday, August 27, by the Rev. Herbert Fenton, to large' congregations, that in the evening quite filling the church. On Tuesday, the annual tea meeting waB.held, When a considerable number sat down to an excellent tea, provided by Mr.' James Smith, of Hindley-street. After tea a crowded ' public meeting was held, which was presided over by Mr. Fenton. The report showed that the in come had exceeded the expenditure, and Jike wise spoke of the large increase of congregation,. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. Baraden, Gibbons, and Warming; recitations by Messrs Mills, Feitch, Knackee, and Miss Mansfiell; ?3ngs and duets by Mrs. Chapman and. Miss Keinsford. The services were everyway pro fitable and pleasant. On Wednesday evening, August 30, at Ford's Hotel, Port Adelaide, a preliminary, public meeting was held fer the purpose of discussing arrangements for a regatta at Port Adelaide on New Year's Day, 1872. The Mayor (Mr. John Formby) presided. There .was' not a very large attendance, but those who did put in an appearance were menef the right sort. The Chairman said that generally arrangements for the regatta were left too late, but it would also appear from the small attendance that they had this year .began too soon. He remarked that Mr, Bundeyhadwrittenapologisingfor his absence in cosequence of not being well He hoped some gentleman present was prepared with a resolution to put to themeeing. Their great difficulty no doubt would be to find a Secretary to replace Mr. H. D. O'Hnlloran, . who had unfortunately signified his decision not to act again in that capacity. Captain Ferguson, President of the Marine Board, proposed, and Mr. J. M. Sinclair seconded, ' that Mr. O'Hal loran foe again asked to act as Secretary.' He was without doubt the best man. Carried. Mr. O'Halloran in reply, stated that he had always opposed any person being placed . on the Committee who might become' a competitor in the sports, and as he intended to enter his yacht at the forthcoming regatta, he must decline to accept the Secretaryship. Mr. Win. Christie — No doubt Mr. O'Halloran made a consistent although not a valid objection. They would find it an extremely difficult affair to carry out a regatta if people ' interested in the sports were not placed on the Committee. It must be remembered that Judges were appointed, and therefore it did not matter if a (ompsiitor was on the Committee, However, it weuld be for the pressnt meeting to say if they considered Mr. O'Halloran's a valid objection. He well knew the- trouble and badgering ' that accompanied the position of Secretaryship, and that his efforts could never p'-ease alL He was inundated with useless letter;*, annoyed through letters to tbe press, and at last accused of selfishness for him self or his friends, all without the slightest foundation, and this course of proceednre eventually ' wears, him - out| although, he has all the time been working hard for the success of the regatta. However, he would ask that the Secretary should also re member that principally to his efforts success attends a regatta which' gives a day of intense amusement to five or six thousand people,' and _to put this fact against the annoyances to re ceived. Mr. O'Halloran, in reply, said he really had not time to spare to undertake the duties of the Secretaryship; He had taken the office last year against his inclination, and he considered that 'some other gentleman should come forward.. The Chairman remarked that Mr. O'Halloran had worked so well last- year that naturally he was considered indispensable. However,1 'they could not. force him to accept the position, and they must in the meantime proceed to other business, and settle the matter of secretaryship afterwards. A resolution was then ?carried that an annual regatta 'be held on 1st January, 1872. It was also resolved to request His. Excellency tho {Jo: vernor to become its patron ; the Hen. John Hart; C.M.G., . President; Messrs. H, 'K, Hughes and Mr. Quin, members of Pari liament for the. district. Vice- presidents ; Messrs. Jho. Forinby (Mayor of Port Adelaide), Captain Ferguson (President Marine Board); Captain H.' Simpson* Mtisirs.' A-: P. Hall^Tf^a surer), and Turtbn. to act as a Committee,' with power. _tq. elect ;- Secretary.'. Captain, J., Wi Smith and Captain John : Bickers, ' Judges ; Captain Quiri and Mr. Taylor, starters.. Mr; W. F. Clarke 'proposed' that as it was in tended l-y the owners -bf- 'ketcheB.'.O; to have a race, that it would ', be'- as well; that, it should .form part ;«f.i. -tni. regatta, . and that a; .portion', of the .funds shouldlbe allotted for this race, to come.'pff^on the 28th December. After, a lengthy discussion, in !which .the meeting considered it' ^mu' Vfc- ; advisable that the-keteh z^^duld'&tmP;^airt -of the regatta from the fact .of it being obliged te 1 be run outside tiie harbor, .the motion Japsed for' want of a seconder, ; and the proceedittjs terminated with a vote of -itii-.Tiirii to the Cnair ntan. .; - ? ' *.-''' ~r-~ , ~ .. ' ~ ~ : ' : : ^RjaaaBHr.BodE.-=— 3?his ;i« a danger; laid^dowu on the charts of the China Sea as beittgin2o°-67' N. 124* 11' ^B. long., and so it is described in . Horsburg. ' The. captain of the Adelheid^ iow ever, had Bomervery good observations in the vicinity, ^nd '--tn sets it down in :^5P =53' N. 124' 33' E. : This information .is valuable to mariners visiting .the locality, .which ja.'et&y; day becoming - far better . known j and although the yery'names of Torres Straits and the Banda Sea at 'one time were bugbears' to iiayigators, Captain L«hmann holds' 1i.e opinion that a few years will abolish these ideas. 