The most careless reader of the recent election addresses can hardly have failed to notice the curious general agreement in regard to the tack-stairs influence brought to bear upon the Mining Department* We do hot irefet s'pefii l ally to the charges brought ttotf.aild- -formerly against Mr G. Dyte, not are we concerned at the present ttfjiiuig in tracking suggestion, to its Inmost cell,” we merely wishto drarV at tentionto the.fact that there -is a general be lief that-mining leasee, like kissing, have gone by favor. Defenders of the department and tbs haye.told. us that ..these.improper, things were due to the wickedness of members, and not to the corruption of the department) -whilst the department itself-haa been officially declared to -be as chaste as icej and as pure as snow* Yet, the dictum holds true and it does not escape calumny, nor does the persistent whitewashing of a few defenders suffice to prevent some of the dirt sticking. W'e leave the department to itself as a thing not to be understood, nor to be meddled with by hands profane, and accept its own view of its own perfections for the time being* - We return to our sheep. . The fact Stands out in striking prominence that men who, have been connected with the •' management : of mining ; companies for years, men who fought through the long, and weary battle of litigation in Ballarat; men-who-know more ‘about leases than ever appeared in print or in the books of a company, are all of one opinion; and that is, : that in order to get leases large sums of money have been spent. We quite share in Mr Dyte’s scorn of the ten guineas'. When hundreds have been given for less work, and even thousands spent to carry a point, to be fubbed off with a paltry ten guineas was enough to make the ghost of: pro per representations rise from its new made grave and gibber at the Comer. This, how ever, as all must see, but confirms the general impression. Members of Parliament were required, as it has been decently put, “ to look after" mining leases. What “looking after” means we cannot exactly say, but we think that we could guess; Taking cabs and sending telegrams are two important duties which are diligently attended to, but these are rather means than ends. Why are the cabs taken, and why are the telegrams, so very expensive, sent? Why must a member of Parliament be the sender? Are members so.noted, foritheir business tact, their sound knowledge, and their pure intentions, that they' should 1 be chosen and so many others passed by? We ask these questions in an enquiring ‘ spirit, mainly for the satisfaction of some of our Mel bourne contemporaries whose souls are vexed at the manifold wickednesses of Ballarat, and who mourn over the hatredshown to the model department. “La, an’ you speak ill of the devil, how he takes it to heart,” we might say to one at least, but we spare the inference though ive cannot withhold the quotation. We wish to deal seriously with a serious subject. The repeated statements to which we have referred, and which in better times would have aroused instant attention, do not, necessarily, show wrong-doing on the part of the depart ment, though they indubitably prove that the system is wrongs .Mining - companies do not spend their money for nothing.. Some kind of value is received,, though we are not told what it is. A- system, however, which admits of this kind of work cannot be a good one, since there is,' clearly, : a'. want of uniformity, and-a yielding to solicitation what is not granted in the ordinary way of business. This must always be the case so long as min iug is carried on by favor of any one man or of any department. If either can give or enforce rules or leave them unen forced, there always must be an. opening for what is called proper representations, and no one can tell to what, lengths those representa tions may go. The complaints come from all sides. Recently, a member of the late Par liament said that an unpledged member could get any favor from the Government, of course because his vote was sought, and the inference is, that the departments are worked for the obtaining and conservation of majorities. All these things show the necessity for reform, and such a reform as will leave industry free to develop the resources of the country without the necessity of seeking a favor either from a Minister~or a department. We suppose’ that it would be a waste of time to say anything about the moral aspect of the question. Here, we are in the habit of quoting what candidates in the United States say about the corruption which exists there, but if some American paper should turn the tables upon us by re printing extracts from speeches recently mafte, we should not present a very satisfactory ap pearance, In this colony the degradation of public affairs has proceeded so far that these charges; affect us . little. - After a land racket who cares for a mining swindle ? : After Jones ■ who notices a Dyte? As Pope puts it, after Sappho who cares for other ladies of free-and-easy manners? Still, as a matter of economy, if for nO other reason, it would be well to sweep the accumu lated rubbish away, deodorise the Mining Department, and save the money spent upon it. This we hold to be the most important duty that the new Parliament will have to per form, and if it be properly performed the country will gain more in a single year by the development of native industry than .all.the duties to foster industries that are hot native can ever give. 