GENERAL NEWS. •' THfc 1 NEWS BY THE MAIL. om lOHDON LETIEB. (inunt'ouB <w» oobrespondeot.) LONDON, Aug. 12. A traveller round the fashionable parts of London at the present moment would think that some great calamity had befallen it, so lifeless are the streets and squares, and so uninhabited the houses. No wonder that it looks like a deserted village, seeing that •everybody is out of town—only a trifle or so of -about three millions being left behind—in* eluding the wretched Hoube of Commons, whom their rigid schoolmaster William will not let go home to their shooting and ■batting, because they have not been behaving as good beys should hiave done this session. Along dreary session it has been, and as barren in hopeful results as any session in English history, and it generally seems to be the case that a Government which professes to be going to reform everything, ends by doing very little. The programme has been magnificent, but the power of performanoe very limited. We must not say, however, that the session has been uneventful, for Sir. Gladstone has given the first blow to the stability of the House of Lords, and has brought the Executive into collision with that ancient body in a manner that was felt to be a wilful insult. The Army Bill, as far as it abolished purchase, became law by Royal prerogative in defiance of the disapproval of the House 6f Lords; and even Mr. Gladstone's own supporters could not but view it as a hazardous and unprovoked coupdCilat. What ever may be the faults of the Lords (and they have many), no loyal or constitutional person can help seeing that it is the prelude to an attack of disestablishment, and a pandering to the worst clamour that a -country can give way to-^the clamour Of the mob. Through the whole session have the Government been; | acting in the same reckless way. ■ The bill for preventing political meetings in the parks was; , .abandoned in deference to Odger and his associates ; while the meeting in Trafalgar square, which was first prohibited, was held in all its glory by-the bullying demagogues ■ who called it; Mr. Bruce having apologised , for the prohibition, and having found Out a convenient loophole for sayiiig he was mis 'taken in its character. Astonishing, indeed, are the dread and suspicion with which all classes view our present rulera, and even the most ardent Anglo-maniac cannot deny that we have sadly degenerated during the last few years, and 'that we are going down hill at railway , pace to revolution. It is an ugly word, hut it la no use blinking it, and we might as well understand that the monarchy is doomed, that the Lords are-in their last days, and that Qdger and Bradlough will head the new republic. Infidelity and conceit will be triumphant, and respectability nowhere. Just at present, before the House breaks up, there is a very pretty quarrel going on i about the Megaera, which has been lost on its way to Australia.' It Seems that our sapient Admiral Goschen has sent her to sea, although perfectly aware that she was not fit for a long voyage, and Mr. Reed, the late construc tor to the . navy, has taken the opportunity to expose the holO-ih-the-corner policy which the Admiralty pursued towards him when be was dismissed. It is a very awkward thing when a private individual is enabled to coine forward and tax the members of tee Govern ment wite telling crackers, and, moreover, can produce their own correspondence to carry but What lie says; The wonder is that offioers and men can be got to man these vessels, when the greatest authority of the day openly predicts that whoever sails in > them does so with his life in . his band. I fear that our War Office is nearly as great a muddle as the Admiralty. A Berkshire cam paign has been projected in September, during Urhioh 30,000 men will experience the severity of an fflngiinh autumn for about 10 days. One of the great objections to its being held at that time was advanoed by the War Offioe, on the score that it might very possibly rain, aud | that no English soldier of the present age oonld get wet without serious oonsequenoes. But I believe that this terrible risk wiil be run, and we maylofo tee flower of our army fromanii&utems.bittHiac; in a turnip lipid. Bnoharethehorrociofsrar! i However, thank goodness, a few days more will see allour blundefsat an end for a time, for I think that tim, country willVall the • better for having np Parliament sitting, and 1 perhaps we shall aU meet in A better temper next February. Indeed, the weather (s rather trying just now, fot(fcbe sntnmer has oome in write considerable vehemence to make up for lost lime, and I trust that now it js .fare it ite us until the harvast is over, or list Wfll be in abad iray. g,the wheat crops are a fair' f&ty;'iuuiMAccord ing to thfllwuhrHops, I regret to say, are'.«$» «*4. distficts.have teow. po that. I adulterated. We did hope teat amongst the '"■prbtttoef'bf things to be done, the sanitary Jtoj^bp^^ona proper i- rteat itb. but teat, tfowrae, wias^p^o^oal disousMd,and the cholera, WithW .i happens to be rather a large one, will hare the same attention given to it,'for there is already a rumour that fatal cholera has taken place there. Let us turn to a ple&Sahter; subject than oar shortcomings, and see what society has been doing during thelast month. The Queen has been heard of bat little since she opened St. Thomas's Hospital, and seen still less, and she jus now on her way to her beloved Highlands, where 1 presume Bhe will stop until the November's snow drives her back to London. Prince and Princess Christian are gone abroad, arid, I regret to say, with consider able anxiety respecting the health of the latter, who has been ailing for some time, and very far from strong. The Prince and Princess of Wales, together with " Pat,"as the Irish call Prince Arthur,, have been doing duty in Dublin, and were warmly re ceived, although the Nationalists and -Fenians did their best to' kick np a row. The only discourtesy that they received was at the hands of the students of Trinity College, by which act of disloyalty that time honoured old building is disgraced. The visit did not quite pass off without contretemps, j for, unfortunately, a collision took place between the police and the people at the occasion of an amnesty meeting in the "Phaynir" which had been forbidden. Although the police seem to have lost their temper and behaved rather wildly, I confess that I admire the spirit which prompted the i Executive to stop the meeting, after having \ prohibited it, at any cost, instead of meekly apologising, as Mr. Bruoe did, to our rebels in Trafalgar-square. Of course a great deal of capital is made out of it, and the interesting martyn who got their heads cut are making the most of it All our Royal visitors have now left us, and gone sightseeing into the provinces. The Emperor of Brazil takes the wind out of everybody's sails in this particular, for he gets up when the Londonseason goes to bed,and has done a day's work before breakfast Nothing escapes His Majesty, and whether it is a cemetery or a telegraph office, he is sure to pop in about 6 o'clock in the morning to see how it works. Prince Oscar of Sweden has been opening a sailors' church for Swedes and Norwegians at Rotherhithe, and the ceremony is described as most interesting, the bond of nationality and love for their chnrch being strong amongst the Scandinavians. For several months past we have lost but very few people of note by death, and this month forms no exception to the rale. Dean Mansel, the Dean of St Paul's, died suddenly last week from the rapture of a blood-vessel, and very few men mil be more mimed, for he was a keen and earnest lover of his church, an acute thinker, and a ripe scholar. Such, men are particularly valuable now- a-days, for it so often happens that the acute thinkers are addicted to very extreme views andcurious doc trines. The other deaths are Sir T. D. Acland, an old-fashioned, well-seasoned Devonshire baronet, whose singleness of purpose and con sistency in politics were a great contrast to the blatant patriotism of the present age. If we had a few dozen of such men in the prime of life, the country would be all the better for them. Mr. Keith Johnstone, who died a little before the British Association met at Edin burgh, was a representative man in the geo graphical world, and to him we are indebted not only for some of the best maps and atlases that we possess, bat to a greatly increased interest in that most charming of sciences. Everything that Keith Johnstone did he did well and carefully—and this was the secret of his success. Mr. Frank Matthews has been one of the pillars of the London stage for the last quarter of a century; and although he never rose to the very front rank, he had a reputation particularly I his own, and contributed largely by his excellent acting to the prosperity of many a theatre treasury. So much for deaths. The only marriage that I have to record is that of Alma Tadema, the French artist, who has espoused the daughter of Dr. John Epps, and quaintly advertises the fact in the Athenaeum. Following the example of society, our judges and lawyers have shut up their cham bers and gone abroad with the rest of the broad English stream that flows over the known world about this time. Some interest ing cases wCre decided before they went, as that of Edwin Pook, who was found innooent of the rcHhv1" murdea notwithstanding the police determination that he must be guilty, and that If he did not do it he ought to have done it. Mrs. Davey was oonvicted of Mr. Moon's death, and sentenced to penal servi tude for seven years, which some people thought an over severe punishment. But it was quiteclear that though she might not have meant to kill him, she deliberately attacked him in her passion. There have been an imyti—mi number of murder oases tried at the summer assizes all through tire country, and what is still more unusual, a very large number of verdicts of Insanity. It is, per haps, better that it should be so for the moral health of the oonntry, but does not speak well fan: Its mental health, which, if the tenth was known, Is de&ribratihff; ht a mdst alarming pahs. A cwiope case who decided the othjwr day by Lord Penzanoe,' in Milne v, Fowler, Mr. Fowler, the stipendiary magistrate at Manchester, ran off with Mrs. Milne, who had .a'WN^ aecuredto her of t^OOO a yfnr^jfod which* doubtless, Mr. Fowler thotightwonld bo as aoceptabieas Mrs, adlhe herself. > But Lord Penzanoe, in de hat also doomed that t^a So tbatiiEn Fj»teler$as & JOT £$0j»; _ r respondent, and doee not get the handling jof the monejr.Nobodyuansay that this is not , -v ■1 ■ nosdLenooleft far L^^^D^hM^jQed nocthwaids to Edinburgh, where the British , Association is ettting.Trath to teu, tt ir Redtie eomddeted - herself 'that pesferenoe was given wtifaar Mverpool, , and not to JtatftU;an^ to afar fans deter* mined to be sulky, and to take no notice whatever of the assemblage of the learned ones. Seriously speaking, this position < is utterly unworthy df the Modem Athena, And it will .be a long time 'ere the Association i foigets it. Sir William Thomson is president, i and discoursed learnedly on- vitality and matter, leaving ther matter very mndh where it was before., Oid the whole, I think that Miss Lydia Becher has had the best of the meeting, for she attracted by far the largest audience to her paper on " Women's Rights and Wrongs." Poor old Sir John Bo wring, who carries on a Platonic flirtation with Miss Becher, got up and corroborated all her state ments. Unfortunately, he got upon the watchmaking trade and rambled oat of his depth, whereupon a watchmaker named Jones attacked him and gave him a complete set-down. The archaeological people are gone to Cardiff, and are inspecting the old castles and early tumuli of Glamorganshire and South Wales. A more interesting district they could not explore, and the number of; lunches and dinners that the society disposed ; of was somethingappalling. The British Medi cal Association is now holding its meeting at; Plymouth, and although it is rather too hot i to discuss with pleasure the minutim of fever and cholera, a very interesting and probably valuable sitting is expected. One of the ques tions that are sure to be discussed is that of the Contagious Diseases Act as applied to towns, and it will probably be a lively discus sion, as Plymouth is the locality where inspec-; Hon under the act is most stringently carried on. Poor Mr. Bruce was besieged the other day by a mob of rabid anti-contagious ladies (?) and gentlemen, who all behaved very rudely and threatened him with dire pains and penalties unless the act was repealed. The best of the joke is that a commission has been sitting on the question, and that, instead of one report resulting from its inquiries, there are about 10 reports, as each commissioner differs from his neighbour. If no legislation takes place1 it will arise from the multitude of advisers, in whom there is no safety. Anyhow, we are promised during the autumn an abundant supply of dirty pamphlets on the subject, for which we must be thankful, as literature is somewhat slack this summer. Very slack I may say, for there never was so little doing in the present or the expectant, readers being shy and publishers cautions. And yet there is more than the usual average of good novels, contributed, too, by some of our leading writers. Henry Kingsley has brought out a very pretty story—OW Margaret —a tale of the time of John and Philip of Burgnndy, written in his usual graphic way. Mr. T. Trollope has produced Durnton Abbey, and Mr. F. Trollope A Marked Man— neither of them so good as we have aright to expect. The former book deals with seduc tion—a subject which never can be made very pretty, treat it as you will. Charles Reade's Terrible Temptation is exceedingly good and interesting, although it requires a really good story to get over his abominable habit of writing in inteijective sentence. But Mr. Reade has the faculty of inspiring his readers with interest, and he has not failed in this case. Hearth Ghosts, by the author of Gilbert Ragge, is a series of three stories, dealing with old fashioned characters of country life, and I can recommend the hook strongly. . Of other works there is a dearth just now. Mr.. Forbes, of the Daily News, has reproduced his ac count of the war—and a very well-written account it is ; but the subject has somewhat lost its freshness, and we were all tired of it long before the war finished. Mr. Browning has come out with a new poem, called " Balaustion's Adventure," which is highly spoken of by his admirers. Curiously enough, too, Mr. O'Neil, the R.A., has rushed into print; and, disgusted with the superficiality of the age, has elaborated a poem which he has called "The Age of Stucco," and in which he lashes out vigorously against everything and everybody that he thinks is a sham. Heaven knows that the subject is a fertile one, but I mean no bad compliment to Mr. O'Neil when I say that I would rather look at his paintings than ead his book. Percy's " Lead Metallurgy,' although a technical work, and not suited for the general reader, is a most valuabe contri bution to our knowledge on this subject, on which Dr. Percy is the greatest autho rity of the day. Literary gossip is as scanty. as new books are few. The "Knife and Fork" is the extraordinary title of a fiorifdi gastronomic newspaper, started by Mr. Blanchard Jerrold. It is a hazardous experiment on his part, for the ground is already fully occupied by the Food Journal, which has an established reputation, and people are Mow enough to Interest them seltos on these questions. Pro and Con is an intended periodical, for the purposes of providing an arena of debatefor anybody who chooses to oontradiet anybody else; the idea is rather good, and it appeals so to one's sense of pugnacity, that the editor will never be (at a loss for matter. But whether other people ; wity read the rhajfoerwheriprintedls ahother question. TheFuture isa weak newspaper, the strong point of which is that it is given awjay fOr the benefit of the advertisers. Thethipg hae t^h' Wed beforehand I doa'tfthlnkthat itii iumc^t tapr^hesywhat its future w|U ho The Traveller fr a new periodical, .brought out prindpAUyin the interests of some American - landowners, and edited ih London. There' is much pleasant xeAdibg in It1 Although the shape, ofthe magazine. linngailoly and. peon liar. , Mr.^Uorenoe *■» imputed the anthenhtp of The Coming Race, has dented thfe eoft ImpbAflifhhnt, so that are are still in: the dark-—but it will bot lbe for, long. for T notice that; either <bp Ohanoejor aoddeht; theee things always «Up. ;ont. Theo'niy exception wis the i^thojihjp jot. the letters of Jonliu, wMflh. hw dlattacteil tomanypeople»«Ad«rtUioontftiaetodistrAot thomw tipen, ink, andfivef Uto *>be 'ufctiiii swiMeilir wiipiiiftii nf soUagM e| a tetMfail ow wwwVWveva^ mm • we Jc. .1-1 .. racter are quite the rage. Newcastle has sat a noble example in her new college of practical science, which will be opened in October, and in the formation of which sleepy old Durham University (sleepy no longer) took the lead. York is kLsp going in for a similar establish ment^ and professorships of technical science are springing up everywhere. The Indian En gineering Oollege, too, was opened the other day by the Duke of Argyll, and is intended to train hp students for the Indian engineer ing service. At the end of their course they will receive appointmente at once, so that I expect the college will soon be ftiiL One of the most terrible complaints of the day, indeed, is the superfluity of young men of the middle classes who do not know what to do with themselves; Dig they cannot, to j beg they are ashamed, and the consequence is that we are bringing up an army of dangerous, though respectable, loafers, who | will eventually be a trouble to the state, as they are now to their friends. "What can; we do with them ? " is a very important ques-! tion for us, and one of great difficulty, for all; the professions are full to overflowing, and it: takes more than average ability to make one's 1 way. j If literature is not prolific this month; the! arts are still less so, and we are rapidly -approaching that season of extreme stag nation which is so hard to bear. Fortunately; it is not a long one, and it is but seldom that there is a complete cessation of music in Lon- j don. The opera came to an end last week,! and all the stars are flying away—some to! provincial festivals, others to recruit their jaded voices. M. Riviere, the conduc tor of that very exoellent band at the Alhambra, is going to give us a series of pro menade concerts at Covent Garden, and I| hope he won't ruin himself as poor Alfred: Mellon did. The great organ in the Albert hall has been the scene of a series of perform-, ances by Mr. Best and several continental players. It is a superb instrument, and under Mr. Best's skilful handling, and still more wonderful pedalling, speaks noble volumes of music. Your own new organ was tried finally the other day at Messrs. Hill's factory, previous to packing; and I can safely congratulate the inhabitants of Melbourne' on their acquisition, for it is one of the finest instruments that I have heard or played upon for a long time, and will, I am sure, be a lasting source of plea sure to thousands of musical Victorians. The theatres are closing fast, and by the end of next week we shall be reduced to about half a dozen—quite enough too, considering the heat. The Royal Academy is closed, and so are all the other exhibitions of paintings; Fortunately, however, the galleries of the International are still open, and one can enjoy for many a visit the lovely sculpture of Italy or the charming landscapes of Bavaria and Norway. In fact, this foreign portion is by far the most interesting of the whole dis play, and I cannot imagine how the {commis sioners will fill np the gap next year so as to eke out their jewellery and their cotton, which they propose to make their pi&ces; de resist ance. I am happy to say that the Metropolitan and the District Metropolitan Railways have made up their differences, so that tra vellers are not obliged to change at Kensington station, as was threatened. The amicable arrangement, however, did not prevent their running into each other the other day, break ing the heads of ever so many of their cus tomers. 