THE VIRGIN APPEARS IN N. S. AV.— COLONIAL MADONNA.— THE SAAHOUR STILL AN INFANT ! The following genuine letter has been ad dressed to the Archbishop by an old woman who is jiressing her claim to special saintly honors, and making interest for them. AA'e liave .'not altered the spelling. " To the Most Holy Father in God and Most Holy Apostolic Archbishoj) 'of Sydney ! I I May it please your Holy and Apostolie Rever ence — . I, tho undersigned, axiproch your Holyness after duly mortifying the llesh by fasting and prayer to let you know that I am emxiowcred by the Holy Virgin, Mother of God, Queen of . Heaven, and my xiatron Saints with second sight. , I pray five times a day, and as I xjray,:the souls of the dead, come in crowds to hear my supplication to the throne of God, in their behalf .to pass them through xmrgatary, to the bosom of Abraham, and high in the Heavens stands the .Angel Gabriel, assisting (by his xirescuce) the Tpeor souls in their mortification and Atonement preparatory to their Admitance into, the pre- i sence of the Almighty, they are attended by "another Angle who gives jua'uua and drink to .the women and childrisa. \ Last "May" twelve, mhs was the first , time the A'irgin Mary empiiwcred mo with. second sight. On the second day of Scxitember, between the hours of ten and eleven, I saw a . woman drest in white with a baby in long robes. .On the day after the Holy Ghost eame upon earth, I oxiencd the door of my house and found _ it full of Angle's and parrots, And likewise twelve men drest in black and looking sideways. ! And Holy Father, as the Mountain of La Sellett, in France, was made Holy by the "Pope" on account of the Argin Mary visiting the two children, I x>ray you to haye my house ; caled tho Alleleua Hermitage ! ! ! ! On account of the Holy visions and axqiraa- , tions that I am empowered to see. _ Dated this 28th day of Noveihber, / at Hargi-aves, N. S. her'. Signed, luly x Bon'as. . i . . , mark, . : : . True copy of a letter sent,. by. Mary Bbnasrto , the Archbishox) Polding bf.Sy'clney.', . > : : Rich Olh Men.— The gentlemen most noted : for wealth in New York are. becoming somewhat . conspicuous for .age. AAilliaih B. Astor is 78, . A. T. Steward 70, Vanderbilt' 78, Daniel Drew 71, Peter Cooper 81, George Law 73, AA'illiam Cullen Bryant 77, .andJames Gordon Bennett. 75. All, except the last, .are actively toiling in busi ness harness. 