?r^ ? /jluJB HOLY SEASON / ? r- 'v'Xi«-, MT. 1871- . TO BE OBSERVED IN THE DIOCESE OF MAITLAND. 1st. Whilst tne JLaw or tne .Lenten .East xemainB in full vigour, I grant in virtue of powers received from the Holy See to all who are obliged to fast or abstain permission to use fleBh meat at the principal meal on all Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, except Thursday in Holy weeK, ana on oaiuruayu, eAuepu uauuiuay iU Quarter Tense, 4th March, and Holy Saturday. On all other days the use of flesh meat is for bidden. On Sundays flesh meat may be used more. than once. '2nd. Eggs, cheese, and butter are not allowed on Ash-Wednesday, Wednesday in Holy Week, and Good Friday ; they can be used. on all other days, but only at the one principal meal, Tn place of butter, lard or dripping is permitted at dinner. . 3rd. On Pasting days a collation is allowed in the morning and evening, at which some milk may be used. 4th. Milk is forbidden on Ash-Wednesday, Wednesday and Friday in Holy Week. 5th. Fish and flesh meat cannot be used at the same meal on any day during Lent. 6th. Persons not twenty- one years of age, or broken down by old age, suffering from sickness or engaged in hard labour, &c.;, are exempted from fasting. 7th. Those persons who require a dispensation may apply to the clergymen of the district, who are hereby authorized to dispense if there be a just cause for doing so. 8th. The Clergy will be pleased to remind the faithful of the duty of making their annual con fession and receiving the Sacrament of the Most Blessed Eucharist within the Paschal time, which begins on the first Sunday of Lent and ends on Trinity Sunday inclusive. 9th. The Clergy will also exhort the faithful to avail themselves of the special graces offered in the Jubilee, which still continue, and will ex plain to them the pious works to be performed in order to gain the Indulgence. The conditions are :— 1st. To receive worthily the Sacraments of Penance and the Blessed Eucharist. 2nd. To give alms to the poor according to each person's means and devotion. 3rd. To fast on three days, namely— on Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, within the time appointed by the Pope. It is however to be observed that the fast of the ember days will not fulfil this condition for the Jubilee 4th. To visit the Church of the districts wice, and to pray therein for the conversion of those who are in error, and for the triumph of the Church. 5th. In remote districts where there is no Church or Chapel convenient, the Priest can commute this condition, as well as any other condition that cannot be fulfilled in individual cases. The Clergy are also empowered to dis pense in the holy communion with children and to commute it into some other pious work. 10th. The Holy Father is now a prisoner in Rome, and in the hands of his enemies, and it behoves the Faithful to offer their fervent prayers for his welfare and safety. The prayer for the Pope is to be continued in the Mass ; also the prayer of the Holy Ghost, as the Pope has only prorogued the Vatican Council. 8B JAMES MURK AY, Bishop of Maitlahd. 