"PEASANT POETS." The Rev. J. Davidson delivered a lecture on "Peasant Poets," in White's Boom, on Thurs-<*> day evening, March'23, in connection with the Young Hen's -Societies' Union. There was a fair attendance, and the Hon. "Wm. Milne (Chief Secretary) presided. TheCH&XKKAK;, in opening the proceedings, referred in terms of praise to the objects «f Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, and, as one interested in the welfare iof South Australia, «aid he was glad to know that many of *Ijnelr gating men "were'■ interested in these Societies. He mentioned that the public had been iadmitted free of charge to the lectures previously .given under the auspices of tha Union, bat the' expenses' hid made such con siderable' inroads upon the funds, that it had been deeded to charge-6d. admission, which whsja awn so amajl tha^hejiardly thought any woWd «tay-'aVay Tn rpori?equenoe of it. He then introduced The Rev. Mr. T?AyrnsON, who delivered an excellent lecture; It was his object, he stated, to demonstrate that lofty intellect, broad eym p ithy, end pure expression were not limited to thossJwho enjoyed all the advantages of a liberal education ; that thbso to whom God had given -the -soul of the seer were not restrained by mere circumstances or accident, bat some how found a way to let the world know of what stuff they were made. He "was doubtful about " mute inglorious Miltons" and " village Hampdans." There might be some; tint, for the most part, those who had the true faculty found or. made the roooasion for its expression. As he understood it, a poet was one who, whether he be a. peasant or do, bad the faculty of apprehending truth, -and living clear expression to it from his own point of view. By truth, in this connection, he understood whatever was capable of faithful representation—in reepeot of- existence - and relations of likeness or difference. Stub, poets were-sometime* men of thet/highest .cultiva tion ; .bat sometimes they appeared in the guise x>f those who had been necessarily independent of all external culture, and who had been bom poets and educated iy nature and grace, and who, had forad the impulH to.be irrepressible, and-who literally could not halp making the world richer by their lives.. It was with these men he had to do—not those who had cultivated the art and made it «o pert eot that you. could scarcely discern its artfulness ; but those who, blessed with the aye of the seer and the tongue of fire, had been somehow compelled to tell the world how things appeared to them, and 'what they thought of truth, and beauty. - and love. They were . the unsophisticated teachers of the generations. They called no man master, and while they 'were content .to borrow suggestions about rhyme or rhythm, they were careful always to describe everything as it really appeared to them.| The cultivated poets also gave expression to what was within them, but not with the same ingenuousness. --They gathered and compared the impressions of many minds, and with on accumulated experience they gave expression by their art to their educated sentiment. - The peasant poets of their own land had won laurels in many fields.' Ifife, war, the chase, fairy land, fatherland, the field, and the fireside had all contributed to the inspiration of their poets. Some they knew, but some were name? less. All over England and Scotland there floated a ballad literature unwritten until a comparatively short period, ago-^-it was also comparatively unknown ; and yet this ballad literature, in all- probability composed by peasants, contained some!of the most terse, ■robust, ??d vigorous verses they possessed. Amongst those properly belonging to the peasantry who had written and published ih*ir own works, perhaps _ themost notioe able were Bloomneld, Tannanill, Burns, Motherwell, Allan ' Cunningham, William Xaidlaw, Alex.' Wilson, John .Glare, and Jas. Hogg. . Tha rev. gentleman Bucainetly' sketched .the lives of .mast ~of r th§Be, omitting Burns, by the way, for which he apologised by stating that lie should he treated alone, although he admitted that speaking of peasant poets without reference to Mm was like playing " Hamlet" without the ghost.. He ably indi cated the peculiiur exoellenoies* and character istics of the writings of the poets made the sub ject of remark. Tne lecture was illustrated by numerous admiiable«elections, wbiob, with the Hey. Mr. Davidson's own observations, were listened Co with dote attention, - J.'ElOE?l?proposed ?rote of thanks to the rev. gentleman.? He expieased regret that the attendance was not larger, and suggested that in future every effort should be used to secure tire presence of a greater number at the lectures. -.;■■•■ ~~ ■ ■ ■■■•.• The Rev. J. Jepfeeis eeoonded the proposl tit>n,.whiett.w?*.c«^ried^)j,acdam«tion. A' similar compliment £b the Ohairman brought the'proceedings to & termination. 