THE WEEK'S NEWS. MULGUNDAWAR JETTY.—It is the Strathalbjrn paper, in a stinging paragraph referring to this new structure, that on account of the way in which it has been built and the : state of the approach the jetty has has not been once used during the season. Grain has either been carted to Milang or shipped from the beach as before. NORTHERN MINING.—Copper was not long ago found on the property of Mr. Mildren, Hoyle's Plains, and as the result of recent meetings at Watervale it has been decided to launch the affair under the name of the Peruka Mining Venture. BONDED CERTIFICATES.—The deputation from the Chairman of Commerce to represent the views of mercantile men on this subject will not wait on the Treasurer till Monday. DEATH AT INGLEWOOD.—The police have received information that Mr. Joseph Cox, of Inglewood, died at 8.30 a.m. on Friday from injuries inflicted by some person or persons unknown. Instructions were telegraphed to Gumeracha for the trooper there to investigate the case. RIVER STEAMERS REFITTING.—At Goolwa Messrs. Johnston & Murphy are exceedingly busy, having more than 20 hands employed in refitting the Maranoa, Wentworth, and Albury steamers, also several barges. It is hoped that the coming season may be as good as they anticipate. MOONTA MINING.—There have been enquiries for Moonta shares (reports our local correspon- dent), the last balance-sheet having created a good impression, but they are not obtainable at quotations. Hamleys have been sold at £6 15s. It is said that at the North Yelta more men are likely to be employed. The excitement that recently took place in shares in that Company appears to have died out; but local holders decline to sell under last quoted rates. VEHICLE ACCIDENT.—The Kapunda Herald tells that Mr. William Tuckfield met with rather a serious accident on Thursday by being thrown off a cart in coming through the mine property. The fall was so severe that Mr. Tuckfield was taken up insensible, and remained so for over an hour, fears being entertained that he had sustained concussion of the brain; but on enquiry next morning it was learnt that the principal injury is to one leg, which is severely bruised, besides which it is feared that some small bones are broken. THE BALHANNAH MINE.—Some fresh speci- mens of bismuth ore of great richness have been received from the Balhannah, having been obtained at a level just reached. We believe a large party of gentlemen from Adelaide will visit the mine to-day to witness the starting of the smelting works. COMPLIMENTARY.—We hear that a movement is on foot amongst winegrowers in Adelaide to invite Dr. Kelly to a complimentary dinner prior to his departure for England, which it is understood will take place in a few days. JOHN WESLEY.—On Friday evening, May 5, the Rev. T. James lectured in the hall attached to Pirie-street Chapel on the life of John Wesley. Mr. James Scott presided. There was a large audience, and the interesting details of Wesley's career, interspersed with anecdotes illustrative of his unassuming piety, great perseverance, and peculiar talents for finding hymn themes, were listened to with much attention. At the close a collection was made in aid of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, and votes of thanks to the Chairman and lecturer closed the proceedings. ANNUAL SOIREE.—On the opening night May 3—of the annual conversazione in the Auburn Town Hall of the Mutual Improvement Society there was a large attendance. Mr. W. H. Adamson, the President, who had written the prize prologue, read it. The Rev. J. Davidson, who presided, alluded to the inde- fatigable exertions of that Association, adding that, as a resident of Clare, he hoped his town would ere long vie with Auburn in such gatherings. Several speeches followed, and similar proceedings were continued on Thursday evening, when there was a crowded audience. The display of paintings, curiosities, and other exhibits was larger even than before, and the large room lit with gas, while an amateur string band contributed music. THE EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE.—The United Communion Service in connection with the Evangelical Alliance will he held in the Presby- terian Church, Flinders- street, on Wednesday evening next, May 10 (not May 11, as erroneously printed in a former notice). CONGREGATIONAL.—The Rev. J. C. McMichael purposes leaving Melbourne with his family per the Aldinga, and on arrival will enter upon his duties at Gawler Congregational Church. CORPORATION OF UNLEY.—A meeting will be held at the Cremorne Hotel this evening to further the object of those who desire the for- mation of a Corporation at Unley. KICKED IN THE FACE.—As a caution to those who are not careful to keep out of the reach of' a horse's heels, the result of an accident which happened last week should be remembered (remarks the Northern Argus). On Thursday, shortly before dusk, William McFarlane, about 11 years of age, who lives with his parents at Luton, was driving a horse belonging to Mr. Prater to the Clare Pound. When a short dis- tance from home, to make the horse go faster, he struck it with a stick, upon which the animal kicked at the lad, one hind foot striking him on the face, inflicting such injury as to render the appearance most shocking. The fore part of the hoof (which was shod) struck the lad on the mouth, driving the front teeth from the gums of both upper and lower jaws; the blow also caused a fracture in the front of the lower jaw. The back part of the shoe struck him heavily en each side of the forehead, throwing him forcibly down, his head receiving serious injury from its concussion with the ground, which was very hard at that particular spot, and his system being seriously shaken. Mrs. Wilson picked up the little fellow and carried him home, where he lies in a precarious condition. Dr. Forster states that if the sufferer had not been so close to the horse when he was kicked, the force of the blow and the fall together would have instantly killed him. NORTH ADELAIDE YOUNG MEN'S CRICKET CLUB.—The annual dinner of this Club, to celebrate the close of the season, was held at Beach's on Friday evening, May 5. Mr. C. Balk, J.P., Vice-President of the Club, occupied the chair, and Mr. J. W. Colton, Captain, filled the vice-chair. There was a fair attendance of members. At the conclusion of an excellent repast a variety of toasts congenial to the occa- sion were given and responded to. The Chair- man, in proposing success to the Club, stated that the number of members had increased from 34 to 43, and that although they had not been so successful as on previous seasons, yet there was not much in the results at which to feel despondent. He urged unanimity on the part of members, and great care as to whom they admitted into the Club;" and said he should offer a prize for the most regular attendant at practice, as he regarded this feature in a cricketing education as a great essential. (Cheers.) Mr. W. G. P. Joyner returned thanks in an able speech. Mr. J. F. Conigrave gave, in eulogistic terms, "The Presi- dent and other Officers of the Club," and in the course of his speech expressed the hope that the Club would do all they could to facilitate the movement in favour of an intercolonial match. The various officers responded. The Vice- Chairman proposed, in eloquent periods, "The Highest Average Scorers," who were Mr. O. A. Mullen (first eleven) and Mr. H. Witherick (second eleven). The Chairman then presented, according to promise, his two prizes—to Mr. Mullen he gave a silver cup, and to Mr. Witherick a set of studs. The recipients suitably acknowledged the gifts. The Vice- Chairman gave "The Health of Mr. A. Scott," and made special allusion to his skill as a bowler. It was stated that Mr. Scott had bowled in 10 innings; that he had delivered 765 balls, 35 of which were maidens; that he had only made one wide; that he had obtained 39 wickets, while only 211 runs were secured for the 765 balls. Mr. Millard, the next bowler, had bowled 566 balls in eight innings, obtained 33 wickets, scored 15 maidens, made 4 wides, and 222 runs were secured from the 566 balls. Mr. A. Scott returned thanks for the cordial way in which his health had been drunk, and hoped, by increased attention to their duties, their next season would be more suc- cessful. Several songs and recitations were given in the course of the evening, and an agreeable gathering was brought to a close by the usual concluding toasts. NEW PATENTS.—At Mr. Bulk's shop, in Rundle- street, may be seen a Wheeler & Wilson's sewing-machine, driven by a particular form of turbine wheel, the invention of Mr. Corstorphan (the Melbourne Manager of Waterworks), and who has patented it as the water-power sewing machine operator, as we stated a week or two ago. The affair is an ingenious modification of the ordinary waterwheel. A box, about 18 inches in diameter, encloses a wheel, having flanges on its face, whereon water from a hose is turned, causing it to revolve with power sufficient to drive six machines, con- nected by means of a gutta-percha band. An expenditure of about 3,000 gallons per day of 10 hours suffices to work that number, and the in- vention may be adapted to turning- lathes, and, in fact, anything constructed on a similar prin- ciple, and limited to one-horse motive-power. Mr. Buik has been appointed agent, and will probably find an increasing demand for an article promising so great a reduction of labour in the working of machines, UNWHOLESOME MEAT.—The Committee ap- pointed by the City Council to make enquiries respecting the alleged poisoned mutton sold in Adelaide finished the taking of evidence on Wednesday, and meet again on Monday next to draw up a report. TELEGRAPHIC RATES TO PORT ADELAIDE.— At a Cabinet meeting held on Wednesday, May 3, it was decided that the rates for telegraphic messages to Port Adelaide should be reduced to 6d. for ten words, as was the case up to the adoption of the uniform tariff in July last. This decision has been arrived at in compliance with the request of the Chamber of Commerce, and is intended to apply to the Port line only, and not to other short distances. THE LATE DR. ROBINSON.—Anxious that the police at Mount Pleasant should be shielded from the slightest blame in connection with the circum- stances attending the death already recorded of Dr. Robinson through any misapprehension of the facts, a reliable resident favours us with the following additional information:—On Wed- nesday evening deceased was lodged in the Station all night for being drunk, and, next morning he was brought before Mr. H. Hodgson, J.P., and fined. The same evening he was put in again, and early on Friday morning Corporal Birrell visited the cell, and at once observed that he was ill, and went immediately for Dr. John Gosse, but when he returned the poor fellow had breathed his last. The same day at 4 p.m. the inquest was held by Mr. H. Hodgson, J.P., and adjourned until 7.30 p.m., so that Dr. Gosse might make a post-mortem ex- amination. He then gave evidence that deceased had died from a fit of apoplexy. On Sunday, April 30, at 12 a.m., the funeral left the Station, and deceased was buried in the Cemetery, the Rev. W. A. Clayfield officiating at the grave. THE HARBOUR-MASTER.—During portion of this deserving old servant's career he received the appointment of master of the steam-tug, in which capacity it frequently was necessary to tow ships into and out of harbour by night as well as by day. Being perched on the bridge at the wheel, peering into the darkness for the beacons, his eyes suffered from the strain upon them, and lately one became seriously impaired, the primary cause being, attributed by pro- fessional men to this circumstance. After con- sultation, it was resolved to perform an opera- tion, which was cleverly accomplished by Dr. Gosse, assisted by Dr. Whittell, on the 19th April, and it is pleasing to note that the result has been the almost complete restoration of vision. ENTERTAINMENT.—The second of a series of monthly entertainments in aid of the Mission Church Fund, Alberton, took place on Tuesday evening, May 2, at St. George's Schoolroom. The Rev. S. Green gave humorous readings, and Mr. Braddock some good recitations. Mrs. W. S. Jones and Mr. Cammell with other amateurs assisted by singing several songs, which were well received.. There was a large Attendance. SOIREE.—The Adelaide Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Association held their annual soiree at the Lecture Hall on Friday, April 28, when there was a very large audience. The room was neatly decorated with evergreens, and during the interval fruit was handed round. The Pirie-street Choir gave some excellent selections, and their rendering of "Oberon in Fairy Land" was encored. The President (Rev. T. James) occupied the chair, and, after apolo- gizing for the unavoidable absence of Mr. Lewis and the Rev. A. Scales, spoke of the elevating influences exercised upon the intellect by means of Improvement Associations, and alluded to the aid offered by the Press in the spread of religion and knowledge. The character of the present age was far from degenerating, and the late disastrous war had brought out an evidence of that fact. He dwelt upon the amount of benevolent feeling the great struggle in Europe had brought forth. Benevo- lence of a most impartial character was exemplified in all its beauty by numerous examples of disinterested charity, showing how a truer and better inlying life could be brought to light as some compensation for such disas- trous circumstances. He gave some touching instances of cases where persons had come forward to assist the sufferers by the war in a simple unostentatious manner, that bore the true stamp of nobility of character. In con- clusion, he gave some good practical advice to those who had the improvement of their minds in view, and quoted the words of Sir Walter Scott—"Sinful hearts make feeble hands"—while urging them to go heart and soul into their work. The Rev. J. Allen spoke of the thirst for knowledge and the benefits of education, giving numerous examples, ancient and modern, of the zeal displayed in the pursuit of knowledge by those who loved it for its own sake. He advised young men to study politics as a means of contributing t0 the future welfare of the land they lived in, and recommended them to take the best examples in the formation of their own character. The Rev. T. Raston also gave an address, and was followed by the Rev. A. J. Bogle, who made an amusing and inte- resting speech, full of humorous anecdotes, and practical advice with regard to reading, recom- mending it, not for its own sake, but for the acquirement of knowledge. People who read merely for the pleasure of it soon lost all taste for solid learning, and only read mechanically. There should always be an object in view, and that object "the glory of God." Flowers bloomed for the glory of God; men put forth the richest stores of their intellect for the glory of God; and reading should also tend to the same object. During the evening a selection from Dickens was well read by Mr. Crooks. Mr. A. W. Dowie recited "Horatius" in a clear forcible style, picturing the gallant Roman's patriotism in a manner that called forth well merited applause. A recitation, ably delivered by Mr. Bee, and "Calm be thy Slumbers" by the choir (who received an imperative encore) closed a very attractive programme. A collec- tion was made towards the Association Fund. THE LATE MR. EDWIN YOUNGHUSBAND.—Our obituary to-day contains a notice of the death of Mr. Edwin Younghusband, whom many old colonists will remember as having been a brother of the late Hon. William Younghusband, formerly Chief Secretary of South Australia. The event is thus referred to in the Andover Advertiser of February 17:—"It is with much pain that we announce the sudden death of our estimable fellow-townsman, Mr. Edwin Young- husband, clerk of the Marland Manufacturing Company, which occurred on Wednesday morn- ing very unexpectedly. The deceased gentle- man was so very generally esteemed and beloved that quite a gloom has been cast over our com- munity by this very sad event." AMATEUR ENTERTAINMENT AT THE PORT.—On Thursday evening, May 4, a number of ladies and gentlemen contributed towards a literary and musical entertainment in the Port Adelaide Town Hall in aid of the local Institute funds. The affair was on the whole one of the most successful amateur gatherings that have taken place in the Port. The body of the hall was closely packed, many being unable to find seats, whilst the gallery had. but few places unoccupied, so that the financial results were particularly gratifying. The Mayor (Mr. J. Formby) pre- sided, and expressed gratification at seeing so large an attendance notwithstanding the numerous attractions that had been recently provided. The Secretary (Mr. W. L. Bailey), read a statement showing the progress of the Institute, after which the programme was com- menced by Miss Kennedy and Mr. J. W. Whewall performing the "Canary Bird Quadrilles" with much taste. Miss Thomas followed with the song of "The Heather Bells," which was sweetly sung and heartily applauded. Mr. T. McDonald then read "John Maynard, the Hero," and was fol- lowed by Mr. G. B. Selth with a comic song in character, "I Never go East of Temple Bar," in which he was warmly received. Some scenes from "The Wife" came next, the characters being well sustained by Messrs. T. Smith, jun., DeLissa, and Clarke. Miss Thomas and Mr. Thompson then sang the duet "I've Wandered in Dreams." Mr. R. Braddock gave as a recitation "Ask Mamma" with capital effect, and after a pianoforte solo by Miss Phillips, Miss Thomas sang "I'm a Merry Zingara," and was well received. Mr. G. Watson recited "Marguerite of France," earning well- merited plaudits, and Mr. W. B. Webb sang "The March of the Men of Harleck," followed by Mr. B. Whinham's recitation, "The Armada," which was much admired. The first part closed with another comic son by Mr. Selth, "Fifty Years Ago," creating much amusement. After a short interval Miss Kennedy and Mr. Reynolds per- formed " The Royal Alfred Quadrilles" on the piano, and Mrs. Thompson sang "Good-by, Sweetheart;" this being succeeded by a clever and amusing farce, "Keep your Temper," per- formed by some members of Christchurch Literary Association. The characters were spiritedly sustained, and the piece went off without the slightest hitch. The audience were highly amused throughout. The whole wound up with the National Anthem at about 11 o'clock. The statement read by the Secretary stated that the 14 years' existence of the Institute had been apathetic, remarking that at the last annual meeting there were only 33 members, but owing to alterations in the subscription and hours the members had increased to 140. The revenue from all sources had, however, not proportionately increased, and owing to greater expenditure the balance for the purchase of hooks and periodicals was diminished. This rendered an appeal for increased help neces- sary. Lectures, chess, draughts, and other attractions were then mentioned as likely to be introduced. WHEAT FOR FRANCE.—The following reply to the deputation which waited on the Government to request that wheat intended for sufferers by the war in France should be carried free along the Northern Railways was received on Thurs- day, May 4:—"I am directed by the Chief Secretary to inform you, in further reply to the deputation on the subject of free carriage per railway for wheat in aid of French Relief Fund, that the Government, in view of the difficulties likely to arise should the wishes of the deputa- tion in this respect be complied with, feel reluc- tantly compelled to decline acceding to their request.—I have, &c.;, J. BOOTHBY, Under- Secretary. Messrs. Fox, Marval, and others, Adelaide." FRENCH RELIEF FUND.—We are informed that Captain J. D. Le Conteur, of the Cœur de Lion, has informed Mr. Marval, one of the Hon. Secretaries of the Central Committee, that he will be happy to convey to London free of charge whatever wheat may be contributed in aid of the French Relief' Fund. HOBSEY ADVENTURE.—On Tuesday two men of doubtful appearance, who had been lodging at the Aberdeen Hotel a day or two, stated that they had come from the Darling, and that one of them, who said his name was James Barry, sold his horse at Mount Bryan, and wanted to buy one off the landlord. Mr. Bull then offered to sell a nag that was in the stable for £12. Barry wished for a trial of three miles, but Mr. Bull objected to more than 100 yards, to which Barry agreed. He mounted, and pro- ceeded leisurely for a few yards, and then said, "I'm off," or something to that effect, and put the animal at the top of his speed. Mr. Bull got on another horse, and went in pursuit. He found Barry and the animal he wanted hidden in a creek amongst the hills some distance east of the Burra, and immediately demanded his property. The runaway refused to part with it, and threatened to shoot Mr. Bull if he touched the bridle, at the same time putting his hand in his pocket apparently for a revolver, which the host had reason to think the stranger carried. Barry also said, "That is my horse now," and threatened the Boniface unless he immediately went away. The Darling man being a tall athletic fellow, and no assistance near, Mr. Bull had to desist, and went for police assistance. Lance-corporal Smith lost no time in following in hot pursuit. After remaining out all night and next day he returned unsuccessful. In the evening, after the horse had been taken, the mate of the absent man assured the landlord that had the latter attempted to touch Barry he would have shot him instantly; and further stated his contempt for the South Australian police, saying they had no chance of taking Darling men such as he and Barry were. This fellow quietly left on the following morning, when there is little doubt he would regain Barry at some rendezvous. Much anxiety was felt for Lance-corporal Smith during the day, as the mates would have been more than a match for a single trooper, even when armed with all the authority of the law and revolvers ad infinitum. A telegram received on Thursday informs us that the Aberdeen horse walked into its stable that afternoon, but how it got free is not known. THE LATE MR. WATERHOUSE.—A telegraphic message, received by us on Thursday, announced that Mr. Arthur Lambert Waterhouse, the solicitor, died that afternoon. The deceased was for some time in the office of Messrs. Stow and Bruce, and after being admitted to the Bar practised in Adelaide, but this was only for a limited period. He has subsequently lived at Narracoorte, and carried on the duties of his profession there and at the Narracoorte and other Courts in the South-Eastern District. POSTAL COMMUNICATION.—On Wednesday morning Messrs. Bright, M.P., Cavenagh, M.P., and R. Paterson waited on the Postmaster- General, requesting him to make more con- venient arrangements for postal communication with the agricultural area of Broughton, either by way of Rochester from Clare or from Salt Lake. They pointed out that a bi-weekly mail went at present from Port Augusta and Clare, arriving at Rochester on a Monday, so that the settlers in the area could not get the previous week's papers until Wednesday. To do this now they had to send a distance of 17 miles, and that twice a week if they wished to reply to their letters by the return mail. Mr. Todd said there were no funds for a bi-weekly mail; but promised to ascertain what would be the cost of a mail from Rochester once a week, although he feared the matter would have to stand over till next year for want of available means. VORACIOUS LOCUSTS.—As a remarkable proof of the feeding capabilities of the common locusts it may be mentioned that a short time ago a fine early crop at Mount Pleasant, which owing to the heavy rains had grown to a height of several inches, and well covered the ground, was in the course of two days closely eaten off by these marauders, and the land left as bare as when first sown. FIRE NEAR CHINKFORD.—On Sunday, while Mr. McEwen and his wife were at chapel, some of the children were playing with matches, and one of them set fire to a heap of straw adjoining the house, which had a thatched roof. When the smoke was first seen several neighbours rushed to the place, but without avail, as the dwelling by that time was in fames, and beds, bedding, some money, the furniture, and a ton of flour bad been consumed. Great sympathy is felt in the district for Mr. McEwen, who is an old and highly-respected resident. A subscrip- tion-list has been opened to somewhat recoup him for the serious loss sustained. ASTRONOMICAL. — The planets Venus and Jupiter are now conspicuous objects in the western heavens for about two hours after sunset. They are rapidly approaching each other as seen from the earth, and will be in conjunction in R.A. May 12, at 8h. 15m. p.m. At that time their angular distance from each other will be 1° 58', or about four times the apparent diameter of the full moon. ULOOLO.—Some beautiful pieces of rough heavy gold have been obtained at these dig- gings by Mutton's party, and some others are doing well. It is mentioned, as a sign of pro- gress and confidence, that a store is being erected in what was a short time since a com- paratively unknown country. PASTORAL.—In the Western Districts the sheepfarmers are beginning to send some flocks into the back country, and others are being travelled overland via Franklin Harbour. BENEVOLENT AND STRANGERS' FRIEND SO- CIETY.—The Committee held their monthly meeting at the Church Office on Wednesday, May 3; Mr. Thos. Neill in the chair. The Treasurer's minute showed that subscriptions had been received sufficient to repay the balance due to him, meet orders to the extent of £2 17s. 6d., and leave a balance in hand of £4 13s. 9d. Several cases of distress were brought forward, and £3 10s. was voted to relieve four of them. Each member was empowered to draw during the month to the extent of 10s. in cases of emergency. TROTTING MATCH.—On Monday last a match for £20 a side took place on the North- road beyond Gawler, between Mr. Pritchard's chesnut Cadger and Mr. Bradley's brown gelding Tommy. The distance was three miles, the Starter Mr. John James, the Judge Mr. J. H. Howe. Tommy was the favourite, but after a fairly- contested race Cadger came in the winner by about 20 yards. Tommy belonged to the late Dr. Bayer, who is reported to have given 50 guineas for him. THE STEEPLECHASER MONK.—The Austral- asian remarks:—" Last Monday Mr. Goyder endeavoured to dispose of by public auction the Adelaide steeplechase horse The Monk, winner of the two Ballarat steeplechases this season; but, although he waxed eloquent over his performances, people could not see it, and he was bought in at just one-fourth of his owner's reserve. We observe that Launcelot, who run two such game seconds at the late Ballarat steeplechase meeting, is in the market for private sale. Surely such a game animal should not be long in finding a purchaser." REPRESENTATION OF LIGHT.—Messrs. N. Blyth, J. Colton, and J. Cole are mentioned by the Kapunda Herald as among those likely to be asked to fill the present vacancy. A BUSH WEDDING.—A New South Wales paper (the Upper Hunter Courier) tells that a youthful couple passed through Musselbrook, and their appearance was so "colonial" as to excite some comment. They had evidently been made one that morning. The youth appeared to be about 17, and the maiden 16. He carried, strapped in front of him, his swag and the fair damsel's apparel, her hat. with the bridal veil being held rather ostenta- tiously in his hand; she had the mysterious bundle, so dear to ladies, strapped to her saddle, and they were both evidently bound for the honeymoon, and doubtless will return ere long—he to gullyraking or shepherding, she to prepare damper and tea for her youthful lord and master. A NEW EXPORT.—A new and rather curious channel for native industry has been opened by a Chinese tradesman in Wellington. He advertises in the local papers that he has accepted a contract from an Australian firm to supply 30,000 sacks of fungus for shipment to China, and he offers to give local gatherers six shillings per sack. He does not say to what purpose, edible or otherwise, this curious shipment is to be applied.—Nelson Examiner, April 4. ALTERATION.—In consequence of the Lubra having to go on the slip, the Kangaroo must take her place, and will therefore sail on Tuesday. SERIOUS OCCURRENCE AT KAPUNDA.—We lately reported a serious occurrence, when Mr. Wm. Rehder, of Tothills, sustained great bodily injuries, and now learn from the local Herald that, although Mr. Rehder has to some extent recovered from the physical effects, his mental faculties are still much deranged. VEGETABLE MONSTROSITY.—The growth on a hillside at Clare of a pie melon weighing 56 lbs. is duly chronicled. TRANSFER FROM ONE ELECTORAL DISTRICT TO ANOTHER.—A question having arisen as to whether an elector changing his residence from one district to another could immediately trans- fer his vote to his new district. Mr. R. B. Colley, Returning Officer for West Torrens, forwarded the following letter to the Attorney- General on the subject:—"Under the Electoral Act of No. 18, 1869-70, I do not see any pro- vision for the transfer of any elector for the House of Assembly from the electoral roll in any district to any other roll in any other district. Clause 46 only empowers the transfer from any electoral roll in any division, which is in fact the roll for Legislative Council, to any other roll in any other division. The eighth schedule is in accordance with said clause. The rolls for districts and divisions are quite distinct, the former representing the House of Assembly, and the latter the Legislative Council." To this the Attorney-General has, under date April 28, returned the following reply:—"In reply to your letter of the 25th inst., referring to certain clauses in the Electoral Act, I have the honour to inform you that it will be found by reference to the proviso to Clause 14 and Clauses 48 and 51, that it was not the intention of the Legislature to allow transfers from one electoral district to another. The provisions in Clauses 25 and 26, taken in connection with the sections already mentioned, render the meaning of the Act perfectly evident—viz., that an elector changing his abode from one district to another may claim to vote for his new district, but shall not be entitled to do so for six months, during which time he will be entitled to vote for his old district." EXTENSION OF FARMING.—It is noted as a proof of the extra farming going on this season that a Clare implement-maker has lately turned out nearly four times the number of ploughs, scarifiers, &c.;, that have been required of him in any previous year. ON DIAMONDS.—As attention is every now and again being directed to the presence of precious stones in various parts of the province, and lately specimens of topaz found in the Far North have been mistaken for diamonds, the annexed, taken from a late number of Chamber's Journal, will possess interest:—"Composition of the Diamond.—Diamonds may be described as the final product of the chemical decom position of vegetable substances. Impressions of grains of sand and crystals have been observed on the surface of some specimens, and even germinating fungi. A specimen in Mr. Buskin's collection shows the association of diamonds with gold found in the bed of a river in Brazil. It is a conglomerated mass of quartz pebbles, with crystals of diamond and grams of gold, the whole cemented with oxide of iron. It is curious that the primary crystal of gold is like the diamond, an octahedron. M. Rossi, of Toulon, produced diamonds by placing certain quantities of water, phosphorus, and bisulphide of carbon in a vessel which he left undisturbed for several months, and crystals of carbon were produced of minute size. The diamond is the only gem which after long exposure to the sun's rays becomes phosphorescent in the dark. The diamond, garnet, and spinel are distinguished by their power of single refraction. Others give a double image of anything seen through them —that is, possess a double refracting power, like the well- known Iceland spar. An artificial precious stone loses its lustre if immersed in water, and will feel warmer when touched by the tongue than a real gem. The latter ordeal is a common method of distinguishing precious stones. The white sapphire and topaz are often mistaken for the diamond; but if the stone be the former, it can he scratched by a splinter of ruby; if the latter, difference in. hardness, fracture, and optical qualities will betray it. It is a curious fact that diamonds can be burned into a little carbonic acid gas. Averami, in 1694, did this with the burning-glass of the Grand Duke of Tuscany. Lavoisier experimented on the combustion of the diamond in 1773; but Sir Humphry Davy settled the question. He introduced a stone into a glass globe supplied with oxygen, and kindled it with the solar rays. It burned bril- liantly with a scarlet light; and carbonic acid gas, without any sign of the formation of water, was the result of the experiment." PROVINCIAL GAS COMPANY.—We understand that the Directors of the Provincial Gas Com- pany have purchased land at the south-east corner of Thebarton, abutting on the Park Lands. VICTOR HARBOUR AS A MAIL STATION.—On April 29, Mr. Kendall and Captain Farquhar left Adelaide for the South, for the pur- pose of inspecting Port Victor, to ascertain its suitability for landing and embarking the South Australian mails. They reached Strathalbyn in the afternoon, and during the night proceeded by special truck to Port Victor, arriving at 3 o'clock a.m. on the 30th. At 8 o'clock they set out with Mr. B. B. Williams, the Harbour-Master, and spent two hours in the inspection of the port. Soundings taken at the outer moor- ings showed the depth of water to be five fathoms, whilst a ship's length further out, in a north-easterly direction, it was ascertained to be seven fathoms. At the time of the exami- nation it was nearly low water. The harbour was afterwards viewed from Granite Island, where a good view of the whole was obtained, and the visitors left for Strathalbyn at half-past 10 o'clock. We believe that Mr. Kendall and Captain Farquhar, the P. & O. Company's agents, are prepared to recommend Glenelg as a port of call for the ocean steamers to and from Europe, provided the South Australian Government pay the cost of the extra mileage involved in the change of route. We have already urged the adoption of this course, and are satisfied that such an arrangement would meet with the approval of Parliament. MEETING OF COACHMAKERS.—An adjourned meeting of coachmakers was held at the Crown and Anchor Inn, Grenfell-street, on Saturday evening, April 29, to consider the reply of the employers in reference to the Saturday half- holiday. Between 70 and 80 members of the trade were present, and Mr. W. Litchfield pre- sided. The Chairman said that a meeting of the trade had been first called on the previous Saturday to discuss the means by which they might be enabled to leave off working earlier than usual on Saturdays. A Committee was appointed to draw up an address to the employers, embodying the views of the trade, and a deputation waited upon the masters. The reply they received showed they had finished their business very satisfactorily. Having obtained this concession, he hoped that before long a Coachbuilders' Association would be formed. Mr. Heath, one of the deputation, said they first waited upon the Messrs. Barlow & Sons, who, in answer to them, drew up a paper agreeing to the request on the following conditions:—"That the em- ployés should commence work from September l to May 1 at 6 a.m., and leave at 6 p.m., the time for meals being as usual, excepting for two days in each week, when only half an hour would be allowed for breakfast, and to leave work at 1 p.m. on Saturdays. From May 1 to September 1 to commence work at 6.30 a.m., and leave at 5.30 p.m., with only half an hour for breakfast, and to leave on Saturdays at 2 p.m." This paper was signed by the Messrs. Barlow, and then taken round to Messrs. Cottrell, Crimp, Maraun (who some two years ago had allowed his men to leave off at 1 p.m. on Saturdays, but discontinued it on finding that the other coachbuilders did not do so), Duncan and Fraser, G. T. Taylor, and Haynes,. who all signed it. Mr. Caple bad consented to allow his men the boon when work permitted, but Mr. Morcom refused to give his consent. At the request of one of those present, three groans were accorded to the dissenting employer. Mr. Lyall moved, and Mr. Boyd seconded, "That a vote of thanks be accorded to their employers for the hearty manner in which they had received the deputation, and assented to their wish." Carried nem. con. Mr. Lyall, in proposing the motion, made refe- rence to a Coachbuilders' Society, and said that a dinner had been spoken of to celebrate the success of the half-holiday movement, to which the assenting employers would be in- vited. A question having been raised as to whether the document received from Messrs. Barlow should be printed and sent round to all the employers, or whether each establish- ment should make its own hours, was decided in favour of the former. Votes of thanks to the Committee and the Chairman closed the meeting. Subsequently we have received a letter from Mr. James Hubble complaining that his factory, where the Saturday half-holiday has been observed for the past three years, was passed over. One of the Committee writes, with reference to Mr. Hubble's complaint of having been overlooked when the employers were being asked to grant a Saturday half holiday, explaining that circulars were sent to all who were not closing at 1 o'clock, and that as in Mr. Hubble's factory the custom had prevailed for years they did not forward one to him. This, the writer states, was the only reason for the apparent neglect, and he ex- presses regret that the Committee should have even seemed to slight one who had long ago adopted the short hour system, as that was far from their intention. CABINET BUSINESS.—Amongst the matters considered in Cabinet on Tuesday, May 2, were the application for the free carriage on the rail- way of wheat intended for French sufferers, and the opening for selection of land in the Mount Muirhead area. It is understood that on the former question the Ministry agreed upon a formal reply adverse to the request of the deputation which recently waited on them, and that with regard to the latter question it was discovered that some delay must necessarily take place before the land could be available for purchase. THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH.—We learn from Mr. John Rounsevell, who has arrived from the North on a short visit to Adelaide, that opera- tions are progressing briskly, upon the first section of the Overland Telegraph, embracing a distance of 500 miles. The greater part of the country over which this portion of the line runs is well known to be of an exceedingly flat and uninteresting character. It is destitute of timber, and the stages from watering-place to watering-place are often of considerable length. The whole of the poles required for the work have had to be obtained from the neighbourhood of Angipena. Up to the present time about 350 miles have been poled; 212 miles of this extending from Port Augusta to Two Hills at the rate of 20, and the remainder extending onward to the Beresford at the rate of 10 poles to the mile. At the Fixmiss Springs depot there is timber enough to carry the line with 10 poles to the mile on to Mount Rebecca in the Anderson Range—the terminal point of the section. The completion of this part of the work will not, it is estimated, take more than three months, but it will need six to supply the proper complement of poles. The whole of the timber required for the last 300 miles of the contract will have to be carted an average distance of 260 miles. It is fortu- nate for the contractors that by dint of special exertions the whole of the materials necessary for carrying on the line to the finish has been taken beyond Booloe, as the 70-mile stage between Leigh's Creek and that point has, because of the absence of rain, become desti- tute of water and grass. Owing to the long passage of the Saxon, the first 90 miles of line extending northward from Port Augusta remains unwired, but for the succeeding 70 miles the wires have been erected. Mr. Rounsevell calcu- lates that as soon as the poles have been erected the wiring will proceed at the rate of 20 miles a week. Already the wire for the whole of the section excepting the 90 miles above referred to has been laid down along the line. The fact that the roads have been very much cut up may be easily ac- counted for when it is remembered that in carrying out Mr. Bagot's construction and pro- visioning contracts 108 teams besides camels are employed. From the Peake to Mount Kingston—something like 180 miles—the track is heavy and sandy, and there is not much grass; but beyond that up to the Goyder the country improves. Indeed until the MacDonnell Ranges are reached, there is a fair supply of feed and water to be met with. All the stores have been, we are informed, delivered in advance of the parties, teams having penetrated 20 miles beyond the MacDonnell Ranges, through the pass discovered by Mr. McMinn. Mr. Rounsevell believes that Sections A and B, in the hands of Government parties, will be finished within three months from the present time. Nothing is being done in the way of erecting stations on the first 500 miles; but there are likely to be three—one at Beltana, another at Mount Hamilton, and one at the Peake. It is gratifying to note that the men engaged in the work evidently thrive on the prime bush fare supplied them. Dr. Benner had, when last accounts left, reached Section B, but so far there appears to have been little pressing need for his services. "THE CHAPLET."—This Roman Catholic monthly has been enlarged to the size of its predecessor the Southern Cross, and a copy of the issue, dated April 29, has been received. From it we glean the following items:—Bishop Sheil, who on account of delicate health left for Mel- bourne on April 11, is expected back within a few days. At the Annual Retreat of the Sisters of St. Joseph, held during Easter week at the Franklin-street Convent, 72 persons attended, including candidates and externs; on April 22 most of the Sisters returned to their missions. The Dominican Convent is about to be enlarged. During the month several changes have taken place in the clerical staff of the diocese. The Rev. J. Quinlan is now stationed in Willunga, and the Rev. M. Kennedy in Adelaide. The Rev. P. Byrne goes to Mount Barker with the Rev. J. Maher, and the Rev. P. Corcoran to Kadina in place of Father Quinlan. SCARCITY OF FEED.—There has been great scarcity of feed at the Mount Gambier end of the South-Eastern District for some weeks, reports the Watch. The recent rains, however, are beginning to mend matters, and if the frost keeps off there will soon be a good picking on land not over-heavily stocked. EXPORTING BREADSTUFFS.—It is stated that the barque Verulam has been chartered by Mr. Marshall, of Port Wallaroo, to load with wheat for Sydney. She will take, the local Press believes, 450 tons. A FALL. — On Wednesday morning Dr. Gething was called to attend the late steward of the barque Contest, who had fallen out of a window at Nockolds' Lass O'Gowrie Hotel, Port Adelaide. Fortunately, but strangely, he escaped with a fractured knee-cap and a severe shaking. A NEEDED LIGHTHOUSE.—A correspondent in the Portland papers has suggested the neces- sity of the Victorian and South Australian Go- vernments adopting some joint action in respect to the erection of a lighthouse at Cape Nelson or Cape Bridgewater. There is no doubt that the coast in the neighbourhood of the points indicated is very dangerous, and that a beacon at either Cape would be a great boon to mariners. NEW MUSIC.—We have received from Mr. Woodman's establishment a copy of a very pretty ballad, entitled "Little Footsteps," as sung by Mr. Armes Beaumont, whose profile forms the frontispiece of the title-page. The music is by T. A. Barney. The melody is simple, yet expressive, pathetic, and appropriate. The accompaniment may be performed by any young pianist of moderate attainments. The whole has been neatly lithographed by White head, of Melbourne. ORCHARD DISEASE. — The apple blight is making extensive ravages in some parts of the Mount Gambier district, the Standard states. The young and vigorous trees appear to be the greatest sufferers. JUVENILE FLORAL SOCIETY. — A Juvenile Floral Society has just been formed in connec- tion with the North Adelaide Congregational Church Sunday-schools. The objects which the teachers have in view are twofold—first, to in culcate habits of industry and patience in the children; and secondly, to foster in their minds the love of flowers and their successful culture. We understand that this novel effort has met with considerable success, about 100 members having already enrolled themselves. It is in- tended to hold the first exhibition in October next, when prizes will be awarded to those ex hibitors who have brought the plants or flowers shown to the greatest perfection. MUSIC.—To a large attendance in connection with the Unitarian Young Men's Improvement Society on Monday evening, May 1, Mr. C. Williams gave another of his interesting and instructive lectures on "Music." He confined himself principally to Scotch music, and was ably assisted in the illustrations by Mrs. Proctor, Mrs. Angel, and Mr. Gowenlock. A CURIOSITY.—Mr. R. Deane, the supercargo of the river boat Princess Royal, brought to Wentworth from Bourke a young kid born with only three legs. He intends sending it as a present to the Adelaide Botanic Garden by the steamer Queen. AGRICULTURAL.—The Wallaroo Times tells that seeding is nearly finished in the vicinity of the Hummocks, and the slight rains have been sufficient to cause the seed to germinate. In some paddocks the wheat is said to be looking quite green, being three inches long. NOT OVER THE BORDER.—The Narracoorte letter of the Mount Gambier Standard reports that a clever capture of one of the Border running tribe was made on Saturday morning by the Bailiff of the Court and Corporal Field. A man named Oakley had succeeded in getting pretty well into debt where he could, and had gone rather deeply into some of the more credulous tradesmen's books. All at once he discovered that he was very hardly used by his creditors, first letting him get into their debt, and then expecting that he would pay! So he determined that he would not put up with such annoyance. Being of a quiet disposition, and not liking to have his mind disturbed by duns, he very quietly moved his family, goods, and chattels across the Border, and there encamped. He then went to work, and earned a good bit of money by fencing. He finished his job last week, received his wages, and forthwith made preparations for moving towards Portland Bay, with the intention of starting in business as a butcher. But alas for his good intentions, he was not to get off so easily, for our worthy Corporal had discovered that this very honest man had made a slight mistake in pitching his tent—about 300 yards on this side of the line of demarcation; consequently he was brought in a prisoner, and was compelled to satisfy his creditors to his very great disgust. He was then left to go over the Border as far as he pleased. Great praise is due to Corporal Field and the Bailiff, Mr. McKay, for the energy and promptness they displayed. BANK OF AUSTRALASIA.—Mr. Parkes, In- spector of this institution, who has been in Adelaide for a short time, left for the sister province by Tuesday's steamer. DEPARTURE OF THE JAPANESE.—The agents for the Japanese performers with nine of a troupe left in the Aldinga on Tuesday for Melbourne. They gave an entertainment at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, when they attracted a large audience. The rope perfor- mances, and the astonishing antics of "All- right" elicited hearty applause; also did the juggling tricks of other members of this clever company. TELEGRAPHIC EXTENSION TO ECHUNGA. — On Tuesday morning the Rev. C. G. Taplin and Mr. J. Warland waited on the Postmaster- General, and presented a memorial from 54 residents in and around the neighbourhood of Echunga, requesting that he would take the necessary steps to cause Echunga to be placed in telegraphic communication with the rest of the colony. In support of their petition the memorialists advanced the following reasons:— Echunga is the centre of a large agricultural population, being equidistant from Meadows, Mount Barker, Macclesfield, and Hahndorf, is also the chief place of business for the neigh- bouring diggings of Echunga and Jupiter Creek. Echunga is the first important township from Adelaide on the greatest line of road for traffic in the colony. Frequent enquiries are made for a Telegraph Office by travellers, sheep and cattle drovers, and others not resident in the district. There being no medical man resident in the township, it is a great desidera- tum to be in telegraphic communication with a. neighbouring township where there is one. This would be especially beneficial to the Friendly Societies, &c.; From the large number of letters &c.;, passing through our local Post-Office, we are led to believe that the Telegraph Office would more than pay expenses. Two wires already pass through the township, these may probably be utilized for the proposed local office, thereby reducing expense to a minimum. For these and other reasons your memorialists would urge the expediency of placing the inhabitants of Echunga in the same position as that enjoyed by the residents of Macclesfield and other townships, many of which are not nearly so important as Echunga and its neighbourhood are. The deputation having supported the request of the memorial, Mr. Todd said the request for a Telegraph Office at Echunga had been made to him on several occasions. No doubt from there being two wires passing through the town- ship, it would be easy to connect an office with one; but they being the main wires connecting Melbourne and Adelaide, he could not possibly connect one with what would be a branch station, possibly in charge of a store keeper. Although the present Postmaster was stated to be willing to take the office of Telegraph Clerk for a small salary, yet it might be objected that he was a storekeeper, and was not altogether the proper person for the position. In opening a Telegraph Station he might amalgamate with it the Post- Office, remove the present Postmaster, and appoint another at a higher salary in consequence. He thought of recommending the extension of a third wire to Mount Barker, and its being continued to Macclesfield, so as to make a third wire to Strathalbyn, connecting the intermediate townships, as it would be useful on the arrival of the English mail when the two Melbourne ones are occupied for several hours in the transmission of mail news. As the matter involved expenditure, it was of course impossible for him to give a positive answer. The matter entirely rested with the Government, and he would bring it under their notice for favourable consideration. FORESTER'S LODGE. — The advisability of holding the periodical meetings of Friendly and Benefit Societies in halls unconnected with public-houses has often been mooted, and in many cases other places have been secured. Lately the object has been discussed by Court Kensington, A.O.F., and the result is that the use of the Public Schoolroom on Norwood parade has been obtained. PRESBYTERIAN.—On Monday evening the anniversary of the Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, was celebrated by an interesting meeting, when the Rev. J. Davidson, of Chalmers Church, delivered a lecture ou "Peasant Poets." There was a large atten- dance, and the Rev. J. Henderson, the pastor, presided. On the platform were also the Revs. G. W. Patchell and M. H. Hodge. The Chair- man, in his opening address, spoke of their efficient staff of Sabbath-school teachers and church officers, and the progress that had been made. The lecture was pleasing and attractive, and at its conclusion Mr. Davidson was warmly applauded. At the close of the proceedings the Rev. J. Henderson was presented with a hand some wagonette and horse and harness by his congregation. PENINSULAR AND ORIENTAL COMPANY.— Captain Farquhar and Mr. Kendall, the repre- sentatives of the Mail Company, sailed for Mel- bourne on Tuesday, having completed the mission to this province. SOCIETY OF ARTS.—The presentation works of this Society are now ready for distribution at the Adelaide Photographic Company's esta- blishment. They consist of choice photographs quite equal to those of former years. GOVERNMENT APPOINTMENTS.—Mr. Geddard has been appointed Clerk to the Sheriff in place of Mr. Fesenmeyer, deceased; and Mr. H. A. S. Holthouse Collector and Clerk in the Water- works Office, instead of Mr. Stanley Sparks, promoted. FIRE.—On Monday night, at Cowandilla, near Hilton, the floor and other woodwork of Mr. T. Maloney's residence was burnt and his furniture consumed, but the walls of the dwell- ing were left standing. When the alarm was given the people who were in the Baptist Chapel near rushed out and assisted in checking the progress of the flames. The owner of the property was not at home, but Mrs. Maloney not long before the occurrence had been in the stables showing to a visitor her husband's race horses. REFUSAL OF SACRAMENTS.—To parents of children attending Government schools in New Zealand Dr. Moran, Roman Catholic Bishop, has prohibited priests dispensing the sacraments during life and burial with the Church's rites at death. The address in which this direction was given has been generally condemned by the Press and the people. HAORTICULTURAL AND FLORICULTURAL SOCIETY. —The monthly Committee meeting was held at the Norfolk Arms on Tuesday, May 2. Present —Messrs. Driffield (in the chair), E. A. Wright, E. Smith, J. G. Hoffmann, E. P. Sabine, and W. Hackett (Secretary). Mr. Hoffmann's motion that Johnson's "Cottage Gardener's Dictionary" should be the authority for annuals was passed. Messrs. Smith and Hoffmann were appointed Managing Committee for the forth coming Chrysanthemum Show. RIDDEN OVER.—On Wednesday morning, while some boys belonging to Pulteney- street School were crossing the road in front of that institution, one of them, named Shiel, was ridden over by a young son of the late Mr. Fesenmeyer, the horse having shied. The lad was thrown violently on the metal, and the rider imme- diately went for a doctor, while the boy was taken home in a cab. Some of the blood-vessels of the head were ruptured, and the back of the head was bruised. By later enquiry we find that Shiel lies in a precarious state. TRAVELLING STOCK.—Mr. Birt, in charge of 212 fat cattle from Mount Murchison for Adelaide, was at Bunarangie on the evening of April 30. THE LAND RUSH.—The Area of Belalie has absorbed many of the farmers who have migrated from the Rhine and Talunga Districts, but the rush in that direction is over for the present, the earth hunger being partly satisfied by the best pieces having been picked out, while plenty of middling to indifferent blocks are left. Some who still want sections are willing to wait for tbe proclamation of new areas. On this subject the Wallaroo paper writes as follows:— "How not to do it is being exemplified by the Ministry at this particular time. There has not been such a genuine rush on so large a scale for many years in either this or any other of the colonies comprising the Australian group as has recently taken place towards the Northern areas. Had there been three other such areas to the west of Gulnare and Belalie they would have been largely settled upon. What is the Government doing to meet this particular demand? The Border Watch supplies the infor- mation in the following paragraph:—'The surveyors are busy making the necessary surveys for a new area to be declared between that of Narracoorte and the Border. There is, we understand, scarcely any land fit for the plough in the proposed area.' Where there is no demand for land the Government marks out an area; where there is, nothing is done." WRECK OF THE BARWON.—The Portland Guardian of April 27 reports that Mr. Gibbons, Melbourne, is expected by the Rob Roy, steamer, on Saturday next, to inspect the Barwon, and give his opinion as to the possi- bility of floating her again. If the opinion is favourable, immediate steps will be taken to raise the vessel either by the present pro- prietors, or, what is more probable, by a Com- pany. Many practical men have expressed the opinion that the steamer now lies in a safe position, and that the raising will not be so ex- pensive as at one time supposed. SUDDEN DEATH OF AN INFANT.—On Monday about 6 p.m. a male infant aged one month died rather suddenly at the residence of Mr. G. Roberts, George-street, Norwood. The mother, Elizabeth Giles, aged 19, left home 14 days ago for Chinkford, leaving the deceased in the care of Mrs. Roberts to dry-nurse at 15s. per week. An inquest has been held, reported elsewhere. DEATH IN A CELL.—A Doctor Robinson, who for years wandered about the Rhine, Talunga, and Onkaparinga districts with no very certain places of abode, has, after a hard life, met with death under circumstances rather gloomy. The poor fellow, who has been his own worst enemy, was liked by many, for lying under a rough exterior there was a kind heart. He was at times generous to a fault, and often his services were given without the least hope of reward. His skill was often praised, and certainly he has, even when in his cups, mar- vellously lessened pain and battled with disease, especially among the poor, but not these alone. Numbers of the comparatively well-to-do had faith in his knowledge of medi cine and judgment in applying remedies. Of course he was not in regular practice, so irregular were his habits. One of the "charac- ters" of the hill districts has gone, and not a few will deplore the untimely and sad end of a strange career. On night, as had unfor- tunately too often been the case before, Robinson was locked up by the Mount Pleasant police for being drunk. Next morning at 7 o'clock Cor- poral Birrell visited the cell, where he found the prisoner suffering much from the effects, of intoxication, and saw that he was very ill. Medical help was at once got, but it was hopeless, and the patient died. An inquest was held by Mr. H. Hodgson, J.P., when, after Dr. Gosse, of Mount Pleasant, had stated as the result of a pott mortem examination his belief that the immediate cause of death was apoplexy, a verdict was returned accordingly. GERMAN WAR RELIEF FUND.—The members of the Turnverein on Monday evening, May 1, gave an entertainment at the Gymnasium in aid of the Invalids' Home at Berlin, an institution that has lately been established, and is under the patronage of the Crown Princess of Prussia (Princess Royal of England). There was a very large attendance, a great many ladies being present. The hall was tastefully decorated with flags and oak leaves, which had a pleasing effect. The President of the Turnverein, Mr. C. Balk, J.P., presided, and in opening the entertainment remarked that the Turnverein had been in the habit of providing entertain- ments free of charge, but on the present occa- sion it had been determined to give one in aid of the invalids' Home, which had been established since the war, and was under the patronage of the eldest daughter of Queen Victoria. The Turnverein then went through various feats, under the leadership of their instructor, Mr. A. Leschen, including free exercises, pole-leaping, horizontal and parallel bars, horse- jumping, Roman ropes, and pyramid on trapeze. In the pole-leaping, Keidel attempted to clear 10 feet, but failed; he, however, managed 9 feet 9 inches. In the free jumping, 5 feet 4 inches was cleared. The demonstration ended with a pyramid and Bengal lights. Mr. C. von Bertouch, J.P., moved a vote of thanks to the instructor and the gymnasts for their efforts. He considered their performances as fully equal to some he had witnessed in Germany. The Concordia Band dis- coursed sweet, spirited, and martial music. The proceedings, which were a marked success, ended with a ball that was kept up till or beyond the small hours. NORMA.—The admirers of this favourite opera had another opportunity given them on Monday evening of enjoying its representation, Mr. Shakespeare, "owing to numerous requests," having consented to repeat it for the purpose of enabling many to be present who were unable to see and hear it on the first production. That its repetition was a financial success no one who saw last night's audience could doubt, the room being almost filled, whilst the performers ap- peared to be inspired with a determination to leave nothing undone in order that the per- formance might be carried through from first to last to the complete satisfaction of all present. The cast of characters was the same as formerly, with the exception of Mr. G. F. Bell's name being substituted for Mr. Brooks in the part of Flavius. Mr. B. B. White's name also appeared on the pro gramme as leader in place of Mr. W. Chapman's. The principal vocalists were in excellent voice, and, as might be expected, a very perceptible improvement upon the first presentation of the opera was .noticeable. Mrs. Davis's vocaliza- tion in some of the difficult and rapid passages with which it abounds gave evidence of a flexibility of voice which few amateurs have the good fortune to possess, and her impersonation of Norma evinced a careful study of the piece which was extremely creditable. Although the lady's powers must have been severely taxed by the large proportion of work which her character entailed, her notes in the closing scene were as clear and effective as at the commence- ment. Mrs. Perryman's singing also was much admired, and was heard to perfection in the beautiful duet, "Mira o Norma," which evoked enthusiastic applause, both ladies at its conclu- sion being called before the curtain. Mr. Smith, as Oroveso, and Mr. Dyer, as Pollio, went through their respective parts with great musical ability, and the whole closed amidst well- sustained and deserved plaudits. BAZAAR.—On Monday, May 1, a sale of fancy articles was held in the Lecture Room connected with the Methodist New Connexion Church, the proceeds to aid in reducing the debt on the build- ing. The articles were chiefly those remaining from a former bazaar, and, in addition, there were flowers in pots, statuettes, busts, and some ingenious French mechanical toys, representing figures on velocipedes, couples dancing, and others of a like nature, all, on being wound up, moving rapidly over the floor, to the great delight of the juveniles. Refreshments were provided in an adjoining room by Mr. Smith. THE PORT CORPORATION AND THE NORTH- PARADE.—It was noticed a short time since that Messrs. J. Hart & Co. had intimated to the Corporation of Port Adelaide their determina tion to withhold payment of their rates until the North-parade was put in order, and it was anticipated that the question would have to be submitted to the legal authorities. We learn, however, that Messrs. Hart & Co. have since altered their intentions, and have paid the amount in full. NEW AREA.—The surveyors are busy making the necessary surveys for a new area to be de- clared between that and Narracoorte and the Victorian border. The Watch understands that "there is scarcely any land fit for the plough in the proposed area." FATTENING SHEEP.—A correspondent sends the following to the Mount Gambier Standard: —"A very fat sheep, about 18 months old, was slaughtered on Thursday last by Mr. Isaac Gould, Kingsley, which weighed when dressed 114 lbs. Upwards of 20 lbs. of fat was taken from the kidneys, &c.; The weight of wool was equally good, viz., 10 lbs. at Christmas and 6 lbs. when slaughtered. Some of our farmers may take a hint from the above, and run a few sheep on the farm, particularly those whose land is more productive of sorrel than wheat, as there is no question as to the fact that sorrel was the principal if not the only food that the above fine animal subsisted on." RIVER FLEET.—The Duke of Edinburgh, Fuller, master, left Wentworth on April 24 for Goolwa. The Queen, Captain Pickhills, arrived at the former place on the 29th from the latter, with a general cargo; cabin passenger, Mr. An- derson. The Prince Alfred, Captain Walker, also arrived on the same date from the same port. The Princess Royal, Captain King, came down to the Darling Junction from Bourke on the 30th, having left on the 19th; cargo, 38 bales of wool (Barton & Topham's); 27 bales from Cuthero (Pile's). She passed the Endeavour on the 24th at Carpaulin, also the Ariel on the 25th at Billilla. The Jupiter stuck at Gunda- booka and Toorale. The Pride of the Murray left Euston on April 29, at 2 p.m., for Went- worth; cabin passengers, Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Macpherson, two children, and servant; for Lake Victoria. The Ariel arrived in Wilcannia on the 25th, and left on the 26th to raise a barge, and would not proceed any higher. BLACK DIAMONDS.—The coal fleet have con- tinued arriving with striking irregularity, until on Wednesday morning Captain Simpson an- nounced that his three thousand tons were all in port. Some vessels made good passages. For instance, the Claymore. Others made about average runs; and, if a long voyage was wanted, the Kalahome certainly took good time over it, having left on April 1, and arrived on May 3. Amongst the masters the opinions expressed were very amusing, for those who kept in with the land were sure the passage would have been shortened had an offing been sought. Some had lost the opportunity by going on the port tack instead of the starboard; while another steady old salt declared he had made a point of vantage by rounding the Southern Cape of Tasmania. The lot of the first fleet is decided, and there is now plenty of available tonnage on hand should cereals offer for shipment. SUPREME COURT.—The Chief Justice is to preside at the forthcoming Criminal Sessions, beginning on Tuesday. AUSTRALIAN NATIVES.—Steps are being taken in Melbourne to form a Friendly Society for native Australians above the age of 18 years. PRESBYTERIAN.—At Wallaroo the commo dious Presbyterian Church being without a minister, owing to the departure of the Rev. A. Michie, it was decided at a meeting held on Wednesday to invite the Rev. Jas. Roddick, of Mount Pleasant. VICEREGAL.—Friday, April 28, His Excel- lency held an Executive Council, at which the Chief Secretary, the Attorney-General, and the Treasurer were present. On Saturday, accompanied by the Chief Secretary, His Excel- lency visited the Lunatic Asylums. On Wednes- day the Governor left in his yacht for Yankalilla and Kangaroo Island, and will be absent from town a few days. PUNCTUALITY.—Rather an amusing episode occurred on .Saturday evening. The owner of the Swallow had, it appears, given strict orders to the master to start at the appointed time of sailing, and as obedience is one of the first laws in the mariners' code, the Swallow cast off to the moment. Ten minutes later the owner arrived on the wharf to see his craft under all sail heading away at a smart rate for the bars, and in order to join her he was compelled to make his way to the beach, take boat, and intercept her in the roadstead. WANT OF WATER.—Lately we transferred a paragraph reporting a deficiency of water on Yorke's Peninsula, and now find these:— "Residents at the Doora Mine and township will be in sore straits for water after the close of this week should rain not fall. The supply has been conserved as much as possible, but it will be exhausted by Saturday night; then, we suppose, water will have to be carted from Wallaroo and elsewhere. We are informed that a considerable amount of water has already been distilled on the Moonta Mines.—Day by day as the dry weather continues the want of water is more seriously felt on the Peninsula. We notice daily a number of carts at Wallaroo that are constantly employed distributing the precious fluid." ADELAIDE CITY MISSION.—On Sunday, April 30, the annual sermons in the North Adelaide Congregational Church on behalf of this de- serving institution were preached. The Rev. C. Manthorpe in the morning delivered an impres- sive discourse from 1 Cor. xv. 58, "Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmove- able, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord." In the evening the Rev. James Jefferis chose for his text Luke xxiii. 3, "And he said, of a truth I say unto you that this poor widow hath cast in more than they all." The sermon was mainly devoted to an enforcement of the Christian duty of alms- giving. The collection realized about £18. COMPULSORY EDUCATION.—We are glad to be able to say that the obligatory educational system adopted on the Wallaroo and Doora Mines is working most satisfactorily and smoothly, writes the Wallaroo Times. Last week the school tickets' of 180 boys employed on the Wallaroo mines were received at the Super intendent's office, showing that in each case the regulation was being complied with. These 180 boys, we believe, represent the number of boys employed on the surface of the mine. On those who go underneath, of course, the regu- lation is not stringent, as they work sometimes by day, alternately. But in the instance of every boy, as far as it is practicable for him, lie attends a school. ROMAN CATHOLIC FEMALE REFUGE.—There are now 21 penitents in the Catholic Female Refuge at Mitcham, and the usefulness of this institution is every day becoming more ex- tended, reports the Chaplet, adding, "there is still, however, a large field, as between 40 and 50 young persons are known to be Catholics, nominally at least, of the large number of un- fortunates which degrade the streets of Ade- laide." ACCIDENT.—On Monday morning a spring- cart, which was being driven rapidly round the corner from King William-street into Grenfell street, struck a perambulator standing near the pavement in charge of a young girl, and turned its occupant—the infant of Mr. William Melvin—into the gutter. A crowd at once assembled, and public sympathy with the child and indignation at the driver of the cart ran high, until it was found that little or no injury had been done. The name on the offend- ing vehicle was Frank Daw—Almanda. NEARLY DROWNED.—On Sunday afternoon a child, about two years old, of Mrs. Thomas Tonkins, of Strathalbyn, fell through the man- hole of a neighbour's tank, in which there was three or four feet of water. Some children gave the alarm, and the mother and neighbours were quickly on the spot. Thomas Raggatt, a lad about 14 or 15 years of age, slid down a long piece of quartering, which was quickly put into the tank. Holding the piece of wood with one hand, he lifted the little thing up until it was grasped by some one above. When taken out the youngster was motionless and apparently dead, but the mother was recommended to perform a not too delicate operation, with a view, if possible, of bringing back animation. This was to draw—or in plain language—suck the child's nose for the purpose of drawing off the water and to restore respira- tion. The mother at once did as she was ad- vised; water was drawn away, and then there was the movement of a limb, and the child breathed. The usual remedies were then re- sorted to, such as rubbing the body, a warm bath, &c.;, all of which assisted. Dr. Ferguson, who had been sent for, came and ordered another warm-bath, &c.;, and the little patient is now much better. FLAX FIRE.—Last Monday, between 1 and 2 p.m., several small stacks belonging to the Willunga Flax Mill Company, a venture now in course of being wound up, were destroyed by fire. No other damage was done, and the origin of the affair is unknown. FIRE AT GAWLER.—On Sunday evening about 10 o'clock a fire broke out in the store of Messrs. Saunders & Co. of Murray-street, Gawler, by which considerable damage was done to the stock and premises. Fortunately, however, there was a good supply of water at hand, and, by the exertions of a number of the inhabitants, the fire was extinguitiied in about half an hour. An inquest has been held, fully reported elsewhere. AN OLD INDUSTRY REVIVED.—A correspon- dent at Hog Bay, whose letter, dated March 25, has been unfortunately overlooked till now, says:—"Our neighbours at Kingscote have had quite an exciting time of it lately. About a month ago Captain Swiggs, of the schooner Albert, with Messrs. Michael and Charles Calnan, both old sealers, started on a sealing expedition to the Althorpe Islands; but owing to bad weather they only succeeded in capturing nine seals. On their return Mr. H. Smith, who had been living on the island before the colony was proclaimed, with Jack Luty, started in a small dingy. They got within a couple of miles when a south-west buster set in, and compelled them to return. A party was then made up, consisting of W. Chapman, H. Smith (old sealers), J. Little, and R. Chapman; but Michael Calnan, who hap- pened to see them passing along the coast, and suspecting the dodge, made the best of his way into Kingscote, got together a party, and started in pursuit. Smith and Chapman's party had already arrived, and were hard at work, having killed several. Of course a barney ensued; but as it was useless working against each other, they decided on amalgamating and working in concert. The united party cap- tured 60, being absent from Kingscote about a fortnight. Some years ago sealing was the principal occupation of the islanders, and our old settlers derived a living from it. Now that takeall and rust have taken possession of the land, they are again turning attention to their former occupation. No doubt a well equipped party might make a good season on the islands to the westward." SOUTHERN RAILWAYS.-—On May 1 the Govern- ment took formal possession of the Southern Railways, together with the rolling and line stock, &c.; RECHABITISM.—A social entertainment of the late Rechabite Picnic and Soirée Committee took place at Mr. Smith's, Hindley-street, on Wednesday evening. About 30 were present. Mr. G. Howell, D.C.B., occupied the chair, and Mr. W. Holland, P.D.C.R., the Vice-Chair. After loyal sentiments Mr. E. Alcock read a statement of the receipts and expenditure, showing a credit balance. Mr. Councillor Madge then proposed, and Mr. G. Biekle seconded, "The Picnic Committee." Mr. G. W. Cole expressed satisfaction at the way every thing had passed off at the soirée and picnic, and proposed a cordial vote to Mr. Smith for that evening's entertainment. Mr. J. T. Headdy seconded, and Mr. Smith, amid cheers, re- sponded. On the proposition of Mr. Rule, thanks were accorded to the District Secretaries (Messrs. Cole and Alcock), the Treasurer (Mr. Madge), Mrs. and Master Laycock, and others who assisted at the soiree. Excellent songs were sung by Messrs. Newman and Pudney, and recitations given by Messrs. Rule and Manning. A pleasant evening shortly after closed. PHANTOM TEAM. — Sceptical people believe that as this country is so new, and our ruins are so modern, veritable ghosts and ghostesses have not yet been acclimatized. How mistaken is this opinion may be judged from the statement made by the Gawler Times, that in the lively neighbourhood of Onetree Hill, quiet practical farmers aver their having seen a weird tandem team dash across roads and through fences, without finding that what are obstacles to ordi- nary horses and vehicles at all obstruct the pro- gress of these light-bodied beasts and their shadowy trap. Where the team comes from or goes to, on what kind of ethereal oats and hay the nags are fed, may be worth ascertaining, and what can be the object of these "gloamin" trips through an otherwise reputable district would form a good subject for enquiry. OVERLAND TELEGRAPH.—The Saxon having arrived with a large supply of wire, there will be little delay in fixing it. From Port Augusta we learn that in the meantime there is plenty of loading for the Far North, chiefly on account of the telegraph constructors, but drays seem to be scarce, and the distance is too great for many of the teamsters to undertake. At Blinman little has lately been heard from the workers, most of the parties being now beyond reach. CHURCH OF ENGLAND.—The Bishop has, it is mentioned, notified that a clergyman will enter upon clerical duty at Penola and Narracoorte early in Jane. FUNERAL SERMON.—In the Lecture-hall of Pirie-street Wesleyan Chapel on Wednesday evening the Rev. T. James preached to a large congregation from Proverbs zzzi. 10—"Her price is far above rubies." After referring to the early life of the late Mrs. Toay and her training by pious parents, he spoke of the forti- tude and patience with which she bore the death of her husband, that loss being almost the only severe trial with which she had been afflicted. He then noticed the career of the family, men- tioning that a son having left Cornwall, her birthplace and residence, for America, he became a respected member of Congress, and when he died had an immense concourse at his funeral gathering, testifying that he was uni versally respected. Mrs. Toay and her daughters came to South Australia in 1849, when she immediately joined the Pirie-street Church. Many would recollect her tall and stately form at their meetings. He then dwelt at length on her many estimable qualities and her going about doing good, and considered it would not be too much to say that what Florence Nightingale was to the greater world Mrs. Toay was to her own comparatively limited sphere of usefulness. After exhorting all present, espe- cially the young, to follow such a noble example, the service closed with prayer and the singing of "Shall we gather at the river"—a favourite hymn which had been sung when Mrs. Toay was on her deathbed by Mr. James and some friends. PLUVIAL.—The rainfall registered at the Adelaide Observatory during April was 0.741 of an inch in 10 days. WHALING.—The Verulam, barque, which reached Wallaroo on Saturday from Newcastle, after a protracted passage of 22 days, was in company with three whaling vessels when off Kangaroo Island. FOUND DEAD.—The Border Watch of April 29 reports that on the previous morning abont 8.30 Mr. J. Douglas was riding along the road at the corner of the Wire Paddock, about four miles from Mount Gambier, when his horse shied, and on looking round he observed the body of a woman lying among the ferns a few yards off. He at once went into the town, and gave infor- mation to the police, who hastened to the spot. Dr. Wehl and Mr. Turner, S.M., also went out, and the former having examined the body, found in the bosom of the dress a bottle half full of laudanum, and the supposition consequently is that she has been poisoned. A bottle half filled with wine was found in a bundle. It was con- sidered advisable to remove the body to the Mount for an inquest. The woman's name was Fanny Thorrington. She formerly lived at Mr. Pratt's boarding-house as a general servant, but for the last 12 or 18 months has been with Mr. Thomas Webber, farmer, as housekeeper. On Thursday she had been at Mount Gambier, and was apparently on her way home when she died. The posture in which she was found seemed to indicate that she was suddenly taken ilL She was lying on her breast, slightly supported by her right arm. An inquest was held on Satur- day morning, Mr. G. D. Wyatt acting as Foreman. TESTIMONIAL TO REV. C. W. EVAN.—On Wednesday evening, May 3, a testimonial, consisting of an address and a cheque for £750, was presented to the Rev. C. W. Evan, on the occasion of his retirement from the pastorate of Stow Church. Mr. A. Hay, M.P., occupied the chair, and addresses were made by the Chief Justice and various members and laymen. HEIGHT OF WATERS.—Our advices from the river districts report that at Billilla on April 25 the stream was falling fast, and from Bourke notes received at Wilcannia on the 27th make the same statement, the river having gone down three feet in 24 hours. There was no word of a rise coming down. A mercantile firm's letter, dated Tolarno, April 29, says:—"There is about 12 feet of water above summer level. The reported rise some time back at Bourke is down with us, still the river is falling about one and quarter inch in 24 hours. In about another week the river will go down very rapidly, as all the lakes are nearly empty. Unless there is more rain I think the steamers of ever so light draught will not be able to, pass Tolarno after six weeks from date." Another communication, dated Wentworth, May 1, remarks:—"The mail last night from Bourke reports that the water had fallen at the rate of three feet in 24 hours there, and that the Jupiter was not likely to get down, as she was then stuck somewhere near Tooralee. There is plenty of water here, and likely to be as far as Menindie for some weeks yet." Our own correspondent's statement is that the steamer struck at Gundabooka and Toorale. SOUTH-EASTERN FARMING.—At Narracoorte the weather has been very favourable for agriculture, and land selectors are ploughing and getting their land ready for seed sowmg. VITAL STATISTICS.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, April 29, were:—Births, 17 males, 20 females; deaths, 18 males, 9 females; total, 37 births, 27 deaths. Excess of births, 30. PORT PIRIE.—Land selectors on the Belalie Area and some of the neighbouring country speak hopefully and highly of this place as the outlet for their produce. Writing from that direction on May 2, and referring to the subject, a correspondent remarks that in view of this "the further extension of the Northern Railway that way would be a poor speculation, because a cheap port for wheat means the same for wool." He adds his belief that the most promising "course for railway extension will be from the Burra to Menindie, on the Darling, as that would place the hobbles on Victoria and her tariff .at once." On this latter proposal there will, however, be very wide differences of opinion. DASTARDLY OFFENCES.—After referring to thefts of mountings, wheels, and coulters be longing to ploughs, from a farm, the Clare paper tells that Mr. Bowden has had his fencing wire cut, straining-posts burnt, and there have been four fires on his ground within the past twelve months. Some persons have also been so mischievous as to sow wild oats over his ground. WESLEYAN BAZAAR.—Another fancy sale in the Clare Town Hall, although there have been three bazaars within half a year, has yielded nearly £130. ANOTHER OPINION.—The correspondent who sends a city letter weekly to the Clare paper innocently says in his latest:—"I may mention that Mr. C. S. Hare, a well-known literary gentleman, has published an able article in the Advertiser, entitled 'France, Germany, and the War of 1871.' The writer defends the Germans, and very properly calls in question the exagge- rated valour, &c.;, of France; and altogether I have no hesitation in saying that the article itself is one of the ablest compositions that has appeared in the Advertiser for a long while." THE HON. A. BLYTH.—The Commissioner of Crown Lands returned from Melbourne in the Royal Shepherd on Monday morning. MITCHAM.—The Sunday scholars in connection with St. Michael's Church had their usual Easter treat on April 28 in the section behind the Parsonage, which commands a splendid view of the city and sea. Previous to entering upon their sports they assembled in the church to receive an address from the minister (the Rev. H. Read, M. A), who exhorted them to reverence their parents and teachers, to cultivate the habit whilst young of reading their Bible, and not using it as merely a common lesson book, but ever to remember it as God's Holy Word. They were then marched to the grounds, where cricket, football, croquet, swings, &c.;, had been provided. Soon after 4 o'clock, after having sung a hymn, over 60 children sat down to a rich supply of good things. Having satisfied eyes and appetite it was thought that athletic sports for boys and running for girls would be beneficial, and a good number of parents and members of the congregation partook of tea. Prizes, comprising balls, pen-- knives, whips, &c.;, for the boys, and dressed dolls, box toys, &c.;, for the girls, were handed over by Mrs. Read. After cheers for the ladies who had provided the tea and prizes, and three more for the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Read, the children sang the hymn "Sun of my Soul," and quietly dispersed after the benediction, regret- ting that the shades of evening had so quickly closed in upon them. MEAT-PRESERVATION.—To-day our telegraphic column notifies that the Victorian Meat Com- pany have sustained a severe loss owing to the destruction by fire of their preserving-room and a large portion of their valuable plant. Doubt- less, however, there will be no lengthy sus- pension of operations at the works, as this Company has always displayed great energy in overcoming difficulties and pushing their business. 