A New Zealand Ghoit Story. What 1b called " a true ghost story" comes to us from New Zealand. A Wellington paper says" A few evenings ago a young lady, who occupies tbe 6nmo sleeping apart ment (but not the same bed) with a younger sister, had retired to rest shortly before mid night. Tlio youuger sister bad been asleep fur some time. The elder sinter's bed stood in front of a window, at some little distance from it; a chair stood between the bed and the window. The young lady was lying on her side, with her faco to the window, on the point of dropping off to sleep, and, as she avers, without the remotest thought of ghost or goblio crossing her mind, when suddenly she became aware of something like a dim shadow being cast acroEs her eyes; 6he atarted and turned quickly round to find herself confronted by a tall gentle man, dressed in black coat and Irouserv, wearing a white waist-coat with black spots, and gloveB on his bauds, half leaning over her. Bis figure and features were clearly limned agaiust the window, shr instantly re cognised the face of a gentleman formerly n resident of Wellington, deceased Borne twelve months or so. Her look was only momentary, but it was clear; and filled with terror, ebe screamed repeatedly to her sister who after some little time awolcc. The ghost disappeared at the firut Bound of her voice, and she was too much agitated to observe which way it went. The yonnger sister asked what was the matter; the elder Bister replied by desiring her to coino into the other bed, and she would tell the cause of her trouble in the morning. Having lain down beside her the younger sister continued to prune the elder with questions as to what she had Been or heard, at last asking her whether she had not seen a (nan in tho room, j To this the elder replied that she had, when the younger rejoined,'Then I know who it was ; it was Mr. . men tinning the name of the very man whom tier tinier had seen. Much surprised, the elder asked, 'Did you see him too, then f ' No,' said the younger ; ' tut while I was asleep the impression was borue vividly on my mind that be was in | tho room.' On being subsequently quos j tioned how she came to thiok thst the parly she named was in the room, she said sho could not tell, and had not thought of him before since his death ; but she Bccmcd to know Intuitively that ho was present, with out feeling the alarm that was exhibited by her sister." 