'iPaUaraa Cimrs. WALLAROO : SATUDDAY, SEPT. 30. There are numerous theories in the iiegislaturej-arid fchroughoutthe country, as to-what wi|l be the course of the impor tant trade that is certain to spring up in consequence of the large amount of settle znent that has taken place, and is daily taking place, in the vicinity- of Port Broughton. One ounce of fact is pro verbially worth a whole poundof theories ; las it is quite certain some of these latter will be crude and must rest upon unsound bases; To residents in the mining dis trict of Yorke's Peninsula the question is of-peculiar interest whether the trade of the,agricultural district that has so sud denly and unexpectedly been developed almost at our very door shall amalga mate with that which is already ours. Prima facie, it seems almost a certainty tliat^n the early days of thenew district there must be' very close connection be-" tween it and the older Settled district. In the ordinary course of events the pioneer settlers look to the nearest populated township ae the basis from which they draw their supplies. > One of the duties of a Legislature and a (Government, chained as is the South Australian Leg islature and Government with that of exercising super-vision over the various means of communication between one district and another, would seem to be that of acquiring some information as to the best way of meeting, the require ments of the settlors in a new district, and as far as.should be politic, facilitating their means of communication. Up to the present month, our Government and ^Legislature have done nothing in the way of even acquiring information on this point. . In the three areas of.Gulnare, Brough ton, and Belalie there were 117,465 acres taken up under the credit clauses of the Land "Act, prior to June, „ 1871 ; and making allowance for what has been taken up since, and what has been taken up in the areas of Narridy and Calto wie, we are warranted in saying that very nearly, if not quite 150,000 acres of fend are settled upon in the locality. One private vessel, the Triumph, ech., tried to * make the new port, but partly in consequence of deficient infor mation, and partly perhaps from the in tricute nature of .the navigation required, grounded some three miles from the .shore. A flying survey of the coast was made several years ago on the part of tbe South Australian Government, but, as it was not then supposed that the country was likely to he inhabited for many years, it is neither reliable or definite enough to allow, the master of a vessel to make Fort Broughton by it. There is a large amount of shoal 'Water in the bay, which is well sheltered; and an arm of the sea, a quar ter of a mile wide, runs in a South wes terly direction for three miles away from the Port. In the shoal water, which is literally alive with fish, there are three channels, two of which are what are called blind ones, ending abruptly a consider able distance from the.shore. The chan nel, which is from three to four miles long, is very zigzag in its course, and very var iable, being from four or five to sixteen feet "in depth, and changing very sudden ly. From this it will be seen that a schooner could not posssibly come to or leave the port without a fair wind ; but, should she.get there she might bring up in ten or twelve feet of water within one hundred yards of shore. The beach is a fine s$ndy one; and the bay has a soft muddy bottom all over. In one part of it there is what was a magnificent oyster bed, atid ibousanlla df the moluscs may Jbe seen, dead unfortunately, on the bot tom. Their death has been caused by the rise of the coast; and at low water they are sometimes left high and dry. At the present time the Q-overnment has a party in the bay staking the course of the chan nel ; and, it would appear, that if a small jetty should be made to load from or discharge cargo upon, the Govern ment would then have done nearly as much coastwise as is at present neces sary. The settlers in the areas have not, as yet any reason to complain of their prospects. Those crops that were early sown are j looking strong and healthy, notwithstand ing the drought. The quality of the land may be inferred from the appearance pre sented by some of the well grassed plains,: in which the herbage is now three or j four feet long ; and even horses that wort every day, grass fed only, continue in fine condition. A fish trade has already sprung up between the port and CJare and the Burra, hawkers coming down to the bay and taking loads of fish away with them. Biit the settlers look to the mining district of the Peninsula as likely to form for them a capital. market for dairy and garden produce: The expenditure of a moderate sum of money by the Government would do much to facilitate their interests in this respect. The distance between Wallaroo and Port Broughton is about thirty miles, and the road, excepting the first eight miles from the Broughton, is very good natnrally. "Prom Wallaroo to Tickera— ten miles—there is a good, beaten, clear ed track; for twelve miles frpm Tickera the road, running for the most part over plains, is naturally very sound; but the road over the last eight miles, through scrub, ought at once to be cleared by the Government. It is over sandhills, not very steep, with rallies between; but along the whole eight miles the stumps are standing nearly a yard high and the scrub encumbers the road, making travell ing very difficult and tedious. .Then there is another thing the Government should do. At Tickera there are three wells fed by natural Bprings, which run throughout tlie driest season; and as •there is likely to bea, large amount of traffic on this Toadr±he springs should he gazetted a water reserve, where teamsters and travellers might water their cattle. Should these not prove sufficient, eventu ally a dam across a deep gully there is close to could be constructed at a trifling expense, when water enough for a town ship would be collected. We trust some member of the Legislature will obtain these comparatively trifling concessions for the Bettlers on these 150,000 acres of land. We see no occasion to modify the opi nion expressed in this journal from the first settlement on. the Broughton that the export trade of the port will be to Wallaroo mlight flatbpttomed boats which will, we Relieve, cross;the shallows at high water, without having to keep in the channel. - There isTrnt one tide per diem in the bay; the tide ebbing continuously for twelve hours. Throughout the sum mer time, five days out of six, as a rule, the sea breeze comes up the gulf at ten a.tn., and at sunset the wind veers round to N.E. Flat bottomed coasters-might cal culate on these two winds for the up and down journey ; and as they need not leave the coast they will have smooth water usually. The route of a railway from Wallaroo, northward or north-east, south of the areas and towards the Burra, must necessarily be determined considerably by the impossibility that -exists of crossing theJETummock's range at any point. There are reasons for believingthat no insuper able engineering difficulties exist against taking a railway through Hope's Gap; but, Ingram's, it is said, would be more difficult to cross. If such a railway should be constructed, although it might appear considerably south of the areas, we are assured it would , remain south but for a short period of time. The Government, has now a survey party surveying an area immediately south of the Broughton; and there is an absolute certainty that when this area shall have been thrown open for selection, it will be rushed as the Broughton area was. There are now scores of people waiting for the opportu nity to settle upon-lt- And this will be the case, with la&dr; situated between Broughton3 and Ticlrera, all of which is well adapted for agriculture, although in somie places the expense of clearing it will-be a drawback. To the observant traveller there are signs that it. will, if cleared, bear crops Alongside the road is a mallee tree, the trunk of which a man cannot span - with his arms extended twice. Land that will grow such timber will also grow something else. And at Tickera, where the soil looks to be worth less and sandy, there are one or two al most deserted gardens, in which, despite the drought, and the lack of cultivations cabbages, cauliflowere-lettuces, peas, onions', turuips, <fec., may bejegen-flowiisji-; - ing in great luxuriance. Whether $he question be viewed as a land or a sea'one there is a near approach to certainty that an important accession to the Peninsula trade is about to be made. The possibi lity of shipping wheat to Sydney or Mel bourne, in the Black Diamond Liners, for half the rate that has to be paid at Port Adelaide, will necessarilly attract farm produce to Port Wallaroo. If the Go > vernment can be induced to clear the road and to declare the water reserve > we have alluded to, at no very distant date, a thriv ing trade in vegetables > and dairy produce will commence, and the residents in this mining district > will not have to depend on that somewhat erratic and uncertain source of > supply, the Kangaroo steamer. A railway through the agricultural dis trict > to the east of us, that shall eventu ally cut the northern line, thus > opeuing up a large trade with the interior and saving some very expensive > mail contracts, we have always argued was a necessary desideratum to remove > that isolation from the remainder of the colony which places this important > district at so great a dis advantage. In the Supreme Court, on Thursday, Mr Mackie obtained a verdict for £250 against H. Hill. The Commissioner of Crown lands, and Messrs Bean, N. Blyth, Glyde, Hay, Pearee, and Play ford, have been appointed a Select Committee, upon the Electoral District Eill. . A special meeting of the Church of England Synod; is convened for next Tuesday, to compare the Education Bill with the principle affirmed by the Sjnod, and to consider what action should be taken. We have been requested to direct attention to the sale this day, by Mr J. Beer,jun., of furni ture and effects, at the Moonta branch of the Bank of South Australia, the property of Mr J. B. Corpe. We would direct attention to the advertise ment in our business columns of the concert to be given in the Wallaroo Mines Beading Boom, on Monday evening. The proceeds of the concert will be in aid of the funds of the Beading &ooin.; The Clare Guardian threatens " renegade Be formers, a dissolution will be forced upon the Go vernor if such practices continue to prevail." Well, «uch practices have continued to prevail, and what is more, have prevailed, but there are no signs of the dissolution. The following are the Tenders for the Presby terian Manse, Wallaroo, including the extra prise for flagging verandah T. B. Heath, £561 0s"0d, (accepted) ; Eisfelder and Tyley, £577 13s Od; H. and Gr. Bruce, £579 8s 7d; Nottle and j Francis, £607 Us Od ; Hague and Lake, £612 5s j Od; Nettleton and Thorne, £616 5s Od. i A memorial to the Legislature is in coarae of signature by ship masters trading to Port Wal laroo, ..setting forth that two lights are very much required ; one on Cape De Couedie, on the south west corner of Kangaroo Island, in consequence | of the dangerous navigation in those waters on a dark night; and the other on Wedge Island, neap which there are numerous reefs and low islands in the Guif. The annual fete in connection with the Presby terian Church, Port Wallaroo, took place on Wed nesday. Numerous'conveyances had been provid ed for the occasion to take the children to a-sta tion belonging to J. Duncan, Esq., and great waB the pleasure anticipated. Unfortunately the weather was stormy, and this precluded somfe visitors, and some of the children from attending ; but those who ventured heartily enjoyed them selves. Every possible provision wan made: for the comfort and pleasure of thc-ehildren and the numerous visitors; and after a number of games, had been played, and a variety of diversions en gaged in, after whicli the children were safely conveyed home. Ix the House of Assembly, on Tuesday, the force was enacted of passing all the Clauses of the Land Bill) after Clause 12, sub silentio through Committee, Mr Playford observing that if this clause should be adapted, they ''could adjourn to the smoking room and take a quiet smoke." After the smoke, Clause 12 was reconsidered, and it was resolved that land should be offered for selection on a graduated scale of prices, the Go* yernment, of course, acquiescing in every cardinal principle of their Land Sill being turned topsy turvey. - The veritable Lai Lai ghost (remarks the Bun inyong-Teiegrapb) has turned up as an informer. After nearly frightening the lives out of people by acting the ghost, he got very thirsty and it is said obtained sixpenny worth of beer at Mr Capel's near the station at Lai Lai, and subse quently gave information, which led to Mr Capel being summoned to the court on Friday last. The ghost is about six and a ha >f feet in height The case was remanded for a fortnight, in order to procure the attendance of a second justice of the peace. In the House of Assembly on Tuesday, Mr Bright asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands if the new township at Port Broughton had been surveyed ; and if so, when it would be offered for sale. The Commissioner replied that the survey had been ordered, and would immediately take place. By a reference to our leading columns it will be seen that ■the channel leading to the, site where it is understood the township is to be is a very tortuous one, rendering it impossible for a schooner to come into port or go out with, any but a fair wind. The bay in front is a very large one ; and as it has been but imperfectly surveyed, there would seem a possibility of another channel existing that might be preferable. In this case the site of the township should be .contiguous. The Government, we imagine, would act with discre tion if it caused a survey of the bay to be made before commencing the survey of the township. A6 will bo seen by advertisement the Foley Troupe will give their first entertainment at Kadina this evening, and at Wallaroo on Monday and Tuesday. A correspondent sends to us the following interesting case ot childbirth:—" On Thursday morning, the 28th inst., at Moonta Mines, the wife of Mr Thomas Chappell, miner, was deliver ed of three fine healthy children, two boys and one girl., We believe this is the first case of . triplets which have occurred on Yorke's Peninsula, and we question whether a finer illustration could be obtained of the increasing prosperity of this much neglected part of Her Majesty's dominions. In these times, when our Govern ment are voting such enormous sums for questionable projects, it will be interesting to note whether the representative of Her Majesty in these colonies will condes cend to bestow the usual bounty of £3jupon this highly deserving case. Dr Dickie, of Moonta, who attended the case,' informs us that Mrs Chappell is as well as can be expected, and her three children are strong and healthy, and likely to do well." Upon what principle that will bear to have the light of day turned on it in a newspaper, Hon. members have voted £150,000 for the railway from Narracoorte to Lacepede Bay, whilst they have -over and over again refused to allow one penny piece of public money to be expended on opening up communication between the mining district on the Peninsula and the agricultural dis trict in the interior, one cannot conceive. As we recently explained, the total population of the two counties that can by any possibility be bene fited by the line numbers but 3186, whilst in the mining district here there are four times as many. The total number of acres under wheat crop in these two counties was but 4,363 last year— much less than on Green's Plains alone. At Lacepede Bay, one vessel is reported by the Statistical Register ta have called during 1868 and not one during 1869, whilst 40,0,00 tons of shipping annually enter and leave Port Wallaroo. In the South-Eastern district £410,295 have been expended by the Central and Local Road Boards, whilst not a single farthing has "been expended on this district. Counties Robe and MaeDonuell have contributed to the Land Fund £177,444, and C,ounty Daly £140,000. These figures might be continued to an indefinite length, but sufficient have been given to -shew the sort of consideration that has been given by one Government after another, and one Legislature after another, to Peninsula claims and requirements. A meeting of tlie Wallaroo Institute Committee was held on Thursday evening, the President, (Mr Bower), being , in the chair, and Dr. Sholl, and Messrs Harvey, Hay, Bath, Deer, Hodge, and Godfrey, present. After the minutes of the pre vious meeting had been read and confirmed, the question of a Bite foi* the Institute to be erected was taken into consideration. A letter was pro duced from Mr It. Anderson, Adelaide, offering the corner block on which stands his blacksmith's shop, f ;r £225 without the premises, £250 with; also another was read from Mr PhillipB, offering, on the opposite side, near to Mr Bowering's shop, three allotment's for sale, one at £3 per foot, and two others at £2 per foot. The President then informed the Committee that as the 6ite on Mr Anderson's corner block, fron'ing the terrace had been considered eligible, he would sdU to them the house now resided in by Mr J. Bailey, with a block of land adjoining containing from thirty to forty feet frontage, and with as much land-as the Committee might require.at the rear, for £300. . The cottage of Mr Bailey, he explained, had been substantially built, and would form an excellent residence for a librarian; besides which the side wall had been carried higher than the roof for the purpose of building upon it a large structure ad joining ; consequently it would form the sidewall of the new Institute, and thus lessen the cost of the building.' The advantages of .this offer were considered so great, and the site so eligible, that it was at once closed with by the Committee. After this-a Building Committee, consisting of Messrs Bath, Deer, and Hodge was appointed, to obtain a plan for the Institute, and then call a meeting of the general Committee.' It was under stood that the Hall should seat 300 to 350 per sons; aiid that, in addition, there should be library, committee, and reading rooms. As will be seen by our advertising columns the amount of funds, received and promised, stands at JS443 17s 6d; and hopes were expressed at the Committee meeting that strenuous efforts would be made to raise this sum tip to the amount of the Government subsidy—£500—as only monies will be supplemented that are actually raised* A. vote of thanks to the President for his liberal of fer brought proceedings to a close. The first of a series of essays, which had been announced to be given publicly at the Moonta Mines Reading Room, in connection with the Moonta Mines Mutual Iinprovemant and Debat ing Society, was delivered on Tuesday evening, Sept. 26,1871, by the Rev. SamU Knight. The chair was occupied by the President of the Society, H. R. Hancock, Esq. The Chairman having in-' troduced Mr Knight to the meeting, the rev. gen tleman entered upon his theme, which was entitl-' ed " The best course for making the Moonta Mines Reading Room and Mutual Improvement Asso ciation most popular and useful." In the course of his remarks the essayist advocated the exclusion, as a rule, of political and religious subjects from the debates of the Society, although he could not altogether object to those subjects being occasion ally entertained, provided they were treated in a dispassionate and becoming manner. His experi ence of Mutual Improvement Societies extended over some eight or ten years, and he had always found that the progress of such institutions was considerably retarded by theindiffe -ence to the sub jects debated upon too often exhibited by the youn ger members. He recommended to the members of the Moonta Association punctuality of atten dance, and in order to incite an interest in ihe proceedings of the Society it was desirable that the subjects brought forward should be attractive, and such as should involve some study on the part of every member. Another obstacle to the success of Mutual Improvement Societies was the diffidence felt by the younger members, to correct which he counselled the practice of engaging in debate. The essayist adduced interesting instances of gentlemen occupying leading positions in vari ous firms of eminence"in England, as well as of others who were celebrated in the world of science and art, whose parents were obscure, but who bad the wisdom to give their children a good educa tion. The rev. gentlemen denounced plagiarism in very humorous terms; deprecated desultoriness of study; and-strongly advocated the investigation of subjects having special reference to the dailj occupation of the members of the Association. The essay was replete with judicious coun sel, valuable suggestions and interesting informa tion, whilst the style was admirably lucid and at tractive. The rev. gentleman on resuming his seat was loudly applauded. A vote of thanks to Mr Knight was moved by CapirUeBbie, seconded by Mr Corpe, and carried by acclamation ; and a similar compliment proposed by Mr T. Davies and seconded by Mr Pryor, was accorded to the WeB leyan Choir, who, during the, evening, had given two or three selections of music in their accustom ed excellent manner. There was a pretty numer ous attendance, and it may be noted that the ad mission was free, and that there was " no collec tion." Advertisement. In the numerous and influential lists of members of Committee, to secure the return of William Storrie, Esq., to the Legislative Council— including the Mayors of nearly every corporation in the colony. There appears the name of Wil liam Knox Simrna, Esq., a gentleman who was himself requested to come forward as a candidate by a large number of electors. Mr Simms was one of Mr S tonics' proposers on the nomina tion day. - 