The Gippsland Time. "EXCELSIOR." TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1871. It may be doubted if the monthly records of the frightful war between France and Prussia, have supplied sadder details than those to hand by the present mail. We speak with pitiful feeling of the horrors of war, henceforth the page of history will chronicle, in the case of France at at least, those other horrors which have followed upon the peace con c •d with Ger-ane. -"e • weith point in td Freuii nationl char ' o , 'anitland lov of hymilitary & la fa penct n u ies-s n co i nt - feren a in these of theer naghgbi t , ,oy" ,iss. t-Aie gof Pr?sria inetimted iet the Fren ch cabinet tnihe of qL aeitz f i~on lm ed to the throne o ? wass one in rhich German s r little in-very terted, on byPru so far as Hio te a- estm's Gnme as cenned the absoute sube tensior3 of Prince BoaýZo were withdrawne eol, all pretehority for fsomrthe Sdismsti - do n o the srare of France ast entiely at an end; and the Paris forts, tempt. to pgas the Prussian cohuiet furtbeh was v-ery aturally taken as an Sintimation that ar wthe intendewar spod a They .have bad the war, and with it k du.s ter and humi'isthon enough, one ?a rold tin to shands of the natioemnal e, vanity and love of military dis " play for a century to come. and the rat o yigch can nlyte the rekont, what a heayo pric! .Ie garden of Mind l this it, aould s d ,..t swith eso a the field an elpr, though and l onefist inof the o ation of acthe ripr ith district of whorr, had his( the for herd, ould towns have saved Thions countrie) ad ceded to the conqeorst' fine of dthe nat00,00ion0,ionl sonoin, to be paid in three years--the march of the r into ail nonly erman to hom into the very ,a. heart of the capital-the military ocla oo paon byto Prussfind a ayf ou of the miser \- phtmd herseland the absolte sobjection 1ýof the people to asch authority for some itshed time to come-te surrender of the at costly armefihtin of ndthe Paris forts, ° and the forfeiture of. the war spoils brouht ninhamin the nds of he enemy, even the cost ohumiif- wi can only he reckoned n, atmional is sterli t no, ith despite all theeis it would t onc that with her Sreddenmpi witnte ani r country hm o l stfe, and t nobest city int old b ree w e pot.Europ hadprostrate, a thousand times braved death proee in the fiel, d arest, though nfort gottlest, in the confiscation of the pro defence of 31.the sieg is (that trbye 'o the national honou intact, aeheon- at drk the last-when historiny in warnings had be receiored a the shameful filment-wascre of the only man to whom the connunt rabbcold loand to find a way out of the iser whoand hadruin int hich sn the ghha plunged herself. The blood so freely againshed o the enemies of their countr _ Thisfers ains fightind undtiehe French tanSl, however disatis'uau -to her urine, \- brought no~aharn' to her flag; and Revon the humantion or an almois tohu \- shote. Oerals 'naccom ns abanied b Getional crieme lint nThomas-w, with thad pavemnentA of tlae onto proud capitatl reddened withthe ~s iiuiinrt streim of 1 civil strife, and tio noblest city in ley. Europo prostrate, for the time being, c-m under the rtonalt Guardrann of dred ng trepblican mob the instance of her 'cd prowess in the field areThey well nigh for gotten, and then lory of minuthers theroic defence during the siege is dimmed byspies, iS' foul blot on the national escutcheonAc cblot which will henceforth s ofmark that a. dark page in her-history in which shall \- be recordals sthe shameful mashosacre of an unarmed crowd byan insurgent rabble, and the hurried murder, without even the form of n trial, odf brae generals wh hadirseen foremost in the fkickinght against the enemies of their country. This fearful incident Quin the French Revolution of iMairch 1871 is thall reconrd fed:- m"In the first ecitement two generals ie'vei eized, and cruelly \- shot GeThomsnewasl Lest coards a fendoned by his troops, and thimken at ontmartre. uplGeneral Clement, Thomas- who had their commanded the Nafromti tnal Guards dr ing the wildlyge-was from seen among the gic crowd in plain clothes. They were Sfquickly dragTh gedbefore the Centhi hatl as- Committee In a few minutes they irs. were buteheredl .Two members of \- th Belgiand, and rece, hiso were broaveuglyt in wto be shot as spies, and escaped by First he recekinvedof their for teeth, witnessed the execution. Ac 't cording to them, 'the .members of the to. committee present insistod, that the or generals should not be shot;.but, not 'a withstanding this, direction, some Na Stional Gusrds,'someaobiles, and some with a v-olley. First ho receivcd one sho,and shook as he ere'rvd , lnt I be remain ed up O Then there was iasa another shot, d anot.her avulSion of the e ld mas's fr.t e, hs t Sill he se _as esec. An n sot after -aý - gwe, until the general at last fel for' . s:+l, bý is hand.. ýamt stoln 55 5 that 13 shots were fired. but al' del not ,p take elecs Then came General Le e -nte's turn, and death came toh bi lucre peedfly. He was pushed agina a waIl; he receivred two or three shots, an f ant his fall was pecuiar- . He threw 3 up is ands, and plu-nmged hea fore- ire most on the ground, as if he were ta- a ig a hbser into th~ ses At night led their bo.ies were exposed to the crowd, tL and on We?di- s y they were tihrown, of wrapped in a shrnd. into a diteh in wi the craintery of Montinstr Thee t have been ceLr and numero? s esn- tie tions of unnamed inlividualas General th Chanz was also arrested Lnd hldiy treated, and even now his life appzrs th to be in danger." In the brief space of three days it ac would appear the whole city rja at the mercy of an insurgent mob; the p troops of the line fraternised with the A 3[obiles, and the 1ýational Guas--ho ty during "the war: were ste greatest a bsawler and the most- nimble in 9- a treat-made common cause with oth. Thus, the peaceably disposed and the friends of order were awed into silence, 7 and the Government bad to beat a hasty and ignominious retreat to Ver ailies, in the court-yard of which palace as if in cruel mockery is erected < a monument dedicated "To all. the glories of France." If those national I r virtues which really make a people Sreat are to be successfully cultivated in the futare--if France is ever to nmake for herself a history which shall n record the true "glories" of her ~children-she must lea' to exalt the it good men of the Tnras stamp, rather e than those vain-glorious adventurers, who all the while professing peace, are ~ eternally plotting war. The closing adene in the French hatrional As o s sembly on the ratifiction of the Treaty of Peace is thus touchingly related by I d Thiers again ascended the tribune, " it was truly heartrending to witness or- the old man's grief and motions. If I ae) a single chance he said, ' of man of twining the struggle with success, never would I have imposed upon my t- self the great grief of signing this ery treaty. It is the greatest sorrow of \- my life.' Here his voice was choked Sby agitation, and tears ran down his cheeks. I saw numbers of persons sne greatly affected, among them the Pre the sident of the Chamber. There was a burst of sympathising applause. '*We oils must have the courage of our misfor' my, tunes,' said Thiers. ' I ask" the 'nod Chamber to vote loyally, according it pit its conscience and its heart; but, Tim plore you, no false patriotism, no weak ness,' In a speech which he subse math something y respect for the truth.' not - Pro- The mail for England and the East, wil true dose at the Sale Post Office on Thursday seen the 18th inst. For registered letters at stry p.m.; ordinary letters, ra Southampton am 'wed Brindisl, 7.15 p.m.; newspspers, via South o at amoton and Brindisi, 7.15 p.m. Monet ha orders payable i the United Kinsuglm wit t .be issed up to 3 p.m. on Thursday. lost night there was a display of the aurora Australis, which for a abort timn eely was very fine, and couldbe faintly tracd a the the evening in the southern and eastern sky. and As usual, after these magnetic disturbances we may look out for rough unsettle: and weather. to- The rivers although not at full flmod. are by very high in consequence of the late rains the The old ricketty bridge at Heyfield has sen cit' 'mbe~ at last. - On Friday it was washed n of away, the only wonder being that it stood a i long.' We have 'not 'bhard of the wate ing, overflowing the banks anywhere. red We were unable to procure thecaau e lief her for the sitting of the County Court on Wed for- neslay,'as no list is published, nor do the roi offiers of the court know themselves till a the morning of the day the court meets. hat There are (says the Age) no lees than 700( ball Crown grants for land under the act of I819 an lying in the Titles office ! Such an accamn. ble, lation is not accounted for by Mr Macpher. mon son, baut he says that he will remedy the rats evil by ordering the grants to be forwarded ght to the varios land officers in the districts try for which they have been issued. Why has rch he, it may be asked fair?y, left it for a pri. hns rate member to make a discovery so fraught ent with public interest to large a section of fly the public. ted Our readers.will .be glad to know that tre. intimation has reached Mr Carpenter, the sad contracter, for, the works at the Lakes En. '-r. trance, that the Government has provided a he sm on the Estimates of the current year era for another section of his contract. The ml works are progressing very satisfactorily; ley the cutting through the sand haniiock for of the eastern groyne havingbeen carried as far ere as safety will permit, until the piling ia ie, sufrficientlyalvaiincd to protect the excavr. eir tion. The inspect'ingengtneer, who recently kc- viosied the groutind, lis' omiiedided' that the the flooring of' the pier e thrus feot, the sI u it is feared that at the)evel hown on the 'ot- plan, a south-easterly gale wonld2e e 'a- the' surface of the structure to" the heavy eso waeh of the sea, and perhaps carry the sis planking away bodily. ..The additional ng height can easily be providedl for without ek entailing saoy difficult altration by sfightly ill lehgthening the piles yet' to be driven, and o- Ithe incline thui createdJ, epread: over' the tw whole Jength of the pier, will scarcel heW ed notired. 'dIr Carpenter appearatio biuah. he ing forward the work with enegy_.and a apirito, and there can be no doubt atall that rg he will carry out the contract with thorough. r, ness and eticiency, ahounld the (overnment cy decide opon finishidng thie plan cordig to .st the recommendations of 'Mr WardilL' A at number of extra hainds, eugaged by Mir tIt MIr Carpenter in Melbourne, passed through co Sale on Saturday on thelr' way to the eLakes. We are gla her tht the Sal ar , ia sea si d a? r s ' t i ru " the ? en he S4th of May. Mr eAldesd a powerf as anr ar adct are of as der, and to hs mrdit S is must be aid they w always to be ass i d5Peth d pe in-the use of chaity. .im This tertalareatill, it is trobe wirsed.! who be largelyt attended in eIr to art the aA mata in wic h MI r Afleater is held as pe t an unaamrs t and good dt L rW War RdsO Connmime in leaen, ,,-.- T .3 t, utscrslbed in Sale for the eeot deas of the ? k and ounded of bth armies- It deb wall be in the reoletic n of oarre-talei th at Qn this mm was raised in I enabseriptious some ya= time ag, andIthe faet was to be notifid in sue the L?a o T7emsaca. Ge isr. Cobb and Co. have gveon notice the that their oaches for ldboi rne will leaves s Sale at aa.m intes ? of 5.3') un farther fac notice. r pe A new desiptAi of apgasauil for dip- the ping borne. has been tr-iel(says the Ccc oalp dca odeerrfims) withfn the f day or two at s street o implement is of sag annlO thejib i sad~- isn fn- tio t do it. wmrt.l A neatly, .uxedtisly. and cffecttvly. It W can be iCsh d b anyone, and requires no sktiL .s The blade coers a surfae of three inches, r and by the motion of e ofp o andhs to thehair is removeds close t tthe kis uth- c out the slightest dagger or injury. Thea v operation is performnd by means of two G rows of fine teeth moved by mensof the rI 1 handle in contrary directions. ir. Hole t states that aman i lip a h-,ror in t d the ore o a tday, wirh the ad d this wt Sinstrument. Sceptical people believe that as this Scounury is Eo new, and our ruins so modern, .vertable ghosts have otc yet been aeoli-ir tised. GecrG ng which never will be beaten in anything, has, o behalf of Victoria, how. C ever, snmpplied its reitnari, and the headleesa . trooper of the 'Old San Plain" in Sew Sleuth Wales baa become a matter of local Lhr istory. Sonth:Auntraia now ems with a modern edition of eifde Jao'r. The Crider TiTer satates that in the lively neigbohr t h ooed of Onetree il, qiet practical farmers aver their having en a wierd taneem team da?- h cross rods and through fenri , with Saot finding- thati? ,t are ohat?eles to or Sdirly horses and vehicles, at all obMetrut his the progress of these light-bodied beasts and of thir shadowy trap. here the team com ed from, or goes to, on what kind of ethereial his at and bay the nays are fed, may be worth ois ascertaining, and what can be the object of 're these" loamin" trips through an otherwise s a reputable district woslI form good subjeels We Tfr inquiry. for- The persona who arrived in the coloss by the sa during tse mouth of March nUmberesi to ,735. Tho who left in the same period im- were l,t3. tk- n amesded goes elaseslcaaos and tariff e- of goods charged on the V ?atnian Railways \- . ,P- ;, o .,- r..-.r. The list of the I ferent tariffs, would nearly fill a age of a oewlpaper. - - . It will be noticed by our report that a will general meeting of the North Gipilaosd day Agriulurl and PasBal Society sill be at L held on Saturday next as Viahars'a hotel. and Foster street. nth. The School of Art progreses steadily at ane"y the Sale School room. Nearly thirty pupils will are now enrolled, ad u the classes are be coming popular, that number in all probe. the buty will be greatly increased. Accounts for the undermentioned persons lie at the Receipt and Pay Office, Sale ,-S. Boyd, P. Boland, J. J. Cahill, T. Coto, E.J. Coleman, C. F. Chapman, P. Duval, J. Flint, A. Glass, J. Hardy, J. C. Hawn, A. W. Howitt, S. Hodder, B. Johnson, W. Lloyd, A. Morrison, M Markley, A. McGil livray, S. McWilliam, S. Nichol, O. Sullivan J. G. Peers, M. Rice. Robertson, Wagner, and Co.; P. Reilly, W. Rods, D. Sayer, C. Seehusen, W. T. Speed, R. Sears, J. Travis A. F. Walker, J. Widdowson, C. Walker, J. Young. The young woman Thompson, who was so cruelly burnt with vitriol by the man Mar. tin. has now quite recovered from the effects of the corrosive acid, and without many mark being left on her face. She has been discharged from the hospital. Mr W. Phipps, Clerk of Courts at Omeo has been grzetted as Deputy Sheriff at the same locality. It is notified in the Government Gazette, that Wurruk Wurruk has been made a polling.plaoe for the Western Division of the Electoral District of North Gippsland. There seems to be a difficulty to which shire is responsible for the cost of taking care of the unfortunate lunatic woman Sperry. Senior Constable Jessie brought the case under the notice of the police magistrate the yesterday, who was unable to decide at the time, to which shire she was chargable. The woman was arrested in the middle of the river -on the boundary in fact-and it will be no easy matter to decide, which shire will have to be responsible for her safe for keeping. The scale of fees payable under the County Court Statute 1869 is gazetted. We (writes the Argus) learn that the loss lately sustained by the Victoria Meat. preserving Company (Limited) by the recent fire which took place at their factory, has been promptly met by the Victoria Insuranrce Company, the claims amounting to over £2,900,having been settled in full. As the the chief los consisted of preserved meets, the a couqpany will be in a position to commence out work in a few days and will soon be in full tly operation again. - md Mr. Pettit reports that the wort in con. the mnion with- the re?smoral of the Latrobo bar he are making fair progress. BUlt little more at tha half the coiitract remains to be done, ad isbifthus far'the excavations muad have sat been carried onut in strict accordance with 1h. the 'plan. Should no mishap oc:ur, we may t expect to have the Melbourns steamers and to the ashoolers coming up to the toll gate in A time for the sunmer tratlic, and thus will dr have been accomplished the first anud tmost gh importanet instalment of the good fortune he which is shortly, we hope, to umake Sale a port of entry. early four years, leit onWedneay last for [ albnru, whee we belieea he intae?n to n a the e e bnsiness. Mr Domma sea, writes the Ce ad4 have gained far -a the res heret d e may of evey oe ro had the piesre of hkberne ainnao sod we fetd artain that we are cinly ax diL r n g the feelide tin i? rdeat rogret his drfartare. and wish him oo tinned suncers wherever he may go. The incoaveniinbe of there being no offrial asogone reideot in Ginopalad, was clearly shown at the meetings f proof of debts in insolvnet estates, held before Mr Qinsn. Chief Clerk, t the Cooty Court yesterday. ote of the inttio to hbold such maetings being pbshsbed only in the Ge-w Om', scarcely anyc+ knew they would take place (in some mcae the in solvetas themscres were ionorant of the fast By the roles, proof of de-bt. it ap pears, mst be seat to the opSial asi-eriee in te estae at least rteve doys le'cre the date fied for the meeti:- ; lbt as the ar signees reside in Melbone, it was j te ''eetios in the estates of Jame. Atkinin, dol Bondas-sah. farmer, and Wiiam Wilkinson Litdial. of Sale. eurveyor, rere adjornmed to the 't5th inst., to admit of the proofs being sent clerk. In three other clse, neither insol Sents nor creditors appeare It is time the r Government appointed mome gentleman resident in Sale, to the othee of ocial amssgnese, and thas pot an end to the rera tion and delay camsed by the present In s workable arrangement. Mr. Johnetone. of F?ter strset, has a handed to the Clerk of Petty Semions at , Sale £1 Is9-. amount of a verdict obtained .by bin against a .ebtor, in the Polee CourL n The following is on the anthority of the r Gee?ng Eprrss;-Traellers now-a-days ra scarcely consider it neceasa to cary w weapons for self-defence whilst so rose al from Mell?ume to Geelog, hot such a pre a caution would appear to be neessary from cr the following :- On Sunday. last, Mr Trevr, r- agent for Mir Sinmonsen, hring started in rs his baggy for this town, got bogged shortly n after passing the Flemingtoo Raoeoours. b Haring dismounted hbe made endeavors to r- extricate the vehicle, and whilst so doing set was joined by two men, who rendered effec nd tire service in its release. imme.siately "a after, Mr Trevor foound himself zed rio sat lently from behind --an attempt being made .th to pinion his arms--and he was thrown to of the ground. A desperate struggle ensued. tse during which Mr Trevor sustained some eta ugly knocks, and distributed a few in rotors. Hi~ ontride pockets were ritea but, forth. by nately, his determine reistance prevented ?-a further ontrage, and be was therefore en Sablel to seare a sum of money he had on hid at the time, alas to destroy a cheque for LlO0 between his teeth. The assailants bharing made offn Mr Treror e-entered the taps vehicle and proceeled on his joourney. As the m d haer' if a yan Uctay, sal i s a s??au uleratiy with ]Ir Treror's duties, that gentleman dil .t a not stay to give infsrnstio the police at the time. - had _ _ 