FI RB. . AiioÚT twenty minutes past t o'clock' on last Saturday forenoon, a Aro broho out ia tb chimney of house No. 1, Fowlcr's-equaro, occupied bys ian named Watson Monk man. Somo of tho mombersof ho Insurance Brigade ox tingulsbed tho fire with a haid-pump. Tho building is th» property of Mr. J. Donovan, Woollomooloo. A fow minutes to six o'ebek on Saturday afternoon, Mr. James Toohoy, landlord of the Land bf the Wost publio houso, 107,, Purramatta-slnot, was in the act of lighting tho lamp over tho front dóirof his premises, whon a flame, through an escape, melted a' portion of tho gaspipo, and increased to such an extern ns to threaten to bo serious. A member of tho Insurance' 3iigade passing at tho limo lont his assistance, nnd the fire ws quickly extinguished. No j alarm was given. . í At 6.46 p.m. on tho samtcènfog a fire took place ia tho chimney of tho house of Mi. .'ames Marshall, of 134,Goul burn-strcet, Bevoral mermen of the Insurance Brigade made for tho spot with a hmd-pump, but tho fire was al- most wholly extinguished bífero their arrival. At 10.20 p.m on the snmi evening, a fire'broke out in some weatherboard promisotuièd as a store by Mr. Patrick Bowes, grocer, and situated ot'tho new Sonth Head Read, near Darling Point. This 'sttro contained a quantity of hay, straw, and kerosene Skorlly after tho commencement of tho fire, tho flames were vhihe in tho city; and tho aUrm bells of the various fire statioa wore quiokly rung. The No. 2 Volunteer Fire Companywith their engine was tho firBt to arrive at the spot, followed in succession by ths in enranco firemen, with their manual, and tho members of tho Roj al Alfred Fire Company. In consequence of tho in- flammable nature bf the contents of Hr. Bowes' store, the Hames spread with great rapidity, and what added to the calamity was tho fact that no water was procurable. There was, however, no scarcity bf sond_ àbont, and previous to tho arrival of the firemen, tho neighbours had begun with Bhovols to pile up tho sand, and scatter it on tho filmes. With tho assistance'of the insurance firemen, and those of tho Nd. 1 Volunteer Fire Company, relieving oach othor by turns, the shed was soon almost completely covered with eand. By this meanB tho fire was (mothered, and prevonted from communicating with tho front grocery shop. Tho shed was, however, almost totally consumed. The origin of tho fire is'not known. Tho promises are tho property of Mrs. White, of tho White Conduit public-houso. Tba pre ruñes oro not insured. This lost-mentioned fire mado a total of 41 calls for the month of September-a number far in excess of any othor month sinco tho' establishment of tho Insurance Firo Brigade. Tho numbers for August and July lost,-27 and 28 respectively-wero »Iso lar in excess of tho average. Fortunately, ¿ono of these mils wero to firos ontaib'ng any very serious loss of propory.. 'A few minutes after ll oclock, yistorday, it was reported that a fire had broken ont a tho shqi of Mr. Jonoa, tailor, of Bridge-Etrect, between Gergo andPitt streets. Tho Uro, which had broken-out in ho chimisy of Mr. Jones' house, had been, through the defctive condtion of tho brickwork of tho chimnoy, communittted to ho adjoining shop occupied by Mr. Cumming poulters-; in which it sot fire to a cu>bonrd on the stairs/ Tho No. ! Volunteers, who war* the first to arrive, directe thoir efforts at extinction from tho lower part of tho pimises. Tie Insuranco Aromen, who wero soon after o) tho spot, cut out tho dofectivo brickwork, and tho burrilgportionsof the cupboard, which oppeared to bo tho Beat 6 tho firo. Other members of tho Insuranco Brigade WOT ably assisted on'tho roof of thu building by several watr-pohcomen.; It is 'believed that both shops aro insured ii the SydaeyOfllce ; tho stock ia Mr. Cummins' shop ii fiat insured It is not known, whether Mr. Jonee' Btocis insured o not. Ten minutes after m-day yesterdry, tho chimney of 1 a house, :25, EBBt-8treet,ofF CampbelUtroet, Surry Hills, caught fire. Tho flameifere oxtinguisted by tho throwirur on^of a few bucketful of water. îoveral membors of the Insuranco Firo Brade were proseit. SÚFREME COTJJ'.-Master's. Office.-Business This Day : At 2 p.t, Hosking v. Mtcholl (2285), ad j owned evidence. ? j NEW SOUTH WALES AMATEUR CHRISTY MINSTRELS.-This company of Christy Minstrels gave a highly successful entertainment on Saturday evening in the hall of the School of Arts, which was filled to over- flowing. The several songs and choruses in the first part, of the programme were admirably rendered. This may also be said of those items in the second part. Mr. T. Rogerson sand for the first time, a character song, " Happy Jim", which was very well received. Mr. Oaten, whose skillful playing on the concertina is well known, favoured the audience with several solos on that instrument, principal feature in the entertainment was a Golden Shoe Dance, by Messrs. Poulter and Mitchell. The last piece in the programme was "The Ghost in the Pawn Shop," an Ethiopian farce. Mr. Lot Mannix acted as musical director. PEOPLE'S CONCERT.-After b eiag discontinued for a short ijod, tho weekly conoe rts given in the Tem» pcrasco H*We resumed on S aturday evening. The audience ws'ess numerous than usual, probably owing to the threaten aspect of the weather. Mr. Alderman Roseby preed, and briefly or pressed his gratification at being caUeipon to take part "m an entertainment of such a first-ciosrder as those ir'ivon by the Sons of Temper- ance, whiworo so caleula» ed to afford gratification and pleasure- < those who intended them. The following vocalisUà part in tho concert, viz. :-Messrs. Andrew FsufaXjCkland, and .V. Clifton, and Mies James and Miss Waoan, tho programme comprising a varied aoleo tion of .«gs, duets,, and quartettes. Mrs. Caldwoll dis charget'ihe dutios, of accompanist with . her wontedi ability «id also played a duet with her young daughter/ on theuiofortos Tho National Anthem closed the enter-j tainmt, ' j I' 