THE GOLD-FIELDS. Har. END. The Times of the 21st states that during ft) past fortnight the prospects of several claims have much improved. The United Miners (Specimen Gully) wMi sinking, came upon better looking stone than any yet met with, which circumstances has given increased value to other claims northward and southward of them. The Marquis a Lone Company had a small crushing of surface stuff, tata at about 16 feet down. There was very little stone in it, not more than 8 tons : yield 5 oz. 15 dwts. Good depth fa what is wanted all about the neighbourhood of the Roi . Hill, on most of the companies are sinking as fast as they can. In Paxton and Co's claim, a trial crushing from vein or reef eighteen inches thick, and not previously worked here, gave 1 oz. 15 dwts. per ton.; this will materially advance the value of the ' claim. Some of the lease claims on the top of the and, on the eastern boundary of the old claims, lately cut now or more leaders, ODO of which, in Vickery and Co.'s claim, looked well. These indications are encouraging to da owners, and improve their prospects. About half-way ' down Hawkins' Hill, Brand and Fletcher, was siming, come upon better looking stone than any yet found W them ; the position of this ground is very good A" ' claims between Brand, Fletcher, and Krohmann s as vigorously sinking or tunnelling for the main votes, to 4. to cut them at a suitable depth ; all claims south of England Fletcher's, down the hill towards Oakey Creek, and beyond it, are also constantly at work sinking or damage with the like object in view, and with an almost cc'W of success, provided they persevere. The prospeotsottos block claims south of Oakey Creek are very encounter in, depth only being wanted to make them successful Many gentlemen from Sydney have put in an apparent here lately, and I hope others will follow their example it is more satisfactory to all parties when investors' many of them as possible, come and see for themselves The United Reefers are now in their third contract, and will shortly commence driving. A report was current in Mudgee this week that gold had been struck in the JW is Time and South Hawkins hill claims. We cannot W any corroboration. The Frenchman's claim is rainfalls stone, as are also the adjoining claims. The tunnel in w Northumberland Company is reported to be in a year. _>_ 5 _..._: i...-_%...* times none is srvTUiT ana ¿vuwsiuuruu are KILLED HIS Ossa, --. are all the other claims on this celebrated ride, into consider Company, Sargent's Reef, are on slate, and trap every day to cut the reef. Their comont did notices expectations, it is supposed in cowoquoBCO on 'IT J ground being stripped for crushing. We ravenous whether another trial crushing will be made. in" nothing of importance to add to our last account or runs to Sailor's Gully. We hope that the pigs LUIS M'Gowan'B Hill (after the prospectors) instead of H»*»J Hill, as at present. If this is not done, ET»'«PS and possible chicanery will be the result. About 20 leases have been applied for, and the ground is pegged for a long distance along the line. ." GUI-OONO.-The Guardian's report of the 21st ' ( under The depressing influence of the ««"",( Currajong rush, the want of rain, and the Boydtown \--event, likely to afford employment to the claim any SAe sail ed in the dulness that has prevailed helD miner, gave it a very quiet one. definition in mining ventures is but a ghost of the past, Steam not revive Still something like a substantial pay 'IworkmUTs discovered, for which happy result many îUe.Zifewtry. The long and anxiously expected rain cannot yet come, much to the disappointment of Theodore 5f washing-machines, whose supply of water is being dJ5l* used up, those situated on Reedy Creek on ,0p,dly used UP, to ally talked of during the week sawn tilCaledonian, which is situated on the ba^mboMdar/of Rouse's 4000 acre paddock. A claim WOMEN left the paddock has bottomed on payable. taX 116 feet, and a trial washing of eight loads yielded PSCR load. The prospectors of the Caledonian have 2,0Z'i"t(nZdoBhaftot 118 feet, and are currently be sooner the same lead of gold. No. 12 N. on this estates, and obtaining payable prps as.. WWPD he had the effect of raising the drooping A of holders, and giving an impetus teaspoon spirits of Lady". J. expressed opinion that the Cale yon- Y.er, home to make. On the Canadian lead there ?"'».WiAwnent, though the road is not extend "e th hit Dress that is naturally expected from the saw The great depth of washdirt in the stone gold sends to the belief that a long continuous fad will be proved to exist, and though private Trix Mrs the way, many are determined that the O'ysha bathe roughly ted. At Rapp's Gully mining Suffers are rather quiet, consequent on the want of rain to the dams now erected, and set the puddling machines 6 ingto editorials large paddocks of washdirt that are to on the claims on gold This locality is much weight of. and some hundreds have settled down, determined to wait until a plentiful supply of water will enable tom to thoroughly test their claims. There are a couple of sorties prospecting for reefs in the range from which the "fly has received its gold, so far without reporting a find. So Black Lead, No. 183. has bottomed, but not on told the party are now driving westerly, and fully expect to He able to hoist the flag in a few days.' No 31 N. has 219 bottomed off the gold, being much too shallow The intervening claims between these numbers are all now going through the basalt rock, but do not calculate on pricking the bottom for the next five or six weeks. Litigation is still the order of the day on the Happy Valley lead, and likely to be so until a more workable set of regulations ever enacted. The frontage system has not been an unmixed blessing on this gold- field On the Helvetia, Star of the South, and other leads in their vicinity there is nothing to report The prospectors of the Durham lead have raised funds by public sub- . scription to erect a whim on their claim, to enable them to more effectively contend with the water and test the value of their ground, which many experienced men think will prove right. Population is still pouring in from Sydney, indnsveiyfeworo leaving for Currajong, the streets are gradually assuming their old crowded aspect, though not so much as formerly. EMU CitHER. On the 21st, the Mining Record says : We have little this week to report from the two rushes that have for the last few weeks created so much excitement among our mining friends here. From the Bushman's our reports are not very satisfactory, the load as we hinted at in our last issue, has turned out very patchy and as yet has not fulfilled the rather too sanguine opinions that were formed of it. It has not in any way justified the rush that it has created, although from the nature of the ground we are hopeful of something good being dead yet. At Billy's Lookout nothing of any interest has occurred during the week, and the excitement LOB cooled down a good deal. By next week we expect. to be able to give Borne definite account of the prospects of this field. As regards reefing matters in Grenfell we are glad to say, our prospects are still brightoning. From Messrs. Robinson and party who are working the ten-acre lease on Lawson's reef, we learn that they have had a crushing from some " duffer " stone, part of a lot of 200 tons now lying on the claim, which went 8 dwts. per ton. Our reports from the rnathincB this week are as follows :-Mr. Vaughan's is still engaged on Tuff and party's stone from the Homeward Bound No. 1 north, end expect to clean up next week, the stone promises very well. Mr. Cunningham's machine has finished a lot of 160 tons, from the White Rose roof; No. 1 gave a total yield of 69 oz. 16 dwts, A small lot of 16 tons from the Evening Star reef, Tyagong, went 15 dwts. per ton, and 33 tons of refuse stone from the While Rose, prospecting, went 7 dwts. per ton. Messrs. Bevan and Hopkirk are on a large lot of splendid- looking stone, from the Homeward Bound reef, which is expected to go fully 2 oz. per ton. Mr. Swann's machine is engaged on a lot of stone from the Band of Hope reef (Ley and party), which is turning out exceedingly rich. They have put through 18 tons of stone, and the result already got in cleaning up from the pans alone is about 182 oz. of amalgam. They have about 60 tons of stone to put through yet, and expect to be finished on Tuesday. CvmiAJONO.-In the Forbes Times of the 21st, the Currajong correspondentEays^-Of mining matters have to report that the prospector have commenced washing, and the remit at present has been over half an ounce to the load. This washing must not however be taken as a criterion of the value of the dirt, as a great deal of duffer stuff has been included, which was taken in opening out and proving the direction of the gutter. The men themselves are quite satisfied, and I believe the result of the next washing will tell a different tale. At the north end No. 1 were down over sixty feet with their new shaft, and expect to be bottomed about Saturday. No 2 were driving, and were about 13 feet in the gutter. They are getting first-rate dirt, and a prospect from a dish of dirt washed the previous evening was shown to me, in which there was fully 11 dwt. of nice shotty gold. No. 3 have commenced blocking out, and can see the gold in the dirt as thick as ever No. 4 are engaged driving under the wash to and the opposite side of the gutter, but from a piece of dirt which flaked off the roof of the drive, they washed 5 dwts. They have christened their claim " On again," a cognomen which, from the antecedents, admits of a dual interpretation. No. 6 obtained prospects of 1 dwt. to the dish when they bottomed, and have since been engaged rigging a derrick, fencing in the hope walk, putting a shed over the shaft, &c.; Almost all on gold have expended a good deal of time, trouble, and expense in putting their claims into thorough working order thus proving their faith in the payable nature of the dirt. No. 6 are getting good gold and are opening out. About half a dish of dirt, in which the reef predominated, was brought to the surface while I was present, and was thickly studded with gold. It was afterwards washed and yielded over a dwt. It was thought, however, that it should have gone a great deal more, and that some must have been lost in the wash- ing, which, considering that the water in which it was washed was of the colour and almost consistency of pea soup, is not at all unlikely. It is a great drawback having no good water close at hand to wash prospects, as it may often lead to unpayable dirt being included in the wash, and perhaps good dirt being thrown away. I heard on very good authority that No. 19 had got on payable gold at a depth of 60 or 62 foot. No. 17 are sinking a fresh shaft, as although they got prospects of 1 dwt. and 15 dwt, in their last, they had reason to believe. that they were not on the gutter. The intermediate claims have not succceded in finding the deep ground but are actively prosecuting their search. On, the South end Nos. 12 and 3 seemed quite satisfied with their prospects. No. 1 will commence washing to-morrow (Friday) and have about 50 loads, I believe, to grass; so that we may expect to hear the result early in next week. No. 4 are busily driving, but have not yet struck the gutter, neither has No. 6, but No. 6 continue to get first-rate prospects ; I heard as much as 2 owls, to the dish. Below 6 they are still looking for the gutter, but as yet none of them have succeeded in finding it, although it has been rumoured more than once that some of the lower numbers have obtained good prospects. Some of the block claims about the prospectors and other numbers who have taken their ground, are hard at work, and a party is sinking for a run in the direction that the North end was first marked out ; they are down eighty-five feet and not bottomed. I could not hear of anything worth reporting from any of the outlying prospecting parties, I heard that the prospectus of a quartz-mining company was likely to be shortly issued, and one or two parties are engaged searching for payable reefs. [Friday, 9 p.m. We have just heard from undoubted authority that No. 1 South have washed 12 oz. to twenty-two loads, and have not cleaned up the machine. BrEDBO. The Monaro Mercury of Saturday observes that the removal of the Iron Duke crushing machine from Major's Creek to the Bredbo Reefs will be acceptable to the miners of that locality, and proves that the proprietors of the machine have every faith in the permanent vitality, and prosperity of the reefs already opened. There can scarcely be a doubt but that the presence of a crushing machine on the scene of operations will lead to the further development of the place. We are informed by Mr. P. Connolly, of Connolly's Reef, that an offer has been made by a Sydney firm Messrs. Lawrence, Tyler, and Co. to bring a second machine on to the ground. It is doubtful whether, at present, sufficient stone could be raised to keep two machines going; and, as the Iron Duke machine left Major's Creek on Monday last, it would be premature to induce the advent of a second machine. No doubt, as the locality becomes more developed, one machine will not be enough. A new reef has been struck, not far distant from that now being worked. At Connolly's Reef, the miners continue 4 s s songs and gave a area qoMitity on the surface At the Clifton Reef from thirty to fifty tons of stone have been raised ; but operations are suspended till of last crush £ffib<\haa' ll what we are told by s' or"' stone crushed when the machine is in order. Operations Vi' yet to be renewed in the claims adjoin the T> 77 VtpweUmf claim, Connolly's ' Reef. ItoJjrqtdttood Monitor of the same date says A now AIT»*6'v.w?l f<Td of the h<>SinainË of last week, Two a half miles north of the prospector's claim SA vf copper mine- It was d'««»«»«* by Mr. Cole's on shareholders in the prospecting claim. It is situated «J£*w1n,,oi-ahigl1 ""Island on the watershed of a ZS^^btatoXumaMigu. Thereof on the Mt w about two feet wide, and is in granite country, in a,., Taken from the surface which are been crushed in too mortar went at the rate of about two ounces to the forBr^h maize is to start from Major's Creek for T?r«5iT *""i"'"° » w> "ran from majors Creek I roses 10s Monday next, U beiDS intended to take forSbI?v,UDe<ai5ore'^d U is expected to be a of 7Ä?thV0ad- The Prospectors are sanguine obey orders life th°-8t0n-° they have at STS «mStew Straw Lr~t,lrKnB out very well- Mr- DaniolJSole, owner of the machine, as well as his brow RP Act,' holde«^V7í,macllteo.aa^V?9hisl>rotnílr! are SW result nftnv,"^° profiting .«J*5*- We shall await the miniftlîiîft* crofiDg is much interest- Although States 1 ontLno8Pl<»did results anticipated a uns ojBtrict, the thorough prospecting of which this, and neighbouring districts are being subjected will eventually make reefing an important industry in this quarter, and when that time comes it will be to the enterprise of such men as Mr. Cole and Messrs. Solo that such results, achieved in the face of numerous difficulties, will be due. 