GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. Approved Claims for Undefined Pre-emptive Leases. — It is notified that under tho provisions of tho Crown Lands Occupation Act of 1861, claims for pre- emptive lonsos have hoen made by tho persons enumerated in tho subjoined list, in right of tho several portions of land thorein referred to, and have been approved subject to tho conditions set forth in the regulations of 1st November, 1861. 2. Applicants nro reminded tbat tho ronts of the lands in question for tho half-year commencing on tho 1st of July, 1871, must be paid to the agent for tho sale of Crown lands of tho district in which thoy nro situated, or to the Treasurer in Sydnoy, within two months from this dato. 3. Tho ront of looses in virtuo of tho undermentioned frooholds, is nt tho rnto of £1 por lot pov annum, for all lots not oxceoding 320 acres, nnd at tho rnto of £2 por soction per annum for all lots above that aren. Tho sums boroundor shown nro those which must thoroforo bo paid for tho lots. Tho re- nownl of ront for 1872 of any of those leases must bo paid in tho month of Septombor next, nnd will of eourso bodoublotho amount specified in tho annexed schedule. district op gundagai. Jam os M'Alister, Jugiong, 180 acres, rent 10s., county of tucclouch, parish of Enndarbo. Patrick Bniloy, Binnlong, 120 acres, ront 10s., county of Bucelouch; parish of Nonangroe. Thomas Givtioy, Gundagai, 300 acres, ront 10s., county of Buccleuch, parish of Darbnlara. Charlos H. Givnoy, Tumut, 330 acres, rent 10s., county of Buccleuch, parish of Darbnlara. John Franks, Jngiong, 600 acres, ront 18s. 9d., county of Harden, parish of Cooney. Henry J. Dunn, Gundagai, 180 acres, rent 10s., county of Wynynrd, parish of Ellorslie. John Clnrko, Gundagai, 200 acres, rent 10s., county of Wynynrd, pnrish of Mundarlo,. district op queanbeyan. Jnmos Mooro, Quoanboynn, 120 acres, rent 10s., county of Murray, parish of Uriolla. John Brown, Quoanboynn. 300 ncres, ront 10s., county of Murray, parish of Googong. Patrick Conlton, Gininderra, 300 ncros, rent 10s„ county of Murray, parish of Wallaroo. Donald Cnmoron, Gininderra, 224 acres, rent 10s., county of Murray, parish of Gininderra. district op tumut. James Sullivan, Tnmnt, 300 acres, rent 10s., county of Wynynrd, pnrish of Ilindinarsh. district of wagga wagga. Goorgo Wnyo, Wnggn Wnggn, 150 ncres, ront 10s., county of Bourko, pnrish of Kockibitoo. Robert Chenoy, Tarcuttn, 258 ncros, rent 10s., county of Wynynrd, parish of Humnla. Hugh Graham, Wngga Wnggn, 177 acres, ront 10.'., county of Mitchell, parish of Yarra- gundry. Hugh Graham, Wngga Wngga, 392 acres, rent 12s. 3d., county of Wynynrd, parish of Rownn. Catherine Troy, Wngg Wngga, 300 acres, rent 103., county of Wynynrd, parish of Grogndo. district op yass. Duncnn Mncfnrlnne, Ynss, 180 acres, ront 10s., county of Cowley, parish of Onvnn. Samuel Starr, Gunning, 520 acres, rent 16s. 3d., county of King, parish of Dixon. Jnmos Watmnn. Orookwoll, 360 ncros, ront lis. 3d., county of King, parish of Crookwoll. Benjamin Rixon, Gullon, 210 acres, ront 1.0s., county of King, parish of Grabbon Gullen. James Connoll, Ynss, 240 acres, rent 10s. /connty of Murray, parish of Joir. district op young. Chnrlos Coopor, Cootnmundrn, 360 acres, rent lis. 3d., county of Bland, Nurruburra Creole. John Maddon, Young, 360 acro9, rent lla. 3d., county of Montoagle, at tho Seven-mile rush. Approved Claims for Depinbd Pre-emptivb Leases. — It is notified that under tho provisions of tho Crown Lands Occupation Act of 1861, claims for pro-omptivo loasos havo beon made bj tho persons enumerated in the subjoinod list, in right of tho sovoral portions of land thorein referred to andhnveboonnpproved snbjoct to tho conditions sot forth in tho regulations of 1st November, 1861. 2. Applicants aro reminded, that nnloss tho ronts of tho lands in quostion, for tho hnlf-yoar commencing on the 1st July, 1871, bo paid to tho agent for tho salo of _ Crown lands of tho district in which thoy nro situated, or to the Treasurer in Sydnoy, within two months from this dnte, it will bo imperative, nndor the 12th clnnso of the Act nnd tho 7th of the Rcgula-. tions, to submit for sale by auction tho leases of such of those lands as may remain unpaid for. 3\. Tho ront ofleasos in virtuo of the undermen tioned freeholds is at the rate of £2 por Bection por annum. Tho sums hereunder shown aro those which must thoroforo bo paid for the lots. Tho renewal of rent for 1872 of any of thoso leases must bo pnid in tho month of Soptember next, and will, of eourso, bo double tho amount specified in the annexed schedule. Tracings may bo seon at tho different local land offices district op wagga wagga. Willinm P. Faithful, Goulbtirn, 3 portions of 640 acres each, ront of each £l ; 1 portion of 880 acres, rent £1 7s. 6d. ; 1 portion of 737 acres, ront £1 3s. Id., county of Mitchol), parish of Bi'owarrena. district op yass. William Joseph Grogan, Yass, 960 acres, rent £1 10s., county of Harden, parish of Illalong. Australian Nigut Side op Nature. — Tho Hon. Mr. Michio somo timo ago, in one of his loctures, strove to pcrsundo us that ghosts aro not indigonons of this climo; but porhaps the loarnod gentleman would find ft somewhat diffi cult for materialistic philosophy to explain away n ghost story related by a friend of tho Smythos- dalo correspondent of tho Ballarat Star, a resi- dent of the Mount Misery district. The story, which hnd almost boen forgotten, was brought to his recolloction by a paragraph which recently appoared in tho Star touching the murder com mitted in tho ranges in question in 1854. Some fourteen years ago two minors, ono of whom at present resides in Dutchman's Gully, left the Black Load on a prospecting expedition to Mount Misery. On arriving . nt their destination thoy found in a soclnded gully a bark hut, and they fixed upon it for their habitation. Thoy Roon saw that at a period not vory remote tho place had boon occupied for n length of timo, as there was a well-dofined pnthway from tho hut to a wnterholo adjacent. Thore wns nothing, how- over, in tho appearance of tho place to awakon misgivings in the minds of tho prospectors, and thoy had supper and retired to bod ; but just about midnight one of tho men awoke, as if from a troubled dream, with an indescribable sonso of somo mysterious ngoncy at work, and scarce had ho snt up bofore ho henrd footsteps appronoh the hut, enter tho door, ndvnnco across' the floor, and seomingly pass out right through tho sido of the building. Becoming norvod with the occasion, tho man got his revolver ready, doterminod to havo a shot at tho unaccountable visitant should it return. There was not long to wait till back it came precisely in the snmo way as before, and pop I pop 1 wont tho revolver. Tho man's mate, nwnkoned by tho pistol shots, sprang out of bed and shouted " What's wrong?" On the matter being oxplainod to him ho treated tho whole afihir as a joke. His incredulity on tho subjoot, howovnr, only lasted till tho following night, for anolhor visit of a liko kind wns thon paid, and that timo tho scoptic os well as his mnto witness ed tho mysterious visitation. Night aftor night for three nights did that inexplicable occurronoo tako place,. and npnrt from the proceedings on . the first night, both of the matos alike distinctly hoard tho unearthly footstops on the second and third occasions. It noed scarcely bo said that tho unwolcomo visitor wns not allowed on op portunity of paying a fourth visit, nnd not the least suggestive part of tho nffair is, that the quondam scoptic wns not the last to snggest the advisability of a prompt abandonment of the hut. Some timo afterwards tho ghost finder went to the locality in Bcnrch of the ghost haunt; but owing to bush tiros nnd other causes tho faoo of tho country was so changed that no trace of tho spot could bo discovered. The friend, like so many others, being very desirous of getting a poep into the unseen — of course without leaving terra Jirma — offered, on tho story being related to bim, to accompany tho narrator to tho place nnd spend n night thoro, but was thon informed of tho former unsuccessful visit, and thus had to abandon tho hope of being ablo, for the present at least, to form an acquaintance with tho in visible nightly wnndorer of tho Mount Misery rangos.— -Melbourne Telegraph, "Conscience" Money in Victoria. — The re gime of Mr. Francis will at nnyrate bo memorable for one thing. Ho is the first Victorian Trensurer who ever roceivod any anonymous contributions. The two sovoreignB sont to tho Treasury the other day, by somo ono whoso conscience smote him for having npon a previous occasion de frauded tho Customs revonuo, inaugurated a now era in Victorian finance. I wonder how much the new Treasurer will sot down as likoly to accrno from this hitherto undeveloped item of income in 1871-72. A person of an imaginative turn of mind, liko Mr. Borry, 'might hope to re ceive many thousands, so much indeod as to bo able to dispense with any additional taxation at nil. But such a consummation conld only arise if the consciences of tho largo landholders who swindle tho country under the Dnffy Land Act suddenly boenmo tender. Such a contingency is s car co ly probable.- \- Melbourne Telearavh, Hollowat's Ointment and Pills. — All diseases springing from bad blood, malarious districts, or ovorhoated atmospheres can be cured by these noblo remedies. Fevor, ague, influenza, bron chitis, diphtheria, stomach complaints, and bilious disorders nro easily met nnd readily conquered by those unrivalled medicaments. Both act harmoniously in preserving tho pure and best moterinls of tho body, and in expelling nil that is redundant, offote, or corrupt. Thus the cure is' not slightand ephemeral, but complete and perma nent, as thousands who hnve personally tested their power linvo grntofnlly testified. Invalids in all quarters of tho globe, whose listlessness of mind nnd sallownoss of complexion wnrnod them and their frionds of some undormining disease, have boen thoroughly renovated by Hollo- wny's remedies. Maravilla Cocoa. — No breakfast table is com plete without this delicious beverage. — The Globe says — "Various importers and manufacturers havo attempted to attain a reputation for thoir prepared Cocoas, but wo doubt whothor any thorough success had boen nohievod until Messrs. Taylor Brothers discovered the extraordinary qualities of 'Mnravilla Cocoa/' Adapting thoir perfect system of preparation to this finest of all spccios of the Thoobromn, thoy have produced an articlo which supersedes every other Cocoa in tho markot. . Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of tno purest elements of nutrition, distinguish tho Maravilla Cocoa nbovo all othors. For homoeopaths and invalids wo could not rocommond a more agreeablo or vnlnablo beverage." Sold only in packets by all Grocers, of whom also may bo had Taylor Brotbors' Original Homcoopathio Cocoa and Soluble Chocolato. Steam Mills — Briok Lane, London. Export Chickory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. Printed and published by James John, Brown, sole proprietor, at the " Courier" General Printing Office, Rossi-street, Yass, in the Colony ej South Wale. 