UNCLE SILAS : A TALE OF BARTRAM-HAUGH. CHAPTER XXXVIII.—(Continued.) A MIDNIGHT DEPARTURE* Bv J. S. LE FAJi'U, Autliorof " Wrlder's Ilniid," "The Tlouac by the Churchyard." A-c, ic. But cheorful wintry suns and frosty skies, long nights, aud brilliant starlight, with good liomely ikes in our snuggery—gossipings, stories, short readings now and then, aud brisk walks, through the always beautiful scenery of Bnrtraw-Haugh, and, above all, the uubrokeu tenor of our life, which had fallen into a serene routine, foreign to the idea of danger or misadventure, gradually quieted the qualms and misgivings which my interview with Doctor Bryerly had eo powerfully resuscitated. My Cousin Monica, to my inexpressible joy, had returned to her country house ; and an active diplomacy, through tho post-office, was negotiating the re-opening of friendly relations between the courts of Elverstgn and of Cai-tram. At length, one fine day, Cousin Monica, smiling pleasantly, with her cloak and bonnet on, aud her colour fresh from the shrewd air of the Derbyshire hills, stood suddenly before me in our sitting-room. Our meeting was that of two school-companions long separated. Cousin Monica was always a girl in my eyes. What a bug it was; what a shower of kisses and ejaculations, enquiries and caresses 1 At last I pressed her down into a chair, and, laughing, she said— " Yoa have no idea what self-denial I have exercised to bring this visit about. I, who .detest wriiiug, have actually written five letters to Silas; and I don't think I said a i.iiiflle impertinent tiling in one of them! What a wonderful little old thing your butler is! I did not know what to make of him on the steps. IK- a struldburg, or a fairy, or only a ghost! Where on earth did your uncle pic k iii:n up ? I'm sure ho came in on Ail Hallows E'en, to ailswcr au incantation— lioi your future hnsbnnd, I hope—and he'll vanish tionie nijTht into gray smoke, and whisk Kadiv up the chimney. He's the most venerable litt'e thing I ever beheld in my life. I leaned b.ick in the carriage aud thought I thuLild absolutely-die of laughing, lie's gone up to prepare your uncle for mv visit; aud I really am very glad;, fqj- I'm euro I shall look as young as Hebe after him. But who is this ? Who are you, my dear ?" This was addressed to poor Milly, who stood at the corner of the chiuiney-piecc, staring with her round eyes and plump cheeks in fear and wonder upon the strange lady. " How stupid of me," I exclaimed. " Milly, dear, this is your cousin, Lady Knollys." " And so you are Millicent. Well, dear. I am very glad to see you.'' And Cousin Monica was on her foot again in an instant, with Milly"6 hand very cordially in hers ; and she gave her a kiss upon each check, and patted her head. Milly, I must mention, was a much more presentable figure than when I first encountered her. Her dresses were at least a quarter of a yard longer. Though very rustic, therefore, she was not so barbarously gro,testae, by any means. 