THE MEMBERS FOR PARIS. [From a Correspondent of The Times ] Paris, February 15tk. It may be interesting to English readers to know more than merely by name the men whom it has pleased the Parisian populace to elect as representatives in the great Assembly where the destinies of France are to bo discussed. Among the individuals whom Paris has chosen, the first according to the number of votes ob- tained, and the one who consequently seems to have been the object of the greatest esteem, and appears to bo tho ablest representative of the Parisian mind, is, it so happens, the best known in England. Ho may servo in somo degree as_ a typo of all tko rest. M. Louis Blanc lived in England from 1848 to tke 4tk of September, 1870\. It will bo remembered under what circum- stances after the invasion of tho National Assem- bly on the 15th of May, 1848, ho was obliged to i leavo his country, whero he was tko leader of tko i Socialist party, and where, after the revolution < of February, lie presided over the famous Luxom- i hurg Conferences-a mountain that brought forth < amouse. Since that time, and thanks to his long stay in a country wkere political instinct carries the day against Utopias, M. Louis Blanc has considerably modified his ideas and cooled kis former zeal. Still lie lins not lost tke bad habit of addressing long epistles to the people and citi- zens, of speaking like the Pope urbi et oibi, and lately liohad felthisfomierself renwakening, and oftidy announced himself in favour of " ¡/«erre à Ollfrance." . M. Victor Hugo, another man known in Eng- land, comes second on the list, and he seems to come there as though the better to prove my words. M. Victor Hugo is a great poet, an elevated writer, provided he does not get too near the sun with his wings of wax ; but ho has no turn for politics, and will cut a sorry figure in the Assembly if they wish to attend seriously to business, without stopping for empty talk and sonorous words. M. Victor Hugo has already figured in the National Assembly of 1848, where he made speaches of a gloomy mid emphatic character. Made a peer of France by King Louis Philippe, his presence in tke Upper Cham- ber had been manifested to tko outer world only hy a certain anecdote wkick highly amused tke Court and town. After 1848, M. Victor Hugo found himself a " Republican without knowing it." It is not imposible that he may find him- self again some day " knowingly a Monarchist." If M. Victor Hugo had not written Les Cháti ments and Napoleon le Petit, tho Parisians would never havo dreamt of making him their Deputy. They elected Garibaldi, on the strength of his Platonic protestation against tke capitulation of Paris. The fourth man is M. Edgard Quinet formerly Professor at the College of France, philosopher, historian, poet on occasions, and latterly a writer in the Siècle, where ho inflamed the enthusiasm for "war a outrance." M. Quinet has an intellect of some power, though narrow, and possesses talents which sufficiently justify tho suffrages he has obtained. I do not think ko will bo very useful in an Assembly which will especially «quire prudent and decided men of business. He will dwell on heights inaccessible to mortals. Next to him comes M. Gambetta. Ho has thought himself called upon to succeed to tho triple inheritance of Mirabeau, Danton, and Carnot; he has confounded 1792 with 1870. .The character of M. Henri Rochefort, tho sixth Deputy elected, is pretty well known. Assuredly, there are few writers more superficial or more ignorant of political affairs, A decided propensity for vilifying others, a vein of caustic and too often not very refined satire, an ill-natured humour not always seasoned by Attic salt, some talent, but a limited capacity, and an entire absence of information, such is M. Rochofort. In choosing naval officers of the higher ranks to represent her, Paris has, no doubt, wished to show her gratitude to this excellent sorvico for the important part it has taken in the defence of tho capital. This is tho only reasonable ex- planation that can bo given for tho election" of vice-Admirals Saisset and Pothuan, for tkeso two officers havo as yet taken no part in political Matters. Vice-Admiral Saisset, indood, was very near playing such a part, but somewhat involun «uily. Rightly or wrongly, ho was supposed to » hostile to any idea of capitulation. He had 'ort Ina son, a lieutenant in tho army, killed by a German shell in Fort Montrouge He looked upon Paris exclusively as a fortress, without troubling himself about the two millions of civil population, and ho considered that a fortress, like a ship, should rather allow itself to be blown up than surrender. On tho evening « the 27th of January, when tho armistice *?* ffittinoul m near« «ad tim turbulent spirits were displeased at the war à outrance ending like tho beautiful woman of whom Horace speaks, in a fish's tail, the name of Admiral Saissot was suddenly circulated among the crowd. Tn an hour's time a noise had boon made about his name which must have astonished him greatly if it reached his ears. He was credited with intentions of resistance, impossible ideas, and insane projects. More was not wanting to obtain for him a high reputa tion among the most inveterate. M. Delescluze is neither unknown nor without talent. In these latter days he has boon a great deal talked about as chiof editor of tho Revell; but ha is still more co.lebr.ited iu history as Com- missary of the Government of Fobruary, 1848,in tho Dépirtpment du Nord, where he had tho credit of having organized the famous expedition of "Risquons tout." It was simply a question of carrying the revolution into Belgium and of uniting that country to the French Republic. M. Dolesclnze has ripened his intelligence by the test of exile. M. Joigneaux is probably unknown to you. He is not a politician, he is a gardener, but a re- volutionary gardener-the gardener of Liberty, Equality, and even Fraternity. He has for a long time past preached to the peasants, taking this motto for his text ; he has done it in various pamphlets, in small books, and lastly in the Gazette du Village, where he mixed up in an agreeable manner the savoury fruits of the Repnblic with the more nourishing vegetables of the kitchen garden. But the glory of Citizen Joigneaux only showed itsolf in its full brilliancy during the siege of Paris. He it was who took upon himself to restore to the Parisians the ver dure of which their tables were completely destitute. Ile rocoived a mission from the Government to produce out of the ground an army of carrots and legions of salad. For this purposo he brought together all the gardeners of the suburb*, his colleagues, distributed to them some hundreds of uncultivated acres and a few thousands of forcing frames, and then ordered them to strike the ground with their spades. Less docile than the rock of Moses, the soil of Paris could produce nothing, not even clear water. In choosing M. Joigneaux for their De- puty did the Parisians wish to do honour to the good intentions of the gardener ? As for M. Schœlcher, who appears next to M. Joigneaux,his garden, though of a totally different nature from that of his colleague, has not pro- duced more fruits. In these latter days M. Schcelcher was colonel of the Legion of Artillery of the National Guard of Paris-a colonel 70 years of age. As "valour does not wait for years," so she braves their accumulation. The Legion of Artillery was armed with those famous seven pounders fabricated by our bronze- workers. I do not believe there was ever an opportunity for trying them, but I know for a fact that on the 19th of January, the day of the armed attack on the Hotel de Ville, some regiments were required to guard them. It had been noised abroad that the guns had been taken by the insurgents ; it is the only noise they have ever made in the world. A Republican of early date, M. Schcelcher has already boen a member of the. National Assembly of 1848, where he played no prominent part. It would have been strange if the Parisians had not thought of M. Felix Pyat. Ho pos- sesses many qualities which suit the revolutionary city—he is audacious in his writings, little scrupulous in his principles, exaggerated in his speech ; he has the temperament of a despot, the magniloquence of a tragedian. He has made himself tho chief of the school called that "of political assassination." He edits the newspaper Le Combat or Le Vengeur, and cries incessantly " To arms !" It is better that he should bo in tho Assembly than outside it ¡ he is one of those who have made the bad reputation of the Republican Government in France. Next to him the votes fell on a writer of a totally different character and also of very different merit. Everyone may not partake the political ideas and the historical theories of M. Henri Martin ; no honest man can refuse him his esteem. M. Henri Martin is a laborious, a- well-informed, even a learned writer ; he has written a history of France which was for sevoral years crowned by the French Academy. Conceived in a national spirit, it recommends itself neither by brilliancy of style nor by evincing constant justice of appre- ciation, but it contains nearly all that it is use- ful to find there.. He wishes to demonstrate that Monarchy has only a bad effect upon the des- tinies of the country, but even while developing this bold proposition, he does not hesitate to put the reader in possession of documents which combat it. M. Henri Martin was the intimate friend of Manin, the great citizen of Venice, during his exile in France. Since the 4th of September ho has been Mayor of ono of the arrondissements of Paris, and has proved himself one of the best and most intelligent in the midst of his difficult duties. M. Edouard Lochray is another writer, but of that chaffing, jeering' kind which especially pleases in France. His first attempts, which were made not very long ago, did not suggest any aptitude for politics or for harsh criticism. He has acquired a habit of bitterness, and, like many others, follows success rather than com- mands it. In England it would be a matter of astonishment that writors of such doubtful worth should find a place in Parliament ; in France wo aro no longer astonished at such things ; wo expect anything in politics. It is sufficient to have, like M. Edouard Lochray, sacrificed to the avenging Furies in the Reveil, or the Marseillaise, to be thought capable of deciding the fate of tho nation. With groat difficulty tho best of our newspapers carried tho election of one of their contributors, but the less important or satirical ones easily got in five or six. M. Gambon took part in tho Assembly of 1848, whon ho made several very bold propo- sitions on tho subject of finance. During the last few yeiirs he has made himself famous by ob- stinately refusing to pay taxes. His refusal was justified in letters written by bim to the papers, to show that tho system of official candidates not leaving the liberty of voting to tho citizens, olective representation was vitiated at tho very beginning ; that henceforth they had no right to impose taxes, and that all good citizens were bound to refuse to pay them. The main result of this theory being but in practice by citizen Gambon was tho putting up to sale of a wretched cow, of which ho retained open possession, after placing the great bulk of his property in security by an ingenious deed. This cow, immolated to Republican principles, could find no purchaser, and soon became legendary from the care taken by her proprietor to recount its Odyssey to his fellow-citizens. There is not a gamin in Paris who cannot relate the full history of " la vache à Gambon." M. Dorian is a great manufacturer from tho coal district of St. Etienne. Ho was a deputy in tho Corps Législatif elected in 1SC0, and had not mado himself at all remarkable for ultra Radical opinions. Ho was appointed Minister of Public Works in tho Government on the 4th of Septombor, and during the siogo of Paris- ob tainod a good name for intelligence and activity in the works of the défonce, which entirely occupied his Ministry. It was ho who caused cannons to be cast and mitrailleuses to be manufactured by private enterprise ; it was he who provided tho engineers and workmen who constructed the advanced redoubts ; it was ho, again, who sent along the rails those armoured locomotives which, we are told, carried terror into tho Prussian ranks. Whon tho Hotel de Ville was invaded on tho 31st of Octobor, his name was chosen by tho rioters for their stand- ard, and was placed at tho head of the lists of tho new Government. There was some talk of making M. Dorian, a dictator. His attitude re- mained equivocal.' if tho coup de main had suc- ceeded, M. Dorian would soon have seen that ho was only an instrument in the hands of a violent faction. M. Ranc is another writer on whom the mul- titude have been pleased to bestow their good graces. Of a cold, harsh, and violent charactor, ho suited M. Gambetta perfectly, and when the latter became Minister of tho Interior was made his Secretary, in other words, his chef de com- mandement. These men who had all thoir lives claimed liberty so eagerly mado it their first work, on attaining to power, to suppress every oxoroiso of it. M. Ranc had mado no great sensation as a journalist, in his new offico ho attained a con siderable reputation, and has more than once acted very despotically. He joined by balloon M. Gambetta, who had preceded him at Bor- deaux. To him was confided tho mission of arresting tho former representatives nnd the refractory Generals. Five of tho acting Mayors of Paris havo boon oloctod, but tho Mayor par excellence, the Mayor of the Hotel do Vil'lo, M. Julos Ferry, has not boon. Tho eloctod Mayors aroM. Henri Martin, of whom I havo already spnkon, MM. Clemen- ceau, Vnclierot, Arnaud (do l'Aribgo), and . Groppo ; to thoso may bo added M. Dolesoluzo, ' a rotired mayor, and M. Millièro, a mayor who . was dismissed and imprisoned aftor tho cotip rfe i matuoftholOth of January. Among thosoMayors ; now becomo mombo» of tho Assembly one in i particular claims our attention, Doctor Gloinen ¡ wau, tfewt ©f4hü Mayo« of Pari», m »oona» thoy were installed in office, constituted them- selves legislators, revoking old laws, proclaiming new ones, evading those which hindered their aggressions upon other men's wills and freedom. M. Mottu, Mayor of the 11th Arrondissement, caused every sign and enbtem of religion to disappear from the schools, forbade children to attend tho free sckools,and sottled on kis private authority tko question of lay education. Doctor Clemenceau, in kis turn, covered tke walls of the 18th Arrondissement with atrocious proclama- tions, and forbade the primary schools to take their pupils to church. These proceedings do not announco legislators greatly enamoured of freedom or muck inclined to tolerance. M7 Arnaud (de I'Ario'ge,), who took part in tho As- sembly of 1848, is of a higher and more liberal order of mind, and is a political writer of real^ eminence. Although a Republican, ho won* liking and respect for his administration in tke most aristocratic quarter of Paris. He kis one of tkose sober-minded men wko tkink more of reality than appearance. He will be found often to agree with M. Thiers, never with M. Felix Pyat. M. Tirard, another Mayor elected as Deputy, is a watchmaker, who made himself famous in the Quartier de la Bourse by the energetic manner in which he proceeded to execute the decree of requisitions from absentees. Sum- moned by the confidence of the Parisians, with his colleagues, to repair the wheels of the State, ho will not forget that too delicate springs will break, that a balance ill compensated affects the regularity of the works. iii medio virtu» ; the axiom holds as good for political institutions as for watchmakers. In the last elections barristers havo been I ostracized. Tlioie was a positive mot tPordre against them. Four only have been elec- ted, and among them appears one of the least employed members of the Paris bar. M. Charles Floquet, after many fruitless efforts in the Provincial elections has succeeded at Paris in slipping in between M. Gambetta and M. Jules Favre M. Charles Floquet is Btill a young man. Till now he has always professed Radical opinions, but ago and gratified ambition are great moderators. M. Floquet will hardly escape tke common rule. Since tke 4tk of September ko had been ono of the numerous secretaries of the Provisional Government, and never failed in that capacity to countersign the placards posted up in Paris. When M. Jules Favre went to Bordeaux, he took charge of the Interior during the interim, so that he has been a Minister for three days at least. Provided they belong to the most highly coloured Radical party, writers have had fair play in tho Paris elections, and they have got the largest share. I have already counted up nine : MM, Louis Blanc, Victor Hugo, Edgard Quinet, Henri Rochefort, Delesclnae, Felix 1 yat, Henri Martin, Edouard Lockray, and Ranc_: to these may be added five more, M. Henri Brisson is one of them, an adept of the school of 1793, a writer employed on several newspapers of different shades of opinion, from pale pink to the most brilliant red. It seems as if he ought to take his stand at this last and Bublime colour, which suits the ardent and emphatic nature of his character. M. Vacherot, a materialistic philosopher, late professor of the University, late director of the normal school in which the State professors are educated, a man of gient worth, of an elevated mind, of vast erudition, author of works in high esteem, " honest and moderate in politics." M. Littra, a physician, a learned philologist, a Positive philo- sopher, tile chief of that school since the death of Auguste Comte, a member of the Insti- tute, author of a dictionary of tho French lan- guage which is a "monument", a complete stranger to politics, and who will find himself quite out of his element if ho ever consents to take a seat_ in any assembly but a body of savants-a singular choice, evidently made out of the hatred to revealed Religion. Then there is M. llazon», one of tho most virulent of political writers, a contributor to tho Marseillaise after having watton in various other papers, and finally elected commandant of a battalion of the National Guard, who made their first essay in nrms at the Hotel de Ville ; imprisoned after the 31st of October, a co-operator witkM. Flourens in tko greator part of kis enterprises ; weaker than he, more ambitious, and consequently moro dangerous. Another is M. Peyrat, the strongest of all the Radical political writers, a sober mon, tinged with sensualist philosophy, but who has not carried it to its furthest extreme, a reasonable Republican, who will not bo found in the camp of the desperadoes, and who may one day bo found among those worthy men who sacrifice their own wishes to tho certain interests of their country. Out of 43 Deputies, therefore, the city of Paris has elected 15 authors by profession, without including MM. Thiers and Léon Say, because in the former the character of politician predomin- ates over that of historian, and in the latter the pen is only an instrument in the hands of the economist to interpret his thoughts in the Journal des Débats, of which ho is one of the proprietors. M. Léon Say was one of the most formidable critics of the financial adminis- tration of M. Haussmann. A member of the Council of Administration of Chemin de Fer du Nord, he had up to this time failed in the elections for the Departmentof the Seine- et-Oise, where he possesses considerable landed interest. His election in Paris, among several other candi- dates on the moderate list, proves that if Conser vative Parisians had known how to work,and,above all, to vote together, nearly all their list would havo passed. They havo only carried the election of nine of their number ; for I cannot reckon as belonging to thom such names as MM. Rochefort and Gambetta, whom they carried in a body under the title of members of tho_ Government, mid also to give an air of conciliation to their choice. In this " Conservative" list figured one of tke new Deputies, M. Sauvago. M. Sauvage is a distinguished engineer, a director of the com- pany of the Chemin do Fer de l'Est-a company which has been so severely tried by the war. It was an idea of the Conservative party to get elected in Paris, by the side of the great manu- facturers and merchants, somo of the heads of our great companies. This idea has succeeded only in the case of M. Sauvage, so true is it that with us talk carries the day with tho crowd rather than practical and serious qualities. One asks with somo uneasiness what effect nil the clovorness of MM. Rochefort and Lockray will have when opposed to the clear, definite, cer- tain opinions of M. Sauvage, and if their most pointed jests would do as much service to the country as tho calculations of tho engineer ; if their wittiest sallies would contribute so effi- caciously as his practical conclusions to repair the ruins of France, and prepare tho ground for a solid and well- balanced organization. After a practical man, a dreamer was required ; after the railway director Sauvage, the old revo- lutionist Martin Bernard. You must not con- found him with another Bernard who became celebrated in London at tho time of Orsini's conspiracy, and for whose extradition the French Government of that timo committed the error of asking. Our Martin Bernard is a man of the old National Assombly of 1830, a patriarch of tho Republic, tried by condemnations under King Louis Philippe, lost lately in obscurity, nnd whom many people like myself believed to have been buried. He is like a ghost walking in Annand Carel's shroud. M. Marc Dufresne is younger in years, but not more modern in ideas. Ho is a second-rate lawyer, who has already passed through the Constituent Assembly of 1848, if not like a meteor at least like a fulling star. The Revolu- tion of 1870 brought him back to our orbit, where ko gravitated as a satellite of M. Gam- betta, and, in tko character of commissary of tko Government or priSfet, was okargod witk tko duty of inflaming the slumbering zeal of localities which were insensible to tho proclamations of tho Dictator. M. Greppo is also an old inonibor of tho Con- stituent Assombly. Ho had one great day in his lifo, that on whick ko rose alono to support a financial motion of M. Proudkon's, which ap- peared very radical in thoso days, and which would succeed bettor now, I tkink. A propor- tional tax was in question. Tho prosont war has altered oponions considerably, but it will still further alter tho financial situation of tho country. Notwithstanding tho substantial want of con- nexion in her selections and their hazardous nature, Paris has yet established a certain har- mony bolwoon thom, and sntistiod almost all tho idoas which aro fermenting within hor^ A fairly largo place has boen given to tho- sentiment of grntitudo towards her dofondors by the nomina- tion of naval oflicors and one genoral of artillery of a cortain reputation, Genoral Frobanlt, tho in'vontor of tho systom of brooohloading ap- paratus employed in our ship gunB, and since in our sevon- poundors. Thoso elections aro not, perhaps, indications of very pacific dispositions, but noither aro they proofs of an inextinguishnblo ardour for battle It seems ovon that at this moment woll-informod military men who know our armies well may becomo the best instruments for peace. Without being aware of it, perhaps the Parisians have in tM» done wbat wai bert for them. TJwy ¿«va even preferred to one of thomselves a colonel of the National Guard, Langlois, who was wounded at the last battle of Montretout. M. Langlois is a retired naval officer, a great Club orator when Clubs were moderated by the presence of the police. An excellent man, a good citizen, a narrow-minded politician, bravo in face of the enomy, as he has already proved himself, ho will enroll himself under the banner of tho moderate Republicans, and if a man is needed to sacrifice himself to the common safety, Colonel Langlois will not shrink before insurrection anymore than before the enemy. Four names represent the Internationale-M. Tolain, the organizer of that society.in Paris, and his uides-de-camps MM. Jean Brunet, Malon, and Cournet. Thoy aro workmen who have some, thing very different from forms of government in their heads ; they aspire to something posi- tive, and fully expect to attain to it : they wish to make themselves masters of labour by the association of all workmen in every country where work is done, and by that means to ren- der themselves masters of the world itself Utopia it will be said. That may be, but it is by means of Utopias that the moral surface of the globe is renewed. We should fix our eyes on this black spot ; our grandchildren will, per- haps, see issue from it the greatest storm of modem times. M. Ledru-Rollin is known to you, but you are probably not aware that since his return to France the weakness of his character has put him at the mercy of M. Delescluze, the man of energy and intelligence of the advanced demo- cracy. I have never had the prejudice that the greater part of my countrymen have against M. Ledru Rollin. I do not consider him that savage instrument of disorder, that incendiary torch that he has been depicted to us. Like M. Jules Favre, he is before all an artist j a fiery and vehement orator, he is deafened by his own words, and steps forward at his own call. He is an artist of a kind pretty frequently met with in France, and which finds numerous admirers. He is undoubtedly one of the raco of which Ciesar speaks-speech- making as well as war- like ; but M. Ladru Rollin has inherited from his ancestors only the first half of their character. With M. Edmond Adam wo return to the do- main of practical men. M. Edmond Adam was Prefect in 1848, and even for some years later. Returning »gain into private life, he entered the Comptoir d'Escompte as Secrétaire Genéralo, and only quitted this post in 18C8. . For a short time in the month of October ho succeeded M. de Keratry as Prefect of Police, but soon left this situation. M. Edmond Adam is a Republican of the temperate zone, in some sort neighbour to M. Ernest Picard. The chances of voting have placed him next to M. Millière, his antipodes. M. Millière is a more prudent FlourenB, though his prudence did not save him from arrest under the third Republic. What M. Flourens does from temperament, M. Millière does by calculation. It results that M. Millière is elected, M. Flourens is not. To concludethistediousbut instructive enume- ration. The last elected is M. Farcy. Who íb M. Farcy, and why is he elected 1 M. Farcy is only a naval lieutenant, who during the siege of Paris commanded a gunboat on,the Seine. This vessel was armed with a big gun, and this gun, it was affirmed, carried death and terror into the Prussian ranks. There was no battery, no Krupp gun, no field or permanent fortification that could stand before this formidablo machine. No one had gone to verify this fact ; but the newspapers having repeated it in every tone it soon became matter of history. The gunboat was called from the name of its commander the Farcy gunboat ; the gun was also named tho Farcy gun. Somewell- informodporsonseven addedthat Lieutenant Farcy was the inventor of the gunboat, to which he had been able in a very small space to make sufficiont room for an enormous gun. But others who knew quite as much about it declared that it was the cannon that was M. Farcy's work, and they grounded their opinion on a claim made upon the Government, the object of which was to givo a now carriage to the Farcy-^gun which would enable it to throw its shells in among all the Prussian artillery helmets. At one moment the whole question of the defence of Paris turned upon this gun-carriage, and when the bombardment commonced people did not hesitate to say that if the Farcy cannon had bud its carriage such an insult would never have been ottered to the capital. In the midst of all these contradictory sayings the inhabitants on tho two banks of tho river still suspended their judgment,and wero still asking whether it was the gun or its support that was in vonted by M Farcy, when the Armistice was signed and the Deputies convoked. By reason of the great noise made by his cannon, M. Farcy found himself placed on the list. Some voted for tho gun ; some for the gunboat-iu short, the officer who had done his duty as an artilleryman and a sailor, got about 70,000 votes, which have enabled him to to go Bordeaux to treat for peace and givo a new Constitution to France. It has not been stated 'whether he is to take his gunboat and his gun with him. It seems to mo a matter of the highest political interest that tho question so long debated should bo definitively settled. Tho Parisians must at hist know what they havo voted for, whether for the gun or tho gunboat. Yon may think, perhaps, that I am joking ; nothing can be more serious ; I will not say more sad. M. Farcy's election is an historical fact,it is not an apologue, but as from an apologuo a good moral may bo drawn. It is sufficient for a name to resound often in the ears of the Paris- ians and to be touched with a ray of persecution,' or only tho reflection of ill-will on the part of the Government, and popularity is assured. They do not inquiro whother the name is that of a man of worth, nor even if the mau exists. If au election comes, they will vote for bim ; they will make a statesman of an artilleryman, and, like Kings in Beaumarchais' days, the Sove- reign people appoint a dancer to take the place of a mathematician. This, better than long ex- planations, gives the key to the Paris elections. Many are elected because thoy aro not really known, and becauso thoir names have been often mentioned in a particular manner and in a par- ticular set. It is easier to collect an assembly by such means than by the exhibition of ability and talent. 