I SUPPOSED APPEARANCES uF GHOSTS. "WE find quite an interesting account of ghost seing in the pages of a work entitled " Arcana of Spirit unlism," and n still more interesting explanation of ?why ghosts are sometimes Been. The author of tho work Bays that ghosts aro nothing more than a luminous, gasoous flame that arises from all bodies, and especially those undergoing decomposition. These, emanations, he Bays, aro of so ethereal a naturo that only persons of peculiar organizations can seo them, unless, on some occasions, where thoy are present in great force. Of course, in graveyards, for instance, it " takes no great Btrotch of f .ney to shape the upright, luminous, waving "cloud into human form." The author pronounces this a simple fact in chemistry, nnd thinks it singular that from it should have arisen all the unbelievable stories of ghosts and hobgoblins which float through people's brains . and terrify them ; all " having no moro existence than a wisp of flume or fog-liko cloud." A singular instance is given aa hnppening in Ger- many, in a locality known as Pfeffers Garden, at Colimar. Pfeffel will bo remembered as tho blind German poet, and he had enguged a young clergy- man namod Billing as his emanuensis. Tho poet was always led by his amanuensis when he walked out, whioh was most frequently in his garden. After a time Pfeffel remarked that every time they carno to a .particular spot in the garden. Billing's arm trembled, and ho manifested uneasiness. Some conversation about it finally occurred, when the young clergyman reluctantly stated that as often as they passed that spot certain sensations attacked him, whioh ho could not ovcrco uo, and which ho always experienced at places where human bodies were buried. "When ho came to sueh places at night, he saw strange Bights. With a view to cure this man of his delusion, the poet returned with him to the garden that night; and when near enough, Billing said he saw what at first appeared to ba a white, immaterial flame, which then took ?the form of a woman - ono arm laid across tho body, the other hanging down, wavering, or at rost, tho feet elevated about two hand-breadths above the ground. Pfeffel walked up to it, as the young man would not, and struck through the spot with his cane ; but thc spectre did not movo nor alter. It was as when one strikes a stick through a llamo ; tho fiery shape always recovered the same form. Many others also saw it, and q lite a sensation was oreatea ; and at last Pfeffel had the placo dug up, when a skeleton was found, covered with quick-lime, as in time of pestilence. The bones were taken out, and tbe hole filled up, and the spectre was never seen again. 