TALES `'ROUND THE CAIIZP I i . ..... ".... .. 'N o. IL ..... S1My itory having beer received withl neral ex pressions of,.sat slfction, I called upon'D- t- supply .the story for; the: following;evening, and having received his promise to ransack the events of his life dilring the next day so as to be prepared fAir. thle evening 'aftei''sinokin'g and' yarning awhile,; weiturned sin "and "the' camp: was ;soon wraplped in: deep repose T The' next day-- havien trayelled some 'thirty or, forty, milrs, stillt keeping the course ,f the iiv er, cutting off bends, &c.; -wd hltelid tnvari?s ci ening, and haviiing sielectedl anhie level shot fur our camp,we had' supper, loaded our pipes, and prepared tolisten to D --'? story, who, before commencing, said, i'Well, since wehave coimmeneed our stories frith lil hid nimurder, L cannot doi better than kelnt the ball a-rollin So hiere goen- . ,!: :-:t .... Tosiake your huirt standoaehse .'si ' !ko ?ullis upon tUle freothrl porcupine, "E. t" THE ' GROSSTS O'"F THE M'AI E i, o. , TIE HAUNTED HUT. SiSnre teii eari agi, Ilhad occasion eocas the ist" I;elt of AIille S?reili, bbordeiihg the Tatinta country, on thue South Australian: border. 'I was travelling, by myself, my only comlpaions being a horse and cull.e sheep-dog, antd that greatest friend of the 'nnariir as well as- the tiishmcin, a good 'pocketrcoinjia-s.' I had beeni wending my way for houors through thick amid almost' impenetrable scrub, amy, clothes almost ter?r to .ribbons.:my hands and face bleedling from innumerable scratches inflicted byr tiedlallee, a-id torturedalmint to mad ness'l;y that scourge of the srrili aiid sidrhills both tin i.an andlieast -In mean the sand-fly ' , ;The sun uas slowly; sinkking in-: the, west, the fleecy clouds being tinged with purple and gold, 'leaimig "a iostiae hue of crimson pervading the whlle atmosi;here.' The clotids were 'healed in fantastic masses, like foam on the billowy waves then gradhually dissolving- into :featherysrpray in' m?Iten ,,ma?s of liquid, amber, falitg like. the rippling sea n :on tie lwhite and iandj: lioes of a trolpcld illiid.' In ffact, it wias oie of those gloriousisAtstnrlian siunsets so fain.liar to every in :habiitalit of tlut'favouied isle ; .., I,nowanioutsly?,consulted my compass. as I knew from the course 1 lind been steering I should be iinicloi , juixinmity to an oais ii thi's scruibbyh desert, viz; ,one of the wells that ?re- scatteredl at intervals'.throughout the ( Malle:.", A loud' neigh' from my. horse and the disappeaianice of my,!log sooni dispelled any conjectures: on that point, and as my. hors quickened his' pace, I'was soao 'ro tlieved by the glorious sight'of waiter. ":Ulpi,nlok ing around I found Illiasd emergednfrom ithe thick scrub, and was .now in a" small ipent plain, about three hundred yaids across. in the centre of which, was a clump of trees,'coatuisting 6f :myall and the quoidong, or native pe ch tree, two -or three of whichi had.irrown to a very -large size. At the rootof aimyall was the well,, the.water of ,which was slightly brackish. ,.Having allowed my horse' to 'ldrini his' till, ohy dog .having 'ieliped himself previous to my arrival, I :l?an' to look aoiut in order to select a suitable camping p laco. ' ... - : Just, upon ,the edge :of the,. ilain,;about one hundred and fifty yards from the well, was a dila pidated hut ; so I walked dIwni toil have a look and see'if it would'--fford shelter in cae of rain.' I found thl' walls' were composed ofL nallees sticks, entwined between, upright stakes driven into the ground, forming a network' or baskotwork of a sub= stantial chaiacter, 'ind' the"interstid es'leiiig 'filled with clay rendered the rlie' wiiid iilwaterproof. The roof was thatched with grass; aid leaves; ud in one rooin had. partially tunmbled down.:; The walls were now, in a very, rotten condlition, and weie rapidly falling to dlecay; liit'the, tuner room senied i tosleihle ipreser'aitiuin and was very clean. At'one end, runniongthe entifre :length" of tlie'room, was abunk, or, rough,, wo?tden helstead, which had the appearance of not. having been~alept. in for years. Having carefully swept the rodim out, I, ent for my saddle ,and blankets,, and .havingg crss-hobled my k?urse?with rtei ir?tirrpleathae and. pair ofhlio"'bles, I'set to i?~uk lgatlirin?a sticks mund wood fo? a fire, which I kindled' in the' adjoining apartment, the .dismnantled .portiodi f. the. roof ,acting as.a chimney. ;; Having set my 'qiar??e It" 'in the fire to boil, I .proceeded to an auge my bed aid'iitl;eiwise' co1mplete my arraigemsteil'for the night. BHearing ansoppeashm niilthei rof'of 'thee hut,,I'iteppted outaside, and having drawnrmy.re vulverb shot it.; This at, once ,proevildl,, th wants nf' my faithful canine comlpau!?in who, afte ,ntfillhing'li hisni- iattoikupiihitaqrtrerh:'lie," lie After I° hd ' inuished: suppi r anil 'hiad lnaildl 'iny pipe, I walked'down to the well tdo·~i i?.t-my 'ihs was in good;quarters, a?d;havipg: Ifund him in us oscellent patch of ,;gool gras, n hih. I knety, lie wiild n?,t luai efor:the sour grass .of 'ithe Mialleea 'lretriced 'my titeis'anil-tiiriied ii; thriiti ;ly r a° tislfied with' myself and things ingeneral.-.., ?,? The wind had bhen gr.lnually.lsisng arid was now hlvwiig ; in.,.stroni mou tiftul ...gusto, ,,nli:ii' n iitouly at , times among; the i n. Mllle nsaies ahicltilay to the iis;litof ine hbut. .l.'la awtk f it sime time, wonderug' whi, aidi whitt the lint oc; ' l?ant~ofthe: mt wais, astd the.reason i' f 'its s'raie desertipn ;, for. I.conldplaily see thut1'hrit hade h;en deserted, and, that for no coiulm,-n re.asnether. I remained'thus fqr somie time lost'in' cFije t.tres : 'dtming allsort of oromacitic 'torien raluce tii te foitneri oo apants of: the :hn -until at t t:L I fell \- A low1. tinearhyly hpiwi-o utterly wudil ald les. 'aiAing as't tuiri the heart si:k w'ith? ia iodlein-i 'ible druii rdtsurniudtdie from my eliep2 'I'stare;l' nlpin wild iff-ight; when 'the :howl-was again 'r.-, ,peat?lg. andwhlchi L now found proceededl fromtmy dog, ,whose alpi'eain;ce, seen iun the lightof ,the mmoin thrigh thel h:,du'l it e rooft. btiltened ? in-' tends te.ror, 'vey y hair ii liis btlyi tantdimstratgh :up on endti:;dUtt-tn'g 'a lowiwhipei; a: ?It caught igight of me he crouched in th-i no?,st ahjet terror at intyfeet. Hasily. throwin n "my clothes suit '1,sus, Iiiaked ta the'rour .'t thei hitt, aitid thetr I' , o tei iu t bt ai rliidic fro ze th e life-ble ed in so y vbi as The.uniiii' i als -onw shinini tri)nhtly,' i that I' lcould see most 'iistinctly every object eoi the plain' ,it,tlieidistan:e ,if a few ,yards from' the,we'twere two figures--the taller of the two was a mmid!le-aged mnt.hai?btied in the'garbl of" a shediherd, whilt the nisiitger, wliC ajiieared to hieal, it two-and-twenty, "was 'clad iin'. liight tweed: coat,' pants,' and. top Sboot; ,,-.From ,their gestures; they appeared to be quarrelling; rfr tttgli no aeoyld came fr?im theii 'I, I 'lAiojijlnnly see saich was. the' case. Just .iat ttisirn 'ih-nit':thex :y bth 'turned 'their faces to !waids the,tito 'ghdastly whiteness of which struck ihhn icy shill through my heart, which almost turned \- to etonas T saw . them.,glidi?ng-(for itw.aanot Halldng)-towards the ha g reItainam d rooted'to .e "p"t. ntterly nnable to. move. My dog, tter '"g another unearthly howl, dashed out of the door 'and disappeared into the scrub. I was completely fLasinated, an. could not take my eyes off the ap prouching ligoree, who as they drew near appeared to be apparently reconseled ; for just before reach ing the door they shook hands moat heartily, and then a.s-l into the but, taking not the slightest nOtice ,,f ti) Ipresence. AAs they blioth?Ipssed, I euhld not hellp nticing the deminiaeal adii fiendish look w.ich the elder of thh two cast .on the younger-it was a look or most intrneo hatred, and dark anld deep revenge flamedl fri n his flashing eyes. lUp to this time not a'word had been spoken, and the horrible s:illness sihicli reli;il :'sipreme around was only broken l"v'my stifled breathing, whirh became a positive agony as the, two men walked, or rather itided, by me in'o the hut; for their footsteps gave out bi soiiild lpon the floor. A cold, clammy sweat broke out upon mhy brow, and my hair with horror was standing on end. I ,seemed to have lost all power of moving ; and as I stood a little on one side of the doorway insile the hut, I cmld observe all that ipassed. The elder of the two men threw himself upon thelbuunk, taking no notice of my saddle anu blankets;iwhilst the younger enoterned himself with the flur, lying right in tfons of the door of the inner room. I was niowenabled to ohbscrve them closely, as the meon streamed through numerous hles in the walls with a flood of light ulsin the ghostly occn pants of the inner roum, and fell. full upon their recunmbent forms. The elder was a m..strepulsire looking object : his face all cut and fearfully dis figirnl by several galinug wounds, from which the bloodl wtas owin tpifuisely ; his slirt, all torn, showing several large wounds in his breast. Sick at heart I turned to lock upon the younger, and' there to my horror and amazement I beheld what I now noticed for the first time, that they were both horribly mutilated and covered with wounds. In the belt of the latter was a richly-clhasel spring. hark dagger-knife, the moonbeam falling on the silver handle fully disclosing it to my view. After they hadl apparently rlept half-au-hour-though it plpeared ages to me-I became aware of a mo6e mnent on the Tart of the elder of the two men. H e sat up. and gazed cautiously around ; then care= fully taking a large butcher's knife from its leathern sheath in his belt, he crept cautiously to waids his sleeping companion.L As I saw his hellish intention, I would have given worlds to have been able to call out; but there seemed to be a sort of "mystic spell" around me. I was com fletely paralysed with horror. Nearer and nearer he gliled--the stillness was horrible-I saw the gleam of the knife in the moonlight like a meteor flash, when down, down came the remorseless blade deep into the breast of the sleeping man I I could distinc ly hear the " chuck" of the knife as it entered the wound. It was the first round I had beast from my ghostly visitors, and rendered: the s:eee following doubly horrifying by the ghastly silence with which it was enacted. The blow was not fatal, for no sooner had it fallen than the in.mln man sprang to his feet, grasped his dagger-' knife, and gralpled with his assailant. "Then en sied one of the most terrific struggles tlhat it is passihle to cunceive, though not a sound broke the 'death-like silence. Thrust after thrust of the deorlly knives were given and taken, seemingly without effect t together they rolled on the floor. exchanging l l us all the time. At last,-with a shriek of agony which rolled upon the' midnight airs ail was repeated from range to range, the 'ler of the two dashled out of the door, followed. by the other, and disappeared in the scrub at the -back of the hut. •?I was so overcome with horror that I lost con sciousnesa, in which state I remained some hours ; for when I came to I found the sun was up. I sprang t) my feet-though still feeling faint-an I having dragged my things from the hut, I went to lank for my hore ; when, strange to relate,'I founnl him tremblini like an aspen.. I was beginning to think my adventures of the previous night were t',o result of a frightful nightmare; but the e ident i rturhlaion of my horse nmade me think'diff:re ntly. fHa ng taken off the hobbles, I led him to the hrt 'and tiedl him up outside. I'then went in- to see if I coul finsl any traces of last night's struggle. 'Eerything w: a exactly in the same position as it ries before 1 tirnel in on thlt previous night : n, hl**1l-s'ails wero visible ; no marks'of 'a :strnatg'e etral be dis inguithel. It was certaiily ve y stramne. My d1a, was nowhere to be seen ;,anl as I itere: kni. i, him to leave me lbefore, I fo't that ti a?ile.vetures of tle niight really occurre l in the: ianner le-cril.e I. I sat down f[.r a whi e ts re cover a little-f ,r T was very shaky;-so I l1millel a slt f t--a. Just as I had hniahed this operation. m lo do. came l)ack, looking very much crestf.dlen,' as th,,lgh lie expected a thrashing. fui leaving me. slweiver, I p:tted him on the head:,'whiereUlion lie ,recoverol inmmtriately. ::[ walked r?,*n I t the hack' of the hut,' .i? war just entering ti - scrub when my foot struck snne thin,, t.t iey hiddlen in tile grass. I stio, ;ealial p-eekli u .*-". silver-morted' dagger-knife!'" I ieg,,ouizsl .t tmmediat-ly as the'samId thial oun iia'the b.lt of the younger of the comhbtants: Fexsamineol it etdefully, antl deciphered with soute difficulty th-. ilitials, " E. J.. V.," auni iunderre .th, 'iasmaller chara.:ters, the words,:' Norfolk, Enlgo 'Idlid" The hulatlo was half eaten with' rn's aril mil t 1 are lain at last two yeati where I hIa I si stranecl pi,:kel it up. I carefully searchid: for furtlher traces of my late nocterund visitors, but un "accesshflly. .,tit at this tnument ny-doit , -hauv leg sniffel a verl times at the dlger which I:h'ehl' iuny Ihat,1, then commencedl sniffing nreetuily rtsnd, utt.rito» a low whine, and sulddleuly.hashed off t a trot itb ' he scrub at the hack of the h?t. '[-immedliately fllowed ; auwl itn a few moments, 'ha'ring him th irking its the' iost frantic' manner. I-hastened inv steps and came out at last inti, a' ?nsiall opening in the scrub. In the centre of this "'oesli" was iiy log Traveller, harking most fn 'tin ?ly at a helap of bones which lay there. Ulpon omn?i's closer, I fuind that the bones were two 'skelebtn, lyin' cloe h ocether,' with their arms claspel roun'l etch other's bhilies as' though they ,had there lie I ill a last fearful struggle. In the skeleton ban I of rone of the b plies was, a common htutchers knife, half eaten with rust. There'iere "iffew sc~ttrre 1 r,,as if light teased, and on thelegs of one of the s'eoletons was a pair of topboots, dried anl shrivr led uptil. _A pieket-book lay near, also very much ,lanrtgeod Ihy the weather. elpon eauiniiug the 1 itter 1 foundl tlhe.greater portion-of fthi leaves torn aot. OuI s,,. le:f wa. tihe followsitg lentry...'Miarch lot, 1S-,- suintt o gomld. in tin 2li, Qaoz, lIver's F'at, gum t eanear shanty. i'"J. Wtttr.t " An It;-r entry followed, but 'siy 'quite illegible:OWing t '.the weathr5.' 0 marked the spot by my compus, as a guide for re turning when T had giving information of the find inc of the bodies. I saddled my horse, pacl.e' ip my traps, and made tracks for the hom,. stati. n. which my map informed me lay some twenty miles to the north west. 1 arrived there late in the a t.rno?n, and having told the "supel" of my discovery of the skeletons, he immediately despatched a man off on horseback to give information to the police. I stopped that night at the station, andl having re lated my adventure, I asked the "sul*er" wh he anp?poed the men were. He.eplicd, " Some two years back the two men in qtietion, which from your. descriptio,- must be the same, were sent temporarily to the hbut near the well--\VWilliams as hbtkeeper, the other man as shepherd. We knew but little of either of them at the station: They had beeq theie but a few days, when 'they suddenly dirappeared, leaving their sheep in the Mallee. We concluded they had bolted to the diggings, they having overdrawn their account a little. lJust at that time men were fre. quently in the habit of bolting wi h a week or a fortnight's rations ; so nothing further was thouLht of them. We sent another .hep:henl to the hut : but as he only sta)e.l one right there and came back with a cock and bull atory as we thooght he b. ing somewhat cranky -no notice was taken of what he said. He swore the hot was haunted, and refused point blank to Co out there again, and as his story went the round of the station, and it was with difficulty we could get any of the shepherdnls to live at the hut, we had to shift the flock, con sequently the hut has been deserted for two years or more. I always laughed at the idea of the hut being haunted; but since I haie heard your story -which, by-the-bye. agi ec with the ' cranky shepherd's'-and your strange discovery of the remains makes me believe ' There's more in Na ture's philosophy than man wets of.' " 'JI suppose," said I, " Williams' companion got to know by some means-or other of the plant of gold mentioned in the pocket-book;, and after worming the secret of the Idant out of him, tried to murder him, intending to get clear away and make use of the gold. Such is the only supposi tion I can, arriveoat." "I seppose so," was the answe-. However, if ever I have occasion to spend an other night in the Mallee, I will take care to keep clear of the Mallee Ghosts and the Haunted Hut, by that lonely well in the Mallee Scrub. Williamstown, 1871..' ' DIAVOLO. 