THE WEEK'S NEWS. The Trans-Continental Telegraph.—Mr. Todd was busy all Thursday with Mr. Patterson, in arranging the requisitions for the new expe ditions to complete Messrs. Darwent & Dalwood's contract. Of " course no advices have yet been received from Mr. B. D. Boss, but advertisements have been inserted in the Sydney papers for the' purchase , of 300 bollocks and 70 horses. No charters of any vessels have bebn yet notified.. "We understand Mr. Todd purposes instructing. Mr. 6. McMinn, whp has charge of Section B, to proceed northward and. carry on the line from Section E. . Mr. Knuckey, of ■Section A, will, finish both his and Mr. McMinn's sections, and in all probability Mi*. Babbage Will be directed to see to the erection-of the stations along the line. Mr. Todd is doing all he can. to expedite ments so as to leave, by the first steamCr sailing for Port Darwin. Assembly Balls.—The second ball of this season was held on Tuesday evening in "White's Booms, and passed off most successfully—His Excellency the Governor, His Excellency Mr. DuCane, and the Hon. Mrs. DuCane, and Miss Fergusson being present. The music was supplied by Chapman's Band, and the refresh ments by Mr. Lindrum,.of the Clarence Hotel, in as satisfactory a manner as before. The Bailways.—No longer does the Gazette continue to give the weekly returns of traffic upon the Port and 'Northern Bailways, but it now furnishes monthly statements respecting the other lines. For the month ending June 24, 80 passengers and 665^ tons of- goods were conveyed along the Port Wakefield line, yielding an income, wharfage dues included, of £196 13s. 5d. During the same period the Southern Bailways brought in £14116s., being the amount charged for the conveyance of 750 passengers and 277f tons of goods. Old Scholars' Association.—The annual meeting of the North Adelaide Grammar School Old Scholars' Association was held at the school room, North Adelaide, on Thursday evening, July l3. There were about 20 members present, and the President (Mr. W. L. Wyly) occupied the chair. The report and balance-sheet, which were adopted, showed that the Association was not in a satisfactory condition, there being a small balance due to the Treasurer. The fol lowing members were elected for the ensuing year:—President, Mr. C. S. Sanders; Vice President, Mr. T. F. Wicksteed; Treasurer, Mr. A. E. Harrison; Secretary, Mr. W. Higgins; Committee, Messrs. P. Pridmore, E. Kay, S. Sparks, and T. Gepp. The advisability of holding a soiree shortly was approved, and a Committee appointed to make the necessary arrangements. The customary votes of thanks having been accorded, the meeting adjourned. Destitution.—The number of persons who have received relief from the State during the month of June is as follows:—Indoor, 466 in all, of whom 299 were from England, 99 from Ireland, 36 from Scotland, and 32 from other countries. "Outdoor—1,473, of whom740hailed from England, 515 from Ireland, 104 from Scotland, and 114 from other countries. The aggregate number in receipt of aid was 1,939. An Old Public Servant.—Travellers who, whether seldom or often, passed along the North-Eastern Main-road in former years will have a lively recollection of Mr. Smith, sen., for a long time the Postmaster at Gumeracha, and "before that the oldest mailman on the line. Long before any regular conveyances ran between the city and the towns on that postal route he carried bags of letters and papers on horseback, and had often to swim creeks and rivers in carry ing out his, at that time, hazardous duties. For some time he has been in feeble health, and seldom seen outside bis dwelling; but has at. last passed away at the ripe age of 76 years. At his funeral about 300 persons, including residents from all parts of the district, attended. The remains were deposited in the Baptist burial ground at Gumeracha, where the Church of Eng land service was read by the Bev. W. A. Clayfield, Incumbent of St. John's, Mount Pleasant. The necessary arrangements were carried out by Mr. B. Peaxse. Novel Wager.—On Thursday Andy Lawson, a labouring man, undertook to carry a bag of flour, weighing 200 lbs., from Messrs. Bradley and Treleaven's stores at Maclaren Wharf, Port Adelaide, to his own residence in Alberion, rather over a mile distant, without rest or assistance—the condition being that if he succeeded the burden was to become his property, but in case of failure he was to forfeit £2. The preliminaries having been arranged, the sack was lashed to his back, and he carried it. borne within 27 minutes without stoppage, and, although a portion of the way was through heavy sand, yet apparently without being dis tressed. A number of persons accompanied Lawson up the road, and on returning to the Port he was warmly congratulated. Annual Dinner.—On Wednesday evening, July 12, the anniversary dinner of the Derby Lodge was held at the Freemasons* Tavern. The old lodgeroom was decorated with flags and evergreens, and over 40 persons, including several ladies, sat down to an excellent spread prepared by the hostess. After toasts, speeches, and songs, dancing closed a pleasant evening's j proceedings. | Flax Culture.—In the Gumeracha District many farmers are busy sowing 'linseed, and seem sanguine of success; at any rate they are determined to give its growth a fair triaL There will be about 60 or 70 acres in that neighbour hood- sown; but had the seed been obtainable sooner much more would have been cultivated this season. Licensed Victuallers. — An adjourned meeting of publicans and brewers was held at the Freemasons' Tavern on Thursday, July 13, when about 40 persons were present. Mr. D. Lithgow, who presided, considered that of late years the licensed victuallers had been working for the brewers, because 22 years ago hops were 4s. per lb. and malt 12s. per bushel, whereas now one was Is. 2d. and -the other 8s. 6 same as at the time he mentioned. He thought a change should be effected. Mr. J. Clinch said Mr. Campion and he had' canvassed the whole of the trade in the city, and with one exception they agreed to raise the price of beer from August rlst to eightpence per pot for outdoors. They had obtained 90 signatures to that effect, and others were promised. Six or seven brewing firms cordially supported the proposition. He had asked the firm who supplied the objector with beer to refuse, but they said they should still deliver it. Mr. W. F. Campion proposed that on and after August 1 the price of beer be eightpence per pot out of doors. He main tained that by selling beer at sixpence they lost, and it was only reasonable that they should obtain a fair profit as in any other trade. Mr. Clinch seconded, and asked Mr. Trapmann (Haussen & Catchlove) if his firm would refuse to supply the objector, provided all the brewers agreed to do the same. Mr. Trapmann refused to give such a promise, not thinking the ques tion a fair one to put to him. Mr. E. Chapman (Simms & Chapman) also refused. He con sidered that it would be unwise to endeavour to coerce the publican who stood out. If left to himself he would probably come round to their views, but if town brewers refused to supply him he would go to country ones. Mr. Trap mann observed that the matter concerned the publicans only, not the brewers. Messrs. Blades, Syme,* and Chapman, in reply to Mr. Clinch, said they would not supply Mr. Tux ford, provided all the trade agreed to do the same. The motion was carried unanimously. The Chairman suggested that they should decide to sell beer at 2Jd. in the bar and 3d. in the parlour, but it was pointed out by several that this would not do in the back streets, and the matter dropped. A deputation was then appointed to wait on Mr. Tuxford, and urge him to agree with the decision of that meeting. Several publicans complained of the brewers supplying private persons with five-gallon kegs of beer at the same price as they paid, and it was decided that the deputation should request them to discontinue the practice. Other persons spoke of the advantages of forming a Licensed Victuallers' Association, and Mr. Clinch said it was his intention to bring it about. The meeting then adjourned. . The Worn Coinage.—Friday, July 14, we would remind traders, is the latest day that the Treasury will receive smooth and defaced coin. On this subject, the Mount Gambier Standard writes:—"The two local Banks have sent away nearly £1,000 worth of worn silver within the last few days, and will probably obtain a supply of new coins immediately to replace the with drawn currency. We also hear that a leading firm in this town has followed a similar course, so that for a few days at .least we may anticipate a scarcity of 'change.' Worn silver is not now taken without a deduction of 5 or 10 per cent." Viceregal.—His Excellency the Governor held an Executive Council on Wednesday morn ing, July 12, at which all the Ministers were present except the Hon. Treasurer. The Steam Launch.—It is rumoured that the expedition to the Northern Territory will be furnished with the steam launch which was recently constructed at Port Adelaide, and been found of great service in various ways. She would he desirable and efficient aid to the party, as in the waters of the Roper the craft would work admirably. Scholastic.—Mr. B. Willshire, of Talisker, will succeed Mr, John Lloyd at Port Wallaroo, Viceregal.—We are informed 4hat on Mon day evening, ■ July 10, -His Excellency the Governor entertained the following ladies and. gentlemen at dinner, at Government House:—_ His Excellency Mr. DuCane and the Hon. Mrs- _ DuCane, Lieut.-Colonel the Hon. W. Feilding (Coldstream Guards), the Commissioner of Public Works. and Mrs. Carr, the Hon. Mr-, Bullock Andrews, Q.C., Mrs. and Miss Andrews, Mr. and Mrs. William Boothby, the Very Bey. the Dean of Adelaide, Mrs. and Miss Russell, and Mr. Chichester. Afterwards His Excel-' lency entertained a small party. Ministerial.—The Commissioner of Public Works has just returned from a hurried visit to. the country lying northwards of the Hoyle's Plains and Burra Termini of the Northern rail ways, his object being to examine the character of the land which would be traversed by the proposed extensions of those lines—one in 'the direction of Blyth's Plains, the other towards Mount Bryan. Whilst employed in this duty Mr. Carr travelled over a great deal of newly settled country, as well as land which has not. yet been brought under cultivation, and being himself practically acquainted with agriculture will no doubt be able to give . valuable. hints to bis colleague the Commissioner of Crown Lands as to the blocks that should be reserved for the benefit of farmers. Inquest.—On Monday afternoon, July 10, an inquest was held by Mr. W. Harcus, J.P., on the body of Boston Johnson, who, died at the Adelaide Hospital on July 8. Mr. Samuel Smith was Foreman. Samuel Orby Carey, qualified medical practitioner, stated that on May 23 he saw deceased, who was in bed at his own house, Brighton. Found a compound comminuted fracture of the lower third of the left leg. One bone- protruded about three inches. .Reduced the fracturfe and sent the patient to the HospitaL Henry Johnson stated that on May 23, at day light, he was .called to see his brother, who had crawled from a cart to his own house. Imme diately sent for Dr. Carey. Deceased said a cart tipped up backwards purely by accident, and fell upon his leg. He was perfectly sober. The accident toek place in front of deceased's own door. A person was with him who lived at the Horseshoe, but witness did not knowbisname. Frederick Lockwood Logan,* House Surgeon, Adelaide Hospital, said—Deceased was brought in on May 23. Found that he had a compound comminuted fracture of the left leg. Removed loose pieces of bone, and put up the limb in the usual way. On May 31 Dr. Wylde, after con sultation with the Honorary Surgeons, removed a piece of the fractured end of the bone. After a few days abscesses formed in the leg, and a discharge came from it. On Saturday, July 8, Dr. Wylde called a consultation with the Honorary Surgeons, and they determined to amputate the leg as the only means of possibly saving the man. It was taken off in the after noon, but Johnson never rallied after the opera tion, and died the same evfening. Considered the immediate cause ot death to have been the shock to the system from the amputation. There was no mortification. Deceased had not . a strong constitution. By a Juror — Never heard any complaints as to attendance. Chloro form was used. There _ were never any complaints made to witness as to the attention of nurses. Henry Johnson, recalled, stated that deceased was married. His wife was in the house, but did not witness the accident, as she had not risen, the hour being very early. Deceased crawled into the bouse on bis hands and knees. The distance was about 10 or 15 yards. Dr. Logan, recalled, deposed that de ceased was conscious after the amputation, and, as far as he knew, up to the time of his death. Saw him an hour before dissolution. Agreed with the Honorary Surgeon that the limb ought to be saved if possible. The brother of deceased here volunteered a statement to the effect that a cart loaded with fish was standing with the ends of the shafts resting on a fence, the back of the vehicle being supported by a prop. Deceased wanted to put a horse in, and asked a fisherman to hold the prop while he lifted the shafts. In doing so he saw that the weight was too much for the .man, and ran back to assist him, when the cart tipped up and fell upon deceased. The Jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," with the fol lowing rider:—"That the Jury wish to add a censure to the trooper that had charge of the. case for the inefficient manner in which he has collected the evidence." The Coroner said he must append the rider, as it was their wish, but he must say that it involved an absurdity, as there was no trooper at all concerned in the matter, and a telegram had been received from the Bay to the effect that the only witness living there was Dr. Carey. The fisherman mentioned was supposed .to be residing at Noarlunga, and. his name was unknown. The Jury admitted that this person's evidence was not required, but they thought he should have been sent for, as well as the wife of deceased. Henry Johnson here stated that Mrs. Johnson was seriously ill, and unable to be present at the enquiry. The constable who attended the inquest said the man died late ou Saturday, the report was received at the station at 10 o'clock, and Monday was fixed for the inquest. The Coroner thought there was no blame attachable to any one, and the * Jury admitted that the evidence before them was satisfactory, but decided that the rider should remain. Jottings op a Journal—Mr. Peter Campbell has published, in pamphlet form, extracts from his journal as a bush missionary, Scripture reader, and itinerating temperance lecturer, and favours us with an early copy. The jottings are iu style a little cL la Westwood in their minute mode of particularizing small incidents, but may interest some folk. The biographical sketch, which is short and ample, yet comprehensive, states th^fc the writer is 40 years of age, was articled in the legal profession, arrived in Aus tralia in 1853, and has since travelled on foot through a large portion of South -Australia, Victoria, New~ South Wales, and Queensland, working occasionally as a digger, bushman, newsagent, or writer. He dates an entire change iu his convictions, tastes, and resolves from a period when he was a patient in the Adelaide HospitaL In his present occupation Mr. Campbell has distributed 1,900 tracts, lectured 70 times, read the Bible to small audiences, visited at huts, walked, carrying 40 to 60 lbs. of luggage, books, &c.;, 1,232 miles, and got 149 signatures to the teetotal pledge. The little work is closed with several sketches and some rhymes; the former have no very striking marks of excellence, and in the latter the .reader may 'recognise a good intention where he fails to find poetry.* Ocean Mait. Arrangements.—The Melbourne papers mention that in consequence of the New Zealand Government making fresh arrangements as to their mails per the P. & 0\. Company's steamers, the Victorian Government will have to pay £10,000 per annum more of a subsidy. Telegraph Changes.—There is, the Watch believes, some probability of a change being made in the Telegraph Department at Mount Gambier, by which an amalgamation of the two offices will result. Under the present arrange ment the Victorian and South Australian '* sides" are quite distinct from each other; but by the new plan contemplated South Australia will take sole management of the office. Mr. Mueller, of the Telegraph Department at Gam bierton, the same paper is informed, will shortly leave the Mount to take charge of one of the Overland Telegraph Stations beyond Port Augusta. Efficient Teaching.—We have reason to believe that the arrangement entered into for the education of the young people on the Moonta Mines is affording great satisfaction to all parties concerned, writes the Wallaroo paper. " For a payment of 3d. per week education at a night school is given by the best masters in the district, and stationery and school books are found. Indeed, at one school, where there is understood to be a highly qualified master, an enlargement of the premises is contemplated, there being now the names of 200 boys on the books, and number being unable to obtain admittance owing to the building being more than full. In the face of this and other accounts we have been able to furnish of the progress of the education movement on the Peninsula, the Legislature should not find any overwhelming difficulty in next session passing an educational scheme for the colony. Three things appear to be required; that it should be cheap, obligatory, and efficient." Sheep for Adelaide.—A flock of 5,000 fat wethers from Weinteriga, in charge of Mr. Gillespie, passed Reid's, at Lake Victoria, on July 2, and 4,000 from Mr. E. S. Bonney's Moomba Station, Upper Darling, on the 4th; also 2,500 fat ewes belonging to Mr. Wm. Reed, of Tolarno, on the 5th, all for Adelaide. Wattle Bark.—At Portland the Clara and Carl is on the point of clearing for Britain with a cargo of chopped bark, and a lot of 500 tons more is ready for another vessel to follow. Mine Scavenging.—Some sanitary arrange ments, in promoting which, the Wallaroo Times believes, Dr. Herbert took a prominent part, are now in operation on the Moonta Mines, and are found to work admirably and to be produc tive of much good. A small sum is subscribed weekly by each man on the mines, and the amount is then supplemented by the Company, when it is disbursed for scavenging in the mining township. Where so much surface water is used for drinking and for culinary purposes, and where the ground is thickly studded with residents, the advantages that must accrue to the population from impurities, both of an animal and vegetable nature, that are too frequently allo wed to accumulate around dwelling-houses and in streets, being removed, must be considerable. The Overland Telbgraph.—The telegraph line has now been completed from Port Augusta to Beltana, a distance of ISO miles, and on Wednesday messages were exchanged between* Adelaide and the latter plane. Mr. Johnston is "We understand that the poles upon Mr. fmgors portion of the telegraph line have been erected : as far as Motmt'Margaret, and that the wiring beyond Beltana is being rapidly proceed ed wit)i.. In a few weeks more oommunioataoh will be - es tablished with the Peake. NORTHERN TEEBITOBY SUGARCANEB. — The sngarcanes brought by the Gulnare were taken to the Crown Lands Office on Wednesday where we had an opportunity of seeing them. " They measure 14 feet in length, and axe about -the tiiioVnftiw of a man's arm. Theinner portion of the stems abound, in saccharine - matter, proving beyond doubt the adaptubflity_of the soil and climate of Port Darwin for the growth of sugar. The canes at the time of cutting were of between ten and eleven months' growth, having been planted in July, which is the middle of the dry season. Had they been put in at the proper time the result would doubtless hare been -still more encourag ing. Accompanying the canes are some samples of the soil in which they were grown, and which has been previously described. * -His Excellency the Governor and his Private Secre tary inspected the specimens on Wednesday morning, and they will in a day or two be sent to the Exchange for general exhibition. In the meantime they may be seen by those interested at the Crown Lands Office. The Fijian Protectorate.—Surely now that Tbakombau has, with the help of other terri torial Chiefs decided upon adopting a Constitu tion, Fiji will, notwithstanding that Great Britain had previously declined to annex or protect her, rise to a position in the scale of ' nations, for a telegram announces that the Sandwich Islands have actually .volunteered, to take the many-named country under the aegis of the Hawiian flag. Unfortunately, however, another message merely speaks of an intended recognition. Cricketing Association.—A meeting of the Committee of this Society .was held at ther Prince Alfred Hotel on Tuesday evening, July 11; Mr. J. Colton, jun., presided, and 11 members attended. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. E. M. Ashwin, seconded by Mr. - C. H. Franklin, that nothing should be done to the playing-ground until the Legislature had come to a decision on the Cricketers BilL Gymnastic.—On Tuesday evening, July n, a number of amateur gymnasts, under the title of the Blondin Company, gave an exhibition of their performances in the Port Town Hall, and attracted a crowded house. The programme comprised horizontal bars, tingle and double trapeze exercises, tight and slack rope walking, balancing and tumbling, interspersed . with, comic songs. The company consist of , E. Franklin, B. Miller, H. Forbes, H. Jury,; T. Turner, W. Mansen, and G. Middleton, yho have been. training for the past few months, under the instruction of Dir. J. Hore, and the' audience were agreeably surprised at wit nesting their feats, executed with a grace and daring which would not have disgraced pro fessionals. The entertainment concluded With, a laughable pantomime.. . - Biveb News.—The steamer Goolwa, Dixon, passed Waukminga at noon on July 8 for the" Upper Darling. The Telegraph, Capt. Fuller, with barge, from Milang, left Wauk minga on the same day with a general cargo for Cuthero (Mr. Pile's station), on the Darling. Cabin passengers—Mrs. Fuller and two children, Mrs. Hamlyn, Misses Baylen and Ledger, Messrs. Charles Pile" and Hamlyn. We Save been favoured with the following items from private letters:—"Tarcoola, July 8.— The weather is dry and cold. The Darling is falling, but another rise is expected." "Went worth, July 10.—The river is still gradually rising." " Netley, July 7.—The river rose altogether about six feet from the lowest point of wis season; about half of that has again gone down, and _ the stream" is now falling five inches in 24' hours." " Yelta, July 10. — The river during the past week rose seven inches." "Moorca, July 10.— Biver still rising slowly." " Tonrale, Upper Darling, July 3.—The river is stationary at 4.feet 6 above summer level, making about 7 feet 4 inches of water, and is navigable to Bourke. There is no doubt but we will have another rise, as there have been heavy .rains northward." "Bourke, July 3.—The river is still navigable, but the water is verv low." Bepbesentatton op Light.—Mr. C. H. T. Connor has received a numerously-signed requi sition from the electors residing in the southern, part of the District of Light inviting him to' become a candidate at the approaching election. We are not in a position to state authoritatively what answer Mr. Connor will return, but beUeve he would he willing to accede to the request if it is seconded by the electors of the northern portion of the district. In that case there will be a contest, Mr. James White being in the field. The Agricultural Society's Ploughing Match.—The City Corporation have agreed to allow the Boyal Agricultural and Horticultural Society the use of the north-west corner of the West Park Lands for their annual ploughing match. The Tobbens Dam.—It will be seen from our report of the City Council's proceedings that the Corporation have decided to accept. Messrs. Bastard & Anderson's tender, for the erection of a Torrens Dam on certain specified conditions. Overland Telegraph.—The tenderof Messrs.. Carter & Pitman, at £3,467, for the erection of an electric telegraph office and officers' quarters at Port Darwin, has been accepted by the Govern ment. The late Rev. S. Keen.—On Sunday even ing, July 9, the Bev. T. Piper delivered a sermon in the Bible Christian Chapel^ Young street, having special reference to the death of the Bev. S. Keen, which occurred recently. The first six verses of the 90th Psalm formed the subject of the discourse, which was listened to by a very large congregation. Mr. Piper having referred to the circumstances which probably led to the penning of the Psalm, spoke of the uncertainty of life, , pointing out that it was entirely at the disposal of God, and the wisdom therefore of making Him a refuge, as by so doing a consciousness of perfect security even in the midst of death would be gained. Having dilated on these points, he spoke of the decease of the late Mr. Keen, saying the suddenness of his attack showed how uncer tain life was, and the unavailing efforts of, medical skill revealed that his life was beyond man's keeping. But still his refuge was in God, and although the nature of his disease pre vented him saying much during Ms short Al ness, still it should be remembered that it is not that which was said in death that gave security, but what was lived during life. With regard to the early career of the deceased he (Mr. Piper) knew but little : but he knew that while a youth he became the subject of converting grace, and after a time began to exhort and publicly entreat sinners to be reconciled to God. Subsequently he entered into their Connexional Institute, and after spending some time there he was received as a minister of the denomination. His first four years were spent in England. Then he came to this colony, in wMch he had laboured for 19 years. His efforts were charac terized by zeal and success. Many of the posi tions they occupied, and many of their places of worship, and also of their churches, were due. to the zeal of the late Mr. Keen. His desire for church extension amounted almost to a passion. He spent his life in the service of Christ, and found peace and security in God when the end came. They had lost a friend—a loving, forgiving friend. The Church had lost an earnest worker, and they could ill afford to lose earnest workers, but, in the words of the text, they took comfort in God, who was their refuge. In conclusion he said all friendsHp blended in God; so that their friend was not lost, but only gone before; and as the church was God's He would doutless provide meaus for carrying on the work, although He removed His worker. At the conclusion of the service the hymn " Vital Spark" was sung by the choir, and the service, which was of a veiy solemn and im pressive nature, terminated. The pulpit and platform were draped in black, and whilst the congregation were leaving the " Dead March in Saul" was played upon the harmonium. New Congregational Chapel. — The Bev. James Jefferis, LL.B., left by the Aldinga on Tuesday for Melbourne, to open to-morrow a new Congregational Chapel on Victoria-parade. It is stated to be a large and handsome struc ture, over £10,000 having been spent in its eree '.uon. When on his way to England a few years ago, and being detained in Melbourne longer than expected for a vessel, Mr. Jefferis received a cordial invitation from this congregation to remain permanently with them as pastor. He preferred his South Australian charge, and the Melbourne suburban church obtained a minister elsewhere. The Caroline Murder.—We give elsewhere a report of the examination of Carl Jung and his confession. It is stated that the Court-Hou e was densely crowded. The culprit appeared very miserable, and seemed to feel his terrible position very keenly. At one time he sank down in the dock, and Ihe Sergeant's attention being directed to him, he was assisted to stand again. Youths' Journal.—We have received No. 7 of this periodical, which is issued in an enlarged form. New Lutheran Church.-—Thefoundation stone of the Lutheran Church about ' to bo erected In Flmdere-street will be laid bytibe •Ret.-'G. A. Han sel, of Blambeic. K'cd^ait of the Lutheran Synod- It was greatly desired that Sir James Fergusson should perform 'the ceremony, but on being asked the Governor replied to the effect that he hadmade it azote nottoperform suchoeremomes,forif he did so at one church he would be expected to(te> so at another, and If he declined In particular cases, he wouldgive offence. Allarrangements have been made so that the proceedings shall be in keepingwith the object and worthy, of those who have charge bf lhe -preliminaries. -No doubt there wul be f a - large attendance:, of Genzhncolonistsontheinteresting occasion. Sc. Mast's Cathedral^ Sydney. —From .Ereaison Brothere We 'recexved in advance an , intended _ supplement to the fiy&ney; Ma" representing theabove noble and . .xxie commnea CDwEnim ana. atnuing effect of the structure are well jbropghtoat in theyiew presented. While Mr-W. W. Wardell, as architect, has produced something worth Styling acathedral, reminding the beholder of more than one old Minster, -the lithographers • ?>aye done their work well, and the 'ptmlishers, in issuing so artistic '.an' addition to their paper, have also earned praise.1 • • ■ Ms. H. K Hughes, M.P.—We leant thatthis representative of the Port Adelaide' Electoral Ihsinethas had quite an ovation daring a "visit paid this week to the Yorke's Peninsula portion' of his constituency.; -Addresses were presented, complimentary speeches made, and cordiaL ex pressions of goodwill exchanged. - Nearly Lost.—After aseverestorm ;in the Western District; Mrs. James Sinclair,jum,~teffc her home to visit a neighbour's, but lo4 her ; way, and was out a night and twodays.lfeyeral men from Port Lincoln went In search'without success, butfortunately shefouhd a horse bob bled, which guided her to the owner's tent, where some men were fencing, 10 miles from .Mrs. Sinclair's home. ■* Smuggling _ Flqur.—A .correspondent, resi dent some distance north of Horsham, wJla the attention of the Ararat Advertiser to a practice'.'of smuggling Sour across' the South Australian border into Victoria without being .duty paid. Whilst believing the main facts to be correct, -the same journal asserts that'- the . duty is not only demanded, bat in ail recent action on the port of the police stationed ' in tile . vicinity of or at Dimboola.■ -£ Land ljEcaBLAnoK.-^-We notice that recent despatches received from the Agent- General of Victoria notify that the land Act and Regula tions of Victoria have been translated .into German, and copies of the translation circulated throughout ■ Germany, . This is an , example which we may very appropriately copy so soon as our land laws are brought into such a coherent and liberal form, as te make it'worth bnrwbite The Goenare,—This Northern Ybrritory vessel no sooner arrived in Port Adelaide than preparations weremade to lay her on the Patent Slip. On Monday afternoonthe artificers com The Balloon Ascent.—W e have been ahown by Mr. Farndell, of Hindi ey-street, an instantaneous . photograph of "Storih-tereace, opposite the Cattle Yards, as it appeared on Saturday -last just before -the: balloon ascent. The crowd, ana the great object-of attraction, which is seen just Above the;wall, are brought out very clearly, particularly the, figures in the central- foreground.:: Many-persons who were there may recognise themselves in ^tii» picture. The artist has "held as 'twere the mirror up to nature" to sotae'purpose. . T . >-- - - Point Macleay Mission.—The Rev. George Taplin: writes to correct a mistake which occurred in the Observer some weeks ago con cerning a donation of £100 to the Point Macleay mission.' Instead of coming from Mr. Smith of Duresk, as printed,- the giver was Mrs.-Smith, of Dunesk, Scotland. Mr. Taplin adds: - " You will perhaps allow me to inform you that Mrs. Smith is the daughter of the late Hon. Henry Erskine, the great lawyer, the brother of the late Earl of Buchan. Her brother succeeded his uncle in the earldom; but Mrs. Smith, of Dunesk, preferred to remain without title, although requested by her brother to assume that of Lady Henrietta Smith. This venerable lady is now 89 years of age, and her devotion to Christ and saintly piety are a more honourable distinction than any aristocratic rank could confer." , Tm Sihonsens.—72te farewell concert.of the Simonsen Opera Company .was attended by a .large and enthusiastic audience* including Ufa Excellency the Governor, Miss .Fetgiisspn, and suite, and His Excellency Mr. DuCaney^ Mrs. DuCane, and suite. The various members of the troupe never appeared togreater advantage, and each -one was more or less honoured, with encores. Madame Simonsen's and Miss Eas down's rendering of the third act of " Norma" was the chief feature in the. programme, and a rare entertainment in itself. Mr..Siinonsen pro duced amongst his violin solos one oh themes from "Sounambula," and another on the air " Auld Robin Gray," which probably surpassed indelicacy of manipulation and deplh.of ex pression any of his tenner performances. The Late Case of Suicide.—A. correspon dent,.who sendsus his.name,-andwhoappears to have been well acquainted with the late un fortunate Mr. Pearson, writes to rus that'"the deceased often suffered from fits of melancholy, not from drink. He had lost a. dearly-beloved wife afewdays after his marriage, and hp had. other very severe, bereavements, enough to upset the intellect of-any -ordinary "inn.- TTnd the whole truth been elicited, perhaps the. Jury migbtbave. brought in a different verdict; than 'Felo de so*" His remains.were interred in the North-road Cemetery, on Saturday, after noon. We hear that the Lodge of Oddfellows to which deceased belonged took charge of thb funeral arrangements, one of the officials stating at the gravihthat owing to the peculiar circum stances the usual funeral service would be omitted. Alleged Extortion.—A person who had been indulging in choice Billingsgate diluted with colonial beer was charged 10s. on Monday morning, and paid the sum under protest, ex pressing strong disgust at what he considered an exorbitant demand. Marine Insurance.—In the Supreme Court on July 5th a decision was given in Fisher v. the Adelaide Marine Insurance Company, as to the meaning of the words "at sea," in a policy of insurance on a chip. Mr. A. G. Usher had insured the brig Sarah with the dnfondgnfa:, but as the policy was about to expire wished it extended. The vessel was then lying in the Clarence River, New South Wales. The Local Secretary agreed to extend the policy to the voyage from Grafton to Melbourne (Grafton being situate on the Clarence River and 45 miles from the sea), and gave a cover note to that effect. The cover note contained the words " vessel being at sea." She was ad- ' mittedly at that time inside the bar of the Clarence River, although she had left Grafton several days before. The point discussed was whether she could be said to be " at sea" when she was actually in the river. The Court was of opinion that the policy meant to cover the voyage from one port (Grafton) to another (Mel bourne), and that the vessel was " at sea" when she left Grafton, and therefore gave judgment for the plaintiff. Paper Bag Factory.—The starting of a com paratively simple manufacture, yet one that there ought to be abundant room for, is notified in our business columns.^ In addition to grocers', confectioners', and fruiterers' paper bags, the proprietors announce their intention to make lawyers' deed-packets, traders' sample packets, and lawyers' deed envelopes. Amateur Entertainment.—Notwithstanding the unfavourable weather the amateur entertain ment in aid of the widow and orphans of the late Mr. Henry Lewis, given in the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Wednesday evening, July 5, was largely attended; in fact there were few vacant seats. The ■ Mayor, Mr. J. Formby, presided. The first portion of the programme consisted of songs, &e.;, d la Christy Minstrels, which were well received. They were interspersed with the_ usual comicalities, some of which were original and created much amusement. In the second part Mr. W. Braddock recited "Charles Edward's Anniversary of Culloden;" Mr. T. Smith, jun., "The Newcastle Apothe cary" and "The Charge of the Light Brigade;" all of which were deservedly applauded. Mr. D. Reid also amused the audience with capital comic songs in character; as also did Mr. Bews in a reading. A negro burlesque, written for the occasion, entitled " The Levee of 1871" closed the proceedings. In the course of it the precedency dispute, the North-parade deputa tion, and other events were amusingly parodied" but the piece appeared to have been prepared rather hurriedly, and some of the performers were hardly up in their parts; hence the point of several jokes was lost. Financially the enter tainment was highly successful. Testimonial.—On Saturday, July 8, the employes in Mr. Dowie's boot factory presented their foreman, Mr. T. Cunningham, with a fare well address, accompanied by a present of a gold Albert chain and locket, as a mark of esteem on his leaving. The recipient replied in a few well selected words. Horse Accident. — On Monday afternoon George Reece, a lad, was thrown off a horse on South-terrace, and- his arm was broken at the elbow-joint. He was taken to the Adelaide Hospital, where the broken limb was set by Dr. Ellison. i ' Bakossa GoIiD-Fieujs. ■—The correspondent \--'•-•■of tbs tths fiumbug Scrub Is encouraging, whliams '--lias found gold in his-claim. -In the solid reef Goddardiaa had two tons of tailings crushed with-a Y®ryfair resultmore claims are being V taken out. 'The New Zealand party working in the bed of the river are cutting their tail race, ; and getting gold as thfiy proceed. They are very sanguine of success. The discovery made by vAlten, one of the Government prospectors, is ' • being 'further developed, gold being obtained . in several claims, and consequent disputes . miring. I was lipid lately as a positive fact . that Ike alluvial diggers who were working _ on Costello's reef claim actually got £90 worth ef gpld in one week. It was well known at the time that they had hit upon something very rich, but it is only by degrees that the above . information has been obtained. Notwithstanding , ;; thevendouBted richness of the spot, it.issur-1 I.;/■prising that seareelySO men are at work. This contrasts in a remarkable rrnmnor with the i ; energy and.excrtement shown in the neighbour mg colonies when a new- discovery is announced. . Last week's Atutm&uuui-; mentions a rush which recently took place in.New. South Wales, where •.<2,000people_were quickly on the spot. .-Some. such roshes in/this colony, provided the diggers . . worked with a will, would undoubtedly soon .. result in the openh^ up cf more extensive gold ■ fields than any we have yet seen. 'We mayhope to hear of some.—— J 1*~, r— — •« Inquest at the Stockade.—On Friday, July 14, Mr. T. Ward, J.P., held an inquest at the Yatala Labour Prison, with Mr. W. Rains as Foreman, on the body of an aboriginal known as Bookmark Jack. John Fisher, Medical Officer to the Prison, stated that deceased had been under his notice for a considerable time. His symptoms of lung disease assumed a serious character about three months ago and the dis order gradually became worse. Had seen him almost daily for the last three months. He died of disease of the lungs—consumption. In the beginning of May reported the case to the Comptroller as likely to terminate fatally. By the Foreman—Attended deceased as though he were a white man. He had everything he required, and had not done work for some time, witness thought for two months. Edward Bates Scott, Superintendent of the Prison, said Book mark Jack was undergoing a sentence of impri sonment for life with hard labour. Deceased had been in the prison about two years and four months. Never considered him a very strong man. Had noticed his health failing for some time, and. especially during tire past four months. His attention was directed to this by the medical officer during the last two or three months. Deceased placed himself on the sick-list, and witness had no further power after prisoners did so except as to their escape. Knew deceased had necessary comforts during his illness. By the Foreman Expected deceased's death. Dr. Fisher, re called. By a Juror—Last saw deceased alive on the morning of July 12. Visited the prison on the 13th. Deceased was then dead. His decease was only a question or time; it was expected. The Coroner intimated that there seemed ample evidence to show the cause of death. Twelve of the Jury agreed with this opinion, but one thought that a prisoner should be called to give further testimony. The Coroner, as 12 out of a Jury of 13 did not con sider this necessary, and thinking it undesir able to take up more time without need, did not, however, call other witnesses. The Jury then returned the following verdict after a few minutes' consideration :—"We-believe that the deceased, Bookmark Jack, died of disease of the lungs, and not otherwise.". The Jury, with two exceptions, requested the Coroner to attach ] the following rider:—''That .they consider deceased had been well attended to in prison." Powdeb Exelosion.—At the Euko Minn au . explosion of powder took place the other day j unexpectedly, and as a very unfortunate result there is every probability of Captain Lord losing his eyesight. . Defaced Coinage.—We are informed that : close upon £1,100 worth of worn and defaced I coins were received at the Treasury up to Friday, July 14, which was thB last day of acceptance. 1 , Something Ltw & ghost. — Mr. W. T. j , Tregilgas, a well-known resident of Strathalbvn, j -writes to the local Press as follows:—" Whilst j taking a walk very early one morning, through J some motive whion I cannot account for, I was j induced towalkthroughacertainburying-ground, 1 and coming to a grave surrounded by a wall .and I «overed,with a slab of slate, I noticed on the J slate something strange. It was scarcely light j , enough to see distinctly at first, but after ! waiting some-few minutes I could see it plainly, ] and it appeared to he a ride view -of a female. 1 I could distinctly trace the head and J body &nd; the skirts, apparently full! size. Not being satisfied with the right I j rubbed my hand on. the form and found j TOat portion of the slate was perfectly diy, j whilst the parts outride the form were very wet I with the dew wMch had fallen, and still not I bemg satisfied I walked away and came baric in I about 15 or 20 minutes after, and still the form I , was there, so I determined upon visiting it-1 Sgain neat morning, -which I did, and continued I doing so for a week or more. During this time j l_- I only sawthe form once after the first morning; J but not bring a believer in supernatural appear- 1 1 snces I tried to define the cause, but failed. In 1 -the course of conversation I told Mr. Morton I what I had seen, and he visited the place and j saw the foim, although not so plain as it was I when I saw it. The form was to be seen, and it I has briln seen since by others. Now, I believe j there is some natural cause -which produces this I '; sthinge appearance, and perhapB some person 1 ujjon reading this will be able to satisfy the ! oimds of those who have seen it, although many I things have been advanced by people as-the j probable reuse, but none that seems satisfactory I to my mind and those who have been eye- J witnesses of the right." 1 Northern Territory Specimens.—By: the j Gnlnare the Museum of the South Australian In- I statute received II bottles, containing fine speci- 1 \- mens of Northern Territory snakes, reptiles, and j otherobjectsof interest,preserved in spirits, from 1 Bub-Inspector Foelsche. Mr. Stapleton also j landly forwarded the only specimen of the | PoSphila mirabilis, or beautiful grassfinch which I had been seen there. This one was shot by him 1 on the Boper. This bird—the loveliest of the J finch tribe—is thus described by Gould:— I Crown of the head and cheeks of a beautiful j nanrune, bounded posteriorly by a narrow line j of black; throat black; to this succeeds a band I of pale blue; narrow on the throat and broad at the back of the neck; -breast -crossed by a broad I band of lilac separated from the yellow of the abdomen by a narrow line of orange; rump^and I upper-rail coverts pale blue; quills brown;'tail I black; bm fleshy wMte, becoming red at the i tap; feet flesh colour." ( New Gold Find.—A new piece of auriferous I ground has been discovered between the old Efchunga workings and Jupiter, half a mile east of Chapel HilL Mr. E. G. Hughes has been I working there for seven weeks, and although perhaps many men would turn away from similar prospects, he is induced by the return of seven and I •eight shillings' worth a week to continue steadily working in the hope of coining upon a heavier I deposit by tracing the lead which he has found. Tho gold, of which we were shown a sample, is -of a very bright colour, and fetches above the -average price at the Bank. This superiority in quality makes the discoverer believe that there is something better not far off, and we hope his j perseverance may be rewarded by his coming upon it. Nobtheen Tebbitoby Photographs.—it will be observed from an advertisement in another column that photographs of scenery in the J Northern Territory can be purchased at Mr J. Williams's, King William-street. They are from negatives taken by Captain Sweet, of the I Gulnare, and are worth possessing, not only I because of their execution, but the of landscapes represented. The luxuriant foliage, wrneh forms the chief feature in the views of 1 Stokess Hill' and the "Jungle, twelve miles I from Camp," is clearly brought out, and in the foreground of the latter picture are to be seen the figures of the Government Resident and several other persons. The views of "Fort HAL," the "Garden and King's Table," and the Camp and Government Resident's House" give a good idea of the progress of settlement and primitive style of architecture adopted in the Northern Territory. Altogether , the series win well repay inspection, \- 2^™ °? Mr- Wilson Hardy.— We have hy ***■• Catchlove of the Mr. Hardy> of to* well-known HardJ & Co-> Melbourne. The deceased, in connection formerly with the late Jar. a. ri. Haussen, and more recently with the Kaussen & Catchlove, has done a great ^Ltfr,f?^er the export trade of South Aus -rtin loot f>n^u°e> frmt, and cereals during j tte^lartlS^ra and his loss will be seriously +E5= 2^ 7 bas mainy private friends in this colony, to whom his death will be a source of sorrow. He was m Adelaide about sixmonths SgO. | they suppiy the local demand, but also exnoi+ Tf ^th a ready eale, not only at Sr A ai?° at Eeveral of the inland ^bmh the fish immediately on its bemg landed is forwarded by rail. Mil. R. D. Ross.—The question has been asked by several of those interested in the pro gress of the Northern Territory and the tele graphline, whetherMr. R. D. Ross was to proceed to Palmerston on-behalf of the Government. To this we are enabled to answer that no such' arrangement has been made. Mr. Ross' services were much required; but .we believe that the' negotiation relative to his going to Palmerston was not successful, and as the matter now stands he is not likely to be away toom Adelaide more than about six weeks. AmrT.ftTTVK Football Club.—Amatchbetween the North and South teams will be played on the football ground this (Saturday) afternoon. The Railways.—Not only does the Gazette. continue to give the weekly returns of traffic upon the Port and Northern Railways, but it 'now furnishes monthly statements respecting the other lines. For the month ending June 24, 80 passengers and 665^ tons of goods were conveyed along the Port Wakefield line, yielding an' income, wharfage dues included, of £196 13s. 5d. During the same period the Southern Railways brought in £14116s., being the amount charged for the conveyance of 750 passengers and 277f tons of goods. Fike Brigade.—-We are told that the Super intendent of Fire Brigades has had several meetings for practice with a number of smart young men, who have been lately, enrolled, The corps , has greatly improved during the short time that has elapsed since it was reorganized. At first the members were drilled in opening the pings, putting down the hydrants, screwing on branch pipes, running off lengths of hose from the reel, attaching them to the hydrants, turning on the water, and reeling up, and making all snug. In the beginning these r rations occupied from 15 to 20 minutes; but force having'gradually become more effi cient, the whole process was, at a practice on Friday morning early, managed three times in less than 90 seconds each time. The men performed the whole of the operations from a fresh plug, and reeled up ready for a start home in two minutes and a half. All the foremen belonging to the four reels situated in South Adelaide are new. at. the work, having been engaged on July 1. The North Adelaide reel is still in charge of Messrs. G. Harris and R. C. Clark, who have served for nine years as members of the brigade. Charitable. — On Tuesday evening the children of the -Magill Orphan School enjoyed a treat in the exhibition of a large collection of dissolving views by Mr. Headdy, of the Port road,, whose kindness was thoroughly appre ciated. • The late Mbs. Wilson, of Onkaparinga.— In. the country correspondence column of the Register and jObservei• there has appeared a notice reporting the proceedings at'a complimentary dinner given to Mr. R. T. R. Wilson, late clerk to the Onkaparinga Council. Mr. J.Johnston, J.P., presided, and there were present about 40 residents, including the Chairman and members of thel District Council, who testified to their guest's worth and ability, while they expressed regret at his intention to leave for Europe. It was understood that while Mr. Wilson expected to improve his position by returning to Tweed mouth, where his tether carries on a large iron foundry, yet the long-continued weak health of his wife was also a strong inducement in going. His friends will be grieved at learning from our obituary notices that she died on Friday morning at a friend's residence in Adelaide, where she has been staying till arrangements were com pleted for embarking. Her remains were re moved on Friday for interment at Woodside. Northern Territory Employment.—It seems that Mr. R. C. Patterson is besieged by applicants for employment oh the Port Darwin sections of thie Overland Telegraph line, and receives so many letters, from persons wanting places, or recommending those who do, that he has found it necessary to announce in the business columns of the Register inability to answer written enquiries or requests. He also notifies that on Monday, between hours stated, a sort of levee will be held, where he will finally receivd personal offers of service. Norwood and Kensington Corporation.— This Corporation met on Thursday evening for the consideration of the By-laws, which were partly gone through, and the Council then adjourned. Seizure on the River.—The Wentworth cor respondent of the Southern Argus says:—" The J. H. P. steamer, Captain Wallace, that passed up some two weeks ago, got into trouble at Wilcannia. She had on board beer belonging to Mr. Dutton, of Goolwa, a passenger on board. It was industriously hawked ail the way up, but at Wilcannia the police seized the boat and ale, fined the captain £10 and costs for hawking without a licence, £30 and costs for carrying beer for sale, and con fiscated all the ale. An information was then laid against Mr. Dutton for selling 18 gallons at Menindie, and he was fined £30 and costs. Another information for selling kegs at other places was withdrawn. . The owners of the boat were fortunate in not having the boat con fiscated." The writer continues:—"It is evident that the police up there are determined to put a stop to the enormous amount of illegal traffic that has been carried on by the steam boats on the river to the detriment of the resident traders. The same thing is of daily occurrence here. I wonder when those whose duty it is will begin to look after the matter; they certainly want waking up a little." Flax Culture.—Under the auspices of the Chamber of Manufactures, the series of- letters, Which Mr. S. V. Pizoy, the Hon. See. of that Institution, contributed to the Register and Observer on the subject of flax cultivation, is now published in pamphlet form. Dismissal.—The case against the youth Daniels, who was arrested in Melbourne lately on a charge of larceny, was heard on July 12 at Moonta, and dismissed. The police then instituted a second charge of misappropriation as a" bailee, but the result was the same, and the prisoner was discharged. Mining Shares.—From Moonta our corre spondent writes that Paramatta and Hamley shares readily fetch £8 now, and Poonas have been sold .at 10s. during the week. Employment of Females.—A Melbourne paper says :—"The ladies are pushing then way into the colony. A few years back, at every restaurant and hotel in town rough handed'men were dispensers of the refresh ment sought for the inner man. Smiling Hebes are now to be found occupying their places, and proving an agreeable change. The tele graph offices, according to Mr. Francis, are to be invaded by the ladies, and suave Mr. Turner will surely give -them a welcome at the Post Office. Lightly and deftly they will sort the letters, and will quench the inquisitiveness for which the daughters of Eve are proverbial. The Board of Education is following suit in giving a place for the ladies in their schools. At present only about one-third of the teachers in the colony are females, while in America out of ten teachers employed nine are females. An attempt is to be made to alter the proportion of female teachers, and in the coming year it is expected that a large number of young ladies will be engaged in instructing the youth of the colony. At present the supply of governesses exceeds the demand. This step on'the part of the Board of Education will do much to remedy the eviL As for the ladies themselves, we should imagine that they would much prefer the independence a teacher of a common school enjoys to the life many a well educated girl has to endure in families where the refined feelings are neither understood nor appreciated." And we see from a late New South Wales paper that "in reply to Mr. Greville, in the Legislative Assembly, Sir James Martin mentioned that the Government had no objection to ladies operating in the Telegraph Offices in New South Wales. This is what we have been recommending for small stations in the interior, where the operator is line-repairer, as in such cases when the line-repairer is away telegraphing must cease at such an office. A small salary might be allowed the wife of an operator in such a case for the convenience. In fact, well-conducted members of the softer sex, as women are termed, might be employed in many occupations now engaging the attention of men." Hiring Pianos.—We quote the following from the Manchester Guardian and Times of April 21: ■—"When we find the Judges of one of our superior Courts speaking of a law which they are bound to administer as 'harsh and cruel,' we may well ask ourselves how it is that such a law is not repealed. A case came before the Court of Queen's Bench on Wednesday, in which a pianoforte-maker sought to recover the price of a piano which he had let on hire to a tenant whose landlord had seized it for rent. The land lord was informed that the piano did not belong to the tenant, but he refused to give the bailiff any instructions respecting it. Accordingly it was sold with the rest of the furniture. The Lord Chief Justice said 'it was no doubt a harsh and cruel law that a landlord should be entitled to take the goods of third parties on the pre mises, but such was the law.' Mr. Justice Blackburn observed that ' he had always felt the extreme injustice of the law, but it could not be disputed until it was altered by the Legislature;' and Mr. Justice Hannen begged to express his concurrence in these views. Surely after this the remedy will not long be withheld. We recently referred to the short Bill which has been introduced into Parliament for depriving landlords of a power which is oppressive and extortionate, and with such a unanimity of opinion amongst the Judges the measure ou to pass without a murmur of opposition." 9 Supplying Drink to Natives.—Tommy Book mark and Henry Cudmore, aboriginals, were on July 10 brought before Messrs. F. Basedow and C. von Bertouch, J.P.'s, at Tanunda, for being drank in Bethany two days before. As they were unable to pay a fine the native tipplers were imprisoned for 24 hours. August Fiedler, jun., distiller, and C. Klingebiel, vinegrower, were fined £210s. and £1 costs each, for sup ■ plying these aborigines with liquor. Mr. Fiedler ! lad given them half a bottle of colonial brandy for doing some work, and about a fortnight ago the natives had purchased a bottle of wine from Mr. Klingebiel. Praise is due to Police-trooper H. Kidney for his services in securing con victions. Music in Churches.—The difficulty in respect to the introduction of a harmonium into the Rev. Mr. Gillespie's Presbyterian Church, Coleraine, Victoria, has been settled by an. arrangement to give the instrument a trial for six months. We remember an instance in our. own locality (remarks the Mount Owmbier Standard) of the strong feeling against the introduction of instrumental music to assist congregational singing, an old Scotchwoman declaring "She wadna gae near th' place sae lang as that grunting auld soo was there!" Royal Horse Bazaar.—On Tuesday after noon, July 11, a saleroom thus named was opened in connection with the auction mart of Mr. S. Barnard. It is intended to be devoted to the disposal, under the hammer or privately, of live stock, vehicles, &c.; The bazaar is in Currie-street, and, like the auetaon-room which it adjoins, was formerly in the occupation of Mr. C. E. Tidamnnn- The long, weU-ventilated, and covered-in place seems well adapted" for the purpose. Underfoot in the passage there is a good coating of tan, and the sides are set apart for carriages and other wheeled con veyances. Alterations have been made in tbe west wing so as to accommodate about 25 horses, a few comfortable loose boxes being also pro vided. Altogether the building has a commo dious and comfortable appearance. Mr. _G._0. Goslin, who has had experience in shipping horses to India and buying and selling, takes, charge of tbis department. Previous to the opening sale, champagne having been intro duced, Mr. J. Broadstock proposed the health of Mr. S. Barnard, and expressed a hope that that gentleman's enterprise would be rewarded with success. Mr. Barnard replied in suitable terms. There was a large attendance of sightseers and buyers, and the affair seemed to have a good start. Tobacco.—At Meadows Mr. P. Murrie is about to attempt the cultivation of this plant. Cattle for the Market.—A mob of 150 fat cattle belonging to Mr. Drynan, of the Wilson, passed Beid's, at .Lake "Victoria, on July 5; and 204 head of the same description, in charge of Messrs.', Leasdale and Leslie, from Mr. T. Payne's station, Boura, on the Warrego, reached the stockyards, Lake Victoria, on the 8th— both lots for Adelaide. A mob of fat stock • belonging to My. Hughes, of Kinchiga Station, Menindie,, passed Bulpunga on the 8th, in charge of Mr. Tolmer, for Adelaide, reporting Colliss Brothers, 195 head, in charge of the owners, close behind." The Duke of Edinburgh and the Sovereignty of Saxe-Coburg.—The Bail Mall Gdsette says on the above subject:—" The pro longed illness of Prince Ernest of Saxe-Coburg has given rise to speculation in the Duchies of the Volkszeitung, ' ii Prince Alfred of England, now 27 years old. Some time ago he made several brief visits to Coburg, where he has a new palace and some empty stables; but he has since adopted the naval career, and is at this moment cruising with an English squadron in the Indian Ocean. He is a total stranger to the affairs of the Duchies; he appears to be more at borne in the Tndinn Archipelago than in Cobuxg and Gotha, and does not show much ambition to play the part of a small German Prince. Queen Victoria bn« two other and younger sons —Arthur and Leopold—who have also learned German. They might replace their brother on the throne of the Duchies, unless, indeed, England should prefer to renounce their heredi tary'rights in favour of the German Emperor. This would be the most sensible course, and anyhow it must come to that sooner or later.' " Q?he Queen and the Princess.—The fol lowing is an extract from a letter written by a lady formerly residing in South Australia. It is dated April 7, but through some accident only arrived by the last mail:—" I fancy you will like to hear of some of the doings in our loyal borough of "Windsor, as the 2 imes calls it, on the Princess Louise's wedding-day. All England was pleased at her taking a husband from amongst the people, and Windsor, as she was to be graced with tbe ceremony in her beautiful St. George's,wished'espeeially to showher satisfaction on the occasion, so she hung herself • with flags, and everybody turned their houses into hotels for the day, and invited their friends from far and near to see .the show. We got very good places, where the whole cortege passed close to us, and the Princess Louise's carriage stopped just in front of where we were sitting, to wait for the Queen, whose carriage was detained for a few seconds. She, poor girl, looked very pale, and had been crying evidently.^ very •much, but the Queen was in high spirits at having managed everything her own way, and was actually laughing with the Prince of Wales on their return to the Castle—an unheard of thing for her, which made our two girls say they had not felt so loyal for many a day as that smile made them. The Times acqpunt, which, of . course you will see was a very good one, indeed their reporter lives a few doors from us, and certainly has the gift of conveying an excellent picture of .anything he is describing. The jridal pair passed our house on their way to [ Claremont, and very well they looked — he especially. I had not cared for his face at all before—but the royal alliance must have made "Rim very proud *and happy, and that softened ! what otherwise is a rather hard face. One little contretemps happened at Old Windsor. A young lady was to have presented a bouquet, and was stationed by the road-side for the purpose, but j the order to stop had been forgotten, and the whole cortege—Life Guards and aU— trotted briskly through the village, leaving the poor girl standing disconsolate, but an ample apology was sent that evening, and they did what they could to allay the mortification they had occasioned by returning through Old Windsor. I don't know whether you remember this neighbourhood, or you would be very much astonished to hear that the Queen and the Princess ran from the York and Lancaster gate down to the head of the long walk, after they had said good-bye to the bride and bridegroom at the principal entrance, to be ready to kiss their, hands together as they passed on their way to Old Windsor, the Queen being without her bonnet, and with a shawl thrown over her head. She also timed herself on their return the following Saturday to meet them at the top of the long walk, and drive before them through Windsor to the Castle." Mr. Mat, a put Bowes Daly.—We see from the Halifax (Nova Scotia) Express that the sou of our late respected Governor Sir Dominick Daly, has been unanimously chosen by the several sections of the county for nomination as one of the candidates for the representation of Halifax in the local Legislature. The paper mentioned, in referring to the subject, says:— " It is good to be able to support Mr. Daly. Jt is not the less pleasant and promising because he is a new man, a fresh man, a young man. He has never been in public life before, though his experience in the workings of politics is large. He is the honourable and talented son of the popular Sir Dominick Daly, who was Governor of P. E. Island and afterwards Governor of South Australia, and has as good a recommendation in his parentage as in his own talents, position, and undoubted popularity. The Past President of the Charitable Irish Society, the President- General of the Society of St. Vincent of Paul, an active and energetic forwarder of all beneficial public movements— Mr. Daly has a claim upon the suffrages of the people on all sides that cannot be avoided and will not be denied. This next election ought to be the beginning of a new era in politics. And I it ought to begin with young men—men who : are fresh and young and able and full of hope I for the future of the province. We want more 1 youth in our public affairs, more 'promising young men' who have not grey hairs, which are honourable, but not vigorous as a rule. Mr. Daly is young. That he is a good speaker those who have heard him in public and those who have heard his pretty epigrammatic and pleasing speech upon Daniel O'Connell will remember. We say it is good to be able to bring forward Mr. Daly. He has not thrust himself forward; he has been forced forward by men who know him—how capable he is, how good an adminis trator, how industrious a worker, how apt a debater. The people will endorse all this by his election." Gum Leaves for Wounds.—From a corre spondent's letter the Gardeners Chronicle pub lished the following extract:—"We have had 100 men sent us, some wounded, other invalids. Dr. C. Bukersley has sixteen bad cases in a hospital with two French doctors; they are nursed admirably by the pctites stews, and what is very interesting is the new method of dressing the wounds one of these two, Dr. Gimbert, has introduced. He has tried, instead of lint, Eucalyptus leaves. The leaves have a catty smell; they are merely laid on the wounds. The balsamic nature of tbem not only cures, but after a few hours all the unpleasant odqur of the i matter ceases." 