DISTRICT NEWS. WARATAH. From our own Correspondent. What a blessed change the rain has made in our quiet little village. Our canny corporation had just finished levelling and forming Station street, and, not having covered it over with stones, the top had become pulverized, and resembled fine flour — especially in front of alderman McMichael's butchers shop. Some people are bad enough to say that the corpora tion want us to take lessons in eating dirt, and make us eat our peck nearly all at once, for really last week the clouds of dust arising from this cause were awful ; but now, thanks to the genial rain, that ghost has been laid. Judging by present appearances our nearly formed foot paths and nicely made streets will soon be covered with a fresh green turf, as the couch ; grass has taken hold and is growing very fast. Happily, just now, there is but little or no traffic over the high end part as the most of it to the railway station is to and from Lambton, and that part of the road is macadamised and well made. The quarries are now all idle— there being no demand for stone, but we hear of a large quan tity of kerbing and guttering being required for your City Corporation very shortly. What a pity we have not money enough to get our own streets kerbed and guttered at once with the ex ccllent stone we have in such abundance and so close at hand. The Municipal authorities here received a letter last week from the Attorney General's officer informing them, that instruc tions had been given to rent premises suitable for holding a court of petty sessions in, and that the police magistrate was to attend and hold the court almost immediately, also that ground was to be set apart and a sum of money placed upon the estimates for building, a court-house and police-station, so I suppose the matter is now settled and the Lambton people can only lament that their application was too late, perhaps, after all it is best so, for I do think court houses should be built in the quietest places away from all the bustle and noise of business. A numerously signed petition has been taken round last week, asking the Mayor to call a pub lic meeting of the inhabitants for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of public feeling for or against the establishment of the general ceme tery here. The Mayor, has not yet called the meeting, but is expected to do so in a few days; and I know of several gentlemen who have pro mised to attend, and amongst the rest are the past and present members tor Northumberland. It is quite probable that an advertisement will be sent to you for Saturday's' paper, calling the meeting. One of the miners working at the Waratah new tunnels, an old man named John Peacock, was rather badly hurt by a fall of coal hitting him on Friday last, lacerating his back and right leg, and otherwise shaking him; however, no bones were broken; and under the skilful treat ment of Dr. Hill and his assistant, it is hoped he will rapidly mend. Christmas has been here and gone, and I think the people have enjoyed themselves as they only can do in our own Australia, where there there is no lack of good things provided for all. Our richer friends have not shown themselves wanting; they have been amongst, us during this festive season, and, to my own knowledge, have seen that none were forgotten at this season of general rejoicing. Their genuine kind- heartedness and benevolence have pervaded many a little circle, and filled it with a joy and gladness that otherwise would have been unknown therein. All honor to such men! Well do they use the gifts ,a bountiful Provi dence has bestowed upon, them, Verily, they will have their reward. 