CEHEHAi.NEWS. THE news by the mail. OUR LONDON LETTER. (rBOU OUB OWN COBBE9PONDBNT) LONDON, J one 16. Since the date of my last letter, the whole civilised world has been profoundly moved by thq news that has come across the Channel—news which, for infernal cha racter, was never paralleled in history. The culminating act of the drama of Paris has been played oat—I wish I could say that it was the last act—and Pandemonium has broken loose in the finest city of creation. The ac counts each day became more and more shocking, until the force of imagination conld no further go. It seemed like a bad dream, that PariB, which we all know so well, and where we have passed so many happy hours, should be in flames; her streets flowing with blood; her palaces, the pride of history, reduced to ashes; her squares chokedup with dead bodies. This was the end of that folly and infatuation shown, by the Government in running away at the beginning, when a firm attitude'might have saved everything ; and now, in addition to the indemnity and the expenses of tbe war, it is impossible to calcu late the amount.that will have to be spent ere the city will have pat her ruins to rights. As to her treasures which she has lost, nothing can bring them back again, and future gene rations Will only know Paris shorn of her' old greatness. However, the Commune is smashed for the present, but ugly questions remain. What Is to be done next ? Is it to be fish, fowl,, or red herring—King, Em peror, or .Republic ? Nobody seems to know, thonghAfah probability is that the Count of CbambOrd Will1 ere long be sainted as Henry V., and Preface will Ugain foil into the hands ~ amaaIi Pe>WAH/i navfir ansl tViA nrinofo True, ipny&ing; is better than the Commune; but, as fax asl can see, it will be a very long time ere France Will have the steadiness, the confideheb, and the pnshingness which Louis Napol^n contrived to instU. Of course, the moment the gates of Paris were opened the British tourist rnshed in, de termined to be' the first to gloat over the fallftfa ffiendoine' column," the smoking Tai. leries,and, if-he was ducky enough, to come upona batch of prisoners being shot, I think there was something positively horrible and indecent in the haste displayed by some of our countbthen to grktdfy their curiosity before the French had buried their dead. It is true, that the Parisians ate not vary sensitive, and were airing their love of spectacle just in the same way—moreover, they welcomed the Britisher's puise, which has been a rare sight lately—so that,. antil the pestilence breaks oat, which: it mutt do. with this hot weather and the corpses yet unburied, or but thinly buried, there will be a . busy traffic between London add Paris. There is an ugly symptom about the Com* mune Which affects us rather unpleasantly, viz., that it is only one of the branches of the International Society which, while it em braces all the world and numbers hundreds of thousands of members, has its head quarters in London. In fact, the very source of danger is amongst us—we are actually sitting. ,on. the volcano which may some day burst upon London as fiercely and devilishly as it has done on Puis. ' It will scarcelyfae believed that th6 Communist sym pathisers not only openly held their meetings in Holborn, hut have tbe audacity to menace the Government in case the right of refuge for there devils is refused; and there are actually men^like' Professor Beasley, who holds an appointment for the instrnction of youth, and Pr.^rydges, who holds one under theHomeoffice—whodaretobe the spokesmen in favour Of tbe most cursed villany that ever the world 'hjiS Been; ' Of coarse, with their usual timidity And. fear Of giving offence, the authorities areascivil to Communists as to respectable. -: citizens.; so that it is not to be 'wdndered at that the language of tfa^ ' bhroet becomes more and more inflated. ff ^ureaiber the day wh?n a vow summary punishment would have stopped all such fiery nonsense, ; and when public opinion showed Itself mnmisWkably in favonrof com mon wij*eandrightfeeUnp; bal weffavend govemfpg; awff now-p^oays," and about as littleiwhfaiesome publiccpinion. The Fteuoh despetaditaanbtini; shipped off to New Gale* If' ever lets ope of thein put loptonAuafcrallan, soil withpntta vesjf emphsticAuatrallankick, backihtbtdsotrndeffj' v; ,-:s " larly edffying, alrapst.pvery meaau&o;! hfar; portaiiraibelbgtfthstiwithdmwncr the prin ciprit^hieUtnlaatedtopleasefoms1-^ BiiuAfflijjfrMf injl 1 a_ . rialfbUbiirincefthepMsentUapooroOatrMd to of thpjRpeiiiMs iol ,'puf,gotten only It li Bill w w ^ 4i •a how to remedy ti»e evil Ofocmree, all Mr. Braoe's measures have failed without exception, and thefioor of the House is l*wd with his good intentions, Unfortn n&tely;, good intentions are not the material to save a country ^rith. : And now let hs shot onr eyes to impending misfortune, and enjoy life while we can, although even this is a difficulty, seeing that1 we have scarcely seen the sun for atortnight, and have been execrating the east wind with its leaden- coloured skies and its plagues of blight. Never was snch unseasonable wea ther known, and it has considerably affected the success of the London season. But for all that, town is exceedingly full, and what with French refugees and Ameri can tourists, it is a matter of difficulty to find • lodgings. The Queen is still enjoying the snow-clad slopes of Lochnagar, although she is shortly expected back. The Prince and Princess of Wales are doing their duty as the leaders of society; and Prince Arthur has tumbled out of Buckingham Palace window, but fortu. nately fell on a soft place, and was not much damaged. The Duke of Edinburgh has been enjoying himself at Ascot and other places, and his elephant has been misbehaving, and killed his keeper. The Derby was excessively crowded and very disagreeable, as it has taken to be of late years ; and, as a race, neither it nor the Oaks were worth seeing, for Favonius and Hannah respectively were foregone conclusions. Ascot was better, had it not been like sitting out a race at the North Pole. The horse show at Islington was pleasanter, for it was under cover, but there was a lack of excitement even here, and people seemed to think thar. they had seen it before. The Oxford commemoration, too, has been a failure, being more empty of attendance than ever known, and the undergraduates iu the theatre behaving like a parcel of young Tomnoddies. In fact, so bearish and noisy were they, that a change will probably be made ip the arrangements, and only those admitted who promise to be good boys. The degree of D.C.L, was conferred on Dr. Pollinger, of Munich, a very proper compli ment on the part of the University. It is singular that, notwithstanding that everybody is complaining, there are fewer people dying than usual. In fact, With the exception Of Sjr John Bolt, one of our steadiest and.most painstaking judges, Lord Elibank, and, Sir Jos. Causton, alderman and stationer of the city of London, no one of any note has given up the ghost. Mr. Grote, the historian, has been very ill, and the "People's -William " slightly so, but Loth are now con valescent. ' .The Earl de Grey and Ripon is to be made a marquis, in consequence of the quiet and successful way iu which the Washington High Commission was carried out. The Archbishop of Canterbury has returned to England much better for his changenf air. Sir Roderick Mnrchison has finally given up the presidency of the Geographical Society ; and these are, I t-iink, the only personalities of the month. In one sense, that is. For there are a good many being daily interchanged between the Solicitor-General and Sir Roger Tichborne, or, perhaps we shonld say, the claimant This most extraordinary trial is still dragging its length along, and, as far as we can see, the end of it will probably be in the autumn. Betting is high on the result, but the general impression seems to be that Sir Roger is mot Sir Rogei*. but Arthur Orton, the butcher. To be badgered by a Solicitor-General every day for a month is certainly not the most lively amusement in the world, but some of the claimant's blunders are almost too barefaced One thing is very patent, and that is that a fearful sum of money is being spent on the trial, advanced, it is said, on spec by the Jews; and another thing is, that if Sir Roger be Sir Roger, be will not be much ornament to his cloth. However, we must not be ungracious, for at present he is the sole topic of interest that is left as now that tbe Paris fire is put out. The Eltham murder case is so far advanced that Poole is committed for trial—on what evidence, I fail, to 'see—hut I should not -wonder if he is irnng, for all that Westbourne-grove, which is the residence of a good deal of respectability, and some of a dubious "kind, has, been the scene of a very distressingmurder, ,in. which Mr. Moon, a son of Sir'F. Moon, was stabbed by a so called Mis. Davey, whose claims to the " Mrs." Were of the smallest The evidence showed a; sad but. very common phase pf London society, in which morals are hot inquired into. The worst of it is, that I believe that it is a rapidly increasing state of 'things, and that, if the census truly revealed the tfe jth%t bound many households, our grandmothers would b&ve; gone into a fit at such asoareity of marriage lines. Theotherlegal caserof the month are not very interesting, beihg made up'of ah attempt by wmqjk>terick dobk$ to ihpot Op actress' —thqfcialof, Mw.^larson, #ie wifeof,» m*u moring fn good Bodety, fori oold-blooded «rnelW to. her atepchUd-—"»>tJt»fc» novtrca, ;!< women vtedwtow w h hhhd&^fe ( all know that "we must not buy on aSun *diy,"'bdtl'think it is rathe* hardthatthis &^pwrai^l& U^ocanhbt'p)»(^^»em-■ ml** white large tobtepooist? wa ffnltptom , aiw notoriously open- to supply their rioh s cusioiwSrt. But this isa fanny worlds and JP i$^rplIFWi!? im«<l w&mvwffl; i^lHtMp w aSo Honsbook oalled "The Coming Race," iu whlchan Amerieantumblea through a shaft In a mine, and goes on falling till he emerges into another world, peopled by a race of Amazons. It is fall of hits™ institutions, and is very foil of intereit. "Tom Pippin's Wedding is the second pro duction of Mr. Pollen, mo made his lacky hit by " Dame Enropa's School." As is' so often the case, the second book la by no means equal to the first, and if Mr. Pollen does notdo some thing better, I fear that he will hare cause to regret that he ever gave op his minor canonry at Salisbury for the thorny paths of literature. Mr. Harvey's "Turkish Harems and Circas sian Homes" is very readable, albeit the sub ject is one a little hackneyed. Mr. Mitford's "Tales of Old Japan" are charming and quaint, and have a mixture of grave homoor and simplicity about them which is irre sistible. Mr. Helps has given as a life of that oft written man Hernando Cortez, and a very good one it is—told plainly and somewhat severely, yet with a descriptiveforce reminding ns of Prescott Professor Tyndall's'' Hoars of Exercise in the Alps" comes in the right time to send off enthusiastic observers to crawl on their stomachs down a glacier, and hang on oyer a crevasse by their eyelids. But it is given to very few men to experiment in this muscular way, and make scientific notes at the same time. For charming works, read Henry Kingsley's "At Last: Christmas in the West Indies," in which the writer lairly revels in J the tropical scenery of " Westward Ho," and describes it equally welL How well we can fancy the delight with which he has ex changed his editor's desk at the Edinburgh newspaper to roam about the glories of Trini dad. The"Romanceof Trade," by Fox Bourne, contains some curiouB and interesting facts— as such a subject might well warrant—but as a connected work it is not so successful. A little work, the "History of Louis Napo leon," by Mr. Phillips Day, may be read with advantage, by refreshing one's memory on many points which bear on this critical period of his fortunes. Lastly, I would commend to my readers two useful and excellent handbooks—one by Mr. Pet tigrew on "Bees," the other by Mr. Suther land i on "Hardy Herbaceous Plants," which to gardeners in this green clitnate re veals quite a new phase of horticultural beauty. In what may be called the ephemeral literary gossip, there is very little to say, the productions of the month being so particu larly ephemeral. A pretentious looking serial, called the "Drawingroom Gazette" has decorated one or two news windows for a week or two, and disappeared, into the dust hole, as I fancy it deserved. "Black and White" is the name of anew periodical, edited hy A. A'Beckett. I wish him success, but my conviction is that he is a bold man. The most amnsing literary venture of the day is the "Independent Reviewer," "in which all rejected copy " will fihd a home at the Tate of a penny for five lines. It really must be a capital spec, for in addition to the amaz ing quantity of matter waiting to be inserted, there will of coarse be as many readers as writero. The editor's berth will be an easy one, for he will never be required to read his contributions. Art in the shape of music and painting is having a fine time of it now, owing to the great nntnber of French artists of all kinds who have taken refuge on onr shores. No sooner is one con cert finished at St. James's Hall than another audience is waiting to be let in, aud it is a marvel where so many musical people come from. Madame Marimon, the new prima donna at Her Majesty's, has proved herself a real acquisition, ana her perform ance of " La Figlia" the other nighc was a triumph not often seen. The Albert-hall, too, has drawn very large audiences to the oratorios. I went to assist at the " Hymn of Praise," which was very finely rendered ; but I question whether the true musical effect is not heard best in chambers of less colossal dimensions. The Bolo singers got black in J the face with their praiseworthy efforts, and appear, to be unaware that a moderate effort will be more successful in making itself heard than if they were so many bulls of Basban. You are lively people in Melbourne. You are going to have such an organ—one which for beanty and power is not often surpassed. I was at Messrs. Hill's the other day, on a tour of inspection, and was greatly pleased. Every thing about it was first-rate, and the tones of the solo and swell organ in particular were very charming, But I think that it will be necessary to have a water- power engine to fill it with wind, for it takes five men to blow, of whom I should prefer not to be one, except under promise of a large salary and un limited beer. The 'International Exhibition is still at tracting a number of visitors, and is, I think, likely to prove a commercial success. Cole, C.B., will he in the seventh heaven, notwith standing that he has been the subject of three consecutive articles in the "Saturday," mercilessly exposing his weak points, and proclaiming to the world that he is the biggest humbug going, not even excepting Barnum. Humbug he may be or not, but he is clever onnngh to get his own way and keep it when he has got it It is said that he is going to add to the South Kensington collection the great Kentucky. giant, and Millie and -headed Christie, the two-headed young lady; who is exhibiting at present at . Willis's Rooms. She (or they) is (or are) an exceedingly curious phenomenon (or phenomena); for with only one body—cheat; stomach, ana bo on—there ' are* four legs, and two decidedly' different heads, the months of which sing duets very prettify.. What is more, they have not the woe-begone look of the Siamese twins, but the^ova^cotian giantess, adds dignity to the show; and, after seeing her, you may go and visit Princess Felicie, the dwarf; so that, tanng ft altogether, we are doing a good trade in abnormalities. 1 We had a vary pleasant and successful oOlonial dinned (the second of the batch) at Richmond—the body drawback being that the evening was Very Wetland the view of the rivar somewhat spoilt. Mr. Youl took the ehafy, ahd we dismissed confederation and events, thhse social gatherings are exceed ingly pleasant/And are themOahs -of intro idudji^tojM^ , , . *littie froth thb toofe immediate London flfe.anfi inqhire what the countrySebe^fy.Is^do^in^the Shape1 Of trade;. to imwti . jOs,¥ftd't^wwh(l» haws? FonV 'Ih-Sohth Walean^ * . gentlemen had a finger in the pie, and were doing their best to play the devil, to whom they are so near akin. Of course when trades like these are all agog, the railway interest suffers, and, as if not oontent with this nnavoidable eviL the directors most needs take the opportunity to quarrel amongst themselves. Thus, the Midland and the Great Northern Railways .have for weeks been losing thousands a week because the one line persists in carrying ooal to London cheaper than the other. Nobody is a bit tbe better, except the London coal' merchants, who, taking them as a body, are considerable adepts in robbing the consumer. Then, again, the Metropolitan and the Metropolitan District Companies, whose line* (on the inner circle) join each other at South Kensington, have agreed to quarrel at the end of this month, and do each other ail the harm they can. Here the public again suffers, for they will be compelled to change railways and lose time and patience generally. The real fault lies in one or two railway officials— such as managers or secretaries—who lead the directors by the nose» and being generally self made men, cannot accommodate their bursting importance. It is no matter to them who loses the money—for they take good care that they don't. The remedy is simple, and will have to be applied some of these days, viz. to knock tbe whole railway officialism on the head, as it deserves, and place all the lines under Government superintendence. It is curious to look back at the former value of canal property and to read that a whole canal—not a very long one, it is true— was sold at Cheltenham the other day for £500. Why, even if there was no traffic what ever, the tadpole fishing for aquariums must be worth that Amongst what we may call the practical literature of the day is the Report (III.) of the Rivers Pollution Com missioDj which shows a delightful state of things m the Yorkshire rivers. One, the Calder, was so gloriously black, that one of the residents on its banks wrote a protest to the commission in the actual water of the river, which made perfectly legible pale ink, and yet Wakefield and other towns have to take their supplies from these limpid streams. The worst of it all is, that although commissions (a very profitable occupation) are perpetually being carried on, at an enormous cost to the country, we never get further than blue books—pleasant reading, Dut expensive, seeing tbat each report costs some £10,000 or £20,000. Pollution of rivers, sewage, and water supply, to take three kindred subjects, have been going on for years as far as tbe inquiries go. and we are not one whit nearer any improvement. Indeed, I begin to despair of the Sag lish mind ever realising the necessity for improvement, for, from the Government downwards, I think that we are the most stupidly self- complacent, priggish lot on the face of the earth. Perhaps "The Battle of Dorking" may take the shine odt of us, and do us good. Another very interesting report is that of the Truck Commission, which reveals a shocking Btate of things in South Wales and Scotland particularly. The workmen axe cheated to any extent in the goods that they buy. or are compelled to buy. and many men seldom see a shilling piece from one end of tbe year to the other. In South Wales tobacco is the circulating medium. The pound of weed (which has probably been originally divided into five quarters) is Bold at a high price to the workmen in lieu of wages. He takes it to the publichouse, barters it for heer at a reduction of about 25 per cent, (having already bought it at au overcharge of 25 per cent.) The publican doses him with adulterated heer at a high price, takes the tobacco at a low one, and sells it back again to tbe store at about 15 per cent, advance on that he gave tbe workman. And many large employers who do this are M. P. 's. Is it any use to say more ? 