A TRANCE. -V'; ("A Soul's Parting," iu all theYear Round.): I At length one evening Charles ..was aroused from dozing by a noise in his room. On looking round he found that the sound came from Soeur Thercse, who was weeping violently. Then the truth at once flashed on him that Clara was dead. Yes'; why hide it from him ? Her 'spirit, ivhile he slept unconscious of his loss, -had. died away like a siveet strain; of music. . The night was far advanced when Charles Temple awoke from the uneasy sleep into which, notwithstanding his passion of grief, or rather- b'ecause of it, physical weakness made hiiri fall. He hitd been dreaming that he wandered with bis. pretty wife. in tbe'deep Devonshire lane where. first. he wooed her. -. -He- thought he had given her a rose from his breast. 'She took it;- but as she. was about to place it iri; her dress a drop of blood from- her. heart sud-i denly fell upon the snowy petals; at which he started and awoke with that sort of vague : nervousness in his mind which not unusually/ haunts even healthy people for a few minutes/ after awaking from a disturbed dream. Hardly j knowing what he expected . to see, he glanced! timidly round. S«ur Thcrcse had left the room, i as it was her custom to do when her patient, slept ; : and he could distinguish the sound of her regular heavy breathing as she sluiribered in the next apartment. The candle which stood on a distant table flickered fitfully as though fanned by an invisible shroud fluttering somewhere near it in the air. In its wbvering light dirirk 'shadows crept about in 'the corners of the fribni;' like the dark robes of dead sisters of charity, who had re- t urri'dd to.Visit the scene of their labours during lifp. Outside the wind rose arid fell in long measured sighs ; : it'nd it few raindrop's, which came down at intervals, pattered agairis't the window like fingers of shivering - ghosts wh6 were there tapping for admission. ; A strqiie sad fancy now seized Charles, a. fancy which, considering the natural cast 'of the young poet's mind, the deliriuni from which his brain had so lately recovered, and hi9 bodily w-eakness might; well be' accounted "for. He assurccl himself that Clara's spirit was qhout to visit him. '.' '. . A clock iri the town struck the . quarter, and then began its chimes to play a tune, but suddenly stopped in the middle, as though it were terrified a't the sound of its 'own voioe in tho silorioo of tlio night, ! " Ciur/OlRro, Where are you?", he niurriiured in -his great trouble of mind. The words had hardly left his lips when a low sigh Sounded through the room. He started. _ Did thai sigh come through the air from afar, or was it breathed close to him ? And now there appeared upon the crimson fringe of the bed-cui/tain, which was slowly drawn back, a little transparent white hand. Then a faint cry burst from Charles Temple, and a tremor ran through his frahie. .. It was arrayed in shimmer ing white; arid tbe form was so light that it might have been wafted to him on the midnight breeze. Tbe face, iri place of the bright changeful com plexion, showed the ashy grey pallor of death, and though the cheeks, which had been round and dimpledL were hollow and sunk, the face was the same face tbal. He had . loved so, well. There wits no mtfre sparkle .bf life iri the eyes which webb turned, ripbii Him With a fixed .mournful gHze; arid lit with a strange uricdrlhly iiistre. Ori the colourless lips there rested a faint smile as of a mdofibelril .fallifig bii a fifeiS of ihotv. That smile whs, the inpst gbastjy thing iri ihe whole apjrilfitibri; It was as though the brilliant tmiles that used to flash on him the warm sunshine of mirth and love were reflected by an unnatural light in sbihe distorting mirror. . For two or three inintites Charles gazed at the phantom in silence. A great awe; an unutterable sadness was. lipofi Him; a Sadness riot unmixed with a vague melancholy ploasuro at the. proof given; by this visit of her Spirit to liim after death, ot her undying love. . At length he spoke in a soft whisper, for he half feared that the sound of his voice would .break the spoil in, which he lay. " My wife, riiy love," he said, "yori are then , come tb take a last leave of ine, to tell riie that I am still dear to you." "I riras just now with tlie angels, but tli'ey have let me come to you again," replied a low voico, that was like the voibe of tho old Clara heard from afar. \ "You love mo stUl, Ciiarles ?" " Love you," -my heart's first and, last darling," lie .rejoined in tones drilled by the strong pressure of his emo tion. " There are many spirits hero , who watch you although I have been away. Tlio 'room is full of them," said the. same low, . sweet voice. He shuddered, as well - a mortal man might Bhudder to hear one of the noVic'es of heaven tell what she saw with her new faculties: " Hark !" the voice went on, whilb a transparent hand was raised, ' ' tlie spirits ' talk " together; But there is a bright light arormd; me. / Tlte / angel agairi takes my hand." Let me kiss you once more upon 'earth my Charles.": Then the spectre bent down Blowly towards Mm ; but at that moment a great fear, '' overpowering Ms weakened faculties of body and mind, came upon Charles .Temple, and he fainted. Soeur Therese overslept herself that ihorriing, so 1 that the sun was up before her, arid was throwing a chain of gold through the half-drawn window curtains, on the floor of her patienFs room as she .entere'd; it. When she looked towards the b'ed she crossed herself and palled on the Virgin. : /Beside Charles Temple there lay another form. ; As soon asshe had somewhat recovered herself, .and .was able to examine mo/re closely, Soeur Therese foimd that it was the dead body of his wife. She /was lying with her arms around Temple, who was. completely insensible, with her Mead resting ori his breast. Many were the stories to wlrich this strange circumstance gave rise among the good sisters, who fully believed, and, indeed still say, that the body of the heretic lady was .carried' at midnight by tho Evil One -to the apartment bf her heretic husband. Dr Bernardin found, i however, a more realistic. way of. accounting for the inftryeM ' /When the, sistefc whb watched be side Mrs' Temple believed that .she died, she -had really sunk into a deep trarice-like sleep. To save himself 'unnecessary pain, . the, doctor, had - not visited the ' supposed corpse of ' his favourite. : -Had lie done so, lie. perhaps would hove discovered the mistake. - Clara -thad awakened, from her/trance in a .deliripus state,, 'arid the' passing trerigli ; given by fo'ver-.had enabled her to rise. /'Heriove.fofiGharles being the one remaining note of liafmbriy amid'- the discords of the poor "girl's, Main,, .she had gone, straight into his room whirif -was ;riot ; far from her own. She'entered tlie rooin -wliilo Charles slept, and seated herself behind the curtain of his bed, as she used to do when nursing him. Wlieri he called:for her she had riseii, arid made herself visible tb liim. ' Her. uiind during - her illness had been dwelling so much oil death and eternity that it was little wonder if lier/ wanderj-i ing talk was of angels and Spirits; ' Tlie eplie'-; moral strength- of her fever had soon given way ;: the dazzling light which often precedes fainting had come before her eyes; She had sunk upon- her already ; unconscious husband, folding her wasted arms around liim, and nestling her poor little head against the dear familiar breast. No aid had been at hand to keep the flickering . spark of life alight within her ; and so, she passed away, to hb 'in' truth,' one of the angels: ; " ' .'. Wel.Up in a.PnOFESsioif.-A receiver of sf pleri'g'pq'ds, 'lately. 'arie'stedZ at - Brixton, seems to have attairied the Mghest position. in liis artJ Iri 1854 Me. ' arid Mis. wife were, convicted for a bank note robbery; 'and werp'teritenced to seven years , penal servitude. Tho woman died j in 'prisori;, but , 'tlie riian, on being released, went into ; business with . rbriewed ardour. Wlieri again captured, lie was , living in good style at Brixtoii, 'where a few years of dishonest industry lirid' enabled liim "to abciuiiulate " money arid house property to th'e extent of £12,000. " '-He' was connected with first-elass thieves all over the world, and advanced money to them., to go to foreign counfries .arid commit robberies.; 'Doeuinorits relating to transactions with ttaeves in France, Spain, Germany and America, were found in his house. , . , . ; j 