WENTWORTH HALL. CHAPTER XXI. BASSINGTON LODGE. Snugly situated amongst lofty trees, whose lofty foliage partially hid it from the sight of a travellers, stood Bassington Lodge, a neat villa in the modern style. It had long been empty. Rumour said it was haunted, and that strange sights and sounds had been seen and heard after darkness fell. Thus, no one felt bold enough to rent the place, or to try and find the cause of the aforesaid rumours, and so in the course of time it began to look decayed. The paint was worn off, the glass windows were broken, and the garden was overrun with weeds. The owner was about to demolish the whole building and erect a better one, when a tenant presented himself in the person of our old friend Herbert Sutherland. The owner looked surprised when Herbert approached him and stated his intention to rent the Lodge for a few years. " I am afraid, sir," said the candid landlord, " that you will find the place very unpleasant to live in." " Why ?" asked the intended tenant. " Well, you see the place has long had the reputation of being haunted. Local people say strange noises and unaccountable visions have occurred after dark and these rumours are so well known, that any one who knows the place would rather go a dozen miles out of his way than pass the building at night. Because of this, possible tenants show no interest in the place and its is going to rack and ruin. Of course, if you are not concerned by the danger, I am happy to rent it to you." " I fear no ghosts, nor any other so-called supernatural manifestations. The place suits me, and with your permission, I will take it. Upon what terms will you let it ?" " Really, I hardly know. At one time it fetched a tolerably large rent, but now it will take a lot of money to make it tenantable." " I tell you what I will do. I will thoroughly repair the place at my own expense if you will let me have it rent tree for twelve months and at a small rental for the next twelve months. How do tbese terms suit you ?" " Admirably, although I am afraid that after you have repaired it you may find it troublesome to rest on account of the issues I referred to." " I am not the least afraid," said Herbert. " I will risk it and if those spirit visitors drive me away, you will reap tbe advantage of the contract. If you will place the terms I have stipulated on to paper, we will sign them, and I will proceed with the repairs, as I am anxious to get comfortably settled as soon as possible." The landlord was not long in preparing a memorandum of contract setting forth that one John Grainger (Herbert's new name) agreed with the owner of Bassington Lodge to repair so as to make it habitable, on condition that no rent was to be demanded during the first year, and only a small sum the second. Two copies of this agreement were neatly written out and both duly signed and attested, and the work was complete. The knowledge that Bassington Lodge was about to be repaired and inhabited produced no small excitement in the locality. During the time that the various workmen were employed making the required improvements, the place was the scene of general interest, but nothing was discovered which might explain the ghostly sights and sounds. In course of time, the last nail was driven, the last coat of paint laid on and the final touch given which made Bassington Lodge fit for the reception of its new master. Then curiosity began to be manifested as to who the new master was, where he came from, and all about him. In the absence of correct information speculation was rife. One said he was a wealthy man who had lost his wife and had taken Bassington Lodge as a quiet place away from his former life. Another said that he had recently come from foreign parts, where he had made a great deal of money, and had returned to England to spend it. However, none of them managed to get anywhere near the exact truth, and as no one dared to be so presumptuous as to ask him any questions about his previous life, he was spared the trouble of devising an explanation of the reasons that induced him to select Bassington Lodge as his residence while there were many more comfortable residences at no great distance. Bassington Lodge was not far from Wentworth Hall. As you passed through the wood and walked down the high road, you entered the town we have had occasion to mention before. A beautiful stream of water ran through it, and as you crossed the narrow bridge the houses became fewer, and one of the first that you came to was the Lodge. Mr Seymore was rather glad that Mr Grainger had come to live so close, principally, we think, because he hoped to profit by his residence. Lawyers as a rule have very elastic consciences, and he was no exception to the rule. From Herbert's remarks, as recorded in the last chapter, he concluded that some slight addition to his banking account would take place, and therefore he strove to cultivate the acquaintance of the supposed wealthy tenant of the Lodge. Herbert had not yet been to Wentworth Hall to have a consultation with the lawyer, but as the Lodge was now finished and he himself thoroughly installed in it, he accepted Mr Seymore's pressing invitation to dine with him and afterwards to consult him upon the important business that required professional wisdom for its successful implementation. Precisely at the hour appointed, Herbert stood at the door of Wentworth Hall, ringing the bell for admission. The door was opened by the same person that opened it on a former occasion, and Herbert was duly ushered into the sitting room. After the usual formalities were over and the two men had talked the time away, a bell announced that the preparations for dinner were complete, and Herbert followed his host and hostess to the dining room. We must not linger to detail what the dinner consisted of, or the nature of the dessert, or the quality and quantity of the wine that was consumed. All these details are foreign to our story and need not be put into print. As soon as the dinner was over, the lawyer and his client adjourned to the back parlour, the same room that the latter had used to forge the will that secured him the temporary possession of the Hall. " Suppose we now proceed to business, Mr Grainger," said the lawyer, assuming that peculiar business-like appearance that members of the legal profession are wont to indulge in. " I understood you to say say that you stood in need of legal advice, and I dare say I can render as good advice as the best Queen's Counsel." " I have no doubt of that," said Mr Grainger, " but I only want want to be perfectly satisfied upon one point - an important one certainly. When I was in Adelaide, the capital of the large and flourishing colony of South Australia, I fell in with a lucky digger, a very illiterate man, who wished me to render him an important service, promising that if I did so successfully he would present me with a sum of money which he had placed in the hands of the landlord of the hotel where I was staying. By dint of hard work I did successfully get through the task, and the money was paid. However, in course of time he fancied he was swindled, and we separated, I, of course, keeping possession of the money. Do you think I did wrong ?" " Certainly not, if the facts are as I understand them." " Well, the facts are detailed just as they occurred, and I have a document here confirming what I have said." Herbert drew from his pocket the duplicate of the statement signed and attested by the barmaid at the Adelaide hotel where the business was completed. These facts have already been laid before the reader. Mr Seymore took the document and carefully read it through. " This statement certainly clears you from any difficulty, so that you should not be afraid of anything Mr Jones says he will do." " And should the matter go before a court of law I can rely upon you assisting me to get the case settled in my favour ?" " Decidedly so ; and I will use all my legal skills to defend you." " Well, should it come to that, you may depend upon being retained tor the defence ; and now, as I must leave you, I shall ask how much I am indebted to you ?" " One guinea," replied the lawyer, apparently determined not to underrate his skill and legal acumen. Herbert laid a sovereign and a shilling on the table, and these were speedily transferred to tbe lawyer's pocket, while both of them walked together to the sitting room. Eleanor was seated reading a novel, while the baby boy was rolling about on the floor, amusing himself with whatever he could lay his hands upon. Herbert took up his hat, and bid his host and hostess farewell. One cannot help wondering what would have been Mrs Seymore's feelings if, as she cordially shook the hand of her husband's client, she instantaneously realised that the gentleman who stood before her was her former husband ; the same man who had so grievously deceived her, swindled and well nigh ruined her. Would she have wished him ' Good day ' with the same warmth, or expressed an earnest wish that he would again avail himself of the hospitality of Wentworth Hall ? We think not. The probabilities are that she would have gone into hysterics if the idea was even mentioned. Happily, she was ignorant of the real state of affairs. And what shall we say of Herbert Sutherland, alias John Grainger ? We can say nothing good of him. We have faithfully depicted his real character as a fortune hunter, and one who does not care what means he adopts to get money. During this visit, he was enjoying a rest from his criminal activities, but this was only temporary, merely the calm before the storm. Herbert Sutherland was rushing headlong to his doom and nothing on earth could save him. To Be Continued. 