SUPREME COURT. Monday, November 20, We arc in the same fix with this de partment as with tho Shipping and Commercial. Law reporter indisposed; — and no wonder at it, considering tha endless litigation he has lately been fool enough to report. One thing con nected with this Court strikes our simple minds as exceedingly strange: — the almost continual faces that attend the ' insolvency bitungs I Ana svery succeeding time they seem to be ruddier,' bolder, and more exuberant I One gen tleman (whose name seems almost a stereotyped one in connection with that Court) has just passed about bis sixth examination within two years ! — and h now, it is said, about to take bis family on a lengthened tour to Europe. How is it done ? In tho place of these hitherto inter minable and, we fear, demoralising Law Reports, wo are enabled to furnish a lovely little lyric for the delectation of the Sons nnd Daughters of Temperance, — who, we may observe, are seldom seen within the purlieus of that, pernicious though popular institution — a Law Court. It is from ' Noble Love and other Poems,' by Colin Rae-lirown ; and is entitled CRYSTALIiIKE. 0 take away the passion-cup I I may not taste the sparkling vine, Though told that fn the quaffing up There dwells an ecstasy divine. 1 will not drown ennobling thought, Or drive the reason from my brain ; The plessure Is too Dearly bought Tnat brinseth attcr-grlof and pain. Kind Nature doth on ut bestow A gilt more precious than the Vina, And freely from her fountains flow The glorious streams or Crystalline. And now, dear reader, invoking the blessing of Providence on you and yours, and trusting that you and they may always adhere to the home-encircling, heart-onriching 'Crystalline,' we bid you adieu — it may bo till we meet in Paradise. We have not come out in our full poetical blaze — fearing it tnjfbt re sult fatally to a few, who want gradually leading up to Parnassus. We are now going borne to Den, aiier naving aone, as we conceive, our duty, in presenting to the world a Bpeciuien of what a daily pBper should really be. The next morning, on the appearance of The Cosmopolitan, great was the con sternation in Tradeopolis. First one, then another, excited and plethoric proprietor (for the paper be longed to a company) rushed almost frantically to tbe publishing office. u OTliarA'a tlin Mifar ? ' f-nniiirpd nns. ' HI in bed, sir,' responded theobeis snt clerk. Rushing np to the composing- loom, be then attacked the printer : \- ' What tbe d— -4, sir,'' he said, ' have you been doing with tbe paper ? ' ' What's the matter with it?' ©slmly asked the printer (who had scarcely .yet seen it). ' Matter, sir ! ' ? and down rushed the infuriated old capitalist for s copy of the issue. ' Not one left, sir 1 ' said the jubflonl clerk. 'Most 'stonishing runi All sold by 9 o'clock 1 ' ' Haven't you sue left ? ' demanded the now rather pacified old party. ' Not a ghost of a copy, sir 1 ' Proceeding up stairs again (though rather slower this time), the prop. Mid to the printer : — ' Well, the papers arc all sold, certainly; — bntwlmin the name of fortune «« it concocted that most extraordinary and unprecedented issue ? No Shipping ; no Commercial ; no Law Report 1 Wby, the world will think Us all insane 1 ' Then tbe printer related bow, in bis extremity,— all the literary staff of th. paper being away ill,— he bad (as he npFMlVMi' fonlialili* Mnw\ mlmaiM *ttA editorial chair to the literary aspirant whose transformation of the columns of The Cosmopolitan had caused such con sternation. Tbe proprietor (not really a bad old fellow — but a pachyderm as regarded his appreciation of poetry) accepted the printer's apologetic statement, and hast ened to a deliberation with bis co partners. Some of them relished the 'joke' amazingly — especially the fact of the issue being all disposed of by 9 o'clock. One bluff old party actually suggested flint, »? UIU UOUV UttU UGUU ?WOUUWBBklll, they might let him ' go at it again.' But this did not meet with general approval. One said that he recollected' tbe calprit years ago, and his predgsctbot in the direction of poetry was uenRfcsMe. He wonld even render the Multiplication Table into verse I It would be far better, until tbfl editor was able to resume his duties, to put a more practical and prosaic person in the place of this flighty deputy. And so it was decided. Amidst the applause of his fellow-workmen, the good wishes of many of the sweetest and most interesting of The Cosmopolitan's sub scribers, and an unsullied poetical repu tation, the ' Editor for a Night' (as he was ever afterwards called) returned to bis I' frame ; ' where be is likely to remain until called to his rest. 