PUBLIC EDUCATION IN VICTOIUA,. Victoria, like South Australia, is under stood to be on the eve of an important reform in her system of public education, The late Ministry pledged themselves to submit during this session a comprehensive amendment of the existing Act, and tho members have promised their constituents to give it consideration. The scheme proposed includes strictly secular education with facilities to denominational teachers to use the schoolhouses after ordinary school hourti, compulsory attendance, and the vesting of the management of all schools in a Minister of Education. The Board of Education, who have just issued their report for 1670, demur to many of those alterations. They concur in the propriety of compelling the attendance of children between certain ages, but they evidently deprecate interference with the religious question, or with themselves as suspervisors of the department of State education. Their figures and deductions are laboriously strained to show that very satisfactory results are attained under the existing system. It appears that our next-door neighbour can now boost of 942 distinct school esta blishments as against the 300 returned as the South Australian. contingent for 1870. Of theBe 878 are attended by children of both sexes, 22 by boys alone, 25 by girls alone, and 17 by infants. The general increase for the year is 69 schools, which certainly compares favourably with the decline of 30 on this side of the Border. The number of distinct scholars on the rolls of all ages is 107,537; and the average attendance (whether monthly, weekly, or daily is not expressly stated) 61,404, representing in the one case an increase of 1,441, and in the other of 1,373. According to these totals 57 per cent, of the children nominally on the rolls attend regularly; the proportion in Ireland and New York being 47 per cent., in England about 70 per cent., and in South Australia close upon 63 per cent. The aggregate of children between tho ages of 5 and 15 in Victoria is set down at 182,836. Of this number, it is estimated that 98,460, or 53*85 per cent., attend State supported schools; 27,175, or 14*87, attend schools unconnected with the Government; and 9 per cent, are educated at home. This places the total number of boys and girls of a school-going age who are receiving some amount of education at 140,000, or 78 per cent., leaving 42,000, or 22 per cent, of the children still unaccounted for. The Board, without pausing to take note of the fact that through irregularity of attendance something like 40 per cent, of the 140,000 children receive but a beggarly pittance of education, hurry on to explain that in reality the 42,000 outsiders are not destitute of educa tion. To say that they are involves the absurd presupposition that those receiving instruction attend schools during each and every year from 5 to 15 years of age. Whereas in Prussia it is estimated that 23 per cent, of the children of school-age are absent through illness or other allowable cauBea, the Board draw the consoling in* ference that in Victoria no considerable number of children are growing up without . education. Apart from this they felicitate themselves on the fact shown by their statistics, that since 1867 the attendance, ais compared with the total population, baa advanced from 16*28 to 18 86 per cent., and, as compared with the children of school-age, from 55-68 te 68*72. In 1870, therefore, 1 out of every 5*30 of the population, and 1 out of every 1*45, or more than 2 out of 3 children between 5 and 15 attended school. According to recent information, the proportion of school attending children to the. population in Prussia is said to be 1 in 6*18; Holland, 1 in 8; France, 1 in 862; and Switzerland, 1 in 6*2. According to the latest returns, the proportion in South Australia is 1 in 4*83. A considerable portion of the report is directed to prove that the popular idea as to the costliness of education in Victoria is erroneous. The statements made do not convey the impression that the Board have gone deeply into the subject, but leave no doubt as to their anxiety to defend the system that they are charged with admini stering. Their facts with regard to America are mainly drawn from the well-known report, written in 1S67, of the Kev. Mr. Fraer, now Bishop of Manchester. What ever may be his other qualifications as a critic, he was certainly no admirer of the methods of public instruction adopted in the States, and thus a comparison between his statistics and those of education in Victoria and the other Australian Colonies is open to grave question. So far as it affects South Australia, it is not difficult to show that the Victorian Board have pre sented their results in a very unfair manner. According to their returns the number of children attending school in Victoria in 1869 was 106,096 ; aggregate cost to the State, £176,093 ; aggregate cost to parents, £78,967 ; total cost per child, £2' Ss. Id. Against this they represent South Australia as affording education to 16,328 i children, at an aggregate cost to the State of £19,654, and to the parents of £14,826 ; making the average expenditure per child £2 2s. 2d. In the one case they give the total attendance of children, in the other the average monthly attendance. To make the comparison equal, South Australia should have credit for educating over 19,000 children, in which event her outlay per head would only reach £1 16s. 4d. The stated cost per head in New South Wales i3 £2 9s. 6d. ; in Queensland, where the schools are free, £1 17s. 3d. ; and in Tasmania, £2 18s. 8d. ; but these amounts may be sus ceptible of the same paring process as we have applied in the case of our own schools. The entire sum devoted to purposes of education in Victoria last year was, including University grant and University students1 fees, £285, 1S4, the Statecontribution reaching £178,257— more than nine times the amount voted in this colony. The charge of 6s. lOd. per head upon the community, which the grand total stated above represents, is exultingly compared by the Board with the 16s. per head paid in the State of Massa chusetts, and the 11s. per head paid in the State of New York. Bringing the comparison within narrower limits, they point out that in Melbourne it takes £66,311, or £1 18s. Id. per head, to supply education to the 34,799 children attending the public schools; whereas in San Francisco £12S,000, or £5 15s. 7(1. per head, is expended upon 22,152 children; and in Chicago £149,264, or £4 5s. lid. per head, is laid out upon 34,740 children. Making allowance for the fact that these totals, so far as they relate to the American cities, embrace the cost of grammar schools, the Board conclude that the outlay per head is fully twice as much as in Melbourne. Besides this, they, on the authority of Mr. Fraser, claim for the Victorian schools supe riority over those in America in regard to the competency of the masters, their more permanent connection with the schools and the amount of their salaries, the greater length of the school hours, the greater regu larity in the attendance of scholars, and the more efficient and systematic modes of in spection. In speaking of the relative extent of the instruction imparted in America and Victoria, the Board content themselves with pointing out that the primary, grammar, and high schools of the States correspond with the establishments known in the colony as infant common, and grammar schools. Having done this,' they enter upon a hasty analysis of the English common- school system, and point out that, although precluded by the range of their duties from taking cognizance in a general way of other than elementary education, they have encouraged the forma tion of higher classes devoted to the study of subjects coming within the curriculum of grammar schools. They are impressed with the view commonly entertained by advanced thinkers, that the system in force should include primary schools, grammar schools, and a university conducted on such principles that the whole course would be open to the poorest scholar possessed of sufficient ability to raise himself by honest effort from grade to grade. Not being able to carry this plan into effect in its entirety, they have given the facilities above referred to, and now con. template establishing a general system of exhibitions from the common schools to certain well-known central grammar-schools, and thence to the University. To make the scheme effective and to provide for forty exhibitions a sum of £1,680 will be required, and for this an appeal is to be made to the generosity of the Legislature. The idea is an excellent one, and means might be devised for adapting it to this colony. Compared with the results of the Vic torian system, South Australia has no reason to be ashamed even of the operation of the present Act, so far as statistics prove anything. At an infinitely smaller cost Bhe has provided education in her public schools for almost as large a proportion of the children of both sexes as her neighbour has done. The chief offences chargeable against her system are that it pays little attention to the quality of the education it 8upplies, and that it has evidently reached the limit of its efficiency, and must be amended to meet the requirements of an increasing population. The Northern Telegraph.— The Times of April 26 publishes a letter from the Managing Director of the British- Australian Telegraph Company, which is satisfactory as showing how completely the doubt and mistrust with which our Port Darwin scheme was at first regarded, and which were so strenuously tormented by the Agent-General of the Queensland Government, have given place to a feeling of confidence in our ability to cany out the work we have undertaken. Later advices from the colony may somewhat modify the impression under which this letter was written ; but from the cordial way in which it is expressed we do not anticipate that any complications will arise with the Company in consequence of the unfortunate delay at Port Darwin. The recent determination of the Government not to make any use of the Roper as a means of transit for the stores is a remarkable and not a very satisfactory commentary upon that paragraph of the letter which refers to this subject. By dispatching a suitable steamer at once from Brisbane with a small land party the whole route for stores from Port Darwin by way of the Roper to a junction with the telegraph line might have been easily defined before the teams could be ready to start to convey them by overland carriage as seems to be intended. The fol lowing is the letter in question : — ' British-Australian Telegraph Company, Limited, 66, Old Broad- street, April 25, 1871. ' Sir— With reference to an allusion in your article of the 18th instant to the line of telegraph now in course of construction by the Govern ment of South Australia, from which some mis apprehension as to the actual progress of that work has arisen, I beg to inform you that from advices received by last mail, we learn that on the 1st of March poles were planted, for a dis tance of 250 miles north of Port Augusta; that materials sufficient to construct 700 miles of line (of which 90 miles were already working on the 8th of November) had been shipped to Port Darwin, and that the whole of the materials for the central section of 600 miles was now on the way, and had arrived at lat. 26°. ' The River Roper, having been surveyed, was found to be navigable for 40 or 50 miles from the sea, and will be used for the conveyance of wire, &c;, to be employed on the section crossing that river, whereby much land carriage will be saved. 'We likewise hear from Commander Noel Osborn, R.N., at Sydney, that public opinion in Victoria and New South Wales was fast turning in favour of the South Australian scheme, and that the general opinion appeared now to be that the land line between the colonies and Port Darwin would be completed some time before this Company's cable would be laid. "1 am, Sir, your obedient servant. " C. W. Earl, Managing Director." Colonial Governors. — The Ceylon Observer, of June 10, says: — 'Information of an authentic character has been received here that Sir Hercules Robinson will be re lieved of the Government of Ceylon in October next, by which time he will have administered the affairs in person rather less than six years. It was lately understood that the Governor of Ceylon, equally with the Governor of Madras and some other ^viceregal representatives, had been assured an extra year of office in view of the personal expenses attending the visit of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh last year. This sudden change of plans, therefore, would seem to us to imply the transference of Sir Hercules to another Government, pro bably to that of New South Wales or Victoria, both of which will shortly be vacant. Be that as it may, the colonists and the intelligent portion of the people of Ceylon are naturally on the qui vive with reference to the name and abilities of the coming man. A gentleman whose name has before been connected with colonial appointments, though we believe he has never held office out of Great Britain, Is now stated to have received the appointment. That gentleman is not Sir Philip Wodehouse, Sir Harry Ord, Sir !R. MacDonnell, or Mr. Ayrton, but Mr. Gregory, M.P. for one of the Irish con stituencies. October next, as intimated above, is named as the time when Uis Excellency-elect will enter on the Governor* ship of Ceylon.' The Overland Telegraph. — In another column we give a list of the names out of whom Mr. Patterson will select 80 of his men. In addition to these teamsters will, as we have already stated, be engaged in the other colonies where the teams are purchased. Mr. Patter son expects to leave Adelaide by the 25th instant, and will join the Omeo, which has been chartered to leave Melbourne shortly after that date. The ship Antipodes has also been chartered to sail from Sydney as speedily as possible with cattle and teams. Mr. Ross has reached Sydney, and will expedite matters there as much as he can. The Treasurer left Mel bourne on Tuesday for Adelaide in the Aldinga. The Penola.— We have been requested to call particular attention to the fact that the Penola will sail to-day, the 19th July, at 3 o'clock, instead of to-morrow. TheatreRoyal.— OnTuesday evening 'Leah the Forsaken' and ' Cramond Brig' were re jieated; and although the attendance was not very large, the performances were splendidly gone through. The Scotch drama was played ?well, except that the ' gude wife's' imitation of the dialect ayont the Tweed was very little like reality, and' that King James's swagger was exaggerated beyond all historical warrant. The presence-chamber at Holyrood, too, bore a poverty-stricken look both in respect to furniture and attendance, but the acting of Mr. McGowan and Miss Jenny Brice made up for any defects. The Scotch reel was capitally danced by the latter, but strange to say was not encored. To night ' East Lynne' is to be presented, and on Thursday there will be a special night for the Portonians. North Yelta Mine.— The Directors' report of the North Yelta Mining Company for the half year ended June 30 states that 'at no period since the reconstruction of the Company have the prospects of the mine looked more pro mising.' Capt. Kitto reports that the chief works include the erection of a whim, the sink ing of No. 2 Shaft below the 22-fathom level, and the sinking of a winze, besides a good deal of stoping. He has met with ' some splendid stones of bell metal ore' in the No. 2 Shaft, and considers that on further sinking ore in paying quantities will be raised. There are 24 hands employed. The balance-sheet shows that the sales of copper ore have realized £397 133. 9d., while the working expenses and general charges h&ve; amounted to £1,045 6s. 4d. The assets are set down at £24,736 14s. 5d. in excess of the liabilities ; but this is chiefly made up by one item, namely ' 5,400 shares on which £4 7s. 6d. hss not yet been called=£23,625.' With this available capital to fall back upon the Directors will have the means of further developing the capabilities of the mine, should the produce raised in the coming half-year be insufficient to meet the current expenses. Pbesbytert op South Australia.— At a special meeting of Presbytery, held on July 18, a call from the Wallaroo Church to the Rev. William Davidson, of Clare, was laid on the table, and sustained. Commissioners from St. Andrew's congregation, Adelaide, appeared in support of a petition for a 'moderation' in favour of the Rev. Jas. Henderson, Port Ade laide. It was agreed to grant the moderation, and the R«v. John Davidson (Chalmers Church) was^ appointed to preach in St. Andrew's, and advise such steps as the rules of the Church prescribe. Viceregal.— On Tuesday evening His Excel lency the Governor and Lady Edith Fergusson entertained the following ladies and gentlemen at dinner at Government House :— His Excel lency Mr. DuCane and the H§n. Mrs. DuCane, the Lady Charlotte Bacon, the Chief Secretary and Mrs. Milne, Lieut. -Colonel the Hon. W. Feflding (Coldstream Guards), lieutenant Howard, R.N., the Bev. Canon Dove, Mr. and Mrs. Barr Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Brind, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Connor, and Mr. Chichester. Afterwards Lady Edith Fergusson gave a musical party, to which the following had the honour of receiving invitations : — The Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Mrs, and the Misses Short, Mr. Henry Short, His Honor the Chief Justice, the Treasurer, Mrs. and the Misses Hart, the Attorney- General and Mrs. Richard Baker, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, Mrs. and Miss Blytb, Miss Forrest and Mr. James N. Blyth, the Commissioner of Public Works and Mrs. Carr, the Hon. Mr. Thomas Reynolds, the Hon. Mr. Finniss, the Hon. Mr. Ayers, C.M.G., M.L.C., Mrs. and Miss Ayers, Mr. Frank Ayers, Sir John and Lady Morphett, the Hon. Mr. Dunn, M.L.C., the Hon. Mr. Hogarth, M.L.C., the Hon. Mr. Morgan, M.L.C., and Mrs. Morgan, the Hon. Mr. Parkin, M.L.C., the Hon. Mr. Emanuel Solomon, M.L.C., and Mrs. Solomon, the Hon. Mr. Tuxford, M.L.C., and Mrs. Tuxford, Mr. Bright, M.P., and Mrs. Bright, Mr. Cheriton, II. Pi, and Mrs. Cheriton, Mr. Coglin, M.P., and Mrs. Coglin, Jlr. Cottrell, M.P., and Mrs. Cottrell, Mr. Darling, M.P., and Mrs. Darling, Mr. Krichauff, M.P., and Mrs. Krichauff, Mr. Kent Hughes, M.P., and Mrs. Kent Hughes and Jliss Ryan, Mr. Laurie, M.P., Mr. Mann, M.P., and Mrs. Mann, Mr. Mildred, M.P., and Mrs. Mfldred, Mr. Paltridge, M.P., and Mrs. Paltridge, Mr. Pearce, M.P., and 3Irs. Pearce, Mr. Ramsay, 3I.P., and Mrs. Ramsay, Mr. and Mrs. Simms, Mr. Townsend, M.P., and Mrs. Townsend, Mr. Watts, M.P., and Mrs. Watte, Mr. Wentzel, M.P., and Mrs. Wentzel, the Archdeacon and Mrs. Marryat, Mr. and Mrs. J. Boothby, Mr. and Mrs. Downer, Mr. and Mrs. Mais, Mr. Branthwaite, Mr. E. G. Blackmore, Mr. Deering, Mr. George Hamilton, Mr. and Mrs. i Ferguson, Dr. and Mrs. Wyatt, the Mayor of Adelaide acd Mrs. Solomon, Mr. Consul Amsberg, Mr. Consul Von Treuer and Mrs. Von. Treuer, Mr. Consul Smith, Mrs. Smith, and Miss Barber, Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Andrews, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Angas, Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Andrews, Captain Bagot, Mr. Bart leet, Mr. and Mrs. Bartley, Mr. Beddome, Dr. and Mrs. Benson, Mr. and Mrs. Neville Blyth, Mr. and Mrs. Bury, Dr. and Mrs. Butler, 3Ir. and Mrs. Barlow, Mr. and Mrs. Barton, Mrs. and the Misses Boothby, Mr. George Boothby, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Carter, Mr. and Mrs. Colley, Mr. and Mrs. Cox, Mr. and Mrs. Colton, Mrs. Mrs., and Miss Crawford, Mr., Mrs., and the Misses Castle, the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Davidson, Mr. and Mrs. Darwent, Dr. and Mrs. Davies, Mr. and Mrs. Selby Douglas, Mr. and Sirs. Duffield, Dr. Duncan, Mr. and Mrs. Everard, Dr. and Mrs. Forster, Dr. Fisher, 3fr. Henry Gawler, the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. S. Green, Dr. and Mrs. Gunson and Miss Lucas, Mr. and Mrs. Halcomb, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Hallett, Mr. and Mrs. Hargrave, Mr. W. Hanson, Mr. aud Mrs. Hawkes, 3Ir. and Mrs. Hinckley, Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Heath, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Heath, Mr. C. J. Heath, the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Honner, the Rev. J. N. Hinterocker, 3Ir. and 3Irs. Hope. Mr. and Mrs, Hardman and Miss Howard, Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Hughes, Mr. Hance, Dr. and Mrs. Jay, Rev. 3Ir. and Miss Jenkins, the Rev, M. Kennedy, Mr. and Mrs. King. Mrs. Kent and Miss Senner, Mr. L'Estrange, the Rev.. Mr. and Mrs. Morse, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. 3Iagarey, Mr. and Mrs. McCoy, Mr. MacDennott, Mr. and JMrs.JIcFarlane, the Rev. T. 3Iurphie, Jlr. and Mrs. W. Milne, Mr. J. aud the Misses Milne, and Mrs. E. M. DeMole, Mr. and Mrs. May, 3Ir. 3Iayo, 3Ir. and 3Irs. Minchin, 3Ir. and Mrs. Muecke, Mons. Adolphc Marval, the Rev. 3Ir. and Mrs. Neville and Mrs. Alexander, Mr. Edward Nasmyth, Mr. John Newman, Captain and Mrs. O'Halloran, Mr. and Mrs. Oldham, 3Ir. George Oughton, Mr. and Mrs. Patterson, Mr. Caleb Peacock, Mr. and Mrs. Peake, Mr. Pelham, the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Pollitt, Mr. and Mrs. Prankerd and Miss Mann, the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Poole, Mr. and3Irs. Parr, 3Ir. Proctor, the Rev. Mr. and 3Irs. Richardson Reid, Mr. and Mrs. Reed, 3Ir. and Mrs. Riddoch, Mr. and Miss Richman, Mr. and Mrs. Robertson, the Rev. Mr. and Sirs. Read, Mr. and Mrs. and the Misses Richardson, Mr. T. Richardson, Mr. aud Mrs. Shipster and Miss Macdowell, Mr. and Mrs. Squires, Mr. and Mr. George Stevenson, Mr. and 3Irs. Stephens Miss Smith, Me. Shakespeare, 3Lr. and Mrs. Henry Scott, 3Ir. and Mrs. G. B. Scott, Mr. John Souttar, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas, Mr. and Mrs. Thrupp, the Rev. C. Goodenough Taplin, Mr., Mrs., and Miss Tomkinson, Mr. and Mrs. Valentine, Mr. and Mrs. Varley, the Rev. Mr. and 3Irs. Webb, Mr. and Mrs. Percy Wells, Mr. and 3irs. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Wright and Miss Stanton-^31r. Waterhouse, Mr. R. and Mr. W. Warburton, Mr. John Williams, the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Crawford Woods, the Very Rev. J. E. Tenison Woods, Mr. and Mrs. Gavin Young. Presentation.— At the meeting of Court Perseverance, No. 2221, Ancient Order of Foresters, held on Tuesday evening, July 18, District Secretary Durieu, on behalf of the Adelaide District, presented P.D.C.R. William Holland with a valuable timepiece as a recogni tion of services rendered to the Order while District Chief Ranger. Brother Holland acknowledged the testimonial in suitable terms. Home Mission and Contingent Fund.— The annual meeting of the Wesleyan Home Mission and ContiBgent Fund was held in the Pirie street Lecture Hall on Monday evening, July 17 ; Mr. G. W. Cotton in the chair. Mr. P. Scott read the report, .which stated that the increase from Circuit contributions had been £100, and indulged in sanguine expectations respecting the result of next year's efforts. The long line of stations stretching from Kooringa to the Barrier Ranges had been visited by Mr. Edwards, who had been appointed to that work, and had written to the effect that he was well received on all the runs. The new Circuit at Narracoorte had been entered upon with every prospect of establishing a good Methodist Church there. In connection with the new Mission Stations at Blinman and Mount Remarkable there were several important preaching-places, as well as 12 stations belonging to each Circuit, requiring to be regularly visited. An additional minister for each of these Circuits would therefore at no distant period need to be sent if they were to be worked efficiently. The report closed with an appeal to the Methodist public to do all they could to keep the funds in a flourishing condition, so that the objects of the Mission might be more and more widely disseminated. The balance sheet showed that the receipts had been £913 10s. 10d., and the expenditure £5 5s. lid. in excess of the amount. The Rev. T. Raston moved, and the Rev. A. J. Bogle seconded, the adoption of the report, which was carried. Mr. J. Colton, J.P., proposed, Mr. J. Scott seconded, and the Rev. W. L. Binka supported, the fol lowing resolution, which was carried: — 'That as the maintenance of existing Home Mission Stations, and the commencement of others in distant parts of the country, must greatly tend to the material, moral, and spiritual advance ment of the colony, this meeting acknowledges its duty and privilege in promoting so important a work.' After thanks to the Chairman, the meeting was closed by singing and prayer. Buying up New Caledonia.— A correspon dent of the Sydney Morning Herald writes : — 'Sir — Do you think it would be utterly useless to broach the idea of England's purchasing New Caledonia from the French ? For the symme trical rounding off of the Anglo-Australian dominion, the annexation is necessary of New Caledonia and New Guinea. With regard to the first, the time and the opportunity have pro bably come. The future French Government, whatever form it may assume, will certainly be impecunious, and therefore, probably, not un willing to accept moderate cash for an outlying possession comparatively useless to France. The transfer would be advantageous to all par ties concerned— to France, to Australia, to the British Empire, and specially to the French colonists in New Caledonia. It is a mere matter of course that under our Sag existing interests would be respected and protected, and the French holders of property in the island would find themselves, without effort on their own part, gradually lifted into prosperity by the influx of capital, which would surely result from union with Anglo-Australasia.'1 New Esgikb.— On Monday several residents of Kapunda wer» invited by Mr. Robert Cameron, the machinist there, to witness the starting of a steam-engine recently erected on his premises for driving the lathe and other appbances. The engine is of a most compact and useful construction. It is a vertical high pressure one, nominally of foiir-howe, bnt capable of working to double that power. The fire is in the centre, with water-chamber all round it and the steam- chamber above; the flue passing through the latter affords all the advantages of super-heating without any extra cost. The cylinder is attached to the boiler itself, and under the ash-pit is a Sat tank, where the water for feeding is heated. The engine was made by Roby k Co., of Iincolnsbire, and certainly does them credit, all the fittings being finished and complete. So far as could be judged it appears to be a very economical apparatus in water and fuel, and worked as smoothly and silentlv as possible. After some light work at the lathe had been done, those present partook of some refreshment provided by Mr. Cameron, and all cordially united in wishing him success. It is surprising to those who can remember Kapunda as a sheep-run to notice the number of steam engines now at work there in the flour-mill, timber yards, and manufactories. {From yesterday's Evening Journal.} In the Gulf.— The weather in the Gulf was very boisterous for the 24 hours ending at mid night on Monday. On Sonday the barometer fell considerably, and the appearance of the western horizon 'at sunset denoted that a heavy breeze was at hand. Monday morning com menced with a strong breeze from about north, and afterwards it veered to north-west, but on the falling tide there wa« not much wind. A disagreeable cross sea then set in. Shortly after the flood-tide began a vessel was signalled, and as she headed up the Gulf on the port tack it was seen that she would not reach the roadstead, but an early start was made to cut her off, when she again stood inshore. The Press boat was scarcely clear of the Sema phore Jetty before heavy gusts from about W.N.W. reduced her to close-reefs, and ultimately the balance points were tied as the sea increased, and the rising wind drove the spray clean over the boat's mast-head. For some time she battled away in hopes of boarding the vessel, but at length it became evident that further attempt to do so was to run great risk, therefore she was kept away for the Light house, and in an hour was in the smooth water of the harbour. During the afternoon the sea drove quite over the Sema phore Jetty in a way which has not been seen since the gale of 1864, when several men were lost in attempting to board the same mail steamer. Telegrams were forwarded to the Port officials to the effect that no embarkation was deemed advisable from the Semaphore, but at the last moment there was a temporary lull in thegale and the pilot was landed. As, how ever, it was impossible to reach the Pekina and land before dark she was left till next morning. Accident to Captain Orchard.— During the voyage of the Pekina, when north of the Line, Captain Orchard was one day descending from the poop to the main deck when he trod on a fragment of grease, which caused his ancle to turn under him, and he fell breaking bis left leg just above the ancle. The people on board did all they could to alleviate the pain, and as soon as possible the vessel shaped a course for Porto Grande to pro cure surgical assistance, after which the master was confined to his berth for five weeks. On nearing the land he has been shifted to the deck on several occasions, and the result has been a swelling of the limb, which will, how ever, soon be attended to by Dr. Gething. The Strathalbyn Ghost. — 'Naturalist' writes: — ?' If Mr. Tregilgas can get permission to raise the slab upon which he saw the female ' ghost' he will find that the earth under it has sunk, leaving a space, the outline of which will be of much the same shape as that of his 'ghost.' And if he will enlarge the said space to resemble himself, with legs and arms out stretched, and replace the slab carefully, press ing down the earth closely all round it, lie may the first night there is a good fall of dew catch his own ' ghost' on top of it.' Saxony Rams.— The Pekina has brought a consignment of 24 Saxony rams, the whole of which are in excellent condition, and will doubt Jess form a valuable acquisition to the breeding stock of the province. Sparrows.— By the steamer Coorong Mr O'Halloran, of the National Bank, Port Adelaide, has imported a cage of these British birds, with the intention of liberating the feathered strangers at O'Halloran Hill. It is therefore to be hoped that Cockney sportmen and others in search of a swap shot will abstain from molesting them in their new settlement. The Semaphore Jetty.— It would have been well if the Treasurer and the membersof the Marine Board could have seen the start from the Sema phore Jetty on Monday morning, for they would surely at once have made arrangements to lengthen the structure. The land has run out so far that the boats in leaving during a westerly breeze are obliged to make a short tack in the broken water, and if they miss stays nothing can prevent the crafts stranding. Some day a serious accident wUl draw attention forcibly to the matter, but it; is evidently a work which should have immediate attention. BONNETT V. Way. — This case was commenced on Tuesday before Mr. Justice Gwynne and a Special Jury, being an action against Mr. S. J. Way, the solicitor, in respect of property of the late Nathaniel Brooks, of Hurtle Vale. The question arose from the existence of conflicting wills, under the latter of which the whole of the property of the testator- was bequeathed to Edward Bonnett, the plaintiff, with whom he had been living for thirteen months. The de fendant alleged that the second will was pro cured by fraud and the undue influence of the plaintiff. The evidence also raised another question as to the sanity of the testator at the time of making the will. The case resulted in a verdict for the defendant, on the ground that the deceased at the time of the execution of the will was insane. 