MY ADVENTURES AND RESEARCHES IN THE PACIFIC. I [Bx A MASTER MARIN BR.] . , I : BAKAHAKOA AND ITS PEOI-LE. (cONHHDE».) THEY have gat a church at this place, on the building pf which they have exhibited oh amount of industry, ingenuity, and perseverance, which reflects upon them the highest praise. ? . ...."'I Few would readily believe that such a structure could have been erected by a small community shut out from contact with the world, and a lew years ago were naked savages, never having seen a white man. I do not by any means exaggerate when I say that their place of worship would be regarded as a oredit to tho inhabitants of any European, or Australian village; and when we consider that they built it entirely themselves, with no: assistance and instruction but that of their native teacher, it may bo justly btyled a monument of barbarian intelli- gence. It stands in the middle, of an open space of about Half an acre, laid with fine gravel, and sur- rounded by a neat stone wall, with gato ways facing the four cardinal points. -The size of the building is about eighty feet by thirty-five The walla aro twenty-five feet high, three feot thick, plastered per- fectly smooth with snow-white coral limo. Tho doors and windows ore lofty-the. woodwork- most excellentz-specially the fanlights over, the Venetian, blinds which fill up the round arches, heine each carved of a diverse pattern by the hands of different workmen. 'Tho poBts whian support the roof are mosts of wrecked ships, purchased and brought from a neighbouring island. The great roof ie a marvel of lightness, neatness, and strength... The . floor was made of a mixture of ashes and limo; it is level and hard'os marble. There were used in making-it no less than 300 barrels of wood ashes. "The' seats, are covered with fine mats made for the purpose. ' There are two largo stalls enclpsodin ornamented lattices, inlaid with mother-of-pearl..' These belong' to the household of the king and of the' tcachors. The pulpit is of considerable height, supported on the top of n tall octagonal stone, finely cut, and is reached by a stair with carved railings. It is of dark coloured polishod wood, decorated with pearl as thick os it was possible to inlay it; round the reading desk are deep heavy fringes of scarlet mat. The altar is in like manner of dark wood and pearl. The com- munion, service is of solid silver, consisting of a large Bal ver, a chalice, and on ewer about fifteen inches high ; they aro handsomely chased on tho outside, and gilt- within. They were taken, out of a wreck, and were purchased by these natives, from a trader, for 260 dollars in beche-de-mer and other produce.of their island. The building and adornmont of this church was entirely a labour of good will- no one was forced by law, or coerced in. any manner'- to assist (as has been tho case upon so many converted islands).' King, teaohera, and people, alike shared the task, and the heads of each household took upon themselves, in rotation, the chargo of providing the food of the artificers. AU tba inhabitants attend at least onco every Sun day, though there is no compulsion. They aro olean and well dressed; their clothing ia of their own make, of cotton Btuff of divers colours (whioh they buy from traders), and very fino palm-loaf hats (which they make in great quantity and sell to traders at one . dollar each). Some are atill attired-altogether in mats, the outer ones of the form of mantles or Mexican ponchoa ; they look well, hoing worked in. patterns of scarlet and yellow, and aro likewise valuable. The old men wear cloaks of scarlet baize, and carry walking staves tipped with whales' teeth. ' .Tho costume of the teacher is decent; but the cut of his garments antiquated, his clothing soeming to havo desconded to him from some defunot evangelist of the last century-a black coat with an enormous high collar, a waistcoat with flaps turning back to 'tho shoulders, and a ruffled shirt, with his smooth shaven, strongly-marked features, and coal-black hair, and his earnest attitude when in the pulpit, used to remind me. of the portraits of Maximilian ' Robespierre. The service is very simple, but impres- sive: they have no responses, the toachcr alone speaking. The singing ÍB atrooious, and might with advantage, be dispensed with, if it wero nov that the people, especially th6 youngsters, seem to take oxoeeding great pleasure in it. The prayers of the teacher ore short and appropriate, generally ip the same words. He begins with a thanksgiving for the preservation of their lives, for the bounty of God's providence in bestowing upon them abunaanco of food, and of all things necessary to comfort and happiness-specially for the light of Bis Gospel and the promises of salvation-for present quiet, and for the hope of that peaco whioh is everlasting. ; Ho thon proceeds to pray for continued sect'-ity;' for the blessing of the Almighty upon the hoúo juolds ; ' for the safety and prosperity of suoh of the community as may be absent in other lands (naming the several places in whioh they are known to be) ; for the safety - of ships; for all mariners; and such as may he on the seas ; for all such a tran gora as may. have befriended them (the Bakahangans), or in any tray shown kindness to any of their people ; for their fellow» Christians of Polynesia ; for the success of missions wheresoever established ; for all heathens in whatso- ever lands ; conclnding with tho expression of nn earnest hope that it might please God to hasten the day when the knowledgo of himself shall cover tho earth as the waters cover the sea. Bis preaching is well adapted to tho understanding of his people, plain, sensible, and without super- fluous words. One. of his favourito subjects is "persistent industry," of which he is in his own person a most notablo example. Bo enlarges upon the sin of indolence, the holiness and respectability of honest labour ; he bolds to the axiom that "Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do." '. Bis cry is, "Work I work I " See what work has done for you ; look at this beautiful ohurch, and that large Bohool; look at your village of nioe houses; look-at your good clothes and furniture, your boats and nets, and : cultivated grounds. What has got you all this, but work, honest work f Be not oovotous, but Bell your oil and your mats, and what yon have, for a just and fair payment, BO" that ye may have abun- dance and' five comfortably all your days, and grow fat, and be thankful to God. Ye who aro young and strong go with good white captains to other lands, and work and come homo, and bring with you wherewith toBtook you house- . holds, and to clothe your old and helpless relatives. ] Ye who stay at home, cultivate the ground, so that Fo have great store of food, and put the surplus .hereof in your boats, «nd carry it to tho people of I Manihiki (vf ho ara starving moat part .of the year). Give it to them, that they may thank you and Almighty God, for putting it in your hearts to do them good." If there be any whito men present, they sit besido the king ; and it is the custom at the close of the service for the teacher and the old men to come and shake hands with them one by one'before they leave their seats. At a short distance from the village is the grave- yard. The tombs ore of stone and limo, with walks between. Among them are two gravos of strangers, white men who were landed from whaleshipa to be buried on shore; upon the resting puces of these unknown wanderers the islanders have bestowed tho same care os upon those of their own relatives. Here is no vila superstition of demons and ghosts ; a Uakahangan will sit among the tombs in the ^moonlight, and tell you tho names of those who are there buried. The teacher basa good house, but he does not make a restaurant or a stew of it, as so many of his class are in thc habit of doing..' ? Traders commonly lodge with the king. But if a stranger visit Tairi, ho is always ready with a roast fowl.and a cako of baked arrowroot, always desirous .to render any honest service without hint of recom- penso. Thoro is no perfumo of bùllwecd in his domicile, no roprobates may .lounge about his door ; ho is honest, kindly, and void of greed. Faults he has undoubtedly, and some grave ones, such as are bred in tho bono of the Polynesia, and can never bo eradicated as long as their race continues to inhabit tho earth ; but if tho London Missionary Society could have secured tho services of more teachers liko Tairi, tho social and moral condition of many of tho islands of the Pacific, converted ( P) by their agency, would bo Buch as ordinarily well-meaning men of tho world might contemplate with pleasure and Eutisfaction, instead of, as is too generally tho case, with ridiculo and disgust. That bia position is comfortable he is indebted tp his own industry ; he tr tnsoots no business (oxcepb to Boli tho oil himself and his wife make). - rle receives no percentage from traders, he takes no fees, he imposes no tax or tithe, no shorn is paid to him .of fines, or property sequestrated by offenders agaiust tho lows, »nd yet ha is novar in want. ' The people gove bim a piece of land, upon which he labours persistently ; they helped him to build a houeo and canoe, as they did for every neighbour. Ho catches his own fish ; ko digs his own roots. He ia tho hardeBt working man on tho isle ; and it ia the pride of himself and his wife that they have never boon chargeable to any one. , ;HeVdoes not meddle with legislation, but if tho Seoplo ask his advice he gives it according to his ghts.. 'There are no written laws on the land, but they are known and understood by tho people. Thero are no corporal punishments ia force hore, beyond that of some persons being required to carry sand to fill holes in the public street. 'Breach of good morals, is punished by a fine of tho value from one to five dollars in cocoanuts, or mats ; offences of this kind are common : it is the unconquerable frailty of this peoplo ; they can never bo mada otherwise. The fact of persons of either sex, married or single, being so convicted, is not considered any disgrace, it is regarded as a joke legal penalties, excommunication from churoh, or preaohicg of what Sydney Smith was wont to call " forty parson power," are alike of no avail to keep them straight. One motive which preserves many of them in the right path is the very strong love they bear one toward another. But the law, os applied to this matter, is a mere form; the king judaes, and the relatives of the convicted parties all joining in a hearty laugh at the discomfiture of tho prisoners, while ' inflicting tho fine. In morals they aro no worse'than other Polynesian Christian communities, but they are moro void of hypocrisy. This island is seldom visited, as it hos no pearl, and not mach of aught else ; but' some small schooners occasional y visit them from Tahiti, and so the islanders are ablo to supply themselves with what they require. . According to law, evory grown man must go oui in his turn to catch fish, or must find a substitute. The king is ono of tho most skilful fishois. At cer- tain times flying-fish aro in great plenty, ai d ore caught by torchlight outsido of tho reef. It is com montfor the canoes to come homo loaded to the gunwale with these fish, all the surplus of which they dry and .sell to traders. When the canoes come homo, account is taken of the quantity of the fish therein. If more than sufficient for'tho family of the men who caught them, tho balance mustibediyided among tho people. The fish are laid out upon the' sand; ' and' before being removed, a man, whoao business it is daily to pórform this duty, advuncos, and standing bareheaded returns thanks to God for thc great blessing of this abundance of food, and for tho preservation of the fishermen from accident or disaster ; certain mon then portion out tho fish. If thoro be strangers on tho land, their share is first allotted. * Besides canoes thoy have about a dozen boats whioh they handle with great Bkill. They are all of their own make, sharp at each end, after tho model of a whaleboat. Thoy carry twelve men, besides cargo. They aro mad o with infinite labour of planks, noi sawed but howed from tho cocoanut treo, and Btitchcd together with sinnett. The sowing together of tho planks of ono boat takes about 1000 fathoms pf lino. They are sohocner rigged, the soils of cotton duck of whioh they corry great press, the natives, when at sea, beim; very fond of "niling it on." They are good boatmen, I have boen to sea with them several times in a living gale of wind in small boats, when thero* was nothing for it but to carry on sail .and scud for hours before the monstrous "combers" which would have swamped us ia on instant if any- thing had happened to check our speed. In making voyages between the islands, sometimes many boats go together, making a small fleet. As soon as they are clear of the passage they pull into a line abreast of tho end of tho village where their fami- lies aro waiting to see them off. The men of each bolt lake off their hats, and those on the shore do the samo. ' The pilot of each boat prays in a few words for the protection of God, and for a safe return to their home; the crew any, Amen; then at once lot fall and hoiat away everything;, and slide off into tho deep sea. These kind of voyages, though constantly under- taken by them, aro very perilous, cs they have no compass, or charts ; do not understand the theory of ocean currents (which are hero very strong) ; nover make any allowance for lee way, and stear only by tho Bun and stars.. Their boats are leaky, being sewed with cords and having no pitoh ; it takes two men to bale all the time. The nearest land to them ts thirty miles, which cannot he seen from a boat moro than ten, and, if once they get to leeward, between the trade-wind and tho current, they cannot work back. Nevertheless thus ill-provided, they do not fear to ' knock about from island to ¡Bland, and in this manner have they many times visited lands 300 miles away, and even found their way to the Navigators Isles, Thoy are all smokers, both mon and women, but the latter are forbidden bylaw to smoke pipes, being restricted to cigarettes of tobacco rolled in palm leaf. They are not drunkards, although they have no law to prevent any of them from buying spirits from traders if they, choose. Very few of them will drink any intoxicating liquor, although I have known them to keep bottles of wine and rum for years in their chests, for tho solo purpose of being able to offer it to any whito men who' might ohanco to visit their housos. God be with them ! Thoy havo fewer vicos, and moro good qualities than tho generality of isolatod barbarians; whom the progress of discovery in^tho nineteenth century has brought into contact with civilised mon; and of the strange peoples with whom I have had occasion to' mako acquaintance in the course of many years of wanderings, I do not know any of whom I havo a more loving romombranco. 