THE NEW GERMAN EM-mR 1 TFrom the National Zei'jiuui.'\ Vn the 18th of January the King ol Prussia announced to the, German people that he assumed the tb'gnity of German Hmmeror at th« nunimnnR call of the tterman xTinces ana tree towns, wiuwm, «toutot the restoration, or, if you will, the renewal of the German Imperial dignity is a 'very striking and significant expression of the present condition of our Fatherland. It denotes how far German unity has been attained, and how far Germany still remains divided. A perfectly united nation does not need and has not an Emperor, but a King; and as in our nation and language from ancient times, as well as among the kindred i nclish and Scandinavians, the name ' king:- expresses the highest state dignity and the n«atestfulnes8 ot power, so thatitis impossible to conceive anything higher in power and dignity, the head ot Germany would pro .perly be called King of Germany, if our people were. in possession of as perfect and complete national unity as the English, Danes, fcweedes, and other nations. The constitu tion of Germany, however, still remains in sak imperfect stage of national unification, and the name 'Emperor' which has just been assumed, exactly suits this state of things. It is the German princes, the rulers of the divisions of Germany, who expressed the desire for this limited chief dignity. The proclamation of the 18th of January makes no mention of a call on the part of the people ; but for this we console ourselves with the thought that the people are born yafod destined for unity. But before1 we describe what the1 new German bnperial dignity is, we will explain -what it' is not. It is a child of the blooming present, endowed 'with body and soul; it is no ghost of the past. . . . King William, the new German Emperor, is not to be, and will not be, a follower of Charles the Great or of Otto the Great. Would that he might be the follower of King Henry ! Of him it was said, 'When he died (which was in the year 930) Germany was everywhere in a Nourishing and progressing condition, united at home, respected by all, hated by none, the most powerful State in Europe, and yet not dangerous to the liberty of any neigh Ixraring people.' Such a King of Germany we should most willingly have and keep ; but as it is only an Emperor that is granted to us, you need not tear, Italians, that he will cross the Alps, orcometo terms with the Pope about the sovereignty of the world; . and all anxious persons -it home And abroad may give up their fears, for he will be no Latin or Gallic Caesar; for, strange to say, as soon as King William's imperial dignity was spoken of, some feared that he intended to open again with Peter's keys the holy German Empire of the Middle Ages, while others had a fore boding of a Latin Ctesarism. The learned can indeed find some connecting link for these different fears. Was not Charles the Great, who was crowned by the Pope, in a certain manner looked upon as the successor of the old Emperors from Augustus to TheodosiusJ What security have we that King William wj!l -not equally contrive to mingle the odour of sanctity with the constant increase of the numbers of hit horses and horsemen ? In that case We should have collected together in one Pandora's box all the plagues of the German and Latin Empires. But we must remember that the German Emperors of later centuries can be reproached with anything rather than superfluity land misuse of Imperial power. On the contrary, it was Napoleon who desired to revive the claims of Augustus and of Charles the Great. So we see in what quarter the desire for universal rule sprung up in modern tim«s. The Prussian Kings, however, will not be suspected of imitating Bonapartism ; and, at all events, their position and power in Germany is anything but like that of Bonaparte. The new German Empire, which has sprung from a quite different source from the former Empire, can only be explained by the present situation of Germany. The only reason for the introduction of the title ' Emperor' into the Germany of to-day seems to consist in the fact that there are, alas ! several kings in Germany. Therefore the necessity has now arisen, and this neces sity has been most felt by the German princes, to adopt a distinctive name for the head of the Empire. Thereby it is rendered easier for the princes to be subordinate to the Prussian King, and, above all, their dis tinct power appears to them to be equally hedged in and secured against all injury. Moreover, it must not be forgotten that in the title 'Emperor' there is something elevating and winning — something that excites joy and inspires respect in the minds of the people, especially in those parts of Germany to which the most illustrious of the old Emperors belonged by birth or residence, or in those part3 of Ger many which have had no great history since the splendour of the Empire faded' away. While all Germans recognise the head of the State in the new Emperor, the title serves to extend the notion of the strength of the Empire, and to strengthen our unity and our love of unity. Finally, it must also have, a wholesome effect abroad, for the increase in German unity is made more apparent to all foreign nations by the Im perial title and the Sovereign who bears it. 