LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. Mr MCKENNA presented a petition to the Legislative Assembly last night, from the Soman Catholics of Lauriston, praying that some action should be taken to compel the Board of Education to grant assistance to their Common School, from which aid was recently withdrawn under circumstances already familiar to our readers. The petition set forth all the facts of the case. It was received and ordered to be printed. IK tbe Legislative Assembly last evening' after the preliminary business, which was quite unimportant, had been disposed of, the HOUBB turned to the consideration of the Bail ways Construction Bill, and the alterations made therein by the Legislative Council. To begin with there was a long and wearisome discussion upon a point of order as to whether the amendments of the Council should be read a second time before a motion disagreeing with them in globo could be submitted. When this point had been debated for^ about two, hours the second reading of the amendments was agreed to without a division. The first amendment—that striking out what is known as the' Black Line—from Geelong to.Camrerdown then came up for discussion. Mr Longmore moved that this be disagreed with and Mr Woods seconded the motion and spoke strongly in favor of it. Mr Wrixon addressed the House in favor of the Council's amendment and Mr Graham Berry replied at length in -support of the motion. The debate WBB proceeding when the House adjoured for refreshment. - - - Mr BABLOW, than whom there is no more popular caterer .for the public entertainment, and none whose popularity has been better earned, will give two of his entertainments at tbe Mechanics' Institute, on Monday and Tuesday evenings next. THE heavy rains of Sunday and yesterday have had the effect of considerably increasing the depth of water in the Malmsbury Beservoir. Last night the guage registered a trifle over 40 feet, and the water was still rising. There was a fall flood coming down the Campaspe yesterday afternoon, but only a moderate fresh in the Coliban. UEATT rain fell on Sunday and yesterday mornings. It can hardly fail to have a beneficial effect upon the crops in the Kyneton dis trict. TBE annual meetings of Shire Councils throughout the colony will take place this day at noon. So great was the crowd of returning holiday makers on Monday that two additional trains from Melbourne—one at noon, the other at night—were rendered necessary. IHTENDOTG exhibitors are - reminded that entries for the Annual Show of the Kyneton Agricultural Association must be made with the Secretary, Mr Bobert Harper, before six o'clock on the evening of Monday next, -the 20th inst. The extended time for -receipt -of entries for the .National Society's Inhibition to be held in Melbourne on the'29th and 30th inst;*nd lst and ,2nd prox., will expire-on Monday next. THERE will be a cricket match on Saturday next atGisbome, between eleven of the -Woodend and eleven of the Gisborne clubs. MESSES Wm. Ghren and Alfred Smith are proposed as members of the IiauriBton Common School, (No. 1083) ; Messrs William CsSin, Richard Dawes, James Dawes, and Z. W. Carlisle are appointed members of the Committee of the Lancefield Common Sohool, No. 707. THBEE licenses under the 42nd section of the Amending Land Act, 1865, granted to John Skehill, in the parish of Langley, have been.declared forfeited for non-payment of license fees Ax the Woodend Police Court on Monday, Jeremiah Casey was committed "to take his trial at the next Castiemaine -Circuit Court,- on a charge of committing wilful and corrupt pequry. The particulars of the case have already appeared in our columns. ACCOEDIHO to intelligence received from Ifow Zealand. Te Kooti has defeated the. Arawas under Captain Preeoe, and the latter has been killed. AT St. Paul's Church, Kyneton, on Sunday evening, the Bev. W. Chalmers preached a very impressive sermon having reference to the recent murder of Bishop Patteson.' The text was from Acts c. Tfii v. 55, 56. ";But he (Stepheb) being full of the Holy Ghost,iookedlnp- stedfastly into Heaven,.and saw the'glory .of God, and Jesus standing on the right h'Bnd"&f;' God, and said, Behold, I see the -Heavens opened, and the Son of .Man standing on the right hand of God." .. From the published balance sheet of the Gisborne shire, there appears a total revenue for last year of TAfl63 4s lid, with a total eipenditureof L3,387 16s 3d, leaving L675 8s'7dof a balance inliank. The rates received amounted to L718 lis 6d, and L2.923 5s 9d was received from .JGovemmant.as endowment and main road subsidy^ £ 0 £s was received from dog registration feesi and only 139 Ss from publicans' -licenses. T%e public works exeeptedduring the year amounted,to 12,47b 10s 9d; salaries and commissions amounted to L33112s Sd; auditors'- fees and flood -conference -expenses, together, only amounted to 13 18s ; lfill6s was -spent in printing- ancl. advertising, bat X7£ Ss 6d ..was spent in law, «rifh anothur tnU bf IAB9 3s 6d unliquidated amongst the liabilitiei. The total valuation of "the shire forlSfrl-waB L16j645 I£s, proBpeinfe; at one wliillmgin the pound, after appe^j ]j827 of ntep. The complimentary banouet to the .Ministry, Monday night in^ the Town-hall Mel- Miune in recognition of their advanced and liberal polioy, was attended by about 600 persons of all-classes. Mr. John Eveiprdwas in the chair, and beside him on the raised pisiform sat the Ministers; all of whom wert present, Mr. Jenner, M.L.C., Mr. Vale, M.L.A.. Mr. Douglas, Mr. C. Bright, Dr. Embliog, and Mr. Yeomans. The audience was most enthusiastic and demonstrative in their expressions of ap- >roval and applause. Some disapointmenta was 'elt at Mr. Duffy's inability to speak, owing to a severe affection of the throat, and the duty of responding to the toast of "Her Majesty s Ministers in Victoria" devolved upon Mr. Grant, who traoed the career of the Government since its formation, and referred to. the good actions they had performed during the ive months they had been in office. Speeches were delivered by Mr. Beny, Mr. O'Grady, and Mr. M'Lellaii, but'no toast was setjdown in the programme for Mr. Longmore or the law officers. The galleries were set apart for ladies, but only a few availed themselves of the privilege. A VEEY distinct shock of earthquake was felt in Kyneton shortly after nine o'clock on Sunday morning. The morning was intensely sultry and the atmosphere was surcharged with electrioity. The vibration appeared to be from west and to east, and lasted about fire seconds. It was felt by a considerable number of persons in Kyneton and in one or two instances oecasioned no] little alarm. In one case a lady who was dressing in her bedroom ran down stairs and assured her husband that the flooring of the upper story was about to giye way; in another, some children playing in a stable felt the shock so distinctly that they -believed the building was about to tumble down. Crockery upon shelves was perceptible shaken, and windows rattled in their frames. The vibration WEB ' felt at Tarikdaje, -Malmsbuiy, Elphinstone and Castienuupe^,^. Mosrof the arrangements for the Eclipse Exsdition(remarks the Telegraph) are concluded, i reply to a communication from Mr Ellery, a letter has been received from the Chief Secretary stating that the detailed arrangements have been left with the Victorian Boyal Society. The steamer Governor'Blackall, the property of the Queensland Government, has been chartered for the purpose, and will be under the charge of Lieutenant Gowland, B..N., of the Imperial Government Survey, stationed in New South Wales. There will be two scientific parties, one from Victoria and the other from Sydney, and the whole will be under the charge of Mr EUery, the Victorian Astronomer. The Victorian party will leave Melbourne about the 23rd or 24th instant, and start from. Sydney on or about the 27th. This will enable the observers to arrive on the spot about six or seven days before the eclipse takes place. The observers from both places will number fifteen, and there will be about the same number of passengers. I) is supposed that the most exact point of observation will be from some of the coral islands within six or seven miles from Cape Sidmouth and if the weather wili permit landing cn these islands, one observing parly will be placed there and another upon the mainland ; but the minute details or working out the expedition can only be decided on the spot. MT Ellery has for some time been busily engaged preparing instruments, and instructing those who will assist in the work. Accompanying this expedition and engaged in it will be a number of trained and armed men, who will be found useful in the event of the natives proving hostile. SINCE the complaints recently made of the danger ^arising from shooting at the Kyneton Volunteer ;Bifle Butts, the practice has been discontinued by order from head quarters, and the Volunteers are now compelled to confine themselves to the Malmsbuiy Butts for "prac tice, THX Castiemaine Races will take place to day. COMMENTING upon the conduct of Mr Gresson as disclosed during the hearing of the case M'lartn « Hunter at the Taradale County Court on Wednesday last, -the Age remarks:—ThiB is positively diabolical, and in our ignorance we ask, is there no method of. dealing with this dancing attorney. His own confessions stamp him as unfit to be in a p^t*"" »i"HinffJiiniifai influence the fortunes and' liberties of his fellow For the sake of gain he would not hesi tate at any proceeding, no matter how scandalous or unjust. Her Majesty's Attorney-General for Victoria is the head of both branches of the profession, and we commend Mr Gresson and his proceedings to the early attention of the learned gentleman. The criminal law ought to reach misconduct of this kind in the shape of prosecution for conspiracy; if it does not Mr Gresson can be arraigned before the Supreme Court as an attorney guilty of malfeasance. If society be not protected from him and such as him no man will be safe. TBE Shire Council of Gisborne received at their last meeting a circular from the Central Board of Health railing attention to the evils attendant upon the over-crowding of theatres, and the necessity of. providing more efficient means of egresB therefrom. It is gratifying that the Central Board of Health have taken up this matter. The over-crowding of theatres and popular places of amusement in the city of Gisborne has long been a standing source of complaint. If the Central Board of Health would direct their attention to the Shire Gaol and the City Lunatic Asylum they might, by timely warning, avert a great publio calamity, It is true that the one is of modest dimensions and the other has yet to be built, but' it may be fairly anticipated that if the law is put in force against the proprietors and doorkeepers of Gisborne theatres, and the Shire Council receive many more such circulars from the Central Board of Health, the enlargment of the Shire Gaol and the commencement of the City Lunatic Asylum must follow as the light, doth the day. THE dead body of a man was found Hosting in the railway reservoir at Middle Gsilly. on Saturday, and from tbe fact that decomposition was well advanced it is believed that the body must have been in the water eight or ten days. Deceased was not identified,- but in his trousers' pocket & Miners' Eight was found which had been issued to a person named Barnes. At the inquest which was held on Monday morning, it was testified that deceased had bran seen, evidently under the influence iof drink, staggering about in the vicinity of the reservoir in which his body was found, eight or nine' days before. The juiy returned an opien verdict, bid expressed an opinion that the deceased either threw himself^ or fell into the reservoir whilst drunk, and was drowned. 