CHINESE SUPERSTITION IN VICTORIA. THE following amusing narrative is given by the Bendigo Advertiser :— Sergeant Larimer has been called upon to act as adviser to the Chinese at Golden Point. A few days ago Ah Coon, who some years since I acted as interpreter at Ballarat, waited on the sergeant to ask his advice upon a very serious matter. Ah Coon stated that one night he was j asleep at Golden Point, when he was aroused by a tapping at the door. He got out of bed, and i looking out, saw vanishing in the darkness a misty row of figures with Chinese countenances, and clothed in long flowing white robes. Ah Coon wondered, but seeing nothing more re turned to his slumbers. In a few moments the i knocking commenced again, and the figures j were more distinct, and he saw the procession . was headed by the shade of an old Chinaman with a long white beard. Again the procession I of ghosts vanished, again Ah Coon returned j I troubled to bed, and again the knooking was resumed. This time Ah Coon pondered before |he opened the door. He was sure his visitors j were from the other world, and he mentally re ! ™jed his past life to try and remember if he had ever made any promises to the dead and left them unfulßUed. He suddenly remem bered that when the cemetery authorities 1 had, on account of the danger, objected to ' the burning of paper over Chinese graves in the cemetery, he had promised to have a small fireplace and chimney erected there for the purpose of carrying out the Chinese custom of burning a certain kind of paper at different times over the graves of the departed. This promise he had not carried out, and he was sure that this accounted for the visits of the ghosts. Having arrived at this conolusion, Ah Coou went to the door, and found the ghosts drawn np in a semicircle boforo him. He ad dressed the venerable leader in Chinese, pro inising to have the chimney er<?ctcd, and apolo gised for bringing them out in such weather. Ah Coon has built the chimney and fireplace, and has since slept undisturbed. The same Chinaman also informed the sergeant of another ghostly adventure, some years before. This time Ah Coon was awakened by something pulling his shoulder, and when he opened his ejea he saw a large cat with a white breast standing beside him. He knew from the cat's behaviour that it was not of this eaith, but it did not appear to understand Chinese when he addressed it in that language, and tho animal appeared quite as ignorant of English. Ah Coon then remembered that in China, the land of his birth, it was generally understood that ghosts could not hold pens or p.ncils. As this cat could not or would not speak, Ah Coon wanted it to write its requests or complaints j but there was a difficulty about holding the pen. Chinese ingenuity, however, soon ovor came all difficulties. Ah Coon got an iron tea tray and huvine smeared it over with oil, sprinkled it with fine aßhes. The white-breaßted cat understood at once. With one of its paws it wrote in Chinese characters on the tray that it was tho spirit of a Chinaman, whose body was at that moment lying buried in a drive at Long Gully, near Creswick. It asked Ah Coon to have the body removed from the claim and decently buried, and begged that if such a thing as an inqueit was held, the body might not be mutilated. The cat then melted away into thin air, and Ah Coon slept. The next morning he states that he rode to Long Gully, found the body as described, and had it buried after an inquest had been held, at which there was no pott mortem examination. Ah Goon wanted the sergeant to advise him as to what he Bhould do in the event of another visit of the same kind, bnt Larimer informed him that the thing was out of his line. Last month we had to speak favorably of the success of New Zealand flax as a rope-making material. This month we hare still better newt. Mr. C. Thome, who is indefatigable in the matter, under date July 11, writes to as from Dundee:—" I have, through the kindness of a spinner here, who is taking some interest in the matter, succeeded in getting a portion of my dressed fibre made into a yarn, and I hare been promised by another friend that this yarn shall bo pnt into oloth—it will neceaaarily be of rather a coarse description—but my yarn is, after this trial, to undergo farther treat* ment, which it is expected will improve it, and make it better fitted for a finer class of duck or canvas. When the spinner first tried the fibre he was afraid his machinery would not work it —he watched its progress personally, saw the causes of failure, and overcame them—but now he has no hesitation in saying he oonld easily work it without any alteration of his maohinery, and that this fibre will prove very valuable both as an article by itself and also when mixed with fine flax—in the latter case it will enable a canvas to be made stronger than it can be at present—this is simply the thin end of the wedge, as if once brought into work, and fibre of a finer description supplied, there will be a good demand for it, and a better class of goods than canvas will be manufactured from it. With the flax prepared in the ordinary way nothing but rope can be manufactured. I go again to Arbroath tomorrow to have another talk to my friend, and may be delayed here in getting my experiments carried through, but thought you would like to know the above in time for this mnil, and I may not have time to address you again before it leaves." Thb last act in the ease of " Herbert v. Th« Rev. John Purehas" was performed on June 24\. A monition was issued from the Appeal I Registry and served upon Mr. Purchas, to abstain from wearing certain vestments. The principal point with the clergy is the position of the officiating minister during the reading of ! the Prayer of Consecration ; and the law, as now established, is that the minister is to stand at the side, and not in front, of the altar while reading the prayer in the Holy Communion Service. Mr. Purchas has been admonished for his past conduct, and ordered to übstain from similar practices in future. By the Order in | Council all persons are to take notice, " and to govern themselves accordingly." I The Maria Douglass, schooner, which left Fiji on May 30, on a cruise, reports variable wea ther on the run down. On July 14, at Number Two Island, the captain (Welch) went ashore for the purpose of engaging men. Thenativesap j peared very much inclined to be troublesome, so at noon he returned to the ship. At 2 p.m. he again went ashore, when the natives fired on j the boat. One of the crew was shot in the ! stomach, when the whole of them jumped over > and swam to the vessel, leaving the unfortunate | captain to fight for himself. He managed to get the boat off to the ship, but not until he ' had been struck by eleven arrows, two in the i shoulder, one in the back, the remainder in his legs, some of them having pierced right through. After this Captain Welch was unable to go on deck, therefore the ship was taken down to ; Sandwich, where Mr. Mackenzie was shipped as 1 captain. Thia was on July 23, when Captain \ Welch was taken ashore. The vessel then j cruised for a short time 10l -er and proceeded on return trip to Fiji, during which she ex- I perienced unsettled weather, arriving here as above. Tho Marion Kenny brought news of Captain Welch's death, which occurred on July 1 26.— Fiji Times, August 23. The Marion Kenny, schooner, under the com ! mand of Mr. J. D. Harry, returned on Thurs day morning from a labor cruise. She left ' Levuka on May 10, under command of Mr. I Robinson. Whi st cruising amongst the islands, i her boat's crew was fired upon several times, I but only in one attack made upon it was there , any damage done, This attack was made on July 8, at the island of Santa, when Captain ! Robinson was speared in the fleshy part of the : left arm above the elbow. The spear had several prongs, but was taken out aud the wound ' sucked, bo as to draw out any poißon in case tho ' weapon bad been a poisoned one. The wound ; progressed favorably, however, but Captain Robinson was afte. warcia taken ill, and being unable to accotnpunj his vessel, was landed oil July 28, together with a passenger, Mr. Roach, I who remained behind to attend to him. The | vessel then started for Fiji.— Fiji Times, August 26. ! The Clunes Guardian says that tho grub : has made its unwelcome appearance among the oatB about Glendaruel and Coghill's Creek, and ' large patches aro to be seen dying away. The j wheat is, however, looking promising. It has beeu determiued to hold a Caxton j festival in liallarat. 