general news. Miss Thorne will give a lecture, subject—"Young Womanhood,"—at the Town HalJ, Port, on Friday evening next, in aid of the Bible Christian Chapel, Port Land Estate. In addition to the lecture, there will be selec tions of music both vocal and instrumental. "We have been favored with the follow ing extract from a letter dated Netley, January 27, respecting the state of the Darling "The Princess Koyal passed down to-day,'and re ?,0r^^1thrt„t,he ™er was "sing at Bourke. i5ut> little i≪ has taken place here yet." The Bury and Norwich Post, of No vember S, contains the following account of the untimely death of Dr. Gedge, the chief medical gentleman accompanying Sir Samuel Baker to the lntei ior of EgyptDeath of Dr. Gedge. —Many of our readers will learn with regret and sympathy that the report of the death of this gentleman, contained in a telegram from the correspondent of the Times at Alexandria, about three weeks back, is confirmed hy intelli gence just received through the Khedive's Minister of the Interior. As medical officer of the expedition under the command of Sir Samuel Baker for opening np to commerce and colonization the country adjaeent to the sources of the Nile, Dr. Gedge had made, with the main body of the expedition, the difficult passage of the Desert of Dongola, and had reached the station between Khartoum and Gondokoro, where it had been resolved to spend the rainy season, delays atstartinghavingprevented them from reaching the latter place before it com menced, as originally intended. The commu nication with these regions is very fitful anl no information beyond the bare an nouncement of the sad event has yet reached England. Mr. Joseph Gedge, M.B., of Caius college, Cambridge, was the son of the late Mr. Johnson Gedge, of this town. As Phy sician's Registrar at Addenbrooke Hospital and Demonstrator of Histology in the University Medical Schools, and an ardent, and at the same time most thorough, and careful student of medical and physical science, he had won 1 the esteem of many members of the Uni versity of the highest standing in those branches of knowledge, and when an enthusi astic dejare to avail himself of such a field for extended research led him to brave the dangers of African exploration, he was entrusted by the Khedive of Egypt with the collection of materials for a museum at Cario, which should illustrate the character and resources of the lake district of Eastern Africa. Hopes of future success, which were warranted by great promise in the present, have thus been dashed to the ground by a mysterious, and, to his re latives and friends, most painful dispensation.15 A bazaar will be held to-day at St. Francis's Xavier's Hall, in connection with St. Lawrence's Church, North Adelaide. According to a Ballarat paper a lady in that city carries on somewhat extensively the rearing of silkworms. She has now, it is said, 12,000 cocoons ready for winding, A notice in the Government Gazette intimates that volunteers having arms and accoutrements in their possession, excepting those who have a right to retain them, must return them to-day. On Monday evening, January 30, as a lad named Mark Shinners was riding a horse at Truro he slipped off and broke his left arm at the elbow. Dr. Merton attended him, and in consequence of his advice the patient was brought to the Adelaide Hospital, where he was admitted on Tuesday morning. A ghost affair is causing a sensation at Maryborough, in Victoria. A tall figure in white'is reported to glide about in the orthodox way. A blackfellow, who had evidently been much agitated about something, appeared, the Advertiser says, before the Maryborough Police Jourt recently and complained of the conduct of the ghost, but the Magistrate said he could do nothing for him, and advised him to catch it. In his narration of the ghost's vagaries, the poor blackfellow was so overcome with fear as "'to turn quite pale," and on finding the Court could afford him no protection, he seemed dis appointed and lost in despair. The anniversary of the natal day of Scotland's great poet, Robert Bums, was, the Melbourne Argus records, celebrated on the night of the 25th January at the Edinburgh Castle Hotel, Ballarat, where nearly a hundred gentlemen sat down to a table groaning under the weight of oatmeal cakes, bannocks, singit sheeps' heads, the "great chieftains of the puddin' race," and bottles of usquebagh, with which were interspersed bottles of colonial wine, for the benefit of those who found the whisky too weak. A most enjoyable evening was spent, to which the skirling of the bagpipes in an adjoining room contributed in no small degree. . On Monday we published in a con siderably condensed form, a report from the JTobart Town Mercury, of the meetings of the Wesleyan Conference in Tasmania, on the 20th, 21st, and 2-lrd January. On the following day our contemporary, the Register, also published an account of the same meetings, purporting to be taken from the Mercury, but by a most stat tling coincidence, every alteration, abbre viation, and omission in our report was with one trifling exception exactly reproduced in that of our contemporary. It does occasionally happen that two great minds simultaneously hit upon ihe eame idea; but for two contemporaneous writers in presenting the public with an ab stract of three days' proceedings of a large ad ministrative a'd deliberative assembly, to agree precisely, from beginning lo end, as to what to coirect, compress, or altogether avoid, is something more than ordinarily marvellous. Since the commencement of the week cereals have been coming freely into Port Adelaide. At least a thousand tons were brought down by railway during the 24 hours ending Tuesday evening. The following vessels are loading for London with cereals Warrior, Jessica, Viola, and Talisman, and the Rutland has just come into harbor, chartered by Mr. Darwent, to load for Great Britain. She will probably take 1.500 tons. The Ituby is also on the beith, and there are two or three likely vessels in harbor not yet settled with. For New Caledonia, the Contest is loading ; _ for Batavia, the Galilee; for Guam, Catharina; for Brisbane, the Essie Black (just come into harbor) will meet wiili dispatch, under charter to Messis. John Hart & Co. For neighboring colonies vessels a:e departing daily, and amongst those ■which will meet with dis patch are—For Sydney, A. H. Badger, St. Magnus, Waverley, Windhover, G orong (hat que), full ship, and William; for "Western Australia, Ellen Lewis. 