MY ADVFA'TTriiE- AND RESEARCHES IN TaE PACIFIC. — ,Comim;!:o.) I [By a Master Mauixeu.] j It was midday when we ©merged from its gloomy cavern of the LakeofC'iiins, uiid vurybeautilul and cheerful did the forest seem to us under the beams of noon after coming out ot that isloomy eepulihre. Overhead, among the thick branches, many birds' weio sitting upon their nests; chameleons of the most glorious colours were pliviug hide aud seek among tho ferns, or chasing one another up and down the trailing stems of the great li^nes and convolvuli, which, coverod with iiti^e blossoms, twined them* selves in the most fantastic forms round bole and branch up to tho tops of the tallest trees. Long whiskered rats peeped out of hole*, and soldier crabs, tapping their painted claws against their scarlet breastplates, seemed to indignantly protest against j the intrusion of human beings iuto their solitary domain. All these creatures were revelling in the sunshine. We went to seat ourselves upon a large, flat, mossy coral rock, and upon it I notiiei what L had not observed before. This was a round stone, about a foot in diameter, hollowed in the centre, and upon it was placed another upright one of the form of an egg, but flattened at the base, upon which it stood. It was about nine inches high and. six inches through. It was mortited or cementtd into the one which it s'.ooi upon, smooth aid nolished, apparently of lava, or of some similar stone | not existent on coral isles. I knew what it was. I at once recognized itaB a phallus, or* ilol stone, of the established form, -such as whs in_ use in the religious mysteries ot the ancient Egyptians, and is still to be found at the doorways of Brahmin templet, at the intersection i f crosB roads in many Eastern lands, and throughout the islands of the Pacific. These stones were carried 'y the early canoe voyagers .probably as a sort of talisman. My companion understood perfectly well the o'ject of this one, eftying— 'We hitd them upon our land of old time: they are now lost, seeing that we pay no longer any regard to them.' However, he would not sit down by it, so we removed to another place, and ha told me the following history. TBE PILOT EKOONGA' 6 6T0BY. ' My grandfather.' said he, 11 whs named Ekoonga J Nui, and made 'in his day many voyages to sea. ' At that time our people made better and larger canoes than they do now, and were not afraid of bad winds and Btorms as they are now. Our fathers were brave men — we are becoming cowards and poor fools. I do not know what is the reason of thin, except that our fathers had gods of their own in which they trusted, whereas we now believe in nothing except some ireligion of the white man, which we do not well understand, and which it aeems very plain that the most of white men do not at all believe themselves. However, in my grandfather's day, a man was not thought* fit to be a great chief unless he could tell of some strange land to which he had been, and from thence they would bring many curious and useful things ; and our people were able to tell the names of landjj that were far away, and how many days it took to ge there in canoes. In this manner it came to be Baid amongst us that there was towards the going down of the sun a land which was called Mafuia, a very great laud, stretching further than men could tell, and higher than the tallest clouds ; that upon this land were tbe ovens or cooking places of the godB, which were never put out, but were kept burning all the time, being of so great size' that the flame thereof rose high into the sky, and the smoke being drifted by the wind settled upon the sea, ?o that men looking for that land were often unable to find it. ' Now, my grandfather, having heird of this, was minded to go there, and be and his friends made ready a strong canoe, into which they put good store of cocoa-nuts and kabobo ; and there went with him seven others, one of whom was only a boy (which wob my father), and they steered towards the sunset for many days, when they found land — four small islands and very much food. It was called Bouka, by reason of the great quantity of that wood which was there ; and the people spoke a language! some thing like ours, and were very kind and glad to see strangers. They had no large canoes, and did not know much of any land but their own ; and after staying there some time, my grandfather departed, ana in Ave days Bore perceived to the south an fcppearance as of much clouds, and steering towards them came into a region of thick darkness, where the sea was covered with floating stones, and rose in huge boiling waves, and there was a sound at times as of thunder, and a red light in the heavens, which seemed to make the darkness still greater upon the sea ; and the wind blowing first from the one side and then from another, became very tempestuous, and carried at times .what seemed like dust, which filled the eyes and mouths of the men, and presently there arising out of the north a strong breeze, it cleared off the darkness, and they saw at a vast dis tance an appearance as though the sea were burning and the fire ascending upwards to the stars. Being very jnuch astonished and afraid, and having much trouble to keep the canoe free of the great waves which rolled against tha direction of the wind, they endeavoured to return to the island which they had last left, but not being able to find it they discovered another one, upon which were no men — neither yet was any lagoon or harbour ; and they stayed here awhile and caught much fish, and they called the name of tbe island Motumungao, from tbe very great number of sharks that were thereabout, ana by that name we now know it, some of our people having been, there since. And leaving that place in two days, they came to this, and finding a passage came inside and landed upon that island where we are now living. There they found a woman all alone : Bhe lived upon turtle eggs and clams, and she had a little canoe dug out of a bouka log, which she used to go about in. bhe wore a titi of burau bark, and was very good looking. She had ears as long as a man's hand, therefore her name was called Talingaloa. Her language was somehow dif ferent to ours; nevertheless our people, after some talk, began to understand her and she them. She pointed over the lagoon to this island, and told Ekoonga Nui that there were very many more women but no men, and my grandfather was minded to rest a few days, and then to cross over here with his great canoe. But the next day one of his com pany, whose name was Ulimalo, being anxious to see these women, would nit wait, but took the little canoe belonging to Talingaloa and paddled over here by himself ; here he found a vast crowd of women (more than 100), some of them being very old ; and when, they found that it was a man who had come among them, they laid hold on him, each desiring to secure the possession of him, and falling immedi ately into a iurious quarrel, they pulled him about so roughly that he presently died. A few days after came his companions, all but Ekoonga Nui, who had taken Talingaloa to wife, and remained behind with her. They found the body of Ulimalo, and buried it. They took no revenge on the women, seeing that he had brought his death upon himself by hiB own rashness. They remained here a long time, and took to themselves wives, and when they came to understand one another, the women told them that they were people of Nukumautali, an island lying a vast distance to the north ; that they had been with a fleet of great canoes to a land called Kgili, on the business of their king ; that on the way to their home they had been scattered and dispersed y a furious storm ; three canoes had kept together, and been driven to the southward ; they had wandered on for several moons, landing on various islands, which were desert and uninhabited ; that they made this place, which they believed to have been one of the islands belonging to the king of Fakaofo. so they left the women here, while they went to look for Nukuneno, which they thought should not be far away ; but they never returned, and two-and-t wenty years had passed since then, as tho sea birds had come to the land that number of times to hatch their young since they had been living upon it. ' Some children had been born to them in the first year of their stay, but the boys had all died young, so that there was not a male in the community ; and my countrymen remained here several moons, spend ing the time very pleasantly, until Ekoonga Nui, falling grievously sick, desired to go back to his own home, in the hope that he might there recover, or otherwise die and be buried with his fathers. So they departed, intending to return to this land, and to bring with them taro, and another and better kind of cocoanut which grows with us ; and in four days they came to their own place, having been gone i a great part of a' year; and Ekoonga Nui brought with him the woman Talingaloa, having conceived for her so great an. affection that he could not tear to leave her out of his sight. Nevertheless, the woman, being a sorceress, was by our people believed to be the cause of his death, not of her ill design, for she loved him extremely and bewailed him bitterly, but by reason of the malice (kati te ngakau) of evil spirits, who having consorted with this woman aforetime, in the days that she lived npon the island alone, being now moved with jea lousy, smote him with giddiness, and failing of his limbs, and wasting of his strength, so that he in a short space died ; and Bhe, having bewriled him in a dark house for a year, as was the custom of our widows, married again, — for she, being a strange woman (towards whom our people have great long ing), and withal marvellously well favoured, many men sought after her, so that she had more than one husband after Ekoonga Nui, who all, in like manner died, while herself lived to great age, but leaving no children. She had much skill in necromancy and conjurations, and great knowledge of the stars, and taught ourptopla many strange things. And they who had Bailed with Ekoonga Nui took with them others, and departed again to return to this land of Tapepahua, but having sought for it many days could not find it, and so went back to their home. And years afterwards my father went also in quest of it, and. with better success, and he came over hero to this island, which our people had named Motutalitani (which means the island of them that had no men), but here he found nought save some dry bones, and stumps of cocoa trees, and the ashes of former fires ; and h&ing; to anchor off the shore in the night., he and his people saw lights in the dark forest, and a sound as of voices, and from time to time long hollow groans, seeming far away ; and being very much afraid they loosed from this isle, and the wind being strong, with a heavy sea from the west, they departed at dawn of day, and the wind and sea fol lowing them, in three days they made tbeir own lind ; and from that day until now, no more of our people have ever willed to go in search of this fenua mauri (or land of demons), as we believe it to be ' THE WRITER'S SOLUTION' OP EKOOSQA'S STORY. This tale of the pilot Ekoonga, strange and weird as it mi^ht appear to be, nevertheless conveyed to my mind very much internal evidence of its being in the main points true — a? thus: It was unquestionable that the narrator's father, or some of hid tribe, had visited this place, else how could he have obtained so correct a knowledge of the locality ? The land of the Xafuia, which they were said to have sought, was very surely the mountainous volcanic range of Samoa, some portions of which, probably, were at that time (aB they have been since) in a state of ter rific eruption. The land of Bouka is about where they placed it, and its appearance and inhabitants answer to their description ; so likewise Motumun gao (both of these I have visited). That the women were landed at Tapepahua in tne manner related is by no means improbable. The men who so left them were no doubt lost in some storm, or perhaps, being unable to find the island on their return, fetched up somewhere else. The moat remarkable part of the tale is the vast distance from whence they had come. They said they were people of Nukumantuli, and were return ing to their homes from Bigili ; that they voyaged to the southward, stopping at various uninhabited islands, for several moons ; that they beliered by keeping the same course, that they would eventually find the islands of Nukuneno, or Fakaofo, of which they had some traditionary knowledge ; that on making this land, they supposed it to be one of the group which they so sought. No doubt, after two and-twenty years of solitude and celibacy, the agreeable sooiety of Ekoonga Nui and his compa nions would be to them like the beginning of a new j life. And it is not to be wondered at, bv anyone acquainted with the tempers of these Indians, that, finding their lovers did not return according to pro mise, and believing themselves' a second time utterly deserted, they should have lost all love of life ; becoming too indolent to seek their food, or to cliuib the trees for the nuts, they doubtlessly chopped them recklessly down, and ate the tops, and afterwards, seeing no prospect of comfort in this life, one after tbe other laid down and died. Poor creatures, they had strained their eyes in vain, looking for the brown sail on the blue water, which came not till hope was dead. They had 'gathered shells from youth to age,' and at last gave up the ghost, from mere weariness. With regard to the strange lights which terrified the second company of voyagers, I have seen them myself, both on this island and on others of a similar formation. I am not able to account for them, but they are no doubt to be traced to Borne very simple natural cause. I have noticed them, especially in thick weather, under dense groves where the Boil whioh overlaid the coral rock consisted in a great meaBure of organic remains. £ will mention as an instance of this, the solitary islands of Quiros and the San Pablo of Mendana, which, although presenting excellent conditions for settlement, were abandoned by several companies of adventurers (both red-skins and white men), from the superstitious terrors induced by these appear ances. Ekoonga spoke of a dreadful groaning noise which was heard at this islet, which I also did after wards hear, and discovered the cause thereof. Behind a sandy bay in the neighbourhood, upon a perfectly level coral flat, dry at low water, I found a round hole or pit about eight feet in diameter, of the appear ance of a well; it is situated at about 400 yards from the sea, with which it seems to communicate by a subterraneous passage under the Bandy islet. When the reef is overflowed, it forms at tbe time of ebb a terrific whirlpool, so that a boat at that time coming within its influence would be at once sucked down into its vortex and no more seen ; but at the season of very low tides, and when the swell of the ocean sets from the westward (as was the case at the time of which the natives spoke), the sea rushing into the great cavern nith which this pit doubtless communi cates, drives up through it successive blasts of air, which sound at a distance, and especially in the still ness of the night, like prolonged and hollsw groans. ThiB phenomenon iB rare, by reason of the Bwell commonly setting from the southward and eastward, in accordance with the direction of the trade wind. But concerning the place from whence these women came : The lands whioh they mentioned as being those with which their voyagers were acquainted by tradi tion, or by personal knowledge, were Nukunenot (which thev seem to confound with Fakaofo. the two being cloBe together), Nukunau, Nukumautali, and Bigili. Tbe last was their point of departure, and is one of the Balik isles, lying at least 1260 miles north-west of the land upen which they were finally driven. Had this passage been divided into three stages of almost equal distances, and keeping a south east course almost in a straight line, the inhabited islands which would have broken the Toute at those points would have been Nukunau (which is the most eastern of the Cingsmills, and among the natives of some distant isles is the accepted name for the whole of that group), and Tokerau, of which Nukuneno is in like manner spoken .of as representing the whole of that archipelago. But these lost mariners missed those lands, being in the first place driven well to the east; in keepingi afterwards, a southerly course, they fell in with the uninhabited isles of the Phoenix group, upon which they found not sufficient subsistence to induce them to Temain. That they were Balik islanders is beyond a doubt. In the first place, they could not have invented these names of tho lands from whence they came, and of the others which they hoped to find. The long ears of some of the women, especially Talingaloa, her practice of sor cery, for which her country people are so famous, and her superior knowledge of the stars, which renders them such Bkilfal navigators, are additional evidence of their origin. The circumstance of her being isolated from her kin, and of none of her hiiBbandB living any length of lime, would not be surprising to anyone who had lived among tho Baliks. I was once well acquainted with a similar case of a, woman of Milli (one of tho liatak chain) who was very handsome, so that she turned the heads of several white men besides some of her own countrymen, who in like manner became vic tims to her dangerous f&cinations.; 