ADDRESS TO THE LORD BISHOP OF . GOULBURN. The following is a copy of the address referred to by F. A. C. Livingston in our supplementary issue of tliis day : — " To tho Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Lord Bishop of Goulburn. "My Lord, — We, the Catholic inhabitants of Yass, approach you hero to-day with feelings of deep affection and veneration, to hid you wel come once more amongst us as a father restored to his children, a pastor to hi3 flock. " When we witnessed your departure for Europe, some years ago, to take your seat amid the doctors of tlie Church, assembled round the Vicar of Christ, at the great Council of the Vatican, we rejoiced that our Australia — the fair and youngest daughter of tho Church, so worthily represented by our chief pastor — was at length to take her destined place in her councils amongst the saintly and venerable representa tives of the whole Christian world. "We receive, and accept with joy and un hesitating faith, the dogma of the Infallibility of the Pope there proclaimed (as we receive and accept all and singular the dogmas of the Church) in its fullest, simplest, broadest, and most ex plicit sense. We believe that that dogma is a special inspiration of the Holy Ghost to meet the exigencies of our troubled and disastrous times, now that the powers of darkness, more than ever, appear to have thrown open their flood-gates and let loose the dark waves of error and dissolution, now surging with such wild fury through the world and threatening to en- gulph, in one common ruin, truth, religion, and civilisation. Ah ! fortunately for truth, for tunately for religion, fortunately for civilisation, there is one power still on earth against which tlie gates of hell shall never prevail. The barque of Peter sits securely moored on the Rock of Christ, changeless and unchangeable amid all change — the fountain of truth, the source of all Christian civilisation, and the fount in which again the apostate world must have or she will assuredly revert to her former barbarism, from which heretofore the Church redeemed her. "Wo have heard with sorrow of the calami ties which have befallen our holy father the Pope, and deeply sympathise with him ; hut we are by uo means discouraged nor cast down oil that account, for wo know 'the servant is not greater than tlie master. ' He who promised to be with His Church all days foretold that the world would hate her as it hated him. In His own good time He will give peace once more to His lioly Church. 'Wc rejoice to hoar of your lordship's good health ; and we here again assure you of our de- votedness towards you, and promise to aid you with all our power to carry out your efforts for the glory of God . and the salvation of the people. " Praying your lordship's benediction, we are, my lord, your . lordship's faithful and devoted su bjects in Christ, , " For the cougregatiou, " M. O'Connob. 