ENORMOUS LYING Among the manifold misfortunes which have be fallen France in these latter days a corrupt literature and a lying pressure not the least prominent While the public mind has been debauched by scrofulous works of fiction, in which seduction and adultery were elevated into virtues, and genius prostituted itself to the ignoble task of obliterating the distinc- tions between right and wrong, of of facing from the minds of men and women the idol of duty, and of preaching a gospel of sensuality, cynicism, and self indulgence, the daily newspapers of the French capital have, with a few honourable exceptions, been persistently) occupied in pandering to the vices and follies of the people, in misleading them upon most points to which they refer to the press for information and guidance, and in manufacturing falsehoods so gross and palpable, that one does not know which to wonder at most the audacity) of the inventors, or the extravagant credulity) of the recipients This has been notably the case on. or since the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian war, and, excepting in the United States, wonrooon fident that in no part of the world would it be possible to find newspapers addicted to such systematic and enormous lying as those of which the titles are given below of the, the greatest culprit is Iiyaio, and it is a melancholy fact that for a long time past this publication has been one of the most popular period calls in Paris, circulating something like 50 000 copies daily The hereof Cornoillo s comedy, and of Tooto s social adaptation of it, was a common place prevaricated comp iron with the men who forged long correspondence from the seat of war, and deliberately misrepresented the actual position of affairs from first to last We are obliged to add, with the deepest regret, and with a feeling of shame on account of the disgrace thus brought upon an honourable profession, that some of those mendacious -surrealists were men not altogether undistinguished in French literature Among the signatures attached to the articles from which we shall presently came we found those of M M A Assolant, the author of La Mont de Roland, and a dozen other works, O Duvornois, who wrote the history of the French intervention in Mexico, and was the founder of Le Peuple, M Fournier, the well known dramatist, It do Peno, the author of Pa is In time, V P)at, equally) celebrated as a dramatist and loviowor h Sacco), one of the ablest contributors to the Ram di, Pari A Scholl, the author of a score of novels, one of which has for its title, singularly enough, Momonga 1 listens , E Tarbc doB Sablons, equally) clever as a journalist and as a musical composer and J H C Villomossant, whose venomous Dial It is Quat) e te placed the famous Lanteine of M Rochefort, more, than, are men who sin against the lightermen who h use made a reputation in 1 range, and some of whom have a still wider celebrity, and yet, as we shall see, so loose is the code of morals in that country, and so utterly do many of its literary * "Figaro.' Pins 1870 "Le Gaulois," Paris) 1870 "LoParts Journal," Paris . 1870. "Lo Com. bat," Pans. 1870. I man fail to recognise one of the first obligations of gentlemen, and one of the primary duties of journalists, that they have not scrupled to assist to betray their country, by encouraging a false security, by dis- porting the facts of current history, and by concealing | the reverses of the French, and denying the successes of the Prussian and German armies. Talk of the " treachery" of Bazaine, the ineptitude of Le Boeuf, and the imbecility of the ex-Emperor here were traitors in the citadel, inept leaders of public opinion, and imbecile discharge of paper pellets from with less popguns against the serried battalions of an enemy whom they affected to ridicule and despise. if ever man deserved to be executed for high trea- son against their country in the supreme crisis of its fate, these conspirators against the truth, these propagators of false tidings and disseminators of fallacious hopes, were eminently entitled to undergo that punishment. They cannot even plead that they were demoralised Imperialists - the emasculated creatures of the Lower Empire. They are mostly republicans, and three or four of them have suffered imprisonment on account of their hostility to the Napoleonic dynasty. Nevertheless they were as ardent in their acclamations at the declaration of war as they have been inexhaustibly inventive of false hoods all through the progress of it. Let us begin at the beginning. Figaro opened the ball with a species of prose hymn, invoking the blessing of the God of battles on the army about to invade Prussia, and terminating in this inflated strain :-" Figaro doff his cap, and holding in his left hand the French flag riddled by the cannon-balls of the enemy-a glorious tatter kneels down, and making the sign of the crass, exclaims, My God! give the victory to these children! And since liberty cannot germinate except in a bloody soil, lot that blood be spilt, and these children of toil return victorious, so that in their horny hands the hammer may still chant the holy in thom of labour, that the mute anvil may awaken, and thus the workshop may resound with song, In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen !' " Pretty well, that, as the preface to a lying chronicle. A week afterwards, we find M. de Villemessant thus expressing himself in this pious journal with respect to M. Thiers, who had opposed the declaration of war :-" Like a prudent man, M. Thiers has caused the shutters of his house, in the Place St. George, to be double-lined with sheet-iron. He wants it to be blinded like his own conscience. I recognise in this not the man to whom we owe the fortifications of Paris." On the 24th of July the same paper assured its readers that the commissariat of the Prussian army was one of the worst organised in the world. " They have only seven or eight days' rations available." Three days later the Paris Journal trumped this statement with the following :-" Prussia is already furnished Commerce, industry, and food supplies are exhausted. The Landwehr subsists only by rapine, requisitions, and vic lance." On the 26th of July, Figaro informed the Parisians that Vogel von Falkenstoin was conducting himself at Frankfort like a free lance of the middle ages ; which conduct, if true, would have been preferable, perhaps, to that of Poussier, when he smoked the Arabs to death in the caverns of Algeria, or to that of Palikao, when he looked the summer palace at Pekin. At the commencement of the war, M. Felix F at had offered a carbine of honour to the soldier who should kill the King of Prussia, and in this incident, perhaps, is to be sought the germ of the following falsehood, to which Le Gaulois gave currency : " The municipality of Osterode, in Pomerania, pro- mises a recompense of 10,000 thalers to whomsoever shall capture the Emperor Napoleon, dead or alive. Is not this fixing a price upon the head of our sovereign worthy of the most savage tribes of the South Sea Islands?" To be sure it is; whereas M. Felix Pyat's offer is, of course, honourable to a chivalrous and high-minded man. It was a remarkable feature of Parisian journalism from July to December, 1870, that although it never published any correct news from the seat of war with the exception of that which relates to " the baptism of fire at Saarbrucken professed to be perfectly well acquainted with everything that was going on in Germany and it plumed itself upon its accuracy. " We wish to furnish our readers with the whole of the news," wrote Le Gaulois at the be ginning of the war, " but we also wish to be thoroughly exact." Ecce lignum-On the 2d of August it announced that the expenses of the war to Prussia were one million sterling per diem that all the great mercantile houses in that country were coming down with a crash and that, as to the commerce of Frank fort, long years must elapse before it would revive. Did M. Von Bismarck, with the grim irony which characterises the man, accept the French valuation of the Prussian outlay ? from the 1st of August, 1870, when the ex-Emperor fired the first cannon, to the 27th January, 1871, when the preliminaries for the armistice were arranged, was just 180 days, and, according to some reports, £180,000,000 sterling is the exact indemnity demanded by the Emperor of Germany. We all know the state of miserable unpreparedness for the war in which France found herself when her armies were moving towards the Prussian frontier, but this was the position of affairs as vouched for by the voracious Paris Journal of the 31st July : " The French arsenals are gorged with supplies of every description, which explains howitisthatinlessthan ten days it has been found practicable to equip an army for the campaign. Thus it is that after having armed 123 000 volunteers, and 490 000 Garden Mobiles, one can scarcely perceive that any void has been created in our arsenal. But it must not be supposed that this will repress our zeal. By the 1st of November we shall have 2,200,000 chasseurs in store." There are lying before us at this moment copies of the despatches forwarded to the Minister of War at Paris, on the 20th and 24th of July, by the Intendant General at Metz, in which he says, " We have no sugar, no coffee, no race, no brandy, no salt, no hay, and very little biscuit. Send us at once not less than a million of rations." And again, " We have no hospital attendants, no ambulance waggons, no camp-ovens, no train, and for two divisions of cavalry I have not a single functionary." On the day previous the same high authority had informed the Parisians that the people of Berlin were brutal savages, that a Frenchman had only to show himself in the streets of that capital to be assailed with execrations and pelted with stones, and that every day French families were being expelled from Prussia at 12 hours' notice, and robbed of their personal luggage. What follows is really delicious, and must be quoted entire We complain of this conduct, but we do not imitate it, and if we become their masters, we will furnish them with our code of civilisation, and will teach them the law of nations and Christian morality. Although M. de Bismarck comports himself in this fashion towards our follow citizens; although he ruins, expels, and despoil them, we, for our part, shall remain true to our national traditions. If the Chancellor of the Northern Confederation is a barbarian, so much the worse for him. But hospitality is a sacred duty, from which nothing shall induce us to swerve." Noble language! Exemplary sentiments! And how did Franco instruct Germany in the law of nations, and the moral precepts of Christianity ? In less than a fortnight thousands of Germans were summarily expelled from the country in which hospitality was declared to be a sacred duty; and M. A. Scholl enlightened the public in this also with respect to the character and physical peculiarities of the enemy c-The Prussians are the Shy looks of Germany. I have seen and studied them in their own homes, and knew them intimately, . . There is not one of the honourable employes at Eisenbahn who would not let you slap his face for a five-franc piece, after which he would buy a neck- lace of blue glass heads for Gretchen, and a slice of ham with two or three glasses of beer for himself. The German flesh, built up of beer and potatoes, is soft and odorous. It has a queer small, a sort of mixture of boxwood root and black radishes. The aristocracy smell of salt pork. Like everything which springs from a humid soil, the German race swarms. A woman who does not give birth to 14 children is accused of sterility. Germany infests the entire universe," &c.; And this scurrilous rubbish is published in a French newspaper, commanding a great reputation and bears the signature of a man of letters, who is both eminent and wealthy for about four years ago, he married the daughter of Perkins, the brewer in Southwark. After the affair at Saarbruck, M. School's paper told the Parisians that the Prussians were retreating towards the Rhine, burning, plundering, and destroying everything before them, " which shows," he added, " that Prussia never considered the Rhenish provinces as truly Prussian." According to the same journal, Bismarck had entreated the assistance of Abdel Kader against France, but the veteran had scornfully refused to lift a finger against Napoleon III., and had said in his reply, " May your arrogant and unjust nation be trampled in the dust, and may the French army be ensanguined with the blood of the Prussians Shortly afterwards, Figaro had received authentic assurances that King William wits ill, that Von Moltke was suffering from a serious malady, that Prince Frederick Charles was indisposed, and that the military chest was empty. Then came the battle of Wissembourg, when the same truthful journal thought it necessary to comfort the public mind by this solemn declaration : " If the Prussians have the audacity to advance, they will never leave the country alive. The Vandals who have violated our frontiers and polluted our territory shall be crushed, AU which is remarkably like the " tall talk" of our old friends Pistol and Bobadil. On the 9th of August, the Paris Journal animated its readers with the following explicit assurance :-" To- morrow there is nothing like being precise as to dates-" 100,000 Italian soldiers set out for France. Austria is preparing. Denmark is ready." Next day, Figaro came out with a similarly mendacious announcement :-" Inoight days-a delay which may appear long to us, but which is indispensable to the Italians they will send 100,000 men into Havana And in the same issue of this highly truthful journal there appeared the child paragraph subjoined t Yesterday evening at the Theatre Francais they played the ' Liar an act of homage to M. de Bismarck." A few days letter, when the French armies had undergone a succession of defeats, the Paris Journal thus reproved those who dared to whisper " peace" :-" No peace ! Let him who dares to pronounce that infamous word be seized as a traitor, and shot like a dog. Peace ! We will make peace in Prussia ! Lot Europe keep silence and beware !" After Wisse aboard, after Worth, and after Forbach, the same newspaper did not hesitate to write in this mingled strain of bravado, brutality, and blasphemy : We have got them now I FroM has suffered it self to be taken in the toils of Providence. It is Go who has been the only true tactician throughout the whole of this business. Prussia tramples on the land of France, but it is not the exhausted country of 1814 -it treads the soil of a nation whom 50 years of peace have rendered Inexhaustible in iron, in gold, ; and in blood. Ponder well upon that . Instead of dreading what may happen, you laugh, you in a ? your shoulders, and you make ready for the romantic outness of managers ! . . Will this be the last blood shed P Perchance. But at least it should be shed by cataracts, with the divine fury of the deluge !" Such an aspiration shows that the spirit of Damon, of Robespierre, and of Marat, still survives in the France of to-day. On the 15th of August, while Bazaine was being beaten back from the Grarelotto, M. Assailant declaimed in his most bellicose style against all pacific minded people. " No peace," he shrieked, " until we have chased the enemy out of France 1 No peace, no truce, no armistice, no protocol, no parlor of any kind. Rifle balls- - nothing else. . . . Even were the enemy, to" apologize, we must not consent to peace.. Be of good cheer. God will not suffer France to lie cut off, von IT IS um thorax HAND." This caps the infinite of blasphemous audacity. M. Assailant never wrote anything approaching it in his Paradoxes de Cadet Bordichc. About the same time there appeared from the pen of M. de Pena the " Proclamation of the French people to the King of Prussia, in which the latter was addressed as Organ Guillaume and his minister as th ../«/'¡.-Bismarck. This document is too long to quote in its entirety, but the concluding passages it would be criminal to omit. They are these :- 4 "The Prussian eagle is a bird of darkness: the Gallic cock sounds the fanfare which proclaims the dawn of day to the whole world. " The French people, in its clemency, will not impose its yolie upon Germany [how magnanimous of it], perverted or terrified by Prussia. It loves the mild, . soft, patient, and lately loyal genius of that studious race. . " King William ! Bismarck has placed in your hands marked cards with which you fancy that you have won France. " King William ! You and your compeers have only won the first game. The French people will make you pay dearly for it, or will perish." But as this preposterous fanfaronade produced no particular effect upon the public mind, it became necessary to inflame it, if possible, by lying imputa- tions of atrocity against the Prussians and the following is a fair sample of the malignant inven- tions which were had recourse to for that purpose. We quote from the Paris Journal:-" A few days ago, an individual was surprised while introducing into the horse troughs, in the encamp- ments of the Imperial Guards, a substance of which he carried a great quantity about with him. He was seized and interrogated, and seemed confused. On the substance in question being submitted to the surgeons of the corps, it proved to be a salt of strychnine !" May it not be said of fictions Uko those, as Prince Henry said of the clumsy and self-contradictory falsehoods of Falstaff,-" These lies are like the father that begets the gross as a mountain, open, palpable ?" (To be continued.) 