THURSDAY, FEBRUARY Vi, 1871. The address of the Industrial Protec- tion League to the electors of Victoria is a document which is worthy in every way of the cause it is intended to pro- mote. It is fit that a system of legal- ised robbery should appeal for its justification to perversions of historical fact. " History," says this mendacious manifesto, " shows that no nation ever " became prosperous, free, and great " which had not the Bhield of legislative " enactment thrown around the grow " ing industries of its people. Eng " land and the United States of " America in modern times are forcible " illustrations of the truth of this." We havo already instanced the case of Switzerland as one which offers the most direct and striking contradiction that could possibly be given to the first of these assertions ; and it is notorious to every student of English and Ameri- can history that both the manufacturing and agricultural industries of both these countries have been crippled and re- tarded by protection. Most people will be of opinion that Rome and Greece could boast of greatness, freedom, and prosperity. Well-informed men are familiar with the fact that the products of Athenian handicraftsmen penetrated to every part of the then known world. But protection was cer- tainly never heard of in Eome or Greece. Carthage, Venice, Genoa, Portugal, and the Hanse Towns became prosperous, free, and great when commerce was un- restricted; and the history of France, from the administration of Colbert downwards, and that of England from the enactment of the Navigation to the repeal of the Corn laws, is one unan- swerable protest against the wickedness and folly, the injustice and the suicidal selfishness, of protection. Like pauperism, it is an evil of modern growth, for protection is only 200 years old; and during those two centuries it succeeded in reducing the condition of the great mass of the people in Great Britain and France to an abjectness such as we trust we shall never witness in Australia. But this is the very state of things towards which the proletarian classes in America are actually gravitating at the present moment. In the last number of the North American Re viezv it is asserted that " never in the " history of the country have the repre " seutatives of crime and vice been in " creasing so rapidly as now," and that it is admitted on all hands that the poor are daily becoming poorer. It canuot be otherwise under a system of artificial scarcity and class legislation. The Protection League would delude the people of this colony into the belief that American manufactures would never have been established but for protection, and that that protection, which amounts in many instances to upwards of 50 per cent., excludes foreign competition. Such a beliet is utterly delusive. Massachusetts began to manu- facture cotton, cloth, and woollen fabrics generally in 1638, and the manufacture was profitable from the outset, so that in 1641 it was more remunerative than the other branches of industry in the commonwealth. At the present time, however, the woollen manufactures of the Union are protected up to their very eyes. Blankets, for example, pay a duty of from 117 to 312 per cent ! Is the hated foreigner driven from the market ? Not at all, " German " and Belgian weavers," says the North American Review, "can still export to " us their cloths and make a profit, " while our manufactures languish." But in the meantime how does this iniquitous protection affect the con- sumers 1 Recurring for a moment to the article of blankets, it has been shown that under free trade a pair of English blanket, weighing six pounds could be sold in Now York for fifteen shillings ; whereas the current price is a fraction over one pound sterling. Thus, then, as a New York paper forcibly puts it, " the hard " working man, the poor man, who has " always the most children-the poor " family to whom a blanket is a luxury " for ten hours during the twenty-four " pays to the monopoly wolves five shil " lings moro for his six pounds of " blanket than otherwise he would " have to pay, not because the re " venue is enriched thereby, but " solely because Massachusetts monopo " lists demand and obtain this legal " robbery from an oppressive Congress." Then, again, it has been conclusively demonstrated that of every dollar paid by the people of America for cotton fabrics, 30c, or nearly one-third, go to the pro- tected millowner, and 3£c, only to the public Treasury. On every dollar for woollen gouds only 10c. go to the Go- vernment, and 60c. to the monopolist ; on refined iion -5c. are paid to the Treasury, and 52c. to the protected forge ; while on men's hats and women's boots, on carpet« and cigars, the whole of the tax finds its way into the pockets of the protected classes, and not a single cent' into the general exchequer. For the principle of protection is this-that whereas, under free trade, A can sell a certain "article for £1, while B can only sell it for 3Ds,, the Government steps in ánd^says^fo Q, tie purchaser, "You ," must deal with B,,in preference to A ; (' or if you still persist in dealing with {' the1 latter, you must be fined 10s. for " so doing; to wliicli of course you will " not object, since it is done for the en " couragement of native industry." C, if he is a man of ordinary intelligence, does objectvery strongly to be thus robbed of a portion of the fruits of his Industry, and denied the opportunity of spending his hard earned money in the manner most agreeable to his inclinations, and most advantageous to his Interests ; but the protected classes are astonished at his ignorant impatience of spoliation, and instead of paying any attention to his remonstrances, they clamorously demand from the Government authority N to dip their hands more deeply into the pockets of their victims. Thus since the year 18f>l the United States tariff has been " revised " eleven times in the interest of the "monopoly " wolves ;" and thus also, in the year 1871, the partisans of restriction, high prices, and artificial scarcity in this colony seriously propose to ask the Legislature to impose a protective duty of from 20 to 30 per cent, upon all articles capable of being manufactured in the colony. De l'audace, encore de l'audace, toujours de l'audace t It íb said that many of the houses of ill-fame in Melbourne are the property of wealthy individuals, who are not dis- satisfied with such a class of tenants so .long as they are punctual on rent-day. We decline to believe that many, if any, respectable citizens acquiesce in such an arrangement except from some particu- lar and unavoidable necessity of the case; but, supposing there were land- lords so unscrupulous, what would be thought of the philanthropist who, fail- ing to win them from the error of their ways by argument or entreaty, attempted their conversion by requesting them to join in prayer ? Such an innocent en- thusiast would probably be deemed a fit subject for a lunatic asylum. Yet that such a feat has been not only at- tempted, but accomplished, in prosaic England, we learn from the Spectator, which presents the " little story" to its readers, as gleaned from a book re- cently published, "Work Among the "Lost." A benevolent lady-Mrs. Vicars, of Brighton- having for some years devoted herself to the reclamation of fallen women, found her greatest difficulty, not with the unfortunate creatures themselves, but with those who derived a living from their shame. She had long and vainly appealed to the keeper of one infamous house, but the woman yielded at last, promising to abandon her wretched career if she could only get rid of her lease, several years of which had to run, and' the landlord being reluctant to take it up. Forthwith Mrs. Vicaes went to the landlord, "a respectable butcher," but he was perfectly obdurate, saying that it mattered nothing to him what his tenants did so long as they paid their rent; and, worse still, his wife took just the same practical view of the matter, although Mrs. Vicaes suggested what would they think if their own daughters were the inmates of such a den. Finally, she induced both to kneel with her, and ask God's guidance, earnestly praying " that God would do " -what her words had no power to do." She left them still unyielding, but after the lapse of a few hours the landlord called upon her, consented to the cancellation of the lease, and showed by his subsequent conduct that he had been profoundly touched by her earnest and fervent piety. Strong-minded folk will doubtless sneer at all this aa sentimental twaddle; yet, in the opi- nion of one of the foremost of English journals, the narrative " contains a very .' maivellous spiritual fact, which made " us as we read it feel, as one seldom " can be made to feel, what a real force " there is in piayer." If there be a class of landlords like this " respectable " butcher " in Melbourne, we don't expect that our local philanthropists will straightway commence praying at them ; but surely Mrs. Vicaes's example is cal- culated to inspire the friends of similar enterprises with courage and hope, But Mrs. Vicaes is no mere enthu- siast. In her management of " The " Home" at Brighton, she exhibits great shrewdness and tact, and an intimate knowledge of human nature, Aiming at genuine reformation, she deprecates anything like an emotional display of repentance, so easily elicited from the unfortunate, and so likely to be mis- taken for the reality by judges less discriminating. As observed in the little work referred to, " A single earnest " and rather sensational address to them " on the Prodigal Son or some moving " portion of Scripture, with some allu " sion to their mothers or their early " homes, is enough to throw them into " an agony of uncontrollable weeping. " But what have you gained ? You h ave " only ministered to the vory want of " self-control which has been one of the " great sources of all their misery." Desirable as it undoubtedly is to per- ceive the outward and visible sign of contrition, great care should be taken in endeavouring to produce it by artificial means, lest it should come like a shadow and so depart. The truth of this is not always obvious to the managers of kindred institutions, who are occasionally discouraged by the absence of effect ; but its meaning will be evi- dent from an illustration supposed to have been furnished by Mrs. Vicars herself :-" Satan knows well enough " that, just as a pot boiling over, for " all the noise it makes, will end " by putting out the fire and half " emptying itself, so if he can but get " a young convert to boil over into " much talk, loud professions, and preach " ing to others before he can well stand " himself ; above all, if Satan can get " him to boil over in his own estimation, " and fancy himself something won " derful, he will soon cool down and be " left half empty, with the fire gone " out." This is admirably to the point. It is only a few days since the an- nual meeting of the subscribers to the Melbourne Refuge, when the committee presented a 'gratifying account of their year's work. Too much praise could scarcely be awarded to the ladies and gentlemen connected with this institution. Still, we confess to some disappointment at the net result of their labours. Out of the 51 adult inmates during the year, aavau r-wcre restored to their friends, six ob- tained situations, 12 refused to remain, J8 continued in the Refuge, and the others were variously disposed of. Taking proper credit for the fact that £220 had been realised by the labour of the inmates, the committee report that the practice of requiring them to work has had a most beneficial influence upon iliem while in the Refuge, and that "it has enabled many of them to live in comfort and respectability after their discharge. But they "Iso point to this practice as ac ("^tunting for so many refusing to re- main until discharged in the ordinary course. Of course the committee be- lieve this, but we very respectfully doubt that it can have been the sole cause why a dozen penitents voluntarily abandoned the refuge they had volun larily sought. Work should be an in- dispensable condition for all the inmates, "mt so should reasonable relaxation. Considering the temptations by which ihey are beset, have the committee pro- vided simple counteracting resources and pleasures? Has the Refuge been only endurable, not enjoyable- only a degree less austere and gloomy than a prison 1 In order to make her penitents relish 'their return to virtue, Mrs. Vicaks ren- ders her Home lively and cheerful, con múting even their little foibles as to dress with womanly tenderness. Hear- ing of a poor girl who had attempted suicide in her despair, Mrs, Vicars re- solved to give her a chance of earning Honest bread, and in the first instance directed a servant to transfer her from a miserable lodging to a decent apart- ment. "I want you to hire a room with " a nice sunny aspect," was her direction, " and get some flowers to put in the win "dow. Mind, the plants must be in " full flower." One can conceive the revivifying influence of this kindly con- siderate Christian spirit upon the poor wreck who had abandoned all hope. Sternly rigid where necessary, Mrs. Vicars knows that special allowance should be made for natures which have betrayed their weakness, if they are to he recovered at all. Their own work among the lost has produced substantial fruit to the excellent patrons of the Melbourne Refuge j but we cannot re- frain from thinking that they would do much better by imparting a more genial aspect to the institution. Ia consequence of the Chief Secretary being too unwell to come into town yesterday, no Cabinet or Executivo Council was hold. Mr. A. K. Smith, one of the candidates for ?North Melbourne, hold a meeting of his sup- porters at the Victoria Hotel last evening, when, after a statemont of his views, ho was successful in obtaining a vote of confidence. Ho stated that ho would hold his first public meeting this evening in the Trades-hall. Mr. C, Bright also addressed a meeting last even- ing at the Prince George Hotel, Swanston ¡street, at which ho essayed a reply to the remarks made respecting his candidature in yesterday's Argua. Wo are informed that Mr, A. A. O'Connor has determined to accept an invitation to contest the constituency of Richmond, Mr. Dishn met the electors of Wil- liamstown last ovening, at the Bridge Hotel, Captain M'Callum in tho chair. There was not a large attendance, hut the candidate re- ceived a fair hearing, Ho denied that ho was in any way assisting Mr. Mason in his candi- dature. He was going "on his own hook,'' as an independent candidato. Amongst other ¿natters, Mr. Disher advocated a system of ¡universal penny postage for Victoria. We observe that tho late representatives of lost Melbourne, Messrs. E. Cohen and F. "Walsh, will address tho electors on Tuesday et enintr at the Haymarket Theatre. The following letter, addressed by Lieu- tenant Panter to a friend in Melbourne, wil ho read with interest, as showing how the gallant commander of our ironclad extracts matter for amusement out of the difficulties and inconveniences of his adven- turous voyage. It is dated H.M.C.S. Cer- berus, Aden, January 10 :-" Well, hero I am ?with the three-headed brute, safe and sound so far, though not half-way to my destination. [ havo bcon rather a long time getting so far, "but she is not a clipper ; and with all her extra weight sho won't steam, and it requires a gale to drive her under sail ; and .whon it does blow a gale I prefer keeping the sails lashed up, or I should be making another Captain of hor, which, as far as I am personally concerned, I don't care about, nor do I think, as far as regards tho ship, the colony would thank mo for doing so. She is not a handsome ship-bow and stern tho samo, except that she has a bowsprit at one end and not tho other ; but hor real beauty will not be seen till I go into dock, when they will seo her magnificent lines just like this (making a mark to illus- trate tho cross section of the vessel). Her extreme breadth on upper deck is 45 feet, and on the bottom 43 feet, so you can fancy its being much like taking a floating dock to sea. Nevertheless she has proved herself a good sea-boat, though, not exactly a clipper. I have managed hitherto to got 100 wiles a day out of her. Her next best {") quality is power of suffocation, which is very strong. We were nearly all cooked coming down tho Red Sea, and I am sure if we had leon another week we should have been over, done, I have had the satisfaction of being tho first to bring an ironclad and cupola ship through the canal and down the Red Sea ; also I hoist the Australian flag 'in these patts,' Victoria may be proud of the first ironclad she possesses, as far as strength goes, for I verily believe she is impregnable to the present ordnance She causes a vast amount of astonishment wherever she goes, especially when people see her guns. I hope to get away from this the day after to- morrow, and reach Galle about the 2nd of Pobtuary ; from thonce I go to Sumatra and Java, thon down south for the Sound, and then 'Hoorah' for Hobson's Bay. It will i>e one of the happiest days of my life when I drop my ' mud-hook ' off Williams- town." A report has just been received by the Land department from Mr. W. F. Dawson, district surveyor at Sale, respecting the Stockyard Creek diggings, near Corner Inlet, which he had previously visited. He says : -' ' Since my former visit to Stockyard Creek diggings, stores have been opened, smithies built, butchers' and bakers' shops established, &c;, which tend to give the place an appear ance and character of permanency. Still, there are few claims being properly worked. The greater part of the miners who hold claims are merely hanging on-shepherd- ing in fact-until more definite returns are obtained from those claims being bottomed. Nunbers are daily arriving and leaving again disapointed, for it is impossible to succeed without a little capital, as the sinking is deep, and owing to the late extraordinary season, 'very wet. The open country around is being tolerably well prospected, and the gold is fund to be extensively distributed, but in the direction all appear agreed upon that the precious metal will be found in the greatest abundance-viz., northerly, up the creek-no one has yet penetrated beyond a couple of miles from the prospecting claim, the scrub so dense. As prospecting is seldom un- dertaken by capitalists, but generally by poor men, these diggings run the risk of remaining imperfectly tested for some time to come, unless tbe Government deem it advisable to expond a sum of money in cutting a track north. This would inspire the prospectors through the scrubby country with confidence, and give them a chance of exploring on either side, a task no poor man could undertake without some such assist- ance, as a mile is almost more than any person could push through in a day. Such a track would pass through country near the head of Merriman's Creek, where gold has already been found, and come out on the Melbourne-road in a line with the Tangil diggings. This track would, I believe, be of the greatest service, and prove, so far as ex- pense is concerned, reproductive. It would open up a country of which little or nothing is known, but which is very generally believed to be auriferous, with fine timber, and a por- tion of good land." The Ararat Advertiser gives the following account of the progress of election matters in that district :-" The aspirants for political distinction, and the now substantial honour of representing the constituency of Ararat in tho ensuing Parliament, are, with tho oxcep tion of the old membors, who are case, hardened veterans in political warfare, and perhaps with the exception of another, whose modesty is not proverbial, of a peculiarly retiring disposition. Mr. Swan, whoso poli, tical decease was announced by himself a few days since, retired in favour of Mr. Collings. - a local candidate in embryo. Mr. Collings calculated his chances, and retired in favour of Mr. Mulcahy. Mr, Mulcahy, also a candi- dato in embryo, deliberated within himself, and seeing that tho chance of a candidate's election ' all depends' upon the number of votes recorded in his favour, and not feeling satisfied with tbe prospect, retired in favour of Mr. Carroll. Mr. Carroll was said by rumour, which is not always correct, to be ready to retire in favour of Mr. MacDonnell, who was to come up on the education ticket in the Roman Ca- tholic interest ; but Mr. MacDonnell did not put in an appearance, and Mr. Carroll stands. Mr. MacDonnell, who was absent, received a hint from a friendly source that his chances of success were below zero, and retired in favour of Mr. O'Hea, who was present at Ararat, and engaged in feeling the pulse of the electors. Mr. O'Hea found the electoral pulse boat so feebly to his touch, that he re- tired in despair. On Saturday evening, another candidate, who certainly is not of a retiring disposition, or at all disposed to 'hide his candle under a bushel,' arrived, and with characteristic energy commenced the preliminary work of his canvass, under the guidance and auspices of a borough councillor who resides in the ominous neighbourhood of the Pumps. We understand that tho new candidate, Mr. Gaunson, though acting under the tutelage and guidance of Cobb and Co.'s irrepressible agent, is in favour of the 'pink line.'" A number of the principal American re- sidents of Melbourne yesterday gave a lun- cheon to Mr. D. S. Pinell, who is leaving the city to return to the United States, after having for some time held the position of American consul in Melbourne. Tho affair took place at Scott's Hotel ; Mr. S. P. Lord in the chair. At tho conclusion of the enter- tainment a proposal was made by Mr. C. S. Ross, and seconded by Mr. Moxon, that a testimonial should be presented to Mr. Pinell before leaving Melbourne. This was unani- mously agreed to, and from £50 to £60 was at once subscribed, to be expended in a testimo- nial, which will be presented to Mr. Pinell, at Scott's Hotol, at 11 o'clock this morning. The testimonial has taken the form of a very handsome gold chronometer watch, with chain and appendages, which has been sup- plied by Messrs. S. Brush and Co. Mr. Pinell goes to America by the Californian mail, leaving Melbourne to-day. The Supreme Court, in its Equity jurisdic. tion, was occupied all day yesterday in taking evidenco in the case of Ronalds v. Duncan. The case was not concluded, and was ad journed till Friday. The Court will sit to- day for the usual Thursday's business. The Criminal Sittings, which have been unusually heavy this month, were brought to a conclusion yesterday, with the exception of the sentences, which will be delivered to-day. In consequence of the continued indisposition of Mr, Aspinall, who is retained as counsel for one of the defendants, the case against Eli and Joseph Summers and John Bamber, of conspiracy to defraud the shareholders of the Working Miners' Company, was post- poned until next sessions. In addition to Mr. Aspinall, who will appear for Eli Sum- mers, it is stated that Mr. Higinbotham bos been retained by Bamber, and Mr. Ireland, Q.C , for Joseph Summers. In consequence of this postponement, the only trial taken yesterday was that of Ellen Tighe, for in- fanticide. The evidence, which was almost entirely of a circumstantial nature, went to show that the prisoner, a woman of about 28 years of age, was confined of a male child at the latter end of August ; that about the same time she left Melbourne hurriedly for Tasmania, and that some days afterwards the body of a malo child was discovered in a cess- pool belonging to a house adjoining that in which she had lived as servant. The jury re. turned a verdict of "Guilty," but recom- mended the prisoner to mercy on account of the circumstantial nature of the evidence. His Honour the Chief Justice promised to forward the recommondation to the Execu- tive, but held out no hopes of its being favourably received. The prisoner, who throughout tho trial preserved a most stolid and indifferent appearance, exhibited no emotion on hearing the verdict. She, toge- ther with all the prisoners convicted during the sittings, will be sentenced to-day. The Ordnance Office invites tenders for tho supply of shot and sholl for rifled guns. In our advertising columns is printed a new bye-law of the City Council fixing tolls and dues to be levied on meat and fish in the general markets of tho city, and another pre- scribing the rule of the river for boats on the Upper Yarra, from the dam at Queen's Wharf to the eastern boundary of the city. On more than one occasion lately we havo drawn attention to the discontinuance by tho Government of the practice of assigning counsel to prisoners charged with capital offences and unable to pay for professional assistance themselves, and have advocated at least the partial recurrence to tho system formerly in vogue. The necessity of doing so was painfully illustrated yesterday at the Criminal Sessions. A young woman, named Ellen Tighe, was placed on her trial for child murder, but being too poor to pay counsel herself, and none being assigned her, she was consequently quite undefended. Some 12 or 13 witnesses were examinod, and the ovidence being chiefly circumstantial, was the moro open to cross-examination, but the prisoner, did not put a singlo question throughout the trial, alleging that sho did not understand howi No doubt she was unable to do so. The torrible position in which she was placed was enough to unncrvo any woman, and especially a poor ignorant creature such as she was. It was painful to seo her stand stolidly in tho dock while fact after fact, which may send her to tho condemned cell or doom herto imprisonment forTife, was'being steadily heaped up, she neither by wold or deed making the least attempt at defence. His Honour, in charging the jury, expressed his regret that sho was undefended, but added that ho had no doubt the jury would give hor tho benefit of any doubt suggested by any in. consistencies in the evidence that thoy might detect. The jury, no doubt, would do so, and would narrowly scan the testimony submitted to them ; but it is questionable whether tho sharp cyo of an advocate practised in sifting evidence would not be moro likely to discover discrepancies than the most conscientious juror that ever got into the box. It is to be hoped tlio Government will reconsider tho determination they havo como to, and will see the necessity of putting a sum on the Estimates which will, at any rate in such exceptional cases as that wo have instanced, provide professional assistance for persons who aro placed on their trial for their lives. Captain W. H. Saunders, of the s.s. Tamar, and Captain Lucas, of the s.s. Southern Cross, were yesterday entertained by a number of their Melbourne friends--many of whom had been passengers on tho steamers between hero and Tasmania-to a picnic at Fern-tree Gully. A very pleasant day was passed by the party. As the day of the cricket match between Tasmania and Victoria approaches, public interest in the event increases, and there ap- pears good reason to predict that when the actual event takes place the cricket-ground will bo fairly crowded with spectators. A good number of people assembled yester- day morning and the day before to see how the Tasmaniana shaped in practice, and a general impression soems to be gaining ground that the Victorians will find themselves well matched, and that the game will be a very close and exciting affair. The bowling, especially, of the Tasmaniana baa been carefully watched, and is pronounced by competent judges to bo first-class. It is refreshing to see how the prospect of an evenly balanced contest botween the two colonies is reviving interest in cricket, which has for a long time back appeared to be losing its popularity in Victoria, and it is to be hoped that, the tide once turned, the game will soon resume its former high standing in the estimation of the public. The uniform of the Victorians will bo white shirt and trousers, with blue ribbon round the cap. The first public meetings that havo taken place under the new Insolvency Act wore hold yesterday, before Mr. R. H. M'Donald, the chief clerk in insolvency. The estates in which the meetings wore held wore only small ones, and the proceedings possessed no special features of public interest. The weekly meeting of the managers of the Alfred Hospital was held yesterday, at the temporary office, Collins-street west. Present -The Hon. James Service (chairman), the Hon. A. Fraser, Messrs, Benjamin, M'Dougall, Thomson, Alston, Steward, Robertson, and Nimmo. Among tho applications wo3 one from Mr. H. E. M'Ivor, of Ballarat, who offered his services to the hospital as " medical galvanist." The committee had not made arrangements for any such appointment, but referred the letter to the medical staff. A letter was read from the collector, suggesting that "to enable him to carry on the war successfully against tho pockets of the citizens on behalf of the hospital, he should be armed with a printed circular for distribution to those on whom he called." The committee approved of tho suggestion, and adopted a form of circular recommended by the collector. The question carno up, on the weekly report of the secretary, whether wines, beers, and spirits should be supplied to the resident officers of the institution. Mr. Nimmo said that a large number of persons, like himself, regarded tho use of intoxicating liquors as highly injurious-as the uso of so much poison, and therefore he should move that no intoxicating liquors be allowed to any resident officer, except when ordored as a medicine. Mr. Thomson seconded the motioni and remarked that shipowners, such as Messrs. Money Wigram and Sons, who had been used to allowing their men stimulants, had given up the practice, and substituted a money allowance. The secretary, in answer to a question, said that the custom was to allow resident officers of hospitals stimulants ; at the Melbourne Hospital, however, a money equivalent was substituted. Mr. Benjamin proposed that the quantity of stimulants to bo supplied should be the samo as in other institutions. Mr. Robertson moved as an amendment that no stimulants be supplied, but that for tho next six months a money payment in lieu of them be made. No doubt, he said, the persons who had accepted situations in the hospital had done so in the belief that stimulants would be supplied as _ part of the board, as in other hospitals. It was a pity the question did not arise when the salaries were fixed. Mr. Alston seconded the amendment. Mr. Benjamin wished to know if Mr. Nimmo desired to prohibit the resident officers from using wines, beers, or spirits. Mr. Nimmo said that that was what he would like to do, if it could be done, but in the present instance he merely desired to prevent the hospital funds from being employed to pamper up its officers. The opinion of many learned men was that nothing had done so much to defeat the benevolent ends of institutions of this kind as the use of intoxicating liquors. Ho did not, of course, object to stimulants being supplied to patients where requisite ; but in any other manner the use of stimulants made persons lazy and idle, in short, took away their manliness. The committee resolved on giving Mr. Robertson's proposal a trial, and Mr. Nimmo withdrew his motion, intimating that at the end of six months he would move that neither intoxicating liquors nor a money equivalent be given. On the motion of Mr. M'Dougall, Mr. Patrick O'Brien was appointed a manager in the room of Mr. Sargood, resigned. Mr. Thomson intimated that, as the practice had been observed in the appointment of certain officers, of asking them whether thoy were or had been insolvent, and as a member of the medical staff had become insolvent, he should, on an early occasion, invite tho ma nngers to consider a rule on the subject, Mr. Robertson remarked that medical officers were not required to perform financial duties, and a man might bo a bad manager of his own affairs, yet at the same time skilful in his profession. After a briof conversation, tho managers adjourned. Persons intending to apply for publicans' licences under tho new act must put in their applications before the 1st of next month, as the licensing Bench for tho city will sit for the first time on the 15th of that month, and 14 days' clear notice is necessary to render the application valid. On Tuesday morning, immediately before the early up-train from Williamstown passed the Footscray junction a man was discovered lying across the line. The train was stoppod, and tho man removed to a place of safety. Hu was a good deal cut and bruised about the head and face, and stated that on the previous night ho was travelling towards Melbourne down a road that had been recently opened, and which led to the railway cutting at a point where it is contemplated to build a bridge. Ho had fallen down this cutting, and lain there nil night. His name is Henry Holland, and he is C4 j ears of age. Andrew Craig, a mining agent, appeared in tho City Court yesterday, on remand, charged with wilfully tiespassing upon aud refusing to leavo tho premises of J. F. Donning, housj ngent, in Collins-street. Ciaig went (o Dun- ning'« offico to transact some business, but it was found that the two could not agree on the matter, and the negotiation being broken off Craig was asked to leave the office. Ho refused, became very rude, and at last u con- stable had to be sent for to remove him. It was urged for tho dofenco that he had been calk d a fool and struck by a third party in the room, aMr.Goodridge, but the Bench thought that all his troubles had beon brought udou himielf, and fined him 10s , with 21s. costs. John Logan alias Lindsay ah&n; tho Der- went Nugget was finally taken before the City Bench yesterday/ charged with being a prisoner of the Crown from New South Wules illegally at large iu Victoria. Mr, M. G. Byrne, for tho defence, stated that the pri- soner was only waiting, au opportunity to leave the colony and go to Tasmania, aud produced William Lane, keeper of the Sham lock Hotel, Napier-street, Fitzroy, who had' instructed him, and was willing I? pay the Nugget's passage to Tasmania bp the first steamer. Tho Bench ordered Logan to find one surety in £50 that ho would leave the colony within 'seven days, and Lane agreed to become his surety and ship him off by the first boat. It is to be hoped that Lano will not allow the man to drink whilo ho is -waiting for a passage, as it is stated that ho thon becomes an uncontrollable savage, very likely to kill or soriously injuro any person crossing him, A respectable-looking elderly man, named John Williamson, was charged at the City Court yesterday with being drunk in charge of a horse and spring-cart, and also with wil- fully damaging an omnibus to the extent of £5. It was shown that ho had been drinking with his friends, who had allowed him to start by himself, though he was not'sober, because the horso was a quiet one ; and that while driving on the .wrong sido of the road in Swanston-streot. he had allowed his horse to run against an omnibus coming the opposite way, theroby causing the shaft of his cart to run through one of tho omnibus panels. It was stated that it would take £5 to proporly repair the damage. Tho Bench fined Williamson 20s. for being drunk in charge of a horso and vohiclo ; but the damages caso was dismissed, the Bench having no jurisdiction. It was hinted that the defendant would be sued for damages in tbo County Court. Williamson gave £1 to the poor-box, to signify, apparently, his thankfulness at getting off so well. On Saturday last a fatal accident occurred at Lilydale to a young man named'Thomp son, who was accidentally drowned whilst bathing in the Yarra. The residents used every available means ia their power to re cover the body, without success. It was pro posed by Mr. Lithgow as a last resort to send to the Black Station for the assistance of two of the blacks, which was readily granted. The spot was shown to them where the body disappeared, and after examining the river for some time, they pointed out the place where the body was lying, and after divng several times succeeded in bringing it to the surface. "As practical proof of tho fact of the dia- mond existing on Bendigo," writes the Ben diyo Advertiser, "we have to record that on Tuesday week, just after the heavy plump of rain that causad tho flooding of the low grounds, a young lady, in picking up some heavy specks of gold on Quarry-hill, which tho rain had rendered very conspicuous, saw a glittering atom which she also picked up, and which proves to be a diamond of the very purest water, although it is so very minute as to bo of very little monoy value. This tiny pioneer upon the road of a greater future to Bendigo has, from its small size, escaped being much waterworn, and so is very bright upon all but one side, where it has got ob- scured, but to our mind it strongly suggests a repetition of some remarks we made a short time ago as to the advisability of a more sys- tematic search being made for diamonds, which, as we have stated, are plentiful enough here, if people will only pick thom up. This specimen, we may state, is in the possession of Mr. Shircss, of the Bank of Now South Wales." Says the Geelong Advertiser :-" Tho chair- man of an election meeting on Tuesday evening, referring to silent representatives, illustrated his beau ideal of a Victorian statesman by referring to Sir William Hicks, who represented Gloucestershire in the British House of Commons, This gentleman, ho stated, sat all through the Tory Parliament for a period of 46 years, and was never known to speak but onco. That memorable occasion was a windy day, when the honourable mem- ber sat opposite an open window, and he politely requested that it should be closed. This was his first and only speech. What would tho electors of this colony think of such a representative ?" " Mr. Wallwark, the alleged inventor of the now motive power, has," says tho Pleasant Creek News, " left Pleasant Creek in disgust. On Tuesday night he mado his farewell bow to this community, at a public meeting. In tho address which he delivered, after touching jauntily upon astronomy, botauy, geology, anatomy, and the Uko, ho assured the audience that although Dr. Harvey said hu found out the circulation of tho blood in the human system, yet ho was only a theo- retical humbug, and that he (the speaker) was tho only, one living who could practi- cally demonstrate it ; he was a practical man, and he thanked God emphatically that he -was a practical man. He was going down to Melbourne to introduce his discovery, and by its means could wipo out the national debt in three years. By means of his motive power, he could work all the machinery in Manchester, and set aside at once, and for ever, that scalding, fiery, burning, seething, panting, noisy, complicated humbug known as the steam- engine. Ho was about to con- struct a ship that would make the passage to this colony in IG days. His ' power ' would play the most brilliant music, and show tho most heavenly lights to the vision of tho astonished observers. He could assure his hoarers that ho had seen sights and heard sounds that no mortal man had ever seen or heard before. Mr. Wallwark is going away to elevato and enlighten Melbourno; from Melbourne to England, and thence to carry the benefit of the discovery over the wholo of tho known world. In the course of his ad- dress he was particularly withering upon Cap- tain Gilmore, and equally severe upon the press." Three creatures, all well known to the police, and answoring to the names of Fredk. Honniker, Catharine Williams, and Mary Fleming, wore found yesterday morning, in the Botanical-gardens resorve, where they had "squatted " amongst the grass and scrub. The man was in the habit of smoking in the i eservo, whero the grass had frequently been f-et on fire in tho same way. On being taken before the City Bonch as vagrants, they were each sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment, with hard labour. "A good deal bos beon said," says the Hampden Guardian, "about the Chief Secre- tary's Sunday travelling from Dandenong to Melbourno ; but whatever that story may be worth, we can relate ono which will prove that in this out- of-the-way district the new liquor law is strenuously upheld by our local publicans. On Sunday last two eminent members of the Victorian bar arrived in Camperdown on their way home from tho circuit couTt at Belfast. Weary, tired, and dusty, the Hon. Georgo Higinbotham and tho Hon. R. D. Ireland alighted at a well-known liotei in this township on the morning of tho day above- mentioned. Entering the house, tbe landlord was soon in attendance, and the question was put, ' Can wo have any refresh- ments?' 'No,' replied mine host, 'this is Sunday, and in Camperdown we are a law abiding people.' What ! not a glass of leruonnde?' 'No; but I have some fine spring water, which you will find very re- freshing.' Tho water was supplied, aud one of tho travellers comforted himself with the harmless fluid. Tho other, with intense dis- gust depicted upon his countenance, anathe- matised tho Sunday liquor law, and suggested that if tho publican would not sell perhaps ho would make a present. Whethor the earnest entreaties of tho traveller softened the SpaTtan feelings of mino host wo cannot say." The Licensing Committee of the Shire Ceu-cil of Beechworth havo issued a circular, dated the 25th ult" directing the attention of borough and abiru councils and district road boards throughout tho colony to certain sug. gestions relative to the Wines, Beor, and Spirits Salo Statute 1070, with a view to the question being submitted to candidates at tho ensuing general election, " to tho end that this mischievous measure may bo entirely abolished," and one moro in accordance with the country's requirements enacted instead, before the lícb.iccs in forco for the current year have expired. The circular suggests that colonial wine as wen1 as beer licences bo abo- lished, ns constituting" merely a cloak for sly gTog-selling. Night licences are recommendod for houses of arrival and departure of public conveyances, and other houses where the licensing bench may think them required ; and Sunday trading ought tobe permitted in general between 1 and 2 p.m., and 8 and 10 p.m., and at other times to bona-fide travellers only. The abolition of dancing in licensed houses in country districts is con- sidered too stringont by far, and worthy of considerable modification, while it is thought that a right should bo givon to recover the price of drinks suppliod on credit up to 40s. to non-lodgers, in order to prevent the practice of "sticking up" drinks. The licensing bench should sit monthly instead of quarterly, to prevent loss and inconvenience, and appeal from the licensing bench to general sessions should be allowed. Each licensing bench to havo power to employ an inspector to see that the provi. sions of tho act as regards accommodation are complied with. The accommodation test to bo suited to circumstances, and within reason and common sense. Licence fees should be classified according to scale, not to exceed £25 or be less than £10 ; the licence to give a right to sell all liquors. The local corporate bodies to fix the licence fees within their jurisdiction, on the same principle as making and levying rates, A really good act should confer largo discretionary powers on local bodies. An article in the iVeiu York Tribune of De- cember 15, on the mission of General Schenck, is noticeable for tho moderation of the spirit in which the old grievance, the Alabama diffi- culty, is discussed. Our New York contem- porary says:-"It is understood that, with the appointment of General Schenck as Minis- ter to England, the Administration recedes from its position of insisting that the negotia- tions shall take place in Washington. With the sailing of our new envoy, which ought not to be delayed a day longer than is requisite for his confirmation and tho preparation of his instructions, the considerations which have formerly induced the Government to in- sist that future negotiations shall take place at Washington pass out of sight. There can bo no doubt of the judgment and discretion with which General Schenck will execute overy commission with which he may be charged. He will make none other than a just and honourable treaty-and any treaty he makes will meet with a favourable recep- tion at .the hands of the Senate and the country. A better arrangement can probably bo arrived at in London than would bo pos- sible in Washington. The British Minister would be hampered by the strict instructions which are a tradition of the English Fo- reign Office, and by constant apprehension of a jealous public feeling at home. If the negotiations are conducted .in Lon. don, the Cabinet can decide with full knowledge of all circumstances touching the American demands, and can determino, bettor than could any ambassador, just how much of national pride and prejudice can safely be sacrificed for the purpose of remedy- ing a great wrong and averting a great danger. Besides, if an arrangement be consummated between General Schenck and the British Ministry, tho whole Government and its sup- porters in Parliament will be at once rallied in solid phalanx to the defence and maintenance of the measure. The work onco done would bo done finally, and a prompt ratification at Washington would quiet for ever this vexing and perilous controversy. There are many reasons why an effort should at this time be mado to arrive at a term of this dormant war between the United States and England. If wo can judge any- thing from the outgivings of prominent organs of public opinion, and from the more cautious and more authorised utterances of public men, it would really seem that the time has como when the English Government is ready to meet us in the discussion of the Alabama claims on a basis computable with our rights and honour. That this anticipa- tion is shared by the Administration seems to us to be indicated by the appointment of General Schenck. He would not be offered, nor would he accept, the mission to England as a term of honourable and gilded exile He would not be sent, nor would he go, except under the assurance that a reasonable prospect existe of finally putting to rest this harassing and unwholesome quarrel." The following amusing account of the ox. Emperor's retirement at Wilhelmshoho is given by the 2?ew York Tribune:-"Last spring it was thought he could not survive the year. The cares of power, the necessity of appearing more than ho was, seemed rapidly killing him. But from tho day of his capture and imprisonment his health has steadily improvod. Ho oats with the old zest of boyish days at Arenenborg, Ho sleeps as he did in the chateau of Ham. His life has become real again after long years of hum. bug. The frog splashes contentedly about in his puddle, satisfied with being the biggest there, and does not crack his hide with trying to be an ox. Ho has even re- sumed his old and harmloss habit of pamphleteering, which is the dolight of his heart. Ho has written a history of his last campaign, whorein ho cuts an almost heroic figure-and promises moro. Tho des- perate death struggle of agonising France, unwilling to recognise the abyss of misery to which he has dragged her, excites from him only a smirk of complacency. Ho remarks on the hopelessness of her efforts with tho cool- ness of the philosopher and historian, Tho errors and indiscretions of her Provisional Government meet with no mercy in his judi- cial eyes. His life is happy, and froo from care. His judgments are sounder than in the old doys of worry. The Empress is at Chisol hurst, and the royal cook is at Wilhelms höhe. Somebody else governs France. Tho Imperial waistcoats refuse to button." Tho Nexo Yorh Tribune of December 16 says :-" Our French friends, in the midst of all their troubles, find a morsel of comfort in the fact of the possession of a prophetess who foretold CO years ago tho incidonts of the present siego. Thoy dilato with complacency upon the hardly fulfilled predictions of the good nun (actually published in 1808), who, in her convent at Blois, had a vision of tho calamities which have recently fallon upon Franco ; who set the date of their beginning and their close;and even accurately described the railway before any one dreamed of it in Europe. This curious little bit of history roused the ambition of a Yankee girl tho other day in Connecticut. Not to bo outdone by any French nun, she also betook herself to seeing visions, ' for a con- sideration,' choosing a Bridgeport tavern instead of a convent as her ground of operation, and predicting the fall of metallic cartridge-shops instead of nations. If Na- poleon had been wiso enough to be warned by the good nun, ho might havo been comfort- ably drilling Louis in kingcraft in tho Tui- leries to-day. The Bridgeportors are equally blind, and aro struggling wildly against tho inevitable in the shape of Miss Fowler. The whole of that respoctablo borough has been in a ferment for weeks. The contesting parties have been brought into court ; on one hand, lawyers and the mill-owners, who baie a natural aversion to seo their solid foundries and furnaces blown up, and vanish befoio the baseless fabric of Miss Fowler's vision ; and various Governments of Europo appear in tho background, who, wo aro told, aro crying aloud for cartridges in vain, while the mystic ban of the sooress rests upon the shops. On tho other hand, tho seercss herself, neatly gotten up iu black silk and malachite ear-drops, surrounded by all tho noted spiritualists of Now England, and backed, we doubt not, by invisible blaok spirit«, ond grey enough to fill the Bridgeport sky. Wo await tho result of tho strttgglo with anxiety. Late advices just s tato that overy cartridge-shop in Bridgeport is to be blown up to-day. Miss Fowler is coming to Now York. Wo avow ourselves at once and for ever on tho side of tho ghosts and woman. ,Let them be seeresses, voters, what they will ilf any man say that we ever held different opinions, he is a slanderor. In the words of a great Pennsylvania Congressman, the other 'day, ' we deny the allegation, and scorn the alligator.' " In alluding to the growing impationce in England at the peaco-at-any-price policy of the Government, tbo Spectator remarks : "It is not danger from Germany, or Russia, or America that is feared, for the people still retain even too much confidence in the fleet ; it is the want of influence, of respect through- out the world, which creates a disaffection all the moro profonnd because its origin is so obscure and its objects so vague. Thoro is a vote of want of confidence, in Mr. Gladstone as helmsman for a stormy time being passed silently through England, and unless that vote can be recalled or cancelled it will bo more fatal than any vote of the Houso of Commons. Statesmen smile very justly at noisy meetings of nobodies held in Trafalgar- square, but those meetings aro symptoms of an unrest, a dissatisfaction which, though it may be as yet only dissatisfaction, reaches far higher in the electorate than the attorney who just now makes himself the mouthpiece of tho mob. The desire is not for war-many of the most discontented aro most anxious to avoid war -nor is there any schemo of military reform which has caught or is likoly to catch the public fancy ; but there is a deep, half-angry longing for a 'Government which shall bo strong abroad, which ' can give Bismarck as good as he brings,' upon which allies can im- plicitly depend, and which must be treated by every Cabinet of Europe as an equal power." The Thoatro Royal was again well attended last night, and, to judge from the froquont applause, the drama of " Man and Wife" has hit the public taste, though a still shorter interval betweon the acts would bo a con- siderable improvement. The managers have presented the Tasmanian cricketers with free admissions to the theatre during their stay in Melbourno. The Japanese troupo still maintain their popularity with the public, and their clover feats »re nightly received with great satisfac- tion. Tho performances last night wore for the benefit of little "AllRight," who went through all his best tricks, and had a most enthusiastic reception. , An entertainment of a now character is to open atWoston's Opera-house on Saturday, when Madame Sibly, " tho great lady phre- nologist and mesmerist," will commence a series of "séances." Wo havo received a copy of Mr. Howard Spensley's lecture on "Cheap Railways and How to Get Them," as delivered by him at Portland. A copy has been sent to us of the Imperial atlas for Australia and New Zealand, which contains 16 useful maps and is published at a very low price. i Mr. Sturt, P.M., acknowledges tho rocotpt of £1 each from "G. W. IV and Mr. Wil- liamson for the city poor-box. I The honorary treasurer of the Molbourno Sailors' Home acknowledges receipt of £1 from "Spes," towards the funds of the in- stitution. We have received tho Australian Squalling Directory for 1871, which contains the names of stations and lessees, rates of rental, &c;, in Victoria, Now South Wales, and Queensland ; also the names of lessees and their stations, with their several postal towns, in South Australia ; together with tho scab acts of Vic- toria and Now South Wales. It is published by Mr. M. Macphail. The United Methodist Free Church of Brunswick celebrated their anniversary on Sunday, when the Revs. Walker and Gribble and Mr. J. A. Marsden preached sermons to large congregations. A tea meeting, followed by a public meeting, with the mayor presid- ing, was held on Monday, when suitable ad- dresses were delivered. By the lost mail the consul-general of France transmitted, through Mr. J. Mathe- son, treasurer of the French Relief Fund, for wounded soldiers, orphans, and widows, to tho French embassy, London, a draft for £G0, out of which £21 was forwarded by Mr. Ryan, as amount of collections received at Warr- nambool ¡ £2110s. by Mr. F. Stanley, consu- lar agent of Franco at Adelaide ; and £15 4s. Gd. by Mr. Dostree, of Hamilton. The total amount forwarded up to dato is £770. A sum of £210s. has been received from Mrs. Yates, through The Argus. A 