:..OUR SANDHURST LETTER. I (FROSr our special correspondent-) -Ist'Novomher, MidmgM- . The great, 'frush wliiph g.et.in hero sow time ago' for .'shares, and .which lasted w' ' out iuteumissionf up.toyd-'week ago, has bo somewhat subsided, and a more steady an ''"lezitimate biisiness:'oommeneedi The fact is ' " to ' be deplored, -for several reasons: It w jg conceded, on all hands, that a lull must tal;o place, or inevitable ruin rcsult 'to'many cflg8gcd ;in mining speculations. Instead of buyers now going in for all and everything offering,-. » . judicious solbction is mado, ind f more equitable prices paid for ' tho various Btocks offered. Tho change , which Bab taken place in our market has created iust a ghost of a panio among a few holders, , the consequence being that many good stocks jiave beon crowded into tho market at almost any price they would realise. A few days, howover, must see the end of this rashness, and shares in genuinely valuable claims re- assume their proper position. I notice from the Ballnrafc and other papers that a fcaturo has been mado of tho fact that £11,030 calls were made here last week, and this circum- stati co taken as a proof that tho presumed richness of the Sandhurst mines is, a delu sion and a snare. Those, however, who will give the matter, a moment's study, will fail to find anything extraordinary in tho circumstance. Hundreds of new companies havo been floated, and work is being pro- cceded with in ovory direction, where, up till very lately) the ground was not dis- fnrhed. To -nrosecnto the scarnh for cold money iB required, hence the calls. There ; js no donbt that many of tho mines will hot provo a profitable investment for speculators; out, judging from thofaotthatgoldouqnartz is being daily discovered in every part of tho Benaigo district, tho natural presumption is that a groat majority of tho companies started will yield a handsome return to those who. ! have had the pluck and energy to riak a few pounds in the further development of the, : Sandhurst district. ' In my letter of yesterday I mentioned that, in' consequence of Miller and Company, on' the Garden Gully lino, having struck a nico- \- cokiDgleaderintheirshaft,sharcsadvanced in public favor, and were bought tip at a price considerably over that lately ruling for . them. Inconncotion with this cl aim , a very foolish and reprehensible trick was attempted by q oo: lored man this morning, who took to - the manager's offico a number of exceedingly rich specimens, stating they were the result of a shot fired in the shaft, and that he had been sent in with them by the men working in the claim. The manager, Mr. Quin, sus- ; peering the genuineness of the story, pro- ceoded to the claim to test the truth of the report, and found the wholo tale to be a fabri cation. The polico were at onco communicated . with, and the. officers engaged are anxious to find out whether any sales were effected in consequence of tho stone being repre sented to havo . been taken from Miller's claim. ... . .. It was reported during tho day that good gold-bearing quartz had been' discovered in ono or more claims at tho Sheopv.-ash, but no ' nnrfcinnlArfl urn to hnnrl. Tho All Friends' Company, I am informed, expect to crash in a few days. Their stone is -reported to look first class, mid" a good yield is expeoted. The Golden Speo. Com- ' pany'a shaft is down over 150ft., and they aro expecting daily to cut tho reef already being operated on in the adjoining (All Friends') claim! Ono of the new claims on : tho Hustler's line — next to tho Railway reserve — the naino of . which I could not ; ascertain, came across some good-looking . quartz this afternoon. ' Messrs. Egcrton and Co. report : — Business to-day quiet hut firm. A good amount of fencing is now being donolby buyers, with the object no doubt of securing parcels of cheap stock from tho faint hearted. The weather (it having been raining throughout the day), has had a depressing influence oh ' the market. Sales Avondalc, 14s, 14s 3d; 14s 6d ; Elliot's Tribute, Is 10d ; Golden Spur Tribute, lOd, 11 id; North Johnson) 29s 3d ; Grand Trunk, 2a 10d,2s 11-id, 3s Id ; . North Specimen Hill, Gs Id;. St. Michael's Mount, 5s lOd ; Railway Garden Gully, 3s Id, 3s 4d ; St. Mungo, 10s 6d ; Shenandoah,! lis 9d. The Bcndigo Stock Exchange reports the' business for tho afternoon Elliott's Tri bute, .sales Is 8d, Is 9d ; Golden Tyke, sales 7s ; Imperial Garden Gully, sales 23 9d, 23 lOd ; Koh-i-Noor, sales 3s ; North Johnson,- buyers 28s Gd ; North Victoria, buyers 2s -lid; North Specimen Hill, buyers Gs ; Princess Alexandra, buyers 2s Gd ; Richard Heales, buyers 37s Gd ; Royal Hustler's/ buyers 303 ; Railway Garden Gully Company, sales 2s 1 Id, 33 3d ; St. Mungo, salc3 10s ; South Devonshire, buyers 2s ; Shenandonh, buyers 12s ; South Stafford, sales lis ; Uni corn Tribute, sales Is 5d. 