THI.- E, C HOU...A: .i )- 'A TALE OF THE FRENCH REVOLUTIOCN. (Trunstsl?ite./r Ihe " Launceston natmeincr.") 'g VOL. III.-OIIAPTER IV. b, " T ?l NET Is SPREAD." o "Tile night is as black as the throat of a y wolf," whispered Pills Michr. I "Go on 1" replied Mareho a Terre, "and d speak no more than a dead dog." "I scarco dare breathe," returned the a Ohouan. o "If anyone wishes to have my knife in his '. heart, he has only to let a- stone roll down n again,' threatened his companion, in a voice so low that it was confounded with the mur- 1 mur of the waters of the Nangon. o "But it' was me," remonstrated his abm ; panqon. " Well I old blunderer," replied ihis leader, 'treeop onthy stomach like a 'snake, orwe I v shall leave our caresses heroe sooner thani I there's any necessity." -i' ." h I March's a Terre ol" continued the r incorrigible Pillo Micho, groping with lis t I hands, and crawling to the side of his com. raode, in whose ear hlie spoke in a voice so low I t that the Ohouans who followed closbly, I crawling dver.the roodks and irregularities of I the ground, could not hear a syllable. " 1h I Marhco a Terre, if we may believe the lady, I our grando Garce,there's good bootyupthere; t 5 shall we go shares, us two" I" "Shut I Pills Miche ?" said the Chouan as c ho became' motionless. All the troop im-. itated his movements. The difficulties of theo I precipice would have been found insurmouint able, save by such experienced cragsmen, but 1 to.them it was, nevertheless, an arduous i undertaking. ' 1 !"I know-. thee for one of those follows ready to fight to the death," said' the leader h of the Uhouian band in a hoarse whisper. t " We have not come for plunder. We are e demons against demons, and misfortune to those with the shortest claws I The gind t Garco sends us here to save the Oars. He is p there I Lift thy dog's nose, and look at that o window below the tower I" . ..'. .; At.this moment midnight tolled,' The I moon rose, and gave to the fog the appear- I ance of masses of dense white smoke. Pille I Miche strohgly pressed his conipanion's arm, u and eildntly drew his. attention at -ton paces above them to the shining of some bayonets a 'which just showed over the rampart their ' triangular points. fo "The blues are there before us, we shall fc have no strength to match them." "Patience," replied Marcho a Terro.' "I tl closely examined it all this morning; we 1 ought to find at the base of the tower of is Papegout, between the ramparts and the promenade, a small square whoere there is n always a dunghoap, and you can lot yourself ti fall on that like a bed." "If Saint Labre," muttered Pillo Miche, of " would only change into cider all the blood vi which will be spilt, the Fougerais would have fine times of it to-morrow." io Marche a Terre covered his friend's mouth \ with his larigo hand, then a signal given by os hint went from rank to rank, until it reached th the rearmost of the Chouans,. almost us- w ponded over and hanging on the rooks and sia shrubs of the precipice. In fact Corentin, er who had too watchful an ear not .to have at heard the rustling of the bushes through which the Chouans crept, or Ithe th slight sound of tlhe clods and stones m which rolled to the bottom of the precipice, was at this moment on the edge- of the ": esplanade. Marche a Terre, who seemed to ve have the gift of seeing in the dark, or whose id senses continually on the alert had acquired to the intelligence of the savage, had discovered Corentin; like a well-trained dog: 'perhape 01 he had scented him. The police agent th might have listened and gazed at the natural wall of the precipice, formed of grey granite or. masses, in-vain, before he could have made out the Chouans. If the doubtful light of the fog permitted him to perceive some of'the Clhoans, he would have taken them for frag- ee ments of the rook, so much did their bodies pa imitate inert nature. The danger of the ad troop lasted but a short time, Corentin was atl drawn away by a very distinct noise at the etr other extremity of the promenade. At the at point where the wall ceased, and the steep as acclivity of the rock began, a path traced on the edge of the granite, communicated with th the " Queen's Stair," and abutted precisely this point of intersection.. When the spy arrived there, lie perceived a figure rising like a ghost above the wall. Advancing his hand to seize .this fantastic or real being, of whoso good intentions he had much doubt, he found it was a woman. " What demon brings you here ?" he mut tored. "If you had come across one of the sentinels instead of me, you would have hiel a th bayonet through you. Where have you come of from, and where are you going at this time du of night, all P" The unknown replied in a voice of fright teo and entreaty in the country patois- of "Oh, my good master, I was a comin' only from a visit to a friend." th But the cunning of the police agent, versed M in disguises, was not to be deceived. " Ah," lie said to himself, "it is the pretended so mother of the Marquis; let us sea what she is about." " Wil yofu, foolish creature," continued the c spy raising, his voice, and allowing no sign of recognition to escape him, "go to the left there, if you don't want to be shot." I The woman curtsied, and glided away in the gloom. Corentin rested seemingly int. es tentive to her motions, but observing nar- I rowly that she went towards the tower of Papegaut; suddenly he started off in her Pi track like a sleuth hound, with diabolical to address. Whilst this fatal meeting took hi place-fatal because till then Corontin had w doubted the arrival of the Marquis that night -theCOhouans had cleverly posted themselves pi on and about the dung heap, towards which I Marchle a Terro had guided them. "There's the grand Garce I" said the Ohouan, raising himself cautiously along'the 'U side of the wall as a bear might have done. " We are all here," be hoarsely whispered to the lady. . "Good r" returned Madame du Gun, 'in tones as low. " If you can find a ladder in thoe house whoso garden is six feet below the c dungheap, the Gars will be saved. Dos't see that circular window up there l That's a the dressing room; you must reach that. This spot below is the only one not watched. The horses are ready, and if you have(t guarded the passage of tihe Nanoon, we can put him out of danger in a quarter of an g hour, in spite of his folly. But if that cat g . dares to follow him, stab ber I" and she Sglided away. h Corentin, perceiving in the dark shadowa Sindistinct forms, which he had at first taken for rocks, gently and silently moving on his 1 steadfastly watching them, immediately stole Sarway swiftly towards the post at the gate'St. Leonard,-where lie found the Commandant sleeping in his cloak by the fire in the guard house. "Let him alone I" said 3Beaupiod roughly, as the spy entered and made towards him, " he has only this moment laid down." " Tll Chouans are here I" cried Corontin in Hulot's' ear. The veteran started to his feet. "Impos siblo I But so much the better," he cried; " at least we shall fight." "Come with me, and I will show you where they are," continued the police agent. The Commandant left the guard house with his guide, who, on their coming to the Promenade, cautiously showed him in the deep shadow the singular position occupied by the Ohouans. " They have either outwitted or kidnapped the sentries between the Queen's Stair and the Castle," cried Hulot. "Ah, what thunder of a fog I ~But patience I I will send forty men under charge of a lieutenant to the foot of the rook. I shall catch the rascals. They must not be attacked where they are, the animals are so hard that they would let themselves roll down the precipice like stones, arid escape. A thousand cart. ridges, citizen I I was about to draw in my guards in half an hour had you not come. I go to send off my party, and will return." The solemn tones from the belfry tolled two when the Commandant returned on 'the Promenade, after having taken the strictest military precautions to" cut off the retreat of the Chouana commanded by Marche it Terre. The posts were all doubled, and Mile. do Verneuil's house had become the centre of a little army. Rulot found Corontin absorbed in the contemplation of the window, which looked over the tower of Papogunt. "Citizen," said Hulot to him as he shook him iy tihe arm to arouse his attention. " I think the Marquis is making fools of us, for nothing has moved." " He is there I" said Corentin, pointing to the window-his features black with sup. pressed passion. " I have seen the shadow of a man on the curtain. But I can't make out what has become of my little Oars. They have either killed or seduced him. i But comel Commandant; there's the man I Let us march I" and' the eyes of the spy lit up with fury. " What I break into the house I" said the astonished soldier. "Thunder of God I Not [ I lie will leave it soon. Gudin won't t fail him." Hulot had, besides, his reasons for waiting. Corentin sot his toeth, and hissed rather than articulated, "In the name of the law I 1 enjoin thee-I -command thee to break a into this house I" "You would bhear a powerful order to make me do that I" said the soldier contemp tuously. Corentin recovered his calmness by an effort, and gave a baleful glance at the honest voteran, as lie said coldly "You shall obey me I Look I' here is the order in dueo form, signed by the Minister of War, which shall force thee," and he drew out a paper. " Order a dark lanthorn from t the guard to read it. Do you imagine that p we are simple enough to let that girl act as she chooses I We are engaged in putting an end to civil war-the greatness of the result absolves the littleness of the means." " I take the liberty to tell thee, citizen, that thou mnayest go. Thurder and bombs I let me alone I" "But-read I" persisted the spy. ' "Don't worry me with thy orders," said the a veteran in a towering rage, indignant at the a idea of receiving orders from so con temptible a being. At this moment, the child of Galopo Chopineo appeared like a rat out of a hole in the ground. "TThe Oars is on route and away l" he cried. " Which way I Where I" " By the street St. Leonard." "Beaupied I" said Hulot, beckoning to the sergeant, who was close at hand with his L party, "Be30 off I warn thy lieutenant toeI advance on the house and fire, if any one attempts to force their way I You under- tr stand I" The sergeant nodded gravely, gave a sad look at the doomed house, and hurried oh away on his errand. is "By the loft file, advance you others upon P the Tower." hi 