An Old and Ludicrous Ceremony. The London Daily Telegraph of the 11th February, referring to the opening of Parlia ment, says : — Surely tho gloomy fanatic who, in the- reigu of James I. po nearly succeeded in blowing up the House of Lords and Com mons, must have been related to the horrific personage whose effigy, dreadfully hirsute, and with a coil of steel spring instead of a stomach, is still visible m sot&e; of our toyshop windows. There is a curious affinity between Guy Fawkes and a ' Jack iu the box.' You shut Jack down in his coffer ; you forgot all about him ; but some day an indiscreet or a mis chievous hand unfastens the box, and up starts Jack, more preposterously ugly than ever. He is irrepressible — and so is Guy Fawkea. We hanged, drew, and quartered Guy ; yet that didn't settle him. Wo found out that his name wasn't Guy or Fawkes at all, but Guido Vaux ; and evon that discovery did not avail us. We have discontinued 5th of Novembor services; discouraged 5th of November processions, and put down bonfires and squib-throwing by the strong arm of the law.- . Notwithstanding all our efforts, tho incorrigible conspirator con tinues from time to time to fly up in our faces ; and it almost passes belief to hear that Guy Fawkes was made the excuse for a solemn perquisition in the vaults of the Palace at Westminster no later than last Thursday morning. It has been the custom, ever since the discovery of the Gunpowder Plot in 1605, to search beneath the Houses of Parliament just before they are opened, and to make sure that thero aro no barrels of gunpowder stowed away by the ghost of Guy. This ancient and interesting ceremony was performed on Thurs day by a party of her Majesty's Yeomen of the Guard, under the command of Captain Morey, with sundry of the bizarre creatures called ' Mai'&halmen;,' and other officials of the House. The procession by lantern-light through. the vaulted chambers had, it is said, a highly picturesque effect ; but we can nob err, we should say, in assuming that the searches did not find any explosive materials ; that the ' picturesque effect 'r was not heightened by the apparition of Guy' Fawkes in propria persona, with lurid flames issuing from his eyeless sockets ; and that, in fine, nothing was found save, perhaps, a few cobwebs and a mare's-nest. Is it not time that such ridiculous mummery should be done away with 1 If the vaults of tho House must be examined, would not% couple of police constables be adequate to the performance of the task? ' ? Tub Mubdeb op Mr. Underwood at Fiji. — From the Fiji Times, of the 5th April, we ex tract tho following particulars of the murder of Mr. Achillea Underwood, of the firm of Burt and Underwood, of Kadavu, by their labourers* It appears that these men's terms had expired somo monthi back, and they were fully aware of such being the caae, and had spoken to their employers at least once on the subject, probably of toner; and only a abort while ago were told that Underwood would take a vessel to Kadavu, pay them off, and then return them to their 1 inland hornet; But what was the oaie ? Why iniUad of doing m they wen pcomiMd, (he pofc ? Hk. ?:,?,,. . ' . *.. .... .r ? ;-.. . . .. , , j ton, the proceeds of which were to pay their ' ~* wages, waa used to raise, money for the.tray oiling expenses of one of the partners who was visiting the United States on business. The result waa that the men had to go without their payments, or being sent home ; and poor Underwood ro- _ turned to Kadavu, downhearted because o! his * inability to pay them, and fearing that they :- '.-ja would take to the bush, and that ho would be de? . ; ,--i 'I privod of any further services from them. But, ,.A\\\ . upon hia arrival thore the men came and doman- ; , ,,n ded of him where the vessel waa which was to 'j (jj take them back ; and, beyond telling them he ' had not got ono, he was unable to make ahy''''^* statement or explanation. Ono of them called f'J1* him a liar, which he resented ; blow led to blow, ;i JT £ and finally the poor fellow drew his revolver in ;:~yjQz self-defence. The rest is soon told, lie . fired ; j..t\7v but without effect, and before he could use his , , revolver again, he was struck to tho earth, tho . '? piatol wrenched from his hand and himself shot''1'3'1 with it. We do not know that a similar dis- i£ — turbance might not have occurred amongst a-;jiiv; ? body of white men, and all other things being ];om equal, that a liko . result would have enaued, , ,. a that is, as far as tho murder is concerned,., Bub '^', „_ in Underwood's inurdor there is a revolting part',', ' ' , apart from the horrors of : that frightful tragedy1/'' ' itsolf. It is this: — A white man saw the com-- '?'! monceraent of the row, and, like a true coward,'- '*''' ran away, for fear hia own akin should be' I ndi scratched. .. . ? ? ?. i.'laJ. Bubolaby. — On Tuesday night, or early ,-inai yesterday morning, some thiof or thiovos effected liv, an entrance into the shop of Mr. Haddock, ' ' '* bookseller, in Georgo-street, and carried away ' '. about £20 worth of property. No parson sleeps ''-'n on the premises. The robbery was first' dis- ';'i° covored by one of the assistants, whose duty it . ?; -.-'i is to lock up tho premises at night, and. open,, i ifr them in tho morning. Before ho loft on' Tuosr.^jj^ day night, ho saw that the doors and,. windo,w«f,_. -i(t were all fastened. On entering tho promise's',' oil '?,. the following morning, ho found 'that' a. pane 'of' . glass in the library window at the back part 'of '_':'iia the Bhop had been broken, and it was seen that ''?'?'??* tho thieves had by this means undone' the':.'i-jo fastening of the window, and so managod to get. vil;; into the Bhop. About £12 or £15 worth of postr, lrf ago and duty stamps, and about £5.or£C worth ,|v/. of loose cash which had been inadvertently left' ,' in tho till, wore stolon. Two or throe choquea ''.'!? that lay in the till were found on the floor. 'The ?'' ''? till and stamp drawers were priaed open by ;a moans of some instrumont, in ordec that their : ?:??- contents might bo got at. The iron safe. and ;l|,i other articles in tho shop have not apparently ,. been interfered with. — Herald. ?', ' ? \,'. Clever Capxure onBoakd THECALiFoiiNrAJi-1'' 'J Steamer. — Yesterday afternoon, shortly' b'bforo '''' tho departure of tho Californian, New Zealand, ? r-1 and Australian mail steamer City of Melbourne,1 'l-^ from her anchorage, a vory. clever capturo waa ;?-?) effected by sergeant Larkins , and senior-constablo j ;-j[ Mulqueeny, of a. young man nauied: Thomas., .„( Lloyd, who was just on tho point of, taking hia ,^'j departure for California. Lloyd, it would ap puair, had been a' sort of managing clerk in tha '''' establishment of Messrs. Breckenridgo arid Co., ' ''' of Newcastle, from whence he is understood to -1 have arrived aa late an yestorday. Tho charge; ;i : now preferred against him is. one of obtaining ll/: from tho Sydney firm of F. Hamburger and Co.,- nJ by means of a cheque, forged . in his employer's , name, the sum of £35; but it ia' believed that . ... other charges are yet to be brought forward. '';'? Thia cheque was passed at Messrs. Hamburger's | ?' yesterday forenoon, and on its being shortly -! afterwards found not to be genuine, tho police . - 1 were communicated with, and they were soon in- .(i activo pursuit. It being thought likely that Lloyd would attempt to escape by tha mail steamer which left that day, tho police officers ' above alluded to, went on board in the after-.:..'. noon. Not finding the object of their soarch on ,,, , the City of Melbourne, thoy did not leave, but! ' stayed on board, and were rewarded, about four . . o'olock, by seeing Lloyd (who is about thirty ; years of age), coming alongside in a small boat, ' ' apparently from tho direction of Pyrmont. A' quantity of goods of diverse kinds were found . ?- in the boat with prisoner, and theae articles are ; supposed to have been tho fruits of his opora- ? tiona as a f eingod representative of Messrs. Brock- ? onridgo. A telegram, detained through some mishap to tho line, was received in Sydnoy about an hour after Lloyd's capture, statinir that he had not been authorised by MessrB.Brockonridgo ..; either to receive moneys for them or transact , : - business on their account. Lloyd, it is thought. ? must havo gono round to Pyrmont from Sydnoy . . to take a boat at the former placo, wtih tho iu tontiou of misleading tho omissaries of tho law. Tho case will come on for trial at tho Central ' Police Court this morning. — Hetald, 5th May. ' Tub Assault upon Mr. D. Buchanan. — The Protestant Standard, of the Gth instant saya : — The man Kennedy, from. Queensland, who so . , brutally assaulted Mr. Buchanan, on Wednesday last, in the public street, has been committed for ' trial. The preliminary investigation at the ' Police Court, took place on Thursday morning, ;I but nothing transpired as to the reason of the - assault. Kennedy had been instructed to Bay ' ? nothing, and accordingly he said nothing. Mr.. . ; I Buchanan was anxious to ascertain tho cauie of .-,? the attack, as he had never seen tho man, and , never had said anything therefore personally to injure him, but not a word transpired as an ox planation. The public, however, will not be at' ' a Iobb to ascertain the cause. Kennedy is a truo: ? ' son of 'the church.' It is said that ho waa ! trained to be a priest. At any rate, as soon as he was taken to the Police- office, Father John, ' whoso kind services to the Deacon O'Farrell, the , . would-be assassin of the Prince, found him out, and gave him spiritual advice. Thereafter, as in the more illustrious' case, tho affair is wrapt in ; solemn my story — Kennedy has his lips sealed ; he will not say that he is a defender of the church; he will not explain that he attacked Mr. , Buchanan because of that gentleman's anti Popish proclivities; ho will not admit that 're- ligion' waa the thing which inspired him with strength to strike the blow, because this would raiso a fresh scandal against tho church, and revive the remembrance and indignation of the O'Farrell and Dan Egan affairs ; but, whon the ? spiritual advice under whioh he acts is so vory ? conspicuous, and the prisonor is surroundod at. the Polico-court by a littlo Ireland of Popish frionds, the public will no doubt conclude, and conclude rightly, that the assault is anothor de velopment of Popery — a small examplo of the ' tumble-down system,' which finds great favor elsewhere. Cabeless Use of Firearms. — On Monday laat, says the Gladstom Observer, Mr. Henry Friend, jun., arrived at Gladstone from Milton, having ridden the sixty miles since the previous ' evening. Mr. Friend brought us nows that a gentleman had been accidentally shot,1 and came in for medical assistance. Fortunately, Dr. - Robertson was in town, and ho at one proceeded: to the Btationin company with Mr. Friend, jun., and arrived the same evening. Wo hear that Dr. Robertson is of opinion that tho wound is riot ' serious, the ball having glanced round a rib. We ; ' have not heard whether the ball can be extracted, ''? but presume the veteran dootor will make the at- ' tempt if there is the slightest chance. So far m j; we have been able to learn by inquiries of every- : , i one but the right penon, the accident occurred , ; in this wise :— Captain David and Mr. Kearney (both of barque Guantariamo), with Mr. Hoth- ' erington and others, were talking of tho morita of various firearms. The possibility of restating- ' the demand- of a bushranger 1 was disousaed, .and Captain David gave an .illustration of how it;: : might bo done with a small pocket repeater.;.: Supposing himself to bo asked for his money, he ,, would say, *' here you are,' and pretend to put. . his' hand in his breeches pocket to produce Ms' ', purse. ' Instead of pulling out his purse he ' « would pull out his pistol and shoot the: bush-' ' ranger. Captain David did produce the pistol; - t and to his own horror it went off, lodging v tho . I contents, in the body, of Mr. Kearney. nMW'l Kearney felt nd.pain at first, but subsequento.,, complained of a burning sensation. Mr.-Friend, ( jan'., started for town, and arrived 'h&ttliiwt; ' , momiiigW*feWTede»«ribed,; '? ^^iV'' 