POLL-EVIL. NEW SCEN'B FROM THIS Ol.l) DKA.MA, ' KI3J ICCTKI) AUDUKSSES.' [commit skated. ] TisiE-Aflcr the IV.l. Hour-MiJuwbt. A CainpoiithefVmihiminc. The ' Rejected'' finding the 'new roll' Kniuunhat indigestible, gets up to ' boil tbe pot,' nnd thus .I'ldresees the opossuinii :— TiftemiHi r.f August ! Oh, fatal day ! What phrious prospects — power, place, and pay j What Unit rcanlvcs, what noble deeds Of daring statecraft— all that luads To great Ambition's 6oaring heights — Ruthlessly cast down by towr Firflita ! Kamsay and Wienholt !— such men as these Are now declared 'quite the cheese;' With outspoken Palmer and plain Johnston, The honorable Moreton aud learned liramston, Irrepressible ' Works,' by whom there stands A tower of strength— the noble ' Lande.' Others there are of well-known rtnmo Whose deeds adorn the scroll of Fame ; — Haivl -hearted Fortune ! sore there's room For the ' political' son of ' 'naugliiy Brooine ;' Or must that poor patriot's ' stiiuning' lays Deferred he, in hopes of better days! Ah, say not s« ; but tell us how To live without 'sweat of the brow ]' (Scream o£ the curlew. Enter the ghost oi 'Tea- wooinba.') Kauakas and missionaries preserve us ! Art thou the disembodied spirit Of 'pure' Martell? Speak, bring'st news of the G.L.P. ! Tell mo why Thy gaunt unhealthy visage comctb hence ? Why the public room. Wherein we saw thee speak with wintry hopes, Hath cast thee out To wander uji and vlown this restless vale of tears 1 Ghost : If thnu art in the mood To listen, 1 will a talc relate Will cause thy most youthful blood Unwillingly to stagnate. Know, then, thy brother Rat With fermented juice Of ' luscious grape,' Finding me asleep With portals of my month just reft asunder. Did (inur the ' villainous compound' Into the silent caverns of my throat ! And such enmity with my blood Caused most complete forgelfulncss. At this dishonorable advantage Thy traitor brother Straightway joined the Palmer crew, Leaving nought for us to do But follow there. False Rat has, howe'er, socured That which shnnld bfrmy reward — The Speaker's CnAiit ! (Exit Ghost in a gale of wind.) The ' Rejected :' Ah, that this too, ton solid flash would melt, 1'hiw, tin dnwu, resolve itself into tallow ! Mighty hosts of Queensland, what nextt Steady, uiy heart, bear me up bravely ( While memory holds a se^t Within this torn and lacerated breast, I'll think of Uiee - The boastful vaunting O.L. P. Miserable politicians ! defeated, sold, outwitted ! What, bo 1 my tablets, let me enter it— A man may promise And promise, and 1)2 a bad inlitician ; At least, 'tie so in Queensland ! Grand tableaux.' Thunder and lightning. Smash up of the G. L. P. Bush on fire, 4c. It will be in die recollection of our readers that tbe seizure of a mob of 400 bead of cattle travelling from Queensland was reported by a Walgctt cor respondent, aud that several of the cattle had been identified as the property of tbe Peel River Com pany, although tbe station brands bad been in ? great measure tlcfucci. The names of the accused parties were withheld at the time, the charge being reported euti /«-??«, and the offender or offenders, waiting the arrival of Queensland wit me«e«, under £800 b»il. Another lint in U»e «t»ry unapplied by the St. George correspondent ef tin JMttj HimtA, jhtt, writing on the 1 Ithinst., «ays : ?^Ttt»to«jr»mal9cathoTp, of Cot.bio ctatton, oak b%IS6pnilJ*ed to take his trial at the »e-t sittings 4 Vmfii$nut,&mt; at Bomum the charge vt MiMliftg mlUli Mn^ii^ to the Peel Biver Com jt*W. '«»« *»i*.«ftOB4. Tbe trial -lasted three Am, «M ttBMed kgreit actuation. Si* ttacbtntea *** j°* P^^W^ ftWUt &***]$& Boom, ptMuBtk^tS3wt-i^fW«»er6BnTaay. 