LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. ' Some disappointment was oxpressed last night at the non-arrival of tho English mail by tho Bris bane oonoh. Wb understand that at tho time the ooaoh loft, tho steamor Brisbane was coming up with tho moil , whioh had boon transhipped to her from the Bootnorang. As tho Queensland was to have sailed for the northern ports in the afternoon of the numu uay mo leuers, oso., nave Doen, in an prooa bility sent, by hor, and may theroforo be expected by this evening's Maryborough coach. It always happens, in oonnootiou with the opera tion of a mottBure liko tho Goldfields Town Lands Aot, that all persons affootod thereby are not equally subjeoted to inoonvonionoo and injury, or rather tho measure boars morp oppressively upon obrtain per sons than upon otherB. Wo say such a state of things, though muob to be rogrettod, is inevitable ; it ' oan't bo helped.' But surely it is tho duty of the Government to render nil possiblo aBBistnnco in equalising tho amount of hardship to bo borne by tho individuals of the oommunity, by dealing liber ally with oases of peouliar hardship. In making these remarks wo havo in viow tho position of those of tho Gympio townspeople whose promises are at present so sitaatod that a removal in accordance with tho Town Lands Aot will place them in the middlo of a gully, thus almost cutting tho buildings off from the main thoroughfare nnd consequently damaging their business very seriously. Some timo ago wo understood that tho main street was to bo at onee repaired, and wo wero muoh surprised und disappointed to find that tho intentions of tho Roads Departmont'woro altorod. On roflootion, hovvoVer, wo camp tp thp conolnBion that tho road ropairc had boon postponed in viow of tho romoval of buildings in aooordanoo with tho Town Lands Act, so that the (Vrailablo pjrn nf: mi'chf- fivpnn tltul Jn mnlrinc and repairing tho main stroot as it will bo, and not as it is now. Wo trust that, in giving the Roads Depart ment crodit for this forosifiht and prudonoo, wo woro oorroot ; for some of tho leaseholders on tlio south-wost Bido of Mary-stroot may thou expeot to havo tho future sites of their premises muoh im proved . Wo grpatly fear that the amoun t at prosent grantod for tbo roads in and around Gympio ia very inadequate to tho purposes for whioh it is intondod ; and considering tho urgent wauts .of tho goldfield and tho advisability of rendering the bnrdon imposed upon many of tbo townspeople by tho Goldfiolds Town Lands Aot as light as possiblo, wo would ask tho Government to supplement onr presont roads grant by ns large an amount as oan bo spared. It will no doubt rejoioo tho heart ef 'Old Jprrook's Ghost,' if onr sporting spootro pos'sossos suoh an artiolo, to loaru that tho Gympio Turf Club has at longth woke up' and booomo sensible of its duties and' responsibilities. A mooting of tho mombo.rs will bo hold on Thursday ovoning next at Hvne's Hotel. Wo bog to direot the attpntipn of thp publip to that.' tho annonnoomont that tbe Rev. J. Buekto will proaoh in Gympio to-morrow, in aid of the Aboriginal Mission. Tho experienoo of tho last few days suroly ib a sufBoiont proof to the people of this district that -tho labours of tho .Mission aro highly nooessary and laudablo ; and wo fool it un. nepessary to urgo that as muoh support as poBsiblp should . bp afforded by this ppmmunity. Tbp publio arp informod that the sittings of tho Northern District Court at Gympio will oommonoo on Monday noKt. There aro two oriminal oases to bo tried, viz., J. S. Ruxton, laroony, and Julius Diozman, wilfully nnd malioiously Botting firo to a dwelling. As there aro no oivil oases for trinl, tho sittings will in all probability bo finished on Monday. It appours that- tho aboriginal shooting case, whiob wo roportod in our last issue, is moro sorious than wo supposod ; tho shot was firod at oloso quar ters and woundod tho blaokfollow so sovoroly that thoro aro somo doubts of his rooovory. Ho was brought into town on Wednosday last ; as ho rofnsed to bo placed in tho hospital, ho is now uudor tho ohargo o'f tho polioo, and is attondod to by Dr. Benson. At tho Polioo Court on Wudnosday last, Josoph Pinoh was brought up ohargod with shooting, with intent to do grievous bodily harm, ono Sammy, an aboriginal. Tbo polioo not being proparod with ovidonoo, noousod was romandod until tho following Friday. Yostorday, however, ho was remanded un til noxt Tuosday on tho application of Inspector Lloyd, who said ho was not prepared to go on with the caso. A very euooossful mooting of the committoo and Bubsoribors of tho School of Arts was hold yostorday ovonin'g in tho old Hospital building. Tho most im portant resolution that was passed was, ' That Messrs. Jamioson, M'Groarty, and Kidgoll should bo a snb-oommittoo to mako arrangements to obtain a Bui'table building not noaror to Commissioner's Hill than Mr. Hardonstlo's old store, for tho purpose of holding tho tomporary mootings of tho Booioty, and to roport thoroon to a gonoral meeting of sub. soribers, whioh will bo hold on Friday next.' Mr. Ballard ocoupiod tho ohnir. Tho lateness of tho hour at whioh tho mooting terminated, nnd it boing besides, proes night, wo are unable to givo a full report of tho proceedings. . . , . All who aro likoly to ho oonneoted with tho now musical and Dramatic Association aro informod that a gonoral tneoliiitr will hn hold on Monduy ovoning, whon tho Provisional Committoo will lay before tho membors n codo oi rulos und ofibr suggestions in ro. foronoo to tho mauagomont of tho Sooioty. At tho Launoostou Raoos tho Town Plato was won by Tim- Whifilor, Strop second. Nimblofoot woa tho Mowbray Handicap aftor a magnifioout race. Professor Parker, the well-known swordsman, was lately killed in Gippsland by being thrown from his horse, which bolted ; his wife's horse also ran away, but she is not seriously injured. 