A GRAVE STORY. On all such subjects my father was very sceptical. He was fond of telling a story in which he had been an actor, and, as he used to say, in which his unbelieving ob stinacy had been the means of demolishing what would have made a very pretty ghost story. He had been dining in Dean's-yard, Westminster, with a party of young men, one of whom was his inti mate friend, Mr. CalrneL There was some talk about the death of a Mrs. Nightingale, who had recently died under some melancholy circumstances, and had been buried in the Abbey. Some one offered to bet that no one of those preBent would go down into the grave and dri^^^ a nail into the coffin. Calmel acceptecMj the wager, only.stipulating that he might ^ have a lanthorn. He was accordingly let into the cathedral by a door out of the cloisters, and there left to himself. The dinner-party, after waiting an hour or more for Calmel, began to think some thing must have happened to him, and that he ought to be looked after; so my father and two or three more got a light and went to the grave, at the bottom of which lay the apparently dead body of Mr. Calmel. He was quickly transported to the prebend's dining-room, and reco vered out of his fainting-fit. As Boon as he could find his tongue, he said, " Well, I have won my wager, and you'll find the nail in the coffin ; but, by Jove ! the lady rose up, laid hold of me, and pulled me down before I could scramble out of the grave." Calmel stuck to his story, in spite of all the scoffing of hiB friends; and the ghost of Mrs. Nightingale would have been all over the town , but for my father's obstinate incredulity. Nothing would satisfy liim but an ocular inspec tion of the grave and coffin ; so, getting a light, he and some of the parfy returned to the grave. There; sure enough, was the nail, well driven into the coffin ; but hard fixed by it was a bit of Mr. Cahners coat- tail! So there was an end of Mrs. Nightingale's ghost. This grave after wards became remarkable for a very beautiful piece of sculpture, by some cele«~_ brated artist, representing Mr. Nightin gale vainly attempting to ward from his dying wife the dart of death.—"The Life and Times of Henry Lord Broug ham." Written by Himself. Vol. I. 