SPAIN AND ITS NEW KING. KingAmadeus I. has arrived in Madrid, chosen a Ministry, diasolved the Cortes which elected him to the throne, and launched his frail bark amone the breakers oi spamsn constitutionalism so-cauea. xne omens have been sadly unpropitious, and King Amadeus the First must be a youth of courage if he can carry a light heart about with, him in the neighbourhood of the Calle de Alcala. Ostensibly the chosen ef the Spanish nation, he is in reality the nominee of a' provisional dictator /whose career has been closed by assassination. With Marshal Prim at his right hand, his task would have been arduous and his futureprecarious; for Prim's personal influence was on the decline, and the last month of his administration had been in many respects the least fortunate. Without his expected champion and coun sellor King Amadeus is to bis own adherents & foreigner; to his opponents an intruder. He stands between a lukewarm faction 6! Monarchicalists and two wrathful factions of Carlists and Republicans. Had he double his age and a proportionate endowment of Machiavellian skill, he might risk the despe rate expedient of divide et impera. But a tyro who has just stepped out of the political nursery cannot defy the public opinion of Europe by treating Spaniards rather accord* ing to their practical requirements than their theoretical rights. An ingenuous youth who has just sworn to observe the Constitution cannot take the initiative in violating it. Hia enemies have that essential advantage over nim, and they will not. neglect it. While he must sit on a tottering throne, his hands encumbered by a powerless sceptre, intrigue can be undermining him, and conspiracy can be laying its bloody net for him. The royal puppet is at the mercy of events as entirely as if the seething cauldron into which hit ambition has plunged him had been real and not figurative. The ricketty wheel will continue to fly round without regard to the little Savoyard fly that has alighted upon it. When the Cortes reassembled after the Duke |of Aosta's acceptance of the throne, its Bole anxiety was to mar the arrangement to which it had committed itself, and to prepare the most ungracious welcome for the new King. The Progressists or Ministe rialists turned sulky when they had fulfilled the behests of the Government. The Mode rados (Conservatives) and the Republicans ceuld still effect much by sheer obetructive nesB, and their opposition was renewed with redoubled vigour. A fresh disposition . of parties much less favourable to the Govern meat intervened. On the one side the Cinibrios, or extreme Liberals, drew off from the Progressistas, and the Union Liberals stood aloof in another corner. On the opposite side the Republicans had attracted the looser elements of the Ministerialist party, and were preparing for a temporary ... junction with the Conservatives. Thefactionu; which had been most active in dethroning the ex- Queen condescended to accept the aid )f her partisans against the approaching; regime. As for the Grandees, who had all the while been crooning in an Upper Chamber by themselves, they would have no more to do with revolutions and pronuncia mentos. Rather than be obliged to join in the welcome of Amadeus I., or to recognise any successor of the devout Isabella, they dissolved their Assembly. By a vote of forty three against half a dozen the Grandeza committed suicide, and Madrid granted it ' the indulgence of burying itself quietly - out of sight. Public interest was absorbed by the Cortes, when three hundred and fifty-six representatives of the Spanish people ' had to be restrained from the revocation of a solemn national act. The avowed opposi tion had increased to a hundred votes, and not more than two hundred could be safely reckoned upon by the Government. That was the precise number which carried the resolution expressing horror at tho outrage on Marshal Prim. Before his death a vote* of confidence in the Government was accepted from a mere section of the Parliament, reckoning a hundred and forty votes. This was the final performance of the party under whose auspices Amadeus has ascended the throne ^of Charles the Pifth. Two days after His Majesty pronounced the diBsolatipa* which terminated the interregnum, and ne cessitated an appeal to the country for con firmation of his loosely-held sovereignty. The death of Prim occasioned a sudden and suspicious change in the demeanour of the Opposition. Its outrageous violence was hushed, and its truculent threats were suc ceeded by an ominous silence. The Cortes was abandoned to the few devoted Minis, terialists, and the streets subsided into a sullen kind of order. The lull after the storm will not, if the King is well advised, betray him into a premature sense of security. Men. who have not hesitated at the most odious and most dangerous part of their work are not likely to be diverted from its completion. Marshal Prim may have been no martyr, because it was not a martyr's cause that he died for ; but he was at least a vicarious victim. For the sin of sovereignty he was struck down, and as the irresistible partisan of Monarchical Government he had to be put out of the way, The pre monitions which were unheeded when no awning of danger opened the mind to them are eloquent after the fact. The stormy discussion on the proposal to dissolve the Cortes predicted bloodshed. Those who had any respect left for the political honour of Spain were thankful that it had not occurred then and there. One Carlist deputy, in repudiating the new monarchy, declared that his party would struggle against it ' in the manner taught them by the men now in power.' The Republicans even could not preserve themselves from the contamination of this swash-buckler patriotism. The fervid and hitherto honourable Castelar anticipated contingencies, which under the circumstances were almost suggestions. He warned the King-elect that ' when he put his foot on Spanish soil he would see tho ghost of the Emperor Maximilian I., and that all the way to Madrid the stones of the road would cry out Viva la MepubUca.' With such men as Castelar these hints may have been nothing more than flourishes of rhetoric ; but there were men of action in. the Cortes who construed them more lite rally. These open threats were not the most formidable symptoms. Marshal Prim gave them a contemptuous hearing from, day to day, and seldom noticed them unless to defy Carlists and Republicans combined to execute them. But there were under ground rumblings which foretold dark work,. The last extremity was being provided for, and Madrid suspected the fact, though it was persistently incredulous. The corre spondence of an English journal, dated only ten days before the assassination, speaks of j 'persons with good information who believe that the Republicans are about to go still further than they have gone in the CorteB or in the Press.' ; The correspondent, adds, 'but 1 can hardly fancy that they will do so, though everything is possible in Spain.' : Altogether apart from its disinclination to be governed at all, Spain would be the most difficult country in Europe to govern. It has consolidated and in many instances aggravated nearly all the fashionable vices of- modern Statecraft. Its finances as in the last stage ef bankruptcy. Its administra tion has reached the lowest depth of cor ruption. Its people remain sunk in the most hopeless ignorance and fanaticism. ItB com merct has been not only ruined but dis graced by an alternation of absolutism and? anarchy.. The country has very little to hope from any Government, and equally little to give for the relief of public diffi- f cnlties. They are pressed down with a taxation from which they derive little* benefit, and which is far from meeting the national obligations and necessities. Th# financier of the Revolution (M. Figuerela), could not wait for his monarchical successor, but made his escape from the Treasury asr soon as the royaL election had lwen accom plished. The cause of his precipitation was a natural reluctance to confess to the Cortes that under his fostering care the deficit had grown to something more than thirteen millions sterling. The humiliating announce ment had afterwards to be made by & pro tern. Minister, who enlivened it with prog nostications of further shortcomings at the close of the current year. Senor Rguerola's estimates of revenue will be very partially realized, and his liberal reforms are rare to be reattacked by the Protective faction. With the reimposition of differential duties on shipping, of a wildly protective tariff, and of oppressive octroi duties, Spain may have to begin again under Amadeus the First Tthere it left off at the expulsion of Qaeen Isabella; — ►-.-?-?-.- 