B88. I was on duty as head-guard of the op north train when what I am about to tell you took place. It happened one wet and stormy autumn evening just about dusk. How well I remember the time ! My journey for the day ma over, and the train was just drawing up to the platform at Park End Station— Park End is a Very busy place now, as I daresay you are aware, aud it was a busy place even then — when 1 heard a sudden sharp cry of ' Man down f ' from some of the porters. The very same moment; as it seemed, my van, which was the tail-end of the train, gave a strange sort of jolt, as though the wheels had been lifted off the metals and had gone over something soft. I turned cold from head to foot, and letting go the handle of my brake, was oat of my van in a couple of seconds. There the poor fellow was, sure enough, lying about a yard away. from the hindmost wheels, a -heap - of ciomes ana orosen oones. in attempting to get out before the tain had come to a eUud-atill, he had slipped down between the carriages and fits platform. One car riage and my heavy brake-ran had gone over him. 1 was the first man that leaped down on to the line to lift him up. We gat him on to the platform as tenderly as wa could ; a ring of porters, guards, «nd passengers formed round us. A couple of lanterns held aloft lighted up the ghastly scene. He whom I held in my arms was a man between 6% and sixty yean old ; hu sandy hair and his sandy beard were fast turning gray. . He had a sharp foxy looking face, like that of a. man keen at a bargain, and well able to take care of his own interests. He was plainly dressed in black and gray, but with a certain stamp about him which chewed that ho was both a gentleman and a man well to do. Poor fellow 1 he was very near his end. He had given utterance, tQ »o cry when he first fell, and one «r .two, low moans were sU that now told hu agony. His lips moved, as though he wanted to speak to me, but only a feint murmur **n)e/rom item. I beat my ear close to his mouth, but even then I oould not make out what lie wanted to say. fie groaned and shut his eyes, and I though he was gone ; bat in a moment or two his eyes opened, aud ?gain he tried to speak, but in vain. Then, for about as long a time as it would take IDfl t/i MHItlf frtii aa.l.i 1.2* mm . kMahfr minn with so expression in it of euch yearning anxiety and terrible despair m I have never '»» since, and hope never to tee again. Then a sudden spasm crossed his face, changing its whole expression ; he flung one arm out quickly, his hwd fell back, and he was dead. A stretcher was brought, on which the »ody was carried to the dead-house of the hospital, there to await the inquest The desd man had no luggage with him, except s small black bag ; but there were papers about him sufficient to prove his identity. His name was Muxle*, and he lived in London. He was a bachelor, and had Camber* in the, temple; and hts busi- ness, as far as I could make out, Beemed a sort of cross between that of » lawyer and a money-lender, Afar the inquest, at which I was called as one of the chief wit naeaes, the body was claimed by the rela tives, and I thought that I had seen and heard the last of Mr. Moxlc* I went about my work as nsoal, but I could not get out of my memory that look of terrible despair which had flashed from toe dead nun's eyes into trine daring the Ust minute oftis life. It haunted me by ^y.anditJuuntedme by night, when I w»«atwQik«d when I was asleep. Do 'bat I would, I -sould not get that ghastly k«, with its strange yearning gaze, out of my mind. Poor w I was, I would have given much to know what it was that Mr. Muxloe was so despairingly anxious to tdl me. : ? [.' . . „ JtJ2% -'' moriiMsiQjiway, ?ni -'mui^u me poor 48*4 gentleman wus often u my thought*, tlwdflulte recovered -ny cheerfutoeas, when fj» «&s;»g«st thing |-»Ppenea to me. I was acting is guard Hist week to^MiS^ifeaOTrB itofcwp. We ™? topped it CUywoods, « station tibput thirty miles north of fark End; I had got outol mj :-4iii *#!&&. ??& «e- ffteriho partment here and there, whom should I see sitting in one of the carriages as -Iain y as ever I saw anything in my life, but the dead man, Mr. lluxloe ! You might have knocked me down with a feather, as the saying is. My blood turned cold to see in his eyes that same strange look of which. I have already spoken. I was a look that went through me, and chilled my heart with horror. How I contrived to give the signal for the train to start, and got back into my van, I never knew; but we had .got half-a-dozen of miles «wsy from Oaywoods before I seemed to come to my proper senses. All that I could do, as soon as I was fit to think more calmly, was to doubt the evi dence of my own eyes. I was an utter 'disbeliever in ghosts or apparitions of any kind. I would not believe that I had seen anything out. of the common way in the present case ;, I chose rather to think that I had been a victim to some freak of my imagination— that Mr. Muxloe had been bo much in my thoughts of late, that I had come at length to believe that I ssw Mr. Muxbe again in the proper person.. I had quite persuaded myself that such must be the case by .the time we drew up at our next station ; still, it was not with out a little shrinking of the nerves that I walked quickly put the carriage where I bad seen the ghost, or whatever it was. There was no ghost there now— and I laughed a little spiteful laugh to myself. In bet, two old ladies had just had the door of the very compartment opened for them, and were being thrust in with their boxes and bundles. I saw the old ladies comfortably seated, and shut the door on them myself; and as I did so, I unthink ingly read off the number of the carriage in which they had taken their places— that number was B 88. There seemed to me a familiar ring about the words B 88, end I kept repeat ing them over to myself after the train was fairly under weigh again, ponding my me mory to think where I had heard them be fore. At hut it all flashed across my mind — B 88 was the number of the carriage from which Mr. Muxloe was in the act of alighting when he missed his footing and fell ! The number had been brought up among other evidence at the inquest, and irai uicre impressed iiseu on my memory. There was something odd about the affair that I didn't half like; perhaps the appa rition was the death-token, and had been sent to warn me. . For the mmiQnflfir of that day my thoughts were far from com fortable. Next day, I was ordered away in charge of a special, and I did not go out any more that week with the 9 a-tn. express, The week following it was my turn to go out with the 9.15 p.m. mail; it. was a train that, as a rule, carried very few passengers. White Ash was one of the stations, and at it we stopped for three minutes to pick up and set- down post-office bags. We wen just on the point of starting again, and 1 had just taken my usual look along the length of the train, to see that everything was secure, when — as you will already have guessed— I was again startled by seeing the ghost of Mr. Muxloe sitting all alone in the middle compartment of a first class carriage. That carriage was the hateful n bc i That light from the roof shone down full and dear on the dead man's face — it ww stony aud expressionless, except for the vivid light in those deep-set eyes, which gated into mine with that same terrible yearning of which I have spoken before, as though it had some dread secret on its mind, and could obtain no rest till it had revealed it to me. I was still looking— breathless, Bpell-bound— *nd 1 seemed to have been looking for minutes instead of seconds, when it slowly uplifted a lean forefinger, and beckoned me to go to it . This was more than I could bear ; I fainted clean away on the platform. When I came to myself, the train had been sent forward in charge of another guard, and I was lying in one of the waiting-rooms, where the station-master aud his daughter bad been doing their best to bring me round. Well, my nerves were so upset, that it was almost a week before I was fit to go on duty again. I had plenty of time, while sitting at home, to turn the whole affair over and over in my mind. . I came to the conclusion that it was very likely I should see Mr. Muxloe again— perhaps often again. But, arguing from all I had heard and read about ghosts, they had no power given them to harm one ; all that they could do was to appear unexpectedly at strange times and places, and so make upshot of it was, that having made up my mind that I should see Mr. Muxloo again, I tried to so nerve myself as to be able to look on him without being overmuch afraid. After I got to work again, you may be mire that £ looked carefully before starting on each jonmey to Bee whether that con founded B 88 formed part of my train. I had got an idea that I should never see Mr. Muxloe except in connection with that particular carriage, and, as the event proved, I was right The first time that I found B 88 made np part of my train, was about five day« after my recovery. There it waa, one morning, when I went on duty, staring at me as brazen as you please. I seemed to pick it out instinctively from all the other carriages. I won't say that my heart didn t flutter a little when I first marked it I kept my eye on it, and was not a little pleased to see a gentleman and his two sons get into it about two minutes before starting. A glance at their ticket* showed me that they had booked through to a point about fifty miles beyond where I gave up charge of the train. Not being able to have the carriage to himself, Mr. Hurioe did not, on that occasion, put in an ap P6&nU;)06* ? * , Two days later, B88 was again included in my train. This time the middle com partment remained unoccupied. From the moment that fact was clear to me, I felt sure that I should nee Mr Muxloe before the end of the journey. Knowing this, yon might, perWjgk -. what need thaw ^f ^I^Ssf ^ ^**Srnla to m&y;^mm& m^m^i came to«st*Dl 'imy feot Beetnod to drag me past it #toft W *fll, -wd then my evos would torn and look whether I wishfed them or not Well, I did »ee Mr. Muxloo serend times before' the end of tha ourney. We stopped at four stations— the train was an express one — and four separate times did I see him. But if 1 had seen him a' thousand times, I felt that I could never become familiar with him — never regard him with anything but a mixed feeling of the.deepest awe and aver sion—a feeling too intense for me to de rnribe to you in any words. He Beemed lo be always on the -look-out for me, and for nobody else. The moment I came in sight of him his. terrible eyes would meet mine, and then my heart would shrink within me, and every nerve in my body would quiver with dread unspeakable. Always, too, he beckoned me with his long lean forefinger —but I took good care never to obey the summons. I don't want to trouble you with too many details. It is enough to say that every time I took out B 88 as a part of my train, and every time the middle compartment was unoccupied, so sure was I to see the ghost of Mr. Muxloe. You see, it was a thing I dared not talk about, for fear the Company should say tbat a man who was in the habit of seeing ghosts waa not fit to be guard of a train, and should Bend me about my business in conse quence. I did, however, talk about tbe ghost once or twice to my wife, and got called a fool for my pains. But what else could a married man expect ? Wives, as a rule, don't like other people to call their husbands fools, but they don't object to make use of that objectionable little word themselves. Well, sir, time went on, and my life almost became a burden to me. I was a haunted man, and I had uo mcauB of getting rid of my tormentor. I went off to bed. I no longer enjoyed my dinners as I used to do. My evening pipe do longer soothed me. 1 began to go more into company, aud to frequent the bar parlour of an evening oftener than was good for me. Yon see, I could not bear theoompaoyof my own thoughts. ' I never liked to sit by myself after dark. Even my sleep was broken, aud disturbed with dreams of tbat terrible ghost It was soon after Mr. Muxloe first began to trouble me in this way that 1 made up my mind to ascertain whether he could be seen by any one besides myself. One day, when he had travelled with me all the way from Park End to the end of my journey, and we had drawn up for the collection of tickets, Bays I to one of the collectors, who had passed hU compartment as though it were empty, and having my eye on the ghost all the time — says I : ' Bill, you have forgotten to collect that old gent's ticket in the middle compartment of B 88.' ' Have I !' says Bill, aud with that he goes back and opens the door of B 88. 'Why, you duffer, the compartment's empty,' says he the next moment, giving the door an extra bang. ' Empty is it ?' Bays I, innocent-like. 'Ah, now I recollect, the old gent got out aX the last station.' But the dread that was upon me deepened when I found that tbe apparition could be seen by no one but myself. ' . Four, or it may be five months had gone by from tbe date: of Mr. Muxloe's death, when my health broke down — so much so, that I was ordered away for a month to my native air. quango oi air ana rest, the doctor said, would probably make a man of me again. I had not given him the least bint as to the real cause of my illness : I was afraid I should only be laughed at for my pains. Well, I went away down north, and there I picked up appetite and strength wonder fully. Mr. 41. never troubled me once ; indeed, I bad not expected he would do so, B 88 being far away from me. So it fell out that by the end of my holiday I had grown almost to be able to laugh at myself as a whimsical fool who had allowed himself to be frightened by a shadow. I £ully made up my mind that rather tbau let myself get into a low nervous way again, I would give up my situation as guard, and set up in some other line of line of life. So the end of my holiday came, and I started back home one cold frosty after noon in early spring-time, looking forward with pleasure to seeing my old woman and the two lads again, and wondering how my mates at the station had been getting on while I had been away. It was eight o'clock; and had long been dark when I reached Carnhoi-e Junction— that is, the junction with our own line, a place eighty miles from Park End. The guard who had charge of tbe train from Camhope was an old mate of mine. For tbe first twenty miles I travelled with him in his brake, and we bad a quiet smoke ? 1 . «V.f tnmtliM. Thon f^nitncr in. dined for a snooze, I left him and got into an empty second-class compartment. Here I wrapped myself well up, and was asleep in tbreo minutes. I must bave slept for about an hour, when I awoke with a start, aud could -not make out for a minute or two where I was. I was still rubbing my eya and looking round with a gape, when I saw something which brought me to my senses with a shock as if I had been sud denly thrust over head in ice-cold wat«r — inside tbe door of tbe carriage in which I was sitting was marked up the fatal num ber B 881 All the feelings end fears which I had flattered myself had vanished for ever came back in a rush as I read over the number to myself in a frightened whisper. The thrmvht that B 88 would form nart of the train in which I should travel back home after my holidays had never entered into my calculations. I had never thought to look at the carriages before getting into the train at Carnhope Junction, and in conse quence of this neglect, a strange fete had led me into the very place of all others where I would least have wished to be. B 98 was a composite carriage— that is to Bay, the middle compartment was » first class one, while the two end compartments were second-class. It was in one of these latter compartments that I was now sit ting. The middle first-class compartment was the one haunted by the ghost of Mr. Muxloe. I hardly know how .to describe to you tile feeling tba' now took possession of me. It was neither more nor .less than an in tense longing to leave the compartment in which I was. sitting and make my way by means of the footboard outside the carriage, as far as tbe window of the next compart meat, then peep in, and see whether the ghost were already thwa^mUing for me. I tried to fight against this insane desire — I did fight Against. H witl\ all ray strength, but in vain. There was some power within me that. I found it impossible to resist. I was like a man walking in his sleep, whose actions are beyond his own control : except that I knew quite well what I was about, and, in all respects but one, was as collected, and as much in mi proper senses, as ever I had been in niy life. I could not stop to argus with myself ; I could not stop to reflect. Tbe impulse tbat was upon me grew stronger with -every moment's delay. I had opened tbe carriage-door, and was out on the foot board, with the cold night- air blowing keenly around me, almost before I knew that I had stirred from my scat. We were going along at a tidy pace — about thirty miles an hour — but I had no fears as to my safety; I had passed along the foot boardB when the trains were at full speed too often for that Very few steps brought me close to the window of tbe midrUe' compartment. The window was open, and I could see every thing as plainly as I can now see you who are sitting beside me. There was only one passenger in the compartment — Mr. Muxloe. Yes ; then he sat, with hie dreadful eyes staring straight into mine— looking bluer, colder, more ghast-like than ever. Then his long lean ( forefinger was slowly, raised, beckoning me to euter. All power of resistance had been taken from me. Slowly I opened the door, and slowly I got inside— never taking my eyes from. off his for a moment — then I shut the door behind me, and sat down opposite to him. The night was a cold one, but I was strong and hearty, and Lad scarcely felt it ; but tbe moment I sat down opposite to the ghost, I became conscious of a coldness far ex ceeding any that I had ever experienced before. I became chilled to the very marrow. The air of the compartment seemed as though it had swept over a thou sand icebergs. My hair seemed to lift, and my whiskers to crisp and tangle, with the intense cold ; aud I found afterwards that my watch had stopped ? at the very, moment of my entering the carriage. I sat down' and waited for what might happen next My companion's band had gone down on to his knee when 1 opened the carriage door. He now sat opposite to me, neither stirring nor .speaking, doing nothing, in fact, but gaze with mournful intensity straight into my very soul. 'The cold grew more extreme, if such a thing were pos sible. A numbness that had begun with my feet was now creeping slowly np my body ; I could feel it -creep and spread little by little, stealing gradu ally upward to my heart, and slowly freezing the life out of me. I had no power to move a muscle ; I sat like a man turned to stone. At length the cold touched my heart, or seemed to do so. A death like £untness crept ovtr me. The light in tbe roof grew dimmer ; the figure opposite me lost its sharpness *f outline, becoming faded and indistinct But through every thing I could feel thoie piercing eyes fixed immovably on mine, till at length life it self seemed to be rubbed slowly and softly out, and I knew nothing more. I knew nothing nore — that is, till I came to my senses in ft dream, and, strange to say, I knew from the first moment that my dream was nothing more' than a dream. I found myself in au old- fashioned, .oak panelled room, which, years .gone by, had' evidently been a state apartment in some. aristocratic mansion., it was now, now ever, furnished in a spare and meagre manner, with a few articles of common place furniture. In the huge fire-place, the sides of which were inlaid with blue and white Dutch tiles, a few dying embers had been raked carefully together. It was night, for the wide window- place was curtained, and the large room was dimly lighted by a couple, of candles, each of them held by a grifiVe claw* in bronze, tbat protruded from die wall, one on each side of tbe chimney-piece. But all these were details that I Beemed to feel rather than to see. My attentiou was &t; once concentrated on the occuptuts of the room — two in number. One of them was a young man about five-atd-twenty years old, with sandy bair and beard, and a keen foxy-looking face — none otlier, in fact, t-.tinn Mr Mnvlfv* iiimfutlF na Iia must, have appeared when a young nan. The other inmate of the room was a man both younger aud handsomer tlan Mr. Muxloe, but he was at that moment lying dead across the heart!), with a ghastly face and wide-staring eyes, and witha ragged wound in his forehead. Close by the dead man lay a heavy riding-whip. Mr. Muxloe was down on one knee, with one hand clasped tightly in the other, garing with a sort of frenzied horror at the terrible piece of work before him. It was a look that has come back to me iu my dreams mauy ft tune since then. ' My friend— the only friend 1 ever had,' 1 heard him mutter, 'ana yet I, of all men, must be his murderer I' He pressed his hands to his eyes, and great sobs shook him. from head to foot1 After a time he grew calmer, and then he rose sadly to hie feet 'There is no help for it,' he said, ' I cannot face the world — I dare not risk the gallows.' He went out, but returned presently with a spade, a pick-axe, aud one or two other implements from the garden. Then he turned back the faded carpet, .and pro ceeded with workmanlike dexterity to take up a portion of the oaken flonring. In the ground thus exposed to, view, he dug a deep and narrow trench,' throwing up the earth on to the boards as he did so. It was a work that took some time, and long before he had done it, great beads of sweat rolled down his haggard face. But they fell unheeded, and he never ceased digging till the hole was to his mind. Then he got out of it, and rested for ft little while. But presently be was ap and ex amining the contents of a dustv old box that lay neglected in one corner of the room. From this box he produced a Blieet of parchment, and, going to s- table ou which stood pen and ink, he proceeded slowly, and with much deliberation, to write oat . a statement, . which, having finished, he signed and dated. Next, from ft cupboard he brought a small tin can ister.; As soon as tbe writing was dry, he folded the parchment, and shut it up in the canister. Next, from the same cupboard, he brought a large travelling cloak, which he proceeded to spread out at the bottom of the trench. Then, but not without some inward shrinking, as I could see, he went up to the body aud raised it in his arms ; but, before placing it in the hole he had dug, he kissed it tenderly on the forehead twice. « 0 Arthur ! 0 my friend,' ho murmured, ' if by the sacrifice «f my life could bring back a smile to those white lips, I swear to heaven that I would gladly die this minute. To tlnuk that I should make a -murderer of myself for any wo man's aa1ce^4eMt of all, for her 1' * In three minutes more the body was in the rude grave that had been dug to receive it, the canister and the riding-whip bad been laid beside it, some folds of the travel ling-cloak bad been thrown over the whole, and Mr. Muxloe, spade in hand, was stand ing with anguished face, gazing bis last on tbe man wbom his fierce passions had blotted so suddenly out of existence. I saw no more. I think it must have been the loud whistling of the engine as we shot into Fell Side tunnel that woke me ,«o suddenly. Anyhow, at this point I did awake, and found myself stiU«itting in the middle compartment of B 88, but with no Mr. Muxloe opposite to , me— I was alone. My, limbs were so numbed and, nt.iflT until nnin ' +Viafr tf\v a fatsr mrtmanfd T seemed to have no use. in them.., Gradually some warmth crept back iuto my veins, and as soon as I felt that my strength and nerve were equal to the task, I made the best of my way back to my own compart ment. We were but five miles from Park End by this time. . A few minutes later I was on the platform with tbe .old woman and tbe youngsters, all shaking me by the hand at once. It is almost worth' one's while to Jeave home. for a time,, just to see bow pleased the missis and the bairns are. to get one back again. I said nothing to anybody about what I had seen and gone through in B 88. I kept it shut up close in my own mind, but I could not help thinking it all over at least twenty times a day. That scene in the oak-pannelled room was so deeply impressed on my memory, that, after all these years, Jl UlU £CUUl CIHJ ICAbUlC Ul »MU ib AIWA happened but yesterday. Had it been a scene in real life/I should doubtless: have half forgotten it years ago; but the sur rounding circumstances were so strange, and out of the common way,.4hat) if I should' live to be a hundred, it would be as fresh in my memory as it was the morn ing after it happened. '. ' A' week came and went without my see ing or bearing anything more of Mr. Muxloe. One evening, as I was going off duty, I was met' and. stopped by a gentler man dressed all in black. ' Can you tell me,' . said he, ?' whether your Company has a guard of thename of Preston in its employ J' ' ? '?? ' My name is John Preston, at your ser vice, sir,' answered 1, ' ? ' ?' ' '' 'Then you are probably the man I want,' Baid he. ' My'jiame k Keppei, and lam a nephew of the; Mr. Moxloe -who was so unfortunately killed at this station about .six months ago.' I was out of England at the time, and was obliged to depend on a brief newspaper report for the details of the occurrence.. I am greatly desirous of having full particulars from some one who. was on the spot at the time, If you be the man I take you for, it was you lifted up my ; .ancle from the spot where he .fell, and it was in your arms #iat he died.' ? ' : 'I am the man you mean, air j and to any information I can give. you, yon are quite welcome.' ' Thetfhere'is my address ; and-if you will come to my house fur an hour thiB evening; ''you shall have no caUee to regret .having obliged me.' I promised to be at hie house by nine p'doCk, arid yrith that we parted. I was there to my time. The house was in the outskirts of the town, and isWod in its own grounds. It was too dark for me to see much of the outside,'but the very mo ment I goot indoors, {.saw Ijhe whole place was very old.. I was admitted by * ser vant, who, after telling me that Mr. Keppel would be down in two or three minutes, threw open a side-door, and showed me into a long, low, old-fashioned xoofe-^-into no other room, in fact, than the oakpan nelled room of mv dream 1 I knew it again in a moment, although it was now furnished very differently, and I sank into a chair all of a tremble. Yes, there was die very oak-panoelling, with its quaint, zig-zag, carved pattern ; there the wide old fireplace, inlaid with bine and white Dutch tiles ; there the huge window-place, in which half- a-dozen couples might have Eat with comfort.' I recognised them all I could' not describe to you the cold, sickening sensation that crept over me as I looked round. Had that gruesome tragedy, seen by me in my dream, ever been really enacted in that room I Did tbe murdered man's bones still lie uncoffined under the boards of that old floor II shuddered like a ingntenea cniia as i pus uiess queswuu to myself. Fortunately, thad time to pull myself together a bit before Mr. Seppel came into the room. JSe was very*feible,and,had the decanters and a co)d {owl brought out before ever he asked me » question. Just thenLl could not eat, but a. stiff tumbler of | braudy-and-water helped, me to get my nerve back again. After that Mx. Keppel began to question me, and I gave him a, ull, true, and particular account of all the circumstances, so far as I knew them, in connection with bis uncle's death. He was greatly interested. But when I had got through everything that he wanted to know, and he had nothing further to ask me, I plucked np heart of grace, and determined to tell, him how Mr. Muxloe had appeared to me -several limes since his death, and of my strange dream in B 88. i. never hv auyuuuy uivro wunuqwu ? than Mr. Keppel washy the time I had finished my story. : For a little while he J seemed almost too overcome to speak. At 1 last he said :— ' If what you say be true— and I have no reason to doubt your words — it apparently points jo one of those stys: teries which seem purposely sent now and J then as if to baffle the utmost exercise of j human reason. This 'house, which .now kai/inina in mn wju fwrlAinlv mv nnch^s property for a great number ot years. Although he lived for the most part in London, he need to come down here for one or two days. almost every month, ostensibly for the «ake of the -excellent fishing with which the neighbourhood abounds. He would never let thfi house, although he might have had tenants by the: score. One old woman liajl tlia . Anln *4iurtfA tflf it whan )ir «U away, and waited upon him when he was j here. There is one fact in connection with j my uncle's residence here which seems in I some measure to bear out the most singuv] lar point of your narrative : this very room I in which we are sitting— in which, accord- j ing to your account, a dreadful tragedy J took place many years ago— was never, so 1 long as I can remember, inade nseof by my I I shuttered ; and ofteuaa I was here during j ; my uncle's life-time, 1 never saw'ioside thfe j door of this worn, till after his death, j Enough, however, for the present. Ttnust have time to think this Btrange «tory of yours carefully over. Come and see me, at eight the evening after to-morrow, if you have no better engagement.' Punctual to tbe time, I was there. I was shown into tbe oak-paunelled room. There I found Mr Keppel, two gentlemen, and Donald the gardener. 'I bave told these two gentlemen, who are particular friends of mine,' said Mr. Keppel, ^ all that you told me the other evening. .' We have consulted together, and have decided, not without hesitation, to in vestigate the matter,. So far as it is in our poweVto do so after eo great a lapse of time. Ai a matter of course, our first step is to ascertain' whether Any one has been buried in' the Way described by you, under ? the flooririg of this room. Donald bere, who is discretion itself, will proceed to maKO xne necessary searcn. lie gooa enough to point out the exact spot, as nearly fas you can remember it, where you saw the ? body pntiiwayi' ' I had no diftciilty in doing this, every thing wai' fixed tJJo clearly in niy memory for thit' So Donald set to work under my directions. I :took joff toy coat, and gare him. a helping hand, while the three gentlemen looked Quietly' on. '., I 'need not trouble you with .fletajhi ?; ' It will ' 'be snffi-' cient to sky that before long to came upon ft skeleton, intermixed 'TOth' 'some frag ments of clothing and 'some rusted jewel lery. Near at hand were the remains of what hadat one time been a riding- whip, loaded with' lead, while bo great, distance away was the rusted tin cauister which I felt certain from the first that we should not fail to find.' * ?'- Mr: Keppel opened tbe canister, and drew from it, a strip of parchment We all «row3eo' round the tablet ' After glanc-. ing through the paper himself, ' he pro ceeded to read aloud what was there writ ten: This is w&at; was written1:— ' ParkJEid,jJfov.9, 18— ;.ll,p^n. , , 'I.John, Muxloe, of tke., Inner Temple^ barrister-at-Iaw. havibtf this tueht'Jdbne a deed which, .if made, public, would, in all probability ..bring ,. me to .tie 'gallows,, hereby, solemnly dejxise to the -truth of the ,? that; time., busy over jay ^aw-books, I was disturbed... by a knock at the frontdoor.. My .servant ^having left me to attend the death-bed ,£|f her. mother, I waaconstrained to open the i^iror'inysplf. ,,The;person who knqcjogdr was my ,fnead, Arthnr Cievedon, the (dearest Jfriend I had ..on earthl . He had his Wing-boots, on, and ; was splashed with, mud! :In one hand, he' carried a, heavy whip. He walked past me without a word of greeting into the..oak- panneUed room, and I followed, -wondering what could possibly.. Jbe the matter, with bim. His first words to me were: 'John Mux loe,. you are .an infernal .villain.!' I was' thnnd^strnck. ' Those are very bari words, Arthur,' I said,.' 'You must be either crazy', or drunk.'. 'Neither one.noi ,the other, pa an swered. '.. '? : ' I repeat , that you are an infernal vil-, hun, andJ-JbavB come here to horsewhip you.', '.' 1 1 laughed^ ^Utfe,8cornfiilly. , 'It is possible, for ; two to play at that game,, dmiffo m^' I Bald. , ,He wai poising his ridiflgiW.bJp in his hand, and his eyes looked as '-if they, would .burn me .through. ' ''Arthur, my. friend,' J said, suddenly softening, 'what is it!— what is the !mean ihg of these hard words ? As true as there is a heaven above'us, I do not under stand you!' ' ?'? ?? 'Liar, and scoundrel, you understand me but too well!' he answered. He then gave vent to' a wild torrent of words, in which he accused me . of 'having surrepti tiously stolen away the affections of a cer tain lady,. whose name need not be men tioned here, I being aware at the same time . that her troth had already been plighted in secret to him. Never was there a. more unfounded accusation ! ' It is true that the lady bad promised to become mine, but — and I swear it here most solemnly — I had not the remotest idei that Arthur Cleyedon had ever been anything more.to her than an ordinary friend.' She had deceived him and hood- winked me, for. what purpose was known to her own false heart alone. Ail this.i tried to tell Arthur, but he would pot hear me. Once again he called me a liar, aud as he did so he lasbed me across tbe bee with' his' whip. , With a cry of rage 1 sprang at his throjit. I know' scarcely' anything of what; followed till I saw him lying dead at my feet, with the blood streaming from a great wound in Us forehead. I had smitten him down jirith his *w'n heavy _whip; I ' 'All this happened 'but one short hour Bgo, but what 'in hour has that 'been to me! and what other terrible hours has the future in store fore for me 1 But I dare not loot iorwara. .ajnoiner ining a aare not do : I dare hot let the world know the j deed I have this night done. My story I would never be believed. They would say I 1 had murdered him : they would hang I me ! No : I must keep my own counsel ; I 1 must lock up the secret for ever in my I own breast I have dug a hole under the j flooring of this room in which to dispose of the body. By its side I shall place this document, so that, in case this night's dark deed should ever be brought to light in time to come, all dispute and inquiry may be obviated. Should it ever be brought to light daring my lifetime,! shall have bnt one resource. I should kill myself. -* O Arthur! dearest friend, that ever man bad, how I ? ? But. I can write no I more for tears, My eyes are blinded,. my heart weeps tears of blood. In that world beyond the grave where til that is dark I !.,»_*. ia «nei-9A jilaaHtP 4*hain .-flaw 'Wm nrlATT perhaps meet again. Then will thy hand. I cusp mine in friendship *s of old — 'only it J will -be a friendship that will last for ever. 1 Thea wilt thon know how innocent I was J of wronging thee in thought, word, or deed. Till that time shall come— Fare- 1 well 1 . John Uuxxpx.'? The reading of tnis strange document illed every one present with horror aud j surprise. It was of course considered a j confirmation of the statement I made to j Mr. Keppel Nothing more was done that night Mr. Koppel said he mnBt have time ' to consider what stops it would be most , advisable to take under such peculiar cir cumstances. The result may be stated in very lew ; words. The bones were taken up, placed in ?. coffin, and interred with His customary solemnities in consecrated ground. Tbe world was never told tbat it had been dis covered whose bones they %««, but I ^thi!AitTio*ttmUkelyUiatMi.Kepr^inad« soine private communication to tbe friends of ,Mr. Clevedon. But be tbat as it may, the affair waa quietly bushed up, and the real facts of the case never spread beyond a very limited circle. I need scarcely add that Mr. Muxloe never troubled me again ; but, on the other hand, Mr. Keppel did not lose sight of .me. Hie has been a, good friend to me in twenty di&erent; ways between then and now. And so ends this full, true, and particu lat account of the only -ghost I ever saw, or wish to see, till tlifr time comes when I shjall be a ghost myself. 