The Darling Downs Gazette TOOWOOMBA, FEBRUARY 18, 1871. SUMMARY FOR EUR0PE. The intercolonial mail steamer Rangoon arrived at niendg on Wednesday evening last, and will probably reach Sydney to-morrow evening or early on Monday morning. The Queensland portion of the English mail may therefore be expected in Bris bane on Wednesday, or, in the event of favourable weather and speedy trips, on Tuesday evening. The outward mail will doee at the Toowoomba office on Tuesday next, and consequently we ahall be deprived of the opportunity of replying to home correepon deuce by return mail. We regret to lean from our telegraphic corres pondeuce that the 'siege of Paris continues,' and that there is little hope of salvation for the unfortu nate city, except at the hands of an earnest and powerful intercessor. The utmost anxiety has been exhibited by our fellow-townsmen respecting the arrival of the incoming mail, as the wannest hnpeB have been entertained by all classes of colonists that the blessing of peace would certainly have been restored to Europe with the new year. The tone of the Prussian Chanoellor appears con siderably less arrogant than in September last, and should he have reduced bis demands, as we are led to hope by the telegram, to an indemnity solely, there is ample ground for the strongest hope that our next mail will be more peaceful The northern line of telegraph is progressing very satisfactorily, and intelligence is anxiously antici pated that arrangements have been concluded in London for faying down a cable from Normanton to Java, so as to bring us into immediate comuiuiu'ca- 1 tion with Europe and America. This line would lie far less costly than the great land line which is uow being constructed by the South Australian Govern ment to meet the cable of the British Australian Telegraph Company at Spencer's Gulf, and would at the same time require a much smaller expenditure for repairs and maintenance. A proposition also j has been made to run the little steamer recently ! built in Sydney for the Queensland Government ' from Cardwell to Java once a fortnight, so as to put os in possession of news from Europe at half -monthly interrals only— twelve days. We fear, however, that the expenses connected with the maintenance of the establishment would be too heavy to justify ' the Government in taking the business into its own ' hands. The political worH is at present particularly quiet, the only movement of the month being the accep tance by Mr Pring of an office of profit under the Crown, namely— the Commission in connection with the gold-fields to which we alluded in our last summary. It was rumoured at first that the honorable gentleman's seat for North Bris bane would be declared vacant in consequence, and two or three gentlemen were mentioned for the va cancy, one of whom wag a member of the Govern- , raent (the Attorney-General), who has not yet succeeded in obtaining a seat in the Legislative ; Assembly. It now appears that there was a little ' difficulty in the matter, and that the 'question of privilege ' cannot be decided upon until the j meeting of Parliament, which, as present arranged, , will take place on the 21st March. A commission ? also has been appointed to inquire into and report I upon all matters connected with the passenger and I goods traffic, both by river and road, between Ipswich | and Brisbane ; the probable expense of completing the Southern aud Western Railway to the latter place in the most economical manner, and as to the possibility of the work, if undertaken, being made ?elf -supporting. It is generally understood that the Government will not offer a very determined oppo sition to any resolution providing for the construc tion of this very important work, and consequently we have good grounds for believing that the time is not very distant when our produce will be taken direct from Toowoomba, Warwick, and Dalby to the ?hipping at Brisbane, The country districts are now busy with the election of trustees, whose duty it will be to assist in the expenditure of monies granted by Parliament for the construction and maintenance of roads and bridges. It has been f re queutly observed that resident settlers could make Government money go a great deal farther if they were permitted a voice in its expenditure, and that I much of the extravaganoe and a power of favoritism J would be avoided. The Minister for works appears to have been ' smitten with the force of the argu ment,'' aud has therefore conceded to the inhabi tants of the various districts throughout the colony the privilege of appointing their own trustees or overseers. Great efforts are being made in the principal towns of the colony to raise a sufficient sum for the establishment of a public memorial of the late Go vernor Blackall. The Government will undertake the duty of erecting a tomb over the grave in the new cemetery, and various suggestions have been made as to the best method of preserving the memory of our dear old friend in the minds of the people. In Brisbane it « proposed to continue the Blackall Prize instituted by the late Governor in connection with the Grammar School, to found scholarships at the Grammar Schools to be competed for in the National Schools, and also to provide for prises in the exhibitions of existing Agricultural Societies. Public opinion in Toowoomba is decidedly in favor -tf the two latter proposals, but opposed to a Brisbane management ; consequently the subscriptions raised in this district will be devoted solely to a local memorial. It was suggested at the public meeting that a drinking fountain would be the most useful and valuable memorial that could be erected by the people of Toowoomba, and there is no doubt that snob, an addition .to our local advantages would be esteemed a great public boon, but the difficulty and expense of providing a constant supply of water in the absenoe of public waterworks was too great to admit of the work being taken in hand by the memorial Committee. It is estimated that about £300 wiU be collected in the Drayton and Too woomba district, and it is proposed to throw open tbe school {riaes to all schools supported by state-aid or try grant* from the public revenue. The. Annual Exhibition of the Drayton and Too woomba Agricultural and Horticultural Society took place on the 26th January, and, although the *aia»jts of grapes and peaches were scarcely up to tlM standard of previous years, there was an excel tant ?tew of grain, cheese, butter, vegetables, p|«af,»ndappl«a. The latter being considered by «t«BfMfc*t jaefeas equal to tin best samples from the ?urthMM mmmtim of England. TtlaWs—sr sIH'mfc at theOJrwit Court was held Mg*£*MjB-*lftJBM Honor Mr Justice Lut **&$***&&. J?* oalairtar was exotwUmjly i^iBTflB^aHI^LM^SiBifeMaitsasrai^sari^ML'' Mm in Coait, wishing to put matters on what he pre sumed to be a right footing, immediately explained as follows: ' She says she was drinking with the Jadn, your Worship.' ' In that csae,-Tadded the Police Magistrate, '.we must not be too severe, 'and tike old lady was discharged from custody with a caution. The weather has been unusually cool for mid summer, and the nights have at times been quite winterly. Occasionally we have been visited with strong squally wiuds, and the rainfall on two or three days was remarkably extraordinary. Referring to a ' soaker' which took place on tho 22nd January, the Brisbane journal says:— The greatest amount of rain was registered on and near the coast, and the quantity diminished as the distance from the sea became greater. Thus at Lytton, the rainfall from Sunday, 9 a.m., to Monday, 9 am, was 700 inches ; at Brisbane, 4 59 inches ; at Goodna, 2 65 inches; at Ipswich, 3-08 inches; at Heliilon, 150 inches j at Toowoomba, L '51 inches; at Dalby, 1-41 inches ; at Condamine, 072 inch ; and at Roma, 0-18 inch. Except at the two last-named places, the rainfall has been unusually heavy even for our climate. During the same period heavy rain also fell at the under-named places :— Cleveland, 372 inches ; Cape Moreton, 4 32 inches ; Caboolture, 10 33 inches ; Keppel Bay, 2-22 inches. The most remarkable registers of the rain guage are at Cabool ture and Lytton, where the amount of raiu appears to have been almost incredible. This is the heaviest rain that has been recorded in any |iart of the colony since March last, when in 24 hours upwards of 8 inches fell in Brisbane on the 8tU ; ami on the litii of the same month, 13 69 inches fell at Mary borough. On the 2nd January last, the day of the Dalby races, a racehorse called Chevalier, engaged in the principal handicaps, was found dead in his stable. Suspicion of font play was of course excited, ami a post mortem examination disclosed the fact that strychnine had been administered hy some cnu-nnlly or dishonest ruffian for the purpose of putting the horse out of the race. A large reward was offered for the purpose of bringing the guilty parties to jus tice, and an informer soon turned up in the shape of a billiard marker who had formerly been euijijoyeil by a publican named Howe. From his statement it appears that a fetlow named ' Tom the Devil' offered to destroy the horse for a consideration, ami j Howe, being the owner of the other horji'S encaged in the handicap, entered into negotiations with the Satanic stable-loafer, the result of xliieh nas that Chevalier was ' put out of the way. ' Howe ami the poisoner have been committed for thai at the next assizes. The annual treat of the Sunday Schools in con nection with the Congregational Church took place on the 2nd Feb. Ihe children, numbering at-out one hundred, assembled at the residence of the superin tendent (Mr C. Cocks), from whence they were marched in procession to the grounds of the Uoyal Agricultural Society, situate a short distance from the town. Owing to the exertions of Mr Cocks the youngsters here found tiiat every provision had been made for their amusement ; swings were liaiig ing from nearly every tree, ami bats ami balls ill nHnmlancu were found for the juvenile cricketers. At 1 p.m. the large and small children sat down to a ' very encouraging' dinner prepared in the grand sUnd by the lady superintendents. The fruits were considered the best of the season, and the stimu lants consisted of a 'ten gallon keg of superior ginger beer,' the gift of Mr M. Omroy. After a satisfactory discussion of the good things provided in the grand stand, play was resumed with consi derable rigour until about 4 o'clock, when the signal was given for tea, and here agaiu the children were indulged in cake, ginger beer, and lollies to tluir hearts' content. In the evening an exhibition of dissolving views was given at the Church in Mar garet-street, and the greater part of the children appeared to be delighted with the entertainment. An aboriginal fight, resulting in the death of one of the combatants, took place on the Highfields road, near the Picnic Hotel, on the night of the 28th of January. It appears a party of aboriginals had been paying a visit to the town ship, when, as usual, they were supplied with an almost unlimited supply of brandy and rum. They were driven out of the town about two p.m., and the fight took place shortly after sunset. The dis turbance was heard by Mr Pentecost and his neigh bours, but they did not attempt to interfere, as the whole party appeared to be in arms. It was noticed, however, that two of them were lying on the ground and cutting each other with knives. After a time the disturbance subsided, and it was then discovered that one of the combatants had been left dead on the ground, the other having been, in all probability, carried away by his friends. An inquest was held on the body at Mr Pentecost's Hotel on Sunday morning, when it was stated by Dr. Roberts that the right arm of the unfortunate fellow had been cut through to the bone, and that he had received another severe stab in the right shoulder. The main arteries of the arm were divided, and death ensued from loss of blood. A young man named Henry Cossart met with a fatal accident on Friday, Feb. 3rd, about two miles from the Highfields Saw-mills. It appears that Cos- sart was engaged in drawing timber to the mill, and while passing through the bush his carriage ran against a tree in such a manner as to check the fur- ther progress of the team. He endeavoured to turn the bullocks so as to clear the carriage and the log, when the tree suddenly fell over the bullocks, and brought him to the ground. Several German tim- ber getters ran to his assistance, but before they could extricate him from beneath the limbs of the tree life was quite extinct. Cossart was only nine- teen years of age, and the son of Mr Henry Cossart, one of the oldest settlers on the Highfields Road. An inquest will be held on the body this (Saturday) morning. A very interesting meeting took place at Clifton head station on Tuesday evening, Feb. 7, the object being the presentation of a silver tea and coffee ser vice to Mr Hugh Passmore. The testimonial, which bore an appropriate inscription, was presented as a token of the high esteem in which Mr Passmore has been held by the proprietor and employees of Clifton station. Oh the night of the 10th instant two saddles, one the property of Wm. Graham, Esq., of Jondaryan, and the other the property of J. M. Simpson, Esq., of Sydney, were stolen from the stables of the Royal Hotel. Information was given to Sergeant Keane on the following evening, and everything was done to discover the perpetrators without avail. Suspi cion attached to a young man who had been groom at the establishment, who went by the name of Harry Wynyard, but who was known to the police as Theodore Attain Kichey, a discharged prisoner. It was ascertained that during tbe night of the robbery Kichey and another young man decamped in a rather mvaterions manner from Mr Rhnehv'n Hotel in Rnaaell-street, where they had been staying for several days, and this strengthened tbe suspicion that they were the guilty parties. On the same night two valuable horses were stolen from Twy dale's paddock, the property of Dr Anderson and Mr Blackiston. All remained a mystery, however, until Saturday last, when a summons from Gayndah for service at one of the banks attracted the Ser geant's attention, the name ' Wynyard' being men tioned in it. The Sergeant at once set to work, and the result is that tbe whole of the stolen property, both hones and saddles, have been recovered by the Gayndah police, notwithstanding that they bad been disposed of by the offenders, who are now comfortably quartered in the Gayndah lockup. We consider this case, taken together with tbe great number of larcenies and other offences prosecuted and detected by the Toowoomba police during the past twelve months1 is creditable to the force gene rally, and we regret that the Commissioner of PoUoe has overlooked the claims of onr indefatigable little sergeant in the appointment of senior-sergeants. These appointments have been oonf erred upon the sergeants of police atSpringnre, fioma, and Dalby, and we understand that the sergeant of the impor tant town of Leybum was asked to take one of the appointments and refused. Perhaps our represen tative will ask an explanation of these apparent ia owMnrtenciM. The Condamine correspondent of the Courier re ports a sad event, which occurred on the 8th Feb ruary, involving the loss of two lives. A Mrs Smith, wife of the overseer at Tieryboo station, was last evening (Saturday) expecting her two sons, aged twelve and seven years old, home to their tea at the usual hour, but as there was no appearance of them she went in search in the bush near where the elder boy was shepherding, and finding the flock he had in charge without any one looking after it, she be came alarmed, and went back to town with the in telligence that the children were lost. A number of young men in the township, and others, immed iately sallied forth, and went in all directions, but without success, or even any clue, until one party came on part of the river bank where the clothes of the two boys were found, leaving no doubt in the minds of those who knew the locality as to their fate. A sandy ridge extended for some dis tance under the water, and it is now supposed that the two boys, who were unable to swim, slipped off the ridge into the deep water and so were drowned. The clothes were discovered about 1 1 o'clock and from that until 2 o'clock a number of young men and lads continued without intermission to dive all about with out success. On Sunday morning drags were used energetically, but before they were employed the body of the youngest rose spontaneously to the sur face of the water, and a couple of hours after the other body rose. The two bodies were interred in the cemetery. The Roma correspondent of the Queensland Time*, writing on the 22ud January, says : — On Sunday Mr. Abrens* Bun-en Hotel narrowly escaped destruction by tire. This was the work of a drunken incendiary, Crefcceur by name, a Dane, from near Altrnia, well-connected and of superior ed ucation. Previously to coming to this colony he had been in a large merchant's office in Batavia ; on his arrival here, be had good introductions, and was en gaged in some capacity or other on one of the sugar plantations on the coast. Afterwards, he was for a month or two storekeeper on Bungeworgorai station ; but, for the last two and a-half -years, he has been loafing about Roma— acting occasionally as book keeper (he is a first-rate accountant) to Mr. Ahrens and Mr. Kaftin. Mr. Ahrens provided him with board aud lodging and gave him an allowance, as did also Mr. Harlin; he was, however, afflicted with dyiisumauia, and uever was sober when he coulil by any possibility get drunk. He was iu his usual etate on Sunday morning, and having been refused more grog by Mr. Ahrens, he told him he would burn his house as Cook's had been burnt. He did hie best to fulfill his threat, eettingfireto one of the beile. Mr. Green, blacksmith, was the tirsttodiscover, ami, with groat and coruiuemlsMe promptituik-, extin guished it, though not without considerable ditfi- ' culty. C'refcajur was giveu iu eUbUxly, and trial at the last assizes held in Ton wooiuba. The evidence in «up]-ort .if the j charge was not considered sufficient to bring home ' the crime to the prisoner, and the jury returned a verdict of not guilty. I TukCokiiVi- informs us that the light tlrignde brought out several skilled workmen and a portion of tfic machinery for the Westhrook meat-curing establishment, Hailing Downs. The men hai'e pro- ! ceeilpii U- their destination to commence operatives immediately. 1 he remainder of the plant necessary for the establishment is expected to arrive by the next oliip from London. A KOOI.1SH fellow named Whitton withdrew £26 from the Brisbane Savings Bank on Saturday, Feb. 4, and then went on the 'spree with a mate.' They visited sundry puUlic-houBee until Whition became drunk and insensible, when he was put to bed. On coming to his senses his friend and money were gone. Mr Clinton, Foreman of Works of the Hoods Department, has (says the Courier) communicated the following to the Superintendent of ltoads and BuiMiiipi :—' Overseer John French has fallen down dead at Uoma on the 17th January, anil this is all I can say at present about this melancholy circum stance ; I should iijjagine it to }ie sunstroke. French was a healthy and nbstemiouB man, always eager to his duty ; through his death you lose a tnietvorthy servant.' This he says in reporting the circum stance to the Superintendent of Roads and Buildings, who also bears testimony to the sterling worth of the deecased, hIio lias bctai many years a servaut of I the public in the capacity of road overseer. This is the second man who has met his death while at work on the public roads uiUiiri a month. The Kjc/d-cm reports the death of a child named ?Sarah Naomi Stephens, through eating trumpet flowers. Dr. Mullen was sent for, and arrived promptly ; but his skill was of no avail, and the i child died Wednesday, Feb. 8. It appears that the Trumpet Flower contains a good deal of poisonous matter ; and this case should cause parents to be carefnl not to leave the flowers iu tbe way of young children. We are indebted to the Cotirirr for a mnv n( Hin nominations for the Brisbane Derby of 1871, and the Brisbane Steeplechase. They arc as follows ? ? For the Derby : Messrs W. Kennedy, W. Scott, L. Uhlle, T. Ivory, -V. Buddie, T. G. Robinson, H. Best, and T. Wallis. For the Steeplechase : Messrs K. Kerr, M. Caiinay, and T. G. Robinson. It was reported in Brisbane on Saturday, Jan. 28, that a man named Martin Egan had been drowned in the river at Oxley. Egan was engaged as a, fnrm laborer, and complained very much of the heat during the early part of Friday. He was met uear the river in the afternoon, when he said, ' It iB too hot to live !' He has never been seen since, aud it is supposed that in a fit of temporary insanity, in duced most likely by the intense hc-at, the unfortu nate man threw himBeif into the river. A child named Andrew Chadwick was drowned on Saturday evening in a waterhole at the One-mile Swamp, South Brisbane. Is is supposed that the little fellow was fishing and fell into the water. The Courier informs us that on Saturday, Jan. 21, information was received of an accident which took place on the 19th instant, resulting in tbe death of a man named M'lntyre, one of a road party work ing at Boggy Creek, two miles south of Landers, on the Gympie-road. U appears that the deceased was felling some timber about 4 o'clock in the afternoon for the work, when a limb of the tree which he was cutting fell, striking him on the right side of his head. Hie comrades ran immediately to his assist ance, but, though they rendered all the aid in their power, the unfortunate man never spoke after the accident, and died about 8 o'clock the same evening. Information was at once sent to the police, and also to the Superintendent of Roads, and a magisterial inquiry will be held. The deceased was understood to be a resident of Brisbane, and was sent up to the road party about two months ago by Mr Long lands. Again we (GympU Times, February 2) have to record the occurrence of a shocking mining accident, which happened on Monday in the prospectors' claim, Warren Hastings Reef, the sufferers being William Garner and William Giles, working miners. The circumstances are as follows : — The two men, who would by this time have finished a contract which they had for sinking in the claim, as they had only eighteen inches in depth to go, were putting a charge of blasting powder into the rock ; they plaoed only a piece of rag on the powder and then used a tamper made of wood and pointed with copper from a penny piece ; an explosion suddenly took place during the tamping operation, very seriously injur ing both the men, who, when brought to the surface, were found to be in a fearful state. They were im mediately conveyed to the hospital and attended to promptly by Drs Byrne and BenBon. Gar ner appears to be the most severely injured j the blast has driven a great many pieces of stone and splinters of the wooden tamping-rod into his face, and when we saw him he was not recognis able ; it is feared that tbe bones of the face are fractured and that the eyes are greatly hurt. His mate, (Giles, also presents a pitiable appearance ; besides tcrioue injuries to his face and eyes, he has sustained deep wounds on his arms and bands, and we noticed that one of his fingers had been blown off. As to the cause at this sad affair, there are different opinions; some think the tamping rod, though not dangerous in itself, must have Ven used in such a way as to cause a loose piece of Rtone to grate against another, and so strike fire and catch some loose powder lying at the mouth of the hole ; others think that the mere friction would fire the powder. Dfi Von Mueller is engaged on a work on the ' Flora of Australia,' and appeals to the public for fiTsintjnfT Ths Courier report* a serious accident, which oc curred on Monday, Feb. 6, to a child belonging to Mr Marshall of Fortitude tyJIey. It appears that a German named Hoffman was driving a dray down the Valley, and tbe child being in the road it was knock down and the wheel passed over it, inflicting a fracture of the skull. Some very good sport was experienced on Wed nesday, Ima. 36 (says tbe Clemirmd Btf Brprm), by Mr P. Tbistlethwayte, Dr. Callaghan, and some others, who succeeded in bagging an alligator. Mr Thistlethwayte, who was standing on the verandah of Dr. GallagBan's cotUge ovarwofcing tbe creek, saw an alligator swim to the opposite bank. Mr Thistl«thwayto and Dr. CaUaghas crossed oner in ? punt and were joined by a nabermas, thsy Managed to crawl within twenty yard, of the aU gatorwitboBt disturbing him, and the ftsbentasn irmedwith * abet can, and Mr TOsthtfewsyte, with a tins, beta find , «h* lattsr hit him last bt- bind tna fora-anm, sod Mm raptib marls* (tot «r toarnwaa into cbs water, tsaring his tail expoatd onthVbMk. Tbe three anrlwan rmsbed stTirf ssingilhtallifntor's sswUaffisndafc, ami taust exciting struggle took place. The saunan toads savageUt ineffective attempts to brte his perse cutors, who courageously stuck to bis tail while others beat him about the head with sticks until he gave up the ghost. When it was ascertained that be was quite dead he was towed across the creek, aud it was found that he measured nearly nine feet in length. A tbleqrah to the Courier, dated CardweUFeb ruary 8, says :— The blacks are mustering at Scott Brothers' station, Vale of Herbert, and threaten to attack tbe station. Our Police Magistrate has been communicated with and solicited for assistance, but Sub- inspector Coward and all the available troopers are absent en route for the Flinders. The blacks have several guns and revolvers amongst them. Soott's station is about thirty miles from Cardwell. A vw.B.t fine portrait of tile late Colonel Blackall, Governor of Queensland, was published as a supple ment to the JUvitrakd Sydney Neat on Saturday, January 14. The Ipswich correspondent of the Courier says : —A Masonic banquet took place at tbe new hall. East-street, on Thursday evening, in honour of a visit from Brother W. F. C. Wilson, R.W. Deputy P.G.M., I.C., who had attended for the purpose of consecrating the lodge-room. The ceremony was performed by the visitor, assisted by Past Masters Robinson, Moffatt, Williams, Sloman, and the W.M. elect Brother Parkinson ; Brother Cox, from Brisbane, officiating as organiat. The installation of officers for the ensuing year was then proceeded with, and resulted as foUowB :— Parkinson, W.M. ; Carroll, S.W. ; Eden, J.W. ; Wriggles, S.D. ; Snringall, J.D. ; Tobins, I.G. ; and £weet, Tyler. The ceremony drew together a large number of brethren. Deputy Wilson addressed them at length upon the priuciples of masonry aud the duties de volving upon each of theni. The ceremonythrough out was must impressive. The company afterwards sat down to a first-class spread provided by Mr Wilkinson, of the Queen's Arms Hotel, and the usual loyal and Masonic toasts having been duly honored, a very convivial evening was spent. A TELEGRAM in the jS. M. Herald, dated Mel bourne, February 1, supplies an excellent remedy for the prevalent disorder of insolvency : —' All in solvents from to-day must pay 7s 6d in the £ before thi-y can get their certincates.' 