THE SIIIPMAN !S CAltD. THERE has been a largo; amount of correspondence .in the Argus, for some days past as to the deviation of the compasses on board of the " Queen of it" the Thames." Captains MCGullum and PERRY having ..aired: themselves as compass adjusters, and; no doubt ....both are veixexcellGnt' nautical ob servers, but we are. prepared vsfill, to back the sun with .one - of Adicin'S compass adjusters' against- either or. both of them. Local- circumstances;' ? or even atmospheric dist'urbances^may from time to time influ.cnce;.compasses,!' and we hold -that a test of- the simple ? character which we indicated; in our ,last,. and .which can ;be;;/used;.,day.by day as regularly: asmaking eight bells" 'by observation,* is -/worth all the adjustment of the best adjuster or adjusters that ever swung a ship. We: by no means say. that. :,the. operation of adjusting compasses;is useless, but fwe. look upon the, evei\\( ready i.methody when far. away* irorn^ tbo.iskill of "the .( human adj uster', as . a. mostexcellent; and - reliable. check . jup'oni that .useful; instrument^ the . .mariner's,:^compass,? which, it has been ? clearly shown, is ?? eccentric . under certain influences and circumstances-even . atmospheric con vulsions of a serious charactcr;.as ,we have repeatedly heard . it remarked that in the height of . a .cyclone ; or typhoon compasses, previously , to be depended upon, had . exhibited- con siderable aberration, and thus, if in the intensity of the disturbance such deviation is apparent, >ve, may natur ally conclude that sympathy in a lesser , degree is experienced under the-vari . ous atmospheric changes which, a ship is exposed to. We trust that our ob'r ject is not misunderstood in thus , ad, Yocating the instrument to. which we have directed attention-we do so,in .the. spirit that we should speak in favorable terms of any invention which might render the inevitably hazardous ; life n.of the sailor less perilous, ' and . with; no intentional disparagement of the professional skill of the gentlemen alluded to. . The'- enquiry into tho loss of tlio ateamor "Auckland" was continued yesterday and further adjouvnod until Friday. The wliolo cvidenco ap peared to show that thero must have been con 'erablo set-in towards tho slioro, and that th« uipassea exhibited considerable doviation, tho combined effects of which caused the cslamity. ; The concert at the Orderly-room on Monday evening, 'for the benefit of Mr. Parte, was not a success as far as attendance was concerned, as few would for the sake of pleasure turn on; into the elemental hurly-burly of such a night, and as the attendance was sparse, and the weather out side tempestuous, the Emerald Hill Artillery band played a few airs, aud Madamo Thoreso (Mrs. Parlies) gave a ballad, and tho concort was postponed, it being intimated that tho tickets of tlioso present, aud others would bo available on Monday evening fortnight. A subject of some importance will come boforo tho Borough Couucilof Emorald Hill at its next meeting, (Monday night) as -Cr. Saudilands .will, in torms'of Section 128 and 243 Boroughs';. Statute 33, Tie. No. 350, submit a resolution for. borrowing a sum of £25,000 ou the security of a special ralo in accordance with tho provisions of. tho obovo statute; Should the resolution bo, agreed to, soino largo works of improvement: . will be carried out in tho borough ; it is, liovv-. ever, a subject of cousidorablo importance, aud should be gone about with a full regard to the:, responsibility incurred; ???.-. 5. ui j>..;.;<? .s\Te: understand that it is -proposed to'bring; out a nowspapoivin tlio interests of;' thojEriendly Societies, more.especially the Oddfellows, and' 110 doubt thero must bo a sufficiency of special.topici 'in connection with the various ' Orders .to! reader, such a publication valuablo to those . institutions, and gonerally popular, . , " >. [ ' " iTho writs for. the new election will i(be issued ion,- Juno 22nd, and probably the elections will "tako''placb ;about tho Gth or 8th of July. ,t It is; . believed' that Dulhousic,1 Portland; andaG-eelong i.westj only:will .bo contested, and : tho lOther, con-. \- stitucncies will be walked over for. , The "Parlia ment wa? last night adjournod till July'25th. , . i-'.*5Dlio'-mayor of-Melbourne-lias itwould seom, dotdrmined to amend our ways iirtho' city; and is/ endeavoring, to bring.the observance of;." thorulc of the road" into use on our footpaths; iand thus ' ^prevent much of what is popularly described iasV " jostling," or by'whatcvor name tlioso unpleasant.' 'and irritating personal collisions on the sidewalks ? are known,-by keeping the right-hand sido of the footway. .>;: Why the, sea rule of;port;. liolin"i is adhered to . instead of . tho shoro'.-going,f oho'of: always driving'on tho; left-hand > sidewc:do-not know; suflicit'it .is so written1 in the:odiet.'/0!':' : . The youth of Ihei. Hill . are, ;wo . find, i in.t tho habit of indulging, in a-most pornicious.aiid-_dcs trncl-ivo practicc, by scooping out largo .holes" in > . tlio sid'owalks for the purposo of playing marbles. This in dry weather, forms an unpleasant: pitfall,; rendering a:sprained, ankle-, not .ans improbable. event, and in wot weather- getting,full of< water is additionally dangerous and inconvenient; Suroly this might bo'stopped' by tlio authorities, as tlio burgesses dojiot pay > for tlio'formation of sidewalks .- as ,play-ground for'children- andtrudo-, boys _ i ? ; Tlio neighborhood of -Emerald , :Hill;ihas'i-;;for ; somo time: past suffered from small,depredations in the stealing'of ducks, pigeons, &c.;,-and afror sonio careful watching, two young culprits namod' ?Payno and Durninghavo boon arrested and sen-'> tenced to two and three years respectively ,in the Reformatory.""- Wo trust parents gonerally will '? tabu-'' this into ^consideration, and- oxerciso such .'supervision^ovor. theirchildren as will prevent' theiri 'occupying; similar positions- to *tho .'lads alluded to above, for thero is no doubt.;this pur ,ticu)ar two_ were not the only boys pu'rsuing: the samo nefarious course. ; v -T.. . A few days since, an apprentice t on boards the Moravian" named Odgers J fell overboard from a boat'along.'side the" Star of India'.Wid. was drowned. -. Somo statements woro ..made,, to tho \- ellect that tlie deeease'd was under tlio influeuco of liquor at:tho time, but" this has been most iemphatically'donicd by his companion in tlio; boat with him. HILL Exninnxow.-^Yesterday oven . ing, i Mr.' Horsley gavo ? a performance on tlio jorgan,'which thOiadvertisemeuta stylo recitals " whjvrceitals .?. and, of coursc, lie got somo-good musioout of tho.vory splondid instrument. Wo? conceive .'it would1 bo good . policy to lower tho .prico of- admission toward tho period for closing, and thus moot'tlio means ofall, for really this is a kind'of'- collcotiou -which all-classes -and ages should pay-a visit to, scoing-thero is much to . admiro-^to icmnlato and givo^.i'iso to - thought,? information, and iinpro.vemont. An outortainmenfc was given on Tuesday.ovon ing, at the Town Hall, Sandridgo, which was wo understand for tho benefit of tho widow'andjfamily of tho Into Corporal-Aloximdor, and was gcnoVally a success; Tlio affair originated, wo learn,-with Mrs. Gardiner|;wlio accoinpaniod (on: tho piano) tho various vocalists.- We aro not ablo to: furnish any statement as to what' extent tlio -bereaved; family will bo bonofittod, us wo did not knoto any committee or :othor : persons to apply to for in formation ; wo shall, -however, -be:- happy' to givo publicicity to'tho bulunco-shoot if it is forwarded ? -to. us. . I 1 : ::Wo soo that tho Emerald Hill Amateur Christy Minstrels aro about. making an; ell'ort on behalf of tlio .Emorald Hill Bonoyolout Society' in u I grand burnt-cork ^cntertainmonb - at-tlio Ordorly room on: Afonday noxt. ' Tho' programme ' om bruces somo good things in song, sentimental and comic, and the .furcos inoidoutally introduced will" no doubt from tho east bo what ? is technically termed screamers; Tlio ond and purposo of the. all'air will no doubt go far to inlist tho sym pathies of tho community, and with favorable weather thero will doubtlessly bo a ^good- atteu dancc. . ' , v ? Tho atteutiou of our"- readers is dirootod to an ? advortisemont in another column, announcing tho privato, quadrille assembly of tlio Southorn - Select Privato Quadrille Club, which takes pluco" in tho Sandridgo Town Hall, ou Friday evening,-' Juno 30th. Judging from tho admirablo man ner former assemblies of this club hayo boon car ried out, thero will bo a large aUcmhnce. . s-'s A sad caso lias como to light lately at jN~una wading, noav Oakleigli, illustrative of the fact that we have amongst lis n large leaven of ignor ance and credulity as against the intelligence of which wo boast. A man named Fisher has it scorns for jsomo years past been giTing himself, out to a section of the community as tho Mes siah ! and tlieso wretched persona liavo accepted him as such, and liavo paid him tho homago, res pect and affection they would have douo had our Saviour himself , re-appenrod. He appears to have' deluded and practised upon them very consider ably, and although one of his hedupod followers,, having) shakou off his , blind infatuation, has denounced him and givou publicity to his impious deceptions, tho others, " his apostles," as lie terms them, still1 cling to' him, and he continues his atrocious, impious fraud.. He was before tho Pakleigh court on axliargo of obtaining money under false pretences from one of his "disciples" 'iamcd Wilson, and the case was remanded till next Saturday, when it is hoped that nn examplo j will be made of , tho scamp. Like tho Mormons, J10 seeks to introduce plurality of wires, and is, "sve lea;'!!, at present cohabiting with throe sisters, rdaughtcrs of ono of .his apostles; '--Surely such ; monstrous; Buch, unnatural; demoralisation- should ;bo put a stop to, to say nothing.of the impious' '.imposition/- ,0 ^ % Wo .understand- that; a fow days'since' ono of itliose disgraces .to; humanity,'a; prize-fight;,- was arranged ^for" in. tho -locality of the ;JLTill, tlic" ^police, however, -under Sergeant 'Ellis kept such. ia look-out that tho pleasant littlomeotihg'of 'the. (" fancy"'did not como off-and stands postponed [sine die. . ? ? . . , ,r...-j. The Church of'England 'Messenger, and t-lio . '.Church Ferns, both, we' should supposo 'iWm't-heiiv :respcctive names, .having ui:c&uucotioii;'witli tho .church, allthough we cannot say , as they are;not ;.anioiigst our exchanges- have been having a gird at ono another, and liavo- used such expressions: 'to each other, as withSut "police interference" iprcvents must result in," pistols for twoiand* cof-: -.fee for one" some fino morning in gall and;.worin twood or somo other scrubs.' \\. The Messenger, a: 'sort of church militant - dovo of ? peace, says : >" Lending articles aro wo know, scarce with the t Church News ; but is it quite according to jour nalistic propriety to fill up their places with ad '.vertisemcnts of their o.wn paper? '"When wo \- rend their second paragraph," wo fully expected at every moment to como upon tho familiar ud oiioiiition, f Look ou-tho Hags.' Tlioro.aro some good thing?; however, in tho body of the paper. :;Umler tho heading of'Thoughts for Quiet Hours,' :wo .read' tho judicious advice-' You,must not slop to kick °at every cur which barks at'you as you pass along.' "We arc touched by'the simple, ?manliness of this quiet musing,'and would liko :'to suggest to the editor, fora companion medita tion-' You must not .stop to bark ato. stronger - in the street, if you db not wish'to ,bo kicked.'"; JYYe take it here are all tho ingredients of a'pleas aiitj gentlemauly caso of.cowluding on cither side -with ,bowie-knives and Derringers 111 the dis 'lance-lli:it is if it i3 not a case of " onei being afraid and the other daresn't." . - . ;: Tim N]!W MINISTIIY.-At two o'clock on Mon day.alternoon tho following gontleuien were duly ; sworii-iii. as cabinetministersMr. Ciias. Giivan Duffy, Chief Secretary ; Mr. J. M. Grant, Minis ter- ot Lands Mr. G-raliiim Uorryj 'Treasurer land Commissioner of Customs ; Mr. Howard -Sponsloy, Solicitor-General j Mr. O'Grady, Mini3 : ter of .Public Works j 'Mr. Longmore, Minister of Hallways and Roads j and Mr. M'Lel'.an, 'Minister of Mines: . . ? ; . i; FOOTBALL.-1The Albert Park ant South Yarra Clubs will try conclusions on Saturday next oil ;tlie South Yarra Club's ground. .As both sides "are pretty ovenly matchcd, a keen contpst.is cx ipscted. Wo iiro glad to learn that some of our old jplaycrs, who, it was feared, had deserted from' the ranks of fooballers, have returned to (lie scene of their former triumphs, notably, Williams, M'Doimld, and Mitchell; The pre sence of these gentlemen will materially strengthen: the Albert Park Club's at," present rather weak ;team, and if Cheasell, tho Club's former captain, ami Conway, who resides on Emerald-Hill and .plays with tho Carlton Qlub, were both to play with tho local club, nothing uiorb would bo required to make it, as of old, ono of the strong est in the colony. - The Committee of tho Albert l'-irk Club will moot this evening at tho National' iSehool: for . the .purpose of selectiug a team for -Saturday's match. The names will- appear in the daily papers ou Eriday and Saturday. :'s. We hear, that "agiiost" lias been seen on Emorald Hiil, somewhere abont uho Is elson-road, |'at uu early hour' of; tho; morning; and, singular ienongh the St. Kilda Advertiser lias a talo of a hobgoblin" in tho locality ot Gardiner, wliotlier "they aro identical, we do not know, but wo "sincerely trust; that this unmeaning. attempt at imposition,:which:may havo most sorious effects will incet with its'reward';' nud wo would suggost that somo of those 'disturbed by tho " gliost" should endeavor to exoroizo it, or lay it by tho (aid of aii ash plant or .riding .-whip,--or, even, per ihaps a lew No. 'A shot, properly distributed, might bring tho night wanderor to his or lier sonscs. .Somambulism is vory well in Opora; . but, oren in " Amiua's " eiiso, her poril is imminent, but iu real lifo tho cool air of the morning, if only arrayed iu night toilet, would; bo_ sufficient to bring any sloop walker to his or her senses. It is a inost foolish and dangerous prank to at tempt!, and, unloss abandoned, may lead to sori ous results in moro ways than 0110, and tho reck less practical joker, or schemer for ulterior pur poses, may'learn this: fact to his cost, as any por«on will bo fully justifies in tosting tho mate rial or spiritual chaructor, of tho ghost; and tho la'iv is rather sovero on this kin of " fuu." ; Tho result of the election-for the Contral Pro vince was in favor of Mv. Miohio, by a, largo majority-Miv Miohie polling 128G, and Sir. iEuroou-t", 8G2. Tho Emorald Hill booth polled j 80 for .'.ir. JiUeliie andv55 for, Mr. Harcourt; in Sa'ndrk!fs,; Mr. Mibhio^hnd 2-1 supporters," aud; Mr. Hurcoui't 31..»'"-;i ' ,\ 