THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. Citv Council. — The notice paper of the meeting which is to take place on Monday, 19th, is to hand, and indicates that there is a good deal to occupy the attention of our municipal dignitaries. About £3,000 re- quire authority for payment irom tne town fund, the toll funds, and tho 4:00, 000 loan. Tho following tenders will he recommended for acceptance : those of Mr. Tlios. Coriey, £300; Messrs. L. Brailsford and Co., £574 18s 4d j Mr. Thos. Gnynor, £190 14s 2d, and £405 53. There are about a dozen orders of tho day on the reports of the Hoalth Com mittee, which are of considerable importance, showing that we are likely to improve our sanitary regulations. ' The total, amount of rates collected for the, year 1870 is set down as £35,554. , Cautions. — : A' .considerable amount of speculation was.rife' amongst persons travel- linrr on fVir linn nf f:Tin \T nn/1 TT "R United Railway .Company, owing to the unusual caution displayed by tho officials in examining tho passengers tickets during yesterday. In a general .way tho tickets are asked to bo shown by persons travelling to Windsor, prior to the start, and then again either at, Prahran, or on . arriving at Windsor. , Yesterday, however, a sight of the pasteboard was demandod. at Richmond, and tho why and the whoroforo was asked by not a few, who looked upon snoh an arrangement as somewhat peculiar. Opinions were hazarded that some person or persons were travelling on the strength of monthly or longer period tickots, to which they had no legal claim, and that the officials were uuuig bucir ubinuou t>u ouuueaaiiujy a game of "grab." From enquiries .made in the proper quarter, wo learnt that such was not the case, the only satisfaction in the way of elucidation which we could obtain being the information that an order for a vigilant scrutiny had been issuod by tho board of directors, and .certainly tho order was carried out most manfully. Whilst on this subject wo .may perhaps hazard an opinion that not the , least', good can result from grumbling on tbe part oi the passengers, some of whom are apt to make by no moans pleasant remarks, to the officials, whose dis agreeable duty is. in no way lightened by. the spirit of banter to, which thoy are subjootod unfairly. Thoy have their duty to perform, willy-nilly, and should bo aided rather- than retarded in that ' work. If the public feel very spiteful, cannot thoy vent , their spleen on tho directory 1 . . , i A CornerStone.— On Monday'afternoon next, at a quarter past three o'clock, tlio laying of the corner stone of the transept of St. Phillip's Church, CoUingwood— which was deferred a month since through the in clemency of the .weather — will tako place. The Bishop of Melbourne will lay the stone, and it is hoped that there will.be a good attendance of- both the clergy and laity to witness tho proceedings. . Returning Officer.— Tho Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to appoint IT. B. Lane, Esq., P.M., Belfast, to be Returning Officer, for tho electoral district of Villiers and- Heytes- bury, in the room, of John Mason, Esq;, re signed. '- " ; Scalded to Deitii. — Mr. Candler, tho district coroner, hold an inquest on tho 15th inst, at Yqring, on' the body of. Samuel Hamer- Hyne, wheu the following . evidence was takon : — Frances Hyne, the wife of Henry Hyne, deposed, that the deceased was her Bori, and aged seven, years! -i Qn Monday the 12th inst., betweM: 9-ond lO;;a;m.,' the ' deceased, was crawling- on the floor .whilst witness' i was , removing - o 1 .kettle- of water from ,,-thp .fire.,- - The .kettle : was capsized, and the , hot , water. ; sploshed over the child, scalding him on the arm, shoulder, neck, face, and forehead. No one was in, .tlie houee but .witness and her 'ohiidreh/- A noighbour was sent for, and \- went at bnfcd. I'Dr. Elinek was also sent for, and attended .tho1 deceased," who .died on. tho':14th in'btij.': -Margaret Favagei' deposed Ito going to" Mrs,1- Hynea';' and" to seeing her applying oil to nomo acalda on tho deceased. Tho kettle and hot water were on tho floor, and the clothes' of the -deceased were steam- , ing. ThedeoonWihliad been n healthy 'child. The instrnetions of-the doctor wero properly oarried out: Witness b'olioVcd tho Child died from tho. effects of. tho scalds. A. vordiot was returned by tho jury that, tho deceased died from the ''effects' of severe scalds, acci dentally rocoivod. Arrest of1If.ru' Bandiiann.— This no torious tragedian' does not seem to have cast his lot in' pleasimt places since his return to America, iis immediately after his engage ment id Sail Ftaneiico ho' was arrested for a : liability that ho appears to have shirked on his departure for Mclbourno from Londou. Says a 'local joilrr.aliu San Francisco;— " This morning (24th April, 1S71), .Daniel E. Bandmnun, the tragediau, intended to start for Virginia City to play an engagement at Piper's Opora-honse. At about half- past 7 o'olook he was arrested, as he stood on the side walk, in front of tho Cosmopolitan hotel, superintending tho loading of a carriage ivith tho trunks containing his own and his wife's costumes. Tho sheriff presented him with a document sotting forth, that lie, Daniel E. Baudmnnii, being about to leavo tho stato witli intent to defraud a creditor, must consider himself a prisoner. Tho writ of in: c.vai was obtained on tho suit of Shoridnn Corbyn, who claims to liavo judgment against him in Her Ma jesty's Court of Commou Pleas, Westminster, England, for services rendered him in his capacity as theatrical agent." The papers further allude to it as a shabby attempt to be rid of a " legitimate liability," as under his own sign manual he gavo a written agree ment to pay a certain per oentago on all en- gagciueuta rauuu uuuu m uvimuu uiui eu.s provinces, through tho instrumentality of Sir. Corbyn, who obtained judgment, but could not oxcoute it at tho time, tho defen dant having left for Australia. In the mean while, by a process of law, ho has been allowed to leave San Francisco. Stockvard Creek. — Wo believe that the lion, the Solicitor-General is in communica tion with tho pblioo department as to tho best accommodation obtainable for tho hold ing of courts of petty sessions at the' Stock yard Creek goldliolds. We mentioned some days since that a building for the use of the police was being erected at that place, and probably when it ' is completed courts of petty sessions may be lielil therein until such tuna as a propor courthouse is built. . Government . Water Supflv. — An. . opi nion has beeu gaining ground that the report being prepared by Colonel Sankey, on .the works connected ivitk, tho system of Govern ment Water Supply, would be ready for presentation to the Government in the course of a day or two. Wo, arc in a position to state that there is no probability of the said report being completed at least for six or seven weeks, if even then, as the question, at issue is of far too great importanco to admit, of any-, thing like hasto in coming to a decided opinion in a matter of such moment. Departmental Changes,; — Wo noticed some days sinco that owing to Mr Stoaven- eon filling the joint offices of Secretary of Victorian Railways, and Assistant Com missioner of Roads and Bridges, it was in tended, for tho readier means of carrying nut the duties apportaiuing to those appointments, to transfer the offices of tho Heads aud Bridges departmont from Collins-street east to those of the Commissioner of Railways at tho Spencer-street railway station. Before this chango can bo made certain altera tions at tho latter offices ore rendered necessary. Wo believe wo are correct in stating that the room at present occupied by Mr. Hewitt, of tho Railway departmont, will bo takon possession of by. Mr. I.abci toucho, of tho Roads and Bridges. The room adjoining will bo enlarged for tbe accommodation of the engineers connected with tho department of Roads aud Bridges, and a new room built for the use of the registering clerks of tho name branch of tho Government service. The lease of the pre mises in Collins street, which has recently been taken from month to month, has been npflnnfa/l nn fn flm 1 cf. rlntr Af A 11 til eh nn.vfc' at which time the contemplated change will, in all probability, be carried out. The Immigration Depot. — During to-day tbe dopot in Latrobe-street has been the sceno of much animation,' owing '- to the number of fresh arrivals per Star of India, who wero waiting until such time n9 their services might be engaged, or their friends put in an appoarauco to benr them off, to fresli fields and pastures new. Snob of the immigrants as camo out under the bounty Warrant system were in the majority' of coses soon claimed by their friends, who gave tbe new-oomers a warm and hearty welcome. During the day the ladies' com mittee was actively engaged distributing to the immigrants the various articles made by thern during tho voyage, and those iucludcd dresses, unaer- linen, patchwork, stockings, crotchet, knitting, Sc., tho quality of the work being pronounced excellent. . We were given to understand that Mrs. Reid, tho lady under whoso oaro the females wero umitig iuu uaiiiuu viib AK'L onerous duties in the most satisfactory and creditable manner ; and the behaviour of the immigrants was reported to us as having been oxcellent. There are in the depot awaiting engagements 17 females, including 7 general servants, 2 cooks, 5 housemaids, 1 nurse, and 2 farm servants. "Wo were in formed that one amongst them is a proficient linguist and skilful musician, and whose other attainments render her well qualified to fill the position of a governess. . A Sad Cask. — Many residents, of Mel bourne will remember Senior-Constable Slat- tery, one of tho. tallest and most efficient officers in the police force, who has done duty in town for a number of years. Within the last iew aays ne nas nau ro oe reraoveu ro the ' Yarra Bend Asylum as a dangerous lunatic. ' ' Dispensaries. — The Friendly Dispensary Committeo held a meeting last evening. The number of members of various orders that have decidod upbn joining the Dispensary is 714.- It was resolved that tho Dispensary open on tho second Monday iii September. Boat Race <on the Yarua.— On Monday afternoon a gig raca: will take place on the Upper Yarra,' from tho Botanical Bridge to Edwards' boathouso. Tho combatants arc tho Wesley College against the Church of England Grammar School. Tho contest will, wo believe, bo a most exciting one. The Melbourne Hounds. — After all, we beliove tho Melbourne hounds (iro not to leavo Melbourne, Mr. Wilson, of the Wim- mora, wo- are informed, having purchased them for a hew olab. There are twenty couples of dogs in' the present lot, and ten counles which are. we Believe, to he r.ur- ohased from Mr. Blbxsidge, of Mordialloc. These together will make tho orthodox number of fifty- two dogs, with a- few to spare, which will form a glorious pack. Next Saturday, we aro told, is the first day of hunting under the new regime, and a good day's sport may be expected. A Lesson for Larrikins.—- At tbe Rich mond Police Office to-day, two larrikins, named George Matthews and 'Frank Selby, were charged with assaulting Robert Kelly on Saturday evening last. ' It will bo remcm- bsred that, nn Warinpcrlav n vnnfch named George Wilson was sentenced' to a month's imprisonment, for being one of n number of young ruffianB who attacked Mr. Kelly as he was proceeding along the-stroot. Matthews and Selby wero siboc aTrested for being of the delinquents. ' The former was sentenced to one month's inoarceration. aud, as there was a previous conviction recorded against Selby, ho was ordered 'to1 be imprisoned :for two months.-- ' " V 8top Thief'!"— -About noon to-day some excitement was; occasioned in '-Bridge-road, Richmond, espeoialiy among small boys, by tho cry. of " Stop thief!" which _ was raised alter a couple of fnoitivo larrikins. Sergeant" Eioho and Constable Neoson joined in the chase, whiohiWaa .'boingr piirsued byt about sixty boys and p, few grown up persons.; The sergeant displ'ayod by far . tlie groatest ; lielitncsn of fQpt,,s'.without;muoh,, apparent; effort bo soon- out-dis tapced . all tho other partakers in tho"'chaso.';,.?;-,iAitor a long-sand ci ratio pursuit, nhd scrtjtoliing niul tearing his hands rather sovcroly, ho snccoodcd in capturing, puo .of thc . fugitives, and aafoly 'lodging nim In tlie look-up. It appeared that too youth, in compnny with his friend, had stolen, or attempted to Btonl, somo drapery goods from tho shop of Mr. Hughes, Bridge- road. ' The Mechanics' Institute;— -A meeting 0f I the members of the Melbourne Mechanics' Institution, will bo held next week, to autho rise the raising and expenditure of tho smn of £5500, for tho building of tho proposod hall, Ac., such sum to bo raised by deben tures or a mortgage, the property of the in stitution' in either case being mado liable for the same. Sevou sets of competitive designs for_ the proposed ball, &e.;, havo boon sent in ; they wilt bo on- view, (to mcmbora only) on Monday, Tuesday, and Woduosday next. Gaol Returns. — Tlio touowmg is trio stato of II. M. Gaol, Molbourno, for;tho week end ing 17th .Tuno : — For trial boforo Supromo Court; 9 males ; 1 female. On remand, 17 : males ; 9 females. Hard labor, 1G2 ma'os ; 147 females. Imprisonment, G2 males ; 2G fcnialos. Lunatics, 1 male; 1 femalo. In default of bail, 20 males ; 4 fomalea. Total, 271 males ; 188 fctnnlos ; in all 459. Received into the gaol during tho week, Gl males ; 21 females. Total, 82. Discharged for tho same period, 46 males ; 1G fomalcs. Total, 02- Criminal Sessions. — The 15th of noxt month was tho day appointed upon which to commence the business of tho criminal sittings of tho Supromo Court, but as that day falls on a Saturday, tho court will not be oponod until tho following Monday, 17th July. The employees of Messrs. Buckley and A.MIJIU) UIUJJUIO, JJeJUL tWOllI UUK, UlUll jrvji veu.rj evening for tho purpose of presenting Mr. 1'. H..Nuun with an address and testimonial, prior to .his departure by the mail stoamer to-morrow, on a visit to Europe. Tho testi monial consisted of a veiy handsome colonial gold chain, manufactured by Mr. MacBain, jeweller, Collins-street west. It beam tlio following inscription on tho cross-ki y, " Presented to P. H. Nunn, Esq, by tne employees of Mossrs. Buckley and Nunn, June lGth, 1871." Mr. Nunn acknowledged tho compliment in a fow appropriate sen tences, and the proceedings olosed. The Princess Opera House. — There can bo little doubt that if tho _ Melbourne public do not bo more liberal in their pa- tronagooi grana opera, u, wuuiu uu au uolui sheer folly for any capitalist or company to enter into a speculation of such magnitude as a now opera honso. It is true that full bouses cannot be expected every evening, but' at tbe same time a fair amount of sup port should bo extended to an undertaking that goes' so far to educate and rofino young Victorians, who have not had as yob the op portunity' of hearing tho great singors of tho present day, who are performing in tho old world. Last cvouing "La Traviata" was repeated, and, in plain English, to a miserable house, so far as numbovs were concerned. Tlio new tenor, Signor Zennari, wo like better than whoa wo first beardliim, biit he is still, we think, rather, nervous, which, doubtless, ho will in time got over. Signora Rosavallo nnd Signor Coliva are more at homo in their respective characters, but Violetta. To-night wo aro to. havo "Norma" with the Zenoni as the great Priestess- Me. IIarwood'm Benefit. — The largo audience that assembled last evening at the Theatre Royal on tho occasion of Mr. Har- wood's benefit, must be a gratifying proof to that gentleman of tho popularity that ho enjoys With tlio public of this city. Long before tbe doors wore opened thoro wore hundreds of people in front of tho house,- and soon aftorwards tho auditorium was full in every part. Tho entertainment ' com menced with the " Spitalfields Weaver," in which Mr. George Coppin and Mr. J. 11. Howe played tho respective parts of Sim mons and Brown, Botlllv gentlemen were exceedingly good, and received tho applause of tho audience. "The Flying Scud" followed ; and. wo must _aav, with a very strong oast. Tho benoficiaire played Mo. Davis, and his appearance was the signal for loud applouao. Nat Gosling fell to tho lot of Mr. Milno ; and, in justice to that gentleman, his make-up, we must say, was tho best wo havo scon of tho clover old jockey. Tho Kate Ridcout, of .Miss Julia Edonin, was very pleasing, nnd tho samo may lo said of Miss Juno's Jutia Latimer. Mr. Roberts" was very careful as Lord Wood- bio. Mr. Ilarwood, in response to a loud call, came forward, aud thanked tho audi- cnoo for the kindness ho and his partners had reccivod at their hands during the time that they hold tho reins of the Tliealve Royal. This evening, . Jilr. Geo. Coppin will re commence his work of management, and tbe programme will bo repeated. The Grand Duchess in the Provinces.— Wo aro informed that it is tho intention of that enterprising impressario, Mr." W.' S. Lyster, to re- organiso his English Opera Company for a tour . through tho provinces, and possibly, tho neighboring colonies. The eomnanv will consist of Miss Alice Mav (Mrs. G. B. Allen), MisB Lambert, Mrs. J. II. Fox, Miss Winston, and Messrs. Armes Beaumont, Charles Laseolles, J. E. Kitts, H. ' Hallam, T. Rainford, and Johnson, witli Mr. G. B. Allen as conductor. Thoy will com mence in a week or" two, it is said, at tlio Ballarot Theatre, ' St. Georoe's Hall. — This . evening St. George's Hall is to be opened onco more for ' ' nigger " business, a. capital company of minstrels having been gathered together by Mr. Frank Hussoy, . who has . the manage ment of tbe troupe, amongst whom are Campbell, Gordon, . Montague, Romor, Collins, Max Marotzic, Smith, and other favorites. Mr. Uarcourt Leo will take bis f.Jin iitnim Rnnn« vow nrnf-.fcv snnira are in tho programme, which also includes the " Ghost in a Pawnshop," and tho whim- sical item of " A Party named Johnson.", Con siderable care has been taken to make tho performances aB enjoyable ns possible, a fact which should not bo, forgotten by such as have not mado up their minds as to whioli place of amusement thoy purposo extending their patronage to to-night. Waxworks Exhibition. — Tho exhibition of waxen "celebrities congregated in Mr. Kreit-. mayor's establishment, ..Bourko'streob east, has been very fairly patronised daring , tho past week, and great satisfaction has been felt by tho visitors at tho vory- large and. excellent collection offered for inspectmu.- Tho figures of - the Princess Louise and the Marquis 'of Lorno havo attracted very general observation, and tho opinion passed upon them was.tjhat thoy and their originals wcr$ ; as like as two poas. i ; " . ' : B— JL.- II 