TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. australian associated press telegrams. .(Fi-om Uie S.M. Herald.) MELBOURNE. .'>> '- - 'Wednesday, Ootobor l'S". , The Government havo consontod to remit tlio duties ' collected undor Mr. Francis's turiff on articles made froo" by Mr. Berry's turiff.— The Government havo placed £10,000 on tlio Estimates to give work to tlio unemployed.— In tlio Assombly', the reply of tlio Government to Lord1 Kimberloy's dosnntcli was read ; it is an cnlurgomcnt of the decision of tho Conforonco on the Bubjcet;— Darwont's inlarcst in tho steumors Goorong and Aldinga was sold to-day for £7600 Messrs. M'Mcakon and Biaekwrood aro the purohasora, — Flour sold at auotion at £12 10s, ; karoiona is stondy at Is 10id. ; oats aro oasior ; oandlos, 10. j currants, 54. ; rock salt, (£G 10s.— Messrs. K. Golds- borough aud Co roport: — "Our wool solos this day passed off with groat spirit- ;' | every.;, lot was sold. Flceoo, cold water washed, l5d. to 20)d. ; greasy, 13| . All the Rivorina wool. 1401 balqs, was sold." — Dalma- hoy Campbell and Oo. report 1200 hoad of oattlo were yurded ; tho market ruled 10s. to 12s. pot: head under lust weak V prime beof, 20s. por 100 lbs. 18,000 sheop were entorod, wlilcU sold us olihrly udvunnod ratos : best, wothors, ,12s.- to :13s.; boat owes, 10s. tolls. — Messrs. Bowers, Rutherford, and Co. roport that 19,000 sheep and lambs wero yurdod ; tho market is firm. 'Xhoy sold 3000 Rivurino shoop : wethers, 12s. Gd.; owes, 10a. Od. ; also at Eoliuea, 8000 wothors, iu wool, lit 7s. 3d. 1200 euttlo' woro or.terod ; Bales dull ; prioo lOs. jowor. 'Thoy. Bold Suttor's, from tlio Luohlan, 280 bullookB, at anavorugo of £7 7b.; cows, £5 14s. 100 bullooks from Rivorina, at £7. \ ADELAIDE., . .. : Wednesday. . "Wheat is firm at. 4s. 5s'.; no transactions, buyers holding off. J i.; " ; MELBOURNE,; ... . ; Thursday, October 13.- ThoTSarl ofBolmoro loft for Tasmania to-day in the stcuiner Drrwin. In tho AsBcmbly the' now Mining Bill wub roitd a booond time ; the Sir Francis ' Murphy Ponsion Bill has alio bcotyeud a second timo, but in oommittoo Ineets with eonsidorablo opposition. In the Council thoro was a long debate on tho soooncl reading of the Railway Bili, A rule nisi has besn granted' to scqupstrato the astatn of Rosonton, who bolted to F(ji with £7000 worth of goods. Tho flour UlUI'ilCb Is tlupivooutls Oaloo Ittivu (akau .plnoo ab £12' 10s; whent, 5s 9d to 6s 'lOd ; oats,' 3s 3d to 3s' 6d; maize, 3s 9(1 ; kerosene sold at Is 10)(l ; there is moro inquiry for hops : teas a sbado_bettor j sugars eontinuo dull. - " School op Aims.— Tho announcement for to-night pf operatic solootiom from two such .works as Offen bach's Grand Duchesse und Verdi's ronowned hrnani, will wo trust, for tlio orodit of Rookhumpton, moot with tho patronage it deserves, as wo can answer for the music, which is suporb, as well as for tho way in whioli it. will be sung. Wo cun confidently i-ecom- inond our rcudors to tuko advantage of perhaps tlio first and. last opportunity thoy may over havo of hearing such/compositions, and ilono justico to in Northern Queensland at loast. In conolusion, wo would also obsorvo thut MiBs Itosina's benefit oomcs off to-morrow evening, nnd, although wo have not as yot received the programme, . we feel confident it will ; bo. a vary choice and varied one, and feel it is only nscessary to remind tho public, with whom sho is so groat a favor ite, that thoy will liuve an opportunity showing their appreciation of tier powersjn a substantial manner. Tiieatiie Royal. — Owing to tho vory inauspicious stato of the weuthor, Mr. Onroy has decided upon postponing his benefit for a few days, during which timo the thentro will bo olosod, to enable tho manage ment to effeot somo noceesary moohaniual alterations conueotad with tho stago. Railways. — The marked aversion our Government sIiovvb to tho oxtousion of tho rail in Queensland, is by no moans stiarod by the Govornmonts of tlio sister colonios. Victoria is gradually covering 'horsolf with a net work of rails, South Australia, in comparison with hor revenue, borrowing fur more largnly for tho same purposo,- while 'Now South Wales is gradually uwakoniug to tho fact that tho development of her re sources and hor progress, oap only bo insured by com peting witli Iter neighbours, wlioso linos will tap her outlying districts and draw off hor produce to thoir own murkots. So alive aro the New Zealnnders to the advantages of rail oommaiiioationB, that thoy nro about having lines oonstrueted at tho cost of some four mil; lions of. money, por cont. boing guarantoed'on tho. outlay. We shall yot be eompoUod to follow suit—, oach year will shew us tho nooessity of doing so ; and wo maintain, that of ull tho colonies, Northern Queens land stands- most in need of inland oommuoioatton . Droughts in tho sister colonies aro novor so scvoro as they are with us, and there are fow roads in the dryost . seasons that aro not traversable from scarcity of feed and water; whereas, out-droughts wliiohgonorally extend over half tho year aud are of frcquont oaourrouue, not only look up thb ; oountiiy, by destroying the herbage, ' tii'ut our imotive-pnwiir,' that is bulloek- power, or horse power-perishes — a oontingonoy.whiah novor befalls our Now 8outh wnlos or! Victorian /neighbours, whoso .droughts novor- last 'long onough .to stop locomotion, aiid'are'iibvor severe, onough to - destroy wholo toams ' bydonridirig tho oountry of feed; : Northern. Queens land will never progress atany'npproeiublo paoo, unloss oithor 'railroads or tramroads are established. .: Comb , they must eoonor or later ; biit what wo complain of is that, while other parts of tho grcut continent of Australia is going aboad, wo shall bo toiling at a snail's pace. If wo cannot get railronds, lot us gat truinrouds, and substitute tho living for tlio iron horse. In Bpoaking of the advantages of tramroads, Mr. Bonnoy, tho lato superintendent of railways in South Australia, referring to horse railways, says " In practice tho actual cost of transit on- tho I'ort Wake field line is considerably less than Id. per ton por mile, not taking into iiooount the coBb of management. Six horses with three attondanta havo takon sovonty tons the wholo distunco in ono day. Rookoning 2s a day ns tho cost of oaoh horse, and Gs a day as tho cost of - oaoh men; the total cost of' transporting tho seventy tons twenty-nine milos 'would bo only 30s., boing loss than onorfurthing per ton por milo. It may thoroforo bo assumed Id pet ton por mile would pay all ex- ponsos, oxoept maintenance and iritorest on capital Btook;" ' . ' SournERN Logic.— 1 "Looking at tho Revonuo .Re turns," says the Courier, " there is rpom for congratu lation," and this assertion, witli nduiirablo logio, is. supported upon - tho grounds, that trado has stood the strain of additional taxation, and has responded to tho oall made upon it. This modo of reasoning would lead to tho supposition that trade lias cxpundod, that its profits havo strengthened in proportion to tho strain put upon thorn, yot, wo nro told, that tho inoi-oaso of. tlio Customs Revenue lias arisen " less from tho in- oronio of trade than from tho additional duties upon tho trado done" — ruthar a curious reason for eangra- , lation wo submit — arid wo can't exactly boo bow in- crossed taxation nnd a non-inoronse of trado osn be put forward nB a matter for congratulation, noithor ' oan wo boo how rocoipti dorivnbla i'rom ndditional tor- ntion upon a population wbieli is not increasing, jua. Kj® tify any suoli a conclusion. Somo of our Southern ' conlomporary's doduotions aro eorlainly vory eomieai li/L if not iiistriiotiyo. . k/j| A Fubsu Start. — Wo notico that tho old si- 'I.;.;;-' tablishod sporting journal Sell's Life iu Syduoy, after a chequerod oxistoneo of somo sovon and Iwauty I years, was upon the point of giving up tlio ghost- bom a want of tlio " circulating medium," when N Nh, Cunningham nnd Co., tho woll known printers, stKgjgl in, and bocamo t.ho puroliseors of the copyright JjKnd ' plant for a mora nominal sum. To say that a lorgo , city, numbering with its Buburbp some 200,000 pcoplo, jj'jjfl a great portion ot whom aro of that olnss and calling ' wbieli rondors a publication such as Sell's Life almost Ibiij indisponsuble, cannot: support a paper of this sort— is |;?i simply an absurdity. Racing men and brooders of , !|-|| atook must rcoogniso tlio absolute necesaity for a jour- .fej iml of the kind wholly dovotod to such mattora. Tho -fei numbers of racing men and horse breeders alone must bo very considerable in both Now South Wulos and |ti' Viotoria,. nnd as thoy aro specially interested in per- ' iij formiinces, pedigrees, nnd everything connected with - || tho T'urf, wo should havo imtiginod llial thoir support - / || alono would havo been moro thnn suflloient. to kcepsucha . t' publication upon its legs. Scarcoly any oivilisod portion , f - fi of tlio vast continent of Australia but contains a copy a1 -L3 of Sell's Life ,. and , wo aro Btrongly of opinion tho , \ ijjj doouy of such a popular journal must bo attributed to \ bnd maiiagcmont or other oausoB moro oasily eoneoivod than described. Howovor tho papor has now got into (Ji tho hands of practical men, nnd .its fut uro will, wo . r.'i ,, . . r ,1(1 - i . . 'At proaicc, Dear out our opinions; xuu ,-u-v jjiugiana / :- Times, a journal born in Glon Innos, has, after a wosry J in . oxistoneo, diod n nntural (tenth. Tlio disaaso was, wo J believe, of au old type, of which there nro many cases. . 1'armamkntauy AmenIties. — Tlio Victorian Par- , j j-- liamont seems to vie with other colonial assemblies in / the elegant and olioico opithotB in voguo amongst its | '!' members. As uh instance, wo givo tho following from a Melbourne journul : — "In tlio dobuto on tho ' !£ f. Ituilway Extension Dili in tlio Legislative Assembly of tlint colony the ex-Treasurer, Mr. Frnneis, oniled : I S " tho prosont Colonial Troasttror, Mr. Berry, a liar, nnd .v;„ » ;- told tho latter that if ho ropoutod the statoment that f; --: tlio Tate Govornmcnt had allowed eortain monies to ' S it: lio idlo in tho bank, ho (Mr. Francis) would not bo . 5 fa ubla to keep himself from committing personal vio- , k ionee. Tho somowlmt unparlinmontary oxprossion 4 't- was afterwards withdrawn, in deforonco to tho ruling . I: . of tho Speaker, and tho dobato procoodod.." This is _ t' < ono of tho results of that boon, ResponBiblo Govern- i ' ment, which, liko tlio shirt of Nossus, may doetroy the K \j rscipiont. Tho ability to govern is not lonrnt in a ' ' k- ' day — it is as much a business as that of tho mcr- jp - ohunt, stock-brokor, or banker. Mon in England t i ; undergo, in the Colonial Oilioo, a long system of train- - k j ing in tlio various brunches of fiscal, tbcoroticcl, and fl ; j practical statesmanship ; their lives aro devoted to the 'J acquiroinont of the necessary information to fit them | : for coionial work, and from tho vast amount of col- . --- lntod ovidonco, contained in tho nccumulation of B tlio various colouinl dispatolios which passes in i roviaw boforo thorn, tboy are enabled to draw 1 just conclusions ns to our requiroinonts, and ' ; tito bost modo of administering to tliom. Wo : oould forgive tlio oxliibition of Billingsgate for . ' !- which ail our Colonial Parliaments nro so romurkablo, - k if our legislators lr.ado up for their vulgarity by any v £ show of ubility ; but tho fact is, a fight wns nmdo for ( t> tho possession of tlio "carcaso" of the rovonuo, which : I wns roliiiquished to us by the Imperial authorities, j® and from the first hour wo got it into our hands, tho i | h vultures havo olustorcd round it fattening on it ever | p since. It- has boon tho only means of livelihood to ' || our ministors, nny of whom — liko somo of our ' Rookhumpton officials— would tako command of 5 1 tho Obannol Fleet to- morrow without hesitation, so ; H long as' the pay was guaranteed. What has Respon- || siblo Govern mon t dono for us ? but to -load ub with B dobts, and provido billots for tho supporters of tho g .different .ministors, at tho country's expanso. Tho colony is ruled ' by sucking legislators, who ore ignorant of tlio first principles of political economy, as is abundantly provod by tlie rosult. Victoria, al though a mino of wealth in herself, and the most favorod botli by position, olimato and weulth of other colonies, has by hor insane mismanageme&Kf; her rovonuo boon compelled to fly to protect ioi.'wr. help, or what iB ' tantamount to it, - viz., -hnr 20 per i cent, ad caforem,. whilo Now. South Wales is groan ing undor a debt, 4ho Interest of which sho findB nl- ready to bo oxceadingly omborrassing from the non- | olnsticity of her revenuo, and wo aro mortgaged up to | : tho head and ears to.provide .railways to tho different S 'j properties of tho Darling Downs supporters of formor | i . ministries. Tho fuct iB, wo canto into the poBscsBion of our property boforo wo know tho value of money, or ; | how to spend it; and our objugatory parliamentary j lunguago is one of. the peculiarities of our youthful | follies. - Experience may inond matters, but thon ox- | perionco may bo paid for too doarly. i Messrs. Meikle and Stewart;— Tho obovo firm. 1 have, wo observe foliowod suit in tho oxamplo sot 7 thorn by moBt of our leading tradesmen in considerably ' enlarging their .premisos by tho addition of tho adjoin- - ! | ing building' lately forming part of Messrs. Heed's grocery Btores. 'Tho general expansion in this lino which has taken placo during tho last six months is iridicativo of an incroaso in trado, and hardly endorsos tho cry -.of the stagnation of bueinoss that meots tho sar 'at ovory turn and corner, to whioli, so far as Messrs Muiklo and Stewart nro concerned, a praotical refutation is given iu tho en largement of thoir promises, a compulsory moyo wo should think on tiioir part, as want of light and Bpsco provonted their large and variod stook from shewing to advantage. . Cnunon ov England. — It is tho intention wo bo- . | lieve of tho ohuroh authorities and 'leading members of : P tbo congregation to hold a toa mooting at tho Sohool.of - f Arts, to be followed by a grand amateur concert, which K will bo givoq for trio purpose of collecting funds suffi- . if- cient to comploto tbo building of tbo parsonage house, £ at -prosont in an unfinished stato, and it is to bo hoped Sfc tliat tlio project will rocoivo the besrty and unanimous Ig support of all thoso connected with the church. It is SV; certainly the duty of u olorgyraun's parishioners to eeo fi tlmt ho is boused doeontly und raspootably — tboy owo ll tliis much to tbomsolves — and tho creed they profess I' to follow. Too much indifi'eronoo has alroady besn I sltcwn, witli the exception of somo fow of our leading fc ohurchmon, upon all mutters connooted with tho f ohuroh. If wo wislt a olorgyman of a superior stamp to como amongst us, wo must mako thorn comfortable at least, and offer somo tomptation beyond the satis faction oi doing his duty, particularly when tho artiolo is romarkably scurco, and ho can do his duty in per haps muoh plousunter- plaocs. The town should be canvassed for at least a fortnight boforo tho entertain ment is given, and tiokots issued at a figure commen- suruto with tho peoples moans. A Bargain. — Tho wreck of tho brigantino Lone Star wus disposed of by Mossrs. Wormald nnd Curtis nt their RooniB, Donhnm- streot, on Saturday last, for fi: the Sinn of £45, the purchaser boing Captain Ikin of K the Annie of Hobarton. Tboro was littlo or no com-' p; petition, thoro boing but ono other bidder at tho sale, fi; and from tho faot that tho coBfc of rocovoring hor Ki would not havo ropaid any ono but a purohasor in Capt. K| Ikin's position, he having to pass cloeo to whore she is ly- R ; ing, as wo bavo been told quito snug end comfortable, on - R: his course to Bird Island, to which ho is bound fora 0/ ourgo of guano. Tho wrcob, according to report by i j; thoso who know somotbing of tho mattor, is woll worth Sic from £200 to £300. -. . ..' ;;|fj The Coooanut.— Wo understand tbnt Gspt.Neill f of tlie schooi-.ur 1'rinccss Alexandra, now in port, stated that on hiB rocent trip from Townsville to Hris- bane, he obtainod from a sblitary coooanut tree grow if ing with groat vigor on Long Island, Whitsunday - ' Passage, over two dozen oocoanuts, which ho took to .. Brisbuno. Tho discovery of tho treo was msdo by' ' \ soma of his crew whom ho had sent ashoro for wat;&, , Thoro was but one troo, and tho supposed explanatica of its existence on Long Island is, that it is the pro- " . / - duoo of. a cocoauut whioli was woshod ashore from tho SouLli Sou Islands. It' is very ovident that from j Rookhampton Northwards, tropioal produco, similar to , j that grown in tho Polynesian groups, would prospor ;x , as both soil and olimute aro admirably saitod for suoh : a purposo. I . Tns Suez Mail.— Tho English mail, via Suez, was duo at King Georgo's Sound on Thursday last, but up , to our going .to prosB this morning no intelligence had bcon received of tho .arrival of tho branch mnil- stSkier at Adolaido. If tho mail stoamor has not onaoU-Cftpi-1 . . any of tho bad wouther now provalont on onrTr1..„,r. V wo mny look for tho tologram' in tho courso of tho day. Should tlio nows arrive, we wil , publish an extraor dinary for our town subscribers. RaineXll. — Wo nro iudebtod to tlio Rov. Mr. Carson for tlio following account of tho rainfall up to 8 a.m. . yesterday :— On Friday iright to 8 a.m. Saturday, '09 ; -j£ from 8 a.m. Saturday to 8 a.m. Sunday, -06 ; from 8 a.m. Sunday to 8 p.m., -46 | total, 1 15. /'! 