UNCLE SILAS: A TALE OF BARTRAM'HAUGH. CHAPTER XLVIII.—{Continued) QUESTION AND ANSWEB. Bv J. S. LB FANtf, Author of "Wyldcr'B nmifl," "The IIOUBC bytUcChurchyard," &c.; &c.; " Back again, like a bad halfpenny, ye see. And how a' ye bin ever since, lass ? Purely, I warrant, be your looks. I'm jolly glad to see ye, I em; no cattle going like ye, Maud." " I think I must ask you to let go my hand, as I can't continue my work," I said, very stiffly, hoping to chill his enthusiasm a little. " Anything to please yo, Maud, 'taint in my heart to refuse yo iiout. I a" bin to •Wolverhampton, lass—-jolly row there—and run 'over to Leamington; a'most broke my neck, faith, wi' a borrowed liorse, nrter the dogs; yo would na care, Mnud, if I broke my neck, would ye ? Well 'appen, jest ft little," he good-nnturedly supplied, as I was silent. " Little over a week since I left hero, by George; and to mo it's half the almanac like ; •an yo guess the reason, Maud ?" " Have you seen your sister Milly, or your father, since your return ?" I asked coldly, " They'll keep, Maud, never mind ,cm ; it be you I want to seo,—it be you I wor thinking on a' the time I tell yo, I'm all'ays a thinkin' on ye." " I think you ought to go and see your father ; you have been away, you say, some time. I don't think it is respectful," I said, a little sharply. " If ye bid me go I'd a'most go, but I could na quite, there's nout- on earth I would na do for you, Maud, except a leaving of you," he said. " And that," I said, with a petulant flush, ,, is the only thing on earth I would ask you to do." "Blessed if you baint a blushin', Maud," he drawled out, with a most odious grin. His stupidity was proof against everything. "It is too bad!" I muttered, with an indignant little pat of my foot and mimic stamp. " Well you lasses be queer caltle; ye're angry wi' mo now, cos ye think I got into mischicf—ye do, Maud, ye know't yo buxsom little fool, down there at Wolverhampton ; and jest for that ye'ro ready to turn me off again the minute I come back; now it isn't fair." " I don't understand you, sir ; and I beg that you'll leave me." " Now, didn't I tell ye about leaving ye, Maud ? 'tis the only thing that I can't compass for yer sake. I'm jest a child in yero hands, I am, ye know. I can lick a big fellah to pot, as limp as a rag, by George!"— {his oaths were not really so mild)—" ye see eummat o' that the t'other day. Well don't be vexed, Maud, 'twas all along o' you; ye know, I wor a bit jealous, ,appen ; but anyhow I can do it; and look at me here, jest a child, in yer hands." " I wish you'd go away. Have you nothing to do, and no one to see ? Why can't yon leave me alone ?" " 'Cos I can't, Maud that's jest why; and I wonder, Maud, how can you be so ill-natured when you gee me like this; how can ye?" " I wish Milly would come," 6aid I peevishly, looking toward the door "Well, I'll tell you how it is, Maud. I may as well have it out. I like you better than any lass that ever I saw, o deal; yon'ro nicer by chalks ; there's none like ye—there isn't and I wish you'd have me. I ha'nt much tin —father's run through a deal, he's pretty well up a tree, ye know ; but though I baint so rich as some folk, I'm a better man, 'appen; and if ye'd take a tidy lad, that likes ye awful, and 'id die for your sake, why here he is." " What can you mean, sir ?" I exclaimed, rising in indignant bewilderment. " I mean, Maud will ye marry me, you'll never ha' cause to complain ; I'll never let ye want for iiout, nor gi'e ye a wry word." " Actually a proposal!" I ejaculated, liko a person speaking in a dream. I stood with my hand on the back of a chair, staring at Dudley, and looking, I dare Gay, as stupified as I felt. " There's a good lass, ye would na deny me," said the odious creature, with one knee on the seat of the chair behind which I was standing, and attempting to place his arm lovingly round my neck. This effectually roused me, and starting back, I stamped upon the ground with actual fury. " What has there ever been, sir, in my conduct to warrant this unparalleled audacity ? But that you are as stupid as you are impertinent, brutal, and ugly, you must, long ago, sir, have seen how I dislike you. How dare you, sir ? Don't presume" to obstruct me; I'm going to my uncle." I had never spoken so violently to mortal before. He in turn looked a little confounded ; and I passed his extended, but motionless arm with a qrick and angry step. He followed me a pace or two, however, before I reached the door, looking horridly angry, but stopped, and only swore after me some of those " wry words" which I was never to have heard. I was myself, however, too much incensed, and moving at too rapid a pace, to catch their import; and I hod blocked at my uncle's door before I began to collect my thoughts. " Come in," roplied my uncle's voice, clear, thin, and peevish. I entered and confronted him. " Yonr son, sir, has insulted me." He looked at mo with a cold curiosity steadily for <v few seconds, as I stood panting before him with flaming cheeks, "Insulted you ?" repeated he. "Egad, you surprise me." The ejaculation savoured of " the old man" to borrow his scriptural phrase, more than anything I had heard from him before. " Ron ?" he continued; "how has Dudley intuited you, my dear child?. Come you're excited; sit down; take time, and tell me all about it. I did not know that Dudley was • iero." ." I—he—it is au insult. He knew very ' well—he must know I dislike him; and ho presumed lo make a proposal of marriago to me," . . • • " O—o—oh J" exclaimed my uncle, with a prolonged intonation, which plainly said, is ihat'the mighty matter ? He looked at me as he leaned back with the same steady curiosity, this time smiling, which somehow frightened me, and his countenance looked to mo wicked, like the face of a witch, with a guilt I could not understand. " And that is the amount of your complaint. He made you a formal proposal of marriage !" " Yes; he proposed for me." As I cooled, I began to feel just a very littlo disconcerted, and a suspicion was troubling me that possibly an indifferent person might thiuk that, having no more to complain of, my language was perhaps a little exaggerated, and my demeanour a littlo too tempestuous. My unclc, I dare say, saw some symptoms of this misgiving, for, smiling still, ho said— " My doar Maud, however just, you app jar to me a little cruel; you don't seem to rememhow much you are yourself to blame; you have one faithful friend at least, whom I advise your consulting—I mean your lookingglass. The foolish fellow is young, quite ignol-ant in the world's ways. Ho is in love —desperately enamoured— Aimer e'est craindro, ct crnludrc c'rst soulfrtr. And suffering prompts to desperate remedies. We must not bo too hard on a rough but romantic young fool, who talks according to his folly and his pain." CHAPTER XLIX, AN APPARITION. " But, after all," he suddenly resumed, as if a new thought had struck him, " is it quite such folly, after all ? It really strikes me, doar Maud, that the subject may be worth a second thought. No, no, you won't refuse to hear me," ho said, observing mo on the point of protesting- " I am, of course, assuming that you are fancy free. I am assuming, too, "that you don't care twopence about Dudley, and oven that you fancy you dislike him. You know in that pleasant play, poor Sheridan— delightful fellow 1—all our finespirits nro dead —he makes Mrs. Malaprop say there is nothing like beginning with a lutlo aversion. Now, though in matrimony, of course, there is only a joke, yet in love, believe me, it is no such thing. His own marriage with Miss Ogle, I /mow, was a case in point. She oxpressed a positive horror of him at their first acquaintance ; and yet, I believe, she would, a few months later, have died rather than not have married him." I was again about to speak, but with a smile he bcckoncd me into silence. " There are two or throe points you must bear in mind. One of the happiest privileges of your fortune is that you may, without imprudence, marry simply for love. There are few men in England who could offer you an estate comparable with that you already possess; or, in fact, appreciably increase tlio splendour of your fortune. If, therefore, he were ill all other respects eligible, I can't see that his poverty would be an objection to weigh for one moment. He is quite a rough diamond. He has been, liko many young men of the highest rank, too much given up to athletic sports—to that society which constitutes the aristocracy of the ring and the turf, and all that kind of thing. You see, I am putting all the worst points first. But I have known so many young men in my day, after a madcap career of a few years among prizefighters, wrestlers, and jockeys—learning their slang and affecting their manners—take up and cultivate the graces and the decencies. There was poor dear Newgate, many degrees lower in that kind of frolic, who, when he grew tired of it, became one of the most elegant and accomplished men in the House of Peers. Poor Newgate, he's gone, too ! I could reckon up fifty of my early friends who all began like Dudley, and all turned out, more or less, like Newgate." At this moment came a knock at the door, and Dudley put in his head most inopportunely for the vision of his future graces and accomplishments. " My good fellow," said his father, with a sharp sort of playfulness, " I happen to bo talking about my son, and should rather not be overheard; you will, therefore, choose another time for your visit." Dudley hesitated gruffly at the door, but another look from his father dismissed him. " And now, my dear, you are to remember that Dudley has fine qualities—the most affectionate son in his rough way that ever father was blessed with; most admirable qualities—indomitable courage, and a high sense of honour : and lastly, that ho has the Ruthyn blood—the purest blood, I maintain it, in England." My uncle, as he said this, drew himself up a little, unconsciously, his thin hand laid lightly over his heart with a littlo patting motion, and his countenance looked so strangely dignified and melancholy, that in admiring contemplation of it I lost somo sentences which followed next. " Therefore, dear, naturally anxious that my boy should not be dismissed from home—as he mnst be, should you persevere in rejecting his suit—I beg that you will reserve your decision to this day fortnight, when I will with much pleasure hear what you may have to say on the subject. But till then, observe me, not a word." That evening he and Dudley were closeted for a long time. I suspected that he lectured him on the psychology of ladies ; for a bouquet was laid beside my plate every morning at breakfast, which it must have been troublesome to get, for the conservatory at Bartram was a desert. In a few days more an anonymous green parrot arrived, in a gilt cage, with a little note in a clerk's hand, addressed to " Miss Ruthyn (of Khowl), Bartram-Haugh," &c.; It contained only " Directions for caring green parrot," at the close of which, underlined, the words appeared—" The bird's name is Maud." The bouquets I invariably left on the tablecloth, where I found them—the bird I insisted on Milly's keeping as her property. During the intervening fortnight Dudley never appeared, as he used sometimes to do before, at luncheon, nor looked in at the window as we were at breakfast. Ho contented himself with one day placing himsolf in my way in the hall in his shooting accoutrements, and, with a clumsy, shuffling kind of respect, and hat in hand, ho said— "I think, Miss, I must a spoke uncivil t'other day. I was so awful put about, and didn't know no more nor a child what I was saying; and I wantod to tell yo I'm eorry for it, and I beg your pardon—very humble, I do." I did not know what to-say. I therefore said nothing, but made a grave inclination, and passed on. Two or throe times Milly and I saw Mm at a little distance in our walks. He never attempted to join us. Once only ho passed so near that-some recognition was inevitable, and' he stopped and in silence lifted his hat with an awkward respect. But although he did not approach us, he was ostentatious with a kind of telographic civility in the distance. He opened gates, he whistled his dogs to " heel," he drove away cattle, and then himself withdrew. I really think he watched ns occasionally to render those services, for in this distant way we encountered him decidedly oftoner than we used to do before his flattering proposal of marriage. Yon may be sure that we discussed, Milly and I, that occurrence pretty constantly in all sorts of moods. Limited as had been her experience of human society, she very clearly saw lion) how far below its presentable level was her hopeful brother. The fortnight sped swiftly, ns time always does when something we dislike and shrink from awaits us at its close. I never saw Uncle Silas during that period. It may seem odd to those who merely road the report of our last interview, in which his manner had been more playful and his talk more trifling than in any other, that from it I had carried away a profounder sense of fear and insecurity than from any other. It was with a foreboding of evil and an awful dejection that on a very dark day, in Milly's room, I awaited the summons which I was sure would reach me from my punctual guardian. As I looked from the window upon tko slanting rain and leaden "sky, and thought of the hated interview that awaited mc, I pressed my hand to my troubled heart, and murmured, "0 that I had wings like a dovel then would I flee away, and be at rest." Just then the prattle of the parrot struck my car. I looked round on the wire cage, and remembered the words, " The bird's name is Maud." " Poor bird!" I said. " I dare say, Milly, it longs to get out. If it were a native of this coantry, would not you like to open the window, and then the door of that crucl cage, and lot the poor thing fly away ?" " Master wants Miss Maud," said Wyat's disagreeable tones, at the half-open door. I followed in silence, with the pressure of a near alarm at my heart, like a person going to an operation. When I entered the room, my hcavt beat so fast that I could hardly speak. The tall form of Uncle Silas rose before mc, and I made him a faltering reverence. He darted from under his brows a wild, fierce glance at old Wyat, and pointed to the door imperiously with his skeleton finger. The door shut, and wo were alone. " A chair ?" said ho, pointing to a scat. " Thank you, uncle, I prefer standing," I faltered. He also stood—his white head bowed forward, the phosphoric glare of his starage eyes shone upon me from under his brows— his finger-nails just rested on the table. " You saw the luggage corded and addressed as it stands ready for removal in the hall ?" he asked. I had. Milly and I had read the cards which dangled from the trunk-handles and gun-cose. The address was—" Mr. Dudley R. Ruthyn, Paris, aid Dover." " I am old—agitated—on the eve of a decision on which much depends. Pray relieve my suspense. Is my son to leave Bartram to-day in sorrow, or to remain in joy ? Pray answer quickly.,' I stammered out I know not what. I was incoherent—wild, perhaps; but somehow I expressed my moaning—my unalterable decision. I thought his lips grew whiter and his eyes shone brighter as I spoke. When I had quite made an end, he heaved a great sigh, and turning his eyes slowly to the right and to the left, like a man in a helpless distraction he whispered— " God's will bo done." I thought he was upon the point of fainting —a clay tint darkened the white face; and, seeming to forget my presence, he sat down, looking with a dispairing scowl, on his ashy old hand, as it lay upon the table. I stood gazing at him, feeling almost as if I had murdered the old man—he still gazing askance, with an imbecile scowl, upon his hand. •'Shall I go, sir?" I at length found courage to whisper. " Go ?" he said, looking up suddenly; and it seemed to mc as if a stream of cold sheetlightning had crossed and enveloped me for a moment. " Go ?—oh !—a—yes—yes—, Maud— go, I must see poor Dudley before his doparturo," he added, as it were, in soliloquy, Trembling lest he should revoke his permission to depart, I glided quickly and noiselessly from the room. Old Wyat was prowling outside, with a cloth in her hand, pretending to dust the carved doorcase. She frowned a stare of enquiry over her shrunken arm on me, as I passed. Milly, who had been watching, ran and met me. We heard my uncle's voice, as I shut the door, calling Dudley. He had been waiting, probably, in an adjoining room. I hurried into my chamber, with Milly at my side, and there my agitation found relief in tears, as that uf girlhood naturally does. A littlo while after we saw from the window Dudloy, looking, I thought, very pale, get into a vehicle, on the top of which Ins luggage lays and drive away from Bartram. I began to take comfort. His departure was an inexpressible relief. His final departure I a distant journey .' We had tea in Milly's room that night. Firelight and candles arc inspiring) In that red glow I always felt and feel safe, as well as more comfortable, than in the daylight—quite irrationally, for wo know the night is tho appointed day of such as love the darkness better than light, and evil walks thereby. But so it is. Perhaps tho very consciousness of external danger enhances tho enjoyment of the well-lighted interior, just as tho storm does that roars and hurtles over the roof. Whilo Milly and I wore talking, very cosily, a knock came to the room-door, and, without waiting for an invitation to enter, old Wyat came in, and glowering at us, with her brown claw upon tho door handle, she said to Milly— " Yo must leave your funnin', Miss Milly, and take your turn in your fatlior's room." " Is he ill ?" I asked. She answered, (tddrossmg not mo, but Milly— " A wrought two hours in a fit arter faster Dudloy went. 'Twill be tho death o' him, I'm thinkin', poor old fellah. I wor sorry myself whon I saw Master Dudloy a going off in the moist to-day, poor fellah. There's trouble enough in the family without a' that; but 'twon't bo a family long, I'm thinkin'. Nout but trouble, nout bat trouble, sinco lato changes came." Judging by tho sour glance she threw on me as she said this, I concluded that I represented those " lato changes" to which all tho sorrows of tho houso were referred. I felt unhappy undor tho ill-will even of this odiortS old woman, being ono of those unhappily constructed mortals who oannot be indifferent whon they reasonably ought, and always yearn after kindness, oven that of tho worthless. <t "I mnst go. I wish you'd come wi mo, Maud, I'm flo afraid all alone," said Milly, imploringly. " Certainly, Milly, I answered, not liking it, you may bo sure; " you shan't sit there alone." So together Vro went, old Wyat cautioning us for our lives to make no noise. Wo passed through tho old man's sittingroom, where that day had occurred his brief but momentous interview with me, and his parting with his only son, and entered tho bed-room at the farther end. A low fire burned in tho grate. Tho room was in a sort of twilight. A dim lamp near the foot of the bed at tho farther side was tho only light burning there. Old Wyat whispered an iujunction not to speak above our breaths, nor to leave tho fireside unless tho sick man called or showed signs of weariness. These were tho directions of the doctor, who had been there. So Milly and I sat ourselves dovrn near tho hearth, and old Wyat left us to our resources. We could hear the patient breathe ; but he was quite still. In whispers we talked ; but our conversation flagged. I was, after my wont, upbraiding myself for tho suffering I had inllictod. After about half an hour's desultory whispering, and intervals, growing longer and longer, of silence, it was plain that Milly was falling asleep. She strove against it, and I tried hard to keep her talking; but it would not do—sleep overcame her; and I was the only person in that ghastly room in a state of perfect consciousness. There were associations connected with my last vigil there to make my situation very nervous and disagreeable. Had I not had so much to occupy my mind of a distinctly practical kind—Dudley's audacious suit, my uncle's questionable toleration of it, and my own conduct throughout that most disagreeable period of my existence,—I should have felt my present situation a great deal more. As it was. I thought of my real troubles, and something of Cousin Knollys, and, I confess, a good deal of Lord Illmry. When looking towards the door, I thought I saw a htunnn face, about the most terrible my fancy could have called up, looking fixedly into the room. It was only a " three-quarter," and not the whole figure—the door hid that in a great measure, and I fancied I saw, too, a portion of the fingers. The face gazed townrd the bed, and in the imperfect light looked like a livid mask, with chalky eyes. I had 60 often been startled by similar apparitions formed by accidental lights and shadows disguising homely objects, that I stooped forward, expecting, though tremulously, to see this tremendous one in like manner dissolve itself into its harmless elements ; and now, to my unspeakable terror, I became perfectly certain that I saw the countenance of Madame de la Rougierre. With a cry, I started back, and shook Milly furiously from her trance. " Look ! look !" I cried. But the apparition or illusion was gone. I clung so fast to Milly's arm, cowering behind her, that she could not rise. Milly! Milly! Milly! Milly !" I went on crying, like one struck with idiotcy, and unable to say anything else. In a panic, Milly, who had seen nothing, and could conjecture nothing of the cause of my terror, jumped up, and clinging to one another, we huddled together into the corner of the room, I still crying wildly, " Milly! Milly! Milly!" and nothing else. "What is it—where is it—what do you see ?" cried Milly, clinging to me as I did to her. " It will come again; it will come; oh, heaven!" " What—what is it, Maud ?" "The face! the face!" I cried. "Oh, Milly! Milly! Milly!" We heard a step softly approaching the open door, and, in a horrible sauce qui pent, we rushed and stumbled together toward the light by Uncle Silas's bed. But old Wyat's voice and figure re-assured us. " Milly," I said, so soon as, pale and very faint, I reached my apartment, " no power on earth shall ever tempt me to enter that room again after dark." "Oh, I can't; I can't; I can't, Milly. Never ask me. It is haunted. The room is haunted horribly" " Was it Charke ?" whispered Milly, look' ing over her shoulder, all aghast. " No, no—don't ask me; a fiend in a worse shape." I was relieved at last by a long fit of weeping; and all night good Mary Quince sat by me, and Milly slept by my side. Starting and screaming, and drugged with sal-volatile, I got through that night of supernatural terror, and saw the blessed light of heaven again. Doctor JolksJ when be came to see my uncle in the morning, visited me also. He pronounced me very hysterical, made minute onquiries respecting my hours and diet, asked what I had had for dinner yesterday. There was something a little comforting in his cool and confident pooh-poohing of the ghost theory. The result was, a regimen which excluded tea, and imposed chocolate and porter, earlier hours, and I forget all beside; and he undertook to promise that, if I would but observe his directions, I should never see a ghost again. (To he continued.) THE Convent of St. Joseph, at Adelaide, has been broken up by Bishop Shiel, and the sisters dispersed. There is great indignation amongst the Catbolios at the proceedings. THE TURF.—A committee meeting of the Wagga Wagga Turf Club was held in the Australian Hotel on Thursday evening last; Mr. James Gormley in the chair. It was roposed by Mr. Hann, teconded by Mr, P. SI'AJister, and carried, that a Sires' Produce Stakes race, in connection with the club, should be at once established. The amount of the stake was fixed at £50, to. be run for during tho season of 1874-5, for then two yearolds. The owners of Corosbus and Snowdon haVeboth signified their intention ot becoming subscribers, and the owners of many other thoroughbreds in the district will doubtless follow suit. It was resolved that the club should allow the Agricultural Association the use of a piece of ground for the purpose of holding an exhibition during the litres day's racing., Messrs. Gormly,- Hann, M'Alister, Miochin, and Bergin were elected a working committee for the present year, three to form a quorum, with the understanding that all their decisions should be. laid before the ensuing committee meeting.—Express, 