TOPICS OFTHE WEE K. The debate on the postal arrangements as settled by the Conference resulted in a great triumph to the Government. By a majority of 24, in a fall hoase of 70 members, the resolution submitted by the Chief Secretary was adopted, in preference to the amendment proposed by Mr. Langton. It seemed to be the general opinion that although perhaps by the exhibition of a little more firmness the Victorian delegates might have made a little betterbaigainforthiscolony, they had probably done the bestin their power, and were, therefore, not deserving of censure. It is very easy for bon. members free from the responsibilities of office to- talk about "dominating" over the zest of the Australian group-4o use a term of which Mr. Francis had evidently become enamoured by frequent repetition -but all those who view the subject dispas sionately must see that it is within the bounds of possibility that the other colonies might object to the peculiar process represented by thin word. If we are ever to act in concert at nil, it must be by proceeding on the give and take principle, and not by any attempts on the part of this or any other colony to assert a superiority over the rest. The action taken by Mr. Langton was further discredited by the fact that his principal supporters had on previous occasions given expression to the very opinions which they now condemn. It seems the fate of the Opposition in our Par liament to be always making false move ments, and it will soon come to pass that a Government, so far from dreading any motion involving a vote of want of confi dence, will look on it as giving them a fresh lease of office. We regret to observe that the Chief Secre tary continues to suffer from illness and debility. Mr. Duffy appears to be disqualified, both by temperament and physique, for a very active participation in the rough-and tumble fights of political life in this colony. To be a successful and commanding comba tant, a man ought to have a forehead of brass, lungs of leather, nerves of steel, a constitu tion of iron, and the hide of .a rhinoceros. He should have no feelings of his own, and should be perfectly regardless of other people's^ He should resemble a prizefighter and not a poet. He should be Burbns, andnotGlaucus. He should have no scruples of conscience and no sensibility to shame. He should regard the public revenues of the colony as a fund to be manipulated-with a due regard to leg .1 forms- for the sole object of propitiating supporters, buying over opponents, and main* taining himself and his party in power. He should be ready to make use of any instru ment, however despicable, that may suit his purpose for the hour, and,to break it op and trample on the fragments the moment it ceases tabe disserviceable. He should know him toTttwn and ''boo" like Sir Pertinai lfac$ycophant, and to be hhrd, vindictive, aiid rembrieTesslike Sir GilestJvemeaCh. He shojfld. t>e aseJf-made man, and be .Should "worship his inakp." He should' be able to " irAtch the" signs ' of the times, to trim , bis' sails accoiding, to the direction of the aSrd popvldris, and to put himself at the bead of any party whidh happened to be iri the ascendant.' fie should have no friendships, no sympathies, and no elevated esptrationa. He should possess neither breadth of .view nor depth' of 'insight. He should regard human beings as machines, and entertain a stern contempt for the Wgber of our nature, j He should consider bimseU the ceritre of the social and jpolitical flQFStem of $he country in which !be has attained topowerand eminence, andsho^ild aro^'l^rdinglyV Measured j>y these stgui du&, Mr.JJuffy mustbe pronouncejto pe"a fniift'" *" 'V.1;.. . . *£.>* I ?* >?? ?? -v : A few daya ago one ol-qvc, contemporaries ' took opcasionto compliment the pbjeptofits p^(mlM^ven^n-the, tlpper^onseT-oA the good sense it had shown in deciding .to . £um m<nj ' #»» *#neipes cpggpxipn yith the railiw bi^-^hebar, instead: of ^referring themaUertq jp. select conunittee. a|Ve |rillitak9<i fpr^rante^that tie, intention of their, lordships was good, and therefore we bynomeansbegrodgethem iltAM mmaIvaJ . chaVi Ian rsr? 1T y: 'Tfr-r tttv . -rT* : r- ^-rr-rnz ttjt ? nniBjcpec^d «W*er, but we cannot aay thaf; Uw.j^wticalrwaltofthe^xpOTimeutJtias been*achaato xnpke ns desirousof* -repetT ti<^ iflwedoTnot think that themettiodof *r»minatiop wwsuch as J$. not given in fnlL To road the report one would think that the examination had been conducted with business-like tact and shrewd ness, and that even Mr. W. A* C. A'Beckett was not more than ordinarily Tatuous in hiB remarks and queries. But how different is this from the truth. The outside public little knows what lurks under such a harmless sentence as this. " In answer to Mr. So-and So." We read the answer, and because that is clear and intelligible, we run away with the notion that the question was pointedly and intelligibly put But herein lies the fallacy. Probably in the course of en deavouring to make himself understood, Mr. So-and-So, starting with the Intention of extracting some piece of information suit able to his views, without displaying his animus, involved himself in a labyrinth of parentheses and contradictions, and after floundering about for 10 minutes or so in a sea of confusion, lost the thread of his ideas beyond redemption, and finally brought his efforts to a close, by asking a question which has nothing whatever to do with the subject. It is iyi-tainly " rough " on a witness who has to extract the hon. member's real meaning from such a " mixed lot," and it no doubt requires experience. But a man like Mr. Higinbotham, for instance, who is examined before a commission, or a select commission, or board of inquiry, or something else, about three times a day on an average, knows how to humour the little eccentricities of our Parliament men. The vote of £10,000 which was passed on Thursday evening to supply labour and tools for improving Crown lands intended for sale by auction in and around Melbourne and other localities, has an ugly look with it, especially as it does not appear that the work to be undertaken by contract. It has the aspect of being intended to provide occupa tion, at the public cost, for "the unem ployed." Something similar has just taken idace in Hqfcart Town, where it was repre sented that 70 or 80 heads of families had been out of work for an average period of night, weeks. But in allsuch instances, as the Launct&tonRxaminerperXixxvatiy; observes, "we must look beneath the surface: to one case of real, unavoidabledistressit is probable three would be found resulting from idleanddissolnte habits-men who loaf and lounge about the street comers, and who tell you with a con sciousness of heroism beaming in their coun tfPRnf-AH, that they would rather starve than faitft 6d. for a job for which they thought they ought to have Is." There was a meeting of the unemployed at the Polytechnic-haU, in this city, a short time ago, and a few days afterwards there appeared an advertisement The Argus offering constant work to 90 or 40 men at G&ffney;'s Creek, on terms which would have secured them 60j. a week; the money for their fare thither fining advanced to them. Several were engaged, but when the hour for de parture arrived only four presented themselves; the rest preferred to loaf about Melbourne, and to assist in swell ing mwti"E" convened by men who shirk work and love talk, and who put themselves under the congenial guidance of Mr. " Snow ball" Henderson. By the way, there is an unprecedentiy large amount of. unemployed capital in this city just now; why don't the owners of it get up a meeting in the Eastern Maiket to petition the Government to provide some employment for it ? It would be just as legitimate a demand as that made by Mr. L. L. Smith's friends at the Polytechnic. When will the country ascertain the full amount it has paid for the privilege of being governed by the M'Calloch-euni-SulIivan Administration? In the Assembly, on Wed nesday evening, the Minister of Mines stated that every yard of the brick lining of the open aqueduct constructed from Stray Creek to the junction of the pipes, at a cost of £30,000, had Ijggu condemned j and that 20 miles of the aqueduct in connexion with the Cobban [scheme woifld be useless for carrying water 'unless pipes or flames are provided. And all jthis takes place under " responsible govern jment." The tax-payers tee robbed, and* they Save no remedy whatever against the men by iwbose negligence or connivance the theft is ?perpetrated. If a Government clerk em* foftgyifta or muddles away the public money, >we can .come upon his guarantors for the (deficiency, «nd instatuteacriminal prosecution igBinst the culprit What is the, difference jetween hisojfence and the crime of the men nho have scandalously misapplied teas of thousands of gwunds' at Malmsbury and elsewhere? AM why is thereto be one law for the subordinate fndaaotherfortiie prin cipals? . ? end of the wedge, and m ust not grudge the time it will take to driveifc home. It will beiemem bered that it took Mr. Disraeli several years to educate bis party, but nevertheless he suc ceeded at last in teaching them how to " tarn their backs upon themselves" and every tradi tion they were supposed to cherish most fervently. The last English Reform Bill was the result of his tuition. So it will doubtless be in Mr. Woods' case. He, like all the other luminaries of his politico-economic school, looks forward to the time when the country will be enriched by keeping everything it produces for its own use; but although it is given to a mind like his to grasp this great idea, he has compassion on the weakness of his brethren. He knows that strong meats are not meant for babes, and so he will kindly lead his followers on by gradual steps, until at last the real value of his magnificent design breaks in all its glcry on their astonished gaze. From the contem plation of the advantages accruing from the accumulation of rags and rusty nails, they will pass on to consider what further blessings would tiow'from the retention of old tin pots and "kitchen stuff," until at last, warming with their theme, they will push theirprinciples to their full development, and forbid the export of gold, wool, corn, oil, or wine, next render it penal for a man to go away with a coat on his back or a sixpence in his pocket, after which his carcase itself will be impounded, and eventu ally the colony will become tenanted by the melancholy ghosts of defunct citizens, as Mr. Woods will probably " crown the edifice" by rendering it illegal to export ° departed spirits to the happy hunting grounds or any other foreign port. 'Tis a glorious vision certainly, and one that ought to make us truly thankful that we have such great men to rnle over ns. But pending the realisation of this scheme, we would ask "how about the rag-pickers and the collectors of old iron ?" We will admit that theirs is not a savoury occupation -it is not perhaps cleaner thanthe ordinary emplopment of the average member of Par liament-but still that is no reaqpn why the poor creatures should be sacrificed to the rapacity of a few highly- protected paper makers and iron-founders. If the export of scrap iron and old rags were prohibited, the local manufacturers could consult their own convenience as to the price they would give for both articles; and we are not aware of any transcendant benefit these gentlemen have conferred on the country that the privi lege of robbing the poor should be granted to them. Protection, unfortunately, has a tendency to familiarise all those who are suffered to benefit by it with the idea of jobbery, but they must be prepared to draw the line somewhere. Even the most callous and heartless highwayman would spare the poor and wretched! "One touch of nature makes the whole world kin;" and the touch of genuine pathos which manifested'itself at the close of Mr. Duffy's speech on Wednesday evening seemed to elicit the warmest sympathy from all sides of the House. Mr. Fellows had alluded to the rebellious proclivities of the Chief Secretary in early life; and the latter took occasion to vindicatetheparthehad played in Irish politics, to reassert the pride with whichhe looked back 'upon that period of his career, and to pay an affectionate tribute to his old associates some of whom bad gone into exile, and ^achieved distinction in distant lands- while imost of them had gone down to the grave, jHe showed that the principles he had con* tended for in '48 had been carried into 'effect by Mr. Gladstone; and he pointed oat Itbat if he had followed the example jof other recreants, he might have shared in the honours and emoluments lavished on them by Lord Palmerston. He preferred to expatriate himself, and while he acknow ledged the errors and shortcomings of a life which he feared would not be prolonged for imany years, he avowed, in Sccents which qnivered with emotion and produced a powerful effect upon the House, that no honours which he had achieved, or might achieve, here or elsewhere, oould afford him (the pride and gratification which _ he derived foom. the retrospect of his efforts in early Jifeon behalf of his native land, when it was {smitten with famine and pestilence, and the jnnmber ofthose who .perished or iied exceeded the population of the whole «f these colonies. At the last meeting of the Melbourne. Cbamber of Cpmmerce'' the secretary laid on the iabk afleriee of- plans, boring geological sections, and other papers and documents , relative to the project of a ship canal-and docks for the Port of Melbourne. The plans and jBMtioDS had beenprepared J>y Mr, F. <5, Christy, C.E., and the eecrataiy had, with the' concurrence of the president, and vice-preei (Jent^ purchased them of that ge&Ueznan; prior to his leaviqg the cotony." ttodoubt. they, have done wisely: in 'wcuijtag Jthe# ] designs,and wethio# no*ttie hest thin^ . that the .^nld^ be to hire .Ibe^i Hielp committeexoom ada perpefco^L ] brancer oj; tl^li^eTiamh^is It Kasfhoj^i i4|e matter,of fyabour topfyy&aoot.; > $$.1 ill |he jgp^jjUoaa^tjaoV, lite tf> think hp^ frpi^jeps ag4 ahoat ' prfat,jn^,.Ke ^ad, that,in the. yefc or imee,r l$7i; ve Ibpire ^Qj^yjgnjatu^ed la prpcpiing j ^ »:; iifrbm. - fcraStr detawj^l in^mefj »&«?.,W$&k; irrecked or ran down on fhe£. yay pi j. , wer^ Bometlme mcbor&t; the' nil b^WJAOOjpl mttlipjp wd k" lo, notwitbsl ^<Wli i UHtxnw oi the held of otisly occupied the position of Commis sioners dl Customs and Treasurer in different Ministries. We trust, however, that the sight of these, ship canal plans inay beep the mercantile community in perpetual remembrance of their duty, not to let matters rest until. ^ the" Government has been . induced to put the port of Melbourne under the management of a properly constituted body, in which the commercial element, as being pri marily interested, will be properly repre sented. Ship canals can only be indulged in now in connexion with a dream of the future, but there are many less pretentious schemes which might be carried out with great advantage to all whose business requires them to frequent Hobson's Bay and the Yarra Yarra. And still the talk is of quartz. As to J,he number of persons who are coining money as you are confidently and confidentially assured-by speculating in shares, from merchants down to errand boys, it is beyond calculation. On a small scale we are re peating in this colony the events of 1846 7 in England, when railway scrip was the newly discovered philosopher's stone, and everybody was going to become rich without toil and without self-denial; and all sorts of staid steady-going people lost their heads. So long as the share market in Melbourne and Sand* hurst continues to rise, of course all will be well. With prices steadily going up, trayers cannot go very far wrong; but when the tarn comes, what then ? When stocks in pnrely problematical undertakings take to sinking, and panic-stricken holders meet other panic stricken holders, and everybody is wanting to convert scrip into cash, long faces will be pulled, and there will be just as irrational a depression of really sound securities as there is at the present moment an irrational inflation of those of an altogether speculative character. Some of the protectionist papers are singing hymns of praise, on account of our greatly increased export of wool The latter is a cir cumstance to be rejoiced at, since it shows that the pastoral interest of the colony has not succumbed to the persistent efforts which have been made to destroy it, and that the clip of the present season is an unusually fine one. Bat sorely a large export of any commodity should be an occasion of wailiag and lamentation to all consistent protec tionists. According to their theory, the wool ought to be kept in the country, and con verted into broadcloth and blankets. We ate constantly admonished that the exportation of raw material is an evil, and that the ideally prosperous country is that which eitber has no commerce whatever with the external world, or which sends away mer chandise and deceives nothing in return. Consequently, there is something altogether unintelligible about the protectionist jubila tions over the augmented export of wool. Biverina is not at all satisfied with Sir James Martin's stubborn demand for an in crease in the amount paid by this colony to New South Wales as a commutation of the border duties. Tfee equities of the case are more than met by the present arrangement, and if the obdnrate knight persist? in- pre paring for a policy of reprisals, we believe the result will be the detachment of Riverina from the neighbouring colon? and fts annexa tion to oar own. Geographically and com mercially, as we have repeatedly Mid, it belongs to Victoria, and its political union with us could be effected, we believe, if the Legislature of this colony were to meet the views of the pastoral population of that dis trict oq the land question in a considerate tspirit .The nnfortunate assertion of the Sabbat* aiiass that the disasters of the French nation were to some extent attributable to their festive observance of Sunday, and the corre lative assumption that the successes of the German army in France were partially due tothe respect paid to "the Sabbath" by pro tectant Prussia end Roman Catholic Bavaria, have drawn forth from a German correspond ent aiJFte Arm. a well-timed description offche mode in *yhioh his countrymen athome habitually spend their Sundays. It is calcu lated to make .every particular hair on Dr. Cairna's head stand ereot with horror, and to throw that good joung man-Mr. James Bal four-into convulsions. Attend and perpend: -" The first service is held at ^o'clock a.m.to give an opportunity to those domestics who otnnot attend the next service, from 9 till 1L ^Twelve o'clock being dinner hour, the next {and last service is from half-past 1 till half past 2 >m,,, when 'Divine service ceases for the day. Having first elevated onr minds towards our Creator, we then enjoy with heart and soul whatever His Kindness may piave prorfd^tor' us, The' afternoon knd jevjeJoinjg we #j^d^\f6Ui9wr:-^^ftei? Divine jBervlcfc yre\ rebateourselves Wfc^hgdur" ciUfes/for ^Jehnans are' bt 'oily f rond bf thpir promenades and - .wests, ai1^K%e^neet ornaments totheir * Itlee; but knp#;jfcfli well the ,^gorous and5 rottary Mecte^bey ^rodube. "The military' nfdp ptay^<a afe t6®r or two in "die public , rdenfc herein the ' fountains dtrolay ih mi, the' ;4hSrSunday, ruwcn'oirf and in which ministers of' religion witb their families do visit the theatre oW ». Sunday evening ; and contrast thia frighV iul state of tilings ? witb the chutityr and sobriety of Sabbatarian Scotland. The-, letter we have quoted from is another illus tration of tho bad effects of teaching people to read and write. If " A German" had bot acquired these improper accomplishments,.' be would never bave written the above epistle," far lees have indited tbe following passage, which lies like a sting in the tail of his com munication "One thing is certain, that was not Sabbatarianism that advanced the German people to their present position, but the enlightened teachings they receive, freed - from tbe fetters of theological dogmas, an&> the daily good examples of doing unto others < as they would that others should do unto* them." We are indebted to the Registrar General of New Zealand for abstracts of the census returns for the present year. The enumera- - tion took place on tbe nigbt of the 27th of February, and shows tbe total population of1 tbe various provinces to be 266,393, consisting* of 150,356 males and 106,037 females; this is of course exclusive of aborigines. The pro* vince of Anckland stands highest in point of numbers-62,335, and Otago next,-60,722;. Canterbury ranking third, with 46,801 in* habitants. Among the principal towns, r Danedin is the most populous, containing: 14,857 inhabitants; Auckland ha* 12,937, ; Christcburcb 7,931, Wellington 7,908, and ] Nelson 5,534. In most of the large towns, tbe sexes are pretty nearly equalised. la seven plaeeB-Parnell, Onebunga, New Ply mouth, the City of Nelson, Christchnrch' West, Newton, and Invercargill-the females^ preponderate over the other sex. Turning to the live stock returns, we find the totals for New Zealand to be 9,700,629 sheep, 436,592 head of cattle, 81,028 hones, 151,460 pigs, and ' 872,174 head of poultiy: while the dairy pro duce of the year reached 5,199,0721b. of outter and 2 547,6071b. of cheese. 