LOCAL AND GENERAL. LOCAL NEWS. / Bible Society. — A'b the inauguration of ytho Hull of the School of. Arts is to take place'to morrow, the meeting of tho Bible Society which was advertised for tho same o veiling, has been postponed until Monday next, so' as to afford an' opportunity to those wishing to attend on both occasions. ? ?' Attempted Burglary. — An impudent attempt at house-breaking was mado early on Tuesday morning last, at Stockton, by an individual who,' calculating on tlio absence from home of Mr,. E. Miner, quietly entersd his premises by a back room window, with tho ovidont intention of committing a robbery. Ho was rather surprised, however, on looking round, to find an occupant wide aivnke. and readv lo L'ive him Ma warm re coptioii '; so he' returned rather more hastily than' he had entered, and would have been pursued but that, before therowas time enough to follow him, .he had managed to get out of sight.' His ?object could only have been to plunder thesto^e,4 aa Mr. Miner was^ generally considered to be from'home at thetime. : ? District Court. — We would remind our readers that tho next sitting of tho District Court will bo held in Newcastle on Monday, the 5th proximo, and that tho Ia3t day for, entering plaints will be Tuesday, the 21st instant. Mutual Improvement Society. — This' so ciety met, as usual, on Monday evoning last, in tho Congrogational Schoolroom, when the sub ject of debate, 'Ought Capital Punishment to bo Abolished,' was brought before the meeting, tho ministry taking the affirmative. The debate was opened by Mr. Randall who, in furtherance of his arguments upon the question, adduced proofs from Holy Writ. Mr. Dally opposed quoting Scriptural passages, whilst Mr. Rich ardson, in a brief spoech, criticised Mr. Daily's remarks, and gave his viows as to the necessity for the abolition of capital punishment. The dobato was adjourned for a fortnight, in order to allow of time for the discussion of a ' Want of Confidence ' motion against tho ministry, and which was brought in by Mr. Laing, junr. How this matter tcrminatud wo did not hear. ; San Francisco Mail Route. — As the ques tion of tho continuance, of the San Francisco mail route is still being agitated, wo givo our readers reliablo data as to distances betwoen San Francisco and tho various ports which present themselves as termini, and the intermediate ones which odor advantages for coaling and victualling stations. San Francisco ? to Hono lulu, Mercator, 2103, Great Circle, 2003 ; to Fiji, 4707 ; to Tahiti, 305S, Groat (Jircle, 3C50-; . to Auckland, 5079, Great Circle, 5070 ; to Wellington, 5903 ; to Melbourne, via Tahiti and Wellington, 7^29 ; to Sydney, 0050 ; to 'Sydney ' via Honolulu and Auckland, 7200 ; to Sydney via Tahiti and Auckland, 7144 ; to Sydney via Honolulu and Fiji, 0434 miles. Theso distances have been computed between the positions of tho principal points in each port without regard to tho deviations necessary on account of tho immediato entrances to thorn. Paraue.— The Nowcastlo artillory corps will parado this evening, and afterwards will hold a meeting, to take into consideration tho advis ability of having an excursion to Raymond Tor race or elsewhere up the river. Newcastle School of Arts. — We call the, attention of the public to tho grand inauguration ; of tlio Great Hall of tho Newcastle Scliool of' Arts, to take place to-morrow evoning, when a orand amateur concart and other entertainments are to do provided ior uieir uuiuccauuu. xjii proceedings will commence with an inaugural address, to be followed by the first part of the concort, an interval of ten minutes, and then the second part. ' Bombastes Furioso,' an in tensely amusing burlesque, and tho Newcastle Volunteer Band's performance, will alao tend to swell tho amount of attraction on the occasion. .ftVhr oo'grrtV'Ufr wj.jjj a. nosition to state that and should prove a decided success. The pro gra'mmo has been well arranged, and the selec tions are choice. ' Bombastes Furioso ' should spcik for itsolf ; it is an amateur's piece, and with Miss Rosa Cooper's assistance, should go well and of tho Newcastle Volunteer Band (it would be almost supertluoiis to speak, their admirable stylo of playing, and tho morceaux tlicy arc likuly to cliooae, aro bound to gratify ; their hearers. Wo hopo to seo tho Hall crowded 'cm tho occasion, and trust that tho present is -.only tlio harbinger of many more evenings' ? amusements . of a like rational and enjoyable description. \ Mr. Lorando Jones; — Wo aro given to un dorstand that the Secular Society has been hold ing several meetings lately, with a view to rais ing funds for tho dofenco of Mr. Lorando Jones. The Newcastle 'Boating Club.— -This club, not yot two months established, is making most satisfactory progress, and already owns several very good boats. We have been informed that it is the intention of tho club to hold a regatta early next month, when wo shall have an oppor tunity of witnessing tlio prowess of our local oarsmen. Tho only surprise is, that such an institution had not previously existed ; there is not, as a rule, any lack of water in the Hunter, and tho exercise, let alone the recreation, has always been considered as most health inducing, opening the chest, developing the muscles, and generally invigorating the whole system. We trust that the day chosen for the regatta may prove a fine and in every way suitable one, and that no accidents may mar the pleasure, which we may anticipate, the regatta will afford to all parties. Theatre Royal. —Miss Dolly Green concluded her engagement at this theatre on Tuesday even ing, and took her departure for Maitland yester day morning. Mr. and Mrs. Taylor, old favorites of tho Nowcastle public, and Mr. G. H. Leonard, havo arrived, and will mako their first appear ance on Saturday next. There was no perform ance yesterday evening. ...... New Cure for Insanity. — Yesterday after noon, between' the hours of three , and four o'clock, a lady who chanced to be in Tyrril-street, was somewhat alarmed by the appearance of a bare-heado'd, unshodden and ragged girl of some ton or twolvo yoara of ago, who, gibbering and mouthing, was pointing to some dressing- table ornaments visible through an open bed-room window. Turning to a lad who was passing, and enquiring what was the matter with the girl, aho was told not to mind her as she was -silly. Presently the poor demented being burst into shrieks of laughter, and with her head. almost between her knoes and hor 'arm's flying 'behind nor rushed up the street. Several boys im mediately opened on her a steady fire with stones, pouring in at short range several vollies with great precision. Now this may be, for all we know to the contrary, a most important dis-. covery in the treatment of weak intellects, road metal may be an excellent means of driving the insane sano : but it is, we believe, so exceedingjy novel and so littlo known to the medical frater nity gonorally, that for the present and until they approve of jt, we, would suggest further de lay in the application of the remedy. No doubt the police will make some enquiry into the matter. ? ? ? ? , ' The Marquis of Lorne's Tartan.— Mr. James M'Kissock, manufacturer, Girvan (late of London), has received- the commands of the Marquis of Lome far the production of a new tartan, to be styled the 'Lome Tartan.' .The design, which has met with his lordship's ap proval, iB a bappy combination of the 'Argyll' and ' Hunting Stuart.' ~ There aro two'patternB chosen,, one of which, we understand, is for the especial use of Lord Lome's illustrious consort, and the difference in each U, that in one there is a thin black line which is red in the other. The design's are both registered, and Mr. M'Kissock has received a handsome order from the noblej marquis fo&his; own private use.— London Scots-l man. ' ? i Lawless, ^.Statb of San Francisco.— The Alta Galifginia'ot December 12th, i'says :— ' Gambling never prevailed to a greater extent J than now in 'this oity, and the fruits of gamb ling are murders, theft, and robberies. Are the police to besnubbe4 and lectured if they should arrest a ginbler, or are_they to be sustained by the courts and'by ail good citizens ? THere is a law against obscene amusements ; but this law has been inoperative for months. Yet the vilest dens of this sort are within a stone's throw of tho police court, where faithful officers aro lec-r tured for doing .their duty.' The' foot. ii/ the' failures ofjuatice in this city are so many and so notable, ~tbat° citizens aro becomingalarmed,- and are inquiring earnestly, what greater disorders arid evils theBe failures indicate. Crime increases ; cases of murder and violence are now a part of bliu nvvtLiy auucii udwu , uuuviuuuim UI .UOCauie offenders are. seldom obtained. The hero' of tho . hour is the man who, with knife and pistol, settles his disputes so effectually that only a pompous funeral, remains to be provided for his ^ adversary. It is time that this carnival of crime had ended, and, tho reign of law and even-handed justice had begun,' . Schiedam Schnapps. — We extract the follow- ' ing from. Sydney Morning Herald, 21st January, 1871: — 'in these days when alcoholic liquors are so largely consumed, and consumers are so much in doubt whether thoir systems are not bping gradually impaired by adulteration it is well that one, at least, of the popular bovoragea of tho period is reliablo as pure— that is Wolfe's Aromatic Schiedam Sclma2-ps. After making reasonable deductions from the varied and many active and neutralising virtues it is said to possess, it is something to be assured by physicians and other of the scientific cognoscenti that we havo in this articlo a genuine extract which taken in moderate quantity, and under ordinarily healthy conditions of body, affords a beneficial stimulus to the animal functions and even if takon in excess leavoB but a minimum ot tlio inevitable evils of abuse. The fact that in tho latter respect it is incomparably superior to the mass of other liquors of a like class is attributed to tho entire absence of fusel oil ; its ualiitablencss, its tonic properties, and its effect in increasing tho vital onergy may be traced to tho purity of its main constituent. It dilfors from other Holland gin tho produce of juniper commuins, the schnapps being made from the Italian juniper, which gives a finer aromatic liquor. Jf it is necessary in tho interests of the public to denounce the too common practice of manufacturing noxious compounds as wines and spirits, it scums only just to point to this meritorious exception. Cai'turb of an Alligator. — Some very good sport was experienced (says tho Clcvclatul Hay Express) by Mr P. Thistlethwayte, Dr Callaghan, and some others, who succeeded in bagging an alligator. Mr. Thistlethwayte, who was standing on the verandah of Dr. Callaghau's cottage, over looking the creek, saw an alligator' swim to the opposite bank. Mr. Thistlethwayto and Dr. Callaghan crossed over in a punt, and were joined by a fisherman ; they managed to crawl within twonty yards of tho alligator without dis turbing him, and tho fisherman, armed with a shot gun, and Mr. Thistlethwayte, with a rifle, both lirud ; thu latter hit him just behind the forearm, and the reptile crawled three or four paces into the water, -loaving his. tail exposod on the bank. The three sportsmen rushed at, and seized the alligator's caudal appendage, and a most exciting struggle took place' The saurian made savage but ineffective attempts to bito his persecutors, who courageously stuck to his tail, whilo others boat him about the head with sticks until ho gave up the ghost. When it was ascer tained that he was quite dead, he was towed across the creek, and it was found that ho mea sured nearly Oft. in length. Fatal Result of Supplvino Liquor to ; Aboriginals. — 'Ihe Darling Downs Gazette of j the 1st instant states that, at a lato hour on the ' Saturday night previous, information was re- V «0i;K'^Asoti^AwJi«a.QfjiRjikoxufiniJ.fi2htl which g hotel, on tho Highfield road. It appoars a party | of aboriginals had been paying a visit to the | township, when, as usual, they wero supplied | with an unlimited supply of brandy and rum. A They wero driven out of the town about 2 p.m., 1 and a fight took place shortly after sunset. The | disturbance was heard by Mr. Pentecost and his 1 neighbours, but they did not interfere, us the | whole party appeared to be in arms. It was | noticed, however, that two of them wero lying on the ground and cutting each other with knives. After a time the disturbance subsided, and it was then discovered that one of the com .batants had been left dead on the ground, the other having been, in all probability, carried away by his friends. An inquest was held on a the body at Mr. Pentecost's hotel on Sunday morning, when it was stated by Dr. Roberts that the right arm of the unfortunate fellow had been cut through to the bono, and that he had received another severe stab in tho right shoulder. The \- main arteries of tho arm wero divided, and death ensued from loss of blood. A Colony of Vipeiis. — At tho base of Mount ? I Salador, near tho Lake of Dugano, in tho vicinity i of Naples, stands a villa of great elegance and ' coat, and of considerable extent, the proprietors ':. of which havo bnon compelled to abandon it ; | and this neither by the scourge of war, nor of ; . pestilence, by no vicissitude of fortune, by no j «aprecious love of change ; but Biraply by the I inroad of incredibly numerous swarms of ' vipers in its vicinity. This tribe of serpents, which, since the classical work of Fontana, on - the viper, and his experiments on its position, , has regained its ancient importance, is gradually J increasing in this favourable locality. . Vipers ||; are, notoriously, migratory serpents ; and those \ of' Mount Salvador tako their departure when |; the summer heats become oppressive, and Bwim p in mighty columns across the lake, to the cool ?; and shady wood of the opposite shore. There ^ they remain until late in the autumn, and return I to the sunny side of the lake, where they pass 1 the winder and spring on the chalk slopes be- ' neatli Mount Salvador. In their winter quarters, ?; they coil' and twiBt themselves together into tj knotted clusters, from which their peeping heads ,'t project, and give tot; the whole mass tho appear- } ance of the head of Medusa. .... I An Aggressive Demonstration by the Un- k employkd at AUCKLAND* — 111 the New Zealand I papors we notice that, ou the 20th January, five : hundred unemployed met under the auspices of ?: the Working Men's Protection League, and f, adopted a petition to the Superintendent, stat- j; ing that they were in a condition'of destitution ?i approaching starvation, and requesting employ- ^ meat. They adopted also a petition to the fj Legislature of Victoria, requesting them to send |y steamers to convey away the unemployed and ; their families, stating their willingness to repay ' half of thoir passage money within a certain period after landing. On the 21st ultimo, two v hundred unemployed assembled outside 'the .?' Superintendent's office, and sent in a deputation, % who returned after some time, reporting that % the Superintendent's statement was that' no em- p ployment could be givdn at present, but that the ,;. Railway Appropriations would be passed in a | few days, and that the work would be proceeded U with as soon as possible. There, were expres- | sions of dissatisfaction, and the meeting deinan- § ded to see the Superintendent outside, He re- | fusedj stating that it was not dignified to addreis ' 1 a disorderly mob. The crowd stormed the hall, 1 and threatened to break into tho Superinten- I dent's room. A posse of police cleared the I building of .the crowd, who proceeded to meet in I the Volunteer Drill Shed, to consider what fur- I ther action should be taken. A proposal was g made to .pull ?down the Provincial Council Cham- . E ber. , Aquatic Challenge— We see that Hickey has challenged Rush for another trial in out- riggers, for £100 aside or upwards. Hickey proposes to row round the two' islands,' viz., Goat Island' and Fort Denison, which will, in a great measure do away with the unsatisfactory steamer arrangement*.— 8. JkU't Life, 11 th Feb. ? 