TWO GHOSTS. [BY FWT.KSCF. MAI!1!VA.T (DANGHTF.N or CAM. MAMYAT, THE NOVELIST.) ] liare never seen a ghost, although I have always entertained a great respect for tliem, and a strong desire to cultivate their personal acquaintance: indeed, I may say I Lave courterl it, though hitherto without any Fjgnal success. Yet from the time when, as a child, I listened open-mouthed to the superstitious revelations of my nurse, or, as a girl, watched by night in anxious expectation of tiie re-appeavancc of companions whom 1 had lost by!death, to the present hour when the rough handling of the world leaves me slight leisure for speculative thought, the supernatural has always held great charms for inn ; and I have never presumed to disbelieve what I have no power to disprove. Of course J am well laughed at for my credulity. People who would rush shrieking- from their rooms if they beard the scratching of a mouse behind the wainscot shake their heads compassionately if I venture to air my unpopular notions in their presence, and refuse to credit me with any faith in my own assertion ; whilst others, too thick-headed to penetrate even the finer sympathies of this liib, affirm stoutly that a •woman of sense should be above giving vent to such opinions, and that it is perfectly incredible that any one should really believe such utter nonsense. How can I refute such conclusive arguments ? That I firmly believe the inhabitants of another world are permitted to visit this, I will not say, becauso I have never had ocular proof of such n circumstance; but at the fame time J have received such unanswerable testimony of the fact from the lips of others—trustworthy, sensible, and nearly connected with myself—that to deny the possibility of such visitations were at once to write down some of my dearest friends as fools or liars. And therefore I maintain the middle course, by believing; that the spiritual is far nearer the temporal sphere than most of us imagine ; and that there are more thing's in this world than are dreamt of in our philosophy. Numerous anecdotes rise up in mv memory as 1 make this assertion; hut my space is limited; and 1 choose but two*—two strictly true and well authenticated. At the same time, whilst I preserve all details and coincidences in which the mystery of these stories consists, I carefully hide the names of persons and places; lest by negligence in this respect, I should wound the feelings of survivors. And as to dates, it is sufficient to say that tboy are no time-worn fables, handed down from one ear to another; but circumstances which happened in this modern nineteent.il century to actors of the present generation, and in the very midst of the rapid •march of civilization and enlightenment which has, in most cases, scattered superstition to the winds. A near relation of mine (let us say a sister) •was staying' with a friend, a Mrs. Long, {hiring ilio absence of her husband. The place at which she was visiting, a large country-Louse surrounded by a line park, was situated in Scotland, and the husband ofliei hostess had gone to Edinburgh on business, by which he expected to he detained for two •or three weeks. One afternoon, as my sister wns sitting 'alone, Mrs. Long entered the room with an air of great perturbation, declaring that the strangest thing possible had just occurred to her. She had been taking a solitary ramble in the park, which was sur- -rounded by a high fence and deep -ditch, when she saw, from some distance off, her husband riding on horseback along the road". Surprised to see him at all, and particularly in that situation, jet quite certain that it was himself, she stood on some rising- ground to watch his approach, which had been successfully accomplished until lie drew near the park ; when, instead of turning into the drive, which was the longest way to the house, he suddenly checked his horse and put him at the palings. She had seen the animal rise in Gjbedience to the spur, clear the fence; but jumping short of the ditch beyond it, fall with her husband under him. But when, with a cry of dismay, she had rushed up to the assistance of the struggling liorse and rider, she had found—nothing! The whole vision had passed away, and there was only a high parkfence and a quiet ditch lying before her. Mr.?. Long was very agitated whilst relating this occurrence. She did not imagine it fore" boded any ill to her husband, to whom she was much attached; but she fancied her own sight or mind must be disordered ; and it was some time before my sister could soothe her alarm, and make her view it in what she considered a more reasonable light. But by the evening Mrs. Long was quite herself again, and wrote off a cheerful account of the proceedings to her husband. Two days alter, however, the same thing happened over again; precisely the same thing, as to time, place, and circumstances. Mrs. Long, walking inthe park, and perhaps attracted to the spol on account of her former alarm, watched her husband approach on horseback from a distance; make as though he would enter by the drive, and then, apparently changing his mind, put his horse at the palings, and be crushed beneath tie fallen struggling animal. As in the former case, irresistibly she ran up to his aid ; as in the former case, the whole picture, as though by magic, disappeared. This time Mrs. Long was seriously frightened. She did not fear that the vision portended her husband's death ; but she so far accepted it as a foreboding, that she wrote to Edinburgh, entreating Mr. Long on no account to return on horseback; a warning which seemed verv unnecessary, as he invariably went backwards trad fowards by train. But that epistle, as it afterwards appeared, never reached the hand for which it was intended. On the succeeding day she received a few lines from her husband, to say he should be sit home that evening; and on the same afternoon she took tny sister into the park, to show her the exact spot •where she had *.wice experienced go mysterious a fright. They talked of presentiments and warnings oh the way; but Mrs Long was so happy in the anticipation of her husband's speedy return, that she vas conversing without any appearance of timidity upon the subject, when, as they came to the rising ground before mentioned, she raised her eyes, changed color, and suddenly arrested her footsteps. " Helen!" she: exclaimed, mentioning my sister's name. " Look!— look out there! I pee the same thing again!" "My sister ! glanced in the direction intimated to her, and : there, sure -enough, she also saw the spectacle _ ol a mail riding on horseback along the turnpike-road, and apparently making for her o friend's .abode, but sail too far off to be distinctly recognised. "My (dear Mary," she f q replied, " that rosy he any one—a farmer or a f servant. I see no marks by which to distinguish your husband." But Mrs. Long did not answer her : she was staring at the fastapproaching rider, and my sister was fascinated, by what she had heard, to watch her in silence. On, on he came, just as lipd been described to her, in a quick canter, as tliough anxious to reach his home, until he had arrived at the drive gates, and was about to enter them. Then he seemed to change his mind, to form a sudden wish to reach wife and children a few minutes earlier; and backing his horse, spurred him at the palings. At this juncture Mrs. Long grasped my sister's arm, but she did not speak, and they continued to gaze silently at this apparition, so strangely revealed to both of them at once. They watched the phantom horse and rider rise above the fence, and then fall heavily into the ditch below, the animal above the man, and struggling violently to get free of him. Firmly believing it was but a repetition of what the wife had viewed twice before, they yet involuntarily ran up to the spot, when, instead of a myth, a vision, a mere presentiment, which should vanish at a second glance, they fouud a real horse lying on its side, a real man lying dead beneath him ! Mr. Long, having at the last moment accepted a friend's invitation to stay a night at his place, which lay between his own home aud Edinburgh, had also accepted the loan of an animal to carry him for the last few miles—the last miles that ho should ever traverse. What faculty in the wife's mind had enabled her to see twice ov»;r an act which had not j'et entered into the husband's mind to execute ? My nest story will posess more interest for most of my readers, because it happened to my father.* He was not usually accounted to have (what the iiur;es term) " any buttons short;" nor was he a particularly nervous or timid man ; yet I have heard what I am about to relate from his own lips. In one of the northern counties of England there stands an estate which I shall call Burnliam Green. It had been for many years in the possession of an old bachelor baronet, Sir Joseph Bell, who had not occupied the house, hut had allowed it to fall into decay. When he died, however, the title and place passed to a married cousin, and better days dawned for Burnham Green. Sir Harry and Lady Bell intended to live upon their property, and, with that design, thoroughly repaired and decorated the building and grounds, gave up their residence irr London, and moved all their household into Cumberland. Now, Burnham Green, in common with most dilapidated country places, had its " ghost." Sir Ilarry and Lady Bell had heard before taking possession, and, like most sensible people, had laughed at the report, and allowed it to make no difference in their plans, Eveiy old house, as a matter of consequence, has its ghost; and they were not. afraid hut that light and warmth and children's voices and happy faces would dissipate even the remembrance of theirs. The}' surround Burnham Green with luxury and amusement, filled the house with guests, and never gave the "ghost" another thought. But with all their hospitality and kindness they could not succeed in making their ahode attractive to their friends. People who accepted their invitations with alacrity, and thought Burnliam Green charming, and themselves scarcely less so, would, after a while, make paltry excuses to curtail their visits, and, with few exceptions, were found shy of being lured down here again. Lady Bell was naturally both hurt and annoyed. She had made her house and grounds everything that could be desired, and vet her friends refused to share her retirement, or to give her any plausible excuses for not doing so. What could be the reason of it ? Enquiry was made, and then it transpired that the fashionable visitors had all heard *of the ghost, chiefly through the ladies' maids; that some had even professed to see it, and none could be persuaded to remain under the same roof with it any longer. Then Sir Harry and Lady Bell, who had regarded the ghost story ( as quite unworthy the attention of educated j people, were thoughly vexed, and did all they ' could to remove the superstition respecting it which hung over the neighborhood. Thcv disinterred the whole history of the ghost, who went by the name of " The Lady of Burnham Green," and found that it was supposed to be the spirit of one of their ancestresses who had lived in the time of Elizabeth, and been suspected of poisoning her husband, whose picture always hung in one of the unused bedrooms: Lady Bell caused that bedroom to bo renovated and fitted up in a particularly cheerful manner; the painting of " the Ladj'" was cleaned and put in a new frame, and the apartment set in complete order. But no one could be found to sleep in it. The servants gave warning if it was simply proposed to them, and visitors invariably requested to have their room charged after the second or third night. Meanwhile, reports of the " Lady" having been seen in one direction and another were constantly cropping up. Guest after guest took flight to return no more, and Burnham Green was almost deserted. In this dilemma, Sir Harry and Lady Bell applied to my father, who was an old friend of theirs, for advice how to allay the terrors of their friends. My father disbelieved the tale as much as they did. He found it impossible to contradict or account for the various reports which were floating about; but he felt quite sure they could he traced to the most natural of causes, to whose interest it had not been that Burnham Green should be reinhabited, was playing a trick on its new owners, in hopes of persuading them to quit it'again. He requested Sir Harry, therefore, to allow him to occupy the haunted room for a little while, to see if he could unravel the mystery ; and accordingly not long afterwards lie -went on a visit to his friends, and was duly installed in the " Lady's Chamber," where he slept peacefully for some nights, taking the precaution, however, never to go to bed without a brace of loaded pistols under his pillow. I believe- he had been there for a week or more without seeing or hearing anything, and was thinking of returning home again, when the following incident occurred to him. It was the shooting season, and several young men were staying at Burnham Green; and : in the smoking-room one evening a discussion arose on the merits of a certain gun then neivly inrented, and which was the property of a -Mr. Lascelles, a relation of Sir Harry's. Opinions differed on'the subject, and arguments ran rather high; and after my father had retired for the night, Mr. Lascelles tapped at the door, and be»ged hini to come ver to his room and examine the weapon in uestion, and convince himself of some trifling act on which fie had thrown discredit. Sty ather had already dispossessed himself of his coat and waistcoat: but the hour was much past midnight; it was unlikely they should meet any one; and so he accompanied his young friend as he was, taking at the same time one of his pistols in his hand—" in case we meet the ghost," he said jestingly. They crosscd the corridor to Mr. Lascelles' room, stood chatting for a few minntes over the virtues of the new gun, and then my father stepped out again into the passage, preparatory to returning to his own apartment. Mr. Lascelles still accompanied him—"just to protect you f rom the ghost," he said, in imitation of the former allusion ; for the ghost story had been well handled and laughed over in the smoking-room. The corridor they had to traverse was long and dark, for the lamps which hung in its deep niches had been extinguished at midnight; but as they entered it, they saw a dim light advancing from the farther end—a light held by a female figure. " Bv Jove !" exclaimed Mr. Lascelles, " here is one of the ladies going up to the nurseries." There were a few unsuspecting quests assembled at Burnham Green that autumn, and the rooms in which their little families were located were situated above the story on which the friends stood. At Mr. Lascelles's remark, my fathers's sensitive modesty took alarm. He did not fancy meeting a lady to whom he was almost a stranger in the desabiUe of shirt and trousers; and, with the design of escaping her notice, he pulled his companion to one side. The rooms in the corridor were placed opposite each other, and were approached by double doors, the first of which, on being opened, disclosed a small entry and the second door, which led to the bedchamber itself. Many persons, on entering their rooms, only closed tin's second door, leaving the other standing open ; and thus, when Mr. Lascelles and my fatherstepped into one of these recesses, they were enabled to shelter themselves behind the half-closed portal. There, in the gloom, they crouched together, very much inclined to laugh, I have no doubt, at the situation in which they found themselves: but terribly afraid lest by a betiayal of their illegal presence they should alarm the occupant of the bedroom before which thej' stood, or the lady who was advancing to the place of their concealment. Very slowly she advanced, or so it seemed to them ; but they could watch the glimmer of her lamp through the crack of the door; and presently my father, who had pertinaciously kept his eyes there, gave the half-smothered exclamation—" Lascelles ! By Jove !—the LadyV' He had studied the picture of the supposed apparition carefully, was intimate with every detail of her dress and appearance, and felt that he could not be mistaken iu the red-satin sacqne, white stomacher and petticoat, •• high-standing frill and cushioned hair of the figure now advancing towards them. " A splendid make up," he said beneath his breath ; " but whoever has done it shall find I know a trick worth two of his." But Mr. Lascelles said nothing. Imposition or not, he did not like the looks of the Lady of Burnham Green. Oil she came, quiet'and dignified, looking neither to the right nor to the hilt; whilst my father corked his pistol, and stood ready for her. He expected she would pass their place of hiding, and intended to pursue and make her speak to him ; but instead of that, the dim light gained thn door, and then stood still. Lassies shuddered. He was a brave man, but sensitive, even my father's iron nerves prompted him to he quiescent. In another moment the lamp moved on again, came closer, closer; anil round the half-closed door, gazing inquisitively at them, as though really curious to see who was there, peered the pale face and the cruel eyes of the lady of Burnham Green. Simultaneously mv father pushed open the door aud confronted her. She stood before him in the corridor, just as shestood in the picture in his bedroom, but with a smile of malicious triumph on her face ; and goaded on by her expression, hardly knowing what he did, he raised his pistol and fired full at her. The ball penetrated the door of the room opposite to where they stood; and -with the same smile upon her facp, she passed through the panels and disappeared.— Belgravia Annual. ? 