BS1SSELI.AHE08JS. " The Pacific Mails"r-Quiet husbands. A flighty sort of fellow — A balloonatic. Something like an automaton — A reading book. How long does a widow monrh? — For a second. " Teeth extracted with great pains," is the ad vertisement of a Washington dentist. To Young Ladies. — Eeep your eyes wide open | before marriage, but half shut afterwards. I " Well, there's something in that," as the man j said when he tried fco pat a boot on with a kitten in it. A veteran merchant says, that although his clerks are; veiy talkative during the day, they are always ready to shut tip at night. . A young lady pianist, who has been pwu«haig " Let nae kiss him for. his mother," says the more she tries the better she likes it. Composition. — A musical author, being asked if he had composed anything lately, replied, " My I last work was a composition with my creditors." Heart and Stomach. — There are few men who have the good of their fellows nearest -their heart.; But there are more men who have their j stomach nearest their heart. Quarts. — It is. said that some babies are so small that they can creep into a quart measure, but the way that some adults can walk into such measures is astonishing. Quite Sufficient.-— An eminent surgeon says that spiritualism is a disease that can be cured by tincture of iron and strychnine. We should think strychnine alone would be sufficient. Curious Fact. — A gentleman -took a lady out to ride the other evening, and. come home with a false curl attached to the button on the side of his - cap. He wonders how it could have got there. Fat Hogs. — An Irish newspaper claims that the pigs of Kerry are so fat that in order to find out where their heads are it is necessary to make them squeal, and then judge by the sound. Very Good. — " Is your note good ?" asked a merchant the other day of a person who offered a note for a lot of goods. " Well," replied the purchaser, " I should think it ought to be ; every body's got one." "Examine his Mouth for his Age."— ^Rec tor's daughter (to Sunday- school boy) : " Ob, you have an elder brother ; well, how old is he ?" — Schoolboy: " Dunno', Miss, but he's just started o' swearing." The Chicago women find a mild, form of dissi pation in chewing gum. A pious lady of fashion announced to her friends her intention of keeping Lent this year by giving up her gum till Easter — if she could. Dead Language.— A man who pretended to have seen a ghost, was asked what the ghost skid to him. " How" should I understand," replied the narrator, " what he said ? I am not skilled in any of the dead languages." Not the Present.— Aristocratic Collector of Articles of Vertu to Unsophisticated though j wealthy Parvenue : " Mrs. Figgins, this is a re markable fine bust of .Marcus Aurelius!" — Mrs. F. : " Is that the present marquis, my lord, or 'iB father?" Judge B— , in reprimanding a criminal, among other names called him a scoundrel. The prisoner replied, "Sir, I am not as big a scoun drel as your honour" — here the culprit stopped, but finally added — " takes me to be." "Put your words closer together," said the judge, red dening. Clever. Provision. — A paper recording leas ing certain premises to a lady during the term of her natural life provides that she shall pay a certain rent yearly, and she shall quit and deliver up the premises to the lessor, or. her attorney, peaceably and quietly at the end of the term." 1 A famous judge had a habit of begging, pardon on every occasion. At .the close of the assize, as he was about to leave the bench, the officer of the court reminded him that he had not passed sentence;of death on one of ; the criminals as he had intended. " Dear me," said his lordship, "I reaUy beg iiis pardon— bring him in!" Plenty of Wind. — In absence of any other .. j messenger, a colonel sent word to the band, by the surgeon, that . some music was wanted.— " Can't bio w a note," said the dram-major, " for we haven't had anything to eat yet."— "No j excuse at all,"" said the doctor" blow away, there's 1 always plenty of wind in mi empty stomach." Prosaic Conclusion. — " My dear boy," said a lady, to a precocious youth of sixteen, " does I yonr father design yon to . tread the intricate and thorny paths of a profession, the straight and I narrow paths of the ministry, or revel in the j flowery;; fields of literature ?" " No, inarm, I dad says he's going to set me' to work-in the tater : field/' , '-7—. - -" 7 - . 7'. The Tichborne- .Case Matched. — A corre spondent of The the statement that the length of the Tichborne case wifl be un- ; exampled is not well founded. Sbme few hundred yearn ago fchere arose a dispute regard-; ing a bearing in the coat of arins of the Rutland ' family, and fhie rright of ' another great ' house to , its adoption. On this trial -Chaucei gave evidence. It lasted through one wholecentniy and the latter part of the preceding' aiid fornier' part of . the; sue-, ceedihgiones; =., > . - A chaplain of a prison an enthusiastic devotee to the temperance reform bad the idea, that most , of the convicts were incarcerated because of the use of; whisky.'' In his round he met a sturdy man of many stripes, and put the usual question to him, i" Had whisky any thing to do with, bring- : ing you here?" - ' Everything, Air,-- everything," y exclaimed thetoan. Thfe chaplshi .was encouraged, andeagerlyinqnired jbewifcwasu; r I'll tell you bo TTbb judge was drunk, audi the Slayyergwgr all drunk, and they 3b0j|g4fc me in guilty." "l" ' J"\; ' - V, : t -l "ramembbrs i r though it must be sixty yeah agojw eustom, still j fingering in aome parts of iher ;oountacy y bf the' j preeehtor veadiiog OUt efceh Single'' it ' j wto ""tUng ' by thd bbh|gtojgr4tibii;n Tbis practice j gave rito to a somewhat ualuoky introduotion of a j Scotland the communion tables are placed m the Kcenfre bf the church. After sermon and1 prayer; j the skajts round these tablesfabtoppje v th0 jycomtounicants while the psium- As heing &bngM; 1 One communion Sunday, the Wtopentor observed I mb&fbrei; (hem. Beoig< J««fy3tolbu tor dheir 1 commbflation, he called out to ap individual he considered to be the pripp aele ia l olearing the passage, " Come back, . Jb%pet I in "the noble family of. v Jfigiaritiiie f i turning to his psalm bboki he tQoV Wy, 1 and went en to poad the linb w Wfc xnitho 