' ' A STRANGE STORY. THE Washington Patriot publishes a curious story, which it calls a Values "secret hktpry^The^orld, does not know that the war which has inflicted such untold calamities. upon two great nations, and turned back the hands of progresses the dial of civilization, might and probably would, not have occurred but for a cause entirely personal, and involving the ambitious . aspirations of one of our own countrywomen. His Majesty UTn Fe France, father of the king of Por local somewhat surprised European Courts, as well as his immediate friends, by a sudden marriage, eighteen months ago, with Miss E. Hensler, to whom he had been much attached during nine previous years She was born in Boston, of respectable German parents in humble life, and educated in Italy for the operatic stage, by the aid of a few liberal patrons of art, who had discovered her precocious talent for music and her fine voice. After completing her studies abroad she returned to the United States, but failed to reach the eminence of which her early youth had given cheerful promise. Seeking another field for professional success, she went again to Europe, and in 1860 became attached to the opera at Lisbon, where the widowed King Consort was first attracted by her beauty, vivacity, and other charms. Then began the acquaintance which terminated in her becoming the wife of a Coburg who had shared the throne of Portugal with Donna Maria II. Just previous to the marriage the Duke of Saxe-Coburg conferred upon her the title of Countess d'Edln, so as to obliterate even a nominal connection with the past or with her American nativity. That repeated overtures were made by JL rim mm his colleagues to induce Dom Fernando to accept the throne of Spain is no secret He refused to give any encouragement to these proposals, and, an effort in that direction, made in the earlier part of 1860, only a few months before his marriage, was repelled with so much decision as to be considered even rude to the Spanish people But after marriage came social cm harassment and new ideas, which the Government at Madrid was prompt to seize upon, in the hope of overcoming the prejudice of Dom Fernando, by the temptation of high honours for his wife, who, by a transition to the Court at Madrid, would become the equal, if not the superior, of those who had welcomed her with coldness, and not from choice The Spanish Minister at Lisbon was instructed to approach his Majesty with delicate suggestions, and found him willing to entertain the subject so that informal negotiations were opened, and made considerable progress last spring Dom Fernando proposed certain conditions, perhaps with a view of ultimately dictating the terms for a matter which was much nearer his heart, as will appear in the sequel For example, he required that the crowns of Spain and Portugal should never be united on the same head seeking by this means to preserve the throne of Portugal for his son and his descendants After some discussion, the Spanish Government accepted the condition, with this modification Except if, in the course of a sovereign Sec Dom Fernando refused to adopt any reservation on that point He also demanded that certain amendments should he made to the Spanish constitution before accepting the throne but the Gov- eminent at Madrid objected to submit that question to the Cortes until after his election as King these negotiations occupied several months, and were once or twice suspended entirely as hopeless, but renewed by friendly intervention Finally they were broken off! altogether and the causes already stated were assigned as the reasons of the failure But persons who are familiar with all the facts attribute the rupture to another and a very different notice At one of the last interviews between Dom Fernando and the Spanish Minister, at which the Countess d Ldla was presented, his Majesty inquired what would be the eventual position of his wife should he go to Spain After putting this question he with drew, leaving Madame and the Minister to settle the delicate point between them. The Minister stated that she was at liberty to name any title, distinction, or do sation adding that she would always be the first lady of the palace to which the Countess replied ' So far so good, but his Majesty desires in position to be as clear as possible What I wish to know is, what will he my part on great ceremonials like the opening of the Cortes, or other corresponding occasions The aim of this inquiry was evident, and the Minister was not taken by surprise He rejoined that she might be made a duchess or grandee, 01 have any other title, but as " Queen-fitter, NEVEU ' ' This took place on the 13th of July, and when the conference was going on there was a perfect understanding that the refusal of Dom Fernando to take the throne would involve the most grave complications and probably the war which is still raging, for it was then known that the Spanish Government intended to turn to his Majesty s son-in-law, the Prince of Hohenzollern, it the negotiations completely faded As soon as it became certain that there was no pro balusters inducing Dom Fernando to go to Madrid, unless the Countess d Ldla was recognised as Queen, the offer was made to Hohenzollern So it may be said that a great European war, with all its vast consequences, is to be attributed to the unsatisfied ambition of a Boston girl NAPOLEON AND THE LETTER Madame genius, with a taste for the curious in facts and the supernatural in speculation, has made the following discoveries of the wonderful powers of the letter M. Mnrbcef was the first to recognise the genius of Napoleon I. at the Military College. Marengo was the first great battle won by General Bonaparte, and the Melas made room for him in Italy. Mortimer was one of his best generals ; Moreau betrayed him, and Murat was the first martyr to his cause. Marie Louise shared his highest fortunes ; Moscow was the abyss of rum into which he fell. Metternich vanquished' him in the field of diplomacy. Six marshals (Massena, Mortier, Marmont, Macdonald, Murat, Money), and twenty six division!, under Napoleon I. had the letter "'''If " for their initial. Maria, Duke of 'Bassano, was the most trusted counsellor. His first battle was that; of Montcnotte, his last, Mont St Jean, as the French term Waterloo. He won the battles of Mille'smo, Mondovi, Montmirail, and Montereau ;r then came the storming of Montmartre Milan was the first enemy's capital, and Moscow the last tive whichever marched victorious. He lost Egypt' through Menon, and employed Miollis tO) take rains. EVIL. i prisoner. Mallet conspired against him a Murat was the first? to desert him, then Marmonts Three of his Ministers were Market, Montalivet, L andi.'Mallieut'jiliis first " chamberlain was Montesquieu. , Iliff. last0haUirlg place was Malmaison. The surrendered to Captain Maitland, of the Bellerophon,' and, his companions in St. Helena Vere Montholoii, and his valet, March land. If we turn to the career of his nephew, Napoleon III., we find the same letter no less' processors, and it is said that the captive of Wilhelmshqhc attaches even greater importance to its 'mystic influence than did his uncle. " IDs' Empress wore a Countess Montejo ; his greatest friend was Mony. The taking of Malakoff and the mamelon vert were the exploits of the Crimean war peculiarly Trench. He planned his first battle of the tralian campaign] at Marengo, although it was not fought until after the engagement of Montebello! at Magenta! ' McMahon, for his important services in this battle, was named the Duke of Magenta, as Pelissier had for a similar merit received the title of Duke of Malakoff. Napoleon III. then made his entry into Milan, and drove the Austrians out of Marignand. After the fearful battle on the Mincio of Solferino',, he turned back before the walls of Mantua. Thus, up to 1859, since when the latter M would seem to have been ominous of evil. Passing over Mexico and Maximilian, we see how vain have been his hopes, founded on three M's of the present war Marshal MacMahon, Count Montauban, and the Mitrailleuse ! Mayence was to have been the basis for the further operations of the French, army, but, pushed back first to the Moselle, its doors was sealed on the Mouse, at Sedan. Lastly, we have to notice the fall of Metz and all these late disasters are owing to another M. which is inimical to the third Napoleon, and this is a capital M-. Moltke. i A luKktr.-oi;T IUSTWBBN A COUPLE or READING?]-' AN English journal relates the following amusing incident: One come thought the day would over come in England when a fight would take place be- tween two beadles ; yet on New Year's eve; when the church bells were ringing the old year out and the new year in two beadles were actually engaged in, a deadly struggle in the church of St. George the Martyr, Southwark. Full particulars of the engagement were given at the Southwark Police Court, on Saturday, when John Mason, is a scripture reader and beadle. appointed by the Bishop of Winchester four or, George the Martyr, was charged with assaulting Henry Goodman, a head appointed by the vestry Mid churchwardens and vice versa 7s '2 T Goodman was charged with assault- ing J chu _ Mason. It was after the midnight . ci vice in the church on New Year's eve that these two ?, i step fell out. Which of them was in the right sum which in the wrong it would be difficult to say. five Raised impression. is that a beadle " can do no wrong, and it would he not. only invidious Kyle v Trewin Pray too closely into the circumstances which led: to the altercation. The worthy magistrate attributing. the battle to jealousy; and as there 'are . , t , I cannot be " two kings in Brentford," be probably there cannot be two beaches at St. George's Church' without one of them ultimately s wallet wing up the soldiers -It is interesting to observe that urged by some high instinct, the combatants felt that no mortal eye, but their, own should witness the outburst of their noble rage. Goodman, it seems, according to Mason's evidence, was fighting with a man on the steps of the church a crowd assembled, when the indignant Mason pulled his wring brother inside the church " telling him it was scandalous conduct fighting at the church doors." Goodman then knocked Mason down, but future historians will find some difficulty in giving the details of the affair, for no one was present but the combatants, unless the ghosts of Bishop Bonner, and Cocker the arithmetician, who were both buried in St. George's, Southwark, were tempted by the unusual spectacle of a midnight fight between two bodies to rise from their resting places. The struggle, however, must have been severe, for it was only brought to a conclusion by the appearance of the bellringers and the police. Mr. Benson, the ' magistrate, with great emotion, fined Mason 106, on the ground that Goodman, being appointed by a bishop, was a higher class of beadle than Mason, who derived his authority from a vestry, and here let us hope the matter will end, for England is but ill prepared for any war, still less for a war among her beaches. THE inhabitants of Rheims, says a French paper, have, it is well known, been compelled for some time past by the Prussian governor to carry lanterns when- ever they go out at night. Every evening, therefore, the carés were illuminated after a gloomy fashion by great stable lamps hung on the hat pegs under the hats of their owners. A hatter in the place determined to improve on the system ; he exposed Chinese lanterns for sale in his window, the lower part of which contained a pasteboard cap, so that the lantern might be worn on the head and the upper part of it lighted. In the window was a placard advertising " Coiffures d'ordonnance." The Prussian officials, however, seized the unlucky lantern hats, and informed the latter that it he repeated the offence he would instantly be transported to Prussia. 