— HANNAH.* A NOVEL. r auihoit of "John Halifax, 0v ibe Gentleman. ever feared that the troth should be heard jjiit those whom the truth wad iudite." ' —Burns, Chapter VIII, „),•« first feeling on discovering ner gannaus " abgence was intense relief, rtjrotlier-in- a t over the BoUtary breakfast flheOi ®s " rame unto her an uneasiness .table. tliere He had done exactly what she ak'Dt0^nne- what, in spite of her lnstinc had she had decided was unwise and live ^"to do-he had run away. cowardJj ^ ., fr0m the scandal? But Fr0!? Jn* all false, and they innocent, what sin0?1 Xr' Could they not live it down ? did ^' things had appeared in the long iDrea, nf the night, in that clear light of patches of with the touch 0£ her darling's inorm?riil lingering about her neck, Hannah she could live it do wn. Perhaps he .{eH that sue he wftg afraid—and a cold could over her—a conviction that he was „vk friend she did not quite believe. In,tb »?U Bernard's affaire-knew that iSheBD0W ,adan 0id college companion ill -thongn "o n0 friend close enough to suddenly and compulso.ily from all take he who so hated going from home, ir, he roust have gone on her account, and >e®' seSeuce of what happened last nigh . SfiAt impulse of relief aud gratitude sank Sernn her sort of feehng. He had cer iin?Va run away, leaving her to fight the ' .inne That is, if he meant them to bal 1 > Lt If not, if he wished her to leave ^ in his absence he would perhaps take 4im' Lrunity of telling her so. L°r not yet-not even yet-did that other inrinn of the difficulty suggest itself to « oh'fl mind. "Had she looked at the 5 grave face reflected in the mirror op s!.iiP had she beard the patient, tender voice Wuisifered Rosie's infantile exactions— rb «he had gone and fetched the child, as ?na1 after breakfast-tbe truth would at have occurred to her—concerning any Xr woman. But it did not concerning her if • or only iu that form—a rather sad, but Xctfo safe one-not that her brother-iu-law {^flowing fond of her. but that she was lowing fond of him; fond enough to make I:. mnrnsee. or any other catastrophe which 6 pan the®, not so indifferent to her as 'Xfstffithi^was only affection. Hannah W never had a brother, her nearest approach JTthe tie having been her cousin Arthur, «ho from his extreme gentleness and delicacy «f health was less like a brother than a sister ,, even after he changed into a lover. Now when not one spark of passion, only .sacred tenderness, was mixed up with the thought of him, his memoir was less that of a man than an angeL In truth, only since she had lived with Mr. Rivers had Hannah found out what it was to associate with a real man, at once strong and tender, who put a woman in her right place by conscientiously siting his own with regard to her, and being to her at once a shelter and a shield. Poor Hannah! she had grown so accus tomed now to be taken care of, that she felt if fate thrust her out into the bitter world again, she should be as helpless as one of (those little fledglings about whom, in the intervals of her meditations, she was telling Rosie a pathetic story. And when Rosie said. "Poor 'ittledicky-birds!" and looked quite sad, then, seeing Annt Hannah look sad too - •alas ! not about " dicky-birds"—burst into the sympathetic sobbing of her innocent age, Aunt Hannah's heart felt like to break. It would have broken many a time that day, but for the blessed necessity of keeping a bright face before the child. Ay, even though sometimes there occurred to her, with a refined self-torture, the thought of what she should do if Mr. Rivers sent her away without Rosie. But she did not seriously fear this—he could not be capable of such -cruelty. If he were—why. Aunt Hannah was quite capable of—something else which he might not exactly like, and which, per haps, the unpleasant English law might call child-stealing. And she remembered a story, a true story, of an aunt who had once travelled from England to America,^ and (there fairly kidnapped from _ some wicked relations her dead sister's child: pretended •to take it out for a walk, and fled over snow -sod through forests, travelling by night and hiding by day, till she caught the New York -steamer, and sailed, safe and triumphant; for English shores. " As I would sail, for Australia or America, any day, if he drives me to it. Oh, Rosie! you little know what a desperate woman Tannie could be made!" And Rosie laughed in her face, and stroked fit. and said, " Good Tannic, pretty Tannie!" till the demon sank down, and the pure •angel that always seems to look out of baby* eyes comforted Hannah in spite of herself. Afo one can be altogether wretched, for long together, who has the charge of a healthy, Atopy, loving little child. Snnday came, but Mr. Rivers did not re turn ; sending as substitute in his pulpit an eld college chum, who reported that he bad deft London for Cambridge, and was staying there in his old college; at which Lady fibers expressed herself much pleased. "He shuts himself up far too much at home, which would be natural enough if he had a wife ; but for a man in Bernard's cir -cumstances is perfectly lidiculons. I hope -he will now see his mistake, and correct it." Hannah answered nothing. She knew she •was being talked at, as was the habit of the Moat-house. Her only protection was not to «em to hear. She had, as he desired, taken Bernard's message to his family, even showing the letter, and another letter she got from Mm respecting Mr. Hewlett the clergyman, ;«ao evidently meant to be shown. Indeed, he wrote almost daily to her, about some parish business or other, for Hannah had be* -come to him like her lost sister—his "onrato in Petticoats." Bnt every letter wastbe briefest, most matter-of-fact possible, beginning "My dear sister," and ending "your affectionate Mother." Did he do this intentionally, or Mike his epistles public intentionally? She rather thought so. A wise, kind precaution^ gg* aQy friendship""which requirw'pre ■Jfr day Hannah delivered her (ffltther.in.iavr'e messages and transacted his speaking and looking as calmly as •i his mere locum tenens, bis faithfql ,nc.ura*®i as if her throat were not choking tklf n- &&^B trembling: with that horrible ^f^fP^fins ever present to her mind. She whether it had ever reached aaz {Lvsafcas ••iSawsss»rfrs2Wsi!r present, and a slight coldness in other houses, which might or inieht not have been her own morbid fancy, she discovered nothing. The clBroBmon »«»' »-— • •" . The clergyman by BMnard beiag of no BBSS « WA-tSIffi „(-i. - *» u«gn worialy standing,-but only just a poor "coach" at Cambridge, was not invited to stay at the Moat-house; so Miss Thelluson had to enter tain bim herself till Monday. It was an easy task enough ; he was very meek, very quiet, and veiy full of admiration of Mr. Rivers concerning whose college life he told Hannah stones without end. She listened with an interest strangely warm and tender. For the tales were all to his credit, and proved him to have been then as now—a man who, even as a young man, was neither afraid of being good nor ashamed of being amiable. They made her almost forgive herself for another fact which bad alarmed and startled her—that she missed him so much. People of Hannah's character, accustomed of sad necessity to stand alone, until self dependent solitude becomes second nature, do not often " miss" other people. They like their friends well enough, are glad to meet and sorryto part; but still no ordinary parting brings with it that intense sense of loss of which Hannah was painfully conscious now her brother-in-law was away. She had thought the child was enough company, and so Ros/e was, in daylight hours; the little imperious darling who ruled Aunt Hannah with a rod of iron, except when Aunt Hannah saw it was for the child's good to govern her, when she turned the tables with a firm gentle ness that Rosie never disobeyed. But after Rosie had gone to bed, the blank silence which seemed to fall upon the honse was in describable. Ob, the lonely tea-table'.—for she had abolished seven o'clock dinners; oh, the empty drawing-room, with its ghostly shadows ana strange noises! The happy home felt as dreary as Bernard must have found it after poor Rosa died. In the long hoars of evening Bolitude, Hannah's thoughts, beaten back by the never- ceasing business of the day, re turned in battalions, attacking her on every weak side, often from totally opposite sides, so that she retired worsted to her inner self— the little Becret chambers which her soul had dwelt in ever since Bhe was a child 1 Yet even there was no peace now. Bernard had let himself into her heart, with that wonderful key of sympathy which he so well knew how to use, and even in her deepest and most sacred self she was entirely her own no more. Continually she wanted him—to talk to, to argue with, to langh with, nay, even to laugh at sometimes. She missed him everywhere, in everything, with the bitter want of those who, having lived together for many months, come inevitably, as was before said, either to dislike one another excessively, or,—that other alternative which is sometimes the most fatal Of the two—to love one another. Such love has a depth and passion to which common feelings can no more be compared -than the rolling of a noisy brook to the solemn flow of a silent river, which bears life or death in its waveless but inexorable tide. Ay, it was life or .death. Call affection bjr what name yon will, when it becomes ali absorbing it can, in the case of persons not akin by blood, lead bat to one result, the love whose right end is marriage. When Hannah, as her brother-in- law's continued absence gave ber more time for solitary reflection she had had for many months, came face to face with the plain fact, how close they had grown, and how necessary they were to one another, she began, startled, to ask herself, if this so-called sisterly feeling were really sisterly? What if it were not? What if she had deceived herself, and that sweet, sad, morning dream which she had thought pro tected her from all other dreams of love and marriage, had been, after all, only a dream, and this the reality ? Or would it have grown into such, had she and Bernard met as perfect strangers, free to fall in love and marry as strangers do? "Suppose we had—suppose such a thing had been possible," thought she. And then came a second thought Why was it impos sible ? Who made it so—God or man ? Hannah had hitherto never fairly con sidered the matter, not even when Grace's misery brought it home. With her natural dislike to what she called " walking through mnddy water," she had avoided it as one does avoid any needlessly unpleasant thing. Now, when sbe felt herself turning hot and cold at every new idea which entered her mind, and beginning to tbink of ber brother-in-law—not at all as she was wont to think, the question came startlingly—was she right or wrong in so doing ? For she was one of those women after the type of Jeanie in " Auld Robin Gray," to whom tbe mere fact— " I drama tliiuk of Jamie, for that wad be a sin," was the beginning and end of everything. But was it a sin ? Could she find anything in the Bible to prove it snch? She took down a "Concordance," and searched oat all the texts which bore upon the subject, but found none, except that prohibition adduced once by Mrs. Dixon—"Thonshalt not take a wife to ber sister in her lifetime"—of which the straightforward, natural interpretation was that, consequently, it might be done after her death. Right or wrong. That, as Mr. Rivers had more than once half satirically told ber, was, in all things, the sole question in Hannah's mind. As for the social and legal point—law ful marriage—that, she knew, was impossible ; Bernard had said so himself. But was the love which desired marriage—absolate love, as distinguished from mere affection—also a sin ? If it should Bpring up in her heart—of bis sbe never thought—should, she have to smother it down as a wicked thing ? That was ber terror, and that alone. Tbe rest, and whatever it most result in, was mere misery; and Hannah was not afraid of misery, only of sin. Yet, when day after day Bernard's absence lengthened, and except these constant business letters she had no personal tidings whatever from bim, there grew in her mind a kind of fear. The house felt so empty withonthim, that she sometimes caught herself wondering how he managed without her—who brought him his hat and gloves and arranged his daily memoranda— for, Uke most other excellent men, he was a little disorderly, and very dependent upon the women about him. Who would take care of bim, and Me that he had the food he liked, and the warm wraps he required ? All these thoughts came continually hack upon Hannah, in a piteously human, tender shape, quite different bom that dim dream-love, that sainted remembrance of her lost Ar thur. He was not a man, like Bernard, helpless even while helpful, requiring one woman s whole thought and care—he was an angel among the angels. none tne angeis. That power which every good man has to turn all his female minis treats into slaves, by being himself the very opposite of a tyrant; who can win from all household hearts thB most loyal devotion, because exacting none— this, the best prerogative and truest test of real manhood, was Bernard's in a very great degree. It was, as Hannah had onoe in* Ut%TYKJ* m irao) ■■wishwhi ■ ■ — . . nooently told him, a Messing to lire with him, he made other people's lives so bright She bad ho idea how uric the house could feel till he was gone—till, day after day slipping the time into a bouse without a master, a solar system without a sun. When she recognised tliis, the sense of her fast-coming fate darkened down upon Han nah. She was not a young girl, to go on deceiving herself to the end; nay, hers was the kind of nature that cannot deceive itself if it would. During the first week of Bernard's absence she would have almost gone wild sometimes, but for the strong conviction like poor Grace's, alas!—that she had done nothing wrong, and the feeling, still stronger, that she could always bear anything which only harmed herself. Then she had the child. In all that dread ful time, which afterwards she looked back upon as a sort of nightmare, she kept Rosie always beside her. Looking in her darling's face—the little fragile flower which had blos somed into strength under her care, the piece of white paper upon which any careless hand might have scribbled anything, to remain in delible through life—then Annt Hannah took heart even in her misery. She could have done no wrong, since, whatever happened to herself, she had saved, by coming to Easter bam, the child. On the second Saturday of Mr. Rivers's absence, Hannah was sitting on the floor with Rosie in the drawing-room, between the lights. It had been a long, wet, winter day, and bad begun with a perplexing visit from the churchwarden, wanting to know if the vicar bad come home, and, if not, what must be done for Snnday. Hannah had had no letter, and could not tell; could only suggest that a neighbouring clergyman might pro bably bave to be sent for, and arrange who it should be. And the vexed look of the old churchwarden—a respectable farmer—a cer tain wonder he showed at his principal's long absence—"so very unlike our parson"— together with a slight incivility to herself, which Hannah, so fearfully observant now, fancied she detected in his manner, made her restless and unhappy for hoars after. Not till she had Rosie beside her, and drank of the divine lethe-cup which infant hands alwayB bring, did the painful impression subside. Now, in the peace of firelight within, and a last amber gleam of rainy sun set without, she and Rosie had the world all to themselves; tiny fingers curled tightly round hers, with the sweet, imperative "Tannic, turn here!"and a little, blue and white fairy held out its mushroom-like frock, with " Rosie dance, Tannie sing!" And Tannie did sing, with a clearness and cheer fulntss long foreign to her voice; yet she had had a sweet voice when she was a girL When this, her daily business of delight, came, the tempting spirits, half angel, half demon, which bad begun to play at hide-and seek through the empty chambers of poor Hannah's heart, fled away, exorcised by that magic spell which heaven gives to every house that owns a child. She was sitting there, going through "Mary, Mary, quite contrary," "Banbury Cross, the history of the young gentleman who "put in his thumbs and pulled out the plums," with other noble nursery traditions, all sung to tnnes composed on the spot, in that sweet, clear soprano which always made Rosie put up her small fingers with a .mysterious " Hark! Tannie's singing!" when a ring came to the door-belL Hannah's heart almost stopped heating. Should she fly? Then there was a familiar voice in the hall, and Rosie shrieked out in an ecstasy, "Papa come ! papa come!" Should she hide ? Or should she stay, with the child beside her, a barrier against evil eyes and tongues without, and miserable thoughts within? Yes, that was the best thing, and Hannah did it Mr. Rivers came in ; and, shaking hands with his sister-in-law, took his little girl in his anns. Rosie clung to him in an ecstacy of delight. She, too, had not forgotten papa. "I thought she would forget" he said." " Baby memories are short enough." " Bat Rosie is not a baby; and papa has only been away 11 days." Eleven days!—then he would know she had counted them. As soon as the words were uttered, Hannah could have bitten her tongue out with sbame. But no ; he did not seem to notice them, or anything but his little girL He set Rosie ou his lap, and began playing with her, but fit fully and absently. He looked cold, pale, ilL At last he said, in a pathetic kind of way— "Hannah, I wish you would give me a glass of wine. 1 am so tired." And the eyes which were lifted up to hers for a minute had in them a world of weari ness and sadness. They drove out of Han- { nah's mind all thoughts of how and why she ; and he bad parted, and what might happen now they met, and threw her back into the old domestic relationship between them. She took out her keys, got nun food and drink, and watched him take both, and revive after them, with almost her bid pleasure. _ Nay, she scarcely missed the old affectionate "Thank yon, Hannah, you are so good," which never came. Presently, when Rosie, growing too restless for him, was dismissed with the customary " Do take her, Aunt Hannah, nobody can manage her but yon." Hannah carried the little one to bed, and so disappeared, not a word or look having been exchanged between them except about the child. Still, as she left bim sitting in his arm-chair by his own fireside, which he said he found so " cosy," she, like little Rosie, was conscious of but one feeling—gladness that papa was come borne. At dinner, too, how the whole table looked bright, now that the master's place was no longer vacant! Hannah resumed hers; and, in spite of the servant's haunting eyes and greedy ears, on the watch for every look and word that passed between these two innocent sinners, there was a certain peace and con tent in going back to the old ways once more. When they were left alone together, over dessert, Mr. Rivers looked round the cheer ful room, saying, half to himself, "How comfortable it is to be at home!" and then smiled across the table to her, as if saying mutely what he had said in words a hundred times, that it was she who made his home so comfortable. And Hannah smiled in return, forgetting everything except the pleasantness of having bim back (gain—the pure delight and rest in one another's society, which is at the root of all true friendship, all deep love. They did not talk much, indeed talking seemed dangerons; bnt they sat a long time , in their opposite seats as they had sat day | after day for so many months, trying to think, feel, and speak the same as heretofore. But ft was in vain. In this, as in all false positions, the light once admitted conld never again be hidden from; the door once opened conld never be shut Mr. Riven proposed going to the drawing room at once. I want to talk to yon; and here the servants might he coming in." Hannah Mushed violently, ana then hated herself for doing so, Why should she be afraid of the servants ooming in? Why tremble because he "wanted to talk to her?" each n common occurrence,—a bit or their every-day life; which went on, and must go on, externally, just the same as before. room. It was the prettiest room in thehoose ; foil of everything that a man of taste and refine ment could desire, in order to make—and it does help to make—a happy home. Yet the master of it looked round with infinite sad ness in his eyes, as if it gave him no pleasure, as if he hardly saw it. "Hannah," be said at last, when they had gone through the form of tea, and she had taken her work—another empty form, for her hands shook so Bhe could hardly thread her needles—"Hannah, I had bettet not put off my business with you—my message to yon, rather. You must understand I fulfil it simply as a matter of duty. I hope you will not be offended 2" " I offended 2" "You ought not to be, I think, in any case. No lady should take offence becanse an honest man presumes to love her. But I may as well speak out plainly. My friend More comb " "Ob, is it that matter, again ? I thought I was to bear no more of it." _ "You never would have done from me, but circumstances have altered a little, and I have been overborne by the opinion of others." " What others ?" "Lady Rivers" (Hannah started angrily). "To her, wisely or foolishly, Morecomb has appealed; and, by her advice, has again written to me. They both put it to me that it is my duty, as your brother-in-law, once more to lay the matter before you, and beg you to reconsider your decision. His letter— which I do not offer to show you, for he might not like it, and, besides, there are things said in it to myself which none but a very old friend would venture to say—his letter is thoroughly straightforward, manly, and generous. It makes me think, for the first time, that he is almost worthy of you. In it he says—may I repeat to you what he says ?" | Hannah bent her head. "That his conviction of your worth and his | attachment to yourself is such, that if yon will only allow him to love yon he shall be satis fied, and trust to time for the rest. He entreats you to marry him at once, and let him take you from Easterham, and place you in the position which, as his wife, yon would of course have, and which he knows—we all know—you would so worthily fill." Bernard had said all this like a person speaking by rote, repeating carefully and literally all that he had before planned to say, and afraid of committing himself by the alteration of a word. Now he paused, and waited for an answer. It came not. " He desires me to tell you that, besides the rectory, he has a good private income; that his two daughters are both married; and that, in case of his'death, you will be well, provided for. It is a pleasant parish and a charming house. You would have a peaceful home, away, and yet not very far away, from Easterham. You might see Rosie every week " Here Hannah turned slowly round, and for the first time Bernard saw her face. " Good heavens 1" he cried. " What have I done 2 I meant no harm—Morecomb meant no harm." " No," she answered, in a hard, dry tone. " He meant—I quite understand it, you see, and, since I understand it, why should I not speak of it?—he meant to stop the months of Easterham by marrying me, and taking me away from your house. He is exceedingly kind—and you also." " I ?-obj Hannah 1—12" " Why distress yourself ? Do not I say you are exceedingly kind 2" But she seemed hardly to know what she was saying. Her horrible humiliating posi tion between her brother-in-law and her brother-in-law's friend, the one having un willingly affixed the stain upon her name, which the other was generously trying to remove, burst upon her with an agony un told. "Whydid I ever come here? Why were yon so cruel as to ask me to come here ? I came in all innocence. I knew nothing. You, a man, ought to have known." He turned deadly pale. " You mean to say I ought to have known that, although the law considers you my sister, yon are not my sister, and our living together as we do would expose us to remarks such as John Dixon made the other night. Most true; I ought to have known. Was that all 2 or did you mean anything more than that 2" "Nothing more. Is not that enough 2 Oh, it is dreadful—dreadful for an innocent woman to have to bear!" And her self-control quite gone, Hannah rocked herself to and fro, in such a passion of grief as she had never let any woman witness in her since she was a child. For, indeed, woman as she was, she felt weak as a child. Bat the man was weaker stilL Once—twice, be made a movement as if be would dart across the hearth to where she sat; but re strained himself, and remained motionless in his seat—attempting no consolation. What consolation could he give 2 It was he him self who bad brought this slander npon her— how cruel and how widespread it was he by this time knew, even better than she. " Hannah," he &aid;, after a little, "ire are neither of as young people, to take fright at shadows. Let us speak openly together, as if we were two strangers, viewing the case of two other strangers, placed in the same tela tion together as ourselves." "Speak ? how can I speak? I am utterly helpless, and you know it. Lady Rivers knows it, too; and so, doubtless, does Mr. Morecomb. Perhaps, after all, I should be wisest to accept his generous offer, and marry him." Bernard started, and then composed him self into the same formal manner with which he bad conducted the whole conversation. " Yes, ih a worldly point of view, it would be wise; I, speaking as your brother-in-law, am bonnd to tell you so. I wish to do my duty by you; I have no right to allow my own or my child's interest to stand in the way of your happiness." He paused. "I wish you to be happy—God knows I do!" He paused again. *' Then—what answer am I to give to Morecomb? Am I to tell him to come here and speak for himself ? " "No!" Hannah burst out vehemently. " No—a thousand times no! My heart is my own, and he has not got it If I were a beggar starving in the streets, or a poor wretch whom everybody pointed the finger at—as perhaps they do—I would not marry Mr. Morecomb." A strange light came into Bernard's eyes. " That's Hannah! There speaks my good, true Hannah! 1 thought she had gone away, and some other womahnmna in her place. Forgive idq ! I did my fluty: but oh I it was hard! I am bo glad, so glad!" He spoke with his old. affectionate, boyish impulsiveness; he was still exceedingly boyish in some things, and perhaps Hannah liked him the better for it—-who knows? Even now a faint Bmile passed over her lips. "You ought-to have known me better. You ought to have been sure that I would not marry any man without loving him, And! Morecomb. " You did; bat people sometimes change their minds. And u>ve comes, we know not how. It begins—jast a little seed, as it were —and grows, and grows, till all of a sudden we find it a full-grown plant, and we cannot root it up, however we try." He spoke dreamily, and as if he had forgot ten all abont Ur. Morecomb, then sat down and began gazing into the fire with that dull apathetic look so familiar to Hannah during the early time of her residence there, when she knew him little and cared for him less: when, if any one had told her there would come to her such a day as this day, when every word of the sentence he had just uttered would fall on her heart like a drop of bnrning lead, she would have pronounced it impossible— ridiculously impossible. Yet she was true then—true now—to herself and to all others ; perfectly candid and sincere. But would the world ever believe it? Does the world, so ready to find out double or interested motives, ever believe in conscientious turncoats, righteous renegades Yet there are such things. After a while Mr. Rivers suddenly aroused himself. " I am thinking of other matters, and for getting my friend. I had better put the good man ont of his pun by telling him the truth at once, had I not, Hannah?" "Certainly." " Your decision is quite irrevocable?" "Quite." " Then we need say no more. I will write the letter at once." But that seemed not so easily done as said. After half an hour or more he came back with it unfinished in his hand. " I hardly know how to say what yon wish me to say. A mere blank No, without any reasons given. Are there none which could make the blow fall lighter? Remember, the man loves you, Hannah, and love is a precious thing." "I know it is, when one has love to give back; but I have none. Not an atom." "Why not? I beg your pardon—I ought not to ask—I have not the slightest right to ask. Still, as I have sometimes thought, a woman seldom lives 30 years without—with out some sort of attachment? " Hannah became much agitated. Rosa, then, bad kept sisterly faith, even towards her own husband. Mr. Rivers evidently knew nothing about Arthnr; had been all along quite un aware of that sad bat sacred story, which Hannah thought sheltered her just as much as widow's weeds might have done. She hesitated, and then, in her misery, she clung to the past as a kind of refuge from the present. " I thought you knew it," she answered very slowly and quietly; "I thought Rosa had told you. If it will lessen his pain, you may tell Mr. Morecomb that once I was engaged to be married to a cousin of mine. He was ill: they sent him away to Madeira, and there he died. " He—I did not quite hear." For, indeed, Hannah's words were all bat inaudible. "He died!" She had said it out now, and Bernard knew the whole. These two silent ghosts, of his dead wife and her own dead lover, seemed to come and stand near them in the quiet room. Was it with looks of sorrow or anger?—if the dead can feel either. Arthnr—Rosa—in their lives both so loving, unselfish, and dear. Was it of them that the living needed to be afraid? Mr. Rivers seemed not afraid, only exceed ingly and painfully surprised. " I had no idea of such a thing, or I would never have urged Mr. Morecomb's plea. And yet, tell me, Hannah, is this lost love the only cause of your refusing him? Was this what you referred to when yon once said to me, or implied, that yon would never marry any body? Is all your heart, your warm, true, womanly heart; buried in your cousin's grave V" There may be circumstances in which people are justified in telling a noble lie; but Hannah was not the woman to do it Not thongh it would at once have placed her be yond the reach of misconstruction, saved her from all others, and from herself—encom passed her henceforward with a permanent shield. Thongh one little " Yes " would have accomplished all thi3, she could not say it, for she felt it would have been a lie—a lie to heaven and to her own souL She looked down on the floor, and answered deliberately —" No." But the effort took all her strength, and when it was over she rose up totteringly, and tried to feel her way to the aoor. Mr. Rivers opened it, not making the least effort to detain her. " Good-night!" she said, as she passed him. He. without eveu an offered hand, said "Good-night," too; and so they parted. 