"MACBETH" AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. The performance of " Macbeth" on Saturday evening was worthy of a larger audience than assembled to do it honour. True to their allegiance to one of Shakspeare's heaviest tragedies, the Olympians mustered in force, but in the other parts of the house there were plenty of empty benches. Why there should have been this apathy on the part of the public in respect to a play which rarely fails to command a wellfilled auditorium it is hard to say. The impression may have got abroad that the piece had been hurriedly prepared for the benefit ef a Saturday night attendance, and that the mode of its presentation would not bear criticism. If so a great injustice was done to the management, which throughout the season has shown as painstaking an anxiety to suit the taste of playgoers, and to put pieces creditably on the stage, as any Adelaide management before it has exhibited; and, as it proved, a great injustice was dene to the players, who evinced a familiarity with the text and a minute attention to the business of their parts which could not have been born of superficial study. Macbeth has been often performed in South Australia, but not often satisfactorily. Actors and actresses who have achieved triumphs in other plays have fallen short when it fell to their lot to present an intelligent consistently-drawn picture of Macbeth and his strong-minded spouse, to whom has been assigned the position of Queen of the Queens of tragedies. It is all very well for original-minded actors who have not to represent the character to seek to despoil Lady Macbeth's memory of those terrors which have so long been associated with it. It is all very well to speak of her as being in fact the weaker vessel, nerved to resolution by her husband's . ambition, and goaded on by his determination to make his assurance of the fruits of that ambition double sure; but it is hard to shake off the traditions of centuries and look upon her ladyship in that light. Unquestionably Mrs. Gladstone has no idea of so regarding her, and it will be a very long time before any actress of like reputation will resign her leading place in the cast to act as a foil to Macbeth. Mrs. Gladstane presents her as a stern, relentless woman, never troubled—in her waking hours— with compunctious visitin^s; always at hand to give courage to her husband to fulfil the brilliant destiny which the weird sisters have mirrored for him. From the moment of becoming possessed with the thought that royalty awaited her, she strangled every natural feeling that stood between herself and the throne of Scotland. Except for one passage, the audience had reason to think that the "spirits that tend on mortal thoughts" had in very deed unsexed her, and 6!!ed her "from the eroWn to the toe topful of direst cruelty." In fact the ever-present consciousness of a single object to be attained, a single end to serv e, made her give a reading to the words " had he not resembled my father as he slept I had done't"—perhaps . the only words that betoken the faintest hesitancy on Lady Macbeth's part in regard to the commission of the foul crime of regicide to which she was so actively accessory—which, if not unusual, certainly seems incorrect. As uttered by Mrs. Gladstane they betrayed nothing like remorse ; they were not even the accents of seifreproach at a momentary weakness ; they were simply an expression of malignant regret that anything should have delayed the completion of the offence that removed one obstacle out of the path of her ambition. To bear out this conception the presence of Lady Macbeth, after Macduff had given the alarm of murder, was dispensed with, and consequently the swoon that was evidently due to Macbeth's vivid portraiture of the old king's appearance as he lay—" his silver skin laced with his golden blood"—was not swooned. Even this omission, however, was in keeping with Mrs. Gladstane's evident conception of the character. The only point which it is difficult to reconcile -with it was the rendering of the lilies, " I have given suck and know how tender 'tis to love the babe that milks me." Seeing that they form part of one of her fiercest appeals to the pitilessness of Macbeth's nature, it was surely inappropriate to break into an absolutely tender and plaintive tone. The inconsistency is insignificant in itself, and might not have been noticed had the rfile been otherwise. Mrs. Gladstane has both the physical and the spiritual force even for a character like Lady Macbeth, and the number of actresses who have it is not great. In inspiring her husband to the dark deed of murder which cleared the way for his ambition ; in personally assisting in the details of the diabolical plan which was to divert suspicion to the innocent grooms; in rallying Maclvetk upon his superstitious fears, and striving to infuse into him some of her own dauntless remorseless spirit, she developed capacities for tragic acting which she had never so fully displayed before. Mr. O'Brien performed the part of Macbeth very effectively—far more effectively than it was played by him in Adelaide some years ago. Although never forgetting that he had to enact the part of a warrior, known amongst his fellow-warriors as "Bellona's Bridegroom," he yet kept his passion within moderate bounds. His soliloquies, expressive of severe mental conflict—the struggle of his better nature with the promptings of the fiend—were for the most part capitally rendered, and the remorseful fears which haunted him after the killing of Duncan and Banquo well portrayed. In his interview with Macduff towards the close of the second act, however, he betrayed so much agitation that had Macduff and his companions been at all of a suspicious nature they must have seen that he had a guilty knowledge of the king's death. In his appeal to the witches in the fourth act there was a trifle too much menace, but his performance was decidedly successful. In the meeting between Macduff and Macbeth there was the usual lung match, and Mr. Appleton appeared to good advantage against Ms stalwart antagonist. Indeed Macduff in Mr. Appleton's hands was made a great deal of. In justice to the players who took the part of the " weird sisters," it must be admitted that witches are not much in their line. There was the conventional make-up in respect to costume aud hirsute appendage, but they did not convey the idea of being particularly strong- minded hags. In the rendering of Locke's music the solo parts were, with one or two exceptions, weak, but the choruses were well managed. Miss Hattie Shepparde impersonated Malcolm; and Mr. E. A. Reeves's gaunt figure stood him in good stead when the exigencies of the tragedy required him to appear as Banquo's ghost. Altogether, as we have before said, the performance was a success, and the audience was liberal in its applause. The farce of the "Two Gregories," played somewhat carelessly, served as an afterpieee. To-night Mrs. Gladstane is to. lay the public under fresh obligations by presenting " Man and Wife"—a dramatic adaptation of Wilkie Collins's novel, which is quite new to the Adelaide stage. Mr. Bayless has, we believe, gone to great trouble and considerable expense in order to make this play attractive. ADELAIDE HUNT CLUB.—A large field, including the half dozen who rarely miss a meet, and are always to the fore, met the hounds at Lockleys, at 2 p.m. on Saturday. A drag was run over some five miles of country to insure the jumping division their quota of fences, and then the hounds had to find their deer and huut it. The line lay southwards from, the meet, thence across some wet but sound-bottomed ground over a wired and capped fence into Mr. Black ler's south padd ock ;thence across the Henley Beach-road with i*s double jump, down the grass andoveranotherstiff oneinto the garden paddock, cross the river, and down the avenue into the Bull paddock, out over the western fence, and into the seaside Beach-road by the north over another. They held the line seawards, and then hitting the grange fence, led for the river, giving a very stiff jump by the way, and on for the Peninsula, with a practicable bit of timber to finish over. Here the deer-cart was sighted, and the hounds had a deal of hunting before the deer broke covert, as it was lying close. When it broke _ at last it ran several rings, crossing the sandhills, and going down the beach side, and then retracing its steps, keeping an easy lead of the hounds, which it increased from time to time as pressed. Ultimately condition told, and the hounds being able to stay the longest it was run into and killed. 