THE EXCURSION TO PORT STEPHENS. Some seven or eight score, holiday-makers, wended their way at shortly after ten o'clock in the morning to the steamers' wharf, intend- ing to pass their holiday in making an excur- sion to Port Stephens. On arriving at the wharf much disappointment was felt and ex- pressed at the substitution of the Paterson for the City of Newcastle, and a good many of those who intended making the trip held back at the last moment, owing to this cause. How- ever, after firing a brass gun, and an iron gun some two or three times, the Paterson backed to allow the City of Newcastle to leave her berth for Sydney, and then followed her down the harbour, passing her off the third crane as if the crack boat had been at an anchor. Outside, Clear of Nobby's the sea smooth, the wind off the land, every prospect of a pleasant trip. Maitland hampers opened and displayed their appetizing contents, ladies smiled, languidly and then more languidly, the cabin stairs were sought and found, one or two of the sterner sex felt the influence of a south-easterly swell, which having had a six weeks run of it was not tired out. The deck began to thin as the sand-hills were passed, and at Morna Point, a good third of the seekers after pleasure—had found it. Fishing lines were towed over board and stretched, so as to be ready to catch fish. Oranges and babies were in full supply, as they always are on these occasions, and by-and-bye the entrance to Port Stephens was reached. To describe this beautiful inlet would require more space than we can devote to it, although a most lucid explanation of its isles, mountains, dells, &c.;, &c.;, was given by the cicerone of the party mounted on both paddle-boxes. Any way, Port Stephens is a really very charming inlet, well worthy of a visit, and, though not so extensive, reminding us very much of the Bay of Islands, New Zealand. Once inside, and the water smooth, all hands fell too on the really splendid spread provided by Mr. E. P. Poole, the steward of the City of Newcastle, and here we must say whatever disappointment there may have been as to the change of vessel, there was none as to the dinner placed on the table, which was excellent, and the waiting good. Dinner over, there arose a cry of "any body for the shore!" and shortly, three ships' boats loads of excursionists were strolling on the sandy beach, or watching the Chinaman netting their nets, or pay their respects to the single, married Chinese lady resident at the fishing village. Bang! goes a gun, one had just had time to light one's pipe; bang! went another and out went the pipe. What's that! 'Oh, go on board again," and off we started. Up anchor and away; a nasty sea running out- side ; the ladies' cabin is full to repletion ; the little boat begins to tumble about, so most of us go in for a nap. "Here, rouse up, ain't you going to have any tea?" and Mr. Poole has once more put a capital spread on the table. "Where's Nobby's"? "Five miles off." "Who'll hold a blue-light?" "I, and I, and I!" Away on the deck, and the 5th of No- vember is celebrated on the 24th May. Roc- kets go up, and sticks come down ; blue-lights make ghosts of human beings ; the steamer bumps on the wharf, and we are once more landed in Newcastle safe and sound, after a really most pleasant excursion. Judging from appearances, we much fear Mr. Hopkinson must have been a considerable loser by his spec' ; he was not the only loser, for hundreds, strolling aimlessly round Newcastle, and its suburbs lost a really pleasant trip, and when they come to compare notes with those who went, those who did not go to Port Stephens will have to admit — cause for regret. 