THE SORROWS OP CHILDHOOD. Peopie are always telling about the pleasures of childhood. Folks thump away at pianos, and screech, "I would I were a boy again," and a hundred other stupid songs, all endeavouring to show the advantages of childhood. " Children from four to sixteen years of age are the happiest creatures in the world," said a friend to me, very seriously. I didn't tell the gentleman that he told an un truth ; I only said I thought he was mis taken, which amounts to the same, and sounds better. But I tell you it's no such thing! Childhood was the most miserable period of my existence, and the only thing that tended to make it endurable was the hope that some day I should get grown up and be able to " order about" other luckless children, the same way that grown-up people then ordered me. Who ever imagines babies have a happy time i If they are happy, what are they always crying for? Then, don't the nurses always pin on babies' clothes ? and you know pins are for ever pricking into the soft flesh; this makes babies cry more; so nurse doses them with soothing syrup, paregoric, laudanum, or some other liquid poison, until they get all manner of brain diseases, and some die ; their fathers say they were too clever to live—mildly hinting that the survivors are but slightly removed from idiocy. When they get a little better of other diseases, the cholera infantum sets in, succeeded by whooping cough, measles, &c.; If they are so unfortunate as to survive, they finally begin to creep, and at length walk—then new troubles begin. I daresay you can remember your first attempt at walking, even now. Your mo ther stood about two yards off, holding a great lump of sugar in her fingers, and coaxing you to make the attempt. You stood up, clinging to a chair, and feeling decidedly weak in the knees, but the sugar looked so nice you finally decided to ven ture ; one step was made, then another— knees grew more limber every minute, and at the third step down you came, with a force that fairly shook the house, striking your head against the stove hearth, and making a bunch on it—on your head, not the hearth—the size of a small hen's egg. Oh ! how it hurt, and you didn't get the sugar, after all. Your mother then grabbed you, and emptied a bottle of liniment on your head, about half of it running down your back and the rest into your eyes. Eyes smarted worse than the bump, and you yelled till folks got out of patience and said you weren't hurt—'twas all temper. "When children become a little older, and commence to take some comfort in their peculiar way—the boys, by tying tin I kettles to the tails of unfortunate cats, stealing their father's winter apples, and I tumbling into the mill-pond, and the girls | by playing with dolls and hooking sugar I out of the sugar-basin—they are bundled [ off to a day-school. I Weren't you happy then, my dear friend ? From four to sixteen is the hap piest period of your life, eh ? You were ! happy, weren't you, the time you got fourteen thrashings in one week—five from the schoolmaster, five from your father after you .reached home, and four from the school-boys on your way home ? Girls, too, have their peculiar troubles as well as boys. Their big brothers tell them the wildest ghost stories, until they get so nervous and fidgety they can't sleep a wink for fear of giants, ghosts, and dragons that fly about the country for the express purpose of carrying off bad children. Think I want to be a child again, do you ? Not if I know myself ! It is bad enough to have to he a child once, but to want to be a boy or girl again is ridicul ous nonsense ; and the expression of such a wish on the part of any grown-up person ought to be considered sufficient evidence of a deranged mind, and their friends ought to be justified in placing tbem in lunatic asylums for the term of their na tural lives. 