TWO GHOSTS. By Floeencb Marbyat (Daughtbb of Capt. Maeeyat, the Novelist.) I have never seen a ghost, although I bave always entertained a great respect for them, and a strong desire to cultivate their personal acquaintance ; indeed, I may say I have courted it, though hitherto without any signal success. Yet from the time when, as a enild, 1 listened open-nioumea to the superstitious revelations of my nurse, or, as a girl, watched by night in anxious expectation of the re- appearance of com panions whom I had lost by death, to the present hour when the rough handling of the world leaves me slight leisure for speculative thought, the supernatural has always held great charms for me ; and I have never presumed to disbelieve what I have no power to disprove. Of course I am well laughed at for my credulity. People who would rush shrieking from their rooms if they heard the scratching of a mouse behind the wains'cot shake their heads compassionately if I venture to air my unpopular notions in their presence,' and refuse to credit me with any faith in my own assertion ; whilst others, too thick headed to penetrate even the finer sym pathies of this life, affirm stoutly that a woman of' feense should be above giving vent to Buch. opinions, and that it is per fectly incredible that any one should really believe such utter nonsense. How can I refute such conclusive arguments! That I firmly believe the inhabitants of another world are permitted to visit this, I will not gay, because I have never had ocular proof of such a circumstance ; but at the same *.»\a T Via da t-fi/tai*T4u1 an Mi iinatismAraMo testimony of the fact from the lips of others — trustworthy, sensible, and nearly connected with myself — that to deny the possibility of such visitations were at once to write down Borne of my dearest friends as fools or liars. And therefore I main tain the middle course, by believing that the spiritual is far nearer the temporal sphere than most of us imagine ; and that there are more things in this world than are. dreamt of in our philosophy. Numer ous anecdotes rise up in my memory as I make this assertion; but my space is limited, and I choose but two* — two strictly true and well authenticated. At the same time, whilst I preserve all details and coincidences in which the mystery of these stories consists, I carefully hide the names of persons and places, lest by neg ligence in this respect, I should wound the feelings of survivors. And as to dates, it is sufficient to say that they are no time worn fables, handed down from one ear to another, but circumstances which happened in this modern nineteenth century to actors of the present generation, and in the very midst of the rapid march of civilization and enlightenment which has, in most cases, scattered superstition to the winds. A near relation of mine (let as say a sister) was staying with a Mend, a Mrs. Long during tfae absence of her husband. The place at which she was visiting, a large country house surrounded by a fine park, was situated in Scotland, and the husband of her hostess had gone to Edinburgh on business, by which he expected to be de tained for two or three weeks. One after noon, hb my sister was sitting alone, Mrs. Long entered the room with an air of great perturbation, declaring that the strangest thing possible had just occurred to her. She had been taking a solitary ramble in the park, which was Burrounded by a high fence and deep ditch, when she saw, from some distance off, her husband riding on horseback along the road. Surprised to see him at all, and particularly in that situation, yet quite certain that it was him self, she stood on some rising ground to watch his approach, which had been suc cessfully accomplished until he drew near the park, when, instead of turning into the drive, which was the longest way to the house, he suddenly checked his horse and put him at the palings. She had seen the animal rise in obedience to the Bpur, clear the fence, but jumping short of the ditch beyond it, &I1; with her husband under him. But when, with a cry of dis may, she had rushed up to the assistance of the struggling horse and rider, she had found — nothing! The whole vision had passed away, and there was only a high park fence and a quiet ditch lying before her. Mrs. Long was very agitated whilst relating this occurrence. She did not ima gine it foreboded any ill to her husband, to whom she was much attached ; but she ' fancied her own sight or mind must be dis ordered ; and it was some time before my sister could soothe her alarm, and make her view it in what she considered a more reasonable light But by the evening Mrs. Long was quite herself again, and wrote off a cheerful account of the proceedings to her husband. Two dayB after, however, the same thing happened over again ; precisely the same thing, as to time, place, and cir cumstances. Mrs. Long, walking in the park, aud perhaps attracted to the spot on account of, her former, alarm, watched her husband approach on horseback from a distance, make- Is though he would enter by the drivejiod'then, apparently changing his .mind, put iis horse at the palings, and be crushed beneath the fallen struggling animal As in 'the former case, irresistibly she ran up to his aid ; as in the former case, the whole picture, as though by magic, disappeared. This time Mrs. Long was seriously frightened. She did not fear that the vision portended her husband's death ; but she so far accepted it as & foreboding, that she wrote to Edinburgh entreating Mr. Long on no account to return on horseback ; a warning which seemed very unnecessary, as he invariably went back wards and forwards by train. But the epistle, as it afterwards appeared, never reached the hand for which it was intended. On the succeeding) dtv aha rnrvtivnri a few lines from her husband, to say he should be at home that evening;. and on that same afternoon she took my .sister into the park, to show her the exact spot where she had twice experienced so mysterious a fright They talked of presentiments and warnings on the way ; but Mrs. Long was so happy in the anticipation -jf her husband's srjeedy return, that she was convening without any appeinwoe of ^timidity npon the sub ject, when, aa they came to the rising ground before mentioned, she raited her eyes, changed colour, and suddenly arrested her footsteps. ' Helen 1' she exclaimed, mentioning my sister's name. ' look I— look out then! I see the same thing again I' My sister glanced in the direction intimated to tmy and there, sure enough, . ^.MwWi»-f«^R ^wJatoittn* ghost Bhe saw the spectacle of a man riding! on horseback along the turn-pike road, and (ap parently making for her friend's abode, but still too far off to be distinctly recognised. ' My dear Mary,' she replied, ' that rimy be any one— a farmer or a servant I;Bee no marks by which to distinguish your husband.' But Mrs. Long did not an swer her ; she was staring at the fast approaching rider, and my sister was fas cinated, by what she had heard, to watch her in silence. On, on he came, just, as bad been described to her, in a quick canter, as though anxious to reach his home, until he had arrived at the drive gates, and was about to enter them. Then he seemed to change his mind, to form a Budden wish to reach wife and children a few minutes earlier; and backing his horse, spurred him at the palings. At this juncture, Mrs. Long grasped my s'ster's arm, but she did not speak, and they con tinued to gaze Bilently at this apparition, so strangely revealed to both of them at once. They watched the phantom horse and rider rise above the fence, and then fall heavily into the ditch below, the animal above the man, and struggling violently to get free of him. Firmly believing it was but a repetition of what the wife had viewed twice before, they yet involuntarily ran up to the spot, when, instead of a myth, a vision, a mere presentiment, which should vanish at a second glance, they found a real horse lying on its side, a real man lying dead beneath him 1 Mr. Long, having at the last moment accepted a friend's invitation to stay a night at his place, which lay between his own home and Edinburgh, had also accepted the loan of an animal to carry ihim for the last few miles — the last miles that he should ever traverse. What faculty in the wife's mind had enabled her to see twice over an act which had not yet entered into the hus band's mind to execute f My next story will possess more interest for most of my readers, because it happened to my father.* Be was not usually ac counted to have (what the nurses term) 'any buttons short;' nor was he a particularly nervous or timid man ; yet 1 have heard what I am about to relate from his own lips. In one of the northern countieB of England there stands an estate which I shall call Burnham Green. Tt had been for many years in the possession of an old bachelor baronet, Sir Joseph Bell, who had not occupied the house, but had allowed it to fall into decay. When he died, however, the title and place passed to a married cousin, and better days dawned for Burnham Green. Sir Harry and Lady Bell intended to live upon their property, and, with that design, thoroughly repaired and decorated the building and grounds, gave up their residence in London, and moved all their household into Cum berland. Now, Burnham Green, in common with most dilapidated country places, had its 'ghost.' Sir Harry and Lady Bell bad heard before taking possession, and, like most sensible people, had laughed at the report, and allowed it to make no difference in their plans. Every old house, as a matter of consequence, has its ghost ; ind they were not afraid but that light and warmth, and children's voices, and happy faces, would dissipate even the remem brance of theirs. They surrounded Burnham Green with luxury and amusement, filled tbe house with guests, and never gave the 'ghost' another thought. But with ali' their hospitality and kindness, they could not succeed in making their abode attrac tive to their friends. People who accepted their invitations with alacrity, and thought Burnham Green charming, and themselves scarcely less so, would, after a while, make paltry excuses to curtail their visits, and, with few exceptions, were found shy of being lured down here again. Lady Bell was naturally both hurt and annoyed She had made her house and grounds everything that could be desired, and yet ber friends refused to share her retirement, )r to give her any plausible excuses for not ioiugso. What could be the reason of it! Enquiry was made, and then it transpired that the fashionable visitors had ali heard of the ghost, chiefly through the ladies' maids ; that some had even professed to have seen it, and none could be persuaded to remain under the same roof with it any longer. Then Sir Harry and Lady Bell, who bad regarded the ghost story as quite unworthy the attention of educated people, were thoroughly vexed, and did all they could to remove thesuperstition respectingit which bung over the neighbourhood. They dis interred the whole history of the ghost, who went by the name of ' The Lady of Burnham Green,' and found that it was supposed to be the spirit of one of their ancestresses who had lived in the time of Elizabeth, and been suspected of poisoniug ber husband, whose picture always hung in one of the unused bedrooms. Lady Bell caused that bedroom to be renovated and fitted up in a particularly cheerful manner ; the painting of the ' Lady ' was cleaned and put in a new frame, and the apartment set in complete order. But no one could be found to sleep in it The servants gave warning if it was simply pro posed them, and visitors invariably requested to have their room cnanged after the second or third night Meanwhile, reports of the ' Lady ' having been Been in one direction and another were constantly cropping up. Guest after guest took flight to return no more, and Burnham Green was almost de serted. In this dilemma, Sir Harry and Lady BeU applied to my father, who was an old friend of theirs, for advice how to allay the terrors of their friends. My father disbelieved the tale as much as they did. He found it impossible to contradict or account for the various reports wlich were floating about ; but he felt quite jure they could be traced to the most natural of causes, to whose interest it had not been that Burnham Green should be reinhatited, was playing a trick on its new owners, in hopes of persuading them to quit it again. He requested Sir Harry, therefore, to allow him to occupy the haunted room for a little while, to see if he could unravel the mystery ; and accordingly uot_ long afterwards he went on a visit to his friends, and was duly totalled in the 'Lady's Chamber,' where he slept peacefully for some nights, taking the precaution how ever, never to go to bed without a brace of loaded pistols under his pillow. I believe he had been there for a week or more without seeing or hearing anything, and was thinking of returning home again, when the following incident occurred to him. It was the shooting season, and severs! young men were staying at Burn ham Green ; and in the smoking-room one * Captain Harryat.thooelebratodnoveuit, Bvening a discussion arose on the merits of a certain gun then newly-invented, and which was the property of a Mr. Lascellfis, » relation of Sir Harry's. Opinions dif fered on the subject, and arguments ran rather high ; and after ay father bad retired for the night, Mr. Las idles, tapped at the door, and begged him to . come over to his room and examine the weapon in question, and convince himself of some trifling fact on which he had thrown discredit. My father had already dispossessed himself of his coat and waistcoat ; but the hour was much past midnight ; it was unlikely they should meet anyone ; and so he accom panied his young friend as he was, taking at the same time one of his pistols in his hand — ' in case we meet the ghost,' he said, jestingly. They crossed the corridor to Mr. Lascelles' room, stood chatting for a few moments over the virtues of the new gun, and then my father stepped out again into the passage, preparatory to returning to bis own apartment. Mr. Lascelles still accompanied him — 'just to protect you from the ghost,' he said, in imitation of the former illusion ; for the ghost Btory had been well handled and laughed over in the smoking-room. The corridur they had to traverse was long and dark, for the lamps which hung in its deep niches had been extinguished at midnight; but as they entered it, they saw a dim light ad vancing from the farther end — a light held by a female figure. ' By Jove !' exclaimed Mr. Lascelles, ' here is one of the ladies going up to the nurseries.' There were a few unsuspecting guests assembled at Burnham Green that autumn, and the rooms in which their little families were located were situated above the story on which the friends stood. At Mr. Lascelles' remark, my father's sensitive modesty took ; alarm. He did not fancy meeting a lady to whom he was almost a stranger in the dishabille of shirt and trousers ; and, with the design of escaping her notice, he pulled his companion to one side. The rooms in the corridor were placed opposite each other, and were approached by double doors, the first of which, on being opened, disclosed a small entry on the second door, which led to the bedchamber itself. Many persons, on entering then- rooms, only closed this second door, leaving tbe othei standing open ; aud thus, when Mr. Las celles and ray father stepped into one ol these recesses, they were enabled to shelter themselves behind the half-closed portal. There, in the gloom, they crouched to gether, rery much inclined to laagb, I have no doubt, at the situation in which they found themselves ; but terribly afraid lest by a betrayal of their illegal presence they should alarm the occupant of the bed room before which they stood, or the lad) who was advancing to the place of theii concealment. Very slowly she advanced, or so it seemed to them ; but they could watch the glimmer of the lamp through the crack of the door ; and presently my father, who had pertinaciously kept hh eyes there, gave the half- smothered excla mation — ' Lascelles ! By Jove ! — tlie Lady !' He had studied the picture of the supposed apparition carefully, was intimate with every detail -of her dress and appear ance, and felt that he could not be mis taken in the red satin sacque, white stomacher and petticoat, high-standing frili aud cushioned hair of the figure now ad rar.ciog towards them. ' A splendid make up,' he said under his breath ; ' but who ever has done it shall find I know a trick worth two of his.' But Mr. Lascelles said nothing. Imposition or not he did not like the looks of the Lady of Burnhau Green. On she came, quiet and dignified, looking neither to the rigbt nor to the left; whilst my father cocked his pistol, and stood ready for her. He expected she would pass their place of hiding, and in tended to pursue and make her speak to him ; but instead of that, the dim light gained the door, and then stood still Lascelles shuddered. He was a brave man, but sensitive, even my father's iron nerves prompted him to be quiescent In another moment the lamp moved on again, came closer, closer; and round the half-closed door, gazing inquisitively at them, as though really curious to see who was there, peered the pale face and cruel eyes of the Lady of Burnham Green. Simultaneously my father pushed open the door and con fronted her. She stood before him in the corridor, just as she stood in the picture in his bedroom, but with a smile of malicious triumph on her face ; and goaded on by her expression, hardly knowing what he did, he raised his pistol and fired full at her. She ball penetrated the door op poBite to where they stood ; and with the same smile upon her face, she passed through the panels and disappeared. — Bel grama Annual. Western Etiquette. — The Yankee traveller who saw the live Hoosier has again written to his mother, telling her hib experience as follows : — ' Western people are death on etiquette. You can't tell a man here that he lies, without fighting. A few days ago a man was telling one of his ueighbonrsf in7' tty 'hearing, a pretty large story. Says I, ' Stranger, that's a whopped' Says he, ' Lay there, stranger,' and in the twinkling of an eye I found myself in the ditch, a perfect quadruped. Upon another occasion, says I to a man I never saw be fore, as a woman passed, ' That isn't a spe cimen of your Western women, is it V Says he, ' You're afraid of fever and ague, aiu't you f ' Very much,' says L ' Well,' re plied he, - that lady is my wife, and if you don't apologise in two minutes, by the honour of a gentleman, I swear that these two pistols (which be held cooked in his hands) shall cure you of that disorder en tirely. So I knelt down and politely apologised. I admire the Western country much ; but dam me if I can stand so much etiquette ; it always takes me unawares.' ' Would you tell a lie for ten cents ?' asked a Boston Sunday-school teacher of her class of boys. ' No, ma'am,' was the indignant reaponse. ' Would yon tell a lie for a dollar!' 'No, ma'am.' 'Would you tell a lie for ten dollars J' This stag gered some of them. One boy thought he would. Others hesitated. But one voice rang out still with a dear note of decision. 'Well, Willie,' said the teacher, « why would you not tell -a lie for ten dollars 1' ' Because after you'd spent the money and used up the things, the lie would stick.' 'Is it Greek*' — Foreigner — 'Say, Mun, rax me owre the pourrie,' South erner — 'rm sorry — Je ne park no French.' Foreigner — ' O, I beg ye're pardon— han1 me the cream-jog.' (No— i* it Sooton.) 