ST. PATRICK'S. — ? His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Elloy, who lauded here ou the 18th ult., with six SiBters of Mercy and four priests, on his way to his mis sion in the South Sea Islands, officiated at St. Patrick's on Sunday, 29fch ult. In the even ing, after Vespers, his Lordship preached to a crowded congregation, takiner for his text the following passage from the Gospel of St . John : — -rQuod fuit abinifcio, quod audivimus,.quod vidi mus oculis noBtiis, de verbo vitge) — annuntiamus vobis'— ' That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, . concerning the Word of Life we declare unto you' j' and said that although he was almost unknown to his Hearers, yet he felt deeply interested in the parish of St. Patrick's, The senior priest of the parish had left France with him fifteen years ago, and had worked many years with him in the same mission. He felt interested, too, in them, because the venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe, whom all had so many reasons to grieve for, was one of the first priests he met here and the last he had spoken when about to go home to the Council. He loved him and he admired him, and the reasons mentioned would be his excuse— though unaccustomed to preach in English — for his addressing a few words to them on what he had seen and heard at the Ge neral Council. St. John could speak confidently of our Lord because he had seen and heard him —so also could they who had heard and seen His Vicar speak of him. Many false reports might have reached them about the Council, but they were not to be believed. Those who said so much of the Council neither heard nor knew anything of it for they were not allowed in. Outside the Council it. was trn^j-there was agi tation and troubi'?, bub :._'.ide, Wsrything was calm. Reflection and prayer were there alone. Every day the 800 bishops who were in atteu dance heard the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass and' then spent a very long time in devotions, in order that they might receive light from above. It was in vain that the enemies of the Church reviled so many bishops. outside, for the Holy Ghost inspired all within, in this aa well as in all the Other great Councils. He only spoke of what he had seen and heard coneernipgtbe word of life. When the Dogma of Infallibility was proclaimed thunders were heard and lightnings flashed ; but the bishops were then proclaiming that truth which was from the beginning. It was not a new doctrine, it was only a solemn condemnation of those who would oppose it, and deny that it was as old as the Gospel itseff. Some may have told them that Pius IX whose privilege was then so well acknowledged is now weakminded by reason of his old age. He (Dr. .Elloy) had seen him very often, and spoken to him several times. He had a particular audience With him on the very day the dogma was defined, and_ he then reminded him of the most minute affairs of his mission of which he had spoken to him two years before. He (Dr. Elloy) had re mained during his stay in Rome in the Vatican, and could well say that he knew what Pius IX was. He had to speak to so many Bishops, to attend to so many different affairs, yet he was the soul, the life, and the head of the Coun cil. He did not forget anything and was stronger than any of his bishops. How good, holy, and admirable he was ! And only what he had seen he announced to them. But .what is he now, when his temporal possessions are lost and as it were, kept himself a prisoner in Rome. The centurion said of Jesus that he was truly the Son of God, not whenhe was entering triumphantly in Jerusalem, but when he was dying on the Cross. So, also, would all who admired Pius IX. when he was a king admire him much more now, when perse cuted and a prisoner. More now than ever would they cry out, he is the true Vicar of Christ. A' hen leaving Rome, his Lordship continued, I passed through France and saw the punishment of my poor country. What was the reason of it 1 All hoped for better days, and meanwhile prayed, and were reconciled with God. At no time more than when persecuted did Ireland keep her faith better. We must fear when we are too free and comfortable, lest we should grow lax in the exercise of our religion. He (Dr. Elloy) was now- going to his poor Islanders, whom jhis hearers would call uncivilized or only half civilized, and he would meet many difficul ties, he would rely on their prayers, because of the Communion of Saints. His people would say that they were their nearest neighbors, and they would pray for them. His Lordship wished them every blessing, and more especially, the great blessing of earnestness and strength in their faith. And thus concluded his very interesting address, of which the above is but an outline.' In connection with the above ib may be added, that his Lordship was deeply moved when he referred to the present Btate of Rome and France. The former in the hands of the enemies of the Pope, the latter, his own native land, stricken down with disasters. And more sorrowful still, his Lordship had to leave France without knowing what had become of his aged father, whose home and town were burnt to the ground by the Prussians, 