CRUSHED TO DEATH IN A CATHEDRAXi CLOCK. Tho bell-ringer in the cathedral of IVurtzburg has perished under very singular circumstances. Tho church possesses a splendid clock, with ponderous and complicated - works, while a pendulum of proportionate length vibrates to and fro with a dull and monotonous thud. Recently the clock needed cleaning, and tho ringer was deputed to superintend tho work, though he ruefully endeavoured to be excused from tho task. It seems that he never willingly approached the belfry ' from certain uuploafant- associations. About twonty years ago he killed his predecessor in office, accusing bim of carrying on a criminal intrigue with his wife. When brought to trial ho escaped thn gallo'ws owing to a deficioocy.of legal proof. The patronage of one of tho canons then procured him the appnintmcntvacant through the death of his victim. Hence, it is said, arose- his superstitious dread in connection with tbe belfry, which was supposed to be haunted by the ghost' of the murdered ringer. On the, morning wheo; the clock was to be cleaned it suddenly stopped,, and the beHringer was nowhere to bo fouud. A workman from tbe towu was sent for, and nsccndcd'the tower, wheo he was horrified to find the pendulum and lower works dripping with blood. Upon searching further, the body of tho belirlnger was found entangled in tho work, frightfully mangled and crushed. Ooe supposition is that ho committed snicido by climbing up tbo pondulum -and then pitching himself into the middle of tho machinery of the clock. But the wondor-lovinc eossins of the nlnco. with a thorough German prrpensity for tho horribio, declare thut the guilty man, upon reaching the gloomy chamber wherein tlio work8rovplved,-wsb_ horror-Ktrickcn by tbo apparition of his prede cessor silting aside tho great balance-wheel of tho clock, and hadlhon boon drawn into tho works in a species of horribio fascination similar to that which a rattle-snake is said to exercise over its prey. Thero sat tbo spectre, rubbiog bis gory bauds with hideous gleo as the victim wus slowly drawn in among tbe cog-wheola and ratchets of tho machinery. An agonising yell, a crushing of bones, aud all was still 1 Such, according to the Italic, is tho nowcBt legend of .the belfry of Wnrtz- burg. — At a meeting of the Franklin ' Institute, a method was described of preparing magic-lantern pictures in a now way, thus: Got. a shoot of gela tine such as is used by engravers for tracing pur- poBCS.;fix it over the engraving or drawing.whlch in to' bo sbown'in the lauturn, and, with a stylo or steel point, trace tho lines of the picture pretty deeply on.tlio transparent BuhaUnco, . Then rub in black h ad or crayon dust lightly with tho finger, and the slide in ready for use. Any ono acquainted with tho magic-lantern will know how to frame or mount it for use. In this way any number of pic- .tures,.tnoy do easilypropamd,which.whon- shown in tbo lantern, havo a satisfactory effect. 