CO LI Y / 4 t EXTRACTS* A V. IT FROM THE DEAD. Serginui arner has been called upon to Mt as ^d* ; r to the Chinese at Golden Point. A ' • v days ago Ah Coon, who some years aince ted as Chinese interpreter at Ballarat, ted on the sergeant to ask his advice up, , a very serious matter. Ah Coon state, Mat one night he was asleep in his hut ii GoIden Point, when- he was aroused b^ a tapping at.tfce door. . He got out orbe^ . and looking out, «aw~ vanishing in toe dar a misty row of figures, With thuiese C; ttntenanceB,. and clothed in long Uowine robes. Ah C0011 wondered, but seeing nothing more, returned to his slumbers.- l n a few moments the knocking commeBc».V again, and this time when Ah toon wiwit to the door, he »aya the figures were more oistinctj and he saw that the prowssion was headed by the shade of in old Unnaman, with a long white beard. Agafn tne procession of ghosts vanished, again Ah t-oon returned troubled to bed, and again the knocking was resumed. ThiB time.Ah toon pondered before he ooened the door., lie was euro his visitors were from the other world, and he. mentally' reviewed his past me, to try and remember if be had ever made any promises to the dead, and left them unfulfilled. He suddenly recollected that when the cemefry authorities had, oh account of the danger, objected to the' burning of paper oyer the Chinese graves in the cemetery he- had,promised, to liave.a small nre.plae« ttqd ^fthiney etwtod there, forCthe PJjrpow of carrying out the Chinese custom ot ojirnfsg tsertain kind of paper at diffor- erit tiines over the "graveb of the d^parted This promise ha haa not carried out, and he was euro that this accounted for the visits of the ghosts. Having arrived «t this conclusion, Ah Coon went to the door, and found the; ghosts drawn up in « semicircle before him.. He addrepseu the venerable loader in' Chinese, promising' to have the chimney erebtedi ^nd apologising for bringing them out in puch' weather. Immediately the ghosts vanished." A1i Coon has built the chminey aud fire-place, and has rince slept undisturbed. Thejjatne Chinaman, also in-, formed the-sergeant of another ghostly adventure, some years before. This time Ah Coon was awakened by something pulling his shoulder, and when he opened: hSs eyes he saw a large 'cat, with a. white breast, standing beside him. He knew, from the cat's behaviour, that it was not of this earth, built did not appear tu understand Chinese when he addressed it in that language, aud the aniinal also appeared quite as ignorant of English. Ah Coon then remembered that in China, the laud of his birth, it was generally understood that ghosts could not hold pens or pencils: As ihia cat could uot or would not speak, Ah Coon wanted it to write its requests or complaints, but there was a difficulty about holding the pen. Chinese ingenuity, however, soon overcame all difficulties! Ah Coon got au iron tea- Iray, and having smeared it over with-oil, sprinkled it with- fine ashes. The whitebreasted cat understood at once. With one of its paws it wrote in Chinese characters on the tray .that it was the spirit of a Chinaman, whose body was, at that moment, lying buried in a drive at Long Gully, near Creswick. It asked Ah Coon to have the body Removed from the claim and decently buried, and begged that if such a thing as an inquest was held, the body might not be mutilnted. The cat then melted away, iuto thin air, and Ah Coon slept. The next morniiig he states that he rode to Long Gully, found the body as described, and had it buried after an inqueRt, at which there was no post mortem examination, had been htild. Ah Coon wanted the sergeant to advise him as to what he should do in the event of another visit of tho same kind, but Larner informed him that the thing was "•out of his line.""—Ballarat Star. ? Ma. T. GAEHETT.—Mr. T. Garrett has resigned his seat as a' Member for the Electoral District of Shoalharen. His resignation is dated Friday, July 21st, and it ie probable that, the Speaker's writ for "a..new election wrll %e issued to-day. It is curfently reported that the Government have appointed Mr. Garret police -magistrate at Berrima.-— LAMKNTABLE AND FATAL ACCIDENT.—On Friday last, a young man, about twentyfour.yeaTs of age, named John Fitzgerald, the step-son of- Mr. Bergin, of Bow-ning, met his death by a fall from a fc'irse. Tho deceased was well- known ami itmrh respected in the neighbourhood, and his untimely death, while on his way to attend n funeral., -has caused an intense fVelinir of regret to the numerous assemblage wending their wuv .to the cometary to pay the last mark of respect to a deceased neighbour. The particulars of the sad accident will be gleaned from the evidence taken at the inquest, held by Dr. Blake, the district coroner,' nt B Saturday last. The jurora were Messrs. Michael Grogan, Thomas Bannon, Thomas Scanlon, Patrick McCann, and Daniel Mine- ban :—Daniel Bergin deposed : I an< stepfather of deceased, John Fitzgerald, aud keep the Bowning Inn ; I saw him «n last Thursday; he left this place to go to t he wake of Tom Hannon; he was then in good health ; I nest, saw him on Friday lying on the road from Hannon’s into Yass ; be was then insensible ; lie was lyins; on his back; I saw n wound on the. side of his head; there was blood under his head; I assisted to raise him up in a Sitting posture, and then laid him on his back 'again; I then sent for Dr. O'Connor, and had him removed to his resilience at Bowning; I believe he was twenty-four years of age; I am not aware how the accident happened. Philip Dwyer deposed : I know the deceased John Fitzgerald; he aud myself were at Nicholas Hannon’s, at the wake of Thomas Hannon ; about 1 o'clock yesterday (Friday) doceaRed and myself started from Ilannon'u to join the funeral;' after going some short distance 1 saw the saddle turn on the horse, and he (deceased) fell cn a log; I then got off my horse, and asked him if he was hurt; he did not speak; I then galloped after the funeral, and met Mr. Bergin, the step-father of deceased, and told him I thought John was dead ; Mr. Bergiu and X went back to where deceased WSB lying; he was still unable to speak; I saw a wound on his bead, and blood on his head and on the ground: I remained with deceased until he was removed into Bowning. By foreman :> Deceased's foot was not sticking in the stirrup when he fell. Dr. O'Connor deposed: About halfpast two o'clock yesterday a messenger called on me from Mr. Bergin, requesting me to come to Bowning to see the deceased ; I came out immediately, and saw the deceased about half.past five; he was then cold and pulseless; on examining him I found a lacerated wound on the right side of his head, extending from the forehead to behind the ear ; the skull was fractured, and the brain protruding and matted' amongst the hair; he never rallied, and died about halfr paBt two this morning; the cause of death WSB laceration-of the brain and compression from extravasated blood. The jury found that , the deceased C&me; to his death from laceration of the brain and compression from extravasated blood:—Yost Courier. ? STABBED BX A WOMAN.—The inquest upon the body of MichaelTracey was held at the hospital on Tuesday morning by Dr. Youl. The man had died from the losB of blood, occasioned by a wound in the back of his neck, inflicted by a woman named Julia Robinson with .whom be was liviug, in the course of a drunken quarrel. He was admitted into the hospital early on,the morning of the 8th inst., and died upon Sunday morning last. The woman was arrested, and was present,yesterday at the inquest:— Michael Tracey. a laborer, living off Latrobestreet, stated that he was the father of deceosed, who was about twenty-six years of age; i he-wes-an upholsterer, and was ur - uiairfcd ; he was'in the.habit of drinking a good deal. William H. Whelan, clerk of the City Police Court, produced the dying depositions of the deceased,'taken by him on Saturday, in the presence of the prisoner, as follows I know the prisoner. Julia Bobinson; last Saturday'mOrningi! was in company with heriu a house in Fitzroy ;, I wanted her to go for, some drink; I had offered to go for the.drinjk • there were two other young men there—James Travers and William Butler; there was only a row be-. tween me and the prisoner; I could not say whether I struck her or not, but I know she is very hot tempered; she struck me with the kuife; she took it up from the table; the other men saw. her do it; • this was in Condoll-street; 1 ran away, and tried to get home, but I got otupid. Crossexamined by prisoner: I. do not recollect striking you; you were in drink; I did not commence the row; she.always commences Brat; signed; MICHAEL TBACBT. William Butler, upholsterer, Lousdale- street, stated' that he met the "deceased in Lonsdale-street on the night of Friday, the 7th inst.; the deceased called at the home of witness; he was sober then, but had -evidently been drinking; the two went into a publichouse in Lonsdale-street and had something to. drink; they there met a man named Travers, and he and the deceased had another drink; afterwards they wentrto a house in CondelU street, Fitzroy, where Tracey said he lived; the prisoner, Julia Bobinson, there was referred to-by deceased as his wife; they had some beer, for which witnesB paid; the deceased had to give him back sixpence change.; the prisoner told him to give w& ness the change; he pushed her away, and she struck him with her open hand in the face; he threatened to retaliate; she was* rather the worse for-drink, and picked up a knife lying on the table ; witness took it out of her hand; they became good friends again directly; soon after they had some more beer, and another disagreement took place between the deceased and prisoner; this was also made up; at about half-past twelve witness got up to go away; deceased wanted him to stop, and afterwards said he woujd accompany him, but witness refused to let him ; deceased had the key of the door in his pocket, and prisoner went to take it from him ; he pushed her awny, and sheThrew a cup at him ; he struck her, and knocked her down; she got up, and staggered over to the table, where a knife was lying; she took it up, and struck deceased with it before witness could prevent her; the knife was similar to the one produced (a common white-handled table knife) : lie said he was wounded, * and the blood burnt burst forth from the wound; witness and another man (Travers) took him to the'hospital ; the prisoner wanted him to come back, aiid was crying ; Travers pushed her away, aud she fell down; the deceased walked sonie distance and then tell; he was put iuto a cab. James Travers, a bootcloser, gave evidence corroborative of the former witness's, differing' only in a few unimportant particulars. Thomas Del.-iny, constable Fitzroy, .and William Bradford, resident surgeon at the hospital, were also examined. Tho coroner, in summing up, pointed out that the wound bad been inflicted in a drunken squabble. There was nothing to show any tn.tlice or intent upon the part of the woman. The case was clearly one of Tnanxliiuijliter. After consulting together for a minute ,or two, the jury returned a verdict of manslaughter against Julia Bobinson. The prisoner, 011 hearing the Verdict, commenced to ucreain and cry, and was removed from the roum. Siio was committed for trial on the coroner's warrant.—Leader. ? LAWYERS rx COURT. — Legal gentlemen most assuredly require home regulations f»r the.ir "addressing" guidance in the police court, similar to tli.tse laid down by Judge Cope in the County Court a few days back. O11 Wednesday, Mr. Dwyer, a barrister, aud Mr..Grylls, the solicitor, ftiirly occupied the time of the Brunswick Police Court till dusk, over several cases of a very uniinportaut nature, in which Mr. Dwyer, sen., was the defendant. Legal- objections, requiring lengthened arguments, cropped up plentifully-as thistles on a back allotment, in which the gentlemen felt it their duty or pleasure to abuse each other, in doini; which they seemed very fairly balanced. Of course it was very amusing for the usual police idlers to hear Mr. Dwyer tell Mr. Grylls he did not understand h ~~Mr. Grylls reply—" Thank you; arid thank God I do not, as taught by a colonial-made barrister;" but to those witnesses who were engaged in the stabbing case, some of whom were twenty miles from their homes, matters were different. Mr. Lobb, the chairman, might well tell the gentlemen, on the conclusion of the Dwyer business, lie hoped they would never meet each other again in the police court in opposition to each other. A DUEL PREVENTED.—The Kilmore JFree Press relates the following incident as. having occurred at a place near Kilmore, where there are two rival undertakers:—" A short time ago a highly respectable gentleman, connected with the Masonic brotherhood, departed this life, and havjng no immediate relatives, some friends undertook the solemn duty of making the necessary arrangements for the burial. Both undertakers were aplied to as to the price—one who prides Eirnself on his Cornish style of wrestling, and the other, who belongs to the brethren, and oweB allegiance to the Emperor of Ger- many, knew something of sword exercise, acquired in his younger days. The ^restler was successful in procuring' the job, and this circumstance was attributed to some intrigue of a leather merchant, wh6 ,is in the habit of making frequent boast of British pluck, independence, and fair play. After tha burial service had been concluded, the brethren returned to their-hotel, -with the view, doubtless, of unrobing themselves, when the unsuccessful applicant for .conducting the funeral invited the leather man to an interview in the lodge-room. The latter, in the innocence arid purity of hiB soul, dreaining no harm at- the hands of ia brother, complied with the request, entered the room, which was immediately fastened by the undertaker. A pair of swords, used by the officers of the lodge, hung in their accustomed places; both of these the undertaker took from tlje wall, and placing one in the hands of the leather merchant, he drew the other from its scabbard, telling Leather if he was ' possessed of one spark of that honor and British fair-play, Sbout which" he had boasted so much, to do likewise, and \- m vi -.sJiswi..;. The ,attitude. o£ th^ flashing of ,the bn^^te^^^ovse..^ deadly •ienm •wl[o stood a* secqhd*, and' he certaiii that he cpuj^ no Ipngeif iheat ^he Undertaker, of concerned, a death . scene . was f.„ happily avi „^.(»gen tleman who; happehed 'to bfl • iri the 'TOom •when .both entered. The incident,'however, was of. a jneBt thrilling'-nature, :and brings us. back to the . old days of chivalry and duelling About, which we read. There is some talk of the matter being brought more prom inen tly before'-the public." FRIQHTFCI. AccinXirr.—Yesterday affc»r noon, about half-past 5 o'clock, several melt were working at a large piece of rock, weighing about 100 tpns, in Cpmrnings's quarry, Pyrmont. when it suddenly gave way, and rolled some distance. One of the men, named Henry Tyrrel, w*s knocked down by it, and the whole mass of the rock went over him. A. man named Felix Carrolj caught hold of a rope that was hanging from above, and swung.with such, force against a crane, that he f although saved from instantaneous death, had to be token to the infirmary, where it was discovered he had sustained a fracture ofpartofthe pelvis'; also ^considerable braises abont the face. He'was, when we' last called at the infirmary, getting-on fa* vourably. Another man clung to a rope that was suspended: close by, and did not receive any injury. The unfortunate man Tyrrell, when picked up, was quire dead, and in such a fearfully mutilated state that it was considred advisable it take the body to the dead-house, tJircular'Quay, and if was accordingly conveyed-there in a cart. Deceased was forty*five years of age, and resided in Mount-Street, Pyrmont. He has left a widow and a family of six children, most of whom, are young. An inquest will be held at the Observer Tavern, Lower Geo rge-street.— NOT. A BAD WAY OF GOING ABOUT IT.—A Sandridge wife who objected to her husband going to a publichouse on Sundays has sought to prevent the custom by laying an information against I h.i publican for Sunday trading. At the local police court on 13th July Michael Flanagan, landlord of the President Lincoln Hotel, Sandridge, was charged, on the information of Mrs. Catherine Lawrence, with selling liquor on Sunday, the 2nd inst. From Mrs Lawrence's evidence, it appeared that she knew her husband, Antonio Lawrence, waB in Flanagan's hotel on the Sunday in question, and she went there with the object of iudncing him to go home. On knocking at the door it was opened by someone belonging to the house, and she, feeling confused, ashed to be served with a- pint of beer, which was sold to her. Meeting sergeant Harrington soon after leaving the hotel, she told liim that she h id been nerved with the al«. andsubsequently laid the information. Flanagan was fined £5, with 30s costs.. THE WAOGA SCGAU COMPANY.—A meetiligof the Provisional Directors of the Sugar Company wns held at the Comercial on Thursday evening. The Secretary read letters, giving prices of machinery, from the following firms : Messrs. P. N. Bussell Co., Chapman andHJrt^ K.-B. Bobinson, and A. McCallum, and also a letter fr W. A. Jacob offering to supply„8eed at Is. a lib., and forwarding a sample. On the motion of Mr. Willans, seconded by Mr. Walsh it was decided that.as soon as the share-list reached 200 a general meeting of the shareholders should be called to appoint Directors. A letter has been received by the Secretary from'Mr. Holland, giving some valuable suggestions as to the machinery required, which he advises should be "strong, solid, and well -adjusted, so as to crush anything in the shape of..a sugar-producing plant." He believes that the common sugar-cane can be grown here as well aa.the Planter's Friend, and thinks it would be prudent for the company to- Jook ahead and erect , such a mill as will answer for all varieties. The rev. gentleman speaks most hopefully of the future of the Company, which he says is ^ full of encouragement, and success certain,'-' and encloses a beautiful sample• of eugar made by him from canes that w«sre fully ripe before he visited Wagga, and which were fourteen days,cut, exposed to both rain and frost all that time. He made the experiment to ascertaiu how far the canes had been injured by the exposure, and the result was a little loss of weight, but chiefly, he thiuks, of the watery element, and the' production bf a sugar which would be worth in Wagga £36 a ton, or even more—a fact, which he thinks, under the most adverse circumstances, should " keep the directors from pulling long faces in expectation. of loBing their dividends." [ The Company have -determined to commence operations as Boon as 200 shares have been taken up, and. as, if anything is to be done this season, the time is now getting short, it is to be hoped the list will be filled up at least to thatr extent, without delay. The number of shares already applied for is 140, in addition tb which there are several promises which! cannot be^too quickly fulfilled. The seed, ought to be distributed next month, so that planting can commence early in^September.—Advertiser. ? ? S.'M. Herald. ? ? —Ibid. Empire. ? 