THE PLANTER'S FRIEND, AND HOW THE PLANT CAME UP AT CHRISTMAS. [CONTRIBUTED.] CHAPTER I. THE PLANT was not the Zulu Kaffre Impbee the Rev. E. Holland recommends, and he was not the Planter's Friend, as those who read this simple story of Colonial life will learn. Some years ago a publican kept a roadside hostelry designated "The Traveller's Joy" in a prosperous district, where sheep- shearers having finished shearing these inoffensive animals came to him to be fleeced, and where a large per centage of the wages of the reapers employed by neighbouring farmers was reaped by the landlord. This host's real name was Peters; but he was generally known as "Blowhard," on account of his wonderful gift of boasting and telling lies. There was a Mrs Peters, who was a patient, hard-working drudge, and some young Peterses inhabited the back regions of the house, and were taught by a dilapidated old tutor who took out his salary in grog; they need not be further mentioned. Blowhard was a tolerably cute, thoroughly selfish man, with the stomach of an ostrich, and a head that no amount of liquor could render incapable of looking after its owner's interests. Besides keeping the Traveller's Joy he farmed some land and had also a good many head of cattle and horses knocking about near his place; but the pastorally-named pur- suit to which he chiefly devoted himself, and in which he was thoroughly proficient, was "lambing down" customers. Shearers' or reapers' cheques entrusted to him melted away as the morning mist does before the sun, and dissipated into nobblers with a rapidity that even surprised the patient and experienced victims who were knocking them down. But if afterthia feat had been accomplished the per some engaged in it were much prostrated and enervated, Blowhard always allowed them to remain a day or two on the premises, during which time he "brought them round," as he said, with strong beef-tea and spirits ad- ministered in homœpathic doses, and when they left presented them with a bottle of rum each. So he was generally voted not a bad fellow, though "rather a nipper." His better guests were waited on by a very smart, good looking girl named Bridget Bruce, but generally known simply as Biddy, and for general utility man he had a good fellow whose proper title was Jack Smith, but who was alluded to as "Jack the Sailor." Jack was one of those men who can turn their hands to anything; he had been to sea in youth, but he never returned to it again, and he was as generally accomplished in all up-country work as the Hon. John Robertson is—and that is saying a good deal if we remember the cata- logue of his accomplishments in the pastoral and agricultural line the present Colonial Secretary detailed to the electors of the Clarence River. Jack could also play on the fiddle, sing a good song, and make love to a pretty girl. He made strong love to Bridget, and as he was a manly, good-looking fellow, and evidently very fond of her, Biddy liked Jack. But she was a girl of considerable practical good sense, determination, and ambition, so when Jack avowed his love and asked her to marry him she responded as follows :— "It's no use Jack, you and I thinking of marrying just now; we are both better off single. If we were married and had children (being colonially trained Biddy said "kids," I fear), Blowhard would get another parlour- maid and I should have to go to the wash- tub, and we'd be sent to live in old Bill's hut; (Bill was an inferior assistant), and have our wages dropped. It's masters and mistresses that have good times and make money, and I mean to have a public-house of my own yet. If you like to save up your wages I'll save up mine, and if you'll wait till we have enough to start on our own hook I'll marry you then." "It's such a time to wait," pleaded Jack; "and are seeing you every day and loving you so that I often can't sleep for thinking of you; 'and always dream of you when I do get to sleep.'' "So it is, Jack," said Biddy with a sigh, for she liked Jack and he looked very manly and loving as he stood pleading before her, "but it's the only way it is to be done, and my mind's made up." So Jack became rigidly economical. He saved up all his wages, never had a nobbler at his own expense, though he sometimes partook of a "short" from a patient who was being lambed-down by Blowhard, wore shabby clothes, and made deals in horses when he could turn a penny by so doing; and Biddy also laid by all she could; but their joint-stock of funds accumulated but slowly despite all their efforts, and Jack sometimes felt savage, and Biddy sad. There were several settlers resident within an easy distance of the Traveller's Joy; in fact the place was in a fair way to become a bush township, there being already a black- smith's shop and a pound-yard near. It is needless to say that the vicinity possessed vast undeveloped resources—all country districts in this colony do. The most important of the neighbouring settlers was one Crooke—Nosey Crooke he from his nasal organ having been levelled by some former accident and flattened out so as to cover the major part of his countenance. He was a spare, wiry old man, burnt to a dingy yellow colour by the sun. He had visited this colony by the desire and at the expense of the Imperial Government, and had devoted some years to the improvement of its highways. Since then he and a mate of his, who had followed these same industrial pur- suits, had acquired a considerable quantity of land and cattle, and on his mate's decease these became Crooke's property, by some legal manœuvring on the part of a smart attorney he employed which need not be detailed.. There had been a Mrs Crooke but she had vanished with another party, leaving behind her a very indifferent reputation and a son whom Crooke, sen., trained after a style of his own. He carefully avoided having him taught reading or writing, asserting that education spoiled a man, and that he never knew a book- larned man yet—barring the attorney who got his mate's property for him—who was not a fool, with an adjective signifying sanguinary prefixed. Young Crooke accordingly grew up with as much knowledge of religion, morality arts, sciences, and literature as a blackfellow possesses; but he could play cards, smoke, and swear proficiently. In company with his father; and an old reprobate who lived with them, he also gained a most thorough acquaint- ance with the by-ways, bush paths, short cross cuts, gullies, and ranges of the district he lived in and others adjacent. He was an acute judge of the value of horses and cattle, which knowledge was useful to him when disposing of them; but both young and old Crooke con- sidered the cheapest means of obtaining such stock the best, and were deterred by no con- scientious scruples from adopting these means. It need only be said further that this promis- ing youth, who was a lank-haired, sun-tanned lad about 17 years of age, rode his horse as if he was part of it, and in the saddle did not seem to know what fatigue was. He and the as active as many a young man, were fre- quently from home; but where they went to few could tell. It was observed, however, that after these absences calves were unusually abundant on Crooke's land, and that old Crooke often made excellent purchases at sales held at a pound located in an obscure part of the district, most of the stock he bought having, by some strange fatality, blotched or indistinct brands. So the Crooke's prospered, and the father used to remark exultantly when calves were plentiful, or he had bought a good lot of obscurely branded horses or cattle, that his son was "a chip of the old block." This many would not have held to be high praise, as the "old block" in question was as greedy, gross, blasphemous, close-fisted, hard-hearted an old reprobate as ever stepped in shoe leather; but the father's brief summary of his son's character was undoubtedly correct. This pleasant pair and their servant lived in a miserable, slovenly, slab-built, bark-thatched ihut, and subsisted on salt-junk and damper, all the year round. The only luxury old Crooke did not grudge himself was a deep debauch of rum and explosion of blasphemy at Blowhard's, after he had effected a good purchase at his favourite pound, or made a satisfactory sale; his only genuine joy in life was hoarding money, but where he bestowed it no one knew, not even his son, though he made secret and earnest efforts to satisfy himself on this point. When, advised by Blowhard, to bank, his money he retorted with great disdain. "D'ye think I'm going to let the sanguinary flash banker at —— (naming the neighbouring township) have my money to handle and do what he likes with? No, no more than I'm going to take the bits o' paper he calls notes instead o' gold. It should be mentioned that when old Crooke sold cattle he always stipu- lated that he should be paid in sovereigns. "I've got no money to speak of," the old man would continue, "only a few sovs. to buy what I want, or to pay for a spree, and I know where to get 'em and nobody else does; that's the best of it." When old Crooke said he had only a few sovs., despite his utmost efforts a grin would nicker over his face, and those he addressed were aware that he was speaking untruly. His own hoarded wealth must have been very con- siderable, and it was known that his mate had been a richer man and greater miser than Crooke; but when the former died not one shilling belonging to him could be found, therefore it was generally surmised that old Crooke had either appropriated his money or knew where it was concealed. As he may again be referred to it may be mentioned that Crooke's deceased mate was named Banks. CHAPTER II. It was approaching Christmas time, that blessed season of kindly hospitality and general geniality. In England snow lay deep on the ground, and village spires pointed up to heaven. Former friends who had abused and detested each other through eleven months of the year were preparing to shake hands, to say "how are you my dear old fellow," and to ask each other and each other's wives and children to dinner. If two men quarelled and hit each other they shook hands immediately afterwards, and said "neighbours should not quarrel now, bless our souls it's Christmas tide." Scrooge was making ready to see the ghosts of Christmas past, present, and to come, and afterward to turn into the jolliest old cock ever known; Mrs. Cratchit had bought the goose that Bob and Tiny Tim and the family were to eat; Trotty Veck was going to go into the basin of tripe his daughter brought him on Alderman Cute's door-step; and the "Haunted Man" was about to con- verse with his double. For further particu- lars see Mr. Dickens's Christmas tales. That style does not.suit this story of real life, and we are speaking of Christmas in Australia. We must try again. Well, it was Christmas time in this colony ?? the heat was oppressive; the air was heavy and dim with smoke from smouldering bush- fires; the roads were white with dust, and the grass was yellow and sere; waterholes had dried up and the mud at their bottoms was baked and cracked; flies were abundant, as were mosquitoes, and ants, snakes, and other vermin. The disreputable portion of many communities were preparing to inebriate themselves with fiery spirits in honor of the season; Sons and Daughters of Temperance were going to pic-nic in the blazing sunshine, and eat stale buns, and drink tepid lemonade, while family parties were about madly to attempt to keep up old customs by consuming hot roast turkey and heavy plum pudding when the thermometer stood 104° in the shade. A wayfaring man, who had been engaged for several days at Blowhard's in exchanging a vanishing cheque for a future attacks of delirium tremens and had nearly accomplished that feat, had lost a good horse on which he rode up to 'The Traveller's Joy,' owing to the animal jumping over the rails of the paddock in which it had been placed. As Blowhard calculated that after drinking his cheque his guest would probably drink the value of the horse also, he was naturally anxious it should not be lost; therefore he despatched Jack the Sailor in search of it on the day before Christmas day. Jack obeyed willingly enough, being stimulated with the promise of a reward if he found the missing steed. He rode up ranges, down gullys, and over burnt flats; but could find no trace of the animal he was in quest of. "I wonder if those condemned Crookes have got it stowed away in the ranges at the back of their place," thought he as he paused under the meagre shade a gum tree afforded, in a considerable state of heat and ill-temper. "It's a rough bit of country and I don't know it very well," he continued, "no one does but these two scamps and that precious old servant of theirs; but I don't like to be beaten; I'll go and see," and he rode off accordingly. It was a rough bit of country, but Jack traversed it; he saw several good- looking horses, with very indistinct brands, hobbled out in a sequestered gully, walled in by steep rocks; but the one he was in quest of was not there. By this time the shades of evening were falling, and a dark cloud was rapidly overspreading the sky, so Jack concluded to abandon his search and push for home, not without some misgivings that he had lost his way. He accordingly urged his tired steed up a spur of the range and pro- ceeded to descend the other side. While so doing his horse stumbled, and Jack, who was riding carelessly and meditating on the charms of Biddy, found himself suddenly thrown some feet forward over his steed's head. The animal had previously evinced several symptoms of impatience and disgust, and no sooner did it feel itself relieved of Jack's superincumbent weight than it gave a neigh of triumph, swerved to one side, and dashed down the range at a speed that rendered pursuit hopeless. Jack got up, not much hurt but greatly aggravated, and having relieved his mind by several appropriate imprecations of his runaway steed, proceeded to consider the situation he was placed in. The result of his cogitations was that it was of no use trying to reach the Traveller's Joy that night. "I must camp out," thought Jack, "and I may as well do so at the foot of the range, for I'm fairly tired." Having arrived at this resolve he crawled down the range and picked out the softest piece of turf he could find, near where a large old tree had fallen. He had a biscuit in his pocket which Biddy had given to him, and he found a small pool of clear water in a hollow in one of the water-courses that fur- rowed the side of the range. After his light meal he lighted his pipe and lay contentedly enough down to rest. The only thing that troubled him was the thought that if his horse made its way home to the Traveller's Joy before him next day Biddy might be alarmed, and might suppose he had met with some serious accident. "But she'll be all the better pleased when she sees me safe and sound," thought Jack, and with this philo- sophic reflection he fell asleep. Early next morning he awoke. The air was delightfully fresh and pure; a pleasant odour was wafted from the eucalypti that grew around; insects were sporting in the early sunshine, and a magpie was singing in rich metallic notes near. "Christmas day is not bad in the bush after all,' said Jack as he lay noting these things with half-shut eyes, and thinking dreamily of past Christmas times at sea, and of one spent at home, when he had just come off a voyage, and when he saw his old mother for the last time. The place Jack had camped at was just at the edge of a comparatively clear patch of ground, on which several large trees grew, and which was surrounded by small saplings and under- wood. One tree much larger than the rest in size stood apart from the others. It had a rent in its stem like a rude gothic portal, leading into the interior of the trunk, which was hollow and could have sheltered two or three people. Its giant limbs were white and dead; except one, which stretched above the rest towards the sky, having at its extremity, some finger-like branches, fringed with a few green leaves. Jack was looking lazily at this tree, when he thought he heard the sound of cautious, stealthy footsteps and the crackling of a dry twig in the underwood near. A moment afterwards old Crooke appeared in sight. Jack was about to hail him, and to ask how far he was from his place; but there was something so secret, furtive, and mysterious in the old man's demeanour that he kept silence. Jack's body was concealed by the trunk of the tree beside which he had camped; but he could through an opening in some leaves and grass where his head rested observe the old man unseen. After peering keenly around and listening and looking about, during which last process he came so near Jack that the latter shut his eyes, fearing that their gleam might betray him. Crooke seemed satisfied, and drawing a trowel from his pocket proceeded to the hollow tree, which he entered. Jack's curiosity was now fairly aroused and he watched the old man's proceedings attentively. He first removed some earth, then brought out one or two flat stones which he laid carefully down, then dug up the earth again for some time, and finally came put and sat down in front of the hollow tree. After another sharp suspicious glance round, and a further listening pause, he put his hand back into the recess, and drew from thence an apparently weighty bag, which he unloosed ary Moloncy 'sjien'i wliifc mlnoytW fi(r'if6Wir(ifiYjji em, and defendant came to the gaol, told Sinnet bis X fe was in want, and offered to buy the blankets in % estion, which Sinnet Ji.id left at a hut at Kimo reef. s%. said his wife must not sell them nnd cautioned Mis. Ill' oskins against buying them, but it seemed she after- be? ards did so. dy His worship referred in terms of strong censure to i nnet's conduct. When it answered his purpose lie s?' led the woman ho was living with his wife, and had eft that ground obtained permission for her to visit him pic gaol; now he had tho audacity to turn round and J,l y she was only his mistress. The defendant had. ^ ? ted wrongly, hnt she had bought the blaukets Jfv lieving that Mary Moloney was Sinnct's wife. A wd! which it was, when he was sick and asked me on Christmas day to go for doctor's stuff for him I was sure he wanted to get me out of the way that he might go and look at his gold again; it was what I'd have done myself. So I went and got my horse and galloped off till I was out of hearing, and then I tied the horse to a sapling in the bush and came creeping back along the range above the house. And there was the old man in the door peeping out, but he did not see me. He had dressed hisself, and he crawled on below with the help of his stick, stopping to rest and cough and draw his breath, and I crawled on above till I saw him go to the old tree and fight and tear till he got this bag; and he counted the money and kissed it, he did, and could hardly bear to leave it; but at last he went crying into the hollow tree to hide it again and I cut off to my horse and rode like blazes to the doctor's place. When I came back with the medicine Banks was in bed, and said I had been a long time, and I said the doctor was out when I first went. Oh! what a lark it was; Banks never got over that walk, it killed him, and after he was buried I came here, and dug up the golden guineas and hid them again. They have been here ever since, and I come to see that they're safe and sound every year on Christmas day." At the conclusion of this long soliloquy Old Crooke passed his hands through the clinking money, and bowed his face over it, and worshipped it as a savage worships his fetish, and finally buried it very carefully again. Jack, meantime, having heard most of the above remarks, lay as still as death, with his eyes closed, and hardly dared to breathe. Presently he heard old Crooke's retreating footsteps, but he lay still for some time after that, and then slowly and noiselessly, followed the path he had taken. Hiding himself behind a tree, and looking cautiously out on the clear plain beyond, Jack noted old Crooke at the other side, in the act of mounting his horse, and then saw him ride away. He returned in a state of great excite- ment and triumph. "So that's old Banks's tin,' he said, "that this avaricious old skeleton keeps hid away. Well, I've as good a right to be Banks's heir as he has if the old man had wanted him to have the money he'd have told him where it was. The greedy old couple of planters, to leave money lying hid in the ground and many a good man walking about wanting it. But they've got a friend that won't allow them to act in that way. I'm that friend; I'm THE PLANTER'S FRIEND. Shall I spring the plant now? I'll go home and tell Biddy first; its quite safe, old Crooke won't be hore again till this time next year/ Then I'll come back again and have up the gold this blessed Christmas Day." With these words Jack started, off in a different direction from that old Crooke had taken, and made his way home, speedily, but by devious tracks. His horse, saddled and bridled, had reached "The Traveller's Joy" some hours before him, and Biddy had been much alarmed as to his safety; but her fears were dissipated by his arrival, and they afterwards had a long and most interesting conversation together; the way- farer's steed had also been brought in by a neighbour. Blowhard was busy, a good 'shouting' company having assembled at whose expense he was drinking, liberally, and to whom he was boasting frightfully, and telling most atrocious lies. One of the customers present had informed Blowhard that he had heard that a party of diggers had been seen at work on the banks of a creek about a mile away, which was supposed to contain a golden deposit, and that they were said to have got capital prospects. Jack, seizing the op- portunity, offered to go and look at the place and report thereon. As payable gold being found in the creek implied a rush to the place, and that in its turn betokened an influx of customers and corresponding profits, Blowhard assented to Jack's proposal with manifest approval, and in token there of bestowed on him a glass of superior grog, from a small green-covered bottle named 'The Admiral,' which he generally appropraited for his own use. So Jack took a spade and tin dish and set off in the direction of the creek; but when he was out of sight of 'The Traveller's Joy' he changed his course and struck into the bush. He pushed on till he came to the place he had left that morning, and went up to the tree with the hollow stem, and the long limb with the finger-like tranches fringed with leaves pointing upwards. After listening as keenly and looking round as cautiously as old Crooke had done; he went inside the stem and began to prospect there. First he removed earth, then stones, then earth again, and at length came upon a goodly auriferous deposit, con- tained not in wash dirt but in wash leather. The gold was neither irregular nor water-worn, but lay piled in flat circular pieces, with milled edges, and bearing an image and inscription on them. There were over five hundred such pieces, and each piece was worth twenty shillings. On his return to 'The Traveller's Joy' Jack briefly intimated that he thought the creek of no account for gold-seeking purposes. Late that night Biddy was very busy pack.- ing-up, and Jack afterwards entrusted two boxes to a friendly teamster, who was bound for the neighbouring township next day, giving him directions as to where they were to be left, likewise a letter of importance addres- sed to a reverend gentleman \'resident in the township. Shortly afterwards Biddy was seized with a conviction that she had of late neglected her religious duties, and that it was imperative she should go to Church next Sunday; Jack would go with her, she said, and take care of her on the way back. Blow- hard sanctioned this somewhat unwillingly. He did not like his employés to possess religious inclinations; but he reasoned that if Jack, who was manifestly 'spoony' on Biddy married her; they would be a very useful couple, and would be less likely to leave his service, ‘and after I have them safe I can drop their wages’ said the worthy man internally. So Jack and Biddy went to Church; but they did not come back, and Blowhard riding into the township on Monday afternoon, found that they had been married on the previous day, that the friendly carrier had by a previous arrangement bought the horses they rode, which were their own property, at a valuation, and that Jack and Biddy had gone onwards towards Sydney by Sunday night's mail. Blowhard was disgusted and indignant; but they had taken nothing but their own away; had indeed left wages due in his hands, which he consoled himself by confiscating. CHAPTER III. The host of 'The Traveller's Joy' hired other servants, but he never again got so smart a barmaid as Biddy or such a useful man as Jack the Sailor. Matters went on in their usual course at the roadside inn, except that shearers and reapers did not so often visit the place, and Blowhard's pastoral pursuit of 'lambing down' wss not so frequently called into requisition. But on the Christmas Day twelvemonth from that on which Jack and Biddy had so suddenly departed, his power's in that line were called into operation by no less a party than old Crooke. Early in the morn- ing, he galloped up to 'The Traveller's Joy,' breathless, foaming with rage, and blasphem- ing horribly. 'What on earth is the matter?' said Blow- hard aghast. 'Matter,' yelled old Crooke, with a hideous volley of imprecations, 'the plant's sprung; it's all gone, five hundred golden sovs. that old Banks left hid, and that I've looked at every Christmas for ten years; oh! if I but know who took them; I'd hunt him down; I'd cut out his heart and eat it, I would; I'd follow him through this world and to — — after; Bring me some strong rum, quickly, and plenty of it, or I shall go mad, and here the miserable old wretch sprung off his horse, and rolling on the ground broke out into wild incoherent exclamations of rage and despair, mingled with execrations in which he consign- ed the body, soul, eyes, limbs, lungs, and liver of the person who ''sprung the plant" to the hottest corner of the infernal regions. Blowhard gave old Crooke strong rum, but he took such a quantity of this liquor to drown his grief and assuage his despair that he very nearly drank himself to death; and Blowhard's great skill and experience were taxed to the uttermost to bring him round with beef tea and minute doses of liquor. When he recovered he made solitary journeys to different obscure parts of his land, and after each rode into the neighbouring township and deposited sums of money in the bank there, having, at length lost faith in the planting system. The final scene of our tale is laid in a different part of the colony altogether. The Rev. Mr. Holland had that evening delivered a glowing lecture on the advantages to be derived from the cultivation of the Imphee sugar cane, which he has christened the Planter's Friend, and several of his auditors are discussing it in the comfortable bar parlour of an hotel which, has been recently, taken by a young couple named Mr. and Mrs. John Smith, who are doing an excellent stroke of business. The landlady is a pretty, smart, lively woman, evidently perfect mistress of her calling; her husband, who is a jolly, good-natured, good- looking fellow, calls her familiarly Biddy, arid she responds "well Jack, what is it?" "Did you hear what the rev. Mr. Holland said?" asked a highly enthusiastic party present. "It's a wonderful cane, you can make sugar, and molasses, and rum out of the juice; you can manure your land with the trash left ; you can make felt hats and brown paper out of the stalks; you can feed your cows and horses with the leaves, and you can fatten pigs and poultry and goats, in fact everything but cats and dogs, on the seeds. Nothing is wasted; it's a magnificent discovery and will be the making of the colony." "What is this wonderful thing?" asked the landlord. "What is it?" replied the enthusiastic party with some scorn; "Why the Planter's Friend; the grandest thing out. Did you never hear of it?" "Well, yes; I rather think I have," said the landlord, with a queer humorous smile to his wife. "I once went into the Planter's Friend line myself; but only on a small scale, only for one plant." "Indeed," said the enthusiastic party, "and did it come up well?" "It did," replied mine host, "very well; did it not, Biddy?" "It did that, old man," replied his wife. "And the sugar from it—was it of good quality?" asked the interrogator. "The best sort going," said the landlord emphatically, but still smiling. "I'll lay down ten acres immediately," said the enthusiastic party, "and I'll go now and ask the Rev. Mr. Holland where I can get the seed." But the plant the landlord spoke of, as has been said, was not the Imphee, and the 'sugar' he referred to was a metallic not a saccharine substance. —B. 