PICKINGSFROMMELBOURNEPUNCH. A Gboundless Complaint.— A correspondent of one of the daily papers complains that nearly all the 'bobbies' are Irish, and appears aggrieved at the fact. Cannot this English boobv see that we arraugeiueni is oniy anomer tribute to nis undoubted superiority? The Celt waits on the Saxon, If a Britisher in the exercise of hiB undoubted right as a free-bom ' cuss' gets drunk, the Hibernian ' crusher' carries him to a com fortable night'B lodging in the watch-house— acts. m fact, as his valet. If, further, it pleases him to rise any higher in the scale of crime, the same obliging individual is always waiting to take him up. So that in reality, so far from 'an English man' having any grounds of complaint in con sequence of the exclusion of his countrymen from the force, he ought rather to pity poor ' Faddy,' who is condemned to labour for them perpetually. Cons.— What makes the Yarra smell so sweet when it overflows? Because it's rose-water. What sort of bedstead would be beet for a liar? A stretcher. Why is a religious enthusiast like the ghost of a gorilla? Because he's a vision-hairy (visionary). W hat should you do if your temper is riffled? Iron it out. What toilet requisites do the France-German skirmishes remind you of? Tooth and nailbrushes, What's the difference between petitions and borough councillors? The petitions lie on the table, the others behind it. Military A ghicoltube.— Drilling turnips. Medical iCoMFORTS.-On the arrival of the Ruesian man-of-war 'Haydamack,' she was ordered into quarantine by the Chief Medical Officer, it being reported there were several cases of croup on board, for which a supply of remedies was forwarded at the same time, before it was discovered that the only Krupps on board were the 300-lb. guns, which stood in no need of medical comforts, having an ample supply of steel pills for their own consumption. Botanical jottings, by our Pet Idiot.— The tree that most resembles yourself— Yew. The one that resembles the Permissive BiU-(H)ash, The shoemaker's— Boot-tree. The coachman's— The box. The dairyman's— Butternut. The huntsman's— Saddle-tree. The invalid's— Sicker- more. The Presbyterian's— The Elder. Paris Taken.— Which letter of the alphabet caused most trouble to the leader of the German hosts? Letter A ; for if it had not been in Paris it would easily have been pris. What are persons in a fog? Always mist-ified, of course. The Sauce to Study.— Reading. Bathing in Greece.— Taking a tallow 'dip.' Aquatic— As winter is coming on, the last rows of summer will have to be pulled. The Civil Service no more will boast of its Government stroke, 'and the hows will take their /eaves with the offspring of the rooster (the cox'un), who will be knocked off his perch, and the close of the season, viz.— guernseys and flannel pants, will be laid back (Tike tigers) for another spring. Fbom our own Lunatic— The man who fixed his memory and then got screwed, cannot unfasten himself. The knight who pricked over the plain has since been compelled to mend all the holes. The person who clinched the argu ment pawned the hammer next day, and now wants to sell the ticket. The man never need have got tired who put a spoke in a (k)nave's wheel. The person who stepped into another man's shoes has suffered from corns ever since. The poor devil who was between the horns of a dilemma got tossed till he was quite bull-averse (boulaverse). CLAN CAMPBELL. Collector— 'I've just ca'd to see if ye'U no sub scribe to the Princess Louise testimonial.' Merchant-T'Na, na, mon; for I'm of opeenion that as bhe is gaun' to marry into a respecktable family, she ought to be giein' the young mon a handsome preesent hersel'.' Markets.— Gardeners have been up to thyme. A number of turnips have been stored at the pawnbrokers. Transactions in cabbages have been dull at the tailors, as much work has not been doing. Pairs have been seen applely together on Brighton Beach. Some nuts were cracked in a drunken fight in Little Bourke-street. A house keeper of severe principles has refused to put up with tomato sauce. A teetotaller has been observed very water meloncholy, and has been observed to rock melons in a cradle. The Victorian Flag Victorious.— We are toldiby one of our daily contemporaries that Lieutenant Panter having hoisted trie Victorian flag before entering the Suez Canal, the Cerberus got through as a man-of-war at a reduced rate. This is encouraging, to be sure. The flag which has braved for innumerable years the battle and the bieeze could not command any concession; but no sooner was the Southern Cross displayed than the Company caved in, and allowed a liberal discount. We had no idea that the terror of our name was so wide spread. Queries.— Did the stokers of the ' Haydamack' come from Inky-man f Should a strawberry bul lock be eaten with cream ? Is it right to call a thin publican a bony-face? Should a publican, if elected a member of the ,'Ouse, always take an m?i-side seat? Wanted.— A knife to make a short cut; spec tacles for the eyes of the world: the peak of the cap of liberty; portrait of a handsome compli ment; and the peal of a wedding ring. : PEOVERBIAL PHILOSOPHY. SLIGHTLY ALTERED FROM SHAKSPEARE. Ill blows the wind that knocks down the chimney. Idle weeds take long to smoke. It is their husbands' faults that wives fall out about the amount of house-keeping money. Many a good hanging makes the bell ring pro perly. Misery acquaints a man with lots of fleas in a cheap lodging-house. Men's evil manners live in brass, but tin renders them invisible. Men shut their doors against the rate collector. Many do keep their chambers that never have a brief. One touch of nature makes the landscape sale able. , The labour we delight in is not breaking stones. ; Thrice is he armed who has six hands, ' There is a tide in the affairs of man which may lead to a tidy fortune. ( lhe raven does not hatch a lark, being a melan choly bird. ? Query.— Is old Father Time a parish priest or a curate? and does he usually wear the spur of the moment on his right or left boot? THE FOLLOWING BEAUTIFUL DESCRIPTION OF A DREAM (AFTER A LOBSTER-SALAD \ SUPPER) IS NOT FROM ANY KNOWN POET. The burning ioe lies blistering on the sea, ' The piping bears are whistling round the pole: High let me dive, and be for ever free, : While brilliant butter-firkins sparkle in my soul ! With iron rails to twine around my hat I'll play sweet music on the melting dram; The slothful 'possum, crawling on the flat, Shall twist his tail around my heaven-born thumb. I'll deck my feet in robes as white as ink, And dance with alligators o'er the yielding stones; The smiling tigers coming down to drink, Shall join in chorus with melodious groans. The Chess Clur Kules.— Some stringent rules have been framed for the chess tournament. Players are not to pawn the boards, nor to laugh at the bishops. No one is to smoke except those wearing a chimney-pot hat. When any of the pieces are moved, a furniture van is to be employed. Any person taking a castle must well furnish it, and anyone taking the king must make a knight of it. When the word 'cheque' is used, one to the amount of at least five pounds must be tabled. The only refreshment allowed to be chess-nuts, but musical selections from the Grand Dutch (Ch)ess will be permitted. From our own Lunatic— The individual who struck an attitude dislocated his thumb. The policeman who took up a position has been threat ened with an action for false imprisonment The man who in a train of thought met with a collision on theftne of argument would have been severely injured if he had not been wrapped up in a news paper. A lady who vainly strives to catch a single idea had better advertise for a married one. The toper who was so merry in his cups wishes to try the saucers next time. The poor lad whose tongue clove to the roof of his mouth has never relished spicey remarks since. A person who lately cracked a joke was astonished to find nothing in it. The party who got into a labyrinth of difficulty is still in a state of a-maze- ment. Another Old Joke,— What is the round of the baked potato engine!— If the fruit is not sound, when it is rot-tater-y. TfflNGB not Generally Known.— If a blue bottle falls into cream it becomes a butter-fly; bat no process can transform it into a one-borse fly.— A captain's gig has neither springs nor wheels, nor is it drawn by sea-horses.— The seals of Baffin's Bay are never attached to watch-chains, but may become attached to an owner, being sagacious animals.— The trunks of elephants are never lined with unsuccessful novels, nor have they any key-holes.— A cock-crow is not black, a3i does the game-cock use bis spurs when on back. 