SKULLS AND SCIENCE. . (From the New Tori- Tribune.) CHICAGO bas dono it at lost! The last .reproach upon our flag is wiped off, and ? the city of , divorce and ditches is our redeemer. As o nation our. youth Lus ni wa vs been the one damned spot that would not out. The taint of vulgar newness has rested on our rivers and our mountains, ns well as on our ideas and our manners ; and Chicago has no doubt felt the burden with peculiar bitterness. We maj have jibed her with her lato birth our- selves. Any feather-headed foreigner bad the prerogative ef age to jeer at us. Whether wo ' choked a rebellion or sounded' bur r's through \ our nose, vre were liable to be patted on the baok and suavely reminded that we were young, and that things were not BO done in tho older countries over the sea. Could we deny it? Jonathan could stretch his mighty limbs ns he pleased, brag of bis giant's strength, his shrewd brain, Iiis yearly conquests ; yet he was painfully conscious all the time tbat he was the hobble-de-hoy among nations-the unlicked schoolboy with whom nobody dared to try a wrestle, but who could be stung into fury by a sneer. Consequently he has' koo tooed and salaamed before every travelling scribbler or story-monger, fearful that he would bo dismissed by them to the dunoe's stool for some solecism in manners or pro- nunciation. To bo sure vre did what we could to make ourselves a descent and an nntiquity. The New-Englandecs kept tho dead bones of the Pilgrim Fathers stalking abroad in the sight of all men. Philadelphia has never buried William Penn; in New York we made what capital we could out of Hendrik Hudson ; and Virginia families, headed by the Lees, con- sole themselves to-day for their empty pockets and missing slaves by squabbling about whether their visionary coats-of-arms should be moons with unfilled horns or rampant squirrels. But Chicago has come to the rescue. She has discovered a skull in Calaveras county, California, and named it ia her Academy of Sciences, which proves thc American to be not the youngest son of .Time, but the unnamed ancestor of Time itself. The European scientific journals receivo the report of the dis- covery with breathless awe. " The spot from whioh the skull was taken," they say, " tho lowest of four' deposits of auriferous gravel, over which were five successive bed3 of lava und volcanio tufa, refers it to the Plioceno, or the age before the volcanic eruptions which cover a great.part of the State, preceding that of tho mastodon, elephant, and other great pachyderms. This remarkable discovery, then, if placed beyond doubt, carrie* baok tho presenco of man in America to a period even' more remote than that inferred from tho stone implements in the drift of Abbeville and Amiens in the valley of the Somme, or the human skeleton in the loess of tho Rhine." Various conjectures follow us as to thc effect of this discovery upon future soienoe. But what do we care for future science ? We are no longer like Melchisedcc, without father, mother, or descent. The past is ours. Tho first dead Yankee has gone down to bo crowned King in Hades. "Hell from beneath is moved to meet him at his coming ; it sttrreth up the dead for bim, even tho chief ones of the: earth." Talk of your Norman blood, of old Castilian, or the ancient Latin races I . When grey-haired Saturn was a babe in swaddling clothes, this great pro- genitor of ours had left life, old as Age itself, to see what profit could bo made in the realm of ghosts.. - When the modern Adam first looked about the newly-fashioned world/this ancient Jonathan nodded good luck to him out of the land of shadows.- Ages before he had discovered, invented, tested,:tho world, and all that was in it, and found it to bo1 but vanity and vexation of spirit. The ages since have heaped dead races over his resting-place,, who, being dead, rest in quiet and make no sign.- But, true to his nature, he comes nosing his way back, and thrusts his fleshless jaws among his descendants, to see what new thing they have found out at this late hour of the day; He has brought us dignity among tho nations. Henceforth the Goddess of Liberty shall keep him in sight of them cheek hy jowl with herself.. " Hero she and Time shall sit. Here is her. throne : let Kings come bow to it.'' : 