CHARGES AGAINST A JUSTICE OF THE PEACE. Mr Joseph Barnes of the Mount Alexander hotel, Chewton, received the following letter: Crown Law Offices, Melbourne 31st March. Sir,—I am directed by the Solicitor-General to inform y_nn that it is stated that yon recently in the public bar of>n hotel, in an open mauner brought serious charges against Mr Mears, J.P., of misconduct in his office of Jnstice of the Peace. The Solicitor-General desires to know whether you did. advance such charges, and if so, whether you are willing to acquaint him with tbem, and to substantiate them. I have the honor to be Sir, B. C. HABRMAN, Chief Clerk Mr Barnes, Hotelkeeper, Uhewton. Mr Barnes has replied to the above, stating his readiness to substantiate any charges he bad made against Dr Meats, and stated that so far as he recollects he stated that Dr Mears did not as a justice of the peace act with strict impartiality, inasmuch as on a certain day, while the Chewton Court waa sitting, Dr Mears, from the Bench', drew the attention of the police (in terms of implied censure on them) to a noisi which took place in the house of one Dawes, on a certain evening, but omitted to make an; mention of a fight which he (Dr Mears) watched out of the back window of Brunier's hotel, between a Mr .Hunter and a . Mr Edwards, without taking any steps.to preserve the peace which as a ..magistrate he was bound to do. Mr Barnes has further stated that Dr Mears habitually breaks the provisions of the lav against Sunday trading by selling on that day to both Chinese and Europeans. If both, or either of these charges, are maintained, there will of course be no alternative but for the bon the Solicitor-General to remove Dr Mears from the roll of magistrates, but of course this would not be done nnttl. thorough inuestigation on oath has revealed -tbe wjiole particulars. Dr Mears is bound in justice.to himself to invite inquiry, and will doubtless do so. We do n«t altogether agree with the Sabbatarian law, bat it must be admitted that as long as a law ezi&S; those appointed to administer it should ktu> clear of a breach of it—Mad. • A GHOST^-WB take the following from the Geelong Register of yesterday -.—One of those curious cases of appearing after death which every, now and again obtain publicity, t> ct which are either doubted altogether or else put down to force of imagination, or a strange coincidence," has been mentioned to us, and as it is well authenticated, it may be acceptable t» our readers. Some tiine since a poor noman. Mrs Harding, the wife tif a small farmer at QaeeiisclsS; having exhibited signs of lnnacr, was sent to the Yarra Bend for medical treatment. A woman, who waB not acquainted with. Mrs H., was engaged to supply her place in the care of five children.- This housekeeper, afe* days.since, on meeting.M.r H. informed hu" that his wife had been, in the bedroom to" evening before; sheHad seemed astonished at seeing the . housekeeper with tbe children, whom she regarded very attentively and thw disappeared. This woman described accurately both heir personal appearance and dies®, and the impreBsion which was made on tw husband was strengthened by messengers vita a telegram from the Cliff to state that the previous eveniug the lunatic had escaped from keepers and drowned herself in the Yaira. * those who are in the habit of investigating w subject of spiritual appearances thia may nothing strange ; to others it may have BOB interest, as happening close to this town ana easy corroboration. 