POPULAR SCIENCE. HALF HOURS ABOUT OUR SELVES. Let as now consider the state of the atmo sphere supplied to the dweller in the arctic regions, ana to another at the equator. The proportion in which nitrogen and oxygen are mixed is the same in both places, bat the quantity of either supplied for agiven time for breathing purposes is necessarily different, for this quantity varies as the density of the atmo-. sphere inhaled. The air has weight as have other substances, and it is found, with a slight exception not necessary to mention now, that its weight or pressure is the same at the sea level or bottom of the aerial ocean the whole world over. Bat all gases, of which the atmosphere is one, the pressure upon them being constant, increase in volume with every increase of temperature. We all know the common experiment of placing a half-filled bladder before the fire, and seeing it distended and filled from the absorption of heat. As the air now, by rare faction, occupies a larger space, a cubic foot of it weighs less than a similar quantity at its former lower temperature, and the same most be true of the atmosphere of our earth. As the column of air in the torrid zone weighs as much as the column of air in the frigid zone, we must suppose that the height of the atmosphere must be greater in the former regions than in the latter, since the weight of both columns at the surface of the earth is the same. A cubic foot of air, then, at the freezing point will contain a greater weight, and con sequently, a greater number of particles of oxygen than a cubic foot at a higher temperature. Now the average of the yearly temperature in Greenland is 3deg. below zero, in Victoria it is 57deg. above zero, and as for every additional Fahrenheit degree of heat the air increases by l-490th of its volume at freezing point, an easy calculation will show that the arctic traveller at the* earth's surface is supplied with breathing air containing certainly 10 per cent, more oxygen in a given volume than is supplied to ourselves. Therefore an abundant source of animal beat is supplied to the inhabitants of the coldest regions of the earth, and we find them provided with food as rich in carbon and hydrogen as their air is.in oxygen. The Esqui maux subsist mainly on fat and uncooked animal food, each as tUe seal, walrus, and when they can get it, the blabber of the whale. We may suppose that their blood differs from ours as rich milk does from poor; that is, so far as regards its combustible elements. How will a person breaching a less dense air be dream stanced ? When we regard the distribution of mankind over the earth's surface, we see that it is greatest in the temperate regions, or in (hose which .experience temperatures between 'the highest and ±ba lowest ; we find, also, the inhabitants pi..these regions •the most energetic and - important- of any on the earth. The ' Atmospheric composition must accord aim with this isupmiority; but It beoomfe* 6f interest to inquire how.ihthe more rarefied parts of the (atmosphere, where thequauritjr of oxygen in any givenvplume of air is much reduced, jaaiq^l^mm bc maintsiQeft. ■ he remembered that, in addition to the operation of heat as increasing any volume of air, and orosogoMiitolcwnnlngitiyeigbtin anygiren volume, a diminution of pressnre causes the tab to expand jmd become lighter, andoou spanefitiy» is w^ the earth's '' iftfjfchair lefcseha.; At .the. SOinches; of: mercury, andfor about every (LOOOleetof ascent neaarthe earth's snrfaoe thcy^dimhiishm ha^an amount eqnal nip' for roan at 'Similar greater;. to^bjaia .. a sufficiency of oxygen for respiratory purpose*. Iu August. 1859. Dr. Frankland iu company with Professor Tyudall made the ascent of Mont Blanc, the former to make experi ments in the rate of burning in such rare atmospheres,the latter devoting himself more especially to observations on solar radiation. Six steadoe candles were burnt for one hour at Chamouni, and the loss carefully esti mated ; the same six candles were taken to' the top of Mont Blanc ■ and burnt' for another hour, on being again weighed on their return, the candles had lost jamas much as they had previously at the base of the mountain, that is to say. that the rate of burn ing had been the same in both experiments. But what is burning in a candle!) It is the union of oxygen with hydrogen mud carbon, bat in the second experiment at thehnmmit of the mountain the amount nf oxygen in a given volume of the surronuding air was less by one half than in the first' experiments. Therefore, only half the quantity -of candle should have been consumed. There was, however, a remarkable difference in the light furnished by the combustion below and that above. " The aspect of the six flames at the summit surprised us both. They seemed the mere ghosts of the flames which the same candles were competent to produce in the valley of Chamonni. Pale, feeble, and sug gesting to us a greatly diminished energy of combustion." But the rate of combustion had been the same; the diminished light being, in fact, due to the more complete penetration of oxygen into the interior of the flames, whereby the carbon particles were nearly at once converted into carbonic acid, and the hydrogen into water. The atoms of oxygen must therefore have -moved with double the velocity at the summit of the mountain, to have done as much work in the same time as doable their number at the bottom. And it proved to be so, and Pro fessor Tyndall states that he subsequently found that by reducing the density of ordinary atmospheric air to one-half, the mobility of its atomB is nearly doubled. We have a right, therefore, to assume that, for breathing purposes as well as for the bnrning of candles, the atoms of oxygen in these upper regions have nearly doable die energy chat they have when more densely packed together, as at the earth's surface; more especially as man has attained, without injurious effects, mnch higher levels of the earth's atmo sphere than the summit *of Mont Btanc, as in Mr. Glaisher's famous balloon ascent; September, 1861 ?In addition, how ever, to* thb *assumed're<Iu(^dri of oiygen, the aeronaut has to withstand the cold of those regions, the effects of which are greatly intensified by the rapidity of (fie balloon's ascent, just as on the earth's surface we experience die cold increase with the velocity 1 of the wind. On the 2nd of September, 1862, Mr. Glaisher gained an elevation of five miles, or about two miles higher than the summit of Mont Blana and np to this elevation had suffered no discomfort, although his com panion, Mr. Coxwell, who had been working the balloon, was suffering some difficulty in breathing. It had taken 46 minutes to travel this distance, which, supposing the balloon to have taken a directly vertical course, would have been at the rate of feet per second, which slightly exceeds the velocity of a moderate wind. When they started the temperature was £9deg. Fahr. At an elevation of little more than a mile they passed through a cloud 1,100ft in thickness. It occupied about four minutes in passing through this cloud, on emerging from which! Mr. Glaisher says, " we came into a flood of light with a beautiful blue sky withont a cloud above as, and a magnificent sea of clond below. At two miles high the ther> mometer stood at freezing point and at the fifth mile it was two degrees. below zero. Here Mr. Glaisher cooled down Regoanlt's hygrometer to 30deg. below zero, and yet no dew was deposited npou the instrument. They were now in a perfectly dry atmosphere. They had on this occasion at least passed beyond the heat-restraining covering of our eartb; and at a quarter of a mile higher^ Mr. Glaisher first showed symp toms indicative of a want of oxygen. He had passed apparently the limits where the mobility of the atoms compensate for their, reduced number. Mow combustion was only'j sufficient to maintain the temperature of his' | body, but not for a continuous set of mus cular acta. What were these symptoms! These axe his words:—" At five miles and a quarter I read the dry bnlb as minus five, degrees; in endeavouring to xead the wet,! bulb I conld not me the column of mercnry. I nibbed my eyes, then took a lens, and also failed. I then tried to read the other in struments, and found I conld not do so, nor' could I see the hands of the watch. I asked 1 Mr. Coxwell to help me, and he said he must §0 into the ring, and he would when he came own. I endeavoured to reach some brandy which was lying on the table at abont the distance of a foot from my hand, and found myself unable to do so. My sight became, I more dim. 1 looked at the barometer, and saw it between 10 and II inches, and tried to' record it; bat I was unable to write. I then saw it at 10 inches, still decreasing fast, and jost noted it in my book; its true I reading was, therefore, about 92 inches, Implviim a height pf about 5i miles,: as the change of an inch in the read ing of the barometer at this elevation I takes place on a change of height of 2,500 feet; I felt I was losing all power, and endeavoured to ronse myself by struggling and shaking. I: attempted to speak, and found I had lost the power. I attempted to look at the barometer, again; my bead fell on one side., I struggled , and gotit rijthtj and it fell on the other, and .. ...— .atheriug),. It became more misty, and finally .'dark and .' Isuhknnconscionslyasinsleep." '"Jj "HowAttdwnovr, elrel thy thread of fire 1 Ah 1 fjUHng lifting ttsuIt to expire 1 ' fe^nu^Hn^liMMWfllKMmheo'er. ■Atlitottoumatthretwilhan etterleftp;11 JSoWrtwUdTsre thy flam* re fertile weep, ..;lj > Faint, ireaming, quivering, pow no. These lines, >a part o( a poem addreasedby* Peter Finder to his midnight candle, not ing appropriately daacribe the straggles feint, > lesseniiig,ncnnrihtrepMheronaht.TBnt the# were not to Ire Anal jttRittalootudonsMien^ tnrne& ^I then heard," condones Mr. Glaiahtr,"Mr. Ooxflrril gay.'What is*he temperature! Take an observation ; aaetr^ ««■'> Dh» J 1 : try. .■ u Bntd cotUd'geitihBrfsee,: nova1 npr. 'speak, ilthenheard himsay more emphati-i an obaOTvation {now■}. do fcKfc instrnme^^Kfc^wa^we^M^tlhav wnim^«learfe,;«d i^nolfojOoxwelL 'IimveiheminMnijlU^'aad^i»pli^5lfoh hav&nnd; Itneady/t Iveooreredqutaklr.uod Mr. JonreHaifi^I At this time, His they) had hedn 1 « ? dmw^UtMla^aad:! increasing rapidly; ttfhad whea Mr. aiai»hor last saw, but was citable to record tt, stood at lOin. How this had oome about u (hot told by Mr. Glaisher Mr. Coxwell told me, that while in the ting he felt it piercingly cold, that hoar frost was all round the balloon, and on attempting to leave the ring he found his hands frozen, and he got down how he conld ; that he found me motionless with a quiet and placid expression of counte nance. He had spoken to me _with out eliciting a reply, and found _ I was insensible. Ho hiu then felt insftHW*1 bility coming over himself, and became anxious to open the valve, but his hands failed him, and Lb seized the dine between his teeth and pulled the valve ppen until the balloon took a,turn downwards. ■» ■ • ; ; In ISM, Hay Lnssac ascended to a height of '23,000 feet, and at this elevation found the air so dry 'fthat paper and parchment crmnpledarif-they had beenpl&ceduear; the fire. The respiration and circulation were accelerated in]oor^i|twnbe of the reat rare* faction of the dir.® U&yTlus;&aC;'s pfflse made 120 pulsations a minute." In a previous ascent-to 5,06*0 feekj with; Ms Biot, there was an increase 'ih'ttfeueat of the palse of from IS to 20 per minute. Mr. Glaisher cni other occasions at 17,000 feet noticed an increase of from 10 to 2d beats per minute, and at 124,000 feet an increase of from 24 to 31 pulses per minute. In his great ascent he took no observations on the pulse, only stating that, not, ,until beyond the fifth mile,ancle vatiou exceed* iug that attained by Gay I^ussac. did tie ex perience any discomfort, and he thus con cludes his memorable letter to The Times of September 10, 1862:—"It would seem from this ascent that five miles from the earth Is very nearly the limit of human existence. It is possible that, as the effect of each high ascent has been dif ferent, that on another occasion I might be able to exist with less air, and bear a grbater degree of cold ; but still,I think that prudence would say to all, whenever the barometer read ing falls as low as llin., open the valveajt once; the increased information to be obtained is not commensurate with the increased risk." We will only add that , in Gay LussacV ascent the barometer stood at 12 6in., showing a lesser elevation than referred to by Mr. Glaisher as being the probable limit of human existence. . ' ' There is, then, in these elevated regions, or where the amount of oxygen is considerably reduced, an effort on the part of man'to ob tain the requisite amount for his combustion purposes; his breathing becomes accelerated, and the pulsations of the blood-vesssts follow. There are not many opportunities for ob serving the condition of men under the (opposite state of the atmosphere; bat It is stated that at a pressure of two atmospheres the pulse becomes slower—10 beats per ; minute; there is increased appetite, and work ■is well done; but a pressure of three atmo (spheres causes great lowering of the pulse^' (headache, mid becomes insupportable. ; The part of the subject to which we have ,now to address ourselves is the means by which, in all the various conditions of sur rounding atmosphere to which we have : referred, the temperature of the body remains 'steadily at 98 6®, or thereabouts. We must .previously impress upon the reader that our . own sensations are no guide whatever to the true temperature fit any object, even your .own body. Thus, if a person suddenly leaves .an atmosphere much below zero, for one just (belowfreezing point, be will feel the latter i not only warm, bnt very warm. Again, if, as ]in Sir Charles Blsgden's experiments, a man's j body be exposed to a higher temperature than ! that of his own blood, he will feel the surface of his body, and even his breath cold, although both breath and body have still the j normal temperature of 98'6°. Lastly, the surfaoe of the body may be, temporarily, ; actually either colder or hotter than the I internal parts and blood ; but this can be only for a very short time. 