SPORTING. By Old Jobrocks' Ghost. So nt Inst the fencing-in of tho Gympio race course is a fact. VVheu first I advocated the advantages -of fonoing-io the coutro this year I must' admit that I never expeotcd-it would be done, considering how late iu tho season it was and o!bo bearing, tn mind tho mnuy expenses that would have to be inettrrod by tho Stewards. Somo few woelts ago tho Rtowardu called for tenders for a two-mil fence, and after ciiruful consideration they determined upon having the work commenced promptly; thuy also made arrangements with tho contractor to hnvo it completed before the races. un uciinesuay last,' air. \v. viynn, auctioneer, offered; tho gate to public competition, but before commencing the sale he informed intending pur chasers thut the Stewards bad fixed the price of admission ' to tho course as follows:— Vehicles, 2«. (Id. ; horsemen, Is.; persons, whethor on foot or in vehicles, 6d. ; he also stated that anyone refusing to comply with the above regulations' or in any wuyevuding them would be liable to n fine of £5 for trespassing, nnd that the purchaser of the gate would bo protected, by tho Stewards. To this I hoard somo demur, but I feol confident that it wns in jest ; for surely there is no one in Gym pio who would refuse to pay 6d; to witness a day's racing. There are a great many here who nevor subscribe ouo single '-penny to the club, and in fact they are never asked to do so simply be cause their means will not allow them ; I there fore trust that the lovers of the turf will show thoir appreciation of the good old sport by coming to tho ' scratch' with their 'tanners,' and there by assisting in a small way to uphold tho institu tion. After a good deal of competition the gate was knocked down for tho very fair price of £56. The total sum realised for gate, booths, &o.;, was £190158. ? ' : , . Iu my last I stated that I would ngnln refer to the injustice Gympie suffered inconsequence of our meeting taking place' immediately after tbo Maryborough ono ; but ronlly my remarks already made seem to bnvo met tho approval of nil, so much so that I feel it unnecessary to re-enter into a mutter over which, we have now no control. Many ways have'.,- been suggested to prevent the circumstance ocourriug nguiu ; the moat, sonsiblo one, to my mind, being to consult our Maryborough friends bofore fixing our dates. This may seem rather strange considering our club Ib the older, but unless we do it thero is not much fear of the Maryborough sportsmen consulting our intertsts. Tho entrances and ^acceptances wore' deolared on Wednesday evening, and a tamer meetitig wns never witnessed. I have' attended a good many such gatherings in Queensland, nml of courso my experienco of them did not lead nie to expect much, but rcnlly I did think of being able to quoto a few bets being made ; however, up to the time of my leaving uot a single bet was booked. I must give some nf our sportsmen tha credit of offering to: lay what I thought rathor ridiculous odds, but upon somo enlightened individual signi fying his intention to accept, ho wus met with tho renponso, ' No you don't, sir ; I'm not on,' or clue it was, ' whut odds did I say 1 15 to 1 ! Oh, I mean't I would take it.' In one instanco n gentleman accepted 4 to 1 against a very good horse; but when booking it ho wrote opposite it, ' with a start.' Of couiso the. bet was declined off. 15 to 1 has sinco since been laid a couple of times ajrainBt Challenger and Grafton for the Maidun Plato and Distriot Plato. Tho entrances on tho whole woro not so bnd ; tho small events filling up the best. For the Maiden Plate we hftvo five entered, but I can see nothing iu the race but Challenger. It is a grant pity that the Stewards did not provido that a penalty should bo.iraposod on the winner of any Maiden Plate after ho waB entered. Challenger hiis won five oho of the six Maiden Plates thut ho has started for in the colony. lie bus boaten Oakwood on several occasions, and the latter in his turn hns defeated Ladybird. Challenger therefore holds these two quite 'safe;' 5lbs. or 7lbs. penalty to him, therefore, would be very.' adviBnblo. For the Miners' Purse wo have four entered, and this, in my opioion, will prove ns exciting ns any. on the card., Noudesoript is looking well, and will make a good race of it ; 1 nnw him taking a ' breather,' and ho certainly goes very strongly. I think tho weight too much for Onnnouball. nnd nftor his runniug at Oxloy Creek, ho is only fit to ' boil down,;' it is timo Jack Dowling's.luck took a turn. Thero is some unpleusnotnosB about tho ontoring of Oannoubnll, but I refrain from com menting on it at presont. Recruit »rill hnvo a fair show for this race, if ho is to be a racehorse at all ; with 8st. up it ought to be almost n certainty for him ; ho receives 2st. from Cnnnonbnll nnd Non descript, nnd 1st. 9lbs. from tho little mare. Lightfoot hns much improved since she ran Inst Christmas, nnd hnB grown into a muscular and powerful maro. Ost. 911)8. is a great weight for' hor to carry, but I believe she is well nble to ' hump' it, but I ennnot boo how sho can be cnlled upon to givo Recruit 1st. 91bs. ; howover, that sho will acquit horsolf well I feol confident. My opinion is that Recruit will will tho race, with Lightfoot close up, nnd it is ' onthe cards' she will beat him. ?. ?; For tho District Pluto only throe nccopted. Premior will go for my mouey, with Grafton second; although, mind, it is possible that tho little horse will turn the tables on him on this course— it not being favourable to Premior. The first day closes with a Hack Race. The second day opens with a Hurdle Rnco of £40. There nro only two horses ontered for this event ; I hnvo from time to time ndvocntod the doing nway with this rnce nltogethor, not because I do not like to soe a good hurdle rnce, but from the fnct of its never filling up well nud never end ing well. Toby iwill find bis match with Clnv in my opinion. Tins horse ran vory fairly at Guyn dab, apparently taking all his jumps well ; but he doos not appear to be possessed of much foot, as he only received third honors. Tho distance was 2 miles over eight hurdles. As he comes hero a perfect stranger, with few friends, I shall name him to land tho 'yellow boys.' The second event is the Hack Hurdle Raco, and it Is quite possible will fill up well. Tho third race is tho Gympio Turf Club Second Annual Handicnp, for which five horses have accepted out of the eight nominated. Wo hnve a good field from which to pick our favourites, but tenlly it seems a rather difficult tusk to spot tho winuor with nuy certainty, Of the five thnt accopt, Grafton und.Chnllnngor nro the only onos thnt havo.to^carry a ponalty. Tho former has won throe or four hnudienps since tho declnrntion of the weights, so that he will have to carry Ost, 2 lbs.; Challenger has won a handicap nt Dnlby, and the Forced Handicap at Maryborough; he nlso will have toenrry tho ponalty of 71bs. which brings his woight up to 8st. 11 lbs. Baron, Zambesi, and Lightfoat, carry the samo weights allotted to thorn by the handicuppers. I believe this will be a rnce worth going to see ; each horso stnnding a fair ohnnco of success; spnnking enndidly, I fancied Zambesi was lot in rather light. Howover, ho is not so well in as to throw tho others out of tho raco, and after his running in Maryborough on the second day I am inclined to lose confidence in him. Grnfton hns to givo him n stone nnd nine pounds; Zambesi gavo ltoynlty 8 lbs. iu the District Plate nt Maryborough, nud ran him n dendhent; cor tainly he wns boaton by tho sumo horso tho second day whon only givuii 4 lbs. On tho second day Grafton gave Royalty n stone and eight pounds, nud ouly just managed to get his bond in front of him opposiu tho Judge's eyo ; nt nil events wo mny expact to sea a good race botween Grafton, and Zambesi. Challenger has to givo Z.imhesi a Btnno and four pounds; tho former would find it quite enough to do to give O.ikwood a.Rtona in a two-rallo race, and an 1 consider Zambesi uever&l; pounds bettor thnn Oakwood, I am inclined to think Challenger's chance is not so good. Light foot Is in very light (not tno much so) and 1 will not be at all surprised to see her to the fore. Biiron will requiro to have improvod to live in this raco. Notwithstanding the load Grafton him to oarry he will go for my money, as ho can both stay the distnnco nnd onrry. iho' weight ; but mind, keep your wonther eyo opoii nbout Zambesi. . ;' . The u'ext event, the Piince of Wales Stakes, filled up well, no Ions than eight' outries lor it. Confederate should wiu this nice, with Slormbird (veil up; iho latter ran very well ut Gaynd.ih, defeating a field of eleven iu a Hack Race; IJtniloB, heats. ..... ,',' '..... :? ? ,...'. I would fjicommerid the Stewards to fill up, without delay, thoBevery nrtstyholus just descend ing the hill before entering tho straight. run homo; the runniug hero is very bad aud may prove dan gerous. Just beforo coining to the holcB iefcrred to there aro about thirty yards of vury sharp gravelly, ground; 30 loads of sand would improve this wondorfuily, and at very little expense 1 know for a fact thut one horse has already suffered from this cause. [The GhoBt's ' tips' aro'for the most part like thoso of the ancient oracles — thoy can't well, go wrong.— Ed. G.T.] ; ..-. 