Extraordinary Story of Lord Brougham. One of the most remarkable stories re- cently told appears in Lord Brougham's autobiography, which has just been issued by Messrs. Blackwood :—"A most remark- able thing happened to me—so remarkable that I must tell the story from the beginning. After I left the High School I went with G— , my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the University. There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects—among others on the im- mortality of the soul, and on a future state. This question, and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but of the dead ap- pearing to the living, were subjects of much speculation ; and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had enter- tained of "the life after death." After we had finished our classes at the college, G— went to India, having got an appointment there in the civil service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him ; moreover his family having little connection with Edin- burgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them, or of him through them, so that the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten his existence. I had taken, as I have said, a warm bath ; and while lying in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had under- gone, I turned round my head, looking to- wards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair sat G—, looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition or whatever it was that had taken the likeness of G—, had disappeared. This vision pro- duced such a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it, even to Stuart ; but the im- pression it made upon me was to vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written down the whole history with the date, December 19, and all the particulats, as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appearance presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt ; yet for years I had had no communication with G—, nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection. Nothing had taken place during our Swedish travels either connected with G— or with India, or with anything relating to him or to any member of his family. I recollected quickly enough our old discussion and the bargain we made. I could not discharge from my mind the im- pression that G— must have died, and that his appearance to me was to be received by me as a proof of a future state." This was on December 19, 1799. In October, 1862, Lord Brougham added as a postscript : —"I have just been copying out from my journal the account of this strange dream. Cortissima mortis imago ! And now to finish the story, begun about sixty years since. Soon after my return to Edinburgh there arrived a letter from India announcing G—'s death, and stating that he had died on December 19!" 