Musical and Dramatic Eeview. "Justice always whirls In ooual measure "-LOVE'S LABOUR'S LOST. VERDI'S " RIGOLETTO" commenced the second season of the Oagli and Pompei Opera Company on Saturday evening, and was repeated on Monday-the weather on the tirât occasion having been so tempestu ous that but a comparatively small audience was present. "Rigoletto" is a favourite with the Sydney public, Mr. Squires and Signor Devoti having both been very successful in their portraiture of the light-hearted Duko, and Mr. Wharton and Signor Bertolini in that of the detestable oourt jester. In the entire list of operas (the lyric drama being noted rather for the sen sationalism than the morale of its subjects), there is not a more repulsive story, or one to which sweeter music is allied. Each of the members of the oompany seems to have some particular opera in whioh they shine to special advantage. Though the part of "Nabuco" appeared to be Signor Ooliva's best rôle, it must give place to his "Rigoletto, which is evidently his chef d'oeuvre. His singing, though rather uneven in quality of tone, and occasion ally displaying too much of the nasal sound, was most expressive, and evidenced care, correctness, and artistic knowledge. His acting was thoroughly drama tic, the changes from his apparently light-hearted reck lessness, and his sneering saroasms pointed at the nobles, to his deep affection and anxiety for his daughter, his denunciation of the nobles who have carried her off, his diabolical scheme of vengeance, and his final horror on discovering the body of Gilda instead of that of the Duke, were each and all pour trayed with the skill of a master. Signor Kosnati, too, Bung tho lovely melodies allotted to the Duke far better than any music he has yet attempted here. His exeoution was exceedingly tasteful, but in singing up to the highest notes of the natural voice and passing to the falsetto, there is an unpleasant break, and two or three notes are consequently out of tune. ' The part of Gilda may rank as the third on the list of Signora Coy's triumphs, after tho Lucia and Amina. Her acting and singing were both admirably in character and in accord. Her opening scene with the duke, her maidenly bashfulness combating with a feeling of affec tion, and the scene in which she recounts to her father her disgraceful treatment, were charmingly delineated. Signor Grandi should have made on old graybeard of Monterone, and, except in comic opera, his voice is not of the most agreeable mellowness. Signor Dondi made a capital bravo, though he has but little to sing ; and Signora Polli acted and sang and looked well as that worthy's sister. There is only a male chorus and they sang better than in any opera hitherto given. The darkness on the stage was in some scenes too great ; and in so heavy a storm, the thin curtains of an open window must have blown about a little. After a short instrumental prelude of dance music, which is continued iu the opening chorus at the feto, Signor Rosnati sang tho pretty and peculiar air ",Questa o quella," very expressively and with con summate skill, subduing his voice, and thus showing its best qualities. The same festive music, accom panied by the gay remarks »nd caperings of Rigoletto, and disturbed by the hoarse denunciations of Count Monterone (who quito disfigured his countenance in uttering them), continues to the end of the scene, or act aB here played. The next contains the most delightful music of the opera, and evidently belongs to the preceding portion which contains so littlo. First we have a duet for Gilda and Rigoletto, commencing with an air for the latter "Deh non parlare" (Speak not of one), which Signor Coliva delivered with great effect, and followed by tho lovely duet "Veglia o donna" (Safely guard this tender blossom), but the voices of the vocalists did not quite blend together in harmony. Another sweet air by Signor Rosnati " E'il sol dell anima" (Love is the sun),-but here tho singer indulged in some little departures from the text, though it was pleasingly given,-and then the delightful duet "Addio," with Signora Coy, so exquisitely íendered I that the singers were called forward in open scene. ' Signora Coy gave tho next air, "Caro nomo" (Dear name)-the gem of the opera, with its short staccato passages and continued shakes on different notes,-in her own peculiarly sweet style, introducing a series of delicate, graceful, and appropriate ornamentations with consummate skill and grace, and taking her voice up to O natural with eas«. Shame at desiring an encore _ for so arduous a task alone prevented a determined demand. The flute, in introduction and in accompaniment to the final passages, was very well played. Signor Rosnati omitted the opening air of tho next act, "Parmi veder leilagrime," and also ono "Possente amor," after the intervening oborus "Scarrendo unito" (As we with glee), containing the motive of the prelude to the opera, and given with spirit. The rest of the scene was in every respect magnificently Bung and acted by Signora Coy and Signor Coliva, who evidently reserved his powers for this portion of the opera. It includes his fino invocation, "Cortigiani, vilrazza dannata," when he appeals to the nobles, and the well-known concert duet commencing with the sweet air for Gilda, " Tutte le feste al tempie" (When at festive timeB to church I went), and ending with the allegro, "Si, vendetta." Of course the oall for the singers was enthusiastic In the last act we had a new and rather graceful ver sion of " La donna e mobile" (whioh has been para phrased into " Fair shines the moon to- night" and it was, of course, encored, notwithstanding that the singer's voice occasionally led him astray ia tho upper regions. IQ the other favourite piece of this mm the quartet " Un di" (One day) introducing the DH W' pretty song to Maddalena »Bellafiglia dell' amorrfi (Sweet daughter of love), though each sang ffi dually well, the voices were not in harmonv Th' final, duet "Lassu in cielo" (In heaven above) bronX the opera to its terrible termination, though with omni» vocal justice. »u»pi9 On Tuesday the repetition of " Nabuco:" on VT?***. day that of the delightful "Matrimonio Segreto"' Thursday-for the first time-" La Favorita," endeared to the Sydney public as the speciality of Squires and Eacott; on Friday, Signora Coy's chef d'ceuvT "Lucia," and I fancy that the people of Australia even those few who can afford to do as they please will for many a year be quite satisfied (and riehtbT too,) with such singers as Signora Coy and artists eaua! to those we have had hpre without wishing to induira in the shamefully-expensive luxury of payine 25a a ticket to hear either a Nillsson or a Patti. The efforts of the management have not, durine tho last few evenings, met with an adequate response from those who should show a good example in support of muBio, notwithstanding the desire to meet all views exhibited in the reduction of prices to the normal theatrical scale. Mr. Tavares haB now been judged by tests that can not fail to decide on tho merits of every candidate for tho prize of public satisfaction-whioh is, after all very tolerably tho real test-and the verdict must be pronounced as very decidedly in his favour. The house has been well filled every evening since the openinc night and first appearance of Mr. Tavares, improving on each occasion, culminatine; in a very crowded auditory on the firBt night of Hamlet. He has appeared in characters of various schools, totally opposed to each other : Sir Harcourt Courtly, Iago Shylock, Richelieu, and lastly in that ordeal for every actor, with or without nerve-Hamlet. However agreeably pleasant his delineation of the foppish old beau whose sole thoughts are his person, his conquests, and his comforts,-however gentlemanly demoniacal and really original his Iago, or dignified and grand his Richelieu, it is by Shakespere's most philosophical creation that Mr. Tavares will be judged, and ho may bo content to let it be so. The result is very satisfac tory ; he has come scatheless from the trial. One great effect of his rendition was remarkable ; every one listened to him to the end, and tho slightest buzz of interruption was hushed down instantly. This is a fair criterion. Mr. Tavares is undoubtedly an accomplished notor of the modem school-an educated and well-read gentle man. His rendition of "Hamlet" was that of a scholar and a Shaksperian student ; it was given without a shadow of rantjfrom beginning to end, except at the legitimate moment, when be shows Laertes that he oan overmatch him in mouthing. There was not the least attempt to make Hamlet a profound philosopher, or, what is worse, a sort of modern drinking, saloon-jocular, prince Hal ; the picture was that of a royal prince, never forgetting his dignity ; eccentric, certainly, but disgusted at the deceitfulness of the world from the examples he sees around him, and the attempts to play on him ; and horrified ab the crimes of those who should be dearest to him. Nor was there any desire to conjure up hidden meanings, or make special points. On the other band, bis " stage business," or by-p'ay, ia very fine, and in some things very original. "What could have been more natural than his utter surprise when he discoveres that it is Polonius he has slain. In pathetic moments he is especially good ; the closet-scene with his mother, and his address to the ghost there (and in the firBt aol), weref very soft and sympathetic, enough to make the royal lady look into the depths of her soul. His farewell to her, too, was very touching ; anxious to he affectionate, and yet restraining himself, being '* cruel to be kind." His conversation with Ophelia, when he suddenly sees Polonius crossing the room steal thily (though he does not look to see if he is concealed behind the curtain, as bas been done before), and his direction to her to " go to a nunnery," were in marked oontrast to the customary rendition,-not shouted out, as usual, but very gentle, and with deep feeling. Mr. Tavares lacks physique, and would perhaps be scarcely suited to characters requiring great display of power; but this is moro than counterralanced by a remarkably good style of elocution ; the inflexion mostly correot, and the enunciation so clear, that, without raising the voice, every word is heard at the farthest limits of the theatre. In the rapidity of speaking, he makes ^occasional 'mispronunciations; nor should we have a judge of " Isreal ;" in caviar, too, Mr. Tavares erroneously places the accent on the second syllablo. In giving an even stylo throughout, he misses some fine readings. Thus, when Hamlet bids the players "Follow that lord; and look you mock him not," it is a direction that they should not forget themselves by treating Polonius in the mocking manner in which he has behaved to the chamberlain before them. Ia the suicide soliloquy the memory of Mr. Tavares failed him for the text. But these are small points of whioh true criticism demands notice, bus whose offects aro scarcely observable in the general excellence of the delineation. Mr. Darrell played the Ghost in the commonly accepted style ; but is there any law whioh compels every actor to adopt the old conventional sepulchral voice. We hear that the ghost appears as he was in life ; we have Hamlet's description of his father ; why, then, will not some innovator be bold enough to give us the voice he most possibly had whilst living. However excellent Mrs. Darrell is in comedy, in such characters ns Lady Gay Spanker or Portin, quite surprising us with her vivacity and pleasing demean our, the character of the fair Ophelia tis rather out ol her sphere ; though the acting was appropriate, the voico was wanting in softness. MÍBS Rosa Cooper (wno has been engaged for a few evenings) rendered full ana fair justice to the part of the Queen, who could not have had-in appearance and acting-a muon better representative. Polonius was tolerably played by mr. Howe, but with a little inclination to bo the court jester, rather than the chamberlain ; he did indeed humour Hamlet to " the top of his bent," mooking him as though ho were a child, or, in reality, a mai man. Mr. Andrews gave a good reading of tne ores grave-digger, with much dry humour, and not, so monotonously as he often speaks. Bliss INems Montague was evidently so intent on uer handsome dress and appearance that BM quite forgot the words of the very mall part, which she has often played before. With Mr. Hollo way in the company why was Mr. Clifford allowed to give so intolerable a representation of, Laertes . were Horatio, Guildenstern, MaiwUu* BemartO, Francisco, or the Player Queen, a whit better . some little attention should be paid (m some cases) to mo Queen's English. ., n_no;nt. The piece was well put on the stage, tho appoint meuts ¿lean and respectable, though perhaps lacking in quantity. One scene that does du» for a room requires fresh painting. The moonlight*T« on-tm platform was exceedingly pretty, and "«¿^¿J Herr Habbe ; but the full moon at the hour nearing the morning was in an almost impossible place, and por tended a threatening storm. "",""* for tho Much has been dona by the management tart comfort of the audience ; but moro lamps in tue £ t orium, and Beveral other things thn.t rest » . measure less with the lessee than the ProP"entoL°^ttt theatre, remains to be accomplished to niaKO should be tho aim of overy place of «rousement. n should be tho aim of overy place ol amuBcmV^QJ^ 