ON THE "WALLABY ;" OR, CHRISTMAS IN AUSTRALIA A YEAR AGO. CHRiSTMAS- spent anywhere and under any circumstances has alwaysbeen to me a merry time. And so it should be for does it not, in the most dis- tant land, carry one's thoughts back to home? Does it not, in the most lonely situation, re- unite us in ima- gination with old familiar friends ? and even in cases of the keenest sor- row, does it not for a few hours turn the sunny side of life tous, and make us forget our trou bles ? Christmas, dear old Christmas ! Let cynics ridicule yoiur old associations as they may-he must be a fool, or some thtng worse, who owns not to your sweet influence-who does nol feel his heart warm with kindlier sympathies towards his felow creatures, on this-the kindliest, best, and brightest of days, that comes but once a year ! The man who has not an open ear and an open heart for its glad tidings, ought to be rung deaf with the chime of .Merry Christmas Bells, or condemned to play at Blind-man's-buff Avith all that is good and pleasant for the remainder of his existence -or to be placed in a pillory made of holly, and pelted with mince pies, and other good things of the season ! There, I've had my say ! As for myself, Old Christmas and I are very good friends. I have known him many years, in many lands, and under many circumstances ; and as he has never been ashamed to own me, even when I have been most " down on my luck," I don't see why I shouldn't say a good word or two on his behalf. Perhaps one of the most peculiar Christmases I ever spent was that of last year-1870. Peculiar, in the first place, be- cause of the very un-Christmas- like weather-for Australia and secondly, because I passed the time in peculiar society, and in a most peculiar situation. At the time of which I speak, fate ordained that I should be " on the wallaby track "-which, for the enlightenment of the uninitiated, I may explain is a colonialism applied to a par- ticular phase of Australian life. Men " on the wallaby " are those who contrive to exist without a settled home, and with little work or none at all. Leading a vagrant kind of life always, apparently, on the look-out for employment, but sel- dom Avishing it might be found, they partake largely of the cha- racter of what is known in England under the general title of " Tramps." They are chiefly to be found in pastoral dis- tricts, where the demand for labour largely increases at certain seasons-such as sheep-washing, shearing-time, &c.-but; when the wool season is over they again turn their steps east, west, north, and south, and travel from station to station, generally arriving about nightfall, a time when hospitality is seldom re- fused, and they are usually supplied with supper, a night's lodging, and breakfast before they resume their way. In the intervals, when stations lie few and far between, or in cases where hospitality is refused (which rarely happens) they unroll their blankets, boil their own pot of tea, and " bush it," with the wide earth for a bed, and the heavens for curtains. They are generally men who are brimful of " Colonial ex- perience," and masters of an endless store of bush yarns-tales of the wild and wonderful," which they love to recount when travelling in pairs, or when chance throws two or three of them together. Such is being " on the wallaby," and, although I was not a regularly trained and thorough-paced member of the body, I was, for the time being, sharing the sweets and bitters of their manner of life. My funds would not admit of my purchasing a horse, or travelling by coach, and a very few diminutive copies in silver of our blessed Majesty's portrait constituted the whole of my treasury. However, my "swag" wasagoodoné. I was well clothed, and my supplies for comforting the inner man were of an ample character, therefore I rather enjoyed my gipsy-like mode of existence. I Avas in the neighbourhood of the SnoAvy River, and jour- neying in the direction of Omeo Plains. The time was Christ- mas Eve, and, in defiance of all colonial precedent, the Aveather had in it a touch of midAvinter. For Aveeks, indeed for months, continuous rains had visited most of the toAvns in NeAv South Wales ; and, although in our part of the country they had not been quite so severe, they Avere sufficient to render it a remark- able season, accompanied as it Avas Avith bitter cold. The Christmas Eve in question had been one of sickly sun- shine, and of gloomy thunder squalls. During the morning heavy masses of cloud rolled along the ranges ; and, lower doAvn, among the dense masses of trees, a great body of vapour hung suspended, like a huge balloon entangled in the tree- tops. The river, AA'here I caught a glimpse of it, Avas running AA-ith a very muddy current, and gave eA'ery indication of being a " banker " before long. I had made good progress in the earlier part of the day being anxious to secure before night, if possible, the double blessing of a roof betAveen me and the anticipated rain, and the light of human faces on Christmas Eve. After my late afternoon meal, taken beside a small creek, and under the Avide- spreading branches of an enormous tree, I lay back on my rolled-up swag, and began to think of Christmas- time and " home." How long my thoughts Avere waking ones, and Avhen the dreams began, I cannot tell, but I knoAV that I had a pleasant vision, in Avhich the kindly magician, Sleep, bridged over the sixteen thousand miles of ocean betAveen me and my kindred, and once more I was enfolded in their arms. All the household adornments of our old home-nay, even the very stains on ceiling and Avainscot, that I had often remarked as a child, came back Avith vivid distinctness. My father, while chiding me for my purposeless and resultless Avanderings, had an affection in his look and manner that time and absence seemed to have increased. The dear girls clung about me, one on each side-half proud, half frightened of their brother's tan- ned and gipsy-like appearance, Avhile my mother, deficient in Avords, but all- sufficient in love, bent over me until her teats fell like gentle Tain upon my forehead, Someho\Ar, in the ful- ness of my joy, I seemed to swoon aAvay- everything and every- body Ava s lost in mist, and Avhen I again opened my eyes rain drops were falling on my face from the lance-like leaves of the gum-tree beneath which I lay, and in my ears sounded the faint echo of a cry. " Coo - - - ee !" It came again, in a long swelling cadence-and when I uplifted myself, to look for the person who uttered it, I became aware of three rough-looking men standing not far distant from me. One came forward to act as spokesman, while the other two whispered together, no doubt making me the subject of their remarks. " On the wallaby, mate ?" questioned the foremost indi vidual, when I was fairly aroused. " Well, something of the kind," I replied, sitting up. " Doing a bit of walking for pleasure, and sent the carriage and servants on ahead, I suppose, eh ?" he grinned. " It's all right, mate. Question is, whether you're ' at home,' to receive company as ain't in full dress-'cause, if so, we stays -if not, we goes on." " Certainly I'm at home, and glad of any companionship on this-of all nights in the year-Christmas eve i" " Christmas eve, is it ?" said my new friend. " Well, who'd a thought it ; and us, I suppose, twenty miles from the nearest plum duff. All right, Ned ! Come along, Markham," he j shouted, waving his hand to his companions, who came for- ward, and soon made themselves "at home." I The tire was speedily rekindled, a "billy" of tea in full prepa- ration, and after this inevitable mode of introduction had been discussed, and four short dingy pipes of peace produced, we felt that all was done that the occasion demanded, and as if we had known each other for years. In answer to my enquiries, I soon found that the " wallaby track " was the regular road in life of my new-found friends, and that every foot of the road I was then travelling was familiar to them. To me it was not so. I had miscalculated the distance to the next station, and found that we should all have to spend the night in the bush. The weather again began to look wild and threatening, and I was lamenting our probable exposure to its discomforts, when Rube Goodwin, the spokes- man and leader of the party, cut me short with an invitation to his " hotel." We humped our swags down to the river bank, and, tracing its course for a few minutes, we commenced the ascent of the range, and half way up came to a cavern of some extent. Hollowed in the side of a gigantic bluff, it could have afforded shelter for our number five times over. The front was protected by a large mass of rock that had tumbled in past ages from the parent cliff, and, looking from behind this, we could see the river far below, and the enormous clumps of gum-trees half shrouded in the gathering showers. A few armfuls of fern provided us with comfortable couches in the farthest recesses of the cave ; and a roaring wood fire, ou Avhich, in honour of the season, we placed a giant root as a Christmas yule log, bade defiance to the night. We filled our respective "billys" from a mountain creek that tumbled among the crevices of the rocks close at hand, and, taking out our salt junk and damper, were as right merry a party as one might wish to join. The meal concluded, we gathered closer round the fire, lis- tening to the increasing roar of the wind among the gloomy forest tops, and to the driving rain that now began to fall in torrents. Pipes, and a tidy flask of rum, added to our enjoy- ment : song after song echoed from out the cave, and then music merged into story-telling, and each began to tell his tale. I noticed that one of the company, while as full of fun as the rest, studiously shirked the rum-bottle. " No. no, mates," he said, on being pressed to join in drinks round, " none of the stuff for me ; and you'll own I'm right when you've heard of what I call MY LAST SPREE. ECEMBEit in the bush may certainly be termed the '1 month'' of sprees," since at this particular period everybody flocks into the up-country towns to ''knock down" his cheque, and have a jollification in hon- or of Christmas and the New Year. " Ah, lads ! we used to have rare fun about this season, es- pecially when we'd done shearing. Many a hundred pound " shout" I've heloed to drink, and though I've joined the teetotal, and took the pledge, I can't readily forget the doings of those bygone days. The reason I left off drinking, as well as the account of some terrible circumstances connected with my last drinking bout. I now purpose to relate. They may seem strange, but you may believe them quite true. After a man has been more than forty years in the country, seen Government service, and gone through his degrees in hardship, such as camping out for four n.onths at a stretch, or being lost for days without food, any one Avould think hë had gained sufficient colonial experience to prevent him from fol- lowing the steps of confirmed lushingtons (as we term all hard drinkers) ; but.so it is. A man only gets hardened in the bush, there's nothing to do but drink, and when he has his twelve months' earnings in his pocket, in the shape of doubtful paper money, I.O.U.'s, or cheques on Sydney banks, he don't set much store upon it, I can tell you. That's how bushmen first think of "knocking down " their savings : besides, there's the temptation of those 'bush inns-mere shanties and decoys for the unwary. Look at Jonas Figg on the Dawson-he made his fortune all out of grog, and bad stuff, too, sold to shearers who, once a year, used to visit his place just to have their regu- lar spree. His house stood near the roadside, and after a feller had travelled all day, and was dead tired, the sign.' of the " Travellers' Rest " at night seemed wel- come enough. No wonder he prospered, and always had a crowd there drinking. I shan't forget my last spree in a hurry, for it happened at that very spot. I and my mates, altogether some twenty, as jolly good fellows as you'd meet, had arrived there in the usual way and at the usual time, none of us with less than a fifty pound note to spend. No wonder old Jonas was in good humor, and occasionally stood " glasses round " for us all. Money went there just like dirt, for everybody seemed trying how soon he could bring his share to an end, when, suddenly, a turn was given to the tide of affairs by the arrival of a wizard and his agent, or " Sprightly," who, in placards long, and voices loud, set forth the nature of their en- tertainment, which was to take place that very evening for our amusement and their benefit. An old woolshed was placed at the service of the conjuror and his assistant, who shortly after proceeded thither to fix up and prepare for a per- fect display of the Black Art. The programme was divided into three parts-legerdemain, music,, and electro- biology, the latter feature of the en- tertainment being accompanied by experiments with a galvanic battery. Of course the Show would be worth seeing, and every one would go and pay his half-crown entrance fee like a mnn. It wasn't every day we bush yokels could see a real live wizard, and besides, we were only knocking down our cheques, and fit for any fun. . Never, perhaps, had the old woolshed looked so well as on that eventful occasion, under the hands of Professor Black, the necromancer. Never "had crowd been so perfectly astonished at the rapid manner in which shillings and cards were made to change place ; never was such satisfaction shown at the close of an entertainment, or so unbounded the applause of the audience. These matters I pass over-suffice it to say, an offer was made to the wizard of an engagement to amuse our party during their stay at the inn. Ah! verily he was a most wonderful man ! Under his hands, aided by electro-biology, many of us became drunk or sober at will, stood on our heads, dancéd, sang, and spouted nonsense equal to the most talented statesmen of the age. Water assumed the taste of wine, and wine seemed to change to milk, beer, vinegar, and brandy ; bread tasted like cheese, butter like sawdust, and shavings creating great merri- ment by their strange changes. No wonder the fun grew fast and furious at Jonas Figg's inn, and after all the tricks had been performed innumerable times, and Sprightly's repertoire of songs, like the inexhaustible bottle, had become exhausted, new schemes were set afoot to invent something " fresh." Christ- mas eve had arrived-this was no time to stand still, especially when there was yet a few hundred pounds in the hands of the publican. Carried away by the madness of intoxication, it was proposed by the heads of our party that we should cool our burning foreheads in a " champagne bath," each one to have the pleasurable sensation of bathing his feet in the precious cor- dial. No sooner thought of than preparations were made to carry it into effect, and accordingly the landlord's largest tub was called into requisition for the purpose. Fancy champagne at ten shillings a bottle, and six bottles to a gallon, poured out to waste, for it would be only waste after we had bathed our feet in it. Some sixty bottles were emptied. The tub being filled, the interesting operation took place. Shouts of delight rent the air from the maniacs engaged in this sport, as, forming a ring, they danced about each half intoxicated sot who had " bathed in champagne." Half the ceremony was over when a somewhat ludicrous circumstance brought it to a close. Professor Black and assistant had got drunk early in the day ; in fact, getting too much liquor seemed to form part and parcel of their daily performance. Sprightly was quietly sleeping on an old rug in the woolshed, keeping guard ov r the goods and chattels of the " troupe," while the Professor himself lay at a little distance, like an Eastern prince, calmly surveying the scene enacting in his vicinity. Presently he was perceived by the crowd and dragged forward to the tub. ". Oh, here's a lark ! " said one, " let the wizard join us." ,c Yes ! yes ! " echoed omnes. " Room for the Professor ! " and room was made accordingly, while four powerful arms dragged rather than led the half- intoxicated individual to the tub. " Now you must get in," said one. " Never mind your boots," suggested another, "bathe your feet with your boots on, that'll be a novelty for you, mate ! " " That's a good idea," said a brawny shearer stepping for- ward, " and the Professor will lecture for us and do the three card trick. Come, hold up and spout, can't yer ? you've got logic enough for a college, I know. Qlvè us spokeshave with the chill off, and-Hullo ! I say, you're drunk and can't hold up ! Why, Pro-fes-sor, you're going," and sure enough going he was, as, unable to maintain his equilibrium, he fell back- ward into the tub. What laughter, what jibes, what jokes were cracked at his expense then. I'm all right," he could just utter. " All right ! " echoed the crowd, " then give us a lecture on phrenology and the bumps." "I vote for electricity," shouted a stockingless six-foot spe- cimen of humanity, coming forward. " See, I've got his machine what he lectures with; I just brought it from the woolshed." Perhaps it might have been brought into use but for the appearance of Sprightly, who had only just got sober and missed the galvanic battery. " You'll spoil it," said he to the fellow who had hold of it. " Man, you'll ruin the concern ; you're too rough with it." And, sure enough, the battery seemed likely to be pulled to pieces by the crowd, who insisted on " experiments," with Sprightly to show them. The instrument was yielded to that individual on his promise to do all that the crowd wished. The stump of a tree served as resting place for the battery, and ranging his importunate audi- tors in a line, he proceeded to give them the usual "shocks." The whole assembly were moved at once, the vital spark passed from hand to hand when joined, and all declared it was " really , wonderful." The wizard sat in the champagne-tub, regarding, with an idiotic stare, the strange proceedings, but unable to move hand or foot to stay them. " I'm all right," said he ; " what's the odds while you're happy !" Sprightly Btill experimented on certain individuals from the group-some held the handles of the machine while the shocks were given till they winced under the infliction, and declared it was " too strong." One big fellow, however, declared it couldn't be too strong for him-he feared nothing. Pooh! these fellows were cowards to shrink before a thing like that. He stepped forward and grasped both handles, as Sprightly " put on the steam " of the little instrument. «' Stop, stop," said he, " that'll do ; I've had-had enough." " No, you ain't," said Sprightly, as he increased the power to its highest pitch. " Stop ?-stop '.-for Heav-en's sake ! " shrieked the unfor- tunate man ; and, accordingly, the machine relaxed its power, -but too late !-Ned, the shearer, was black in the face-it was all over, and he fell back in the arms of his comrades dead ! The affrighted drunkards, vowing vengeance, surrounded the careless individual who had caused the mischief, and cries of " lynch him ! hang him ! " echoed far and near-only a few of the nobler spirits kept the more reckless at bay, or his life must have been forfeited. It was a melancholy Christmas-day to us, for we buried poor Ned next ¿morning hythe creek side, under the shade of the .gum trees. No inquest was held, but his death was to most of us a warning by which, I trust, we have profited. The wizard and his worthless companion still wander through the country " doing their tricks," and picking up a livelihood at the expense of the credulous. They will not speedily forget the horsewhipping they got at parting at Jonas Figg's inn, nor will the circumstances of my last spree be easily obliterated from memory. I am a teetotaller now. There was a short silence as the speaker finished, and then the leader of my newly-made acquaintances said, as he inverted the spirit-flask, and drained out about three drops, " Well, drinking's a cuss to individuals and to the country ! But talk- ing of 4 sperrits,' what do you say to a ghost-yarn ? " "By all means," I cried. " Ghosts and Christmas-stories have gone hand in hand from time immemorial. Nothing .»could be better." Thus encouraged, our friend began what he called A GHOST STORY WITH A VENGEANCE. WENTY years ago-I was knock- ing about at the Bellinger, and it was in the neighbourhood of that river that I took part in the ad- venture I'm going to relate. It's a ghost story, mates, which will make it all the more suitable for Christmas Eve, though there ain't many people as believe in ghosts now-a-days. Many years, eight or ten, before I camped down in that quarter, there were not many white people in the back parts, or heads of the sea creek, other than cedar saw- yers ; and, you may believe me, mates, there are few rougher oc- cupations one could name than that of a cedar sawyer in them -days. They were generally convicts who had become free by -serving their time, or getting their "ticket," and when they went off to the brushes in pairs they hardly saw another white face from year's end to year's end. Always on the move in search of fresh cedar, they never thought it worth while to put up a more substantial house than a few sheets of bark, piled up black fellow's " wurley " fashion. But when settling day comes round, and the logs which have been tum- bled into- the river and floated down to its mouth, have to be paid for, a pretty scene follows, you may take your oath. A cask of rum with the head staved in, and the contents passed round in buckets, was nothing uncommon in them days-and then, what with the yelling and screeching of the blacks, who always slink round to get a taste of " bull," the place is like the abode of demons. Some half score years before I had gone to the Bellinger, a horrible outrage had been committed by the blacks, on account of one of these drink- ing bouts. Two of the sawyers had gone up towards the sources of the river, to cut cedar after the " spree," and, one night, when they had fairly got to work again, a whole tribe of natives came down upon them, and speared them in their sleep—it was supposed, because some injuries had been received by the blacks while the drinking match was in full swing. It was some weeks before the murder was found out, as the men were working in a lonely unfrequented spot—but when a searching party did come upon the bodies, one was found to have no less than fifty spear wounds, beside the head being battered with waddies. The natives, from some superstitious fear, had left all the effects behind—and there was the saw, still sticking in a half-cut cedar log, that was skidded over a rough pit, for the purpose of being squared. Mates, when I saw the spot, eight or ten years afterwards, it was gloomy and desolate-looking enough, I can tell you! Soon after the affair first happened, some sawyers had walked off with the .saw, as a useful article^-but there was the log, all covered with moss and " punk," and fairly rotting away piece-meal. The supports over the pit were worse still, for they wem't cedar. Ferns of every variety were almost burying the whole concern, and, all round, the undergrowth had sprung up, and for med respectable trees. Just imagine this melancholy ruin, a wild and solitary brush, where the trees were so thick and so matted with vine and creeper, that the forest seemed full of ropes, hanging from above, like bell pulls in a cathedral tower. Everybody gave the place a wide berth. 'Cause why ?---the spot was haunted !-yes, reg'larly and unmistakeably haunted ! People would go five miles out of their way at night to avoid . it-yes. I've seen great hulking fellows, six feet in their -stockings, who could almost knock down a bullock with their fists, and who were afraid of nothing in thc- shape of a human being, who wouldn't go down alone to the haunted pit for a year's wages. The very few who had chanced to be in its .neighbourhood, said the doings there were horrible-the whole place lighted up with a blue ghastly flame-two thin trans- parent figures sawing away, as if for life and death, and the ? cross- cut going up and down-up and down - always cut- ting, and yet never going an inch further through the log ! Our station, where I was employed as stockman, lay aboul two miles from the place, and, at the time I speak of, there was a Sydney man up visiting the "boss,"-and very swed he was on the "boss's" daughter. I used to see them ofter enough together, and could tell pretty well " how the cai jumped." The gal had a pretty strong liking for him, bul somehow, because he was a remarkably quiet, gentlemanly fellow, all unlike the riding, roaring, harum- scarum chaps abom us. Somebody persuaded her that he was rather a cur, or a¡ they expressed it-destitute of animal courage ! Well, on thf .Christmas pve, when they had a regular jollification at th< " home station,"-the big wool- shed for a ball-room, and al the people present for miles round, she made up her mind to se< what his courage was worth. So she pretended that sh< ? wanted some particular flowers that only grew in the Hauntec Saw Pit Glen. Of course, as any cove of spirit would, he offered to ge them for her at once, although he was no stranger to th< story of the murdered sawyers. I overheard her asking him and, as I admired the young fellow's pluck, I determined tha no harm should come to him if I could prevent it. So, ii five minutes, I was cantering after him, on a mare so light footed that she hardly snapped a stick under her, and with ¡ first-class revolver in my belt. I kept just behind young Mr Hazlecroft, and, after a twenty minutes' easy ride, he got ti the place, hitched his horse to a wattle tree, and began crash ing through the underbrush, towards the very pit itself when, suddenly, the whole gully lighted up with a blue, un earthly glare, and, as the dim reflection shone on the gnarlei gum trees, their white trunks and branches seemed twiste« into a hundred queer shapes. And there stood a pale figur on the old crumbling.log, with the saw rising and fallinj with a harsh grating 6ound, while here and there a huge ba . or flying fox swung itself across the glare, and the forest wa filled with unearthly howls, but whether of dingoes, or some ?thing more unearthly, I couldn't say. I'm not ashamed to say, that the cold sweat ran off me, as if I had been standing under a dripping rock, and my hair seemed stiffening into wire - when something brought the blood back to my heart, and made a man of me in an instant. Mr. Hazlecroft had gone on, quite undismayed, up to the log, I scratched and torn with the briers, when the ghostly sawyer ! dropped the saw from his hands, and rushed at him. At the same minute another ghost ran from under the log, and with frightful oaths they fastened like bull dogs on the unfortunate young man. He had only a riding whip, and such a struggle I never wish to witness again. In a minute I made one of the paTty. Just as young Hazlecroft was being throttled to death, a ball from my revolver splintered the arm that held him, and frightened the other fellow so that he made off by ways that he knew better than we did, and that was the last we saw of him. We took the flowers and our prisoner back to the station, and there he turned out to be a notorious ruffian who had broken gaol ever so many times, and had taken to the trade of «' sticking up," with another scoundrel, " Lumpey Joe." They had made the old saw pit their favourite haunt, and when we examined it we found a snug hut in the thick under- growth-full of the necessaries, and some of the luxuries of life. Knowing the story connected with the place, they played " ghost" whenever any one was heard in "the vicinity, an easy matter by the aid of a little blue fire and the superstitious terror of the people about, and so led, for a time, secure and comfort I able Uves. Our prisoner got " Darlinghurst for life," and young Hazlecroft soon after married the young lady who had tried his courage by such a dangerous experiment. As I came next in rotation, as we sat round the fire, I offered to relate a story recalled to mind by my opportune meeting with my companion that afternoon. In order to give it a name I christened it THE DESERTED HUT. USED atone timetolikebeing alone when on my travels, but all such desire is past now. One terrible adventure, in which I was chief actor some three Christmases ago, makes me prefer society in my journeyings, and it is that strange story which I am now going to relate. When first I landed here, like most new chums burthened with too much learning, there was little for me to do in the shape of clerkship, nor was there any opening where money might be made in the legal profession, so that, after delivering or posting letters of introduction, finding my cash getting short, and registry offices unable to do me any good, I put my pride in my pocket, invested my surplus cash in blue shirt and moleskins, and took the nearest way to the bush. Long, indeed, was the journey, tedious, too, the way, ere I reached employment. The roads seemed never ending, and destitution glimmered ahead ere I heard the welcome sentence, "Engaged for twelve months." Men were plentiful enough, then, everywhere-old hands, who could do anything and everything, were to be met with daily; men whose qualifications consisted of the art of driving a dray, shearing a sheep, or manufacturing a doughboy ; men who could ride a buck-jumper, jump he ever so high, and were well up in branding, mustering,.or breaking in. Contrast my chances of success with such individuals. . I, a new chum-the im- ported raw material, used to nothing save quill-driving, striving to compete with bull-punchers, who bad taken their colonial experience degree in Macquarie's or Darling's time. No won- der squatters refused my services. Shepherding was my first occupation, and a nice time of it I had with my several flocks of ewes, lambs, and hoggets-quiet animals, who asked nothing more than permission to crop the ever green herbage from the gulleys, or take a run over the burnt feed on the mountain sides. My engagement soon terminated, twelve months at an out-station in New England had ended satisfactorily. No sheep lost, no ravages from native dogs to deduct from my account on settling day. No " boxing " feat to render me a mark of scorn among my fellows. Everything had gone right. I had done well-my 10, 10, 2\ had been faithfully carried ; so said the master as, reviewing the past, he appointed me to the honour- able post of overseer. Of course there was plenty to do-who ever heard of a working overseer being idle, or a working any- body else either ? Rising early, and going to hedíate, making, mending, constructing, and inventing all sorts of new things for one's universal benefit; counting sheep, setting poison for din- goes, carrying rations, and finding new spots for out-stations, together with a host of other accomplishments, of which I can- not now think, took up my time. It was really too much to expect one pair of hands to do all this work, and that for a small salary ; so that, six months after my appointment, one day, much to the chagrin of my employer, I gave notice and left. Once more I was on the road, not, however, on foot this time, but mounted on a really useful nag, and leading a young colt I had purchased to carry all my worldly effects in the shape of a swag. There were not many farewells to take ere departure, for the squatter, two old cripples, and the cook, a native of Hibernia, were all hands at the homestead. A few blacks camped on the creek adjacent to the station, laughed and chattered as I passed them on the scarcely perceptible track left by the drays, which only thrice a year brought pro- duce, or took away the wool and hides which had accumulated in their absence. The route, and my first stage, led to a shep- herd's hut some twelve miles off, where, after being hospitably entertained by its solitary occupant, he next morning conducted me to what he designated a " short cut across the country," which he deemed would save about eight miles travelling. Desirous of sparing my horses all needless fatigue, I listened attentively to his directions relative to mountains, gulleys, and creeks, and left him, perfectly convinced that there was no pos- sibility of going astray. But losing oneself, is, in the Austra- lian Bush, a very easy matter ; there is so much sameness in the whole surface of nature, especially to the eyes of a "lost individual," that he does not readily perceive landmarks need- ful to find the right path. Cattle tracks line the sides of moun- tains, and branch in all directions, leading mostly to favourite, camping grounds or water holes, in obscure and remote gulches, paths which, if followed, leave the wanderer in intricate gul- leys or jungles, whence there seems no escape. Some such posi- tion soon was mine. A few miles bore the appearance of cart wheels, but these gradually disappeared, and as the shades of evening drew on I was compelled to confess myself lost, and that in a locality of which I had not the slightest conception. Trees of the most magnificent foliage lined the path, ferns of gigantic structure barred the way, while the vines and under- growth of the densest description appeared inclined to dispute every inch of progress. Still, I was not to be deterred by such obstacles-hope yet asserted its supremacy, and I resolved to go on at all fisk and endeavour to reach the road ere the last rays of the setting sun should compel me tn take up my abode at least for that night in this solitude. Night came on fast, and yet the road evidently lay far off; my nags looked jaded, and I felt wearied and unnerved. Should I never reach that highway ? It was now quite time it appeared in sight. Patience and Perseverance evidently here were needed. I dismounted, removed my saddle and swag, and hobbled and turned out my horses, who, in the beaven of delicacies presented to their - tastes in the shape of luxuriant grass, found everything to induce contentment, as the clank of their hobble chains pro- claimed, while they steadily cropped the herbage adjacent to the camp. A fire was easily produced-leaves, stringy bark, and sticks by the side of an old log, touched by a match, soon sprang to flame, and the pot of tea boiled thereby I found won- derfully grateful and invigorating. A small piece of damper, remains of my morning meal, served to satisfy the cfavings of hunger. This done, I sat down to think over my position, to consult with myself the best method of escape from an awk- ward strait. What, you will say, only one night out, and shewing such terror about the matter. Look at hundreds of even women and children who have been placed in just such a fix for days, and have escaped ! True, very true, but hunger and thirst are hard to bear. The former is most to be feared at present, for water here is plentiful, as evinced in those small cool streams, which run steadily along my very route, where, probably in days gone by, some winter torrent has thundered, lt is not good to think too much of any one thing-to brood over misfortunes till one becomes melancholy, simply because it does no good, and merely weakens the hope which sustains the soul in the darkest hour of trial. To forget my cares in repose was therefore my plan ; and, accordingly, having made up a tolerably comfortable couch with saddle cloths and blan- kets, a saddle for my pillow, I fell asleep. The night was fine and starlit, the canopy of heaven exposed its gorgeous pano- rama of gems. All was glorious above-serene and beautiful ; but on earth the thickly-clustered trees waved melancholy dirges to the god of storms. It was easy to slumber under such influences-no wonder that I slept well. Probably two hours had passed, when I was awakened by a long and loud " Coo-ee," which appeared to come from the neighbouring gulleys. The sound was echoed on all sides by the cavernous mountains, and to me, at that midnight hour, seemed something weird and strange. " Coo-ee !" it was thrice repeated, and yet I answered not-till, ashamed of my fears, and in the hope that the indi- vidual lost might prove some pioneer to guide my steps out of the difficult, way into which they had fallen, I replied. A few I minutes after, a man carrying a swag, and clad in the usual I shepherd dress of blue shirt and moleskins, appeared at my fire. The wind had kept the wood in a blaze, so that I was enabled at first sight to comprehend the being before me. He was a strong-built man, of short stature, with a dull sottish countenance, which just now seemed to Avear a peculiar ill favoured expression. Was I to hail his arrival as an omen of good or evil ? The stranger Avas, as he told me, a sawyer em- ployed at a neighbouring station, and had missed the track in going to the tOAvn to spend his cheque. Was I bound there ? Had I done Avell at my last place? and Avould I join him in a spree ? There Avould be. such fun on .Christmas Eve at Goodman's inn. All the Macintyre shearers Avould be there ; added to that, he kneAv the short cut to the town, having Avorked timber there long ago. Replying to his queries, I stated I was going to town, had lost my Avay,' my Avay, and Avanted a guide, but earnestly protested against a "spree," as neither conducive to health of body or pocket. "Confound it, man !" said he, "you're a miser, a preacher agin common sense. Can't you see, good liquor Avas sent for man's use, and Avhere's the use of earning if a feller can't spend it. I allers does: shouts for all hands, like a man. Still, never mind, if you don't intend going in AArith your cheque, Ave needn't be bad friends ; we'll go to town together, and if you Avant a hand to help you to spend it when I've spent mine, I don't mind chumming in. I'm no nigger, you see. I earns my dumps like a hoss, and spends 'em like a-nass." What unparalleled generosity, to be sure. What kindness displayed, tooj in the proffer of assistance to spend one's hard earnings. But, stifling my indignation, I ventured to give ear to the Avords of, as he himself expressed it, " the best feller in the Avorld." I. had often heard of Goodman's inn and the jovial souls who met there after shearing time, but I could not afford to squander my hard cash with them. However, to avoid suspicion, I pretended to coincide in all my companion said, and agreed to accept his pilotage to B-. At daybreak Ave started, " Bill," as he called himself, taking the lead. Once out of the jungle, and on clear ground, travelling Avas com- paratively easy, and we made good progress, reaching the road- side about mid-day. " Yon's abut," said Bill, and sure enough a hut it was, some tAvo hundred yards off, Avith its bough-yard near. We reached the door and looked in ; the empty and lonely look of the place gave evidences of its having been long deserted. "Twenty mile from B-," said my companion. " We ought to make it to night. Take a spell noAv, make a pot o' tea, and'then start. Let the nags graze while we fill our quarts at the hole, back of the hut." The Avell Avas near the deserted habitation ; it looked deep, and there was neither bucket or rope to draw Avith ; however, necessity is the mother of invention, and some saddle straps and stirrup leathers joined together and attached to my " billy" succeeded, in Bill's hands, in procuring sufficient Avater for himself. Another quart was requisite. I knelt on the brink, and alloAved the can to go doAvn as far as my model rope would reach. Strange to say, it did not touch the Avater. I leant fonvard, the can Avas just filling, Avhen, lo, a powerful hand grasped my legs, I felt my- self pushed violently, and falling-falling-whither I knew not -till I found myself, like Truth, at the bottom of the well. Luckily, in my perilous descent, I had turned over and alighted in water and mud almost uninjured. Sensible of my great danger, it took but a few moments ere I recovered full pos- session of my faculties, and, looking up, observed the villainous visage of my companion, peering over the ledge above. Forty feet of a wall impossible for me to scale Avere betAveen us, else I felt myself sufficiently strong to cope Avith. my would-be as- sassin. " Good bye !" said he. '« Good bye !" Ah, he Avas going to leave me here, like a mouse in a trap-a prisoner in something Avorse than a dungeon. Better to have been consigned to the Bastile than this. I raised my voice, shouted, petitioned, and shrieked in vain ; there Avas no pity in him Avho Avas deaf to my prayers. Plunder was evidently his motive, and he had selected this most out of the way spot as one least likely to yield evidences of his crime. Here no one Avas likely to seek me. Oh, that I could escape ! I gnashed my teeth with agony, and looked up hopelessly from the few feet of water in which°I was standing, as I thought how terrible was the snare into which I had fallen. Forty feet of earth betAveen me and the surface. There the sun shone bright on aU things. It was a pleasant day, fraught with beauty and clear skies. How different it seemed to me in that horrid pit, Avith no prospect in view save a lingering death from starvation. What gloom shrouded my vision, and dulled my mind. Oh, that relief Avould come. I tried to pray, but the SRcred Avords had been so long strangers to my lips, that noAv they came forth indistinct and SIOAV. Frantically I clutched the muddy side of my prison-the air was foetid and oppressive -faintness came over me, and 1 swooned aAvay. * * * * * * Five days in that dreadful place. HOAV they fled I know not; the sixth, hoAvever, Avas the date of my deliverance. A party of stockmen, going to spend their new year's gift, passed, and luckily camped at the old station. The Avell was visited, and I Avas saved. I pass over my restoration to health ; it Avas but SIOAV, for the recollection of the peril of that eventful occa- sion could not be speedily obliterated, and even, at this remote date, visits my dreams. The AA'ould-be murderer's purpose had failed, 'tis true, but mv horses and sAvag Avere appropriated by ( Continued on page 214.) . THE DESERTED HUT.-(Continued from page 211.) him, and with, this booty, notwithstanding the vigilance of the New South Wales police, he succeeded in getting clear off. They tell me he is to be met with in the Terrara country, but as my wanderings may never reach that far my bitter wrongs and sufferings are not likely, at present, to be avenged. "Wa-al, neow, I guess, the skunk would'nt have 'scaped ME, in that a'ar way !"-put in the fourth of our party-a slim-looking indi- vidual, with an ugly scar seaming one cheek : and in proof of his assertion he went on to tell us what he styled : A DIGGER'S STORY. I AM an American-Illinois I come from ; but I hev been knockin' abeout the world since I wus nine or ten year old, so that I'm kinder citizen of the world. I've seen rough times, I hev, more nor smooth times ; and, lookin' over some o' these in my mind, I conclude to tell yer heow I got this hyar scrape in my face (touching, as he spoke, a great scar on his left cheek.) It's abeout fourteen year ago since I was up to Sonora, in California. I hed a claim thar, in share with a chap called Dutch Bill, a great hulkin', lazy, stoopid kind of feller, but good enough at heart, as most o' them big chaps are. Wall, we worked this claim-it was known as Branch Reach-to- gether ; gettin' on pretty well for the most part, but sometimes nevin' a bit of a turn up consarnin' Bill's darned lazy ways. We got gold, too, we did, more nor most, abeout thar, and you may be sure we had to keep our eyes open lest our claim should be cottoned to by some of the darned loafers as ate always humbuggin' abeout them places, on the look eout for a scare. There was one chap special-two, in fact-as we hed to watch close-sneakin', smooth-tongued slabs, from Connecticut, as we knew wall, were doin' their best to jump a good claim, some heow, or any heow. The way one of these chaps, Zekeel Hubbard he was called, used to crawl abeout our place, fust put me up to his game, but I never theout the feller was Worse nor a loafer, as I found out he was : witness this hyar mark on my cheek, . him. Zekiel, he used to crawl abeout when me and Bill was bevin' a turn up, neow and then, consarnin' Bill's lazy ways ; and the darned skunk used to make shew of mediatin' atwixt us, generally takin' Bill's part, tho', agin me. So, one day, I got riled with him, end I put my fist in his meouth and knocked him over. Consarn the skunk, I ken see the evil look in his face yet, though he's past mischief neow, and it's ever so long ago since he did me harm. And when I knocks him over, Bill laughs, and we shakes hands, for Bill was a good feller, though awful fond of " Spell, oh," on a hot day. Poor ohi Bill. It was abeout ten days after this hyar matter with Zekial, that Bill concluded-it was Sunday-to go deown to a kinder vil- lage abeout ten miles away, called Cassanta. It was a place full of whisky shops, end half breeds, and Mexicans ; and Bill was soft on a little Meztizo gal as they called " Cochita," whose dad kept a shanty thar. So off he goes on the Sunday morning on a mule-I goin' as far as Sugar Wood, a kinder forest on a range atwixt Cassanta and Branch Reach, and thar I bid him good bye. lie set off at a canter, and I walked slowly back home, thinkin' of the claim and such like matters, but never dreamin' of what foul work was a goin' on. When I got to my cabin, I concluded that I'd polish up my six shooters, but I could only.find one, and I reckoned that Bill had taken the other in mistake, for thar were his pair on the shelf above his bunk. So I rub- bed up the one he'd left, as I thought, and began to read the Sonora Sentinel, a paper as was prented up that way. I was just a dozin' over the bunkum as was in this paper when a chap pops his head into the door- way, and asks if Bill was to home. I jumped up and see that it was Zekiel, lookin' kinder pale and flustered like. He was quite civil when he see me, and held eout his hand, and says he, " Don't let us be unfriendly, mate. I'm sorry I troubled ye ; let us make it up." So, as I was never a man to bear malice, I shakes hands and asks him in. " Whar's Bill," says he, agin. " Gone 'way to Cassanta," says I, <f sweet heartin'." When I says this, darn'd if the feller didn't lean back on the stool he was settin' on, and laugh like a hyena. " Sweetheartin'," says he, " wall, neow, who a thot it," and he laffs agin. " Heow long Has he been gone," says he, presently. * I told him : abeout five hours. '« Through Sugar Bush ?" says he. " Of course," I says-and I was setting riled-" Why d'ye ask ?" " Oh, nothin'," he says ; and sniggers agin. Then he says he must be goin,' and I didn't press him to stay, you may be sure. Wall, when the skunk hed gone, I turns to at the paper ngin, and was just a dozin' off, when 1 hears vices outside ; and pre ; sently, the door was opened, and in came four chaps-one bein' the sheriff. " Jem Lyons," says he, " you're my pri- soner. " "Hullo," I says, " What's this abeout?" " I arrest you," he says, " on a warrant of j the State, for murder." "Murder," I cried-" Neow, don't," says I, "don't make fun of a chap,"-for, murder's a word, boys, that allers kind pr scared me. However, I found it warn't no joke, and when I found that the murdered man was no other than my poor mate, Dutch Bill, I kinder got stoopid like, and didn't know what to say or do. So they fixes me up with a cow-hide tackle, and walks me off to the jail, which was a slab hut, belongiu' to the sheriff, and thar they locks me up. Wall, I sot down on the stool they gave me, and tried to collect my thoughts abeout me. It seemed amost like a dream. It wasn't yet four o'clock in the afternoon, and it seemed just ne'ow I'd parted with Bill on the edge of the sugar bush. And byar, I was charged with his murder. I tell you, I couldn't make it eout, noheow ; and I was right glad when the keeper came in to take me afore the judge and the sheriff, consarnin' the matter,-for they don't wait long deown them parts; but, Sunday or no Sunday, try up a feller at onct. Wall, I goes into the sheriff's room, and I found it pretty wall full o' chaps ; and when they see me they all begun to cuss and roar at me, as though they'd kinder made up their minds that I was the murderer, and wouldn't have it otherwise, no heow. The charge was read over to me, and I told 'em I wasn't guilty ; and then, I'm darn'd if they didn't call Zekial Hubbard as witness - Sakes, if you'd seen the catamount git on the stand, and take his Bible oath to the greatest lie a man ever told. For, says he, " I saw the prisoner a walkin' alongside o' Dutch Bill, who was on a mule ; and they went through Sugèr Wood, and I lost sight on em ; and presently I hears a shot, and I see the prisoner runnin' eout of the wood, as if he was kinder scared. So, thinkin' suthin M'as wrong, I goes along the track, aid thar I found Dutch Bill stretched across the road -dead. Alongside the body, I picked up this." With that, he handed eout my revolver, that I thought Bill had taken with him ; and when he did this, for chaps know fire-arms on them diggins amost as well as faces, there was another great roar, and more cussin' of me. End I concluded I was in a difficulty. Wall, agin all this, what could I say ? I could only swar that it was all a darned lie ; but that didn't do, noheow ; end I was walked back to the strong room, As I passed eout, guarded by five or six chaps, for the boys was kinder nasty, I catches a sight of Zekial ; end if ever I see a devil's face- triumphant-like over his wickedness -it was his'n. He was smüin' and noddin' to me, as much as to say, " Mister, we're quits." Thinks I, if I ever hev the luck to get ciar, I'll make a hole in your carcase as'll let the wind eout. Howsoever, I never thought that I should get ciar, for I knew enough of the rough and ready way of settling matters way up thar, to make sure that they wouldn't give me much breathin' time. End, sure enough, they didn't. Abeout nine o'clock that night, I was settin,' trying to find a hole in the mys- tery, when I hears a row eoutside ; then I heard a bus tin' sound, as if a door had been knocked in ; and presently, the door of my room was opened. "Jem Lyons," says a voice as I knew to belong to as good a feller as ever stepped : "hurry up, my man; the boys has come for you." I said I was ready, and walked eout. There was a cart eoutside the door, and the boys puts me inside, and some on em get tin' in with me, some walkin' alongside, I was marched off to the Big Pine-a tree as they hung chaps on up thar. Someheow, I didn't fright none-I think, because I was innercent ; and when they fetches up at the pine, I was quite ready to be fixed up. " Jem Lyons," says the foreman, a chap named Tucker, " hev you anything to say?" " Nuthin', says I, but this-I'm inner cent, and may God forgive ye for murderin' me." At this there was a roar, and some called me a " darned liar," and others roared " String him up," and they put the rope J round my neck.. I kinder thought of an old mother I hedj onct down Illinois, and some sisters too ; and I thought if I'd my time to go over agin, I'd ha' been better son and better brother ; and I mutters a prayer as I'd learned when a younker. Then I sot my teeth, and waited for the end. They hadn't put no bandage across my eyes, and I could see the boys, in the moonlight, glaring at me like so many savage beasts ; but I couldn't see the face of the tamal wretch as hed sworn my life away, nor the loafer his mate, though I looked keen enough for 'em, you may be sure. Wall, the chaps fixed me all right, and they slung the rope across a branch, and thirty or forty of 'em catches hold of the end, ready to run me up. Says Zach Tucker, " Good bye Jem ; I'm sorry for you." Says I, " Good bye, Zach, I'm sorry for you." He falls off to give the word, and I sot my teeto harder ; when, all of a sudden, there was a shout and a scream-the last from a woman's vice, and all looked round to see what it meant. And up gallops the sheriff on his mule, and alongside of him poor Bill's sweetheart, little Cochita Santos. The sheriff jumps deown off his mule, end sings out, - " Hold hard. You've got the wrong man." And the gah she rides up, and begins to gabble a lot of Spanish to the boys. Wall, the long and short of it is thie. Co- chita first heard of the murder of her sweet- heart from Zekial Hubbard and his mate, who hed gone down to Casanta on the spree ; and' it seems the gal hed her suspicions I abeout the matter ; for this hyar Zekial hed been makin' up to her, and she'd give him the cold shoulder. Howsoever, stead of fret tin' and cryin', tho' I do believe her heart was breakin', she talks and flirts, one with the other, and plies 'em with whiskey, until the darned skunks got drunk, end hed a jealousy quarreh, consarnin' the gal. Then they fowt, and Zekial's mate got Zekiel's. steel in his ribs, end hed to shut up. But he'd breath enough to let the gal know that Zekial and he hed murdered poor Bill ; and the gal's father, old Santos, who was kinder Intendente or magistrate of the vil- lage, took the story deown in writin', and hed it witnessed. While this was bein' done, news came that the boys had taken me eout to lynch me, and the gal galloped off to the sheriff. A plucky, fine gal she was. God bless her. 1 When the boys hearn all this, they shouted just as loud for me, as, a few minutes back, they'd howled agin me ; and, crowdin' round, and cuttin' the ropes as had bound me, begins a shakin' hands, and all that. I says to 'em, .< Boys, look hyar. Let this be a lesson to you. Don't, next time, make up your minds agin a feller until you've turned the case kinder inside eout. And neow," I went on, " who'll look after my claim, and bury poor Bill, while I get on the trail of that tarnal painter, Zekial Hubbard ?" A dozen promised to see to my claim, and the sheriff undertook to give poor Bill decent burial. So I goes deown to the shanty, to find it stripped of all money and arms, as I 'spected. But, goin' over to Zach Tucker, I asked him to help me. He gave me a hun- dred dollars, a bowie, end a pair of six shooters. " Jim," says he, " do ye forgive me ?" *' Zach," I answered, " I'd a done the same in your place. Wait a while, and I'll bring you the right man." I started that night, seein' little Cochita to home. The little gal, neow she'd done me the good turn, was full of thoughts of her old J over. She told me that she'd seen his body, which had been brought in by the sheriff. I hadn't the heart to see it myself. End, somehow, now that I'd lost him, I found I was raal fond of the great, lazy, good- hearted feller. Howsoever, poor Cochita shewed me whar the poor chap had been tumbled over, and cried like a raal woman. But when I told her I was agoin' on the track of Zekiel, she dried her eyes, and clenched her hands, and prayed that I might be successful. I found that the skunk had taken the San Carlos Road, and I guessed he'd make south-east for Texas. I reckoned that he hed a good sum o' money on him, since there were abeout twelve hundred dollars missiu' from our shanty ; end, of course, he'd get a good piece of horseflesh betwixt his legs. Thar's whar he bested me ; for the only beast I could get for my journey was a broken winded mustang, as old Santos let me have for five dollars. Howsoever, I'd made up my mind to track the wretch-and wasn't goin' to be put eout of it. It was daylight when I started, after giving the mustang a good feed of buckwheat and corn, end a dash of whiskey in his water ; so that he started off like a ten-forty on Burlington-tract. He kept the pace, too, well, until I pulled up at a Ranch, about thirty-five miles on. Thar I found an old Mexican, who told me that he'd seen a traveller pass deown the road about four hours before I fetched the Ranch. I felt sure that this was Hubbard, and so, after giving my horse an hour's rest, and feedin' him on the old Mexican's beans, I went off again at a hand gallop. I tell you, that thar mustang must ha' known what I was after ; for, by Jehosophat, he slid - he did-at a raal killin' pace, along. It was drawin' on night, as I spied a small stone heouse, about which a lot of mul- berry and olive trees was growin' ; and thar I concluded to spell a bit. So I pulls up, and sings eout to them as was inside ; when who should poke his head eout of the door but my man. When he see me, he whips eout his shooter end fires. The ball catches me hyar on the cheek, carryin' away my best grinders ; but, if you believe me, I scarcely felt it more nor to make me savage. I was into him afore he could fire agin-knocked him on the head with the butt of my shooter, and stunned him ; then I bound him, all the time spittin' blood like a human en-gine. Wall, to end up, the herdsman belongin' to the Ranch came in, end I mad him help me with the feller. We bound him tight on to his horse, and I took him back that night to the first Ranch I had come across-the next day into Casanta. Then I took the skunk to the Branch, whar, I guess, me and the boys fixed him to rights. That's my story. 'T 'aint much to hear, but, snakes ! it war something to re-a-lize. Hung him ? What, Zekial ? Jest so-we did-on the Big Pine ? . As Jem concluded his exciting yarn Christmas Day came upon us-it was past midnight ; but instead of the time-honored carol and the merry chimes broke upon our ear the howling wind among the tree-tops and the increasing rush and roar of the swelling waters chafing along the wild gully« at our feet. Tossing a few more logs upon the fire we rolled ourselves in our rugs-and on our fern couches slept a sweeter sleep than that of Kings ; though the morrow would again see us " ON THE WALLABY." 