NUNAWADING MESSIAH. To the Editor of the Evening Herald. Sir, — Tne case, Wilson v. Fisher, which will bo tried at the OakleighCoutt on tha'Sth" prex. , has already caused a great deal of ex citement, and in justice to Fisher, I feel it any duty as a "man, to correct the statements of Wilson, who, I am given to understand. Was in a state of impecunioaity when he joined Fisher's body — the "Hew Church." To show that such was the case, he borrowed from him (Fisher) the sum of £5, to obtain need to plant his ground. Subsequently he bad from the same" person food and good3 to the tune of .£17, and was never asked by his benefactor for a' single penny of it. -Some yeara after Wilson met Fisher at a Mr. Kefford's, wlio'n tho former said, "I have had a good crop this year, and I am glad to bo able to giro you part of the money back — " and handed him (Fisher) tho sum oi £10. .i. .cccu'.a were aiserivarus maae to Ui3ncrs children, amounting to about £3, which gifts Were given in consideration of meals and borsefeed. So that Wilson is actually in debted. to Fisher at the present moment. There is no truth in tho assertion that Wil son gave Fisher £35. Wilson is the man "who stood in the midst ot the congregation, and declacd that ho had received a Divine communication, direct from Heaveu, " that Fisher was the Messiah." He has repeatedly received assistance from the members of the Church j .Mid when his child died, Fisher went round, andobtained sufficient money to fray t'-a fliperal oxpensos. There is uo truth in tho report thai' F's''er fs living with three sisters, and intends to hftYU tne fourth. Fisher i3 a married man, living with hi3 wife-; and one ef his sisters-in-law 13 pf> iected from the < cruelty of her husband tmder hi3 roof. The third is housekeeping for.her father, at some distance from Frilier'a WtleiMS lsw R/inniinn na (sa rile) avM.wvuuwi HUCWUj k/J M4 UO UIU to tho Age reporter, shows his gratitude to his benefactor. While writing upon this Bubject, I may as well touch upon Bigneil's lecturcat Biwkly-hxll, Huna wading, exposing the doctrines and principles of Fisher. If yon were to investigate the character of the lecturer, I do not think it would bear the light of day. Bignell certainly did join Fisher's.churcb, and was expelled from it, and I will here ask him one question— John Bignell, what wns you expelled for Wa3 it not that you tampered with, certain women, being a powerful electro-biologist ? He ( Eigne) stated in the presence of myself and others, prior to this affair, that Fisher Wa3 a kind, loving husband, a champion of truth, . and a man who would not divide his' affections with another woman. Ten or a dozen can prove that Bignell hat called himself the Holy Ghost, and under 4h». influence oi tho Bpirits of Jesus Christ, Elijah, Elislia, John the Bap. SHst, and many others long since de- Sorted from this world. Also that he ha3 ealed the sick, end brought the dead to life. -(I can give names and plaoes if he requires it where he said so.) One of hi3 deluded .Victims he calls "Purity," by-the-bye — another man's wife. He tried to get a young lady friend of mine into his power, whore he called " Justice," l>ut that was not possible. He expressed his joy at having seen " Meek- mess" somewhere. But he (Bignell) was bound to have "Justice," "Purity," and MW-nubH LTV4UIU UU WiUUlU. VVtUUlCUVC UIO ecclesiastical labors. Where is the lawful, wife of the lecturer who would teach j morality to others 1 Is this man fs;;j to judge tho actions of another 7' Does a man who denies in public what he has- asserted in private,' prove himself truthful' Is it not a wonder that he even admit3- that. Fisher treated him kindly ? I have- now. .published to the world, a truthful statement between man and man, which statements can be proved by many witnesses. Apola-- gising for the length of this communication' I am. dear Sir. vours trulv. ' TRUTH: / 