DIARY OP A DREAMER. p June 27. — Went to bed early, having partaken of a light supper of toasted cheese, a sardine, a bottle of porter, and a pipe. Dreamed all night. Dreamed I was on the rack, — that I was quartered artis tically, and buried respectably. Awoke in a cold perspiration, and made resolutions as to cheese. Dozed off again, and was trampled to atoms by wild horses. Awoke again, and gave up repose for the night. June 28. — Went to bed late. No supper. One glass of "cold without." Dreamed I was Prime Minister and Autocrat of all the Australias. Arrested Yon Martin, Windeyer, Wilson, and Byrnes. Sent them to Biloela, where they were received by the vestals with shrieks of triumph. Deposed John West, and pensioned the Herald. Flayed Buchanan, and recommended John Stewart to the care of Dr. Manning. Awoke refreshed. June 29. — Retired to bed about half-past one a.m. Had been to the theatre, and had seen the Z's. Had also seen Greene, and had paid several visits to Williams'. Was in high spirits, and courted balmly repose. Dreamed. Dreamed of Emmeline ; dreamed of | Christine ; dreamed of the other one ; dreamed of them all. Believed : in Mahomet. Ecstacy, joy, bewildering delight. Awoke puzzled, and forswore the Prince of Wales during the burlesque season. | June 30, July 1. — Was out with Greene. Don't think I slept. If i I did, don't think I dreamt. Headache ; nervous. Hang the beer. I July 2. — Out with Greene again. Seek repose. Can't sleep. See ! Devils, Imps, Ghosts. Horror ! Shy pillow at mocking fiend who | sits at foot of my bedstead. Mocking fiend ducks, and grins at me. Other mucking fiends grin at me. What can it mean ? Get up and escape ; jump into the water-butt ; am better. Mocking fiends gone. Brandy and soda. Daylight. July 3. — Have signed the pledge. Greene has gone up to his sta tion. May he remain there for ever. Got to bed early, after a basin of gruel. Dream of the Licensing Act, and see Wearne and Wilson attired as cherubs sitting on a hecatomb of publicans. Awake gra tified. » Bring thou the Master to the Citadt-I ; He is a good one, and his worthiness Does challenge much respect. — Othello. Mr. Punch is glad to hear that a number of influential citizens intend to mark their sense of an honorable, useful career, inter rupted by a great misfortune ; to manifest openly and publicly a sympathy which thousands of us feel ; in a word — to invite j Captain David Walker to a public dinner. If a fiftieth part of I those who for twenty years have calmly slept in his ships j through black and stormy nights, while lie stood on the bridge and waited for the light on our treacherous coasts, give their support to the movement, it will be an imposing demonstration. Late in life a melancholy accident has slxed a gloom upon his kindly genial nature, and, perhaps, darkened his prospects. j And Mr. Punch, who loves such natures as Davie Walker's, and ; who knows how much the happiness of mankind depends upon protecting such people in their distress, and standing by them in their sorrows, will himself sit en the right Land of tho C'iaar- | man of this banquet of sympathy. 