I SYJWKY. I RANDWICK AUTUMN RACKS. TllIBD (NOT THU OFF) DáT-FniDAV. Al.li-AüVili STA tra uí 5 suva. each, li 0., willi I IOU sovs. added ; 1 mile ; Ut aub«. j Tim Whiffler.1 1 Lady Clifden.2 j FBEB HANDICAP nf 4 aova, each, h.ft., with CO eave, added ; li mile; ZS subs. ! The Spy .1 Stumpy .2 PEINCS OF WAIÍES STAKES of 3 sovs. ouch; li.rt., willi 5U sovs. added ; for all horses ; 12 mile. Thc winner to he sold by unction j immediately after the race Tor £80 ; if for £70, allowed 7 lbs. ; £fiO, H lbs. ; t'OO, j 21\. lbs. ; £10, 23 Iba. ; 20 subs. Farmer's Daughtor.. 1 i The Dane .2 j Citï HANDICAP of 5 «ove., li.ft., 100 sors. I added ; IS miles ; 30 subs. Mermaid .1 Titus.2 CusrBEUT.AKD Cul' (valued £60), with 30 sovs added to a sweepstakes ol' 3 sor j. each, j h.ft. ; 11 miles ; 1G subs. The Count .i.1 ; Challenger .2 Stockwell. 3 ¡ Romula was third in the race for tho Gold Cup which came oh" ou Thursday. FOURTH (PLATE) DAY-SATORI)AV. Rona HANDICAP of 5 sovs. each, h.ft., or 1 sov, only for non-acceptors, with 100 sovs. added, for 3 yrs. ; 1 mile and 3 furlongs. Lady Clifden. ".1 Pyrrhus .2 j Spy ... . ... 31 RANDWICK HANDICAP of G sovs. radi, li.ft., with 100 BOVS. added ; li miks ; 'Ai subs. Mermaid .1 Rosebud .2 Dane.3 QUEEN'S PLATE of 200 sors., for all horses ; 3 miles ; 7 subs. Tim Whifller.1 Romula .2 Only two horses started fur thia race, out it was u good one. NuttSEitv HAKUICAP of 5 sors, ouch, h.ft., or 1 sov. only for non-aeeoptors, with 100 sovs. added, for 2 yrs. ; J mile. Tho winner of any race after declaration to carry 7 lbs. extra. 21 subs. Javelin .1 Miss Jessie .2 Scarifa '.3 FOKCED HANDICAP of 5 sovs. each, 30 added ; for all winners «cent those of 2 yrs. races, for which, und all beaten horses, the entrance is optional, but acceptances obli- gatory ; li miles. Tho winner to pay G guineas lo the Club. Spy .i Stumpy ... ,. ... 2 Farmer's Daughtor ran a dead heat for second place. MAIM for the Australian Colonies, per " Egmont," close at eight this (Tuesday) even- ing. Mails for the Northern Ports close at eight o'clock on Wcda^sday evening. IN the Police Court yesterday, three drunkards were brought up-ono of whom was fined five shillings, and the other two were discharged with a caution. James M'Keogh was charged with being drunk and using obscene language in a public place and with tearing a constable's uniform. The Bench fined him 10s. for using obscene language, and Ids. for damage lo constablo'e clothes. THE Railway Extension Petition, with nearly 1200 signatures, leaves for Brisbane by the "Florence Irring" this morning. About 400 signatures were received from Peak DownB by last night's mail, which oflbrds gratifying proof that despite the avowed predilections in favour of the Broadsound Road, thoro is a general desire for thc railway to Expedition Bango. Tho pctitiou was sent to Mr. A. Fyfe,and letters were addressed t£ Messrs. Scott and do Satge, requesting their influence in its favour. A TKttv gratifying reception wa» giren to Mr. W. A. Chapman at tho School of Art« lut night. Thora was a full house, and everyone seemed both surprised and doliglitod nt the clever tricks and drolleries of lilia master magician. The Great Bing Illusion, the Dancing Queen, and (bo Great Second Sight excited much morriincnt. To night the wonderful representation of the Man Sealed up in n Sackful of Ghosts will be giren, end Mr. Chapman announces that he has more stun ling tricks for every craning. THE management of the Theatre Royal has now passed into tho hands of Mr. J. L. Byers, who announces for to-night the drama of ** Jocrisse the Juggler." Mr. Dan Briggs, who is entitled to high praise for his management during the past six months, leaves here this morning for Brisbane. Mrs. Fawcett also leaves by the same opportunity. The departure of those two artistes will be much regretted by the play-going public, but we understand that after a time, they will probably return again. Mr. Briggs has won the respect and good wishes of all who have had dealings with him, and part icu* larly of the printers, whom he has always made it his duty pay religiously. A MAN named Patrick Berry met with his death by drowning in the Lilymere Lagoon, while out duck-shooting with Mr. Jansen, a German, on Sunday morning last. Jansen had shot a duck which fell into the lagoon. Deceased, who is said to have been a good swimmer, jumped into the water to swim out and secure the duck. He, however, sunk, and was never again seen alive. In the afternoon of the same day, Constable Stretton recovered the body, and had it conveyed to the house of Mr. John 'Dunne, a settler at Lyon Creek, and an uncle of tho decease. Yesterday morning, Dr. Salmond went out and held a post mortem on the body, and ascertained that death was caused by drowning, and that there were no external marks of violence on the body. It is supposed deceased was drowned by getting entangled in the weeds of the lagoon. Up to the time of his death, he lived on his own property at Lilymere. An inquest on the body will be held by the Police Magistrate, in the Court House, this morning. A TiïUY serious accident which it is feared will terminate fatally, occurred to a man named John Donovan, ou Sunday afternoon. Donovau left Mr. Kearney's Dibcrniun Hotel On Sunday morning, on horseback, far the Ualfway Uousei on the Crocodile Road. On arriving lhere he swapped his horse far n inure of Mr. Muhoncy's, which had only a few weeks before shied and thrown i ti owner, causing him severe injurie». Donovan afterwards wont to Gannon's, ut Three- mile Crack. In returning to Bock hampton, and when about a mile and a-hulf un tho other aide of the Hector Reef, he wus thrown violently from his horse, and Wus after- wards found lying on the ground by a man named M'Goe-so wc ure iuformcd-dreadfully Binushcd and bruised. Ho was brought in to Mr, Kearney's lute on Sunduy evening, and yesterday morning was removed to tho hoBjiital. Dr. Callaghan inferáis us that tho man's arms ore both broken-tho ulna bone of tho left arm close to the elbow is fractured, and (.he radius bone of the right ural, about two inches above the wrist. Thc left leg, above tho Unoo, is alBO fractured, and there is a severo contusion on tho left Bido of the head. Donovan is sensible, though lying in a very precarious state. Dr. Callaghan has hopes of the man's recovery, lie was alone at tho time of tito accident, and it is impossible to soy whether he wus thrown against a tree, or whether be Bimply fell upon tho ground. It is supposed that the accident was caused by the mare shying, as sh« threw Mahoney ia that way about a month ago-and etraugo to aay-at a «pot only about twenty yards from where this last spill took place. SiMî OP THOBDUOUDBEU YEátiLisas.-The S. M. Herald reports un auction sale of yearlings, held by Mr. Gcorgo Kisa, at Sydney, tin the Ut May, which was attended by about sixty of the sporting celebrities of New South Wales. After lunch and freo libations of champagne the business of the day began, und the pricos realised are Baid to be satisfactory, considering tho de- pression of the times. Tho following are the particulars of tho sulct-The Brat youngster brought to the hammer WUB Lord of Lorn, a bay colt, by Lord of ibo lillis, frooi J-iady Mary (Charlton's dara), and ufter a little feeble bid- ding he was knocked down to Mr. Anderson for CO guineas f Mr. Carbery WUB tho next pur- chaser, The Colonel, a brown colt, by Volunteer, from Brown Bess, being Bold to him for 44 guineas ¡ Nemo, a fine brawn colt, from tbe Tocal stud, by New Warrior, from Mermaid, was tho nett horse sold, lie fetched 150 guineas, and wa« purchasod by Mr. Lang ; Explorer, a bay colt, from tho same stud, by New Warrior, from Kathloen, was knocked down to Mr. Hutchinson for HG guineas; Horace (er- roneously called Calabar in (lie catalogue), a bay colt, by New Warrior, from Ketchup, sold to the same gentleman for 81 guineas; Silence, a chesluut lilly, by New Wurrior, from Spinster (own sister to Juanita'» dam), was bought by Mr. Piper for 30 guineaB; Elegance finished the lot from the Tocal stud, and elie was sold for 40 guineas to Mr. faithfull. Crown Prince, from the Richmond stud, a bay colt by Tarragon, from Medulla, sold to Mr. Forrester for 40 guineas; Trothu, by Tarragon, from Juanita, 40 guineas, to Mr. Osborne ; Gambetta, a chestnut colt, by Tarragon, from Governess, GO guineas, to Mr. Hutchinson ; Van Moltke, a chestnut colt, by Tarragon, from Patience, 39 guineaB, to Mr. Osborne; aud Blcnkiron, a chestnut colt, by Kingston, from Young Ludia, 93 guineas, to Mr. Winch ; Plunger, a chestnut colt, bred by Mr. Forrester, by Lord of thc Hills, from Crucifix, fetched 60 guineas, and was purchased by Mr. Wallace. The draft from Mr. E. K. Cox's Mulgoa stud was next brought Under notice, and a bay colt by Yattendon, from Days of Old (imported), attracted genoral admiration. Thc first was a hundred guineas by Mr. Edward Lee, and it was soon followed up by an advance of 10 guineas ; bidding then became pretty brisk, and hequickly advanced till ho reached 300 guineas, when he wa» finally knocked donn to Mr. John Lee for 310 guineas. A bay colt by Yattendon, from Lurline, «did next far 43 guineas, to Mr. Faith- full ; n brown colt by Lord of Linno, from Hebe, G6 guineas to Mr. Winch ; a grey filly by Yattendon, from Esperance, 50 guineas, to Mr. L. L. Smith ; a bay filly by Yattendon, from Miss l'itsford, 70 guineas, to Mr, Osborne ; and a bay filly by Yattendon, from Vanity, 61 guineas, to Mr. E. Loe. A black colt, from Mr. Rutledge's Carwoola stud, by Yattendon, from Young Moonshine, was then put up, and finally sold to Mr. Brown for 85 guineas ; Hercules, a bay colt (from the Mulgoa stud) by Yattendon, Nutcut, was purchased by Mr. Yulo for Mr. Austin, of Melbourne, for 122 guineas ; Virgo, a boy Glly by Yattendon, from Ildegonda, waa tho last yearling sold and was knocked down to Mr. John Lee for 48 guineas. The total amount realised for thc twenty horeCB, was 1757 guineas, or an average of nearly £87 all round. Mr. Cox's seven realised 722 guineas, au average of 103 guineas each. Mr. Reynolds' fire sold for 480 guineaB, averaging 95 guineas each, and Mr. Town's fire brought 278 guineas, averaging 651 guineas each. ! TII'IB has been by far the most important salo nf yearlings that has taken place in Sydney np to tho present time, and it is doubtless only the forerunner to many more of much greater importance. Tho prices realised wera certainly not equal to those of tho yearlings recently sold in Melbourne, but there ore indications of great improvement in breedings in New South Wales, and in a very fow years wo shall seo youngsters at our annual Bales equal to anything in tho world.-S. JU. BeraU, May 2. 