The reason assigned for deferring tho dissolution of the Assembly till the la3t weok of January — namely, that the next mail may bring news whioh will necessitate the immediate re-as- sembling of Parliament — is not a satis factory one. It ia a reason which, pro perly applied, should operate the other way, and which might with propriety be adopted in justification of an imme diate dissolution, and holding the elec tions with all convenient speed. The session which has been brought to a close dealt specially with the question of our defences, and tliore 1 should be no necessity for any more legislation on that subject for a few months. The important news of England being in volved in war is no more likely to arrive in January than in February or March. The probability, at the date of our last- intelligence, was that there would be a conference on the question HAinnJ Utr Unocivo oVintif fliA n nrncmfinn A CI- LO OVA UJ A9UOOZUI — of tho treaty for the neutralisation of the Black Sea, while there is no reason to suppose that the rumors about the intentions of the United States Govern ment are, even if authentic, anything more than an election cry. Instead of speculating on tho arrival of the news in the present month, let us inquire how it will bo if the arrival should take place in February or March. If the dying Assembly be kept alive till the last week of this month, the new Parliament will not be ready to meet for the despatch of business till the beginning of April. If an immediate dissolution had been proclaimed, the new Parliament would have been available for being sum moned to meet soon after the arrival of the mail in February. "We need not point out that a newly-elected Assembly in O Kof.fjav inof.nimfinfc fjl flftfll with than one whioh has only a few weeks to live. The idea of getting another session's work out ef the present Parliament, even on such a subjf ct as an impending war, has more of the ridiculous than tho sublime about it. As the elections will occupy two months, and it is desirable to have a Parliament in existence when the warlike news arrives, it would obviously havo been a gain to have utilised the three weeks which are now being wasted, and during which no news can, in the or dinary course of things, be expected to come to hand. Tho policy of the Government virtually leaves the colony without a Parliament for three months — not a very alarming state of things porbapa, but some what curious when it is considered as the result of a policy based on the ciBauuintion thnt thero should be a Par- liament in readiness to deal with im-; portant news on its arrival. Our War Minister is actually performing the feat, hitherto deemed impossible, of lengthening a blanket by cutting a piece off the top to sew to the bottom. The parliamentary interregnum is posi tively stretched out by the means de termined upon to shorten it. Even if the dreaded news should arrive a fort night hence, what could our worn-out Assembly, with its own extinction at hand, do 1 It could not, with docency, do more than make provisional ar rangements, which would have to be submitted to the judgment of its suc cessor. The rules whioh apply to dis solutions which are the result of Minis terial complications, are. for the most part applicable to dissolutions which am /looirififl flJuinffhlfl Oil account of ttl6 near approach of the natural term of an Assembly's existence, because at this time the usual ohecks on Ministerial action aro in abeyance/ a state of inac tion which should not be taken advan tage of. What does Todd say in his exhaustive work on Parliamentary Government 1 — " After an appeal to the " country has been determined upon, " the dissolution should take place " with the least possible deiay ; that is " to say, as soon as the necessary busi- " ness before Parliament has been dis- " posed of j the Opposition meanwhile " aiding thf> Ministry in completing " the same, and refraining from any " further attempt to embarrass them. " By necessary business is to b8 under- " stood such measures as are impera- " tively required for the public service, " or as may be proceeded upon by com- « mon consent. ' It is inconsistent tt t ill. <4.11 .i.nn»A nti/1 wifK f.lio oniT'if. nf WlUil iMl UOttgU) CVUIA WA " ' the Constitution, that a Government " 'should be enabled to select the mea- " ' surea which it thinks proper to sub- " ' mit te the consideration of a con- " ' demned Parliament,' or, ' to exercise << ' its own discretion, for party pur- " ' poses, as to what measures it will " ' bring forward or what it will with- " 'hold.'" These remarks contain sound doctrine applicable to all j deliberative bodiessimilarlycircumstancedtoourown in its present worn-out or " condemned" oondition. Parliaments are restricted in thoir duration for the obvious reason that at the end of threo years they may no longer be faithful interpreters of public opinion. The more momentous the question whioh is proposed to be submitted, the less competent is a worn- out Parliament to deal with it. To keep such a Parliament in existence so as to deal with ah important subject in January,. : and thus to prevent a now Parliament from dealing with it in February or jjiaren, is not in accordance with the spirit of representative responsibility. The question as to the attitude which the colony should assume in case of Eng land being drawn into a European war will no doubt be fully discussed at the ensuing elections. It should, indeed, be one of the issues placed before the 'country, so that the new Assembly will be armed with authority when next the question is dealt with. One of the results of the elections may be that the Government will be called upon to in itiate proceedings to get the neutrality of the colonies established, in which case lavish expenditure on our defences would not be justifiable. Iu opposition to' the proposal for neutralisation there will, we are aware, be a large number of people who, like tho Parisians, will talk foolishly of what they will do if an enemy should eomo hither. There aro others who would designate as cowardly tho desire to avoid compli cation in the wars of England, and who would talk balderdash about the battle and tho breeze and the flag that has braved them for a thousand years. Bat common sense people will see that by becoming neutrals we would he in reality doing a better service to England than by asking her to cripple herself by sending a fleet hero for our protection. As neutrals, we would, it is true, havo to treat the war ships of an enemy in the same way as those of England, and this has been urged as a fatal obieotion to our neutrality : but the difficulty would really have no exis tence, because no such ships would ever visit our waters. There would be no thing for them to do in a neutralised hemisphere. When the Black Soa was neutralised, a hope was expressed by the peace party that tho Baltic and Mediterranean would a son be placed in tho same category. An opportunity now arises of neutralising the South Pacific. Let the Govern ment place this question on the pro gramme of their " platform," and let them dissolve at once, and we shall say that there is still hope for their being recognised as worthy of wielding the destinies of Victoria. Victoria may well bo a littlo proud of hor achievements in legislation. Not only is her influonco felt in tho neighboring colonics, but it also works in tho old country. By f.lin S!ntif:li Australian tninrrr.-ims it will Ha soon that the Legislative Council of that colony has passed tho bill for tho abolition of primogeniture. Thanks to Mr. Higin- botham, we led the way in this res pect, and at an early stage in our career provided against tho foolish plan of men locking up for . generations vast tracts of laud for merely exalting a family name, and founding a mushroom ariatooraoy. Tho most signal example, per haps, of indirect and unconscious influonco on tho part of our legislation, is tho effoot produced in England by our abolishing state aid to religion. From tho organ of tho Voluntarios at homo wo learn that this action has stimulated tho Nonconformists of England to renewed exertion, and they will no longer be content with attaoking the outworks of tho English establishment, but in tend Btorming the citadel itself. Mr. Mioll has already given notice of motion for tho dis- eSLaDUsnmoni oi xne jLngnsn vnurcn ; anu, as ho will bo backod np by not only tho com munity of which ho is tho representative man, but also by a largo Boction of tho Church itself, anxious for freedom from State fetters, there is no - doubt of ultimate success. Sir James M'Culloch, somo timo ago, , wisely Baid that we should not look to tho homo legislation for examplo. He was right : our legislators should bear in mind that in everything of truo democracy wo havo to lead tho vau, and thoy Bhould act accordingly. Somo timo ago a Mr. Thompson, wo think it was, entored into an olaborate justification at Brunswick of his refusal to havo his child vaccinated. Ho claimed that the blood of his family had boen pure for gener ations, and he was not going to defilo it at this stage of tho family oxistonoo. As against tho duty of vaccination, the defendant had no ground of objection, against tho manner in nrhinh vronmnn f.J/NTi m nflrfruTTin/l lia mirrlif. „well have pleaded. Tho following from au English paper shows tho danger to whioh children are at present exposed. It is a description of somo children seen by Dr. Hume Rothey, of Manchester: — "All tho children (four) wore in a sad oondition, being dottod all over, as far as I could soo, with Bores — putrid sores — largo aud small scabs, patches of raw flesh, &c.; Wishing to know something more about theso children, I wont to a neighboring houso in tho expecta tion of finding somo one who could speak English and givo mo tho information I de sired. I thoro met with a young woman with n baby in her arms. Tho head, faco, arms, logs, and body of this baby wore all blotchod with scabs, eruptions, and foul Bores. Iu answer to my in quiries this young woman (whoso hus band is W. Edwards, Ty Cabel) informed mo that Dr. YVilliams had vaccinatod both IAUl Ulbuy iUlU XtXJlO. yxricp uuuj uu uuo mvuiu timo ; that thoso babies before vaccination had boon remarkably healthy ; that since vacoination thoy had boon great sufferers ; aud that Davis's threo older children, from Bleeping in tho Bamo hod with tho baby, had caught tho disease with whioh tho latter had boon iufected by vaccination." Cases are by no means infrequent in tho colony of something similar to .the above, and o3 tho Government insist upon compul sory vaccination, tho least thoy could do would bo to insist that a proper supply of pure lymph should be always maintained by the Government vaccinators. Wo have all heard of death in tho pit, but who has hoard of death in hose ? Yot that such is tho case is too ovident. Gen tlemen as well as ladies affect colore of the most brilliant hues, and thoy havo to run tho risk of absorbing poison into their system if thoy wUl gratify their tasto. Mr. Marcus Clarke has been a victim to a pair oi naming rca nuoo, .41141 .... - nwn - curiosity to subject thoso to tho analysis test, finds that they contained enough poison to kill off three men. Our medical men havo often been at fault in diagnosing somo diseases — perhaps tho gay colored clothing of their patients has had some thing to do with -their ailmonts. Chemists havo long enough warned us against tl s greon produced by arsenic, but now thoy must include other colors in their catalogue. Tho question now in buy ing highly colored materials from our drapers will no longer be will it wash? but will it kill ? and soon we may oxpcct our community to be'drcssod in plain colors, and we shall bo as quietly apparelled os a com munity of quakere. Tho Fijian Constitution lias not been granted, and the committee which was to sit en permanence until Thakombau signed away his political existence, has given up tho ghost. Somo advance in civilisation is however made, and a city corporation is to bo formed at Lovuka. In vain we scan tho Fijian papers for any signs of Victorian notorieties coming to tho surfaco ; all parts of tho world supply their quota, but Victoria is not represented. Surely it cannot ho possible that our Melbourne men, who. W6re so sharp hereon the flags and elsewhere, havomot with more than their match at tho Fijis, and in chagrin are keeping themselves aloof be cause thoy cannot roign snprome. How they must sigh for tho glories lODg departed, and now that £399 a year iB obtainablo in Victoria by members of Parliament, what fools thoy must deem themselves for leaving onr favored land. Had some known how near tho prize was, they would hare been with us to this day. The inquest en the hoy Spiro has re sulted iu a verdict of aocidental death. 