GHOSTS. Do you believe in ghosts 1 I do ; and so did Lord Lyttleton, and King Saul, and the Witch of Endor. Many years ago, a faithful prisoner ser vant, who attended to the horses, and who (like many of' the assigned servants at the time) grew ,£rey in our service, and en deared himself to his master by the utmost attention to his duties, was at a late hour one night kicked in the stomach by a restive young horse, and after lingering in indescribable agony for two hours, his soul made the long journey just about midnight; his last faint utterance being, ' Oh .' if I could only Bee the master; only see the master !' The master, now nearly the oldest in UHUIHUI^ .WOO (JU1C1/IJ DLeC£Jlllg »V U U1CUUB house at Battery Point, fully six miles away from the stable and from his faithful, dyinf groom. He awoke with a strange oppression, and sitting up in bed, he per ceivel his servant standing by his bedside, with a painfully melancholy expression of countenance. Supposing something serious had iappened at home, which brought the servant in at the dead of night, the master epraig up, and asked why he had come. Receiving no answer beyond the same me lancholy look, the master rose from his bed, and going up to the figure passed throagh.it, a shudder of the deepest horror shaking every nerve in his body. To torn again, place himself in bed, with a covered head, and a prayer in his heart, took but the time occupied by St. David's clock as it struck twelve — mid- ?jight. Before daylight, a son of the master rode to town to report the death of the groom, and was horrified to find 'that, his father bad already had supernatural information o the subject. The man had been transported for his natural life for taking from a bin in a stable, two feeds of oats for a favourite horse, which was ill at a neighbour's stable. And his wife, a most amiable young wo man, with an infant of a few days old at her bosom, was sent to the ' workus ' as paupers, whilst be huddled together with ?IV) more ot England's erring exiles, were sent to Tasmania in the George the Third. Safely the ship sailed over thefsea until it arrived in D'Entrecasteaux Channel, when, in the dead of night, it struck on the Acteon Beef, and went down, carrying all but a tenth part of its living cargo to sleep amongst the waving kelp of the ocean. Well do I remember the morning of April, 1835, when the sews arrived of the fearful wreck, and the hurriedly issued Government orders, for all troops, all the civil servants, and all the respectable inhabitants to ac company the Governor to St. David's Church ; the military band of the 21st Fusiliers playing that grand march from the oratorio of Saul.aud the prayers for the sick and dying were read by Dr. Bedford, but, alas ! too late ; the 220 souls had gone to their account, and as the tree falls so would it lie. It is a fond thing and, I believe, vainly invented to pray for the souls of the dead, and yet, where was the soul of the faithful groom at midnight THE HAUNTED HOUSE. There is a supersition in regard to a house at the upper end of Macquarie-street, that it will never 'stand, and the origin of it I heard from Joey the Flat On the very top of the hill, where the dank drainage of the street runs N.S. and West, and where Azael the Angel of Death is ever busy, emptying little cradles, and making human hearts bleed, stands an iron house, with iron wall, iron roof, iron clamped. Why so strongly built ! In 1819, on that. spot stood a large gum tree, white, barked, and leafless; one of the branches grew out horizontally about ten feet from the ground. Over this fatal branch the rope of Indian coir was fre quently (may I say weekly) thrown, with a noose at one end, and a Government official, of the same profession as that re spected pensioner, Solomon Blay, at the other end. This noose being tightened, a human eye looked its last on the sun, setting over the present graveyard of the little ones of the female bastille of former days, and a human soul went to its account— too frequently a liaainr nnaJ ? and fno ini*lijt taller vnnt-AciKu clay was placed in the earth under that tree. -?-.- s But the tree was struck by lightning and was burned down, and a change of venue took place. The Surveyor-General marked out an allotment, and Joey the Flat got the ^cation order. Here that historical plastern built him a hut of slabs, covered it with bark, and put up a huge stone chimney. In the dead of night, and when all were sleeping, and even Joey and his fair but frailvBpoose were not keeping watch, there came a howl of evil spirits, rushing along on the night wind, and coming to the hut, they flung it ruthlessly down, the bark roof makiug gyrations towards Battery Point, and leaving Joey and Co. houseless. Joey parted with the allotment for a consideration, to a newly-arrived settler' who built a one and a-half storied cottage thereon, which, on a stormy night in the following winter, shared the fate of its pre decessor. For many yean the rum of the cottage remained, until another owner bnilta brick cottage, in the year 1830, and in the fol luwiug vruiter, uuimg n ovuiui, a grout |Mkrb of the brick wall fell \- Tears rolled on in their ceaseless course towards eternity, and the land became the property of one of the ' Devil's own,' a Queen's Counsel, and therefore a learned man, and to circumvent bis cowfrira, he built the iron room aforesaid, clamped am bound as aforesaid. Each -winter there ' came, and still came, the spirits from the Harts mountains, riding oa the blast Mioaa the Arthur Ranges, round by Hell's Cor ners, calling in at the Wellington Falls, to have a howl and a gymnastic roll over its precipice ; and then along Balfe's new track, and its ploughed Gelds, to the wall of the haunted house, at which, screaming through every crevice, they throw a shud der through each wall, and shudderthrough each heart ; and then rush on past the blasted windmill (which they destroyed in a former winter), into the otherwise calm waters of the Derwent, which, like the waves of that lake which received the hogs of the Gergesenes, open their bosom to re ceive those friends and to choke, and then, with foam-crested surges, roar on the beach at Sandy Bay, and reverberate along the rocky bluff at Kangaroo Point. For a while the friends are circumvented by the Q.C., who now sleeps with his fathers, but the superstition is that they will yet have their day on the Iron House. Mr. D ? was a very tall, stalwart Scotchman, who had offended a little man who was his neighbour, a fiery little Eng lishman, who, on account of the strutting manner in which he carried himself, used to be nicknamed Cocky H ? . The little man bearded his big neighbour in hie own house, and, after some strong language, Mr. D ? took up H ? in hiB arms, and put him on the ground outside his front door. Cocky armed himself with a pistol, and waylaid D ? in the street at Campbell Town, and threatened to shoot shoot him dead on the spot ; but the giant merely bent over him and said, — ' Cocky, Cocky ! pet doon yon pestil ; ye'll, maybe, hurt yonrseL' The scene between the giant and the dwarf attracted a mob, who expressed delight in the matter, and then separated the combatants, both of whom were J.Fs. One one occasion, the minister from New Norfolk came to preach for another clergyman in town who was ill, and after going through the Liturgy, he opened the MSS. of his sermon. The old gentleman was observed to look blank ; but, recover ing himself, he said, ' My friends I I find in my haste coming from home, I have brought a sermon which I had pre pared for the lunatics in the asylum of which I am chaplain ; but as most of my remarks are applicable to many of you, I will read this sermon to you ;' which he did amongst the suppressed laughter of his hearers. 