NEWS AND NOTES. The Ballarat Star will not be published on Tuesday nest (Boxing-day). On Christmas-day the paper will be published as usual, but the office will be closed. The office will also be closed on Boxing-day until sis o’clock p.m., when it will re-open and will remain open until ten o’clock p.m. The Nubia, with the November mails, was sighted at 6.30 p.m., on Friday, off Cape Otway, and was expected at the Heads at midnight. It is probable that the maisl will reach Ballarat by 10.30 this morn ing, when there will be a general delivery all over Bal larat. Every endeavor will be made to forward all the country letters to their destination. Christmas-day will be observed as Sunday at the post-office. Tues day, Boxing-day, the office will be open front® to 10 a.m., and one delivery of letters only. Mails will be received and despatched as usual. In another column will be found our report of the proceedings of the Ministry on the second day of their visit to Ballarat. The visit to the water reserves was a most pleasant trip, although Mr Duffy was so fatigued as to be unable to go further than Kirk’s Dam, In his speech after, dinner, Mr Berry promised that if the loan for water-works was floated during the n'ext session of Parliament, the £170,000 so long promised to Ballarat should be included. Mr Walsh also promised that the commission should be issued during the next session of Parliament. The Ministers left for Melbourne by the last train. Last evening Councillor Ives said he had heard a rumor about the borough that Councillor Josephs was applying for the_ lease of the borough market by means of dummies. Councillor Josephs distinctly denied that he had done or was doing what was spoken of, and the matter dropped.. Dr Clendinning, the district coroner, held an in quest on Friday regarding the death on the previous evening of James Gilmore, a waggoner, from an acci dent in Skipton street. A verdict of accidental death was returned. It appears that the deceased was in toxicated at the time of the accident, and that the waggon load went over him when it broke down, bruising him very much. The police removed him to the hospital, where he was found to be quite dead. The age of the deceased was twenty-five years, and he leaves one child. He was in the employ of Mr Blair of Scott’s parade. The hot winds and scorching temperature of Thurs day and Friday morning gave way later in the latter day to breezes from the south, with an overcast sky, and a temperature reduced by some thirty degrees! As we write there are signs portending a rainfall. On Friday morning the temperature at Ballarat was 93 deg. in the shade. In the evening it had fallen to 65 deg. By reference to our report of a deputation waiting upon Mr Longmore in order to advocate the re-esta blishment of a Sunday train on the Ballarat line, it will be seen that the Minister holds forward no hope that so reasonable a desire will be conceded. Intend ing visitors to Geelong, Melbourne, and Werribee must bear in mind that a train will leave Ballarat this evening at half-past nine o’clock. AVe must be content for small mercies. AVe believe the handicaps for the sports on the Eastern Oval on Boxing-day were declared last night, and also those for the Caledonian Sports on Now Year’s-day, but up to two o’clock this morning we had not received them. The handicaps for the Fire Bri gade Sports on the Eastern Oval on - New Year’s-day will probably be ready tor publication in our Mon day’s issue. Ah Chow alias Ah Mum, now in gaol for two years with three floggings for an unnatural offence, was brought up at the gaol on Friday at three o’clock for the first piece of flagellation. Bamford the hangman was engaged to carry out the operation and was con veyed to Ballarat from Melbourne by the morning train by the senior turnkey of the Melbourne gaol. A kind of framework was erected on the railing in the middle yard but not in view of the prisoners, and on this the criminal was tied up. Bamford laid on the cat with considerable vigor, and before he had given the victim the twenty-five lashes allotted to him, the latter cried out slightly and twitched his body in a manner that showed he was suffering very great pain. When the flogging was concluded. Dr Bunce attended to the prisoner’s back, the prisoner being removed to his cell. A considerable number of persons attended in the gaol yard—some on business and others actuated by various degrees o£ curiosity. In a month from this date the prisoner is to have another flogging, and then he will be removed to Mel bourne. The Ballarat East Council agreed last evening to strike a rate of one shilling in the pound on the rate able property of the borough. .i ■■■■:•.>■ V‘ The man Coffey, who so nearly killed his wife some time ago at Brown Hill, was committed at the Eastern Court, on Friday, for trial at the next sessions oh' the charge of assault, with intent to murder. A deputation, composed of Messrs W. Scott, Wrigley, and Twentyman, waited upon the Ballarat East Council last‘evening, to. ask, on behalf of the benevolent asylum, that * the'amount of the council's grant in future might be at least increased-to £2O per' month. The council agreed to advance the asylum three, months’ subscription at the rate of ’£24o per annum, and to refer the whole matter to the finance committee, making it at the same time an order for consideration at the next meeting of council. We learn with reference to the notice issued by the Postoffice and Telegraph Department respecting the holidays on Christmas-day and the day following, that instructions have been given to country post masters to keep their offices open for two hours lor delivery of letters by the Nubia on Sunday, Christ mas-day, or Tuesday, the 26th inst., should the English mail be received by them on any one of those days. - : Our local correspondent writes:—“ The usual half yearly installation of officers of the Prince of Wales Lodge of Freemasons, 1.C., Smythesdale, took place at the lodge-room, Coe’s Courthouse hotel, in this town, when the following brethren were duly installed in their respective offices. Br T. F. Jordan, W.M. • Br Howitt,_S.W.; Br Turpie, J.W.; Br Greig, S.d!; •Br Clegg, J.D.; Br J. Ward, secretary; BrDean Hart] treasurer; Br Adam Young, tyler. The appointment of the I.G. was not made. Several brethren from St. John’s Lodge, Ballarat, were visitors on the occasion, as also some from the Yarrowee Lodge. Dr Kieser, of Carngham, was also present. After the installation ceremony had been performed, the brethren adjourned to the supper-room, where they sat down to an excel lent, repast, provided by Host Coe. ' The : usual toaitfJ and speeches, pleasantly diversified with some good ■ songs, followed, and the company spent an hour.or two in mirth and harmony.” ' Mr W. Q. Pinnell acted for the first time last even ing as town-clerk of Ballarat East. It was agreed that a testimonial, with the seal of the council attached, be given to the retiring officer, Mr E. Charlesworth, for the able manner in which ho had at all times carried out the duties of his office. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—" A meet ■ ing of the Smythesdale Athletic Club committee was hold on Wednesday evening, at the local Mechanics’ Institute reading-room, Mr L. Hollesou in the chair. ■The large number pf acceptances for the ensuing sports was a subject of congratulation, and the com mittee indulged in glowing predictions as to the un doubted success of the forthcoming sports'meeting. The secretary, Mr C. Tenbrink, mentioned that he had seen Mr Sleep, of Ballarat, who had a splendid racing chronograph, and that gentleman would, doubtless, if ■ requested by the club, come to act as timekeeper at i the sports. It was most essential that the time should -.be kept accurately, as the best runners in the colony were.in the sports; and also the course was in good order; consequently the time made at Smythesdale would be very fast, and accordingly be a valuable record for the colony in future. The committee highly approved of the suggestion, and of Mr Sleep’s kind oiler, and forthwith instructed the secretary to re quest Mr Sleep to act as timekeeper at the sports. .Nine new members were added to the club, and it was decided that a joint meeting of the school com mittee and sports committee be held at an early date to appoint officers for every department in connection with the sports.” A member of the City Fire Brigade suggests that the large bell in the Alfred peal should be tolled by a constable on the beat whenever a fire is observed. After the brigade watchmen leave their towers, a fire sometimes occurs, and as the watchmenare not Arguses, they may even when on the watch sometimes not see a fire so ■ soon as it may be noted by some other person. The suggestion is, we think, a very good one.- The Ovens Spectator says—“ Messrs Longmore and Yale left for Melbourne, making particular, enquiries as to the best way to escape revisiting Beechworth.” The yearly meeting of the H.A.C.B. Society, Bal larat Branch, was held at the hall, Dawson street, on Thursday evening—the president, Br M. J. O’Brien, in the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, and three candidates for admission were balloted’for and duly initiated. Cor respondence.—From the Caledonian Society, acknow ledging receipt of a letter from the branch according its patronage, and enquiring whether the branch in tended to appear in insignia in the procession. The secretary was instructed to reply that it was not the intention of this branch to appear in insignia on New Year’s-day. The auditors’ report and balance-sheets were read, and held over till next meeting in conse quence of the absence of the trustees and treasurer. The_ patronage of the branch was accorded to the Boxing-day Fete Committee, and Br Melican was ap pointed marshal. The election of officers was then proceeded with, when Br M. Melican was elected president; Br J. E. Torbitt, vice- president; Br John Dineen, secretary; Br J. P. Collins, warden; Br M. Carroll, guardian; and Brs B. O’Callaghan, M. Morrissy, P. Wholohan, C. Fitzgerald, and P. Cadley, sick visitors for the ensuing six months. A medal is to be presented to Br P. J. Corbett for the satisfac tory manner in which he discharged his duties during his term of office. The receipts were over £24. At Black Lead, on Thursday, a farewell tea meeting, in reference to Mr John Davey, was held in the Wes leyan Methodist Church, on the occasion of his leav ing the colony for Tasmania. The caterer, Mr Ward, Ballarat, supplied the provisions in his usual style, and the tables.were presided over by Mesdames West cott, Polkinghorn, Delbridge, Trevan, Jeffree, Berri man, Martyn, Dodd, Gass, and Bedggood. After tea the tables were removed, and the Rev. Spencer Wil liams, superintendent of the Ballarat Circuit, presided oyer the meeting in his happy and successful style, his opening address giving a good tone to the entire business of the evening, Mr James Barrie also spoke in complimentary terms of the guest of the evening. The choir, under the able direction of Mr Josiali Glasson, performed some beautiful music. In the course of the evening Mr Thomas Westcott, in the name and on behalf of the inhabitants, presented to Mr Davey a very handsome compensation balance gold watch, as a mark of esteem, Mr Davey responded in feeling and appropriate terms. Votes of thanks to the ladies, the choir, and the chair, terminated the business of a.pleasant evening. We have received a copy of the rules and regulations of the Engine Drivers’ Association, Ballarat. A number of young ladies attending the Soldiers’ Hill School, adjoining the Rev. Mr Henderson’s Manse, presented to Miss Lang, their teacher, on the occasion of her departure for Melbourne, a very hand some cabinet album with the initials of the recipient engraved on the clasp. Mias Boyd made the presen tation, and Miss Lang having thanked the donors in a very feeling manner, they took leave of this very worthy and esteemed young lady who has been most efficient in the above school for several years as general teacher and military instructress to the female scholars. The presentation marks the very good feel ing which has always existed between Miss Lang and her pupils. Mr Bardwell, of the Royal Studio, having received a copy of Harper’s Weekly by the Californian mail, has sent it to the Mechanics’ Institute for general in spection. The paper, besides several illustrations of the fire, has a large map-supplement showing the burnt portions of the city of Chicago. Our Linton correspondent writes:—“ There is a feel ing here on the part of the public that additional justices of the peace should be appointed in this locality. Some of the residents who ought to be able to form a sound opinion as to what the dignity of the bench and the interests of the public in such a matter require, consider that Mr John Clarke, of Emu Hill and Messrs A. Grace and J. Shepperd, of Linton’ wpuld be eligible persons for the magistracy.” Our local correspondent writes;—“Whooping cough has been prevailing very extensively at Linton, and in the adjacent districts, for the last three weeks and many of the children are at this time suffering from it most severely.” ■ Several books suitable for Christmas and New Year presents have reached us. There is Marcus Clarke’s Old Tales of a Young Country,” an admirable senes of histoncal sketches of early colonial history. Mr Cyrus Mason has written, and Mr Geo. Robertson of Melbourne published, “ The Australian Christmas Story Book,” which should be in the hands of every child. Messrs John Pyrke and Cos., Bourke street, Melbourne, have issued an admirable little " Souvenir from Melbourne,’’containing twelve views of principal buildings in Melbourne, admirably adapted for trans mission by book-post to Great Britain. The Creswickshire Council, in reply to a circular from the City of Sandhurst, requesting their co-opera tion in inducing the. Government to run trains of a Sunday, resolved—" That the Sandhurst Council be informed that the Creswickshire Council did not approve of Sunday trading.” The present very warm weather is ripening the grain fast throughout the Climes and Creswick districts, and labor is consequently in great demand. .The wages' at present average about 6s per day, but there is every probability of an increase, - J Our local correspondent writes:—“A respectable family named. Campbell, living in the neighborhood of Lai Lai, sustained a sad shock in the untimely death of a member o£ the family, a daughter aged about seven teen having suddenly fallen down dead on Thursday morning. .Nothing in the '•'demeanor, of the deceased had indicated that death was so near.” • The Creswickshire Council- accepted the following .tenders on 21st December,"for tollgates within the shire:—Adekate Creek, M. Walsh, £375; Pound and check-gate, M. Fanning, £221; Bullarook, Droney, £220; Spring Gully, and cheok-gato, M. Fanning, £686. , ", .. .A ; deputation comprising . the 'most influential licensed victuallers - in the district waited upon the Creswickshire Council at the last meeting, and pre sented a petition praying that the publicans’ license fee be reduced to £lO. Considerable discussion took \- place on the, subject, and the pros and- cons were ; argued ; at considerable length. ’Ultimately the ■ council resolved—“ That "the deputation be respect fully informed that the council cannot comply with their request.” This resolution did not appear very satisfactory to . the deputation, which withdrew in great dudgeon; i At the. meeting, of the committee of the Clunes Naval Brigade, on 21st December) the hon. secretary, Mr. J. M. Davis, was instructed to inform Mr Qeil hofer, hon. secretary of Ballarat Fiie.Brigade, that the Britannia and crew would arrive at Ballarat about 9.30_ p.m. on 31st December in readiness for the pro cession bn New Tear’s-day. I At the half-yearly meeting of the G.U.0.F., Clunes, held on 19th December, the following change of chairs took place:—N.F., Br Groves; N.0., Br Schmidt; Y.G., Br Moritz; treasurer, 3r B. Tarrant,. re-elected; secretary, Br Pearce, re-elected; assistant secretary, Br Wellington; warden, Br Wakeman. . Bra Payne and Wellington were appointed marshals of the society for the Boxing-day procession. The Creswick Borough Council has instructed the town-clerk to write to the Government in support of the request of- the Mountfranklinshire Council for a special grant of £lOOO towards cutting down Sailor’s Hill, oh the main line of road from Bafiarat to Dayles ford. ,Mr C. E. Jones delivered his lecture on “ Stage and 3s}Jp}t;”Mfi the Alfred Hall, on Friday night, Mr David Ham in the chair. The- audience was very small and looked but the ghost of an audience in so large a hall. But the lecture, barring something too much, perhaps,, of historical introduction, was .emi nently entertaining. It was full of anecdote and fun, and the wretched and dreary conventionalities of too much of pulpit exercise were caustically and humor ously ridiculed and denounced. One well-known Church of England clergymen, the Rev. Mr Perks, of Richmond, was mimicked to the life amid the irre pressible guffaws of the audience, guffaws that in a crowded house would have swollen into "roars of laughter. . The lecturer chose a bit from, a lecture on “ Prince Albert”—delivered in the' Theatre Royal, Melbourne, Sir Henry'Barkly in the chair—and we must say that wo have seldom listened to a more per fect exhibition of mimicry. The moral of.the lecture of course was this, that if preachers dealt with the solemn business in their hands as earnest and common sense people really alivejto the rational requirements of their position, churches, instead of being half-empty so often, would. be- crowded, and religion would be more a power in the pulpit and out of it. At the last meeting of the Creswick Borough Coun cil, David Brown, contractor for the erection and repair of two bridges at Slaty Creek, sent in a claim for £199 17s lOd, extras on the work done, .although the contract price was £295, and he had already been allowed £36 7s as extras. The council, after hearing the statement of Mr Brown, and also of the borough engineer, on the subject, decided that the account for extras be not received. Mr B. Gillingham lectured in the Mechanics’ Insti tute on Friday night on Spiritism, to an audience of , about thirty persons.; The lecturer was a bitter oppo nent of the Spiritist doctrine, and he contended that there was no instance on record where the spirit of a departed person had appeared to a human being in the flesh either in the Bible or elsewhere. The Spirit ists had asked the sceptics why they did not let Spiritism alone and let it die out, but Mr Gillingham was of opinion that to let Spiritism alone would be to leave a raging pestilence alone, and.he urged every one to help to put it down as all Spiritists threw the Bible behind their backs. The lecture was of consi derable length, and in it Mr Gillingham denied most of the assertions made by Mr Nayler, and combatted his reading of passages in the Bible. The Smythesdale toll-gate has been leased to Mr T. Ryan for the ensuing year at £857. _ A correspondent writes:—“On the 19th instant a divisional lodge of the Sons of Temperance was opened at Chepstowe. Br Jenkins, G.S., and Br Bird, D.6.W.P., of the Ballarat Grand Division, attended for the purpose of performing the usual ceremonies of initiation; at the conclusion of which the former gen tleman delivered a short and effective discourse on the great influence such institutions exerted in arrest ing the .tide ofjcrime and misery inflicted on the world by the demon of intemperance,” Ballarat not only possesses skilled artisans in gold, but furnishes elegant materials other than gold for personal decoration. At Mr A A Haul's shop, in Sturt street, we notice that crystallised quartz from the Prince of Wales Company’s claim, beautifully out and polished in Melbourne, has been mounted in brooches and earrings by Ballarat workmen in Balla rat gold. Similar mountings in gold have bfeen made of the quondong, or native peach, and in blackwood, in the shape of earrings, buttons, and lockets. The .trophies won at the late Geelong regatta by the Ballarat Club Maiden Four will be presented to the crew to-night at eight o’clock, by the secretary of the club, at the Gem hotel. The cups, which are very handsome, were made by Mr W. Edwards, of Mel bourne, and can now be seen at the above-mentioned hotel. The detectives (says the Age) have been continuing their investigation into the mysterious circumstances of Mrs Gallogly’s death, and it is generally understood that a considerable amount of information has been obtained. It is expected that fresh light will be thrown on the matter when the adjourned enquiry is resumed. Many suppositions are current about this remarkable affair, but probably without any founda tion in fact. The detectives, for obvious reasons, are very careful in preventing the result of their enquiries from getting abroad. It may be mentioned that a number of dogs were kept on the premises, and they would be likely to have given the alarm had any stranger attempted to enter the building. This seems to point to the crime having been committed by some person acquainted with the place. A case of sunstroke, which in all probability will terminate fatally, occurred at the Spencer street rail way station on Thursday afternoon. The Argus says:—“The sufferer is a man known as James Butler.' He was at work all day at the goods sheds, but nearly all the time exposed to the sun. About 5 o’clock he began to feel faint, and he got rapidly so bad that it was thought advisable to remove him to the Melbourne Hospital. By the time he was received into that institution he was in a state of coma, and exhibited all the most dangerous symptoms of sun stroke. Butler is a single man about'42 years of age. Very little is known about him, as he was only taken on at the goods sheds two days ago. During the day he drank nothing but water, and suffered so much from the heat that ho was unable to take any food." Mr Daw, postmaster at Sebastopol, informs us that, in the event of the English mail arriving during the day, he will keep the post-office open till ten o’clock at night for the delivery of letters. The flag will be hoisted as usual. The prizes won at the late meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association were distributed at the Town-hall, Melbourne, on Thursday evening, by his Excellency the Governor. Notwithstanding the extreme heat, a large number of ladies and gentlemen occupied the balconies and witnessed the unusual spectacle with much interest. It was estimated that 1400 volunteers were present, as the whole of the city and suburban corps were represented. After a brief address from Colonel Anderson, the colonel commandent, the hon. secretary of the association read a report giving some interesting information respecting some of the averages made ■ at the late meeting. His Excellency delivered a short speech, in which he expressed the deep interest he had always felt in .the volunteer rifle' contests, and the gratification it gave him to be in any way instru mental in promoting the success of the movement. The prizes were then distributed amidst great cheer ing. Our local correspondent writes:—“A meeting of the delegates to the Smythesdale District Weights and Measures Union was held at the Smythesdale Borough Council Chambers on Friday afternoon, when the secretary to the union, Mr R. Kelland, was instructed to get the inspector’s appointment sealed with the seal of each of the corporations constituting the union) so as to remove any doubt that existed as to the legality of the mode in which the inspector had been appointed.” The Geelong dialect, it seems, has reached as far as Maryborough. Describing a capsizing of Dr Laid man from his buggy, the Advertiser says;—“He was picked up by Mr J. Evans, who happened to be pas-. sing at the time, but was fortunately not seriously injured. He fell on his right shoulder, which was much bruised, and sustained some abrasions on the hands and knees, the trousers being cut through.” Th & Herald of Friday says:—“An extensive coal field, situated about 20 miles south of the Bass River, has just been discovered by.a gentleman in Melbourne, and will be at once worked by him and a few specu lators. -The seams are extremely thick, and being near the sea, with good shipping accommodation, can bo easily and profitably, worked. Only yesterday the Government granted a-lease for the land.”' Wo (Ilerald) are in a position to state that the re cent falling off in the traffic receipts of the Victoriai} | Railways is solely dueto the system • which has ob tained lately of havingsheep travelled to town in the old style instead of by rail. Now that grass and water, are to he had in abundahcej aud the wool being in the majority of ; cases removed from the animals’ backs, flockowners, to effect a saving, prefer the old. style of sending their sheep to-market., To meet these flockowners half-way, - arrangements have been completed-by the,Railway Department for reducing the freight per truck from Echuoa to Melbourne from £5 5s to £4loa,'the reduction to continuein force during the months of January and February .-next. A new post-office"will be open on Ist January, at Clark’s Hill, Bungaree. The mail from, Ballarat will be despatched at 7 a,m. for the above place daily. An entertainment was given last Tuesday in connec tion with the Golden Point Band ; of Hope... The amusihg'ahd instructive Temperance drama, “ The trial of Sir Timothy Traffic," was recited by the Mount Pleasant Band of Hope and Temperance So ciety, in a most successful manner. The proposed athletic sports at Creswick, on Boxing-day are .creating considerable excitement in the locality. Bird, the champion of England, and Jonny Collins, the Tasmanian youth, with their : .trainer, the:, celebrated Harry ; Stephens, of Manchester, have been at Creswick since Mon day. Bird -has been taking his three mile breath ings, and judging by his style of going seems in first rate form. , Collins .has also been doing his 300 yards in a manner tolerably satisfactory to his trainer. The two Clarkes have also been taking their gallops over the hurdles of an evening, and seem in good form. ■ The following sporting intelligence is from last night’s Herald:- —“ The attendance at Goyder’s cool lounge was moderate, and the betting equally so. The prices which we append will give our readers an idea of the state of the betting market;-we give them, however, with this saving clause, that they are 1 offers to lay ’ rather than * taken;’ nevertheless they afford an idea of the market price of the horses entered. Double event betting has lulled for a time, biit in right out betting the Pearl was fancied for the Mid-. summer Handicap at 5 to 1, that being the price offered on the field.. _For the ‘jumps.’ Darkie, and nothing but Darkie, was talked of. Hurdle Race—3 to 1 agst Darkie, 4 to 1 agst Royston, 5 to 1 agst Fair Nell, 5 to 1 agst Moscow, 5 to 1 agst Hotspur, 6 to 1 agst Browney, 7 to 1 agst Maid of the Mist, 7 to 1 agst Potatoes, 7 to 1 agst Middy Ashore, 8 to 1 agst States man, 8 to 1 agst Miss Constance, lO.tol agst Ben Bolt, 10 to 1 agst Squatter. Steeplechase—4 to 1 agst Naroisse, 4to 1 agst Reindeer, 4to 1 agst The Monk, 5 to 1 agst Darkie (Mr Bowes’), 6 to 1 agst Vulcan. We are very glad to record that that celebrated racer, Javelin, has entirely recovered from the effects of his accident, is healthy in appearance, and is in fine con dition. He is to be put to work in order to prepare ■ him for his Randwick engagements, and it is to be hoped he will be well, enough to run at the. next Bathurst races.” The Bendigo Advertiser reports Mr David Blair's lecture at the Lyceum Theatre on “Spiritism.” ■ It appears to have been a scholarly essay, full of historical research. The lecturer holds that Spiritism is a sign of decaying faith in Christianity,-ofa want of vigilance in the church, and of the approach of a brighter , era of intelligent faith. Our advertising columns announce that the first United Temperance Boxing-day Fete will be held in the Show-yards of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, near Lake Wendouree. A multitude of sports are to be provided for the amusement of the people expected to attend. , : _Mr Bardwell’s art gallery, Sturt street, will be open tins evening as usual. The drawing for the art union will be held on 28th December. Mr Alex. Kelly will offer for sale by - auction, at Craig’s hotel, at two p.m. to-day, the booths for the Caledonian Gathering on New Year's-day. Mr Dyte will offer for sale, at the North Grant hotel, the bootha for the fire brigade display on the Oval on New-year’s day. The booths for the Sebastopol New- Year’s fete will .be sold by Mr Carty at his rooms at two p.m. - !■ The Christmas-day peformance of the, Ballarat Har monic Society this year will be Sampsou,”. which is to be produced with every’ attention to choral and instrumental effect. The, vocal solo parti are to be entrusted to various competent members of the society. ; On Boxing-night the Theatre Royal will be re opened by an old favorite, Mr Stuart O'Brien, aided by Mr Lachlan M'Gowan, Mr J. Anderson, Mr H. N. Douglas,- Mr H. Leonard, Mr H.-J. Daniels, Mr T. Ford, Mr H. Wimbledon, Mrs Lachlan M'Gowan, and Mrs Charles. Jones. The company is known, as of the Princess’, Melbourne. On this occasion will be pro duced the “sensation” drama played in Sydney and Melbourne, entitled “Foiled; or, Australia Twenty Years Ago.” Real steam is to be, introduced in the saw- mill scene. 