Legislative Conaeil WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4. The Speaker took the chair at 4 pm. QUALIFICATION OF MEMBERS The Hon. tfie Coloxiai SEcnETinr in quired about tiie progress of tlie Select Committee appointed to consider ihe Fran chise and tiie Property- Qualification of JMenibers. Mr. Steebe said Uiat in consequence of the large amount of Committee business heliad had to perform, he found it im possible to consider that question at pre sent, hat at the next meeting of the Council he would present the Report of the Com inirtee, without fail NOTICES OF MOTION. The following notices of motion were given : — By Mr. McKul— I beg leave to move that I shall ask to-morrow if there is any reply to my proposition for the placing of one or more of the A. S. N. Co.'s steamers on the coast, or if that proposition has been recognized. By Mr. Shenton— To move that this Council, having had under its considera tion a despatch from the Secretary of Slate, enclosing a letter from the widow of the late Peter Broun, asking for some pecuniary allowance, is of opinion that Mrs. Broun has no claim on the colony for any such assistance, and there are no funds available for that purpose. The House then went into committee on. the 14 VICTORIA No G. Mr. Dkummoxd — When, on Wednesday last he asked permission to withdraw the Bill he had introduced, he was in con siderable doubt as to whether he would bring it forward again, reflecting upon the dire results which would follow from it ? according to what had fallen from the Hon. the Colonial Secretary and the Hon. the Attorney-GeneraL He had made al terations in the Bill he now brought forward, as he had no desire whatever to take any power from the Governor. He would not again repeat what he bad already said on this subject He believed that ihe Bill, as amended, would prove a remedy for what he considered a great injustice under the 14 ^Victoria No 6 According to the Holes and Regulations given to ticket-of-leave men, if they have been guilty of any offence and*have been convicted thereof before one or more Justices ofthe Peace, their ticket is fliere upon revoked. His object was that a similar course of proceeding should be pursued in cases of immoral and disorderly conduct. Tlie information regarding such matters is ahrays, or nearly so, recdvd through the police, and he contended that the magistrates in the districts were much more competent to judge of a man's con duct than either tlie Governor or the Couiptrollor-Gcneral. at-igistrates nonr sent men down for ofiences of a disorderly and immoral nature, but he could not say whether they had that power or not, yet it is done. He would read Ms amendments. After die word ' sliull' the clause shallrcad thus: — - Be lawful for tlie said Governor to revoke the iicket-of-lc:ive of any convict, for any immoral or disorderly conduct, who shall have been duly heard in his defonce upon the charge preferred against liim by one or more Justices of tiie Peace for the said colony, who sliall make a report inn-riling lo the said Governor of t!ie nature of such charge. Clause ?2.~ It shall be lawful for any one or more Justices of the Peace to hear aud determine any such charges of hnnioral conduct preferred against any iicketof lcave holder ; aud he or they are hereby empowered and directed to make a, report in writing as aforesaid.' He would add a 'few inoro words. In many instances where m«n v.-sre convicted aud sent to the Establishment for a certain time, additional punishment had been imposed upon them by tlie Comptroller General, which he thought very unjust. The Hon. the Colonial SccEETAnr had already given his opinion on this Bill, and he saw no reason to retract anylhin'' he had said on that occasion. The same'oh jectiouable matters were now before them only in a different shape. The Governor has now the power to revoke the ticket of any -icket-of-leave man on Hie report of the magistrate, or indeed of any other person. He would not object to the clauses, because they only enact what is now done shall still be done. Mr. Dudsimoxd — One of the clanses he suggested gives the -man an opportunity of being heard in his defence. Mi-. Bnowx considered that the whole subject ofthe 14 Viet. No. 6 was one with which the colony had uo right to interfere. The 14 Viet. No. 6 was introduced hy the express command of the Imperial Govern ment and as the COSt of maintaining tb.0 convicts was borne by the Imperial Go vernment, he contended they had no right to interfere with their control and manage ment. The ticket-of-leave man was only a convict at large, and the power that granted license could revoke it on a charge of immoral or disorderly conduct. He had no doubt the hon. member for Toodyay had the very best intentions in bringing forward the Bill, but it would not only prove ineffectual, bnt place in the hands of magistrates more power over ticketof leave men than they possessed before. The hon. member for Toodyay contended that the magistrates had the best means of knowing the character of ticket-of-leave men in their district There he was mis taken. The Comptroller- General kept in. his office a record of the conduct of every ticket-of-leave ma-n^ and is therefore well acquainted witii -t?« history. As fas as practicable, he was in favor of a ?'»' being heard on his trial before imprison ment, but it might happen that could not be done. It sometimes occurred in the case of a free man;, he is arrested on a warrant and is committed to prison, and may remain there days before he is heard in liis defence, and after all he may prove to be an. innocent person. The same thing might happen with a ticket-of-leave man. He would oppose the Bill, because it would be inoperative, and was no improvement on the existing BilL Mr. Newman was not present tiie other night when the debate on this question took place, but he saw a good deal of it in the papers. He concurred generally in the remarks tliat had fallen from the hon. member, Mi*. Brown, but he contended ! lliat the police should report the conduct j of ticket-of-leave men direct to tiie magis | trate, and not to the Comptroller-GeneraL i A policeman might have some animosity | against a ticket-of-leave man, and by j reporting Jiim to the Comptroller-General could liave his ticket revoked. If he re ported the matter to tlie magistrate he (the magistrate) had power to summon the man befui-e him. The Hon. the Counftu. Seceetaey said the hon. member for Fremantle was in error in supposing ,tuat policemen com niuuieaiud with the Comptroller-GeneraL Ttie usual coarse vms to report to the magistrate. . ? . . ._. Mr. Logue had not heard anything to induce him to change bis opinion. If the Bill passed it would place the power now vested in the Governor in. the hands of the magistrates. The mode of proceeding, as suggested by the hon. member for Toodyay, was only to make the convict element more cumbrous. Sir. DmrsiMOjfD denied that the coarse he suggested rendered the proceedings more cnmbrous. If a ticket-of-leave man ?was charged with immoral and disorderly conduct he would be tried, and if found guilty his ticket would be revoked. Mr. Newman said that if the Comptrol ler-General received his information of a ticket-of- leave man's conduct through the Superintendent of Police, that officer would receive it from a policeman, and a police man, actuated by bad feelings, could easily tramp up a charge. Hence it wasobvious all complaints should come through the magistrate. Mr. Steere— The Bill, as first brought in, vras objectionable, as it took away certain power which ought not to have been touched, and which was not in tended by the introducer, and place it in the hands of subordinates. Magistrates deal with grave cases, and it is never supposed that in so doing they interfere . . with the power of the Governor ; much ^ less would they do so when they are called upon to deal with minor offences — such as charges of immoral and disorderly conduct By this Bill a ticket-of-leave man would be heard in his defence, and in a very recent case it was understood that the man was not heard in his defence. He was in favor of the BilL Mr. Bbowjt contended that the Comp troller-General had the best means of knowing the character and conduct of ticket-of-leave men. The hon. member for Toodyay was desirous of- conforming to the existing law, and in so doing only make the convict machinery more cum brous. Mr. Deummoxd differed with 5£r. Brown that the Comptroller-General had the best means of knowing the character of men in the districts. The Comptroller's know ledge did not extend one mile beyond Perth! Mr. Brown said that no Governor would not revoke a man's ticket, no more than a magistrate, without just cause. Mr. Guix said that the Bill had engaged a good deal of the attention of the House. The proposal of the hon. member for Tood yay was straightforward and intelligible. It was to allow every man to be heard in his defence before being punished. The clauses were then put to the House and carried by a majority of 1, there being 8 ayes and 7 noes. Mr. Dbuiimoxd moved that Section 25 of the Ordinance 14 Viet.- No. 6 be struck out. The Hon. the Colonial SECRETABr was surprised at the proposal of the hon. member for Toodyay. In introducing the Bill, the hon. member disclaimed any intention of taking any power oat of the hands of the Governor, yet at the very last moment he proposes to effectually do so by striking out the clause referred to. He must certainly protest against such a pro ceeding, so that the House should have time to consider the effect of the hon. gentleman's motion. He took little part in the debate, because the additions pro posed by the hon. gentleman did not aitect the principle of the Bill : it merely said what is haw shall be law ; bat the proposal to strike out the clause referred to would have the ill effects which he spoke about so strongly the other day. Mr. Dnoinioxn had no desire whatever to take any power out of the hands of the Governor. He would therefore act upon the advice of the Hon. the CoL Secretary, and withdraw his motion. PETITION OF MRS. PETER BROUN. Mr. Shexton moved his notice of motion that Mrs. Peter Broun had no fil^im on tliig colony for assistance. ? The Hon. the Colonial Secbltaby se conded the motion, which was put and carried nem. con. THE SURVEY DEPARTMENT. Mr. Dbommosd moved his notice of motion nffirrninfr that the sum of £5,974 for the Survey Department was only for a period of six months. Mr. Brown moved that the words ' until such further date the Council may be called together,' be substituted. The Hon. the Colonial Seceetaby was of opinion that there was no occasion for an ainpnfimpTifj as the Council would probably meet again in about 6 months. Mr. Dbcjimoxd said there was no necessity for the amendment, as the Government were in possession of funds which would prevent the machinery of the Survey Department from stopping The Scbveyob General understood the vote should continue until such time as the Council met again. ? Mr. Sieebe — The hon. member for Toodyay ?would not like the Government to have the money in their hands to spend it as they like. He was in favor of the motion of the hon. member for Toodyay. The Hon. the Coloxiai. Secretary said there was very little doubt that the Coun cil would meet in June or July. Mr. Bnowx urged the Council to have faith in the Government, and consent to the passing of his motion. The motion was put and carried. THE CONVICT SYSTEM. Mr. Sieebe moved his resolution relative to the management of Convicts as follows : — That rtiis Council is of opinion that the dnal system of management of the convicts at present existing, acts prejudicially to fhe interests of- the colony, and that it would be advantageous both to the Imperial and Colonial Governments if some Mr and equitable arrangement could be arrived at, whereby the expenditure on Convicts should be handed over to the colonial authorities. Mr. Steere said that the present dual system of Government with regard to the Convicts acted most prejudicially to the interests of the colony, and did not operate advantageously to the Imperial Government. The hon. gentle man then gave several instances to bear i him ont in his assertions. He would, I however, object to a lump sum being | received on account of the Convicts, as he would be very much afraid it would be ; spent quicker than was desirable. He . would propose that the Imperial Govern ment — on this colony taking over the j Convicts — should pay to the colony such J sum as it now costs them for the control and management of the Convicts. He thought that if an equitable arrangement was proposed it would meet with the concurrence of the Home Government. Mr. HcKau. considered that in any such arrangement particular care should be seen that the wives and children of .such men should become chargeable to the Imperial Government. Mr. Newman thought that the simplest ?way would be for the hon. member for 'Wellington to move an address to TTis Excellency the Governor on the subject. Perhaps the Hon. the Colonial Secretary could inform them whether the Home Government had expressed any opinion on the subject. The Hon. the Colonial Secbetvby did not at first intend fairing any part in the debate. He might however say that the whole question had engaged bis attention for some considerable time past, and that certain proposals that he had made on the question were now nnder the consideration of the Government. He fully concurred in the motion of the hon. member for Wellington, but there were connected with it many matters that called for serious consideration, and the one mentioned by the hon. member for Albany was one of the difficult questions. He would advise that an address be presented to the Governor, embodying the views of the House on the subject. Sir. Seeebe — The hon. member for Fremantle had been answered by the Hon. the Colonial Secretary. He would move ih-.Lt tin address be presented to the Governor. Mr. Bbown supported the views of the hon. member for Wellington Mr. Sbextoit was in favor of the pro posal of the hon. member for Wellington. He considered when the arrangement was being entered into the conduct of tJie I Home Government in not keeping faith with the colony in receiving Convicts should not be lost sight of. Mr. Steebe moved — ''That a humble address be presented to His Excellency, the Governor requesting that he will forward the foregoing resolution to Her Majesty's Secretary of State, with a request that he will favorably consider the same.' The resolution was put and agreed to. WILD HORSES AND CATTLE. Mr. Phtxxxps moved the second reading of a Bill to abate the nuisance caused by wild horses and cattle. The bill was postponed in consequence of the Hon. the Attorney General being en gaged in the Supreme Court. LOCAL EOAD BOARDS. Mr. Steebe moved that the Report of the Local Road Boards be read. The hon. gentleman said the committee had done their best to render the Report a workable measure, though since it has been framed he had heard several suggestions or improve ments made. The Hon. the Colonial Seceetaby said it was an invidious task to find fault with the labors of seven men who had done their work well, in order to produce a useful measure, yet he could not give a Report his Consent in which he saw objections ; and he would not be doin? his duty were he not to point them oat. The hon. gentleman com plained that the committee, in apportioning the money throughout the eolony, forgot to set a certain sum apart for a Stone Crasher, which was coming oat Tlie hon. gentleman then proceeded to point out many objection able suggestions in the Report, especially the right of placing gates across main lines and minor lines of road; the fine for not erecting gates, and the fine for leaving gates open ; the mode of election, &c; He urged the committee to take his objections into consideration. Mr. Steebe did not consider the commit tee infallible, and he never supposed that they could introduce a perfect measure ; he could only say that every care had been bestowed on a difficult subject, and they (the committee) did their utmost to intro duce a workable measure. - Mr. Beown replied at considerable length to the objection of the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, and supported the Report that had been brought up by the committee. The House then adjourned until 8 p.m. The Speaker took the chair at 8 p.m. The discussion on the Local Road Boards Report was resumed. The Sdbveyob Genebal supported the views of the Hon. the Colonial Secretary. Mr. Dbu313ioxd objected to any member of a Road Board Committee having a contract. Mr. Newman concurred in the views expressed by Mr. Drummond. Mr. Shextox said if members of the committee were not allowed to take con tracts, the best men would be prevented from tendering. Mr. Leake drew the attention of mem bers to the feet that they were not in com mittee of the whole House, and members who bad spoken once must be satisfied. Mr. Phillips was in favor of members of the committee being allowed to take contracts. Mr. Harmon considered the difficulty might be got over respecting contracts taken by members of the committee without their resigning; thus, when a member of the committee tendered for any work, he should not be present when his tender was being considered, nor should he take any part in approving work that had been done in pursuance of his tender. Mr. Logue said that snch a plan as that suggested by Mr. Marmion was adopted in his district, and it was' found to work welL ' Mr. Moxgee — Supposing all the mem bers of the committee tendered, how was the business of the committee to be carried oat? PUBLIC WORKS. Mr. Sieebe had promised to introduce that evening a Bill relative to public works, but as all the legal gentlemen were engaged in the Supreme Court, he could not get it drafted. He would bring it forward at the earliest possible opportunity. THE ESTIMATES. Medical Establishments — £2,088 5s. The Hon. tiie Colonial Secbetaey did not intend going over the old battle-ground of the forage, as he saw hon. members had laid it down as a principle that £50 should be the amount for forage. He considered they were exceedingly wrong, and he totally and entirely objected to it, and only on the understanding that that principle had been adopted lie altered the amount of forage to the Colonial Surgeon to £50, instead of .£06 18s. 4d. Mb. Newman inquired who was the Health Officer. The Hon. the Colonial Secbetabt — Dr. JJickey. Mr. Newman — -What are the duties? The Hon. the Colonial Secbetaby — They are denned by the Acts of Council. Mr. Newman — In. these Estimates the great fault he had to find was that they were not explicit enough. A stranger taking them up would see two items, out would not learn that one person drew both. It should be clearly stated in every case. In the present instance the Assistant Colonial Surgeon receives .f'200, and the Health Officer £75, bat both offices were filled by one man. He was almost inclined to propose that the item £75 be struck out. The Hon. the Colonial Secbetaby con curred in principle with what had fallen from the hon. member from Fremantle, but in this colony it could not be adopted. The Magistrates in the colony held two offices — one was Custom Honse Officer .and the other Judicial — and until the colony could afford to pay two men, things would have to remain as they are. He considered it most desirable to encourage medical men, but the colony did not offer any inducement to them. He did not consider £275 any large sum for the amount of work done by Dr. Dickey. In fact, there was often a great saving to the colony by amalgamating the departments, and tiiis was the case in the medical, in Fremantle. The Fremantle Lunatic Asylum secured the services of two medical men for .£37 10s. per flmniti Mr. Newman made a similar objection to the items for the Surgeon and Health Officer at Albany. The Hon. the Colonial Seceetaby — One reason why it was not done was that the Surgeons in Bunbury, Vasse, &c;, who now did the duties, would consider they were entitled to a similar amount of pay for performing them. Mr. Newman — That is the very reason that he moved that it should be shewn what a man was receiving, and the duties he was discharging. Mr. Steebe inquired who was the Surgeon in the Northam District. The Hon. the Colonial Secbetaby said there was none. They could not get one for the money. Police — ^12,732. Gaols— £180. Rottnest— £832 10s. Government Printer. — £972. The Hon. the Colonial Secbetaey said that he found tl&t; the amount on the Estimates for this department was too low. He considered that this would become one of the most efficient departments nnder the Government. Considering the great increase in printing, caused by the proceed ings of the Council, it was found necessary to increase tike quantity of type, and he would add on that account £120 to the Estimates. Some of the type now in use had been worked for 14 or 15 years. The amount for this department would then be £973, instead of .£852. That is aU that would be required at present, but in the course of some time an increase in salaries would be expected. _^ Poor House — £337. Inspectors of Sheep — £1,200. EDUCATION. The Hon. the Colonial Sbcbetabt said that this last item was one which he pre sumed would give rise to discussion; at present he intended to add nothing in moving the sum of £5,097 18s. 4d. for education, farther than that the salary of the Secretary of the Board of Education would be fixed at £200 instead of £300, and the horse allowance for the Inspector of Schools be reduced from £06 18s. 4d. to £50. He would be prepared to offer any explanations that may be required, and to answer any objections Lliat ini^ht be raised. After some conversation, it was agreed to first take the item. GRANT TO ROMAN CATHOLIC SCHOOLS IN PERTH AND FRE MANTLE— £500. Mr. Newman objected to the proposed grant entirely. He did not ask who it was for. It was given, he would say. to A, B, and C He would only call the * atten tion of the House to the speech of the Hon. the Colonial Secretary some weeks since, in the course of which he pointed out the state of public feeling on this matter, and referred to an observation of a friend of his, who said he conld not see what all the | discussion was about, and that all the religion he thought necessary was to ' love the Lord thy God with thy whole heart, thy whole soul, and thy whole mind, and thy -neighbor as thyself' and in those sentiments the Hon. the Colonial Secretary expressed bis entire concurrence. He was, therefore, astonished at the hon. gentle ; man's proceediugs, and certainly could not ;in any way reconcile his conduct in '.coming to that House after that declara ition and asserting that the grant now ?before them was advisable, and that A, B, and C Ehould receive the sum of £500 ! neither conld he reconcile that proposal with the conduct and tone of the hon. gentleman, when the hon. member for Perth presented a Petition from the same body to the bate Legislative Council. He thought he (the Colonial Secretary) would have done and acted differently, and would not have proposed the scheme then before them. The hon. the Colonial Secretary was evidently trying to please everybody. The hon. the Colonial Secretary had framed the Estimates to please everybody. The Colonial Secretary was not the first gentleman who tried to please everybody, and, as a consequence, the result was disappointment. The proposal now before the House was to establish Denominational Education, call it by what same you like. Denominational Education, he might say, was against the feelings of the whole world. He would like to see the colony take a step forwards, not one back wards. But the Denominational Grant was beginning at tike wrong end by com mencing at Hie small end, and going upwards. However, this agitation, this dissatisfaction, come from what quarter it may; — from Christians, Jews, or Gentiles — -has one common origin. It is a desire to gain power, position, and influence, on the one hand, and money on the other. Those who get up, and keep up the agitation, when they assert they cannot do a certain thing, mean they will not do it. That is their position, and it is not the manners of Englishmen, at all events. It is not a question of what doctrine shall be taught, but it is one made up of money. Only grant a certain sum, say £1,000 or £100, thereby that gives them power, and prestige, and influence to get niore. The whole question is made up of money, and the cloven -foot is visible, come from what quarter it may. It has been said ' don't let ns have *!'« agitation, this discussion of religious matters ;' that simply meant — ' stand and deliver!' It is a solecism — only grant a certain amount and it will be the oppor tunity of demanding more. The mere force of numbers ought not to have any influence in tliis matter; numbers have gone into the field of battle, and numbers have won victories, but it cannot be contended that those were right or just battles. The force of numbers on many occasions ought not to win. It was so here. The hon. the Colonial Secretary had calculated the grant as 4. is to C, so is a certain amount to some other amount. That, he denied, was not the principle that should guide them in distributing j grants of public money. He would, oppose the grant, come from whatever denomi nation it might. He was, it was true, a member of the Church of England, and he was so because he considered it was the most liberal church, but he would secede from it to-morrow if he found in it doctrine of sectarianism. He was, however, a lukewarm partizan of any denomination, and lie considered all that was required to learn was to 'love God, and your neighbor as yourself,' and as to teaching specific doctrines to children whose minds were lil«» so many blank sheets of paper, he had solid objections to anything of the kind. When denomina tions ask for money for the purpose, they ask for power and influence. It was the tegis of tiie religious difficulty. It was so from the day of Peter the Hermit until our own day. He would object to any grant of this description. Mr. McKatl— The Hon. the Attorney General bad, on a former occasion, thrown out some hints on this question, which he would avail himself of. He was in favor of secular education, but if some of our fellow colonists objected to the present system and required a separate grant to support them, they ought to guarantee no Protestant child was taught in them. Denominational Educa tion tended to foster the bitter jealousies of tbe old country. He maintained that every man's religion was between himself and bis God. He thought the only fair system of education would be a national system. He would not support the present grant, because it was for a Denominational School. Mr. Busseh, was not in iavor of the grant. The children of the Roman Catholics could receive a plain, simple education in the Government Schools as well as the children of other denominations. The Scripture Lessons had been framed specially to suit the objection of the Roman Catholics. It bad been said that no demand would be made after this Governor's reign. That was a sop. - If they once got what they demanded they would be as greedy as ever. In the colonial schools in Bunbury and Guildford the Catholic children had taken the first prizes. This was almost an Irish question, and the Irish were dogmatical and uncom promising. He conld form an opinion of the present state of feeling in Europe, when the young Duke of Genoa had been sent to Oxford to learn the latin and Greek, and reform bis manners — in that school of man ners. The Bible was taught in the school, bat it was not brought into the school bound in calf, but in the Scripture Lessou form. He thought some prayer might be agreed upon before beginning school and on closing it. He would suggest the Lord's Prayer, and some portion of St. Paul, which is used in their Church. ' They were prayers to which even a Mussulman would not object. Holding these sentiments be could not favor the present scheme. Air. Newsias omitted to give one strong reason against the Hou. the Colonial Secre tary's scheme. It was this, that he would defy the lion, gentleman to shew that- auy public body, when once they £Ot what they asked for, were ever satisfied, and he would give tbe hon. gentleman a long range; from giving a 'Jollvpop' throughout all history, and he (the Colonial Secretary) would tail to adduce a single instance. The Hon. the Attobitey Geseuaj. w;is of opinion that secular education was all that was required for tbe colony. But as grants were given to the various denominations, to the Church of England, Wesleyuns,- ? ? Voices— Kb ! .No ! The Hon. the Attorkey. G£xebal — Well, he was in error, bat still lie maintained a system cf secular education was the best. The hon. gentleman then referred to tbe divisions iu the Christian world as a scandel. lie contended that all these differences were brought about by nice points of doctrines. He referred to the separation between the Western and Eastern Churches as an «i i ample. The Nicene creed, and the doctrine of the Filioque, caused that separation. It I was a point to which the human intellect . could not reach. It was not in. the Apostles' I creed, nor could any one understand the pro I cession of the Father and Son from the Holy . Ghost. It was a subject beyond the hrnnan | grasp. Yet it was adopted by the Western i Church, by the Pope of Rome, and caased ! the separation between the Western and tbe i Eastern Churches. All such doctrines owed j their origin in the sublimity of the human mind. How could snch doctrines be incul cated in schools ? Again, take the Sacra ment. How could they tell t!;3t transmu tation took place ; it v.ms beyond the human ' mind to understand, yet they look tlie Sacrament as a commemoration of the '? last Supper. He might bethought speaking . against tlie tenets of the church to which lie j belonged, yet he must say these nice points . of doctrine were the stumbling block in tlie , way of religion. The hon. gentleman then referred to the Philosophers and the Athen ians of whom St. Pan! spoke ; and declared his belief in a secular system of education, j but as they endowed one sect in this colony, ' endow another. The Church of England j was endowed (No ! No I 2vo !) I The Hon. the Attoexey Genebal — . What 2iv the schools, then ? Voices — Undenominational. : The Hon. the Attoeney General — There is some doctrine taught — What is it ? i Mr. Shekton. — History. ! Mr. Bussell. — Such portions of the Bible as are agreed to. The Hon. the StTEVETOE General con sidered it would be an act of injustice to agree to any such item as was sow before the Council. Mr. Steebe looked upon the proposal as nothing more nor less than Denominational Education, and he was much surprised the Government had brought forward a proposal to give £300 for that purpose. He would like to see the matter settled then, rather than leave it as a bone of contention, and had a different plan been brought forwaid, he was confident members would have given it their support. He believed the Roman Catholics bad ground oi complaint, and they gave the best possible proof of their sin cerity in their refusing to send their children to tbe Government Schools, aud in putting their hands in their pockets and supporting their own schools. When he first came to the Council he mentioned a scheme of edu cation he would support. It was: Say where 30 children could be assembled, that school should be entitled to Government support ; — that tbe school should be under tbe control of the local boards ; — that there should be a time-table conscience clause; — that the books should be approved by the General Board of Education —that such schools should not be held in churches or chapels; — that the salary of the teacher should be paid thns : — one-third by the Board, one-third by results, and one-third from attendance. If this plan were adopted, it would prove a great saving to the colony. He would vote against ike present grant, because it was purely Denominational Edu cation. The Hon. the Colokiai. Secretary came quite prepared to hear considerable discussion on t be proposed grant of £500 for the support of the Roman Catholic Schools in Perth and Fremantle, and he was also quite prepared to hear that bis conduct in the matter would be considered inconsistent, but he did not think his conduct, or that of the Goveruincut, was inconsistent in any way. He still was of opinion that tlie Roman Catholics generally had no more ground of complaint than any other denomination. That was an opinion to which lie still adhered, jet he would allow tbat the Roman Catholics bad a certain ground of coin plaint as regards their I'erth and Frcmantle Schools, and lie thought something might be done It was tbe duty of the Government to follow public opinion, and it was clear tbat no change in the present system was desired, yet it was conceived and admitted that something was due to the Roman Catholics. Tbe hon. gentleman then reviewed at considerable length the arguments of the hon. member for Fre niantic, and also tlie observations if tbe bon. member for Wellington. The hon. gentleman did not concur in tbe plan of the hen. member for Wellington, and was of opinion tlmt tlie present system of education was best suited to tbe peculiar circumstances of tlie colour j 5i«d bo fully believed, viewing tlis various opinions of tbe Mouse, tbat any oilier scheme of educa tion would not meet with the concurrence of the House. The hon. gentleman repudiated tbe charge of inconsistency, and defended the pre sent grant on tbe grounds of pesce and good order, justice and economy. Mr. DEirjrilOND concurred with the motion of tbe Hon. llie Colonial Secretary. He would be in Iavor of a sehccid as suggested by tbe lion, member for Wellington, but still lie con sidered tbe present a just grant. In Perth «nd Fremantle there were some 7O0 children being educated, and if they were sent over to the Government they would cost tbe colony much more than tbe £530 it was now proposed to allow. He would support the grant as a temporary measure as long as His Excellency tbe Governor was in tbe colony. He would therefore support the measure uow before the House. Mr. McKaiXi asked how many Protestant children were attending these schools. Tbe Hon. tbe Coloklu. Seceutmky said the namber of children was 673, 75 of wlioin were Protestants. Mr. 3lABino«r, in rising to support the motion of the Hou. the Colonial Secretary that the sum of £500 he placed on tbe Estimates for tbe purpose of enabling tbe Roman Catholics or the towns of Perth and Frcmantle- to educate the children in tbe manner they deemed most essential, felt that be bad an arduous task to discharge, and if (he honorable members who belong to the Church of England, and had spoKen against the grant, feared that their remarks might be looked npon as bigoted and sectarian, how much more reason had he to 1 fear tbat his observations lnigut be viewed in j a s'milar light ? Standing there alone, as be ' did, tbe only member of that communion for which the grant was sought, and though he had little nope it would pass tbat Hoose, yet bis voice in its enpport roigut perhaps be beard longer and stronger, — perhaps when tbe oppo sition of the lion, members shall have been forgotten. The bon. member for Fremantle, he was sorry to say, bad tbat evening- shewn bis sectarianism, and felt himself called npou to cast a slnr upon a portion of bis fellow-colonists [Mr. Kewmak — No, no!j during the remarks he made that evening. In tbe first place the hon. gentleman spoke of them as A, B, and C. Mr. Newiiajt — I beg pardon ; I most rise to explain. I used the term A, B, and C to prevent tbe chance of any such imputation. Mr. Maejuos was fully prepared to answer tbe hon. gentleman, and he must consider tbat as he eat patiently and heard what he (Mr. Newman) bad to say, he must request that though lie felt pained, lie would quietly listen to what he had to say. The hon. geotk-inan (Mr. Newman) accused the Hon. tbe Col. Secretary with inconsistency, because be on one occasion opposed the petition of the Roman Catholics for Gorernment aid, and now supports the measure before the House. Bnt the honorable gentleman must remember that in larger Assemblies, tbat statesmen who have directed tbe destinies of greater nations and more im portant conunnriiiies than those of West Aus tralia, have on many occasions seen reason to change their opinion; hence tbat objection would not bold good for oue moment. The hon. gentleman (Mr. Kcwiuan) said thai the only object tbe sects had in view was to gain money, bnt he would prove, as rogards tbe Roman Catholics, SBcb was not the case, and the best proof of their earnestness aud sincerity was to bo found in the fact that for the past 15 years they have nsriiTii::ii?e.l soliools at thJrown expense. The hou. memoer for l-'i euv.v.jtle sa:.J that all he considered necessary to be taught wa6 ** lo love God ujlh your trhole lio:irt, and your ueh/Iibor rs yoursulf.' Tlu.t was uuetrhic which :i!i Christians ivere desirous cf incul cating, but e:.eh liad its own way of doin^: so. They nil had iWrent vieivs as to how that sltuuU be lnugiil, and because the liooian Ca;ho:ics could not agree with tie State sjstein of inculcating ibus? principles, they were yearly saddled with a heavy oxi-oiidit:ir(.' iu the uj.au tensace of their own schools, iind llio measure before the House to-tiigut was in some slight degree to relieve them of that burden. IK* recollected, however, that the lion, member tor Fremau'Je had said — ' I am not a warja par tiz^n of any rciigouii denomination ' ; therefore he should net be surprised that the hon. gentle man was opposed to all religious teaching. The bon. iiiemUer for Allxiuy said other denominations would have the same claim. lie asked wouid they have tbe same claim ? He answered no ! their numbers are not sufficient. The amount that would or could be set apart for them would be useless iu naaiutahnug a school in any part oi die colony, much less w support Ecliools throngliont the whole colony Tbe hon. member for Freinantfe had said that numbers were not of importance in this matter, bat he differed with tbe bon. gentleman; — ! numbers bad much to do with it, and it was to j nnmbers he (Mr. Newman) cwed his presence | in the House that night. ([Hear, hear, from | Mr. Newman.) He was not vain enough to j suppose that his position would hare been altered, bnt lie could inform the House that when be offered bin self as a representative of tbe people, be ascertained from a number of 1 those wlio bad promised their support to tbe [ hon. gentleman, that did they understand tbe ' matter of education correctly, aud did they i believe that the lt'imiin Catholic claim cuuld '? have been met without injury to tbu present ' system, they would only bave voted lor those i who would support a plan similar to that now Iwfore the House. The hon. member for tbe Vasse snitl that the version of tbe bible had : been altered to meet the Catholic views. \ j .Mr. BiTSSEtt — Kb ; the same Bible is used. i Mr. JJacmiox — Oh! it is tbe same Bible; , I oud^rstood you to say the version was altered , to suit the Catholics. j Mr. Bcssex.1— No, no. I Mr. MiBMION-lbe lion, member for Albany j referred to tiic exainiuatiju of persons receiving ; acadvinical instruction. i JUr. Jlcliin — I never mentioned it. j Mr. Bl-£=eix — I referred to the schools in ' this colony — Vasse aud Guildford — not to tbe ! mother country. Mr. Mahsiiox could not agree with many of tbe remarks tbat bad fallen from tbe Hon. tbe I Attorney-General. Tbe schools here were not | State-schools, and though they were maintained | by funds drain from the pnblic purse, be yet contended they were not State-schools, but Protestant schools. There were two bodies here reeojpiiied as Protestants — Cnurch of Eng land, Wesleyans, Independents, and other Dissenters — and Roman Catholics. Were tlie schools Homau Catholic? Certainly not. It followed as a logical sequence they were Pro testant. [Mr. Bfssell— Yonr logic's bad.] Tbe* whole commuuity were taxed to maintain ihese ssUools, and many parents tvho couM well afford to pay for the education of their children, avail themselves of them. For such persons these schools were never intended. They were established for the purpose of educating the poor man's child, who otherwise would be without instruction. For a large number of children who attend tbe school, their parents conld well afford to pay for their instruction. He was astonished at what bad fallen from tbe bon. member for Wellington respecting Mr. Forster's Bill, which was purely denominational. The Roman Catholics would be glad indeed to see Foreter's Bill introduced here, and if it were, they would ignore tlie grant. As it was, the grant was given to prevent agitation, and though it had been said the Eomau Catholics wonld not be satisfied, yet be would say they wonlt be satisfied, and he did not think there would be a shadow of a chance of its being increased during tbe next 7 or 8 years. He could hardly agree with the Hou. the Colonial Secretary tbat the Koman Catholics had no greater ground of complaint than any other denomination. Tbe Goveniment Schools were very well as fur as they went, but they did not go far enough. With regard to tbe remark of the Hon. tbe Attorney-General, tbat religion could best be taught a child at its mother's knee, be would not diubt it, and tbe world would be happy indeed did it possess such mothers. He considered religion should be the basis of education, as it was by religion tbey would become a credit to the colony, aud be brought up as tbey should be from youth to a ripe state of manhood. Tbe salaries of teachers, purchase of books, school requisites, and build ings, which the liouian Catholics had uow to pay for, was a strong argument why' the grant should be given. But were be to speak until his voice would re-echo from the walls, it would produce no good. He defended the grant, however, because it was pure and simple justice, and because it would in some measure relieve the Iloman Catholics from a heavy yoke they had now to bear. Mr. NEWMAN said one strong reason was given wliy they should privc the grant, and that was that it wonld stop agitation, but be did not believe it would. Only satisfy Charybdis and yon would strike a Scylla. As to Mr. Foster's Bill be beard ic was a complete failure. Mr. STEEBE was much surprised with the Hon. Mr. Newman's remarks about Foster's Bill. Now, everything lie read about it, showed that it wns an admirable measure, and tended in a dircclly opposite way to tbat indicated by Mr. Newman. If Foster's. liill was purely denominational, be would like to know why the Roman Catholics in England protested ajrainst it. Tlie Hon. the CowmAi, Secretary. — It was quite clear from what had fallen from hon. members, flint the course pursued by the Go - vcruincut in not bringing in a Bill was the correct one. Kb Bill on Education in the present stale of feeling would have been passed by the House. The feeling of-tbc colony was in favor of the present system, and that something was due to the Itoman Catholics, Mr. McKaiT; again expressed himself in favor of secular education. Mr. SUEXTO3J was in favor of the plan sug gested by Mr. Steere, and would support such a measure if broufrht forward. Mr. Brows delayed giving bis opinion on tbe question before tbe House until be had beard from bon. members tbeir views on tbe qnestion. He looked upou the matter of edu cation as an important and sacred one, and be was there to support that system of education which he deemed the best, and he thought, from what lie had beard, that tbe proposal of the Government to grant the Iloman Catholic body tlie sum of £500 would be the best method of settling the difficulty. Ho would say tbat be did not come forward to support any measure that lie did not think deserving tbe considera tion of the House, nor did he come forward at I any time to support any measnre that bad been \ introduced by tbe Government. He thonjrht it. j was due to himself, to tbe colony, and to His j Excellency ibe Governor, who placed him there, j to make tbat statement. The Governor did not I know bis opinions, no/ did the Government, and ! he was there to give bis vote on any question j fairly and conscientiously. He was in iavor of I Denominational Education, and be would bave supported each a scheme ns that suggested by tbe bon. member for Wellington, had he j brOHgut it forward. He considered that such J a system of education would be the best And I fairest to all tax- payers. The Roman Catholics had to support their own schools for the lnst 15 years, in addition to paying their fchare towards the Government schools, which be considered very unfair. Tbe lion, gentleman then at con siderable length pointed ont bow such a system conld be made to work in the colony, and con cluded by declaring bis intention to rote for tbe grant to tbe Roman Catholic body. The qnestion was then put to the vote — Ayes, 0. Noes, 11. Barlee, Frssi-r, Walcott, Phillips, Draminoud, Thfe Speaker, Marinion, Stenrnian, Logiie, Moore, Brown. Monger, Gull, Busscll, McKail, Slienton, Slcere. Mr. SnEKTOU moved that the sum of £150. salary of fiisi teacher Boj6* School, be- struck ouf, ns it was not necessary under the new ar rangement. The Hon. tbe Colonial Secretary wonld vote th/.-.t the soul stand. Another master was com ing from England. The Insjx.t'tor of Schools would bave a considerable amount of work to perform, and as soon as the master arrived he would he relieved of tbat duty. Mr. XEWiii5r would vote in favor of the Hod. the Colonial Secretary for once. Mr. Shestox withdrew iiis motion. Mr. Bbowx considered tbe salary of the lusprctor of Schools excessive. The Hou. the Coioxiil Secretary said the l:oii. gcnilfinan did not Uuow »vhat the duties of the Jn5j-ector were. He would explain them. The item passed. ? Total Education £4,581, ins'it-ad oi'£5,-ti7 18*. 4d. The Ug:i. tiie Coioiai SrciiETAEY said that ns thoy had now couijili-tid »l;e whole Oi the Establishments, and though it u;is late, be would make a few remarks thereon, ii.ore parti cularly to shew that the impression uln-oud Ui3t the increase in expenditure timing il.o past tci: years was in E=taWialiinei:ts jiloiie, anil lb»t the Government were ouly intent npon giving salaries to their iriouds, w::s incorrect. Xoiv, jn 1861 the amount lor Establishments tt-as±:3(v3'15; in 1871, £-!S,4i7 4s. 2d.% or an increase oi 40 per cent. The «u:ount txpesiileu exciitfive oi Establishments, in 18iJi, i'2o,512; in 1671, f53,i'12; or an increase of I3U per cent. The tntsl iticrtase in Establishments from 18G1 to 1871, ivus £lG,70i), and this earn was not for increasing the salaries of Govern ment Officers, but for services which the in cre.istd prospei'itj of the cilony dem.ndni. These are the hcais which caused the iiureafe : Government Geologist, £l0O0; 1'ust Ot£co, £1,300; HarUbr Master's DeNartinent, £1000; ; Medical Establishment, £600 ; Printing Esta'o ! lishment. £1000; Scab Inspector, £133); . Education, £3^00; legislative Council, £-250; ' — total £9,450. It wonld therefore be seen ; tbat of the increased sum for Establishments, ; £9,450, was for new service?, and two Deyart i ments alone, during- 1801 and 1S71, for new I -expenses, increased £8030, viz., the LVjHce aud ! Survey Departments. These expenses were necessary, consequent, as be bad said, upon the increased prosperity of tbe colony ; it would be seen further that while the Establishments in creased only £17,000, the expenditure exclusive of Establishments had nearly increased to £63,0(»0. The House then adjourned — 11 p.m. 