COUNTRY NEWS. [From our Country Correspondents.] KEYNETON, AUGUST 28. We have had a most favorable season, and open again are the prospects of the fanners looking bright The young crops look exceed-<*> ingly. and grass will also be plentiful soon. The early-sown arop* in the Murray VUU also look very flourishmg, although oaty one half the usual quantity o? rain has fallen that* this season, and all the creeks an dry; in Cast aewr nut at all this year.—The silver mine has also had a spell for some months, but Ik. lisre a start is to be made again to take at least a?jm*atilvaraatas) has been put in, and I do ■at doubt tbat by proper am? effectual manage. Wtttnason may be gained.—Oar road to sUf* VaSay v in a most fearful state, and it Is MPptisiag that no accidents of any serious MlWii have oosurred, which perhaps is to some ssajpse attributable to the great sobriety of Mt «f the residents. A memorial to Padia ases* praying it to place a Sum of money as a speebl vote on the Estimates, to pat the said load in psssaMw repair, has bean numerously sjgMd, sad it is hoped it will meet with prompt aM—tion. This district not claiminc a grant fn- aid from the Government, a amaU share of tswpabUemoney should not ba refused. ARMAGH, August 29. It is with feelings of the most profound re gret that I record the death of Mrs. MeDiar mid, the wife of Archibald McDiannid, of Aniafh, one of the oldest settlers in the North, who departed this life on Friday, 25th inst. In l?er last sickness she was attended by the Very Ber. Father StreUs 8.J., who administered to her the last sacraments of the Church, which ware received with true Christian resignation. She deceased lady had endeared herself to many by her great charity towards the sack aad poor. Many is the bed of sickness which has been smoothed by her patient and skflful hands. Her mortal remains were interred on Sunday in Clare 4TstfrrHi Oeteteiy, aad were attended to then last restisg place by upwards of 500 persons. Bar funeral was the largest ever seea in the district. WENTWORTH, August 27. On Thursday last, an inquest wai held before the Oaraoer (Mr. W. L. Richardson., P.M.) aad a Jury of five, Mr. W. Patterson, Foreman, at Parra, the station of Mr. James Scott, on the body of Margaret MeHugh, when the fol lowing evidenoe was given :—James Soott, slin-ajf si mi i —The rtnomsnd had been, in, my ser vian about fourteen months previoas to her death. On the evening of Monday last Mrs. Boott informed me that the deceased had par tially lost the use of one arm and lee. Enquired about H, and was told thatdurmgthe day she had complained of a wnmh f«?Kng jn toe neck, and that the same kind of feeling had extended to the arm and leg within about two hours of the time when I was first told of her being ill. During the evening made several enquiries about her, and was told that she thought little of it, and expected it would soon leave her. About half-fast 12 the same might, was called «p by h«x fellowierraat Charlotte HeSenzie, to come aad see danpaaad, as ahe was very ill Got up and went to bar bedroom aad found far in a visry prostrate condition, having lost the USB of both legs and partially of both her tm Remain*! with her the greater part of the night, Saw her after about 8 o'clock on the following (Taesday) morning. She had than lost all sensation and feeling, from her shoulders downwards, and gra dually began to sink, and had a difficulty in In—lliins. About 12 o'clock she got weaker aad weaker, and died in the evening (Tuesday, abdinst.) The remedies which I applied were mustard plasters between her shoulders and on the salves of her legs, with strong purgatives, without any apparent effect. Seat to Went worth for medical aid, aad instructed the mes senger to telegraph to Adelaide, if it was thought necessary; but the deceased died before the messenger returned. On receipt, of the ?««*t«fr"?« from Wentworth, found they ware similar to what I had given. Was led to suppose, from reference to a medical work, that tits symptoms were those of paralysis, and the remedies I used were recommended. Jessie Scott, wife of previous witness, corroborated Us ststomwit Deceased was in their employ ment about 14 months as housemaid. During the whole of that time she never was a day in bed from illness until the previous Monday. Charlotte MeKenrie said when deceased arose on Monday morning she complained of having a strange fading in the back of her neck. About 6 o'clock in the evening she went to wash her sslf, when her band frw*mna numb aad in fi"^ also her arm, shoulder, and leg. A short time after her arm seemed to get better, but in hex leg aad side she had no feeling. At about 11 o'clock the same night she put her feet in hot water and mustard, after which the went to bad. Half aa hoar afterwards heard her crying. Asked her what was the matter. She said, "Fm dying, I'm dying," and asked for a, drink of hot tea, which witnesi gave her, aad placed some hot bricks to her feet. She got worse from that time. Witness called Mr. aad Mrs. Scott. Deceased continued to get weaker until she died, a little after dark on Taesday evening. By the Jury —Never heard her complain before. Had been Bring with her a little over nine months. The Jury, after a abort retirement, found as follows:—" We find from the evidence that the deceased, Margaret McHugh, came by her death from a severe attack of paralysis." The young woman comes from Adelaide, where her rela tions reside. Her remains were buried on Fri day, in the Wentworth Cemetery, a number of persons following.—The Ariel, steamer, came down to-day. At Kinchnga « passenger named William Roberts came on board suffering from ianammation of the lungs, hot daring the pas sate here he died. He wss on his way to ob tain medical assistance. I understand he has been working as a laborer at Kinchuga.—On Taesday last a meeting was held in the Oourt- Houfe, to consider the postal arrangement of this district, bat as the Committee appointed some time ago to prepare a time table, so., had not done so, the meeting adjourned till Friday n&tt; to give them further time. It is to be hoped they will attend to it, as all our corres pondence has to be done on Sunday at present.— The news came down tha Darling last week, of the ssisure of the steamer Jupiter, for carrying spirits, fee., Cor sale, under> fiatittaa biU of lading, purposed to be consigned to Hetsra. A. 'Boss* Co. They repudiated the transaction, and have advertised to that effect. Captain King was fined £30. and all the grog, fee., con fiscated, altogether, 57 cues brandy, 2 qr.-casks rum, and some casks beer. I should think a few more such esses would prove to these gentlemen that, whoever they may be allowed to do, how ever they may break the law on the lower river, they must be more careful up above, when there is a " chiel ""■"£ them talrin' notes," and offi cers that are not afraid to do their duty.—A man was fined £10 at the Police Court this week for supplying grog to the aborigines. It is a great pity that some means are not de vised for putting a stop to the shanties on the river, as the most of them sell the vilest trash under the name of spirit*, and consequently do a large amount of injury to the legitimate trader, who has to pay £30 per annum for bi? licence. It wants a stranger to come amongst us and lay the informa'ions. It would pay him well, as he gets half the fine.—News has come down the Darling by this mail of the discovery of another rich copper mine some where in the Gundabooka Range, at the back of WOeannU. I suppose we shall have more particulars shortly. Some samples of the ore are on the way to A^o'"^" for analysis. EAST WELLINGTON, August 28. The fourth of a series of interesting entertain ments, in aid «f the school funds, was given by the Wellington Literary Society in Mr. Doug las's large room, which the Committee had well arranged for the purpose. The weather being propitious, there was a. huge attendance. Mr. A. Cooke, by nnanimooi consent, occupied the chair. The programme, which was varied with the serious and *iAir*tn"m. was introduced by Mr. Hughes with a reading—" The Conversion of Colonel Quag." given in a very interesting wiMwifT and much appreciated by the audience. A duet—"Nature's Gay Day"—was pathetically discoursed by Miss BurforJ and Mr. Davies. " Ask Mamma," a very droll piece of humor, was read in rather a nervous manner by a timid young bachelor. A sang, "Lorenzo the Brave," was given by Mr. Sands in his usual good style, and was followed by Mr. Davies, who read in a masterly manner Tennyson's "Charge of the Light Brigade." The song "Sorry the Gentle men won't propose" was given by Miss Harslett in such a way as could not faO to make a favor able impression on the minds of those to whom it appealed. After this, a piece entitled •• In memoriam of the late A. L. Gordon, a late M.P. of Victoria,'' was given by our worthy townsman, Mr. W. Lifon. "Chime again beau tiful bells" was beautifully rendered by Miss Sands, with guitaraooompanimentbyMr. Sands. " The Palm Tree," a recitation by Mr. 0.-ofton, given in his accustomed clear and impressive style. This brought the first part of the pro gramme to an end, and after 10 minutes' in terval the proceedings were recommenced with a negro melody in character by Master H. Barslett. Then followed " The Leper," recited with great rinirness, beauty, and expression by Hatter Hughes ; "Home Again," a duet, by Hiss Burford and Mr. Sands, very feelingly dis coursed and much appreciated by the audience ; "The Crew of the Nancy BeD," recited by Mr. Hughes, and creating a good deal of men iment; a dnet, "What are the Wild Waves Saying;" - by Miss Sands and Mr. Sands, one of the gems of the evening; a dialogue, " LochielV Warning," by Mr. Crofton and Mr. Smyth, given in a thorough dramatic style. "My Old Friend John," byJMr. Herbert, given with good voice and expression. Before the pro ceedings dosed, Mr. Davies proposed, and Mr. Davison seconded, a vote of thanks to the lady and gentleman amateurs who had so kindly assisted in the entertainment. After this, on the motion of Mr. Price, a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Cook for presiding -was carried by acclamation. In reply, Mr. Cook remarked th<£ it gave him great pleasure to see the continued auceess that attended these meetings, and expressed a hope that they might continue to be as prosperous for many a long day to come. The National Anthem, by the company, brought a very interesting soiree to a mcoenful close. TWO WELLS, August 29. TJte inconvenience of the teacher's dwelling has for some time past been a source of agita tion, and strenuous efforts are being made to taise subseriptiotis in order to increase the bouse accommodation of the instructor of our youth. . Several meetings have been held upon the sub ject, and on Monday last a deputation waited noon the District Council with a viewto ascer tain to what extent the Council would assist in the undertaking. The Council agreed to allow £50, provided a like sum was railed by private subscription, so that it only now remains for the inhabitants of the district to come forward with their donation*.—On Monday, the Primitive Methodists celebrated the anniversary of their chapel by a tea mestmg, to which. Mesdames Hawkins, Wilson, Donaldson, and Seoomb con tributed trays, and at which Mr. C. Temby, sen,, presided, when Messrs. Grey and Ray mond-made some capital addresses. There was a very numerous attendance, and everything seemed to pass off with the greatest felicity.— Two cricket matches between the Salisbury and Two Wells Clubs having been played, resulting in a victory far each, a last grand struggle for the victory took place at Two Wells on Monday last The weather wasallthatconlabedesired, and some excellent play was shown, especially the batting of Edward Bmith (Two Wells), which received Universal approbation. The Sa4sbury team were, however, no match for the Two Wells cricketers, and were beaten by 135 rams, being, as an eye-witness poetically ex pressed it, most "catawompously chawed up ; they were indeed. 1* Perhaps, such a result was a severe disappointment to Salisbury; if so, let them pick better teams for matches in future.— A grand tea meeting and soiree wfll be held shortly in the Two Wells schoolroom, in aid of the school, when it is hoped the public will liberally support them.—The rain has set in again. GLENBURN, August 29. On Wednesday evening, 23rd instant, Mr. P. Campbell gave his well-known lecture on in temperance. Mr. Christie occupied the chair. The attendance was very good, aad all were well satisfied.—On Monday evening, 28th nut., there waa aa nninnal excitement caused by an Institute entertainment held in the schoolroom. Mr. W. H. RanKne, President of the Talisker Institute, occupied the chair. The attendance was very fair, considering the weather. It is unnecessary to give the programme. Mrs. Ladyman opened the proceedings with an over ture upon the harmonium, accompanied upon the flute by Mr. 0. Colling. Mrs. Ladyman sang several songs, mM tiding " Lovely Night;" Mrs, Lawrence sang various songs very taste fully, including "Gondolier." Of the gen tlemen vocalists Mr. Mussared was again the light of the evening. His song, "Oh have you seen (he ghost," was encored. Mr. Laurence aaag "Just After the Battle." and helped in the chorus "Marchingthrough Georgia." Mr. Tarran sang " Woodman, Spare that Tree," and was enoored. The elocutionist! were nnout, as also were their style and deli very, and all wan very suceessf oL They con sisted of Messrs. W. H. Bankine, B. B. Parlor, Muasared, A. J. Launnoe, L. Banh, J. Eoper, R. Thomas, B, Collins, and J. Goball. The whole concluded with the ghost scene from "Hamlet." The following were the charac ters:-Hamlet, Mr. Laurence; ghost, Mr. R. Master J. Koper; Horatio, Mr. W. Thomas. NARRACOORTE, August 29. The season thus far has been rather a dry one, which is very favorable to the crops on the plains, most ef which are looking re markably well, and promising a good return.— Some of the fanners are beginning to anti cipate difficulties in getting their com away next year, unless tha road or railway to Lace pede Bay ia completed before next harvest.— The election here on Thursday last was rather a tame affair. But little interest appeared to betaken, a great many not caring to vote at all, for what reason I cannot say; perhaps partly because neither of the candidates had addressed the electors at this place; and they generally thought there were six of one and half a dozen of the other.—A great many swag men axe passing here daily on their way to the stations for sheariag, wiiieb will commence in about a fortnight. MATTWnjjTJN&A;, August 2L We hare had a visit from the Rev. Mr. Reid, of Mount Remarkable, who arrived at the mine on the 19th insfc, and held four services one on the evening of his arrival, three on the Sunday, and a lecture on the Monday night. The chapel of this place is a very amall building ! underground—the want of a chapel and proper school is much felt The lecture ma in tbe chapel pro tern, which was crowded to excess. The rev. gentleman's opening address was very i entertaining, especially the great progress of the age in which we live, as contrasted with the early part of the eighteenth century. The lecture was listened to with profound atten tion, and a vote of thanks closed a well spent evening.—The weather is splendid, but rain is wanted. —I have started a school since I came here, which has loag been wanted. They have collected ISO or nearly, and intend to erect a bunding, which is to answer for school and chapeL It v hoped the subscriptions will be supplemented by the shareholders of the mine. 