THE WEALTH OF ENGLAND. , Tho l'le'lioni of capital just, now ,is- exceedingly, V consetl'!Once of the payment of numerous' dividends of various kinds,, and tho.total for the present month is upwards of £20;000,000, as thus- ' I't im nm i °'l Government stocks," £6,700,000; Australian. Canadian, and Indian Go vernment loans £1,500,000; English railway deben 1s S->!i nonr ri' rF.or®18'> Government loans, —8,8-0,000; Lnglish Joint Stock Banks, mining, and miscellaneous shares, say £'1,000,000. But there is no reason to believe that the'total is beyond the) amount we have stated, for it is well known that the amount paid on stocks and shares in the course of a year much exceeds the quadruple of the above "mn,\, a clearer indication of the extraordinary wealth of this country, is to bo:obtained:by con-' sidcring the amount of capital stock in which dealings take place on the London Stock Exchange, ihe following is an approximate estimate:—British Government Stock, £300,000,000; British Possess ions and colonies,. namely,' India,^Canada; and' S™!/1?,0,0^000' Fi.cnch Government, ~ol0,000,000; other European States, £000,000,000 , £«8,000,000; North America'; '« Ce"tral. America and Vest Indies, i-H,UOU,(JOO; together niakiug a total'so far of Go vernment debts dealt in here of'£I,S50,000,009. '?• besides, our railway stocks of 4ou0,p00,000; banks, telegraphs,.'mines! arid various miscellaneous shares, the total of which it is im possible to give an approximate;figure at this moment, but it is considerable. Necessarily all this wealth is not held in this country,- but by far the greater portion is, arid such' investments are con stantly increasing. During the past year £01,000,000 Pi - nruinniw 6 1'laccd on this market, besides ,000,000 for joint stock enterprise, and fresh creations are ready to como. forward at'tlie earliest: Sinmvi iGSi"10'd J^.',ey cpml'rise:—Unssinn railways, 4-10,000,000; Spain, £5,000,000. It may here be obscneu that the estimated amount of surplus "I1"''0'110 h" invested aimualiv iu England is —00,000,000, of which one moicty'is generally absorbed in tho new loans and joint stock enter prise; the remaining half representing the riso in the value of land, house property, stocks .-cm! shares £ kind, and in the extension of-commerce. SuUiciont is thus shown to indicate not only the cause of tho present .abundance.of money, but the wealth of tho country and the sources of its abs'orp-' tion. As n.further illustration of the extent of our Stock Exchange transactions, the bankers' clearings for the twenty-four settling daj-s in the past and two preceiling years , reached as follows:— ;|'0 £834,014,000 |®.>» .501,035,000 ^1S0S 523,349,000 I\ext, as regards tho. extent of tho. trade and coininerco of tho country, the bankers' olearings on tho " fourth" of the month in each of tho three past years gives the following totals:— W0 £176,137,000 lSf.9 103,729,000 , _ , *808 . ... 1 ... ' ' 155,008,000 ' • Isut tikmg the whole range of; the . bankers'clear ings for last year, oxolusive of tho Stock Exchange settlements, we reach a sum of "£3,270,300,000 banking business alone. The" total for 1800 was' £3,001,151,000. : • . ; Mr. Peter Iiai-or.— 3Ir. , Pete'rl.ialor, lately a representative of the district of South Grant in the -Legislative .-Assqnibly,. was entertained at dinner;by number! of Iiis friends, at the Manchester 'Unity Hall' last night. Tho company, which, included several membors of both Housos of the Legislature, numbered ) nearly, 100. ; The: hoii. John O'Shanassy, M.L.C'.,'occupied the chair.—Anjus. , -- •,. Tub Thueatexed Filibustbrixg'' Ex pedition.— \Vo clip:. the.: following. from the letter of tho London correspondent of tho Age:—'" A wonderful'storyi'fuitof'sensatibrial incident, Jias reached me. A Mr. Stewart, a native of Tasmania, whose'prSsbnt residence is 15, Norfolk-strcot; Sti- ajul;vinade.a com munication to two- of the 'Colonial' Agents General that a scheme had-bfceii'revealed to him of "a proposed prodatory attack upon Melbourne, Sydney, and ;D»nediu, by, a. vessel fitted out in tho United States. With out attaching much iihportanco; to7, Mr. Stewart's tale, tho colonial representatives took the proper steps to test that individual's voracity. The particulars elicited from him wero to tlio. following, effect:—Two-young men—one of them: calling himself .Bethunt^ and who represented ■-■ himself to be * the nephew of tho Bishop' of Toronto—came to lodgo at Stewart's house- ',\TKey liad recently arrived from Melbourne. , Becoming intimate with Stewart,. tUejr'ono ,day told-liim-that a. ship was- being fitted .outran the.(United States, nominally on"behaIf!of"France; out l really for upon the chief AustraUan .tdirhs, aiid upon, the mail steamer. . ..TJib plan. was to slip• through tho Heads afc night,, get up along side' the Nelson, "take 'possession of' heiy turn her guns' : upon • Melbourne; and, then levy black' mail. upVm the Treasury' and the banks. Mr. Stewart added .that: according to the representations of his lodgers, General Butler and Mr. G. F. Train, were concerned in this notable schome. Bethune and his companion—tho lattor named Scott invited Stowart to join tiiein, and promised to telegraph to him from America, tellii.-g him when to start. • He pretended to enter fully into their designs, but as soon as they left for Amorica ho divulged tho whole particulars to Captain Mayue, Ageut-Goner.ul for Now South Wale3, who oonsulted with Mr. Verdon and Mr. Morrison on tlio matter. At tho suggestion of somo members of tho Government, tho case was laid before tho Secretary of State, who advised that tho respective colonial Governments should be communicated with on tho subject by tole graph. Such telegrams wero accordingly forwarded, and ill tho nieantimo Colonel Henderson, tho Chief Commissioner of Police, has taken tho atl'air in hand. No thing, however, of a character confirmatory of Stewart's statomont has been discovered, except that Bethune had recently returned from Melbourne. 1 givo tho talo :is I received it, no further vouching for ' the facts than expressing confidence in the source from which 1 got it." ■ brr.AKiNo of the American devotion to business we' have this:—A new York mer chant, who for sixypars had left his homo at six it.m., not returning until eightp.m. after his cliildren were in be,d, was, aroused, pn a Sunday afternoon from a hap im' the sofa by the voice ol fi child crying out,." Ma, ma! (jnick! there s u man in tVo ■ Didn't know it* own 4»dl . . I Suicide.—The romantic scenery 011 the Barwon River near Fyansford (says the jeelong Advertiser) where Buckley spent so many years of strange seclusion among the aborigines, and where Jie was lirst discovered -—hus been invested with yot another inci dent of a strange and sensational character. In a deep pool at the bottom of Buckley's balls the body of a young lad was discovered by a pic-nic party who were enjoying the •taster holidays. One of them was engaged angling with tho rod on Monday afternoon, when the hook caught in tho sleeve of a per son's coat. This led to the finding of tho body, and subsequently to tho inquest. Tho deceased was reputed to bo mi excellent shimmer, and had evidently taken the gicatest pains to consummate liispurpose, and also to prevent the finding of his body. The waterholo where it was found with a heavy stone tied to the neck, and indications of a similar weight having boon attached to tho feet, winch were also tied, is a very deep one, and exists at a bend in the rocks at the foot of tho l' alls. Opposite the spot is a deep cave, whoro Buckley at one time re sided, and which, on that account, bears the name of Buckley's Gave. How long the remains would have lain at tho bottom of the waterhole, but for tho accidental circum stance by which the fato of the young man was brought to light, it is impossible to say. Probably many years would, havo elapsed, or it is questionable. if ever the'mystery of tho missing youth would have been revealed. On Tuesday-the body was removed to tho Fyanaford Hotel, and 011 the following morn ing it. was identified by the mother ns the remains of Henry Murphy, a youth residing at , Newton. There appears to have been a slight disagreement between the deceased andhis parents at tho time Uo left liomej.but it is. impossible to say what combination of circumstances, acting perhaps on a wilful dis position, led to the rash act by -which tho -youth terminated his car«er. An Unfortunate Accidest occurred on Tuesday during the sports on tho Eastern Oval, Ballarat. Amonest the youngsters crowding the vicinity of the tent in which were being exhibited Chang and the two dwarfs, Tom Thumb and Nutt, was (says the Courier) a. girl named Marriott, aged twelve years. She, like the others, was anxious to see tho giant, and for that purposo was peering through one of the apertures in the tent, when Tom Thumb, whether in sport or downright vieiotisness did not appear, , pierced her eye with tho point of a penknife,, penetrating the cornea, and leaving very little hope of her escaping ultimate blindness. ?ile 1 was afc onoe conveyed to Dr. 'Mitchell's, where the wound was dressed, .after which she was conveyed home, but it seems questionable whether she will a»ain have the use of the damaged eye. ° The Colac Murder.—It is beyond a doubt that some new and very important evidence will be brought out at the trial of Geary for the Colac murder (states the Gee- long Advertiser). A tailor named Hill, re siding at Colac, states that some time after Brookhouse disappeared, he went to Geary's house and called him out. On leaving, Mrs. Geary, addressing her husband, remarked, " Now, Paddy, don't be long, for I'm afraid of Brookhouse's ghost." Sheep and even horse stealing was a very common offence at the time when the murder was supposed to have been perpetrated. Paddy Geary had anything but an amiable notoriety in the neighborhood, and one of the low ranges 0n the border of Lake Colac bears to this day the significant name of "Paddy's look-out." , Australian Preserved. Meats.—The Week's JVeiw, referring to the revictualling of Paris, says:—- Australian colonists that they have assisted in this good work. Such has, however, been the case. Australian cooked meat has been of good service, as fuel as well as food has been wanting. Some weeks since the French Government, in expectation of n successful sortie from tho capital, stored many tons of these meats as near as possible to the city. Theso stores have now been sent forward, and in addi tion, within ten days of the armistice being signed, we understand one firm alone (Messrs. John M'Call and Co., Australian meat agents) despatched from London more than a quarter of a million canistcrs o£ beef "and mutton, weighing in all nearly 1000 tons! The Admiralty also placed the stores of pre served moat at tho disposal of the French Government. It appears that during the siege these meats Were largely served out as rations, and afc one time, when prices were at the highest point, a 6-lb canister was sold for, L4." Another paper says:—" A cask of of meat, preserved by the patent bisulphite of lime, manufactured by Messrs. Medlock and Bailey, of the Horsely-fields Chemical Works, Wolverhampton, was sealed upon thelOth of August hist, in the presence of her Majesty's Consul at Kosario, and was brought under his custody to England, where.. 011 being opened, after an interval of four months at the Consulate of the Argentine : Republic in London, it was found perfectly sweet and fresh, notwithstanding that it had passed through the tropics. It was consid ered by those who were present on that occa sion cW fully equal to the average, of ordinary English beef. The meat in question was subsequently cooked at Simpson's, Bolt-court, Cornhill, and partaken of by several •influential merchants and other gentleman, when no trace or flavor of any chemical process could be detected .in; the. slightest degree." : Petroieum.—I3v accounts from Western Australia it seems that there is a probability of the existence of petroleum. A substance has been found exuding (says tho Perth Inquirer) from the fissures in'roclcs situated i)i a precipitous sandstouo country which hears a very unctuous appearance, and which is thought to be petroleum that had passed by long exposure to tho atmosphere into solid bitumen..- A blackfellow sent to examine tho spot, where, according to the natives, a matter like kerosene nil is prr duced, has returned, bringing a small speci men of the pitchy or oily substance, which burns well, producing a blue light, and a strongv fume of a peculiar nature, with a large pdrtion of gas. The native said that there appeared to be" a good supply issuin" from between the rocks, a-id that he also ( saw some liquid matter, which I10 took to .be 1 water. ,0n being shown soino kerosene in a ( bottle, however, ho admitted that tho liquid he had seen was similar. The matter has | been brought under the notice of the Government. Jamaica, the fortification of which has been- ordered, it is announced in'America, is be made tho chief British naval station in West Indies. The boJiofia strong that tho strengthening of the defences of Jamaica has been prompted by a fear of the United States acquiring San Domingo as a naval •station'. ' A Bio Gun.—The jjeUii-Gosetie says: — I '^either tho Kmpp nor the new England 35 ton gun comes up in dimensions to the I brass gun still to be seen at Beejapoor, in the Deccan. The Jubbulporo journal says it was cast by Anrungzebe in 1689 to com memorate the fall of Beejapoor. It measures 4 ft. 10£ in. diameter at the breech, and 4 ft. 8 in. at tho muzzle, the diameter of the bore being 2 ft. 4 in., and the length 14 ft It is hold on its centre by an immense iron fixed in the ground, and grasping its trunnions in. the manner of a swivel, the brooch resting on a block of wood aupported by a thick wall, so that it cannot recoil. For the calibre of this gun an iron ball weighing 2,646 lbs. would be required." Coroners' Fees. - The following are ex- tracts from some supplementary regulations recently made by the Governor-in-Council respecting the duties and remuneration of coroners:- "No coroner or deputy-coroner shall be entitled to a fee for any inquest or adjournment thereof concerning the death of any person, nor for any adjournment of an inquest concerning any property destroyed or damaged by fire, if in the opinion of the Minister, there was not good and sufficient cause for such inquest or adjournment as the case may be. Where the Minister is of opinion that upon the holding of any inquest medical evidence has been called in or a post- mortem examination ordered by any coroner or deputy-coroner without sufficient cause, such coroner or deputy-coroner shall not be entitled to a fee for such inquest." THE TURF.—Speculation on the Ballarat Autumn Steplechase meeting is almost at an end, there being hardly any betting done for the last week on any of the events to be run on the Dowling Forest course on Friday next. The Hurdle Race is considered to be a match between Fair Nell and Yorkshire man, the dangerous word " arrangement" having frightened most of the would-be backers out of the market. However, the Ballarat Club have issued a sufficiently at tractive programme to induce a large number of Melbourne racing men to take a day's holi day should the weather prove fine. There are no less than six events on the card. The entries are fair, and the prizes good, and notwithstanding the rumors about the winner of the Hurdle Race, being a certainty, a very good days day's sport may be anti pated. The betting on the Randwick autumn meeting is also very languid. A good deal of anxiety is manifested to know the real condition of Florence, one party maintaining that she is sound, the other as stoutly persisting that she has gone com pletely wrong. One bookmaker has laid 1/300 to L100 against her.—Argus. Mr. Palmer and the Council of Bal larat'East.—The following declaration will accompany the petition to the Hon. the Chief Secretary, praying for an inquiry into the charges brought against the Ballarat Eastern Borough Council by Mr. Palmer:—" I, John Palmer, of Ballarat, in the colony of Victoria, do solemnly and sincerely declare that— First. The business of the Ballarat East Borough Council is conducted with gross extravagance and waste. Second. That I believe large sums of money have been ap propriated from the borough funds contrary to the spirit and intention of the Boroughs Statute. Third. That I discovered in the cash book of the borough council the follow item and words:—'Gardiner—balance of C. Steinfield testmonial fund, L33 9s.;' and as a Mr. Gardiner was treasurer of a subscrip tion fund to present Councillor Steinfield with silver plate and service, I do solemnly and sincerely believe this sum has been ap propriated for this purpose. And I make, this solemn declaration conscientiously be lieving the same to be true, and by virtue of the provisions of an Act of the Parliament of Victoria rendering persons making a false declaration punishable" for wilful and cor rupt perjury.—John.Palmer. Declared be fore me, at Ballarat, this tenth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one —HENRY LEE, J.P."—Courier. Suicide by POISONING at the Globe Hotel.—A case of undoubted suicide by taking laudanum, occurred yesterday morn ing at the Globe hotel, Swanston-street. A person named Charles Rigg, employed as clerk in the establishment of Messrs. Briscoe and Co., ironmongers, Collins-street, and who has been stopping at the hotel for the last two or three nights, was assisted to his bedroom about 3 o'clock yesterday morning, under the influence of liquor by the night bar man of the house, whose name is Oliver Smith. Between seven and ten o'clock a gentleman called to see Mr. Rigg, and was sent to the room of the latter, but in a short time he re turned, stating that he could not wake him. The barman and he went to the room again, and had not been long there went he died. Drs. Bird and Fisher had been called in and used the stomach pump. An ounce bottle of laudanum, about one-third full, was found on the washstand in the deceased's room, and a bottle of brandy was also observed. The deceased was a single man, and two bro thers of his are still stopping at the Globe.— Herald. "Exactly a hundred years ago, in 1770, the Parliament of Paris made the following edict: Whoever by means of red or white paint, perfumes, artificial teeth, false hair, Spanish cottons, steel corsets, or high-heeled shoes, entices any male subject of His Majesty into matrimony, will be prosecuted as for witchcraft, and tho marriage shall be declared .null and void. Perhaps," continues the German paper from which we quote, "the renewal of this edict would only be a thing in season in the most 'civilised' countries of the present period," which is neither here nor there. 