CHRISTMAS EVE IN A BELFRY. I BY LiTchfiELD MOSELY, I (A POPULAR READING OF MR. J. M. DELLP.W's.) | W B were a merry party" at Merton Grange, Somerset shire, on Christmas' Eve I forget the date, but it must be twenty years ago, at the very least. Uncle George, as we always called Him, now a thorough -specimen of on English gentleman of the old school-" genial, warm-hearted, and hospitable. Indeed, the, greatest pleasure of his life seemed to consist in making other people happy. On that Christmas Eve, the oaken parlour at the Grange presented its usual festive appearance. A huge wood fire blazed on the hearth-not that it was wanted, for the weather was almost as warm as June, but simply because the season demanded it the spacious room was festooned with holly and evergreen ; from a massive beam in the centre dropped a mighty bough of mistletoe; and the richly carved walnut wood side- board actually creaked beneath the weight of good cheer it bore. For Christmas was always kept by Uncle George in jovial English fashion. I may as well say at once that my name is Willis Trotman and at that time, I was a rising young barrister, vegetating in grimy chambers in the delightful locality of Verulam buildings, Gray's Jim. Uncle George was a widower, with three daughters. Emily, the eldest, was engaged to Jack, Bates, of Merton Abbey ; Charlotte, the second, disengaged, officiated as her father's housekeeper and Polly, the youngest, also disengaged-a little, merry eyed, fair haired, saucy girl of eighteen, who was an especial favourite of mine, and who delighted in teasing me whenever an opportunity offered. Bless her heart! She married an officer after all, and went to the East Indies, where climate soon spoiled her pretty face; so they told me afterwards. But I can always see her as she w as then and I shall love her to my dying day. "Polly," said I, as we sat down at the end of one of the dances, "how quiet some people are to-night! I'll wager a dozen pairs of gloves I can guess what you're thinking about." " Some people are' wonderfully clever, no doubt," . she replied. " Pray what am I thinking about Mr Impertinence:" "You're wondering how many times you'll be kissed under that mistletoe to- night." "You're an impudent boy, Willis. Whatever made you think, of such a thing ? " Your own bright eyes, Polly," I whispered. a " If you talk like that I'll never forgive you," she said, smilingly, as she tripped away. " Whew I how tremendously hot it is," said Uncle George, wiping his forehead with his handkerchief, . after going through some extraordinary evolutions in the dancing line. " Christmas Eve ! Why, I declare it's hot enough for July. Willis, may I trouble you to throw open the lawn door a little way, and let us have a breath of fresh air ? " I did as I was told, and somehow accidentally, no doubt on sitting down again, I found Polly by my side. " Here you are again, then," I whispered. "What a terrible tease you are, Willis. I didn't notice you were near me, or I would have kept on the other side of the room." '. In what way has this unfortunate individual offended you ? " I asked. " Never mind, sir I am very much offended." "How do you look when you're offended, Polly;" " Willis, you're an intolerable nuisance to-night you are indeed ! But isn't it warm here r" " Warm ! It's hot enough to bake one. What do, you say to a minute or two's turn round the garden ?" " I should like it above all things," she replied,, " "Very well. Throw that shawl over your shoulders, and the next move that takes place, we can slip out unobserved." In a short time the opportunity offered, and no one noticed our disappearance. " What a delightful night it is !" said Polly, as we sauntered leisurely down the garden. "Look at that lovely moon isn't it beautiful ?" i " Delightful !" I replied. " It reminds me of some lines I read somewhere, some time ago, written by somebody or other. Let me see, they're something like this When the pale orb of Dun RIIUIPS over the pea, When nature's reposing, reposing, reposing-' "What an idiot I am ! I forget what comes next ; but I know the line ends with thee, or he, or she, or be, or something." , " Cousin, you're very poetical to-night ; but when you commence a quotation, you ought to be able to finish it. I don't feel at all cold, do you 5 " I " Not at all, Polly. For my part, I think it vastly preferable to indoors," " So do I," she replied. Believe me, it's a dangerous thing for a young man to be walking alone with a pretty cousin by moonlight on Christmas Eve. By this time we had reached the wicket-gate that opened into the little churchyard, adjoining the grounds of the Grange. "Shall we stroll round the old church before we return, Polly ? " " I should like to, very much. But perhaps we should be missed and whatever would people say "r " "I don't care what anybody says, I replied. "I don't care for anybody or anything but you, dear Poll " The moon was taking effect. "Willis! don't be so absurd or I'll go back at once !" ' 26 j " Don't be angry with me Polly'. It's the moon's fault. The moon is to blame for it all " ' .' So I should imagine," she replied, coolly. " Sorry that I have been the means of subjecting you to its influence." I As we passed by I noticed that the door of the church tower stood ajar. The bell-ringers had been there that morning, and had, no doubt, forgotten to close it. So I opened it a little way, and peeped in. " Polly," I said,"" there's no one here. Wouldn't it be capital fun to run up the belfry steps, and to see how the village looks from the top of the tower to-night The moon will give sufficient light through the loopholes for us to find our way up the stairs.!' "How delightfully romantic! What a charming adventure for Christmas Eve ! " she exclaimed. , " Are you sure you'll not be frightened dear ? " " Frightened ! What at I don't believe in the supernatural, "Willie," she replied, like the courageous little girl that she was. " But perhaps you'll catch cold? " i " I'm not afraid of that, either. I'm as warm as a toast. Come along, Willis." And she began to ascend the tower. Half-way I up, we came to an iron-bound door, which, luckily for' us, was also open, or it would have arrested our progress. I say, Willis ! Whatever would people think of us if they could see us now?" she cried, as we stopped for moment to rest and take breath. I Flap ! flap ! flap " Tu-whoo to who to whom " And a large owl flew past us, evidently disturbed by- our intrusion. - "Oh, Willis, whatever was that?'.' she said, seizing me by the arm, " Only an owl, dear," " Is that all How the horrid thing frightened me!" I " I thought that you were never frightened, Polly." "Not by the supernatural," she replied. "But owls do not come under that category-." A few steps more, and we had reached the summit, and were standing just beneath the bells. "Oh, Willis - Willis! The view from here is enough to make any one poetical ! " she cried, clapping her hands. " I had no idea that it was half so beautiful. Look at the lights in the village-look at the Grange look at the shadows on the blinds ! I wonder if they've missed us yet." Just then there came a sudden gust of wind, followed by a loud bang. , " Whatever was that, Willis ?" I guessed its meaning immediately, and hurried down the stairs, to find that the middle door had blown to, and that we were securely fastened in Here was a pretty position to be placed in ! Laugh as much as you please, but how would you like to be shut up in the belfry of an old Norman church tower just before midnight on Christmas Eve ? " Oil, dear ! Oh, dear ! What are we to do now? Whatever will become of us ? " said Polly. "Be calm, dearest compose yourself. Our case is not utterly hopeless, after all. I have a box of fuses in my pocket. I'll fight them one by one, and throw out signals of distress." . "But there's nobody about to see them," she returned. ''Oh, suppose we have to stay here all night ! It's not 12 o'clock yet, and the moon will go down soon, and it will be eight hours before day- light." .? ; " Polly !" I-said, quietly. , ' ยก " Oh, don't waste time talking to me, if you please. Oh, why did you bring me up here - On, whatever will become of us ! Even if we're missed, nobody will ever think of looking up; here for us. Oh, Willis Willis do do something ! Can't you tear our pocket handkerchiefs into strips, and tie the pieces together, and let yourself down ? I'm sure if I were a man I would." " I fear, Polly, that our handkerchiefs are not sufficiently strong to bear my weight, I answered, smiling. " But, if the worst come to the worst, I suppose we shall have to pull one of the bells," j " Oh, you musn't do that-it would alarm the whole village. And what would people say ? Please don't laugh, Willis ! I'm getting so cold ! I begin to shiver all over. I'm sure, if we have to stay here, I shall die before morning." ; " Never mind, dearest, I'll not desert you at least -even me together," I said, in order to keep up her spirits, but beginning to feel, very uncomfortable myself; for although the air was scarcely perceptible outside, it swept through that horrible belfry with almost force enough to cut off one's ear. " Artistry ! a fishy ! I'm catching an awful cold, Willis ! I can feel it coming on," she said, after a pause. , " Here's a nice warm comer," I answered. I " Crouch down in this recess while I reconnoitre. Take the fugees, light them one by one, and you can warm your hands over them, I added, tying my white handkerchief over her head as I spoke. , " Don't let me rob you, Willis. I'm sure you want it more than I do. I have my shawl." ' "Never mind me, Polly. I'm more used to this sort of thing than you are." I "Used to being locked up in belfries all night r" she inquired, laughing for the first time since our imprisonment. "Not exactly," I answered. "But listen! Don't you hear voices ?" ' ' " Of course I do," she said, jumping up. " Oh, how fortunate for us ! Its the bellringers ! Don't you know its the custom at Merton to ring the bells on Christmas Eve ?" " Thank goodness ! then we shall soon be delivered from our captivity," I said. As I spoke the bells began to swing slowly backwards and forwards ding, dong ding a ding ! clash ! clang ! ding, dong ! I could hear the voices of the bellringers beneath, so I ran down the steps, and shouted loudly for assistance ; but" the bells destroyed the sound. , . "Hallo there! halle! help!" I cried, making at the same time a vigorous onslaught on the old oaken door with my knuckles, until at last the bells stopped. "", '" ' ' ' , " I "Hallo there! halle! Giles Stubbins! , Hallo there ! " ' , ' , ' ' i Stubbins I knew to be the senior, bellringers named. " Mussy on us wast be that ?" I heard the old man ask his companion. " Didn't I hear zoomed I " Noa, I heard nought," was the reply and again I shouted and rattled at the door. "Didn't you hear thought then, David?" asked Stubbins. " Aye did I I heard a screeching' like, and a rather' o'erhead. Giles ! Giles ! take' my word for 'it, it be a ghost! Aren't ye ne'er heard tell as how this place be haunted. Coom away, man, coom away " Lord preserve us all !" returned Giles. Ye make all my teeth chatter in my head." " Eh. Giles ! Giles ! coom away mail-room away! I've seen on I've seen 'pi ! " Seen wheat?" "Why, the ghost! I seed 'is put 'one's head out o' belfry window just now, all white like! I never seed thought so horrible afore ! It looked for a the world like a skeleton in a white sheet, wi' sparks of' fire flashed' from 'un's eyes ; aye, they were' real sparks, too. There be one on 'em now " t. This was one of the fugees and he had evidently seen poor Polly in her white dress, with my handkerchief over her head. "Don't run away, Daavid, without me! Don't leave me here alone, ye coward don't!" cried Giles and away spotted the two old men towards the village, leaving their lanterns behind them, and shouting loudly " A ghost a ghost a ghost " I " We're in a worse mess now thou ever, dear ' reply," I said, as I returned to her. " Those two old idiots have taken you for a ghost, and they'll raise the village." " Oh, dear ! What will become of us ? What are we to do?" she answered. " Face it out bravely," I said, as, seizing a rope, I began to sing one of the bells. ring, dong' ding, dong ' ding, dong I " Whatever are you doing, Willis ? " " Sounding the tocsin, Polly ringing the alarm bell. Go back into that recess, and muffle yourself up as well as you can. Ding, dong ding dong ! "The garrison is waking, see." Ding, dong! 'ding, dong! And, looking through the loophole, I saw lanterns flitting about in the garden of the Grange, and I could hear voices shouting at a distance. " In a few minutes reinforcements will arrive, the citadel will be stormed, and we shall be restored to our anxious friends." " Oh, Willis, what a disturbance we are making ! And what will papa say ? This adventure will be the talk of the village for years, and I shall be ashamed to show my face in it again." " Uncle George will only laugh at the joke," I rejoined ; " and as to being ashamed to show your face in the village, come to London with me, and be my own dear little wife " And I flung myself on my knees on the cold stone floor of that abominable belfry-. Polly, I adore you, Polly! I am your devoted slave. One little word from you will make me the happiest of men." " Sir, I am ashamed of you. This is not the time for such nonsense." " Polly, do you consider my love nonsense ? Listen to me for a moment, refuse me, and I'll do something desperate ! I'll throw up the low, and enlist as a common soldier ! I'll-I'll-" " Hark!" she cried. There was a roar of many voices beneath, and, looking down, I saw a crowd of villagers armed with rakes, hoes, shovels, spades, and pitchforks. Presently I heard the voice of Uncle George say "A ghost, eh Don't believe a word of it. What cock-and-bull story is all this- eh ? A sovereign to the first man who goes up the belfry." " I don't want your money, squire and I can't frightened of ghoaste-?o here goes," said Abraham White, one of Uncle George's men. " Take care, Abraham, tak' corvettes' th' pitchfork wi' je. Mayhap the ghost may do ye zum 'arm," said a woman's voice. " Tak' th' pitchfork, and then we can give th' ghost a crack o'er the head wi' 'un." "Come along, my lads, it's all fancy!" cried Uncle George. " It's my belief there's nothing there." So in order to convince him I gave the rope another vigorous pull.' i " Whew ! That's strange !" he cried. " That bell didn't ring itself. Follow me, lads." . i .' Aye, as e, sir," was the reply. > ( ! Then I heard him mount the steps, and rattle the wooden door. < ' - i " Who's there *-" he shouted. Something prompted me to have a joke at his' expense ; so, in reply, I gave a long, loud howl, something between a yell and a shriek-an accomplishment I had learned at school. Away scudded Uncle George, five steps at a time, followed by his Supporters. "By- Jove! No mortal made that sound, ยก I'll wager !" I heard him say And again I tugged at the bell. Ding, dong! ding, dong! ding, dong!" "Ten pounds to the man who breaks open the door," said Uncle George. " Gi' us hold o' your shovel, Jacob. Ghost or no ghost, I'll soon have 'run out," said Abraham White. " That's right, my lad I like your pluck," shouted my uncle. " Pon my word, this matter is getting in- teresting!" And, immediately afterwards, the door was attacked with heavy blows by the besiegers. Somewhat fearful of the result, I whispered to Polly " Both of upstairs a few steps, while I capitu- late." For the truth was, I was afraid that the first man who entered, if he caught sight of her white dress , might brain her with his shovel. Seeing that she was out of danger, I shouted " Hallo there ! What are you making all that noise about, eli?" " Why that's Willis's voice !" exclaimed Uncle George. " Of course it is, uncle and there's somebody else here as well." I The door at this moment gave way, discovering Polly and myself. " Oh, papa, dear, don't be angry !" she cried. " Angry ! What have I got to be angry for the But how on earth did you get up there? Come, tell me all about it. Why, what's that you're wrapped up in Ha, ha, ha ! You're a beauty now, and no mistake !" Poor Polly certainly cut rather a queer figure, as she was enveloped in a dirty old sack that we had discovered in a corner of the belfry and her hands, face, and dress were smothered with thick black dust, ' . ' ' "Ha, ha, ha! My dear, it's a shame to laugh at you ; but I really can't help it Bless me ! how cold you are ! Come, wrap yourself up in my coat, And we'll go indoors at once' 1 In a few moments I had explained the whole affair to Uncle George's satisfaction and I never heard a man laugh more heartily. A Well, friends," he said, turning to the villagers, " you see there was no ghost after all. So come-up to the Grange and have something to warm you, before you go home again." " Three cheers for the squire and Miss Mary, and long life and a merry Christmas to 'em ! " was the reply. "And now, David and Giles," cried my uncle, addressing the bellringers, "pull away with a will, and ring out a merry Christmas peal on the grand old bells ; and in the, hope they no ' worse ghosts "think these will ever be seen in Melton belfry on Christmas Eve." I I repeated my offer to Polly the very next day and what do you think was her reply ? "I'll give you your answer, Sir, the next time we are locked up, together on Christmas Eve in a belfry! " 