SPORTING AND THEATRIOAL NOTES. The Croxton Park meeting on Saturday last was not well attended, owing to the dull forenoon, but about twob'o'clock the time for the first race, the weathlri oleared up beauti fully. There could not be loes than 1500 present, but five thousand is what Mr. Sayer wants at every meeting, to pay him and the club. The hurdle race brought the seven en tered to the start. Cid being made the faivourite, but lie was found wanting at the finish, and Harding beat him on Mr. Coles's now horseo Young Bonicia Boy by a couple of lengths. The Selling handicap was considlered a certainty for Stafford, although lihe carried Dst., and lie won it comfortably, by a couple of lengths. Tho Croxton handicap had five starters. The Fawn being backed to win at 2 to 1 on her, and this she did without diffi culty. Old Monkey was second and the clhesnuut Norma third. The steelechase re sulted in a very fine race. Nankeboo was the favourite, but lie came down when lie was goilng pretty well. All the horses baulked at the throoe railer about a quarter of a mile froim the stand, except Sydney and lie got a tremendous load, and came down at the stone wall, leaving the race between Garibaldi and Launcelot, the latter winning by a neck, Svdney running in third. Typo fell and broke Enderson's collar bone. The Consolation was a good race, Farmer's Daughter lauding the stakes for Morrison, Monkey being again se coind and Norma third. The next meeting takes place on the Queen's Birthday, but on Easter Monday there will be a grand athletic sports meeting. There are nine entries for the Williamstown handicap to be run at the meeting on Easter Monday. The programume is one of the true old sort-ol the " dark ages"-there is a guinea qualification fee, five per cent to be deducted for expenses (champagne for the stewards I suppose) entrance money, accep tance money, and sweepstake money. If the stewards expect to have a successful meeting, they will be "severely" disappointed, when one sees such programmes, you almost wish the meeting to be a failure. There are nine in for the handicap, and these are Nimnblefoot (Oat. illb.), Lily, Flying Dutchman, Fawn and Amethyst, but the cup winner I should imagine will not start. The Heidelberg races are the next to dis pose of, and they come off on Saturday the 8th of April. The entries are to be made to night-for the hurdle race, steeplechase and handicap-but just toolate for me to notice them. A very pleasant day is always spent down at Heidelberg, and all that is wanted is good weather. Betting is very dull indeed. The only events now spoken of, are the Ballarat double hurdle race and steeplechase, and the Sydney Leger and Cup, For the first named events Fair Nell and The Monk are backed at 100 to 5, and they are the favourites right out also. The Loger is booked for Florence, and the cup for Little Dick. Romula, Merimaid and Miss Jessie representing Mr. Wilson, have ar rived in Sydney after a tremendously rough voyage. Mermaid has 7st. 51b. to carry in the gold cup, but with young Wilson up, she ought to make a show, although no 3 yr. old ever won the cup except Fishhook,and he only carried Gat. 101b. The Champagne stakes will be a great race, and Victoria as usual will be strongly represented. Mr. Dowling will shortly take the splendid filly Beatrice, with Priotor, and if the filly does not make them travel for the two year old stakes it will sur prise me " muchly." In The Leger ]lomula will represent us, although site is a Sydney bred mare. Milesian it is said will not go, but Prator ought to do the damage for as ini the short handicaps. The general entries are to be made on the 31stlinst., and the meeting commences on the 20th of next month. The last match for the Challenge Cup was commenced on Saturday between the Mel bourne and fifteen of the East Melbourne, and I'm glad to note that there was a very fair sprinkling of spectators. The E. M. went first to the wickets and scored 175 with the loss of thirteen men, Dan Willie being ab sent, and the innings thus closed, .Tennings maldo 40 and .olduld ith.5D.,,-Theo owere .thea , only double figures, but not one of the others went out without scoring, there not being one 0\. The Melbourne then went in having a couple of minutes to spare, and scored 3 with out a wicket lost. The match promises to be. an exciting one, and will be played out how ever long it lasts. There is to be a fine match commenced on Easter Monday between the Victorian eleven that recently beat the Sydney eleven, and the next best eleven to, and as the latter will in clude Wardill, Kelly, Conway, Phillips and some other noted players, the game ought to prove a very interesting one. Mr. Howe played " Rip Van Winkle" on Saturday night at the Royal. He plays it exceedingly well, and to the satisfaction of a very large audience. He is the best since Jefferson, but that is not saying much as I think J. L. Hall, and Frank Drew, are the only ones that have attempted this rather difficult character since the days of the" im mortal Joseph." Mr. Howe does not draw very large howe.ses, in spite of his good act ing. His engagement will soon close, and at. Easter a new burlesque from the pen, I un derstand, of Marcus Clarke, will be pro duced. Madame Fanny Simonson had a very good attendance at her benefit on Saturday night, at the Princess's when " Grand Duchess" was brought out for the last time. Madame was. nearly smothered with bouquets when the curtain dropped. Signora Baratti played on Monday night in " selections" for the benefit of the Melbourne Hospital, but these was not. a good house " owing to the short notice given." Saanuella was produced on Tuesday night, and promises from the way it was re ceived to become anlother success for Mr. Lyster. Weston's has been well patronised during the week, and on Saturday night there was a very good programme. "Dancing on the Brain." " Salamander Sam," and " The Italian Refrain" being all well received, and of course encored by the gallery boys. Olark sang "Anne of the Vale" but he doesn't like re spending to the encore, and only sang the chorus, assisted by Harry Kelly. The farce Ilamlet was immensely amusing. Hamlet of course having little to do with it. The end of the piece is brought about by the appear ance of thie Ghost, who drives the audience away-out through the windows eto. The new burlesque " Hiash" is said to be a very good thing, being a hash ofall the most popu lar operas. Thie Apollo is to be opened to-morrow night with Thiodon's exhibition, the comique Mar gott will appear and the sensation" Donate the one legged dancer" will also appear. The. Ilaymnarket Theatre will shortly re-open as "Paddy's Mnarket" it is said- duriing the re building of the original. 