KivxBQfEntsutissml Th* "Rtrtr "Bdward fell, - fcom .tie gth to the 19tb, aix faet, and is still, fading. .Railway Coosoil-Ma. inntod to meet at tbe "Rriyal Hotel, Deniliqaia, on Monday Mzfc, it balfpaat seren p.m. • TEH Intercolonial Conferenae resolntions were, as far a* Victoria is concerned, : eonfinned by the "Assembly on Wednesday nighi by a largs majority. ' . . : r. " . - BORDEB C0BT0M3.—We bear .thst A meeting, to b« convened. by the Mayor, will be held on-this subject at Deniliqniu next week. Publio opinion aeemsto be in favour of tbe conclusion arrived -at in Albary. namely, recommanding- the New South Wales Government to .accept thefoffermsde by Victoria to aacertaintbe true Takn-daring 1872 of these duties, and fixioe the amount , to be paid to "New Soutb Wales by Victoria. .'^ • SAKDa0B8t.—.Xheaniniug ship mania continues unabated, and can only be likjmed to the excitement of Law's celebrated Sooth Ses bubble, comparing an international event with skoal sffair such as: is Sandhurst's. However, the gold returns of tbe latter for the last week are not,re»y enoouraging, and tbe babl$e~ is likdy sooa to barvt. DEATH BT DBOWRIKO^A boy named Joseph Haghey, between eight (fad time years of age, was .drowned on Wednesday in the creek at the rear of the Koyal Hotel.;- Th^body was not recovered until the follo<^iltg day, when an inquest was held by the coroner at ,the Royal Hotel. The evidence given was to die. effect that the boy was last ..seen standing on a projecting .beam of the old bridge, anotherphild -being ? with him at the time. The father <rf the other «hild, who is named Edwards, called her. away from the bridge, and ;a few minutes after n brother of deceased tailed out that'bis'brother was in the water. Edwatds rau to ihe treek, plimged in, deceased beihg some fifteen yards from tbe bridge.at tbis time, and endeavonred to save the boy," but owing to tbe strong current was nnsuccessful. The jury rettaroed .* verdict ofaccir dentally drowned. " --- " TH* SHADOW OK THB WIIX."—We give in this issue tbe partksilars of « ebat-ge made against Hie Rev. RabbuDavhvof Sydney, which excited grestfcterest thire. -There was evidently an attempt /-to extort money' from the Rabbi, as i» <«urmi»ed-l>y fbe letter fi'dm proMfcutrix's, solicitor, M follows:— i!. --or "171, PiU-itiMt, Sydney, 4 < 3Dth .September, 1871. " Sir,—Will you alio* mean-iatemaw here on lionday next, hefore 11 o'clock. '* I remain, Sir, foot obedient servant, . Wit. lUoutBB Ber. A. B. Daris, William-street." . Had it not been for the untruth :of- one . of the servant girjs, when slie said that sbe saw " the Shadow on the Wall," it is probable that the ^charge would never have been itude^ STATX .or THE RIVBM 1 .—October 19—Alhury, ISft 2io; Wahgunyab, 16fc fib; Echuca, 27ft; Hay, ISft 6in ; Wagga. Waggi^ lift 6in; Swan Hill, 12ft; Wentworth, Darling and Murrumtndgee both rising alowly; Balrvuld, 14ft lOib, rising. * ; •: - • Is^^regard to tmpaunditigi of stock, in our last Issue ~ ft wis stated that tbe Aet required that impbundings shouId_.Se sent fer publication hi the ^nearest. newspaper to the -pound to which st««k are seat^—consequently tBfe Hag Standard Is entitled "to all advertisements-from pounds nearer to Hay than to any otb^r place wherein ispublisbed ia newspaper.. But ,«|ny ftnpoundings sent to ttie Stan<far<f «an also appear, if desired, n u of extra charge, in the Pastoral Time*. r By a misprint in pari of our last week's issue it was stated that tbe charge would be extra, which is not the eaise. MtnficirAUTT CBKAPLT WOBKXD. .— The boroiigh of Darlington- is, perhaps, the inunicijjality most cheaply vrorked in New South Wales. Following^ aire the gazetted office expenses of half-year. ending 31st. July :—-Assess, ient £4 ISs, poll'-derk JEl Is, late^eouneil clerk JE2 2s, council elerk £9 G»«d, inspector of nuiiaaiMes. £1 13s 4d, iradng of bon^gh 12« 6d, printing, advertising, and stationery, £9 2s 2d, ^s^^abtrs^S jOs, g t a a p i , S i - - Six JAMES MABTIB says in bis Iiiteri»lonial ^ minute '' Tree trade across jrad ty way of the rMurray- has no* existed, jong ertongh to MA^E the inbahitants O^ the borders OMhe lwo <s^omea -^oiget tiiak they Ihee-under diflfet«nt jurisdictions, and art ruled . ov« r by diffei < ent Lejf^latarcs.? Tolerably cOol thts.'eoming from •o'xtowid prbtectlomst of tra^.^jreirt? atimd- -: THB Murray at Echueabas JStb^i to. 26f t 10 Inches above summer1^|^,'«^ tf «e have Itpi ai&ther; viaitation at bintl^^^ia dl danger pf disastrous flood miy^ " " MfVfior ^bis year.—Rivtfyt* :Cncm Corw.—fhe ifi" Wrrninated its -sittings onlM< bb Honour Jadge Faocett, tojk.Jiif departure -^ett^ay mnrinijr, proeMl^ euinvhd, from Arotfeed Edioea:. .^y ^oibbiwoOIM^R- Aisbxr Aasxxs.-^lw^ friM lf>r •entenceditolwo YEARS' upprisonptentrwi .labour; Jno. JUley.; brAwIri Sfd . iiunit^T iiiiipriaminient ~wini b|nl„ labqur f ; «ud TbWipiion tbe AA^ : bbnidirewing' and MeaKis, Imd, eighteen •fb&f;>ths' itttptisonment^witji b«rd Ubour. ytltpctolier mbjnnr the second ? i^rterljr Jisfr of ^cattle A liu aear)y : annexed Sydney. iVaaya-i^ Aa'"»««ttef"of — -'"across tbt bordert Vven ^vdn^ itself. 'Tbey have b?en de- _ «» ^eiiifcrior, ^ bj ttafe diffi^d . " - taahe deprtwioa -^-^he^tated 0»«t-®e»iliquin without ^^era llaMOeir vrtileiristo^iifejt^l J^it. fi«mdagaV«nd iW^^^l^^^antiownrbf^lm; ^p^^^rM^.a^yM-Snetai; rpad'^of-the. milaSs fo «d'Jrom .tbern. In constructing be*e j<oMs (^^rnmeiit laid out'jonie hundreds of thousands of poun^ .wUIe.DeniUquin bas no W$h~iipad-^tannot bav« it-^as^re have uo stone,- xnd if we are to have a road at wood it would cost wo or three timesxsmncb <s a nilroad: So 'that there Is no parallel. It is folly to reason arith amanwho has on this aubjeet no reason in titm. it is kwnetbmg to gei him to acknowledge that-a railway froiq Eehucii to Deniliquiu. would Tjay well—pay good interest for the outlay. " I ain satisfied on that score," said be—then why "not make the!line? It will have to be made, if Sir Jaines Martin Is-- opposed to it or not —thafai fact ? TH* " MOKABO TIMTS."—^We have received a copy of the first issue of tbis new journal, -which is a creditable production. The leading article is' on law and lawyers, warning people to beware of both—here is' an extract:—" Let us have law brought to our doors" has been tbe cry of many in Bombala. It has been brought to our doors; and in njaiiy instances on to our very hearths, carrying poverty and misery with it. We rememlier when Bombala could not boast of any member of the legal : profession among its inhabitants, and more good feeling, unanimity and prosperity existed than at the present moment, when two gentlemen of. the long robe are successfully employed in extracting from the pockets of our burgesses the result of years of toil—hatred, malice and all uncharitableness are now rampant among us, and poverty with its trainof evils has been brought upon families hitherto prosperous and contented." CoHPLivrnTAKT to QunmLAitt>;—An English paper, sneaking of the appointment of the Marquis of Normanby as Governor of Queensland, aays:—" The influences must be eurious that induced a scholar, soldier, courtier, an ex-M.P.. and-Marquis, to exile himself to. a semi-tropical climate, where a population equal to a thirdclass country town squabble in a little Parliament of about the quality of Marylebone Vestry." "STDSBT PONCH " forthe lasttwo weeks is very severe on tbe' Premier, Sir James Martin, and his colleagues, on account of their late fiasco at the Intercolonial Conference. "Last issue but bnei tbe priudpal cartoon represents the Premier driving, tandem, in a dog-cart, at a terrific ps$e, to Kilmore, en route to Melbourne—he ha* a short pipe in his mouth, and looks particularly Watt. Mr., Lord is in the dog-cart, holding high up a bottle of champagne. Mr. Docker is clinging to Mr. Lord, and has the leg of a fowl on a fork, also high in the air—a!I three are very jolly, and look particularly happy. This week's priheipareartoon represents the Premier in his stndy, with lamp burning—his bookcase well lined with works thus labelled—" Jack in Office," " Gunnery," " What to Eat, Drink, and Avoid," "ICanon Laws," "Army List," " Cribb on Self-defence." " Cookery," " How Not to do It," " Dictation," "Queen's Regulations." "Snobbery," "Picnics," "Don Quixote," " Humbug," and " Bombastes Furioso." Spread out against the wall is a chart of Sydney harbour defences. On the Premier's desk lies, open, the Stamp Act—and the word " Retrenchment," in large letters, on a sheet of paper. The Premier is startled by a rap at the door, and Parkes's figure is seen in the doorway, at whieb the Premier is frightened—his mouth open—bis hair on end—he struek down oh one knee, having tumbled over ad valorem duties, picnics, defence force, land bill, border duties, &C.;, which lie scattered on the floor. The cartoon is after Scene 2, Act 1, of Hamlet. We give below Punch's description of the cartoon :— Once, within a midnight dreary, Martin pondered glum and wear; By a light that shed no ebeery beams across the officefloor; And hia Bills were all before him—priest of duties ad .. -valorem. Chief of many a trusting quorum that hai helped him heretofore— Chief of many an .outraged quorum that trill help him— nevermore! "Ah! distinctly I remember we must meet in next November," Quoth he, poking at an ember that had dropped against' the door, " And I dread the Opposition—notwithstanding its condition. Still cbaDtie as perdition—it will taunt me evermore: Though chaotic aa perdition, it will hound me—evermore !" . Talking thus, and sadly thinking, while the lamp continued blinkiog,' How to face.with mien unshrinking, Forater, Samuel, and their corps; Thinking thus, and partly napping—suddenly there \- . came a ta pping As ef someone near him rapping, rapping at the officedoor, Someone like i spirit rapping, rapping slowly at bis door! " This must be,'' said Martin, rising, " Lord, my puppet, advertising. But hie presence is surprising, at tbis moment, and a bore ; Jack himself ia not my- choice less "—here the door, on hinges noiseless, Opened! and, adVaneing Voiceless, stalked across the sombre floor -Parkea'a Ghost and—nothing more! "Ghastly Spectre of Kiaraa!" shrieked out Jemmy, dread alarmer. Hast tbou come up hers to harm a former colleague and to pour In his ears grim accusations of bygone dissimulations— Wilt tbou eease to try my patience, and go bask from hence, biie-noir ? " Quoth the 8peetre, " Nevermore!" "Bugbear—bogie! I defy thee! and this very instant, by the Bolts of Jupiter, I'll try thee, and thy boastkd spiritlore! Omen grim," continued Martin, from his cushioned chair upstarting, " Will the publio take my part in House and country aa before ?" Quoth the Spectre, " Nereraore!" " Fiend, with finger pointing hither, like a vane in evil . . weather, Though I bate thee altogether, tell me truly, I implore. Having sworn to flout 'distation,' will I with increased taxation Prey for ever on the nation, filling thus Protection's craw?" . 'Quoth the S{*otre, "Nevermore!" «' Frigbtfal Feature, let me ask thee—for I've sworn tbis night to task thee— If the House ahould yet unmask me, will my publio day be o'er ? Art tbe members in their senses? will my Stamp Acta and .'Deteneee'— BjijrJn-rjrrainrrtj Bwrftrrtenits—fulllbe Utas haretofoie?" Quoth the Spectre, "Nevermoie!" Prophet-ghost, though Thing of evil tracking ae like Wanderer from the pitchy level of the Night's Plutonian shore,. 1 ' \ : By thy ttstrils fierce, capacious, is there— m there, in tbsspaeious Future, aught for ate that's gracious i will my breath again 6e law ? " Quoth the Speetre, "Nevermore!" "Bethat.word thy last one spoken! 'cut' away era :. hope be broken— X«eve no. tsemark u a token of thy presence on this floor I ^ -Get thee baric to Mack -perdition—by the "bands of ' 'Coalitien,' I may keep my proud position : keep it as I've dons of yaral" ' \- ' Quoth tbe Speche,." Nevarmon!" Aod tbat Sceptre never flittiag—with ns'-tbought st all •fquittinf, - • . . , Still gloems eloas to Haitio dttmg, sitting aaoody, lone, and sore! . , And the monotone so muttered—yea, the single phraw \- thus uttered, - . '-'' "'-. • ' •- • . . 2a that cbaTiber Utebed and shuttered, miffk the Shadow . oo iu floor, i. Shallbe rilenoed—nevsrmere! . SnAanrs isover at Mungadel, and at Peven aey. Langaod Falmer have commenced. In the neigbbonrbood of Hay the clip is very light ; and; we believe, gerjerally throughout that distriet, wbMrV ia al -large one. The clip depends more upon tbe antuma ^nd winter rains than in the quantity of feed in summer, whidi comes too late If the autumn and wititer prove ^ry. • Shearing U over M Mesara. LandaliisV TJpper Deniliquln. Tbe sbeateta enlivened Deniliquhi a little on Jffli break-up of 4bl» large • abed; but the recklessness of fornnuer days was absent. A few ^ ^ the modesty of -«rtwc H and beeaipe glorious; but tbe bulk of them were from Vlctoria, and were,- we hear, Carried ^opht. who. were oC Aaad ^aerai* ,4he ilin«sy iiihtf dr b«q?e«. t.If w*ai« tohsiw p»»- mm^sa ttna^ Inaust^in ^ " tbe twrive,^ itl&wjsij;^bt^My-to 'i ;,jW^^s,uee -for: the gbdse^ :' 8uACT^x"8wA|n«ooiKo'EcHocA.—Mr.Sbsckell is faoetions oTer Sir Jsimes Martin's Jiasoo, u» re tbe Intereolonial' Conference, as we find the fdllo#ing*in Saturday's ibWins Herald, at the eoneluSion of tbe report of the meeting of Edinca Town Conndl^—" Before the council broke up Cr. Shackell facetiously proposed a vote .of tbanks to Sir James Martin-—which relieved the gravity of the previous proceedings by provoking Some laughter—for the benefit he had conferred upon Echuca by extinguishing the hopes of .the DeniHquinites with regard to a railway to join ours. Nothing moreTefresbing, be thought, had happened for a long time." Pro- - bably nobody knows, better than Mr. Shackell that the proposed railway received a greater impetus from Sir James Martin's observations at Deniliquin than-a year or two of ordinary agitation .could give it. Tbe Murray bridge will be forthwith built, and the railway will follow as a matter of course. Mr. Shackell likes to shampoo the Echncaites, far whom he acts in effect as dry nurse. It is said that he has had the folfpwing nurseiy rhyme set to music, and dedicated to Echuca:— Uoxery doodl«-um diekle-um dnm, Turn to iti moxaery muzsery mum ; Tissery issery booxery boo No baby ao sweet and so pity as eo. and that be sings it every night as he retires ta rest. Massas. PERTH'S fat sheep, which crossed last week, were put down at 1&50—the number should have been 1903. THE Wagga Wagga Exprets severely condemns the conduct of tbe New South Wales delegates on tbeir conduct at the conference on the border duties, and.says:—"To Sir James Martin and his colleagues, in thus endeavouring to ensure the breaking off of all relation with the acknowledged bead and centre of all business connections with Victoria, Sir James Martin may fancy 'that he has played one of bis best trump cards, but in doing so he may depend upon it that he has thoroughly alienated from his party the whole sympathy and support of the people of Riverina. To defeat the iniquitous projects of our present rnlers. the whole population of Riverina should now determinately unite. As individual members, their representatives in Parliament may not possess the influence they are entitled to exercise, but, if in tbis matter they act. in unison, they can compel at least respectful attention to their desires. Let Sir James Martin, in February next, again attempt to impose border duties upon the Murray. The result of the experiment, if we understand aright the temper of the people of Riveri.ia, will be tbe reverse of satisfactory. The port of Melbourne is'naturally and geographically the commercial gate of their trade." "THE tone of tbe papers, (says the Sydney Herald, of the 11th October), leaves but little hope of an amicable adjustment. We presume, therefore, both colonies will set themselves to worry the border districts, or exhaust their means bv an expensive rivalry. It will be fortunate if the difficulty shonld^rminate in a war of custom-houses; but thesis a more serious danger in contentions of tbe kind. A little' encouragement would induce people who have a taste for revolutions, but who have no field sufficient for their peculiar talents, to accept as a substitute a lively border row. When this is accomplished, it will be neeessary to consider the next step. The custom-house will have to be supported by the constabulary, and the constabu lary will be upheld by the soldiers, and lawless people will have the great gratification of stopping useful industries, and enjoying -violence under the guise of a spurious patriotism." 'J'he Herald is barely correct—we do not apprehend a general row here. It is probable that the Herald has taken this view from the communication of the Melbourne correspondent of* the Empire, wherein he says that an Albury man said to him, " We'll settle the officers—we'll pitch tbem into the Murray."- Still, it would be as well if the border customs should be re-imposed, that the officers should take this risk into consideration in the amount of salary they seeure—the hint may be worth something. An insurance on each of their lives may not be inadvisable, if only to set the Herald at rest. IVBITING on the result of the Intercolonial Conference, the Albury Banner says:—"But, with avowedly imperfect statistics to work upon, there is a glaring impropriety in the obstinacy with which Sir James held to his figures, and refused all compromise or offer of conciliation. He could not have been firmer if 'his data had been coovincing and unimpeachable. There is also a very evident inconsistency in his refusal of Mr. Duffy's offer to continue the treaty for a short time, while he himself almost directly invited Bueh an offer by expressing an opinion " that some arrangement should be made by which such (intercolonial) balance of trade may be fairly estimated for a limited number of years." After this the refusal of the offer made by Victoria to renew the treaty temporarily and conditionally is a proceeding which can only be regarded as unaccountable and nnjustifiable." The Banner thinks that £100,000 were not too much to ask for the border duties, but it also thinks that Sir James Martin's returns or figures did not justify him in his asking this sum. ECHCCA -SHIPPING.—Arrivals—October 14.— Corowa and barge, from Hay, with 453 bales of wool, and a quantity of tallow and hides Wahgunyab and barge, from Wabgunyah, with 450 bales of wool. Departures—October 16.— Wahgunyab and barge, for Wabgunyah, with a general cargo and several passengers. October 17.—Corowa and barge, for Swan Hill, in bal last.—Riv. Herald. WAGGA WAGGA.—Acceptances for the Free Handicap:— , et l b » Mr. H. ,T. Bowler's b gJValentine, aged 8 2 J. TlifTs b m Arunia, aged 8 H. Kelt's g g Huntsman, 6 yrs. ... 7 J. IH'ifFs g m Snowdrift. 5 yra. 7 H. Rett's blk or br g Wisdom, aged 7 H. J. Bowler's br m Doefbot, 5yrs. 7 James Robert's b h Tartar, 5yrs. ._ James Robert's b g Banjo, aged ... Bowen and M'Alister's ch g Castonea, aged — R. Grovernor's blk or br c by Kingston, 4 yrs J. Jenkiu's hr g The Gift, 4 yrs. ... J. A. <Lewis's b f Maud, 4 yrs. ... J. J. Leary'sg g Cooargo, aged ... R. Donelan's br or d gr m Love Not, .6 yrs.- ... — — -S.-W.hitek h e Barrister, aged ..." Leary's br g Kerosene/aged - 6 12 6 8 H. J. Bowler'sbg Formosa,Syrs. 5 .7 Acceptances for tbe Grand Stand Handicaps- Mr. J. Biff's b m Aruma, aged 7 J. IIHffV g.m Snowdrift, 5yrs. ... 7 H. Rett's g g Huntsman. 6 yrs ... 7 H, Rett's blk or b g Wisdom, aged 7 H. J. Bowler's br m Doefoot, 5 yrs. 7 James Robert's b b Tartar, 5 yrs. 7 James Robert's b g Banjo, aged Bowenand M'Alister's b g Sparrow- R. GroVMo^ch g Comet, aged J. Leary's br g Kerosene, aged ... H. J. Bowler's g e Gaffer Grey 3 • yrs. ... ... ••• ••• H. J. Bowler's gMfrrmrn,« yrs. Acceptances for tbe Town Piatt Handicap :— Mr. H j. Bowjer's b g Valentine, « yrs. 7 . J. Hiffa b m Aruma, aged 7 \- J. nifPs g m Snowdrift,-fl yrs. 7 H. Rett's g g Huntsman, 6 yrs. ... 7 H. Rett's blk or br g Wisdom, aged 7 H. J. Bowler's b m Doefoot, 6 yrs. 7 James Roberts's b h Tartar, 6 yrs. 7 Jamei.BobettsH b g Banjo, aged ... Bowen and M'Alister's br g Sparrow-hawk, 6 10 aged ••• — R Grovenor^s blk or br e by Kingston. 6 4 4 - j. Jenkin's bg the Gift, 4 yrs ... A. Donelan's br or d gr m Love Not 6 yrs. .... ... 5 12 ' HAT.—A meeting of Wesleyans held last night, to raise £500 to build * Wesleyan Chapel in Hay. We bear that four townspeople will give £100 between them. Plans and speeficatioos are drairo.—-Bridge Machinery—. The Victoria delivered Me woriong plant of the bridge onboard a punt at tbe works last . Friday; shortly after, either fromover-we^iting ^r aome other cause, bath Ae punt and machinery went to die bottom. We do not irnapne, however,-that there will be more than one day lost in reeoveriogthesubmeiged articles. The superintendent" war away looking after bis workmen, or sueh a jwsadrentore -would have beea pievmted. A tfver went 46wa and a flpnrt>er of tbe lhings that ^ire on vtiR ptivt ham-been Yimnd, 'but not the pnnt; aM it. may ^Mid i m ^^JI^—Htty .SUiMdard. last aajaa^ aSsefc^ -discbaigea,^ died, 