WHAT MAKES A CHEISTIAN. Bkethken', what makes a Christian is not the theology you have in your heads, but the faith and love you have in your hearts. We must, indeed, have a clear statement of truth in orderly propositions — that is, a system of dogmas — to have anything to trust to at all. There can be no saving faith in an unseen person, except through the medium of thoughts con cerning Him, which thoughts rcut into words aro a. o.v^A. The antithesis which is often eagerly urged upon us — not doc trines, but Christ — is a very incomplete and misleading one. ' Christ' is a mere name, empty of all significance till it be filled with definite statements of who and what Christ is. But whilst I, for my part, believe that we must have doctrines to make Christ a reality and an object of faith to grasp at all, I would urge all the more earnestly, because I thus believe, that, when we have these doctrines, it is not the creed that saves, but the faith. We are united to Christ, not by the doctrine of His nature and work, needful as that is, but by trusting in Him as that which the doctrine declares Him to be — Redeemer, Friend, Sacrifice, Divine Lover of our souls. Let us always remember that it is not the amount of religious knowledge which I have got, but the amount which I use, that determines my religious position and character. Most of us have in our creeds principles that have no influence upon our moral and active life; and, if so, it matters not one whit how pure, how accurate, how comprehensive, how consistent, how scriptural my conceptions of the gospel may be. If they be not powers in'my soul, they only increase my responsibility and my liability to condemnation. The dry light of the understanding is of no use to anybody. You must' turn your creed into a faith before it has power to bless and save. 'There are hosts of so-called Christians who get no more good out of the most solemn articles of their orthodox belief than if they were heathens. What is the use of your saying that you believe in God the Father Almighty, when there is no child's love and happy confidence in your heart? What the better are you for believing in Jesus Christ, His Divine nature, His death and glory, when you have no reliance on Him, nor any least flutter of trembling love towards Him ? Is your belief in the Holy Ghost of the smallest consequence, if you do not yield to His hallowing power? What does it matter that you believe in the forgiveness of sins, so long as you do not care a rush whether yours are pardoned or no ? And is it anything to you or to God that you believe in the life everlasting, if all your work, and hopes, and longings are confined to ' this bank and shoal of time?' Are you any more a Christian because of all that intellectual assent to these solemn verities ? Is not your life like some secularised monastic chamber, with holy texts carved on the walls, and saintly images looking down from glowing windows on revellers and hucksters who defile its floor? Your faith, not your creed, determines your religion; Many a 'true believer' is a real ' infidel.' Thank God that the soul may be wedded to Christ, even while a very partial conception of Christ is in the understand ing. The more complete and adequate the creed, indeed, the mightier and more fruitful in blessing will the faith naturally be; and every portion of the full orb of the Sun of Righteous ness which is eclipsed by the shadow of our intellectual misconceptions, vttl diminish the light and warmth which fall upon our ''souls. It is no part of our duty to pronounce what is the minimum of a creed which faith needs for its object. For myself, I confess that I do not understand how the ?spiritual life can be sustained in its freshness and fervour, in its fulness and reality, without a belief in the divinity and saving work of Jesus Christ. But with that belief for the ?centre which faith grasps, the rest may vary indefinitely. All who stand around that centre, some nearer, some further off, some mazed in errors which others have cast behind them, some of them seeing and understanding more, and some less, of Him and of His work — are His. He loves them, and will save them all. Knowledge varies. The faith which unites to ? God remains the same. — Sermons by A. Maclaren. 