SPORTING. ^ Tiv Old Johr'icks' Ghost. It think it's about time thnt I should come oat of my shall nnd sny a few words regarding the ilisure ditnbla apathy tho toiVng-peoplQ hnvo lately shown in tlio matter of getting np n Christmas Itacemeet ing this year. Of course you know thnt tlio mooting convened for Saturday night fell through like tho previo.UB one. 1 believe several Ono-mikjrs nnd Monklanders cume in to nssiet op. but of oonrse thoy left when thoy saw- no one coming forward, and now I liear ' on good authority,' ns tho nows papor men sny, thnt th^y are going to seo what thoy can do thomsolv^s. Ism told they contom plate holding a meeting shortly at the One-mile- to arrange Iho preliminaries. Now I sny that' it is a positive disgrace to the tradespeople of (jympieto allow things to ootne to such u puss. . Every rn'ae-.- meeting yet hold has been initiated in Gympie, and I should like to know why this year should bo- an exception. Considering that all our ChristmaB meets have beon very succoBsful,- 1 don't see why our business-men, publioans especially, should fight shy of getting one up this time. 1 do hope the Ono-milors will bo succeRHful, far thoy appear to have the right spirit in them. It would serve iis right if thoy got n oourso of their own and held the raccs there ; for if men won't support a thing thoy onn't expeot to participnte in tho benefits to be dorivod from it. Agnin, I ask is it the proper way to treat a man as Corry bus been treated ' in the matter. He ib the best supporter of iho Turf we ' ' - :? ' \ liavo nnrl did his liciit to rouBU up tho Gympioitosj. but they wore too Bluopy. Ii'b not too lato yet for thom to redeem thoir roputntirin. Lot thom honrtily support tho Ono-milors nnd Monldatiddrs, nnd I'll bo bound to sny tliut tho Christmas Mootijig of 1871 will bo quite oqunl to nny yot hold. Lot us us show, ns wo hnvo already dono on several occa sions, what wo nan -do when wo all unito, [An advortiRomont) in tho prosont isnuo oonvonos a moot ing nt tho Ono-milo in oonnoction with the matter. —Ed. G.T.] 