| THE OPERA. Dtr Ereiechutz," the weird and mystic— yet delightful. masterpiece of Weber— was the cprra performed last night at the Theatre Royal. Never before has it been given In its entirety in Bs'- laeat, although it is within the memory of old resiaeotB here that on Its last representation the mimic thunders of the Incantation scene, and its ghastly ceremonies, were aided by the dements without, for a fearfn! storm raged whilst Oaspsr was invoking the fiend's beet officeB, and the walls of a cbapsl was blown to fiie ground. Last . night's perfor mance had no such calamity to to mark the occa sion, and even where tbe lond-tongned thunder waa looked for in the book, its absence wae the only thing 'remarkable. However, "Der Frti- sdratz" lost evening, kept w targe end fashionable audience enchained .from the opening chorus to tbe closing scene, and foe best points of tb opera won loud and frequent plaudits from' its af- The etoiy is almost too old to need telling, being founded upon a superstitious lrgend In which the Devil is supposed to he st "w bottom of the plot. Max, the intended victim of it; Caspar, the scoundrel who -deceives; and Agatbs, the angel in tbefieah, whose purity saves ber lover's life and soul at the moment when both are in jeopardy. Mr Laacelles, as Kulian, carried off the honors ot his psrt with an easy swagger and a jaunty air, and a get-up of pretUneis that made one almost wonder how far happened to be tbere.namongst the plainly-dressed villagers. Hie query was well timed, Why. good people, are you gazing?" and none wouia dare to disobey the mandate, "Doff ymr hats- Fm Btog to-day." Brooding Max (Mr Annus Beaumont), desperate with Mb ill-luck at having' failed to gain the prise and title of bead-raoger, readily fails iito the trap laid by Caspar (Mr T. Bainford), who also lores 'Agatbs, and agrees to seek the magic tralieta. by which he is to win dis tinction, at midnight in the Wolf's Glen . The second set discovers Anne (Hiss Georgia Hodaon) in Omo's house, where she Is saucily joking Agsfim (Miss Alios May) on < her approach - tag nuptials. Killian enters, and announcer that he has -been the; rlctor - oo the shooting-' wretrnd ; and, after some amusing bits : of flirtation -between Anne and himself, he retiree to find Max. Then we have the gem of the whole opera, the grand scene ".Softly sighs," by Agatha, in- which, in clear, pure, and melo dioos accents,, the prima donna told her tale of love, ber hopes', and fears. Miss May's rendering of the mnsic.'and her action in tbe scena, were both wonderfully artistic st"' -- presrive, and her delight st the tin-- ttnu" v.— SEraS"1 :"J'"-cn shc" bra '--st contagious. In the pleasing 1, - ea'lOuB WlO| ' 'Wu6K| Wbltj Ob tfirrOT; — a!scloses bis intended visit to fits Wolf 's Glen, but is warned by Anne and Agatha of the dangers of the handed spot. The third set Is the great incantation ecene, where Osipar Invokes Zimiel (tbe fisnd) and asks for three mbre years of life if he finds another victim, and that the seventh of the magic bullets may strike the bosom ot his victim's bride. The boon is granted, Max ap- . pears, the incantation begins: — Storm clouds ore rotting, , Tbe moon appeare all stained with blood. Fearful dupes ana mystic forms appalling, His mother's shade, the ghost of Agatha, and other, horrid eights appear to warn the deluded Max ' away. . But stung by tbe taunts of Caspar, he enters toe magic circle end the charm is worked. Too much praise cannot be accorded the ecenic artist und tne mechanist for their success in producing the spectral forms of men end horses, the uncouth shapes of beasts, and quaint and peculiar birds which haunt the stage und float about in upper air. Meteors flit ting In ait directions, and colored fires lending a ghastly hue to the whole, composed a climax mysterious und sensational, such as few have wit nessed in Ballarat, and which wae rewarded with tateuee and well deserved applause. At the close of tbe fourth act, Max by en accident shoots his betrothed, but the magic bullet has passed through Gsspar, who dies, and Agatha is thus restored to become the bride - of her lover. Mr Beaumont received an encore for hi« delightful renderingof the huntsman's solo in thiB act, end tbe chorus was very well given. Mr Bainford bed an arduous task in the psrt of Caspar, but acquitted Mmaelf admirably , giving tbe bravura, " Haste, haste," in oipltal style, and eliciting applause for bis acting and his declamation. Miss Georgia Hodaon was a merry captivating Anne; Mre Fox, and MIsb Lambert aa the bridesmaids. Mr Kitts as Cuuo, and Mr Johnson as Prince Ottakar. cue tained their characters with credit. 'The opera for this evening is " Maritana." 