* THINGS IN GBENERJAL. I will see you hanged like luotpoloe o'er I come auy more to your tents ; L willkeep where there is wit stirring, and luave the feation of fools. T'roilus anu Cresskla. If report speak the truth you are, on Monday tmorning, to receive a" dressing down,' as writers of the Vindox oahltwo would designate a quantity of 'turgid personal abuse, in print. No doubt you heard that your treautenot of the :lis. pital question was to make matter for a crushing attack, and it was kindto havo industriously taken means, to give you a hint of what you might expect. For my own part I must hence forth confess my ignorance of thu ethics of journalism, or at all events discord some notions I had entertained, having reference to the screcsy of news paper authorship. When I hear of a persou connected in some fast and loose t'eshiou with a journal, proclaiming him self the writer of an article reuarkublo only for its course personality and stick at-nothing style, I can only arrive at two conclusions-one, being, ns I have said, that I am ignorant as a native cat of the rules guiding the actions of editors, or, thut there must hIve been wonderlully cogent reasons for thus publicly assumintg responsibility. That "the secrets of the saondnel , regarding the thunder brewaug for your special bhnefit should havoe been pernitted to ooze out, banishes another cherished notion I had reCspoeCtig the anonymity of tihe press. I am niot astoheIhud, hus over, at the wrath evoked ty your last shot at the hospital pcople ; it was a bull's e.e, no fluke or stupid ri'uc?cet bull. ont had sighted your weopon well, and till the other other con ditiots for accuracy of nims being care fully weiglled, the result was a dead contre. You will excuse me writing in military phrase, as I Lave served, as you know. rou hare lnishet d 'our case I proeume, and wait for .the other side, as my friends the men of law would say. So have I, and as I am positively tired of the subject, I will even follow your ezample and " shut up,' as Vindoe would say. It is for the public, I imagine, now to put things to right. One fact, how ever, is clear enough to every unpreju diced mind, viz., that the Times can honestly take credit to itself, with my able assistance (abem) for having exposed. an abuse, and in so doing did its' duty-it is.for the subscribers now to do theirs. I cannot, however, cast the subject aside without mentioning that I had a letter from a lady in Geelong to whom I. had sent a paper containing inadvertently one of my contributions. She wishes to know why (tie rsan, (thero's a way to speak of me ) with the alpha betical signature is "so spiteful over the hospital affair. Surely he need not care whattheydo with the heastlykitehen fat let them render it down in water and rmake eintsent ofif." The idea is good, but somewhat impracticable. Tihe truth is, my amiable, but (not to put too fine a point upon it) eccentrio' correspondent, must cither fancy the people of Gippaland to be in a singularly unwholesome state, or, what is more likely, her ideas are con fused regarding chat constitutes kitchen fat and its amount in our hospital. WVhy tarnel I (as Vandex would say) it strikes me if all the kitchen fat to which the "manr" las been ualluding to wore "rendered down in water," it would make sullicient ointment to anoint all over, every man, woman, and child in 'the colony; and with that fling at my lady friend for prosuming.to pretend to know more about fat than myself, I dismiss the hoseital, I hope, for a long time. VWe live in a progressivo age, and many wonderful things are being done which, astonish ns, and others proposed which, whoe acreomplishcd, will uatonish us still more. One of the latest schiemos for the amelioration of our condition is " a bill to legalise maarrigeo for a limited period." This is a fact, and if the idea proves shocking to a few, it will bring joy and gladness into the hearts of tlhousands.if it could in any way be made 'retrospective. I, even I, myself, would like it, and on soundin" my cifo on the subject she positivciy said she would like it too. The London Globe, with whom I entirely agreeo, considers it would have great advantagee for the harder sex (moaning the rnon, although no power in the world can alter my opinion, that they are not really the softs) as :-" If a man finds his wife negloectful for instance, if she omits to see that ihis shirt buttons are in trim,, if she gives him cold moat for dinner, if sae is habitually late for trains, if she travels with more than lcwt. of luggage', if she runs into debt at the milliner's, if she does not listen to his stories, if she does not laugh at his jokes, if srhe puts Iis papers to rights, if she presents hint with twins, he can hold over lier in terro'rems tihe throeat that he will not renew the partnership." On the other hand there might be disputes, as to who would take the responsibilities of the firm, as it would be no joke for any man to be bound when he wished to be free by having a dozen or so of children stuck to his coat tail. The bill will have to be well considered, but for married folk without inoumbrnnce, such as are preferred for house stewards, Soe., the idea is capital. I know of several married people whose days would be lengthened, if their maarriago were only a partnership, and would expire by olluxion of time. It would render unnecessary n course of liproe. coediug followed by a oortain gentle man in America, who on coming home found that the "domestio hearth.- was cold, the furniture in. fearful disarray, tho eat coiled up on the top of the store, and the lady of the house sitting with her hair in papers and her feet on the table, humming abstractedly some Chinese air, " Ching through Georgia." flo expos tulated with an axe handle ; there wasno noticeable improvement. lio protested with an iron skillet; the change for thie better was inapprociable. lie adminis tered a sharp rebuke. with the potato'masher; the family meal was not materially ace/lerated. lie was discouraged; he condescended to ask an explanation," and he was told some trumpery 'story of her having kissed General Sharman, and she was henceforth not for him, winding up by declaring that "if he wanted ena thing to eat he mi)ght cook it' himselt." '! Do it yourself"' is the threut of every woman since thoe days of Eve, and a little of it does not matter, but wlhin there is too much ".Do it yourself" then the Limited Matrimonial Bill would be im ueersely useful. The hon. member for Emerald Hill (Mr. Whiteman) has explained the origin of the word " larrikin;" and it is simply as follows :--Constable Dalton, of Mel bourne, having a special " down" on street arabs, and speaking the Irish brogue pure and undefiled, stated in court that a batch of boys he had before the magistrates had been caught "lark- ing," or as he said "larrikin." Hence the new word, which no doubt will one day have a place in the dictionary. I can now easily understand why Mr. Vale and the other Bounderboys of the Assem bly take such a tender interest in the Bedouins of the street, and are disposed to wink at their larrikin proceedings. Fancy the tricksey Longmore, the great Bounderbey, being a party to carry on a crusade against his class - the frolicsome larrikin ; or the uncouth, blatant Vale running a muck against himself. No, indeed, "a fellow feeling makes us won- derous kind." There are several members of the Bounderbey family in the 'Ouse Sir - -legislative larrikins Sir - none of your pampered smooth spoken men, but men who grew from nothing, Sir, and call a spade a spade, Sir. Practical joking is sometimes amusing, but more frequently it is simply unmean- ing and mischievous, and it is especially reprehensible when a newspaper indulges in the propensity. Although I am not much given to superstition, and can read such words as "abracadabra" without shud- dering, still when find such cabalistic letters as the following in the very first line of a newspaper, I somehow fancy I can hear the clanking of chains, and can smell brimstone. If the object was to startle the weakminded, then the foolish writer may claim success for his foolery, but no one, unless a believer in witches and every other sort of diablerie, could for an instant imagine the devil would answerer a summons couched as follows: MELBOBAYUNITEDDURNE and Hob- son's. ' IVrhy the " anrd llobson'sP Aro the lobso u'a good for raising the foul fierid, rand is it a name of ipower to the king of evil nad must be obeyed. It is too bad of the Ale to ifrighiten its numer ous readers ii suchI a silly flshilon. Let its articles be as-as hot as they can be esrade, srndl won'teeomplnin,but there is no reason why cabalistic words should be thrust before one's eyes, leading to the impresscion that if they were read in a par treulnrway the devil would nppcnr in pro pris rresona. I have heard at said tihat fy reading lthe Lord's prayer backwrardls, his Majostydown, below would appear, but it must be an idle fable, and yet I would not like to do it, neither would I like to spell tIho .g's mysterious line backwards, although Iknow there's nothing in it. I commenced by alluding to a storm which I was given to understand was about to burst on on your devoted head, and I think I cannot do better,than wind up this communication with an earth quake. An Invercargill paper reports that "-Riverton was visited with a most remarkable shock of eartqunake." I should think it was indeed, judging by what one person says about it:-" At Mr Anstono's a gentleman described it as the most wonderful shock lie ever felt in his life. It altered the position of some of the pictures, and the glass suspenders quite rang out a tune. It does not ap. pear to have been a ground shock, for people standing about had no idea of it,. neither was the floor of the school affected by it. It seemed to travel from 8\. to N. the shock being the more re markable as fl'ecting the tops of build ings first." It will be aeon that it was not a ground shok for it aft'cted the tops of the buildings first. Was it an earth quake at all, or was it only such an event as terrified the Geolongese the other day when the 08-pounder gun was fired P If Mr Anstono is right in saying it wasnt a ground shock why the deuce call it an oerthquake. He hias not informed us what tune was rung out by the "glass suspenders" but more than likely it was " lor hu's a jolly good fellow, and so say all of us, with. a hip, hip, - " and all the rest of the usual foolery. Next to a good ghost story-and. spirits. ro bbgin ning to prowl about--a frightful murder in which the tragib scene is wound up by the murdoror finishing himself; or a elandestine mnrriage I know of nothing moro adapted to enthral the attention than an earthquake, especially such a one as that at l]ivorton, whore the suspendors not only played a tune but a Mr locoke " expected to see all the bottles on the floor as they fairly danced about." This is the jolliest sort of quake I have read of for some time, and if it would only stroll around to this quarter and initiate a danco to wake the people up, it would do good, and all the young ladius would be so glad, it would bo so nice. al, 1th , , Q. E. D." Salo, 13th 31a0y . 