_'_Z_í SPIRITS IN LONDON. Mk_iiou_N)ï-according to the San linger of Light, the organ of the Victorian spiritists has its " mediums," its "circles," its wonder- working " invisible ;" but (he " spirits " on this side the globe have evidently something to learn from their English confreres. The following is from the London Doing Telegraph of July 6 i s 'i the new goals of the metropolitan spirits become common, the difficulties of London locomotion will be quickly solved We need have no disputed about bad cubs, narrow omnibuses, underground rails,ovorgtound Iramvinys, or even travelling balloons, if it be true that Mrs. Guppy, described by her friends as "one of the biggest women in London," can be carried through the air from Highbury to Lamb's Conduit-street in tho course of a ten minutes. This remarkable event took place on the 3rd of June, 1871 : eight witnesses, not counting the transported lady and the two mediums, testify to it I and those eight include Mr Henry Morris, described as a " Manchester merchant of high standing," Mr. Edwards, a B.A. of Cambridge, and other ladies and gentlemen who sign their names and use- a dresses to the a Interment. The story is simple A duck loans took place at the lodgings of the two mediums. A point voice exclaimed that " Mrs. Guppy" would be brought 5 a heavy body was " licnuV'to descend on the table; a light was struck, and there una Mrs. Guppy, large as life, but without her shoes, and apparently in a trance! On coming to" who trembled all over naturally enough, as I though it medium, skins probably mean customers to travelling rapidly through the air, and stand- a rug on a train with ten gentlemen sitting round her, connect them at angels, is a dying position. Tin occurred at ten minutes just 8 profusely. , j She was escorted home in a cab, and her friend, , a Miss Key and, declared that she had been a | sitting with Mr. Guppy in urging household accounts, when Ella only visible by di appen Jil. I In " corroboration" of this little fact, it must be mentioned, that when Mrs. Guppy do I attended on the table of Lamb's Conduit and cot, that had an account book in her hand, and the ink was still wet on the word "onions," the very last word addressed to her by her friend. It It should also be stated that, a lion Miss Ney is land missed her friend, who searched for her i " up steps, downstairs, and in my lady's chain a her, and then, up at duty build, went and told Mr. Guppy. bands playing billiards, and i g lily replies 1, " No doubt the Sports have un- i ned hair oil, but they will take out of her." lines when supper smile, and there 'was no Mrs, Guppy, this bold man was not cast down. He asked the Spirit-, was the Bitfu? They tapped out " You," must 30 he went to hold model husband area under tirtumitiuiees calculated to test mm Uni confide no to the -times. But he was partially Usidtoil. Homo time before he had no experience in iibtoiiiidiiig Mr. Jfeiruo, umeJiiini, dropped in" one being noT in the ro'iiiiionplueo way, but through walls and ceilings, in spite of fu lead window a man locked doors. That, too, happened at twenty minutes past 10 the most- appealing to the lady as a black ban Ho descending from the culling F" G into the hills') and, less favored, simply finds him on the floor of his 1 it t lo In. useful a room and in the company of his agitated wife " As Mr. ili'iuia devised, his heart beat violently, and he suffered much from therefore appeal to Mr. Guppy's cellar that, we are confident, was not made in mm. What once was it of all this What becomes of natural him as, if a heavy lady can lightly That over London, and disputes with the, draught, 'prison or even with the use of hope We ? Oini early enough, in the ancient in tance the Rue du ability of matter was returned, although it lost its other elnirtfti'usticj Mrs Guppy house' down on the table with "a busy sound," although she passes through the will without letting it to one before!. We are fully inclined to believe the testimony of the gentlemen who say that they saw him only on the table in Lamb's Conduit-street a bid him the affection that she came through the me, the will, of the door, by the agency id spirits, is not a hu (ki Thy 'ho tes'iiiiijuy of ten thousand as r I ulllrinatioiiB. There a no mace in a lady's getting on a table in the dark. " she need no (ghost come from the grave to tell us that it is possible; and we adopt as fact, that at ten minutes past 8 Min. Guppy so happy soul in Ijiiub's Coiului'elicit. But we find entirely wanting the other up- in lice, that his win in the II -di ut neighbours it is born that amid make him- to reselling by j ordinary man's impossible. VVIion Miss Ni r trial was asked to buy a "last hour tile and Mrs. Guppy wire tightly in, one hand, I, "I do not know now ; it is, lit have it on about 9 o'clock " Time, for want of an eel b cu June the whole of a (collapses; and the hall in aid of ! witnesses surely prove Unit Mrs. Guppy up runs at OlellUlg interest in position-) after I countries, and in a style of dates not yet adopted in fiisluoili.hli) his Yet will is me to record, that this simple apparition of a portly lady in Lamb's Conduit sign is called by the Spiritual Magazine the " to disport union of mediums," and that spiritualists. in I London are seen in over the new miracle '' We only hope that the ton- a legion will not open it It all husband li were good and great like Mr. Guppy, and went quietly to boil when their nuts disease in' without names)", and thtnutuptud line a lot in with resignation, not to say courts at, all would be well. But we think we may Kindly say, that if other vines are to imitating her, thur lim animals may not irritate him 'Jjnio among in my harsh and brutal, suspicious and unkind, and they would not like to and the wiles of the bosoms I in aid iiil()tlio«e "flying onion" whom Poles Willuns so madly loved. Women's | ( rights have been allotted to a great extent of late, and hut in n nor to am for exceeding Unit latitude of the latch key north into lime long injoyoJ-mid so i freely abused. If, when a Ulan comes down to supper, he finds his wife gone on! with him spirits, leaving only a pair of slippers on his started hourly, his temper may not find it. for fun he like, when he comes home for a quiet evening, to find a nude medium on the floor of his library, and to be told that he had just "dropped" through the ceiling and want J something to drink. It is curious enough that exactly at the time when this strange tale of the flying habits of the female Guppy-to use the course but exact language of naturalisation published, there should appear a scientific paper by a scientific man on the odd and curious phenomena asso elated with the presence of Mr Home the well known medium Mr x,\, drain > rookes, the editor of the Quarterly Journal of" Science, in physicist of Indi repute, has been fully investigated Mr Homes manifestations the points to which he directed his attention i were (1) the alteration in the weight of bodies and (2) the playing of times on musical niMrumi nts with human agency Mr Crookes constructed an apparatus by which he could test in pounds exactly the amount of pressure ever used on a mahogany box 1 Olio end of the board was on a table, and, when Mr. Home's fingers rested on it, the other end descended to the same extent at one time as if there had been a "pull'' of six pounds Mr Crookes tiled what he could do, by losing the whole weight of his own body on the end barely touched by Mr Home's fingers, and he found that even by " jerking" no could only allow it to the extent of a two pounds " pull " He next placed an accordion in a uno cago open at the top Mr Home, in the presence of four witnesses, in a room fully lighted by gas, touched the end farthest from the keys, and the accordion played in tune, the cage be surrounding the maintains that nobody could touch the Keys which was visible all the time Mr Crookes said that those experiments indi eulo a " new for co," which he calls ' Psychic" a force radiating from some men and at uncertain times so that the absence of the force in other men or at other times will not disprove its existence His witnesses in this experiment, who endorse his amount, sure Dr Higgins, the astronomer, and Mt Sergeant Cox-the one biniguy Biitntillc, the other legal knowledge the Sergeant, with great courage, states the theory of the new form as a force and leading from the new system capable of imparting motion and weight to solid bodies within the sphere of its nifiiiuiio"-forniatnnco, tallied and chairs He also considers it purely " fireman " We say nothing its to to the cove , in o respectfully met for further facts But if this new light be true, it more entirely upsets " spirit " rapping than any thing else yet announced When cape come announcing that out deceased grandmother with s lie to me by Mary Ann Jones, vic shall know in future that the message comes from the very human nerves, of Mary Ann's sister, sitting at the other side of the table All of us are willing enough to be have any thing that would dispel the monotony of usual life with its births, deaths, and mar images, beat firsts, dinners, and suppers, mon vv onion, and children, and nothing else If there were spots, with new forms, and now locomotion, and flying women and garrulous grandmothers long deceased, we should all rejoice And in that hope who has not ant found habits mute as a mouse, gallons of a man, listening to nina which, being the noted, not no better than the everyday talk of the "present company," only stammered out through noisy wood? Who has not ml bottle pretty » onion, bolted on a or duties, and felt that in the cause of science one could look at such handsome jvuceliescs of the new religion for several successive hours? Yet, no little Petnkm" observed, with a wisdom boy on This tree, " what good i area of it at the last? Not a word was said that the medium could not have said in her waking hours Jim was the perpetual miníes that ghosts should wall., and quite a come from legions the most remote, shortly to cattle prove not half dogged us I had uttered in the lucid intervals of the opening thou Hid in do was "broken up," and, some lady being asked to play BOinothing," r miersation set in with its accustomed vivacity Now all Hub strangeness is dispelled, if Mr Cook es and Sergeant Cox are light in their Blip position, That the move month made the runs come invisible from the "names" of somebody pin start vine is nearly a wiser nor better than the room] and round, and who is lysupon uaihioiigh the agency of his abnormal gift But still the use "more force" does not explain Mrs Guppy's flight, not Mr teams to play this prank of entering breakfast-room on all fours, in heralded, unexpected and unannounced 