REPUGNANCY REVIVED. , The late mail from England has brought out to us, in the form of a British Parlia. mentary Paper, the correspondence which took nlace in reference to the first of the two Bills passed in the last session of the South j Australian Parliament to legalize marriage with a deceased wife's sister. The correspondence appears to have been \ ' ' pre- ? sented by command of Her Majesty,' and ordered to be printed on the 6th of March last, but for what inscrutable purpose this was done it is hard to say. The document; embodies, the iormal despatches of His : Excellency Sir James Fergusson forwarding the Bill for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure, a copy of the Bill itself, the report of our Attorney- General thereon, and the; reply, of Lord Kimberley which we published some six monthB ago. At first sight these documents would how seem; to have no interest whatever, . but 'the i Attorney^: General's report is so remarkable a State paper that we quote it entire :—-, ' Mr. Baker to the Chief Secretary. '...;-, . - . «f Attorney-General's Office, ! , . .. ? r. Adelaide, June 15, 1870- y [ 'Sir^I have the honour to. report, for the., information of His Exci^Ilency tne Governor, with reference to the Bill of 1870,' intituled 'An Act to legalize the Marriage of a man with the Sister of Ms Deceased Wife,' that three Bills of a similar nature were, on the 27th January, 1858, on the 17th December, 1860, and on the 12th November, 1863, respectively reserved by the Governor for the time being for the signifi cation of Her Majesty's pleasure, but were not assented to by Her Majesty' ; ' 'Under these circumstances, and as, the Imperial Statute 5 and 6 William 4th, cap. 54, has the force of , law in this province, the Billnow forwarded to His Excellency, which originated in the House of Assembly, and finally passed both Houses on the 9th instant, appears to me to be repugnant to the law of England, and there fore His Excellency should reserve this Bill for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure. 'I have, '&c.;, ' R. C. BlkER/Attorney-General. ; 'The Hon. the. Chief -Secretary;'- This brief report possesses three distinc tive features, each one of which is deserving, of special consideration. The most startling of these is the resuscitation of the exploded doctrine of repugnancy. Bearing in mind the lucid definition of .this ports asinorum of legislators which the. present Chief Justice put forth many years ago, and which all the home authorities nave practically confirmed, and recollecting how completely the ghost of repugnancy was laid in the validating Acts, we cannot but wonder to see it once more in the flesh, tormenting the peace of ~ the Attorney-General, and as pregnant with mischief as ever, although happily not. quite so powerful. But if Mr. R. C. Baker has surprised us by succumbing to the inexplicable attractions of this legal ignis fatuus, what shall we say, in the second place, of the . reasons he assigns for dragging the Deceased Wife's Sister's Marriage BPl after him? They appear to be twofold. The Bill, he reports, is repugnant- to the law of Erigl?nd — firstly, because it ' has thrice been disallowed- by Her Majesty; and secondly, because the Imperial Statute 5 and 6 William IV., cap. 54, has the force of law in this province. ' This, . of course, is the Act by which such marriages were for the first time declared illegal; their so-called 'repugnancy,' although unknown to Little* ton and Coke, and undetected by the learned Blackstone, having been ultimately dis covered by a legal luminary of this remote dependency. Of course it is clear that simple unlikeness does not constitute repug nancy.' The latter implies an inherent quality which even an Imperial statute; would scarcely have power to remove. It would have been thus more satisfactory if, the Attorney-General had assigned a' more comprehensive reason f or his denunciation of the Bill than the mere fact that it sought to modify one of the laws we: brought with us in the foundation of the colony. - It is true he urges that a similar Bill has been already thrice disallowed, but unless some occult influence attaches to the mystic number three, simple disallowance is surely not con elusive evidence of repugnancy. So grave a charge was never made by the Imperial authorities in connection with these Bills, and surely they would have told us had such legislation been in their judgment ultra vires. In the third place the advice tendered to His Excellency is a woful anti- climax to the heavy indictment preferred against the BilL Seeing that the Governor's instruc tions expressly prohibit his assenting to any such law, it was surely needless to exhume this defunct dogma in order to justify the reservation of the measure. Had it indeed been 'repugnant to the law of England' in the only sense in which the phrase has any value as affecting our Colonial legislation had: it^ that is to say, been repugnant to the express provisions of an Imperial Act spe dally applying to this colony— it would have been the duty of the Attorney-General J ) adviae His Excellency at once to disallow it But a still more perplexing speculation ^stili renuini. How was it that the Parliament was not forewarned of the illegality of its proceedings? 'When the Attorney-General voted for the se rad ip: Vig of the Bfil had its i3pu&i;»noy nob yet dawned upon his mind? Surely it needed no deep subsequent research to discover that a .similar B^l had already been tbrir 3 fallowed, and tMt '. the Imperial Statute 5 and. 6 William IV., cap. 54, has tbe force of law in this province,' and yet these are the only reasons^ he assigns for his opinion. ,' ' But there is another aspect to this question,, In, this instance the extraordinary ''course pursued by the Attorney-General is simply food for amrianent, but in matters of graver momect. it might; lead 'to serious abuses. We know from -past experience how *Vs baseleFa flu Dry of repugnancy-- may embarrass the -administration of 'the law/ but it is a new thing for it to be invoked in order to impede the final step in the enact ment of the law itself. Ts it to be tole&ted; that an Attorrey-General should interpose: his individual opir:on to prevent the Go tfernbr from giving effect to a law which has passed both Houses of the Legislature? Had the Parliament been duly warned, had it been counselled to take legal advice upon the impropriety of its proces dings, it wouldhave been another matter. But for a Ministerof ?the Crown to encourage the Legislature in its illegal acts and then to counteract their effect by his secret veto, is to assume a power which cannot be safely sanctioned. By srch means the labour of a whole session nyght be destroyed, withoub the possibility of interference on the paib of the Parliament. It will be noted, too, that this hew mode of checkmating a strong opposition would scarcely lay the Ministry adopting it open to challenge on the resumption of business in the next session. It might be plausibly urged that the advice of the Attorney General was not given in his political capacity. The Cabinet would no doubt demonstrate that they had strongly advised His Excellency to assent to the burked measure. But when called upon, not as a responsible Minister, but as the chief law officer of the Crown, to report to the Governor as to the effect of the Bill, the Attorney-General would of course be bound in conscience to sink all personal inclinations and give his honest opinion en the subject. If that opinion proved adverse to the legality of the measure, it was of course his clear duty to Bay so, and it would be hard indeed to punish him, and still more his colleagues, for his conscientiousness. ; But the evil of establishing such a prece dent does not stop here. In cases where Bills have passed both Houses of Parliament it is the plain duty of the Government either to promote the final success of these measures, or,. if they cannot conscientiously do so, to resign. If, as in. the case before xis, the Governor's instructions require the reser. vation of a Bill for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure, it is equally clear that the responsibility of disallowing this solemn act of the local Legislature should rest solely with the authorities of Downing street. It, is not for the constitutional sup. porters of a measure to offer the Home Government an excuse for shifting that responsibility elsewhere. Who shall Bay that the extra-judicial opinion expressed iii ? the Attorney-General's report above quoted may not in some degree have influenced the adverse decision of Lord Kimberley? Had His Lordship replied to us, 'How can I advise Her Majesty to assent to a measure which your own Attorney-General declares to be repugnant to the law of England!' what could we. have Eaid ! Mr. R. C. Baker may have been individually prejudiced against this particular measure, but he should not have. allowed his bias to have scope in an official document. It was not for him to suggest to the Colonial Office a grpund for rejecting the Bill. Pne excuse may be tendered for the Aitorney-Genera! He was new to office and wholly inexperienced when he pennclthe report which has called foith these remarks. He may not have weighed carefuPy the effect of what he was writing. Subsequent experience may have modified his views. Ttie theory of- repugr?ucy may have faded from his mind, as ? suddenly as it developed itself. In apparent confirmation of this second change of opinion, it is noteworthy that 'he urged no such objection when the Bill was again brought forward six months afterwards, We have no means of knowing what was his report to His Excellency on th« latter or ras:on; but if, as we may charitably surmise, it ignored the question of repug n-ncyj pud s;mply followed the precedents alirady on record in tbe office by advising the Governor to act in accordance with the terms of his instructions, we may fairly aet down the eccentricities of bis first report to 'the exuberant imaginawon of a young official, for which the matured experience of atwelvemonthlater can scarcely beheld re sponsible. Praise rather than blame should be accorded to one who can show that he has gained in wisdom since his first half-fledged eBsays at Ministerial responsibility. A fault repaired may often be a better criterion of administrative ability tfian an official career without a flaw. The one may indicate art independent judgment, the other savour merely of redtape. 