SELECT POETRY. THE INDIAN'S GRAVE, Christian ! I heard my father Bay, Upon his dying bed, That many a'liuudred leagues away Reposed his nations dead; And ere his spirit sank to rest, His dim eve glisten'd on the west. It was not that the sun stood there Iu robes of sparkling glow, Though he had often knelt in prayer To that bright god—ah, no! His golden smites had not the power To soothe him at his latest hour. It was the thought which could not melt In life's last agony, Of scenes where once his sires had dwelt Before yoy crossed the sea. And memory's spirit not subdued, Pointed to this far solitude. He said he wisli'd to wither here. He died:—I slung my bow, And travelled many a desert drear, Though worn an weary now. I ecouyed the forest and the brake, J swam the stream, and crossed the lake. Here lived my sires, and here they lie, Here rose the battle's din :— Think'st thou that rorn and wine can buy Tlje ashes of my kin ? JJay, do not tell mevthou hast sown Thy treasures o'er each wither'd bone ; The mansion is the dead's— 'tis mine ; Each low unhonoured head Loved the blue sky, then let it shine Upon tlieir humble bed! The sun, that cheered them on the hill, Oh! let it beam above them still; Thou hast the plain—there dig and sow, There let thy harvests wave; But the wild desert flowers must grow Upon my kindred's grave ; The peace-tree withers on its stalk— who unsheathed the tomahawk? "Why did you leave your land of birth, "Why did you leave your land of birth, Beueaili your your native sky ? Oil! was there not enough of earth "Where you and yours might die— - No homes where young affection dwelt-^ !No graves where love and faith have knelt Enough! thou know'st we once were free, Those sunny hours are past, An outcast wanderer begs of phee A crave to rest at last j Plant on it—spurn this poor request, And death's last curse sliail with the rest. Stranger! my father's ghosts are strong, Swift, as the lightning streams Athwart the clouds they rush along From the dim land of dreams. I'll pray to them as by the roll To fix their red shafts in thy soul! They'll hurl the fierce destroying blast . Upon thy blooming bowers. And the dark earthquake's shadow cast Around thy haughty towers ; On the black hurricane they'll tread, And flap its blue wings o'er thy head! But if thou grant'st my sire a home, The star of peace will shine, And hope will blossom round thy dome, And every joy be thine. Oh ! 'tis not much, for child to cra^e 'One spot to dig a father's grave ! 