A WEAKMINDED B.A. In our last we pointed out to the readers of those ridiculously silly productions, called " Catholic Truth Tracts," that the Rev. Mr. Bamfield's "first grand step towards the Catholic Church," viz., his parting with his " private judgment " was an absurdity — an impossibility — which could not be stated unless by a man not far from being demented. "We showed him and his readers that as his " private judgment" had enabled him to find the true Church, and the true religion, it was the last act of folly and ingratitude to part with such a friend as no longer necessary. But as he has parted with his " private judgment," how are we to reason with him 1 How are we ever to have access to him % How are we to point out that he has made a mistake 1, As the " Church " is now substituted for his "private judg ment" — as he has noAV neither will, nor thought, nor judgment of his own, it is as futile to reason with as if he had been " converted " into a machine. We do not believe in any such conver sion. It is not possible thus to put off humanity. Notwithstanding that he says that he has given up his "private judg ment," we are pretty confident that he is self-deceived. Let us make a few appeals. Mr. B,\m- field says thai " our great work upon this earth is to save our souls ; " but if this gentleman has given up his " private judgment" how is he to know this fixct, or to perform this work ? Again, he says that it is our " duty to search for truth ; " but how is it possible for a man to searcli without his private judgment to guide him and examine? Still again, Mr. B. says that " for the fulfilment of this duty wo must all answer at the judgmsnt day," but, surely, if a man is to be judged at the last day, it is absurd to deny that he has a right to keep and exercise his private judgment, and as absurd to deny that his private judgment is competent to under take and fulfil this duty of searching! Nothing, we think, can be plainer than this ; and if Mr. B. is beyond this appeal we hope, that some of the readei-s of the tracts will have sense enough to perceive its force. Again, Mr. B. says that "he cannot find language strong enough in which to declare his conviction that the Catholic Church alone honours and loves the scrip tures," and that "it is a mystery to liitn how any one can i-ead the scriptures and not become a Catholic." It is clear that Mr. B. was employing his " private judg ment" when he formed and declared such a " conviction'; " for it is not possible for a man to have; a " conviction " who has given up his " private judgment." But it is almost a sufficient proof that /we "in-iva to judgment " is thoroughly unreliable, since, from existing facis, he ha.s drawn such a conclusion. "The Catholic Church alone loves Sciipture !", How ? By keeping it locked up in an unknown tongne ? for it must he borne in mind that " the church " hc.s never 'trdns- lated the Scriptures into any Idnguag iioio spoken by men I By prohibiting the common people from reading it and interpreting it ? for it is pei'fectly certain that the church has never revoked the prohibition in the IV. Rule of the Index against reading the Scriptures in the common tongue. But this is queer love — lest the book should be mistaken and spoiled I — Then, it is a "mystery to Mr. Bampielu, that any body can read the Scriptures and not be come a Catholic !" But if the Priestg thought this, would not they in their desire to make people Catholics, encourage and promote the reading of the Scriptures? Would not " the church" be most diligent in printing and circulating the Scriptures ? Instead of beads, crosses, masses and rot ting relics, would not priests use Bibles for the extension of their church ? but what is the fact? The church never uses the Bible to make people Catholics : it never prints a single Bible utiless in the Latin ; it never circulates the Bible ; it fulminates curses against those who dare to do so; andjif ir could, it would put all the verna cular Bibles in the fire. And the fact is patent to all the world, that , the Bible reading people aie all Protestants ; nor does a Catholic ever begin to read the Bible, and to judge of his church by the doctrines of the Bible without first doubt ing, and then denying that the Catholic Church is the church of CilBlST But Mr. BAMFIEI.D finds in the Scrip tures thetnselves the texts, "No prophecy of the Scriptures is of any private inter pretation." What then does he do with this text ? Why, he reads it and uses it as if it said " no Scripture is to be pri vately interpreted !" But as a B.A. of a learned univeraity, he ought to see and to know that the text says no such thing. Mr. Bamfield reads it as if it were a pro hibition of private reading and private interpretation: but so far from this, it ia a strong reason why people should read for it tells us that as the prophecies of the Scripture are not of the prophets' own un folding or invention, but the direct leve- latibn of the spirit of God, we ought to give the more heed to them. — "We ought," says the Apostle, " to take heed unto the sure word of prophecy, knowing this espe cially, that no prophecy of the Scrip ture is of any private invention (of the prophet) ; for the prophecy came not in. old time bj the will of man (by man's own private will) but holy men of God apoikm as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." We hope the readers of the " Catholic Tracts" will see in this that Mr. Bamfield takes as a dissuasive from private leading and private interi)reting of the Scriptures a passage which i.s a strong encouragement and ar<;ument to the vory contrary. Then Mr. Bamfield finds in the Scrip ture this other passage. In the Epistles of Paul there " are certain things hard to be understood, which tliey that are unlearned . do wrest as they do also the other Scriiitures to their own destruction." Well : what does he do with this passage ? Why, he accepts it as a reason for his giving up his "private judgment," and leaning upon others I But if the 'Apostle had meant this could he not have stated it? If he meant this could he not liave said what the Church say.s, and Vhat Mr. B., says, as best and right in such circumstan ces, viz., to give up private judgment and lean on the judgment of the Church or priest? But the Apostle says no such thing. He says the very contrary ; for, while he admits that there are sotue things hard to be understood, he plainly means that the majority of the thingsare?ioihard , while he refers only to Paul's epistles he plainly implies that this is not the case with the others'; while he warns the Mn/ear?iet/ against wresting those iiassaes referred to, his warning Jias only to do- .witii the wresting of them ; winle he forbids wresting, he does not forbid rcad- ing ; nay, while tho above passage shows that the unlearned did read, it also shows that the only preservative against the wresting forbidden is to read snore; — "but grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." Here again, therefore, the capacity or iionesty of M r. Bamfield is clearly to be questioned : for he puts a construction on the words of the Apostle .which those words will not beaiy and commits" the very ciime which the Apostle is forbiddihg ; for' no wresting of Scripture could be. greater than , this which sets Scripture against Scripture ! ' But ne.xt, Mr. B. says that if the read- ing of the Scripture was a duty Christ would have, commanded it.! He says also that Christ commanded the oU.servin"' of the Supper, but lie said nothing about the' Scriptures ! ' He says that Christ's. last charge to KKs disciples was to "preach and baptize,", but not a word about study ing arid circulating the Scriptures ! He aays too that the " early Christians met for the breaking of bread and prayers, but they held no Bible meetings i" Then he aays that the command, " Read the Scrip tures," never once occurs in the epistlee of Paul. Then he adds that Timothy and Titus were never required to read the Scriptures or circulate the Scriptures, and that they never themselves gave this injunction to others ! And then passing over all such passages as that one of Christ, "Search the Scriptures," he comes to the conclusion that neither Christ, nor His Apostles, nor the Scriptures them selves give any support to the reading and circulation of the Scriptures as practised by Protestants 1 Nay, Mr. B. goes further j for as reading implies that children will be sent to school to leurn to read, and implies that books will be either printed or written — and no command is to be found in Scripture for sending children to school, or for printing or writing books — therefore Mr. B. concludes most logically that if the command had been given to " search the Scriptures," it would have been an im possibility to more than a half of the human race ! All this is unquestionably a plea for ignorance ; and as no command can be found for sending children to school to learn to read, ignorance is evidently better than. knowledge, and schools are evidently forbidden in Scripture ! One is ashamed to transcribe such nonsense. No com mand can be found for morning ablutions ; therefore Mr. B. should not wash; and his dirt will have the defence of Scripture, and bring him doubtless near to that peculiar holiness for which monks have been famous, whose filth and vermin were truly heavenly ! Schools ought decidedly to us put down; printers ought to be persecuted for their "cunning art .;" and all baths and soap should be abolished ; for . no command in Scripture can be found for them I It is wonderful what wisdom and logic a B.A., Oxon, represents. We shall conclude in our next. 