COUNTRY NEWS. A man named Henry Mills was killed by falling down the shaft of the Durham and Cumberland mine, states tho Eagiehawk Leader of Friday night. Ax elderly man has boon amstod by the Woodend police, charged with counterfeiting shilling corns. The prisoner had tho impu dence to ask several well-known residents of Nowham to assist him in forging shilling coins, and this led to his arrest. The police have disooverod the material and plant for coining in a hut formerly occupied by the prisoner at Nowham. A rather dangerous experiment was in dulged in on the 6th inst. by a servant girl at Maryborough. She appears to have been filling a lamp with kerosene, and having put in too much of it, to have swallowed a draught of tho liquid out of the globe by way of reducing the quantity. The doso was about two or three table spoonsful. Medical advico was at onco sought, and correctives in the shapo of olivo oil and boiled milk ad ministered. She was subsequently taken to the hospital in a very uneasy state, but for tunately, states tho Advertiser, no serious resultB are anticipated. The chief complaint of those travelling to tho Stockyard Creok diggings is in regard to the distance, but to obviate this a party iB (states the GippsLand Times) now engaged in blaziog a track from tho Moe, from which place, it is alleged, tho diggings can bo roaahid in about thirty miles, thus saving nbout a hundred milrs in doing away with the ne cessity of going round by Alberton. There is also some (alk of attempting to blaze a traok from tho Crossover, which, if success fully carried out, will still further lessen the distance of Stockyard Creek from Mel bourne. A very narrow escape (says tho Jlcnd'ajo Evening News) occurred on tho railwoy on Thursday. As a light goods train was pro ceeding in the direction of Melbourne from the Sandhurst station, it had to slacken itB speed noar tho three-arch bridge, in conse quence of tho approach of another train. On doing so, the engineer observed what ap peared to bo tho body of a man lying across the line directly in front of him. Ho stopped (Jjo engine, and prooooded to tho object, t?hlch fa? bo a man in a helpless state of intoxication, w£9 hasl 1 considerable sum of money about him. He was uuablo to give any account of himself, A serious uccidcnt (slates tho Courier of tho 7th July) took place on Thursday morning at tho No. 2 shaft of the Goldon Stream claim, Scarsdale, to a man named Isaac Allison. He, with five other men, was on tho cage for being drawn up to leave tho shift at eight o'clock, and had given tho sigual, and the cnge had just turned, when a piece of timber, some feet long, and about the thickness of a piece of quartering, came rattling down, striking lhe cage in tho first iustanco, and then hitting Allison on tho head. Tho blow knocked him down senseless. Tho other five were unhurt. Tho braceman was raising a pick at tlio time to split a piece of wood, but which started off into tho shaft, with the result stated. Allison's ultimate recovory is con sidered doubtful Tho Kilmore Guardian, 6th July, report i tho ca33 of a wliolo hyuily being brought up on a chargo of burglary. They consisted of James Fitzpatrick, his wiio and children. They were charged with bavin-' broken into and robbed the house of Mrs. O'Mara, in the Nowtownslnp. Airs. O'Alara was absent at Ballarat, and her bouso was locked up. Her mother, who lives near the place, observed somo of the palings broken in the fence sur rounding her daughter's house, and making her way into the yard, and then to her house, Bhe found boxes rifled of their con- touts, aud a bag of llour also gone. .She at once gavo information to the police, who, with a search warrant, went to the bouse of Jaraos Fitzpatrick, near Wilson's Mill, where they found tho wholceSf the missing property. Fitzpatrick, his'tvifo and children, woro at onco arrested and brought up before tho police magistrate on Friday morning. Thoy woro remanded, at tbo requoat of the police,, for seven days. Tho Burnt Bridge correspondent of the JIaJlarat Star 7 tli July writes : — " For some time past strango stories have been related of an apparition B.-iid to be seen in an unin habited houso at Burnt Bridge. Some of our spirited yonng men at Lai Lai boldly volun teered to asocrtain tbo truth of tho exist ence of tho ghost by seeking an intcrviow. Having Becnred a Grimean veteran, Charlio Baird, for their loader, a squail of tu-olvo paid a nocturnal visit to tbo scene, distant about fivo inilos. At intervals tho speetro made its appeifrance as was itB wont, en veloped in white, and carried a light lhat shone with uncommon brilliancy ; and from tbo bouse issued a noise like that produced by wheeling a barrow up aud down a stair. My informant, tbo loader of the advonturons party, states that ho was completely para lysed from what lie saw — his legs trembled and bis hair Btood on end. So convinced iB he that all he saw and heard was unearthly, tbat, to use his own words, he would rather faco a charged mitrailleuse in tlio bauds of an enemy than enter the chamber in which tho spectre was foen. I hear. that two deaths under peculiar circumstances — one a ease of Bolf-destruotion — took place in tho haunted building, and that the bodies aro interred in tho field adjoining." Tho Ararat Advertiser gives tho following instanco of porsovorance on tho part of a selector. A settler who, in one of the early selections of 1865, was fortunate onongh to obtain nearly a full section, found himself, after paying his first half-year's rent in ad vance, with a large and increasing family, and exactly £14 in cash. Nothing dauntad by the smallncss of bis capital, ho laid out ono half of it in blacksmith's tools, and tho balance in a few necessary provisions for immodiate ,use, and a9 much timber as ho conld procure towards sotting up a forgo on a very limited scale, and a dwelling hut of a very primitive construction. H o commenced business at once, and odd jobs from his neighbors camo in, few at first, but increas ing by degrees ; his spare time being occu pied with the fencing in of his allotment, id which work ho was assisted by bis young family according to their several capacities. By untiring industry he bos since been able to get all his lat d under cultivation, to build a mora substantial house, to pay all his rout, and at tho present moment ho is known and respected as a well-to-do man, with a healthy account at his banker's. Wc are surrounded by many instances of prosperous industry, but few so Btriking illustrations of what can be done in Victoria with a very small mone tary capital, if backed up by endurance and pluck, determination and industry. The IlaUajrai Star gives fuller particulars respecting tho fatal aocident at the claim of tho Black Hill Company on Friday. Four men wero at work in this cutting, tho de ceased, John Ivory, with his mate, a man named Jervoy, being at work at ono place, and a man named Brookbank with his son at another. Tho only way of access to tho cutting is through a small tunnel, and at about a quarter to twelve on Friday morning tho mining manager, Mr. Phillips, was stand ing on tho fiat sheet talking to Brookbank, the deoeased and his mabo being at work on tho opposite side of the cutting. The. de ceased, who was sixty years of ago and rather deaf, was engaged in picking some quartz out close to the wall of tbo cutting, but was not undermining tho wall in any way. Brook bank informs us that Mr. Phillips bad just remarkod to him tbat Ivory was so deaf and so intent on his work that bo would not bo able to get out of tbo way if the earth showed signs of coming down at any time, when tbo ground suddenly Bcemed to shoot out where Ivory was standing, and about sixty tons camo down and buried bim wbcro ho was working. Jervoy at once ran off to collect all tlio men be could find to bolp to dig tbo unfortunate man out. About thirty men wero Boon on the spot, and went to work with a will. In about two honrs and a quarter, and after on immense quantity of fallen earth had been removed, the body was found. 