k MASSACRE BY INDIANS AND WHITES IN AMERICA. i s (shown the Correspondent of the Yew York Herald ) '? St. Joseph, Mo., July 25, 1871. Tain details of a fearful Indian tragedy, that are well thrilled, having just reached this point, I hasten to cçniiinniit-utc them to you. They show conclusively that our policy towards the " Sable savage " of the Indian territory is not productive of peace, but, on the contrary, only aggravates them and leads them to the commission of acts of brutality at the mere mention of which civilization shudders. ' (There has just arrived in this city overland William Mat Moore, whose appearance and references entitle his story to credence. His narrative of his experiences are of chemist burrowing kind. ille Mutes that some weeks ago he left Elizabeth-, town', Kentucky, in the service of a Government con-. tractor minced J. C. D. Blackburn, under agreement to crave a team of Government supplies to Port Sill, Indian Territory. Blackburn's train, consisting of fourteen waggons, will fourteen drivers, but no escort, left South Paw Valley about the middle of June for Fort Sill and proceeded without any direct relation until Sunday evening, the 25th of June, when they came too small stream, skirted by woods on either side, about 30 miles east of the fort. . Here they experienced some difficulty in crossing. After scene of the teams had reached the west side, the drivers dismounted and returned to the east side to assist MntMoore and another teamster in getting their waggons out of the mud. Not suspecting ally enemy rain, they had not taken the precaution to retain their arms, and vi bite labouring to extract the, tennis from the mire they were suddenly startled by the savage waves hoop, and in a moment were surrounded by 2.50 Cheyenne Indians, who poured out of the timber and made a sudden attack upon them. Huddled together as they were about the waggon, they were well situated to receive the fire of the savages, and at the first volley, fired at a distance of 60 yards, a number were killed and wounded. The few who retained their small arms seeing the bculpingknivesandtomahuvvksgliston ing in the light, returned the fire, and for a few moments sold their lives dearly. The contest was soon over, however, for the gallant little party with revolvers were no match for the savages, who were armed with rifles, and of the fourteen seven fell dead by their waggons. Another was badly wounded and fell powerless for defence. The Indians then closed in upon the men and captured the remaining seven. The wounded teamster was so badly wounded that he could not live, and the fiends at once proceeded to scalp and tomahawk lure. The captives, six in number, were immediately securely bound and removed under a guard of a portion of the savages, the main body taking charge of the train. MacMbore is consequently unable to say what disposition was made of the train, but it is believed that after securing the booty the mules were run off and the waggons burned. Later in the day the savages took up the line of march in a northerly direction, and, after proceeding about ten miles halted for the night and went into camp. The next morning the march was resumed in a north-easterly direction. About 10 o'clock in the morning one of the captives, whose name is Morse, was forgotten. Being a chance for escape, he made a run for Hfo ; but a bullet directed by the unerring aim of one of his guard brought him down mortally wounded. The fiends stopped long enough to take his scalp, and pitched the body into a hole and then resumed the march. On the following Friday the brutes held" a council,' and decided to torture two of the captives. Selecting Jack Jones and Thomas Hayward, about 6 o'clock in the evening they proceeded to gratify their love for vengeance and fiendish cruelty. Jones and Hayward were brought out, securely bound hand and, foot to a stake, one on either side, and the faggots collected beneath them. Before firing the faggots, Ma'cMoore declares, in the presence of the other captives, the monsters deliberately unsheathed their knives and cut their tongues out, it is supposed to prevent them from making the night hideous with their screams of agony. They - also cut the cars off Jones and' Hayward, and one of them deposited them in Jus pouch as trophies of war. The faggots, a foot or so high, were so arranged as to burn slowly. The entire bnnoVtheri formed in a circle and indulged in the most inhuman torture, of the victims, such of striking their bodies with knives, piercing their eyes, cutting slits in their, bodies, &c.; All these fiendish, cruelties the other captives were forced to witness, not knowing how soon their turn would come. Gradually the fire worked up through the faggots and reached the bodies of the men, whose contortions were sickening indeed. While' they were undergoing this excruciating, cruelty tile cnptorB laughed, jeered, and danced about them, and seemed to take, a devilish delight in their pain.' Har ward died about half an hour after the faggots were fired ; Jones's agonies were sooner over, as the spots under him were drier. MacMoare shuddered when mentioning the bloody scene, of suffering, and sa) 6 it had such an effect upon him and his corn- ( panions that they resolved to make a push for liberty, if they fell' dead in their tracks. The Indians,, however, were on the alert, and 'Maclaren and his companions Henry , Brown,, of. New York, and Harvey Jackson, of Ohio were prevented, for some days from making ; even' an attempt, The Indians still kept moving in a northerly direction,, making occasional halts- fortress But Providence 11 do < t deserted them in their misfortune On the ill t of the 6th instant a heavy rain poured down in on their co co in ment i ml the s ranges gave them Echcs up to a free use of fire water. The men saw that this was the chance, and, while at granting upon the means to be employed about is not within MutMoore discovered that the tram had stretched the thongs with which he was bound Hope Jui invited him and with a desperate effort he succeeded in free rig his hands but his feet were as fast as even Henry Brown, however, succeeded in freeing himself entirely)', and surveying the sleeping Indian gg 6d, dis- ch vi ed Ü at they were Blceiingu drunken slumbers Cautiously approaching one of them he drew the knife from his belt and at the bonds on his companions, as he stealthily crept out of the encampment and were lost in the darkness Satisfied that the fiends would give pursuit in the morning, the men mare shod rapidly through the woods for an hour and then separated, the better to avoid capture I they determined to direct their course to Port blue, That point was reached on the following Wednesday by MncMoore, who had marched 124 miles in two and a half days On his arrival at the fort has presented a pitiful appearance having nothing on but two shirts and a pair of drawers, and being Very foot- sore Brown Bnftly reached the fort four days after and Jackson came in the following day All the benches were very much exhausted, and would probably have perished were it not for the hospi-. tales) of some friendly Putawatmnio Indians, who fed them on luCBda) and directed them to the fort where they were carefully nursed by the garrison. "> Jackson remained at the fort, being unable to travel Brown started for Denver MucAloore left on sat for Leavenworth on the 12th and, reaching $£&, point on Saturday last, at once proceeded to this place by rail, which he reached yesterday Here he is stopping with the wife of C. H. Wlianan, whoish a relative of his MacMooro declares that iU3ar,ly,i one fourth of the fiends who attacked the trab»wareaj while men, and many of the savages spoke English Among them he recognised one Stanley, an East v I exes desperado, who boasted that he had failed ' thirteenth and intended to kill as many more The whites were dressed in Indian costume, and wore ' full) as barbarous in the enjoyment of the torture' of" Jones and Ha) w (and Julie Uiej enacts had two female natives with them-Mrs Bowman, of Guadalupe t Mountain, Texas had a Miss Emma Bailey 1 He describes the latter as a very beautiful girl > , l< Cam, u al WaxrAiin in Ai rica-Feawii, Arrive- ' cities-I ho Bonny correspondent of the JLtcerpobP Cr uric writes as follows For some, time past the New Calabar men have been secretly preparing their; forces for a raid into the Ekrceka country-portly as a demonstration of their strength, and partly to see whether the Bonn) men would stand forward as the, pt electors of the Ekrctkn8, which they are bound to do by treaty Accord ngl), about a week ago the most powerful expedition that ever left New GilabSn: for Ekreektt set one, under command of XmgrAmB-« etc The expedition consisted of about fifty large war canoe manned by over 2000 men they cautiously approached the capital of the Ekrceka, lOuntry taking three days in the movement. On the night of the third day they lay in wait near the city, had by the thick bushes that lined the creek that leads to the residence of lying Phibiu About midnight some Ekreeka oil and fishing times (about nine in number) came by, manned by both men and women The war canoes charged out of their respective o hiding places a few minutes of confusion cries of triumph, and shells of dismay, and all was over The canoes were captured, and with them about twenty five men and three casks of palm oil but the worden, with praiseworthy vicinity, jumped into the creek and swam ashore, and, in spite of all the efforts of the Calabar men, they escaped through the bush to the town and gave the alarm the Gili hear men in their own expressive way remarking; \- Hiern woman he be devil man for run, » e , very swift of foot At daylight an advance was made on the town, but the creeks were so strongly posted behind BtotkndcB to warrant the Calabar men carrying; the place by storm They, therefore, opened fire on the position will canoe guns, and bombarded it for some hours The slaughter in the crowded town must have been very great as every shot told ) and as the Calabar men's guns were of heavier calibre than those of the Lkrckas, their fire was most effective at a range that was quite out of the power of the Tkretka guns The Calabar men being satisfied, with the rising the.) had done to the Ekreekas, drew off their canoes and returned to New Calabar town, lljeneimmenccd the horrible orgies that are the usual sequel to all battles in this country Sixteen of the prisoners vice at once ila-.tihtered and portioned out, like so much beef or mutton to the principal families in the town, for the purpose of being cooked and eaten One scene will suffice to give an idea of the horrible practices About 10 am one of the unfortunate captives was bound hand and foot in the centre of the court yard of one of the most wealthy and enlightened of the chiefs The prisoner, haggard and worn was smart in dead bythe wives children head- men, and slaves of the chief The chief himself stood in front coolly instructing Mb youngest and favourite' son a good looking boy of about six years old, how to execute the prisoner with a sharp knife. After a few minutes the young savage stated the prisoner by his wool pulled his head forward, and struck him on the back of the neck, causing blood to spurt forth The yells of the men and women were deafening The miserable prisoner was struck to the ground, and cut up in pieces with, large knives The youngster who commenced the, slaughter waved his hand reeking with blood, on high and gave a shout of triumph In ten minutes after the head and hands of the late prisoner went in an iron pot boiling in the chief s house for his breakfast carefully tended by one of his wives, and the young executioner greedily) awaiting the repast be v old share with his father Six of the canoes taken, were destroyed before leaving the Ekreeka country, and to the astonishment of the King of Calabar, eight of the prisoners taken denied that they were Ekroeka men, and asserted that they were Bonny men They were accordingly placed in safe keeping till the Bonny king could be communicated with, which was at once done through the chairman of the Court of Equity, New Calabar It has since transpired that the Bonny people think these men, also two canoes and three casks of palm oil The Town on Sbdav -The towns in the department of the Ardennes have something of the simple character which belongs to the country itself For the most part old, and often associated with the great wars of former times, they still retain a look of antiquity, though in many instances their aspect has been in some degree qualified by the busy life of modem manufactures Sedan the principal town of the fourth arrondissement, is situated on the east bank of the Meuse, at a distance of 160 miles north east of Paris It is a fortress of some importance for the defence of France from the side of Luxemburg, and is planted on an area ed site, surrounded by meadows, gardens, cultivated fields, and wet ditches, the last named forming part of the system of fortifications The castle, or citadel, stands on an eminence to the south east of the town. It contains the arsenal, and below it are buildings occupied as stores, stables, and residences of the officers Near the castle are large barracks, and two others are situated in different parts of the town, the military hospital, built on the northside at a height of 130 feet above the Meuse, commands that town at all points, and, being elaborately fortified, m considered the most important part of the stronghold. Sedan was the birthplace of the great Marshal Tut rennet, one of the most remarkable of French generals, whose ghost might well be supposed to have trembled with excitement and indignation at the immense disaster which befel the hosts of France, with a marshal and an emperor at their head in this very town. In our days, until the catastrophe of September, 1870, the place was chiefly noted forks cloth, woollen, hosiery linen, and other manufactures It has now acquired a terrible name in history and its memories of Everard de la March, "the Great Bear of the Ardennes, whose successors ruled as sovereign princes of Sedan, of Henry IV of Turenne, and of Louis XIV , grow pale before the greater and more pregnant e facts of the existing time. The remote nook Of north eastern France, situated in an angle between the projections of foreign territory, was destined to see one of the most crushing disasters that ever been! a mighty nation and the melancholy old town, over- hung by cloudy masses of mist, and wound about by streams and hills that mocked her with the semblance of defence, yet Tvero ineffectual to avert the coming doom, will seem to the eyes of future travellers to partake of the sadness of that tragedy to which it afforded a background, and a stage - Cadell a few tratedUuioty of the War ' Ima? ritoPHÉjráí-Tho Argus of Monday last obbcWcs, in reference to the late race meeting at IwnO" wick c-The rioting has been more fertile in trouble, uctxpécíeTd -winners than any meeting hold on the Kano wick course for some years past All the prophets worn out and the calculations founded on private trials and pnDi ho performances were alike at fault, The two great mares Snowdrift and Amma did not realises the sanguine «»P001»" bons of the admirers, They Boyer showed in any season they stated, fox" 2 A 1 