(Fom the Courier.) SvdSEV — Saturday. — There are six schooners ashore inside the Riohmond River bar. They are all likely to (It off uninjured.— Maite ts one penny per basM lower. ? Monday— The man Martin, charged with the Forest reef nun den, has been committed for trial on the charge.— The Gulgong diggings are reported to be turning out very rich. — Tbe new ship City of Auckland has been turned at ? Auckland. She was partially laden for Liandon. — The Peak Dowas Copper Mining Company hai de clared a dividend of 10 per cent. — Tbe Clareuce and Richmond River Navigation Company has also de clared a dividend of 10 per cent. ? ADCL&toe; — Saturday. —Then has been Urge ?lies of wheat at four ?hillings and nloepence per ? bushel. {irueif— Monday— K (rightful accident has oc curred at the prospectors' claim. Warren Hastings reef. T«ro tries ; were tamping a shot when it ex ploded In their faoes. One of the men was Very dangerously injured, and both are thought to be hopelessly blinded. MBLBODBkrc — ifoniap. —The Roman Catholics have assumed an offensive position against the can didates who are in favor of the Education BilL It is announced in our advertising columns that a public meeting will be held at the Town Hall on Monday evening, for the purpose of considering tlie best means to be adopted for perpetuating the memory of the late Governor. We are pleased to eee that the matter has been taken in hand by so many of our leading tradesmen, aud we hope that our friends in the agricultural reserves and the country district* will not fail to come forward and render substantial Mrviae la Die promotion of this (iraiseworth. undertaking. - At a late hour«n Saturday night information was received by (he polios of a aboriginal fight, which took place a short distance from Mr Pentecost's Hotel on the Highfields road. It appears a party of aboriginals had been paying a visit to the town ship, when, as omul, they were supplied with an almost unlimited supply of brandy and rum. They wen driven out of the town about two p.m., and the tight took place ahorUy after eaneet The dis turbance was heard by Mr Pentecost and his neigh bours, but they did not attempt to interfere, a* the whole party appeared to be ia arms, tt was noticed, however, that tiro of them were lying on tbe ground and catting each other with knives. After a time the disturbance subsided, and it was then discovered that one of the combatants had been left deadon the ground, Die other having been, in all probability, carried away by bis friends. An inqneit Was held on the body at Mr Pentecost's Hotel en 8nndsy morning, when it was stated by Dr. Roberts that the right -arm of the unfortunate fellow bad been cfct Uittmghlo the bone, and that h« bad received another severe slab in the right shoulder. The main arteries -4 the*rm were divided, and death ensued from loss of Mood. Tasx.l h sm- tmnuess on tSe dvfl sheet of Dm pre eeatsitUiig of tbe S»ptwne Court, so that the jnrors . will only be nequiitt) tb .attend this morning in order to answer'to ttrir names and receive taar discnaige from farther attendance an the Coart. A TSrmw-ier as arijadifiatian «f ttattane* *T«ro»r. CSfcfcleeV vsa' ni.silaiil »» earth on I Friday last ???? ?* ' ! '-? i 4v*se^efsfe.i-tth-intantt»»,eadd)at«ie «ha property of Wo. Orakain, Esq., Bf *so4aryan, and the other tlie property of J. U. Simpson; Esq.. «f Sydney, mre stolen from the stables of the Royal Hold. Information was giran to Sergeant Keane «n the following evening, and everything was done to discover tlie popctratora without avail. Suspi eion attached to a young man who had been groom at the establishment, who went by the name of Harry Wyoyard, but who was known to the police as Theodore Attain Richey, a discharged prisoner. It was ascertained that during the night of tbe robbery Uichey and another young man decamped in a rather mysterious manner from Mr Sheehy's Hotel in ttnssell- street, where they had been staying for several days, and tbis strengthened the suspicion that they were the guilty parties. On the same night two valuable hones were stolen from Twy dale's paddock, the property of Dr Anderson and Mr Blackiaton. All remained a mystery, however, until Saturday last, when a summons from Gayndah for service at one of the banks attracted the Ser geant's attention, the name ' Wynyard' being men tioned in it. The Sergeant at once set to work, and the result is that the whole of the stolen property, both horses and saddles, have been recovered by tbe Gayndah police, notwithstanding that they had been disposed of by the offenders, who are now comfortably quartered in tbe Gayndah lockup. We consider this case, taken together with tbe great number of larcenies and other offences prosecuted and detected by the Toowoomba police during the past shelve month*' is creditable to the force gene rally, and we regret that the Commissioner of Police has overlooked the claims of our indefatigable little sergeant in the appointment of senior-sergeants. These appointments have been conferred upon the sergeants of police at Spriugsure, Roma, and Dalby, and we understand that the sergeant of the impor tant town of Leyburn was asked to take one of the appointments, and refused. Perhaps our represen tative will ask an explanation of these apparent iu consistenciea. Ooe readers will perceive by advertisement that they are invited by tbe Minister for Works to nomi nate trustees for the purpose of assisting the Go vernment in the expenditure of moneys granted by Parliament for tbe construction and maintenance of roads and bridges. The Minister for Works sug gests that public meetings of bonafide house and land owners and holders along tbe various public thoroughfares should be held, and that due notice of every such meeting, with the object, time, aud place of holding it, be advertised iu the nearest uewspaperor tbe Government Gazette. At tbe Police Court oil Tuesday morning an elderly woman named Mary Williams appeared in the dock on a charge of drunkenness. The old lady urged as an excuse for her weakness that she had been ' overcome' with a bottle of porter presented to her by his Houor tbe Judge. The presiding magistrate appeared at first to be astonished with the 'sublimity of the woman's impudence,' but on second consideration demanded in the most scv-ure terms, 'Wbat is that, madam?' A constable present in Court, wishing to put matters ou what he pre sumed to tie a right footing, immediately explained as follows : ' She says she was drinking with tbe Judge, your Worship.' ' In that vase,' added the Police Magistrate, 'we must not lie too severe, 'and tbe old lady was discharged from custody with a caution. Eiuiit pages of the Gomrnment Gazelle, published on Saturday last, are occupied with a list of owners of land in tbe Municipality of Itockhampton, on which tbe rates for tbe year ending tbe 31st Dc eemlier, 1805, have not been paid, and it is notified that unless the respective amounts with costs are paid within one year from date (October 14, 1870), tbe lands will lie offered on fourteen years' leases, or an order will be obtaiued for their sale, or for such portions of them as will suffice to pay the rates due. A proclamation' in Saturday's Gonrnment Gazette notilies the further prorogation of Parlia ment from Tuesday, tbe 4th February, to Tuesday, tbe 21st March. On Friday last Mr Timothy Howe, publican of Dalliy, was charged under summons with having ou the 30th December killed the racehorse Chevalier. The evidence of Isuau (jronnds, the informer, «ae taken, and the further hearing of tbe case was adjourned to (Thursday) to- morrow. It was reported in Brisbane on Saturday morning that a man named Martin Cgan hod been drowned iu tbe river at Oxlcy. Kgan wan engaged as a farm laborer, and complained very much of the heat during tbe early part of Friday. He was met near the river iu the afternoon, when he said, ' It is too lint to live !' He hns never been seen since, aud it is supposed that in a (it of temporary insanity, in duced most likely by the intense beat, the unfortu nate man threw hiniBclf into the river. A child named Andrew Chad wick was drowned on Saturday evening in a waterhole at tbe One-mile Swamp, South Brisbane. Is is supposed that the little fellow was fishing and fell into the water. Db Von Mueller is engaged on a work on the ' Flora of Australia,' aud appeals to the public for assistance. On Tuesday (says the Gladstone Observer) we had the pleasure of inspecting several rich-looking speci mens of alluvial and reef gold, obtained at tbe Cania gold- fields. Tbe reef specimens arc very fine ; those from the Shamrock reef show rough dark gold with indications of iron ; those from t'li/ldy's (Jully reef are studded with bright gold and here and there a trace of galena, the quarts being much purer than that from tbe Shainnick. Tbe alluvial gold from Starlight is bright aud wuterworn, iu smooth ehotty ncces ; that from tbe vicinity m rauuy « liully reol is a rich yellow, very rough, and evidently has not travelled far. Both samples are very clean. The gentleman who showed them to ub will take them to England, together with a collection of precious stones. Some very good sport was experienced on Wed nesday afternoon (says the CltnUind Bay Htprau, by Mr P. Thistlethwayte, Dr. Callaghan, and some others, who succeeded in bagging au alligator. Mr Thistlethwayte, who was standing on the verandah of Dr. Callaghan's cottage overlooking the creek, saw an allirotor swim to the opposite bank. Mr Thistlethwayte and Dr. Callaghan crossed over in a punt and were joined \\-y a tisbennan, they managed to crawl within twenty yards of the ala gator without disturbing him, and the fisherman armed with a shot gun, and Mr Thistlethwayte, with a rifle, both fired ; the latter hit him just be hind tbe fore-arm, and the reptile crawled three or four paces into tbe water, leaving his tail exposed on tbe bank. The three sporttnen rushed at, and eeized the alligator's caudal appendage, and a moBt exciting struggle hook piaoe. ine saurian maae eavage mit ineffective attempts to bite his perse cutors, who courageously stuck to his tail while others beat him about the head with sticks until he gaie np the ghost. When it was ascertained that he was quite dead he was towed across the creek, and it was found that he measured uearly nine feet in length. ? 