Coroner's Inquests. An inquest was held on Saturday afternoon, at the Albion Hotel, on view of a skull and thigh bone, being some human remains found at Bland. Sen.-constable Robert Keane deposed: I am stationed at Morangorell; the remains now before the jury were handed to me on 5th inst. by Mr. Broughton, at Hiawatha Station ; he told me he had been lost in the bush a few days before, and it was upon that occasion he had found the remains; I went with him afterwards, to try and find the place where he had dis- covered them, but we could not do so ; he thought it would be about eight miles to the north-west of the Mallee plains; I have not been able to elicit any information with refer- ence to the remains; we took a black tracker with us to try to find the place: Mr. Broughton found the remains on 30th June. Dr. Temple deposed: I have examined the bones now before the court; they are portions of an adult human skeleton, consisting of the skull, and right thigh-bone; I believe, from the length of the thigh bone, that the remains are those of a white man, and from their appear- ance I believe they must have lain in the bush for the last three years ; the bones are perfect, with the exception of a portion of the internal condylfe of the thighbone; some of the teeth are wanting in the skull, and a few others are broken off. They jury returned a verdict, "That the re- mains were discovered by Mr. Broughton, on 30th June, but whose they were, and how they came to be lying there in the bush, there was no evidence to show." An inquest was also commenced at the Albion Hotel, on Saturday, touching the death of Helen Coope. The jury 2 viewed the body, and the inquiry was then adjourned till Monday. On Monday it was resumed, when William Coope deposed that deceased was his wife ; on the previous Tuesday she complained to him that she had hurt herself by lifting a tub, and had a hard lump in her stomach, accom- panied with pain; as she got worse on Wed- nesday he fetch Dr. Clarke, who prescribed some medicine, of which she only took three spoonsful, and also gave her two doses of castor oil, and some pills; she got much worse on Friday evening, and witness sent for Dr. Tem- ple, who declined to attend, as Mr. Clarke had been attending to the case ; Mr. Clarke was there all night on Thursday, and attended constantly to the case, but deceased died on Saturday morning, ay half-past three o'clock; Mr. Clarke, did not tell witness what was the matter with deceased, and witness never asked him; witness was aware deceased was pregnant. Mrs. Hannah deposed : She went to see de- ceased on Wednesday, and was of opinion, from certain indications, that she was in labor, and in consequence advised the husband to fetch Mr. Clarke ; that night she was pretty well, and the next morning the signs of labour appeared to have ceased ; on Thursday evening she com- plained of cramps in the chest, and the husband procured some medicine from Mr. Clarke ; the next morning the witness saw her, and she did not complain, but in the evening she again com- plained of her chest; witness did not hear Mr. Clarke say deceased had inflammation of the bowels, but had heard him always maintain that she was in labor ; he said if Mr. Coope liked he could send for another doctor ; witness was of opinion that in consequence of deformity deceased could not be delivered. Mrs. Boyd corroborated the evidence of last witness with regard to indications of labor. Mr. H. I. Clarke deposed to being called on Wednesday to attend deceased, who he under- stood was suffering great pain form a hurt, occasioned by lifting a tub ; he prescribed for her, but did not know until the next day that she was far advanced in pregnancy ; in conse- quence of her deformity he said it would have been impossible for he to be delivered ; he told the husband from his first attendance, that if he desired to do so he could get a doctor but the latter expressed himself perfectly satisfied, and wished him to continue in attend- ance ; he did not make a suggestion for want of knowing what he was about ; he was of opinion on Thursday evening that inflammation of the peritoneum had taken place in consequ- ence of the death of the fœtus ; he never said that deceased had labor pains; though he might have had them slightly ; he was of opinion that deceased's death, which took place on Saturday morning was caused by inflammation of the peritoneum, which commenced on Thursday night. Mrs. Williams deposed that she was with de- ceased in her confinement thirteen years since, and that the medical man upon that occasion had to resort to the use of instruments. Dr. Temple deposed: He had examined de- ceased, and had also heard the evidence of the other witnesses, and he was of opinion that deceased died in childbed, and the the proper means for her delivery, and those by which alone she would have had a chance of recovery were not used in the case ; in such a case any medical man should know at a glance what ought to be done in answer to a question from Mr. Clarke, he said the only chance of saving the life of deceased was by the operation of craniotomy, and that any medical man re- maining in attendance without operating, before bad symptoms set in, would be depriving the patient of any chance she might have of re- covery ; the witness, upon being recalled, stated that the idea of inflammation of the peritoneum setting in, in consequence of the death of the fœtus was simply an absurdity. The jury returned the following verdict: "The deceased, Helen Coope, died in childbed, at Young, on 15th July, and we further say that, in our opinion, she did not receive proper medical treatment." [There was a mass of evidence produced which is unfit for publication. It is much to be regretted that in such a case as the above proper medical aid is not sought before the case has as- sumed such a complexion as to render it of no avail.] : A KABttow Escape frptn a Ifrightful.-fate.; was .experienced "yesterday rooming siby a tqan engaged at a biitclieridg establishment iii town in; attenfling :to a'sausage-machine. The macliiiie. a .vgry lartje ane; iff'workBd by. a horse, and' the onjmtil being frightened byi a child who was .standing by, commenced to gallop round the enclosure. - The inan ru'sbpd.to- ijfcjap him. but'in doing BO part of his clothing- t-auglit.iii tire teeth of the machine and tlieti ensued.a frightful struggleio prevent JKipnsfelfi'being drawn into-the machine and,' made; literally :mincemeat of... His clothes were torn 1 into .ribandis, jind in another, moment he would have.shared their fate, when his piercing screams attracted attention, tiie ; machine .was'stopped and he .was rescued from hisperiloiis position considerably dilapidated And -half, dead with .fright, but without a jBeratch. ^ A GDOBT - YABN.^-The Burnt Bridge correspondent of the Ballarat Star 7th July: writfesj—Por some-time past strange stories have 4H>en'irelated ofi. an apparition said to be eeeu iii^ ah Uninhabited house at Burnt Bridge; Some of our spirited young, men at Lal Lal boldly volunteered to as'certaiu the truth of • the existence of" the ghost by seeking ah interview; " Having secured a Crimean .veteran, Charlie Baird, for their, leavlerjasquadoftWel ve paid nocturnaLyisit to the; scene, distant about five miles. At. ihtervals the spectre fn^de its appearance as waeiits wont, enveloped in white; and carried, a light that'shone with uucommon brilliancy and from the house -issued a noise like that produced by wheeling.'a barrow up and down u atair. .--My /informftnt, the leader of. the adventurous party, states "that-he. wascompletely ^paralysed • from what saw-^-hiB legs' trenibled nndi his hair- stood on end. So convinced is hetnat all he saw andtheard was' uniBarthly, that, to use his own jtvords, he would .rather face'.a charged mitrailleuse, in the liaixdb of ian enemy than enter tjae chamber i in? which the spectre was seen.. I: hear that ..-two deaths under peculiar cir- •cumstan'ces^-one a case otself-destruction—; took place* in' .- the, haunted "building,, and that the' bodies are interred in the fiejtd ad-: : joining/ " , . ' . ; MUBDEB OP I BiitCTP.—The Snutli'.Australi&n; Eiegister 'give's^ the following particulars ef the shooting bf .the bailiff at Mount assiBt«nt baiiiflf^had been 'shot' dead white in thp •exbcutiijn oif his duty in the hundred Caroline, ^itmeof the blacks are'on thetrack' of the murderer, and they liave crossed the river the,'jiiry fdund a^-erdict -of- wilful murder agai iirtjCipri JunRj -for whp|^%rrest a war--. rant'-.hnjst [been ''issued; he fs"a-slioemaker^. killed, on June 27th'; be had distwimfedi -and vae taking away the affender5s ho»>B, cart, &c.; Tlie body WIB-.found •ton;; Sunday -Jury 2, twenty-seven yards : from the,road, with two gini aliot wound a pnB oto the 'right temple and nne under the arinpif, ;about "four miles oh the road from BiacjtwoSd ^lat 'toWards Mount Gambierjting. was-last seen tiy' John Dickens, about 'a mile 'from .Jurig's house, in- Blackwood JFlat. He «aid hewas going to give himself up,;attd Btarted; iu the'difection of Mqunt Q-ambigr about "noon on Thursday. T^.eoffender's brother com raitted^hieide' .about three we^lta, ago ' at I|ort/Ajt^Bta..; Jijng'' .has been ' eighteen j^Vs iutlie colony; vHe was billy ipamed jt jkke-Wallace, .wherff' he is well known and befriends. ( DepeaBed r ; was formerly & police ppnsta^le^ — Wagga Advertiser. . 