SUNDAY KÍA.DING. The Walk, of Faith. THEKE are faw books that have proved so effectuai >in guiding 'heir readers to a cheerful, peaceful, and joyous sta'e of mind, as tho ' Life, Wulk, and Triumph of Faith,' by the Rev. William Bomaine. . But, liko'some other books of choice excellence, after being a hundred years published, it has been allowed >y many to paBS unregarded ; while more modern works,. having the same avowed object, but not so .well adapted to promote it, are consulted. To most readors, therefore, the subjoined pusaagos may be new'; and to those who havo rend them, tne sight of íthém will be welcome ; for of Romaine ib may bu said that his repetitions, frequent as they are, do not weary. In shewing how ono may walk with a froe heart in the King'B highway of obedience,' Romaine gives the following directions to the Christian reader, with an earnest injunction that th«y be well understood and digested : * Pray for the Spirit of Wisdom to teach thea practically,-(1), That thy walk with God. in tho way of .obedienco is not to fulfil tho law, as a covenant of works. Thou art not required 'to do this; thou canst not do it; Immanuel, thy divino Surety, took it upon Hims«If. Because, it was impossible for thee, a fallen creature, to keep tho law, so as to bo justified by it; Ho, therefore, came in person to fulfil it. He honoured its precepts by ; his infinite obedience, he magnified its penalties by his inestimable sacrifico. Ar.d this is thy justifying righteousness. Through faith in tho lifo and death ? of the God-man, thou urt not only freed from guilt and condemnation; from curse and hell ; but art also entitled to lifo and glory. Tho law is now on thy 'side; it acquits thee; it justifies theo ; it will givo .thee,the reward promised to obedienco. The law, in jae hand of thy Saviour, has nothing but blessings to bestow upon thee ; thou art to receive it at His mouth, and to obey Him : but not from any legal hopes of heaven, or from any slavish fears of hell ; for then thou wouldst come under tho covenant of works again : -whereas, thou art not under the law, but under grace. Mind thy privilege ; and pray for grace to live up to it. Thou art not under the Law, bound to keep it perfectly in thine own person, or in case of fail ing condemned by it, and under its fearful curse ; .but thou art under grace, in a state of grace through -faith in the obedience and sufferingR of thy blessed Suret)', and under the power of graco sweetly inclin ing thee to lovo, and mightily onab ing theo to keep the law of the Lord thy God. Live thus by grace; and sin shall not have dominion over theo. Under the reign of graco the tyrant Sin is always dethroned. : (2) 'WE WALK BY FAITH, and not by sight. We tjudgo of our state by what God says of it ; and we order our walk accordingly. We give credit to His witness of our being pardoned and justified freely hy grace through Faith; and we depend for the truth of thiR not on what we see, but on what we .behove. We trust not on our good frames, or sen sible comforts, or to any of tho genuine fruits and efifeotaof faith; but we trust what God says, simply as His record ; and, therefore, wo walk in a constant dependence on tho truth of Ged in His Word, and upon the faithfulness of God to His Word. Some promised graco wo stand in need of at every step; and we rely upon His word, which cannot be broken, . and upon His faithfulness, which cannot fail. Thus 'we go on; and we find the promise made good, according to our faith. . 'Truo faith takes no honour to itself, ic is an ^emptying humbling grace. Its spring head is in (Covenant love, and it ÍB given from distinguishing .favour and sovereign mercy ; it has no foundation . when given, but the word of God ; nothing to rest on but the Divine truth ; no support but tho Divine power; and no growth but from the Divine influence. What then does it leave a man to glory in ? Whosoovor has it, has it all from God ; and while he is in his right mind, living by it, he will , be disposed to give God all the glory of it ; even for common mercies, as well us spiritual, he will live by .the faith of the Son of God. Whether^ ho eats or drinks, or whatever ho does, he docs all in the namo of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God, and tho Father by Him. And thus ho will go on sweetly and happily, oboying not from slavish fears or URUI hopes, but " (3) From Holy Love which is the fruit and consequence of walking by faith. Faith worketh ' love, and then workoth by love. The faith" of the Gospel, aa u graco of the Spirit, worketh chiefly by love to God, and to . mon for God's Bake ; for the Gospel discovers the way of salvation contrived by tho .Eternal Three, fulfilled in tho life and death of Immanuel, and applied to tho sinner's heart by the Eternal Spirit. Love is very active. Obeying from love is very Bwoot; how active, how Bwoet is obedience, when the lovo of God ÍB shed abroad in the heart by the Holy Ghost who is givon unto us! He is un almighty agent. Ho overcomes the power of legal unbelieving workings, and put8 a now spring to duty into the hpart. He manifests the love of God in Christ, iJ is freo distinguishing love, tho exceed ing richness of it, and the blessings flowing from it through time and eternity. In the sense of these morcies Ho excites gratitudo nnd puts it upon acting. . This graeo hus a wonderful influence.. What return shall I maka unto tho Lord? ia Ibo do'-out breathing of tho grntufn] heart; while thu lovo of 'OhriHtconstrninfath.it, ¡ill tho affections follow him, und the soul delights itself in his ways. Then none of His command-nonts will bo grievous-nay, His yoke itself becomes onay, and His burdon light. 0, triumphant lovo ! How active, how sweet did he find it-who cried out-"I can do nil things-I can Bnffor nil tbingH-I am moro than|conqueror through Him that loved mo !" 'To oboy from lifo (¡nd salvation received and enjoyed is swe&l.; liberty. To obey, ns tho condition pf liff, ,:JK1 salvation, in bitter slavery; Nifc is nn . intolerftblr, yoho, because it is not possible any fallen mun should"'no keep tho law ns to live thereby. But thoboliover, frcod from this condition by Christ's . keeping tho law for him, is in liberty ; ho is Bavcd from tho pen«lty annexed to tho transgression ; he IB entitled to the lifo promised to obedience ; and ' thoreby he is delivered from" legal hopes and from (?"% fears. In this faith he walks on delightfully in the ways of obedienco ; for he is reconciled to the HW through tho graco that is ia Christ Jesus ; ho loves it. <. o. what love,»' SUITS Iv.-, " I havo nato Thy I law » because now I find it according to the pro- I miso written upon my heart." And this is a ' "4TH. MOTIVE TO GOSPEL OBEDIENCE.-The New Covenant runs thus : " I will put," says God, " my Jaw in their inward parts ; and I will be their God ; and they shall bo my people; and they shall teach no more every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord ; for they shall all know mo from the least of them unto the greatest of them." Tho. heart is by nature as hard as ada mant. It is enmity itself against tho holy lav.*. But the Lord hore engages to take away the stony heart and give a heart of flesh, upon which He will write the ton commandments, not in tables of stone, but in the fleshy tables of tho heart. The Spirit of the living God will teach all His childron to know thoir Fathor; He will reveal to them thoir Father's love in Jesus ; and He will make their hearts happy in tho enjoyment of it. Then the holy fruits of thiB love will appear towards man. It will work sweetly in benevolence, and effectually in beneficence. The love of God will open the contracted henrt, enlarge the selfish, warm the cold, and bring liberality out of the covetous. When the Holy Spirit teaches brotherly love, ho overcomes all opposition to it. He says to his disciples-Be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgives you. He makes thom kind ono to another; they show it by every good w< rd and work.' Thus did Romaine, while he lived, perpetuallj preach * peace by Jesus Christ ;' and thus by th< writings of hispen does he still show the way o peace. The joy-inspiring truth on which his owr soul lived ho delighted to reiterate in pago aftei page, and year after year. And if tho ministers o religion in the present day were to dwell more con stantly, more feelingly, more joyously, on theB< glad tidings of great joy for all people, there woul< be fewer perplexed and fettored consciences rushing cagorly hither and thither in search of rest. B; God's blessing on such wholesome instruction, thor might be many more living in tho enjoyment of tru ¡ peace, stayed upon their Redeemer. 