THE MDDLER. jThc Riddle* is » repository ot all torto of puzzles, including arithmetical, algebraic, and other mathematical problems, Latin, n___ ? il..^ Vn^itah ntcflot. triclot. and polyglot charades, anagrams, antnmorems, enicmas, rebnses, acrostics, diamond, pyra mMcal, diagonal, and other geometrical puzzles, literal and arithmetical labyrinths, mctaerams, polyglot etymology, magic squares, distributed enigmas, logognphs, kalyptonyms, chronograms, transpositions, acrostics, conundrums, quips and cranks, Ac. Correspondents sending questions for, solution are requested to transmit also the replies, and to state if the problems are original, or, if selected, from what sources they have been taken. The preference will Tbe given to such as are original.] Distributed Enigmatical Charade, No. 2. Two lines have been added to the following each successive week. The whole is now before the reader. All correct answers sent Klefore Tuesday next will be acknowledged in A' The Riddler' of September 30 in the order they are received. My first is found* in every book, Or nearly so, that's published in Great Britain. My tecond is at*— stay, just look In Butler's Atlas; there you'll find it written. My next is heard in every sigh,* That from the maiden's heart spontaneous rises. Hy fourth is on* ? ; but tell me, why Should I inform you what my art disguises ? My whole lies buried out of sight, The great Egyptian pyramids conceal it; Yet, like ' the queen of ancient night,' It may be seen above. The stars reveal it. NEW PROBLEMS. 1,364. ^Enigma, Mercator. — Vix epulas dederis perfectas si sine primo. Jupiter in frontem formavit bina secumlte Cornua, cum caudfl, tribuit quoque qnatuor ungues, Quos tenuit donee mulier sit facta venusta, Connubio demum regina, ac una dearum. Ijcclamet juvenisgaudens totum atque secundum. 1.355. Charade, by John Millard. — My first I hailed along the street; My next I scarcely need repeat; My third the ladies often wear, And fill my whole with beauties rare. 1.356. Numbered Charade, by Victoria. — I am composed of nine letters. My 2 3 4 is the present time, 3 4 5 is a bird, 7 3 8 is a quadruped, 3 2 6 is a number, 5 6 8 is a part of yourself, 4 G 7 8 9 is one of five great powers, 1 9 8 is a vessel for liquids, 8 3 5 7 is a metal, 1 2 3 4 is to be aware of, 5 6 789 is a narrow place. My whole we should all endeavour to acquire and to impart. 1.357. French Riddle, by C. D. M. IX— LUNEOPY, LIAVQ, LIATT, LIEDCD. 1.358. Diglot Conundrum, by E. J. C— If I ask in Latin whether Ion was the person (that just passed by), what arithmetic rule do I name in English. 1.359. The dreadfully comic game of the felacks and whites. Everybody, or what amounts to the same thing — every reader of yeur inimitable 'Riddler,' has heard of the clever trick of the captain who got rid of all the blackfellows of his crew by arranging them with the whites and throwing every seventh man overboard; I have ventured to construct the following problem upon the same principle — Beta : — TH3E DfllRBE AD Ji © FULL©© Y© S RWACRERYNTHETEDWN 0 Z E1LEICEFEUTBTRNHI 96 E JDLPPDTVIVALLEMAAA M T ALTRTIEFELLALULTM K I EBHOHOTTLLACHSESE $ H REGCGNUHLYDKCTCER I S» EGIEIAOLIHELIHNNL C H HIRERNEEWAVEHEATL A' W TNEDEDKTEVOTWFCEI *- D FAHIHS1THEMTSITNW G N 1TTNTTRERREERRSCE A X M 3}ASK8®C£ALtfBE&HWTFO;©CE 1.360. Referring to Problem 1,336, what is the 121st term of the series 10, 17,24, 31.... —Joseph Warner. 1.361. The content of a block of wood in the form of a paraUelopipedon is exactly one cubic foot. The areas of its three unequal sides are to each other as 1, 2, and 3. What is the length of the straight line passing through the centre from opposite corners 1 — Zero. All correct answers to the above received 'before Tuesday, October 3, will be acknow ledged in 'The Riddler' October7. Refe rence to each by its number will be sufficient. ANSWERS TO PROBLEMS PUBLISHED September 9. 1.338. Solutiones iEnigmatis. — En, lent sit princeps pars verbi ; tfrcque secunda ; Tertia turn certe est; benedicluvi nuncupo totum. Tyro. Si primum&enc; sit, quteso, norms est bene dictum? Nam bene responsum est, et bene semper erit. Ut totum esponas, si syllaba nostra secunda Die fuerit, lector, die mihi, nonne placet? Denique*quid superest ? nonne ultima syllaba restate Si quoque turn jungas, syllaba nulla deest. Estne Poeta aptus qui nuptum kominem bene' dictuvi Nominatapplaudens, et benedicit ei ? E. J. C. 1.339. Charade, by Anna.— We.at- her= Weather.— Correct answers by Chingach cook, E. J. C, W. Watson, Beta, Victor Vicks, Nobody, H. R., Joseph Warner, Arcanum, The Heathen Philosopher, W. Jonas, ABR (conjoined). 1.340. Numbered Charade, by Beta.— A Poet.— Correct answers by Cbingachgook, E. J. C, Golden Grove, W. Watson, 0\. O. E., H. W. Torode, Anon, John Millard, Victor Vicks, Nobody, Jackthe Giant-Killer, H. R., W. Donnell, Arcanum, The Heathen Philosopher, W. Jonas, ABR (conjoined), Joseph Warner. 1.341. The Knight's Leaps over the Chess Board, by St. Mungo.— Commencing from King's fourth, reckoned from the bottom, and following the leaps, the following is obtained :— ' Travelling upon the road on a very sultry day I came upon my first, and toeing quite wearied I lay down to have a sleep, but my second made such a din I was glad to take up my swag and make for my third. Myicholeiaa South Australian township.' Answer to the charade— Camp-bell-town= Campbelltown.— Correct answers by£. J. C, W. Watson, 0. 0. E. (with Ha(y).mil(l)- to(w)n, for the answer to the charade), H. W. Torode, Victor Vicks, August Bar tholomaeus. l,342.-rlnterrogatory Versification, bv -Kobody.— ?, } QUESTION. ^ What is the most transporting sight ? ANSWERS. A man transported with delight.— E. J. C. A transport hidden from the light.— Pat. Adelaide cesspools are such; quite*.— 0. 0. E.* 'Why sure, 'tis Gale's serial flight. John Millard. ?The sun, when visible by night.— A Lunatic. Fireworks, when well displayed by (K)night. Victor Vicks. ' The planets, as they roll' by night.— Zero. Ablazing cemet seen at night.— ARCANUM & Co. To boys, to see a monstrous sight. SULTUS DELIRUS PUER. To see an angel clothed in white.— W. JONAS. A riddle answered.— Yours, Jack White. To see a spectre by moonlight. Cromwell's Ghost. Nine other answers have been received; all of which, however, are more or lew defective or otherwise objectionable. * Because directly you see them, you trans jport yourself from their vicinity.— 0. 0. £ 1.343. Arithmetical, by Kapunda.— It was reqnirvd to find the cube root of 555s correct to the third decimal. Answer, 37481*903. —Correct answers have been received from E. J. C, John Millard, Zero, W. Donnell. 1.344. Trigonometrical Problem, by Cynic. The riflleman would have to take aim at an angle of 1° y 10' al»ove the mark.— Correct answers by J. C. Hansen, John Millard. NOTES AND CORRESPONDENCE. The new problems, &c;, received from the following contributors are acknowledged with thanks: — John Millard, Neddy Fred, H. A. C, Arcanum (numerous). Correct answers to Nos. 1,332, 1,333, and 1,335, by Clara L., were accidentally over looked last week. Problem 1,359.— This curious problem will tax the ingenuity of our contributors, but 'perseverance does wonders.' ORIGINAL CONUNDRUMS. 487\. If a man says cocka- doo-dle-doo in public, is he chargeable with using foul language? 488\. If a man is sued for stealing a bricklayer's hod, is that an odd proceeding ? 489\. If an apple was set rolling down hill what would you say to it ? ' Go it, my pippin.' 490\. When are a lady's earrings like debtors?— When they are in her ears (arrears). 491\. What is the difference between a person who knocks another down for false hood, and the stoker of a railway engine? —One fights the liar, and the other lights the fire. ? 