THE SPIRITS IN LONDON. Melboprne,—according to, the Harbinger of Light,'the organ of the "Victorian spiritist's .bas.its," medjufos," itg/""circles," its wonder workingv' ipv"iBible8bat the " spirits " of * this side the globe, have-evidently something, ta learp frp&t.iheir; .English confreres. Thl? following is from the London Daily Telegraph of July-5: new feats of the metropolitan spirits becodie * common, -the difficulties of London locomotion will be-quickly solved. We need lia»e po disputes about bad. cabs, narrow omnibuses, underground rails, overground ■tramways or even travelling balloons, if-it be j true that Mrs Guppy, described by her friends as "oneo^the biggest, women in Lon don," can be carried through tlie air .from j Highbury to Lamb's^ Conduit- street in the course^ "of- a ■ few minutes. This remarkable event took place on the 3rd , of June,: 1871: eight fitnesses, not counting the transported lady and the two mediums, testify to it, and .those eigtyt include Mr 'Henry Morris, ,^es cribedas a "Manchester merchant of high standing," MrEdwards, a B.A. of Cambridge, Aud pther ladies and gentlemen, who sign their, names and addresses to the , statement. * The story "is simple. A dark: se&nce;^took place at the lodgings of the two mediums. A spirit voice exclaimed that " Mrs Guppy" world, b$ brought ; a heavy body, was "heard *' to descend on the table,;-ja light was struck and there was Mrs Guppy, .large as life, but^ without her shoes, apparently in ,a jtr^n^T,', Dn ^cpming fo" she" trended all over"—naturally enough, as' though a mediant, she'' is probably unaccustomed to trayellingtthrough. tbe air ; and ;8tandiDg >on a table with ten gentlemen sitting round her, aoinp,of ,thein strangely- is a trying posi tjion. Tmsoccurredat lien minutes past 8 precisely. She.w^s escorted hpmp in a.eab, and ber friefad, aMissN^yland, declared tbatshe had oeen^sHtirig -with: Mrs Guppy arranging t i^quHei^cld accoi^its, ;when the.lady suddenly 'disappeared. In "corroboration*' of; .this littlejfact, jt jn&y.; be mentioned that when Mrs Chippy.»-descended on the table in La Tib's Ooiiduit-«treeti she had an account book in herhand,and the ink was still Wet on the word " onions/' the very last word addressed! . to ier i>y her friend, It should also be •tat-: ed that, .when Miss Neyland missed her friend she searched for her " up stairs, down stairs,; aadinmy lady's chamber," and then, as in! duty bound, went and told Mr Guppy. He' was jplayingbilliards, and fjaily replied, " No .doubttne spiritshave carried her away, but tiiey. will take cawofher.v Even when sup* pelr canie.' end no Mts' Guppy, this bold, man; was not oast down. He a$ked (the. spirits was she safe ? They rapped out *'_Yes," and so; hewent to bed—a model husbandgven under; circumstances calculated to test marital con fiJence to the extreme. But be was partially; used.to it. .Some, time before he had had an experience as 'astounding Mr Hearne, a medium, " dropped in " one evening, not in the bqmirionplaep pray, but through walls and i ceiling^,, in. spite of fastened ;windows and loi^^d doork. That, .too, happened,at twenty .minutes past 10—the visitor appearing to the ladyaB ".a. black bundle descending from the ceiling ?" while the husband,. less-favored, «imply finds him on the floor of bis little breakfast-room and in the company of his agitated wife. " As Mr Hearne revived, his heart beat vioIentiy,-and he suffered much from thirst'*° Gnppy'a cel lar that, we arerjsbfifiUent, was not made in vainer' ;i .v ' "V _ ' - - What' canwfe flay of all this ? What be come8.of natural", laws, if a heavy lady can lightly'float over London, and dispense with cabs, carriages, 'busses, or even "With the use of,her legs? G u rionsly fe no ugh, in the pre sent instance, the pctfjd£rabUityof matter was retained, afthoughMilost itsothercbaracteris ^ics. , Mrs Guppy came down -on the table iwjjth a," heavy.kound^* although she. passes through the wall witHqut~leaving a trace be hind. We are fujly inclined to believe die testimony of the gentlemen who say that they saw the lady on the'table in Lamb's Conduit street i but.then the mferenoe .that she came tbrqugh,the air„ the WaU. or the door;i»y the agency of spirits, is not advanced by the tes timony r of .ten thousand such affirmations. There is no miraclfe in. ra lady's getting on a table in the dark. " We-need no ghost come from the grave'' to telius that it is possible; and we accept as a fact, that at ten minutes -past, 8 Mrs Guppy so appeared in Lamb's Oond uitr.street. But we. find entirely wanting the other evidence/that she was in the flesh at Highbury at an hour that wou^d make her travelling by ordinary means imposssible. When Miss Neyland was asked to say at what hour she and Mrs Guppy were together, she answered, " I do dot know; it might have b^en about 9 o'clock." Thus for want of pre cise evidence. the whole case collapses; and t ne independent witnesses simply prove that Mrs Guppyiappeats atevening parties in posi tions rather eccentric^ and in & style of dress: not yet adopted in fashionable life. Yet will it believed, that this simple apparition of a portly lady Lamb'sConduit-atreet is called by the Spiritual Magazine the " transporta- i tion ot mediums^ and that spiritualists in] Ljbndop are. rejoicing orer the new miracle? , We only hope that the contagion will not spread. If kUhusbands were good and great like Mr Gappy.aadwent quietly to bed when their wires disappear without warning, and then afcfci^ted roeir' Teturn with resignation* not to say content, all would be well. But 'w^ think.'wte ma^ safelyv say, that if. other wives taKe io imitating. her, their husbands may nef'imitate him. Some amongst us are harsh and bfutal. suspiciops. and unlrind, and they would ngt like to. see the wives of their bosoms turned into those "flying women" whom Pefcer Wilkins so madlv- loved. Wo men's rights /have been advocated to a great extent of late and here-js-a uew claim far ex ceeding jhat latitude of thelatch-key which men have long enjoyed—and so rarely abused. Jftwhen arnan comes, down, to supper, he finds his wife gone ^ff with the spirits, leav ing only a pair of slippers on his deserted hearth, ,his'temper may npt stand it. Nor can he like, when he comes home for a quiet eyeniiig, to find a male medium on the floor of his library, and to he told that he had just dropped in through the ceiling and wanted something to. drink. Xt is curious enough that exactly at the time when this strange tale of the female Gappy, to use thecoarse but exact language of naturalists—is published, there should ap pear a scientific man on tbe odd and curious phenomena associated with the presence of Mr Home, therwelUknown medium- Mr W. Crookes, the editor of the Quarterly journal of Science,, 9 _ physicist of high reputf, has carefully investigated Mr Home's manifesta tions. The point to which he directed his attention were (1) the alteration in the weight of bodies, and (2) the playing'of tunes on musical instruments with human agency. Mr Crookes constructed an apparatus by which he could test, in pounds, exactly the' amount of pressure exercised on a mahogany board. One end of the hoard was on a table, and, when Mr Hume's fingers rested on it, the other end descended to the same extent at one time as if there had been a "pull '* of <, fits pounds. l£r Crookes tried what he could do, by resting the whole weight of his own , body on the end barely touched by Mr: Home's fingers, and he found that even by " jerking " he could only affect it to the ex- : tent of a two pounds " pull." He next plac ed an accordion in a wire cage open at the, top. Mr Home, in the presence of four wit nesses^ inaroom fully-lighted by gas, touch ed.the,end farthest from the keye, and the accordion played a tune, the cage so surround-. ing ihe.instrument that nobody could touch the keys, which were risible ail the time. Mr Crookes. says that these experiments indi-' cate a new force which he calls " Psychie "— a force-radiating- from some men and at un certain times—so that die absence of the. force in other men or at other times will not disprove its existence. His witnesses in this experiment, who endorse his account, are Dr Hugging* the astronomer, and Mr Sergeant Cox—the-one bringing scientific, the other legal knowledge. The Sergeant, with great courage, states, the theory of .the new force as a " force proceeding from the nerve system capable of imparting motion and, weight to solid bodies * within the sphere of its in fluence "—for instance tables and chairs. He also, .considers-it purely " human." r We .say nothingas to the discovery .; ,we respectfully wait for further facts, but if this new light be true, it more entirely upsets4t spirit" rap ping thanl anything else yet announced. Whepj i$ps, come announcing that our de ceased grandmother wishes us to marrv Mary Ann Jones, we; shall know in future that the message comes from...the human nerves of Mary Ann's sister sitting at the other-side of the table. All of us are /willing enough to. believe anything that, would dispel the mono tony of usual life, with its; births, deaths, and marriages, breakfasts, dinners, and'suppers, -meS, women, and children, and nothing else. If there were spirits with new forces, and new locomotions, and. flying wpmen and garrul ous grandmothers long deceased, we should all rejoice. Aud in that hope who has not sat round tables mute: as a mouse, patient as A: nun, listening to raps which, being inter preted were no better than the every day talk of the " present company," only ■ stammered out through noisy wood? Who has not sat beside pretty women, believers or dupes, and felt ihat in the cause- o£-science .one. could look ftt such handsome priestesses of the new. religion for several successive hours? Yet,; ■us little Peterkin " observed, with a wisdom,, oexond his age," what good came of it at the; la»?" . Nqt.a. word was said that the medium! could not have said inhprwaking hours. This wfus the perpetual miracle—that ghosts) should walk, and spirits come from regions;' the most remote, merely to prattle prose not! half so good<as that uttered in the lucid inter-; vals--of- the- ev«ning--when- the circle- was! " broken up," and some lady being asked to; play something, conversation set in with its! .accustomed vivacity. Now all this strange- ( nessisdi spelled,, if Mr Crookes and Serjeant J Cos are right in their supposition, that the movements and the raps come invisibly from the *' nerves" of somebody present, who is i neither wiser nor better than the company ^ around, and who .plays upon as through the ! agency of. his .abnormal gift. But still the new "nerve force" does not explain Mrs Guppy's flight, nor. Mr Hearne's playful | prank of entering breakfast-rooms . on all fours, unheralded, unexpected, and unan nounced. . 