' MINING REFORM. No. S. Security foe "Mr tees' Wages. la fee estate of an insolvent fee servants have a prior claim to any other unsecured creditor. He history of reining for the last tea years in Victoria goes far to show that j some such privilege should be accorded to the working miner, who has nothing but I bis labor to depend upon, and is frequently far from home when the " ghost walks" not on fee Saturday afternoon. All sorts of objections have been raised to fee passing of a workman's lien bill, and a late candidate for parliamentary honors has denounced fee proposal as " one of fee. most impudent j and successful of shams." As Mr M-'Der- mott is a fair exponent of fee class which I would leave fee unpaid miner to Me common J law remedy, we subjoin his remarks on the subject made at the Ballarat East Town Hall an fee 3rd of fee current month. He I said : — "The thing Bounds plausible, but its absurdity can be demonstrated. Consider for a moment feat mining, like every other enterprise, can only be carried on with capital ; without feat, then, there can be no employment. Suppose fee case of a miner, or a reining company pos sessing & claim and plant, fee plant : procured by capital already expended : ? to work fee mine money must be obtained , from fee capitalist or money-lender — gene rally fee bankers. The lender demands, P the borrower most offer, security : but what a security conld be offered wife a lien law in 1 operation ? Why, clearly only a second S mortgage on fee plant, or rather a mortgage, : subsequent it might be to one hundred ' othere — even. upon, land money cannot be got easily upon second mortgage. Such securities upon chattel property, plant, or machinery'would be rejected by any money lender — certainly by fee banks — as worth less ; so that the proposed law wonld practically prevent reining bring de veloped, and fee miner bring employed. r We all know feat fee Hand and Band and other great reining enterprises here conld never have been carried out bnt- for bank : assistance ; but suppose the difficulty of ob- s tsining fee money was got over, and the lien of fee workmen attempted to be en- ' forced — imagine 100 unpaid workmen standing round an engine upon which each had his £4 or £5 mortgage. What were they to do wife their liens i They conld not tear fee machinery to pieces «nd divide it ; questions as to fee amount due to each mortgagee might arise. Some might be for selling, others not The only remedy to realise fee liens would be a suit in equity — a pleasant prospect for fee working who, instead of days' attendance in a court to look after his lien and secure his rights, would probably find it more profit able to be looking after another job." The speaker then immediately plumed him self npon having effectually demolished the " sham," and requested his hearers to tell any advocate of a lien bill wife his compli ments that he was dtlipi- imposing upon there or did not know what he Was talking about. At fee risk of appearing in Mr : MDermott's learned eyes either an impostor ; or an ignoramus, we shall endeavor to print out feat a lien bill for fee recovery of un paid wages would benefit alike fee mining f companies and fee working men. Imprimis, | we affirm that mining typratinna are alwavs | more satisfactorily conducted when there is | no mortgage on fee plant. A hundred 1. instances of fee converse of feia J proposition could be adduced from the ex- ; perience of fee past two years. A mortgage | of machinery shows a want of edf-rdiance on the part of fee directors, and a want of j confidence on feat of fee Rhanpjinldpm An j overdraft having been obtained, upon security f of fee plant, fee money is almost invariably expended before fee slightest effort is made . to recoup fee lenders by calling up capital. i At length a heavy call is made, and but 1 partially responded to. The, majority of j shareholders hold no scrip in their own I names, and so can please themselves whether ; feey meet or shirk their responsibility. Some will pay up, while others will allow their shares to be forfeited, eifha hoping to buy them at auction for fee <-gH should anything favorable transpire in fee mean time, or intending to come in again at some future period on still more favorable tarma. What has fee result been? Why, feat I almost every bank in Ballarat could have : set up in business, in apparition to fee I Messrs Davey, Mr Campbell, and Mr - Fleming. And so long as feey get their own money back, fee conductors of those large pawnbroking establishments care not two pins if fee plant sold at auction or bought privately fetch only as many hon- \ dreds as it cost thousands. Thr sacrifice of reining machinery has been something frightful We hold fee mortgaging of machinery to banks or private individuals to be a roost pernicious practice, and wonld have fee 25th section of the ' Mining Companies limited liability Act | incontinently repealed. The section runs f thus " It shall be lawful for fee company, . when and as often as any money is borrowed under this act; to secure fee re payment thereof and interest thereon by a ' mortgage of fee land comprised in any j lease or claim, and by a bill of sale of j fee machinery, plant; goods," chattels, »ud J effects of such company." The verv fruit | of a company bring afforded no power to mortgage either its claims or - chattel | property wonld infuse into fee directors | a vigor and self-reliance in conducting I its operations which would react most favorably upon fee shareholders. Their fi monthly contributions would in that | rease be far more likely to be-paid-punetually, | when feey knew feat fee works at the S mine were not likely to be suspended by a | domiciliary visit from fee sheriff's officer, at fee instance of a judgment-confession- j, holding bank. The number and names of ; fee mines which have succumbed to fore- | closure during fee last three years, are they j, not written in fee chronicles of fe" Official F Agent? There being no mortgage then j! permitted, we have calls paid regularly, s and consequently far less chance of £: miners' wages running into arrear. E Depend upon it, fee money would always g be found for fee payment of three 1 week's wages (vide i7ifrdt) if fee sacrifice of | a valuable plant were fee only alternative. 1 As to fee suit in equity for recovery of 1 wages pleasantly suggested by Alk- M'Der- 1 mofct, we think feere is a much sampler and more feasible remedy to suggest. Let, then, fee working miners have a lien on fee company's plant and machinery to fee extent of three weeks' wages. The custom is to pay fee men once a fortnight If, at fee expiration of one week after wages have become overdue; payment be stall withheld, power should be given to fee Official Agent to take the case of fee miners in hucrl He would, lump fee sum due to each, and sue through fee authorised barrister or solicitor (whose appointment, was referred to in No. 7) for fee amount en masse at the nearest police court. This would cast a comparative trifle, which would not be felt amongst a body of miners. If the company settled fee claim, well and good ; but failing that; fee Official Agent would proceed to > realise on fee plant machinery. Id nine cases out of ten feere would be no necessity to proceed to extremes. For anv amounts dne to workmen beyond three weeks' wages we would give no preferential olai upon the company's property, but make the miners rank with the rest of the creditors. In order to establish the above principle, some alterations would have to be made iri the Limited Liability Act ; hut this is a i matter in which the lawyer, and not the layman, should advise. It will be urged that contracts for sink ing, driving, or other mining work, ought to be brought under the same category. We think not ; for in that case the timber mer chant, the firewood Bupplier, the iron monger, and the chandler might each claim to be as much a contractor as the "i" who engaged to remove so many cubic yards for so much per yard, or put in so much (amber at so many shillings "per fathom. Besides, a contractor has means of ascertaining the financial position of a rnimW company not possessed by the laborer, and is in a position to demand a specific agreement both as regards deliveiy and dates of payment Armed with this, he can at any moment break his contract upon the manifestation of a breach of agreement on the other side. The working miner having no such safe guard ought to be protected in some other way. If Mr MUermott can suggest a better than would be provided by a lien bill, we shall he happy to give his ideas full con sideration. There is yet another way of securing miners their wages. It is by setting apart say five per cent- of the capital of a com pany as a reserve fund, to be vested in the hands of trustees. This, independently of the interest, which might be used by the company in the conduct of its business, would be amply sufficient to cover all wages claims of not more than three weeks' stand ing. No other creditors, so long as mining operations were being carried on, should have power to attach this fund — upon which the miner, and the miner alone, would have a preferential claim. Were the dummying of shares put an end to — as it must be, if mining on Ballarat is ever to regain its prestige — the probabilities are that the re serve would in the majority of cases remain a nest egg, until the final dissolution of each company; for, responsibilities would be so fairly divided, and so generally recognised, that an unpaid workman would become aa rare a bud in Victoria as the moa is in New Zealand. A miuinir company, where there is no dummying of shares, becomes a responsible firm in which each partner acknowledges his liabilities, and liquidates them so long as he may possess the means. Barely do we hear of drapers', ironmongers', or grocers assistants, journeymen in large shops, or foundry men suing for their wages. Why do unpaid miners clamor for protection and a lien hill ? Simply because mining com panies are not placed upon a strict commer cial basis, and no shareholder need be re sponsible for a shilling, except the directors, whose liability is too frequently limited to the few shares which they must hold in their own names to qualify them for a seat on the board. We have now propounded two modes of securing miners their overdue wages. If we have a preference, it is in fever of the reserve fond, because a company once de spoiled of its plant is in much the same condition as an aquatic bird deprived of the webbing -which enables it to swim. 