An Eventful Life A story so strange that it seems almost incredulous was told by a young woman named Mary JI'Everett, who appeared at the Geelong central police court, recently, charged with larceny. Although not quite twenty years of age, if her statement be correct, she has experienced some, extraordinary vicissitudes. Three years ago, she alleges that her fate was irre trievably sealed by a marriage contracted with a Chinaman, at Scarsdale. The. bonds of holy matri mony were weldsd, she asserts, without her consent, and previous to the ceremony she was drugged with -wine supplied by a company of Ohinamon into -whose -society sho allowed . herself thoughtlessly to 'Ibe* .entrapped- The Mongolian bride groom ' went by tho name of Dick, and the - officiating clergyman— a Mr. Taylor — ?received a sum of £30, subscribed by the other Ohinamon, for his services. Cherishing an inlra-e repugnance for hr;r swarthy, nlmondeyt-d, tail decorated, but withal devoted 'Dick,' after a very brief cat aci-dog experienca of matrimonial infeli city, the brill Io li'inis were rudely burst, and 'Dick' retired to a pastoral occupation — tailing sheep — on one of tho runs of the Western district. The larceny of which M'Everett now stood accused occurred in. the following manner: — Weorge Thom son, a farmer residing it iike Connewarre, engaged her as a servant, at a labour oftco in G--;elon^. This was on the 12th February, and on the fM'.O'ying ?day she went out to her place; Nothing lineom mon transpired 'till Sunday mprniug, or two days afterwards, when on the master going into the. kitchen, he found that his servant had levanted. A letter produced in court was lying; on the table. The document, badly written, was a3 follows: — ' pies to send my omc home to my mother, my body is in the rivar, i am tide of life; if you come ;tp :. the water you fit:d my body, take ii'j-ito my poor mother's house, if dont , if aont tejl hflr of my ghost.'' The letter was a san guinary one, being bedaubed with blood, and the . result yas that with all . possible speed the police ' weireJjpiikJjn possession of the facts. Shortly after '; wanU 'Sergeant J3?bhc\^ equipped' with dru.^s, pto deeae3.tp.tte scene xif ihe'suppasedsuViHi;. But nappy p/'eVftufibn/* :b|''j)g1/? jtaken *'.-/! ' ' i:xiniine', Sho gm'i chest Sef-/rS' soirnhi'^ ? f * the* body, a ).. flight burst on the affui; w-ni: *':i« discovered ''nttha box was minus ever v pu ; '.a vt property, i -yond a pair of blmkets which bij-'n^ed to her maE'.T, and which he was evidently inii- .de-i to be deprived bf. . Sergeant Toohey returned, and bent his steps on the following day to Worceldine, on the Western-roftd, Vhere he discovered the ser- : vant maid of suicidal tendencies safe and sound. On being questioned, about the foolish epistle, she admitted having painted it with blood obtained by pricking her finger with a pin. For the theft of the ? blankets she was sent to prison for one month, where she will be enabled to reflect at leisure on her extremely foolishly and humiliating escapade.— Gee- long Express. ':'i''. '? From Tambu-oora we learn that 7 tons stone from Erohman's claim, crushed on Tuesday, tat, yielded 1552oz gold. 28 tons stone from Byce's claim, have given 1500oz gold. The balanoeof Erohman's quartz (13 tons) cni9had on Thursday, considered as poor stuff, gave 260oz of gold out of 19 tons of stone, or an average of C9ot 4dwt per ton. Messrs. Buyers, Holler man, and Co, have likewise waih«d out 1400ok gold, the product of 28 tons, or an average of SOoz per ton. Both chums are situated at Hawkins' Hilt It is only a short time back these lucky proprietors struck these rich veins, which promise toBeclipee all former finds in thii new Pactele. 