ANOTHER ALARM. reople wbo "havo nerves " are kept :in a constant state of alarm by -that hydraulic monster the Coliban scheme. One day the reservoir is becoming aesput, as uoionel oamkky would have it, and determined, to overflow its banks, and drown those who have been conspiring to. dam it, . When that frightful event does not come oif, an!- other sensation is got' up by the timid folk superintendipg the water. The alarm now is that tbe.tower is going by the board, end all are praying that it will not topple oviir till a certain Mr. : '' J Gordon of Indian reputation arrives to prop it up. It appears as though when the wiBeacres drew up the valve, to let the water pass through the large open ing at its base, they felt the vibration of the tower so unexpected and violent that thev ran awav and left the unfor- tunate structure to the mercy of the torrent rushing through it. They had long been warned by wiser men than themselves that if they ven tured to send the water through it without certain very obvious and es-. sential checks, the tower would be in imminent danger, even were it four times as strong. Colonel Sankf.y could not see this, being Royal Engineer without hydraulics, hence his instruc tions have nearly led' to a catastrophe which no tyro in a foundry or pin mber's shop would have hazarded . This Majmsbury tower was con structed by Mr. Wilks, now deceased, a gentleman who, wlintover may have been his merits or demerits, ha« never had his capability as an enginoer called in question during the Coliban embroglio. The tower was not completed at the death of that gentleman, or the great mistake of not pntting a vent or air-pipe to the eflluent water, immediately behind the stop-valve, would never. have occurred. The effluent pipe is about 7ft. Gin. in diameter, with a pressnre oi permanent, head, when tho reservoir is full, equiva lent to about eighteen pounds on the square inch. On opening the valve to allow the water to discharge itself into the aqueduct from the reservoir, the water rushed in with a lorce equiva lent to that above specified. Against this outflowing force in a closo pipe, the atmosphere — by reason of the vacuum formed in consequence of the efflux referred to — exerts another force of a reactive character. These two forces, combating each other within a comparatively small space, produce a vibration enough to 'ruin outlet works, even if constructed of any material or on an)- plan within the compass of en gineering knowledge. But this destructive tendency of water in such rapid motion in a con- fined channel may ho'cpmpletely neu tralised — as is actually in practice every day in smaller works — by the introduction of air immediately Behind the valve, as near as possible to the nana, contmvta. This admission of air' prevents the dangerous vacuum being formed, and the result is, that a steady and more uniform outflow from the re servoir take piece. The provisions marie by the late estimable resident engineer would have rendered the tower capable of bearing four times the strain possible under present circumstances. It is not unreasonable to ask why such self-evident engineering arrangements were nut made by those who succeeded him ? Waaittbat the homage recently given to a Royal Engineer caused tbem to lose their common sense? — or have they lost- their beads in dread of another luiui- nnrv' who is said to be approachine:, whose name is G-okdon ? — from the same region, too, which furnished the brilliant constellation Saxkey. ..Why did not the sagacious Titos. HiGiNboTHAir, who was so skilled in hydraulics ' in 18l>9 as . to dewire the entire 'oontrol of the works, find out the mistake committed ? The folly of tbff recent fiasco with the outlet pipe is supreme, and is enough to bring poor Mr. Wilks back again, like the ghost of the murdered -King. IIiGiNBOTHAM and others, who now in their . ignorance find that they have made another blunder, lay all the blame" on tho tower. Having nearly shaken it down by subjecting it to a strain.it was never designed to ; resist, and which no structure could long sustain, they cry out that the. tower is weak, and must be rebuilt. If the Government listen to such drivel ling nonsense as this, we shall have very little hope in their sagacity to settle for ever this Coliban difficulty. When it is a fact defying contradic tion, that the tower at the reservoir is the strongest in the world of its kind, and capable of answer ing for centuries the purpose for which it was built-, it is offering a pre mium to stupidity to listen for a moment to the childish gamut of alarms which are proceeding at regular intervals from the Malmsbury Reser voir. If the Government would accept outside, advice, it would be far better for the national exchequer and credit to let the finishing of tlm works to a pri vate firm. Not many months would elapse before the troubles of our water stinnly would be things of the past. We have been taught so long now bow to " roast eggs," by learned R.E.s, and those who echo their inani ties, that it would be really refreshing to know that two or three common, practical engineers were entrusted to boil tbem at Malmsbury. While Thomas Hjoixbotham is singing — Gordon is camiug, oh oh, oh-oh ! Gordon is coming : « no ikcoa run a yuijj f t \- . Gonlon is coming, oh ob, oh oh ! Time and; money are being lost, and another summer must pass without the water reaching the mining centres for which it was collected. We are told that the cry is now, " Empty the reser voir." If such a base thing is per mitted without sound reasons being given — which do not now exist — it will be time for the country to utter its emphatic condemnation of the act. 