A GAT H A . By James Dunlop. BOOK II. Chapter II. GASTON Marlay pigeoned his man. The resources thus furnished permit of the ex lieuteRant's adding considerably to his es tablishment. Nor is it even asked by the yrorld, whose eves are all on the surface, from whence the means hare come for this. JJitherto Mr. Marlay has been feign to con tent himself as a pedestrian lounger at the times when all London turns out to view itself in the great Parks. Now, however, he mounts a superb piece of blood, and, with a groom at his rear, joins the throng of eques trians. Not forgetful of old friends he at these times frequently accommodates his boon com panion, Mr. Pimper, with a charger, and along with that gentleman, (who, except insisting onoe or twice in putting his arms round his horse's neck), cuts a very passable figure, takes his exercise amid the tiaut ton in no way in ferior in outward appeaiance and equipage to any of its members. ♦* I say, old fellow,'£exelaimed Mr. Pimper on one of these occasions ; ' this is what I call ^You are possibly correct,' replies the other j ' but there is no absolute necessity for your bawling your sentiments at the top of your Voice ao as to be heard a mile off.' Mr. Pimper's horse making at this moment a well-bred and perfectly fashionable curvette, his rider's attention is fully occupied in ^keep ing up bis connection with the saddle. ' Can you make out who that is in front of tys ?'* asks VLr, Msrlay, again breaking: silence. Following his friend's gaze Mr. Pimper at once recognises the individual indicated. *' To be sure,'5 cries he, ' that is our Lady Eglamour.' ' I thought so,' returns Marlay, witb/as sumed indifference. ' I shall join her for a minute when we overtake her. You can go forward.'* This last suggestion hardly suits Mr. Pim per's ideas. He has a vast notion of being seen to Advantage, and certainly does not ap preciate being so calmly put on one side when an opportunity for doing so occurs. ' Do you know her ?' he^asks in p-qued astonishment. « Yes.' They are now within a few yards of Agatha. She is mounted upon a high bay, powerful and full-spirited, but he chafes at his bit with a subdued air, conscious of the iron will of that magnificent woman who guides him. They are a well-matched and superb pair. The -pant horse a model of symmetry {and pace, plashing the foam upon' bis chest and legs, under the cool control of a woman upon whom ftU eyes are turned in admiration and wonder. At her side rides the faithful baronet, some what out of fashion in his manner, but still undeniably gentlemanly and self-possessed. Many eyes are turned on him also, and fre quent pleasant recognitions are bestowed upon hlra. by men of Mb ownsage, who knew him in his days of youthful pleasure, when young Amswelie was the best cross-country rider, the best billiard player, and the most success ful gallant of his time. As Marlay partially' reins his horse by the side of Agatha that slight pallor strikes over her face which was noticed at the assembly, but it is momentary, its place being usurped by a sweet smile of acknowledgment. *' Ah, Mr. Marlay,' she says, ' I have so often wondered what had become of you. You have been abroad ?'' ' I have, Lady Eglamour. I am but just returned.' *' You see I have a'so just returned. This is so delightful after the dull country.' *' Delightful alike for yourself and for those who have once more the happiness of seeing you,' rejoins Marlay with a smile that has in it a tinge, of bitterness. Agatha replies to his compliment with a little tinkling laugh. ' Shall you be at'-lthe Marchioness of JVs to-night?'' she enquires gaily. ' I had intended not, but should you be there I am aftaid the temptation will be too great.' ** I am going, and shall see you there then. ood-bye.' Agatha turns to the baronet who is some what fidgety, and Marlay, touching his horse's flank, rejoins his companion. 'Do you know that gentleman, Arnold?' asks Agatha, when he is gone. ? 'No,' returns the baronet, rather drily; *? but I heard something about him at D.'s the other evening not exactly to his advantage.' 'Then you are displeased with me for speaking with him,' says Agatha, in tones of *egret. «Qh, no, not at all,' is the reply, but the tone is such that its interpretation maybe taken in the opposite sense. Late in the evening- Marlay lounges into the Marchioness of R.'s, The rooms are as U6ual crowded, and it is only by dint of patient equeeging that he at last finds himself within a tew yards of Agatha. She is engaged in conversation with a young gentleman with limp fair hair, and a forehead that projects as though it had tooth ache ; but the instant her eyes rest upon those of Marlay, with a motion of her fan 6he beekong him to her side. ' I am so glad you are come,' she says in a law tone. ''Give me your arm. I am so tired of sitting.' They move through various apartments, and at length reach one lese crowded than the rest, which again leads into a k.»nd of pillared portico, which in turn leads |n.tQ ft conservatory and orangery, and from thence by wide steps into the garden. The pool air is blowing through the high open windows bearing: with it the odour of flowera. '- Qow refreshing !' exclaims Agatha, press ing more heavily upon her partner's arm, M after- $b,e closeness of those odious rooms.' *v Does this scene recall no memory to you, Agatha?' asks Marlay, in a soft voice, bend ins bis head towards her and searching her free for a reply. For a moment Agatha's face droops, then atie raises her eyes fearlessly to his. 'It might had I not resolved to forget. To forget that I have lived before this year. You also, must drive all the vain dreams from yojur mmd that have hUherto. haunted it. It was to ask tou to do ihis that I wished to see you to-night. Promise me that you will do it.' ' And wherefore? ' i am soon aggln^to be^married, as you must have, beard.' ' To whom ?' ** You must already know that I am betrothed to Sir Arnold Amswelle. Our mar riage takes place before the middle of the season.5' ' And vou love him ?'' 'I respect him. That is I shall teach myself to do so ere long.' They have now reached the top of the broad flight of steps that leads into the garden. Marlay has taken Agatha's hand from his arm and holds it in his. His brow is heavy and dark, and is overshadowed by masses of thick brown hair. His face is paler than went. The dissipated expression has left it and only-jtraces of strong passion and some what of contempt remain. ' Do you remember, Agatha,' he says, suddenly' raising his head and spaking vehe mently ; ' Do you remember that you once swore to love me ?' ** I tell you,' replies the woman, coldly, but in evident pain, ' that I have resolved to forget.' ' But I cannot forget. You have bound my very life in chains that I cannot sever. When you wrote that I must drive you from my mind even you roust have had p-ty had you seen me writhe as though a serpent had pierced me witb its sting. I swore that I should not cross your path again. You crossed mine and I am again lost. Oh ! Agatha 1' The last words are spoken in a tone of the bitterest reproach. Agatha looks around them fearfully. ' I must leave you,' she says, without emotion. ' Let us part as friend?.' ' Why not let me continue to love ?' As Marlay says this the partially pure look that had lit up his features gives place to one vicious and mean. The soul of love is its purity. The first breath of treachery makes it a thing of earth, vile and unsightly. ' I cannot.' *' Your first husband was no* barrier to my love.' Agatha's teeth clench together as a vice. ' What in Heaven's name would you hint at ?' she says, white with passion. Marlay is now cold. They have changed sides. ' That even when Eglamour lived I loved you faithfully as ever. I never expected to be your husband. I do not now ; but there is a love that is stronger than a husband's. That love will continue to be mine. I can love without feeing you. Take yourself where you may my love will follow you=' ' Poor romantic dreamer !' 'Possibly, Lady Eglamour. Yet if you will call to mind you may remember that vour words were once as burning as mine ' 'I have told you, Mr. Marlay, that I have resolved to forget.' 'I have also told you that I will never forget. For the last time— may I continue to love you ?' ' No.' Agatha's answer is assuredly decided enough ; but a certain wavering of accent be trays a similar instability of purpose. It is gratifying to man or woman alike to be con scious of being admired and beloved. Pos sibly this gratification has some part in causing Agatha's indecision, but still more probible is it that even this woman is under thepo-ver of that strange fascination which romancers call love. If she is hers will be no common passion, but one that deserves our pity. Marlav does not at once give up the chase. ' Then I may have hope even though it be but faint,' he murmurs, as he replaces her hand upon his arm, '* Spare me, Mr. Marlay,' returns Agatha, in real or simulated pain. ' I have loved you too well already. Why not listen to my entreatieB and let us both forget, You know not how I suffer, Mr. Marlay. But let us talk no more. Let us return to the rooms.' And so they move in, she chatting gaily, he respectful ?nd attentive. While they are yet within sight Mr. Pimper struts from behind a high French shutter, his hands in his pockets and a sly grin upon his face. ' That man is a fool who cannot have two strings to his bow,'' he soliloquises, with a covert snigger. ' Mr. Marlay you may be of service to me one day.' He bows with mock civility to the space which his friend has just vacated, and appar ently much pleased with himself strolls through the galleries. The different moods of men are as varied as the ever shifting atey, and even as rapid in their changes. The evening has passed- The grey light of dawn is creeping coldly into the boudoir of Agatha. She sits there upon a couch, her brow lowering and dark, her figure, despite the chilliness of the air, enveloped only in the light folds of a dressing-gown. She has sat here for hours. Rest is not for the guilty. Here, upon this couch, had Eglamour's arm been pressed around her waist. Here did his lips cling to hers in a rapture that seemed terrified to end. Here in the days of his last illness was he wont, when feeling better, to stretch himself and listen to the clear low tones of Agatha as she read from his favorite authors. Here had he playfully applied to himself the lines she read : — ' I dwell alone, In a world of moan ; And my soul was a stagnant tide, Till the fair and gentle Eulatie Became my blushing bride.' Here had be come in his days of highest glory, when she was feverish or ill, and unfolded to her dreams which were hid from all the world beside. Hete had he ? -, but why continue. For often do phantoms of ihese days moek the imagination of the unhappy womaD. Oh, horror ! they are there daily. They are there now. His eyes are fixed lovingly upon her, but there are also tears of reproach in them ! Now they glaze and fix upon her a deadly stare ! *l Leave me,' she implores, casting herself upon the ground in front of this spectre of her awn raising, ' Foe God's sake depart.' Her movement recalls her. She glides from the room— she the so much admixed of/ an hour or two before — see the fascinating, the gay — herself now like a ghost. She will seek repose, but she will not rest. Con science, as an avenger, seldom fails. To be continued. 