SKULLS AND 80IEN0E. > From the Neu York Tribune. Chicago bos dose it at last 1 Tho last re proach upon our flag is wiped off, nnd the oity of divoroo and ditohea is our redeemer. As a nation onr youth has always beon the one damned spot that would not out. Tho taint of vulgar nowncss has restod on our rivers nnd onr mountains, oa well as on onr ideas and onr mannera ; and Chicago has no doubt felt the burden with peculiar bitterness. We may have jibed her with hor late birth ourselvoa. Aoy fcathor-headed foreigner had tho prerogative of age to jeer et ns. Whether wo ohoked n rebellion or sounded onr r's through onr nose, we ware liable to be patted on - the baok and suavely ramiaded that we were young, and that things wcro not so done in the oldor countries over the sea. Conld we deny it ? Jonathan oould stretch bis mighty limbs aa ha pleased, brag of bis giant's strength, his shrewd brain, bis yearly con quests ; yet ho was painfully conscious all the timo that ho was the liobblo-do-lioy among the nations — tho uulickcd' sohoolboy with whom nobody dared to try a wrestlo, but who oould bo stung into fury hy a sneer. Consequently he has kootoood and salaamed beforo every travelling seribblor or story-monger, fearful that he would bo dismissed by them to the dunce's stool fur somo solecism in manners dr. pronunciation. To bo euro wo did whet wo could to mako ourselves n descent aud an antiquity. Tho Now- Engianders kept tho doad bones of tho Pilgrim Fathors stalking abroad in tho sight of all man. Philadelphia has never buried William Penu; iu New York wo mado what capital wo could out of Hendriok Hudson ; and Yirgiuin families, headed by the Lcos, console themselves to-day for thoir empty pookcts and missing slaves by squabbling about wbothor thoir visionary coats-of-arms should bo mooDS with unfilled horns on rampant squirrels. But Chicago has oome to tho rescue. Sho has discovered a skull in Calaveras county, California, and named it in her Academy of Soionces, which proves the American to bo not the youngest son of Timo, but tbo un named ancestor of Timo itself. Tbo Euro pean seientifia journals receive the report of the discovery with breathless awe. " The spot from whioh tha skull was taken," they say, " tho lowest of four deposits of auriferous gravol, over which wore five successive beds of lava and volcanio tufa, refers it to the Plio- ocno, or tho ago before tho volcanio eruptions which oovor a great part of the Stato, preced ing that of the mastodon, olephant, and other great pachydermia. This romarknblo disco very, then, if placed beyond doubt, carries baok tbo presence of man in Amerioa to a period ovon moro remote than that inferred from the atono implements in tho drift of Abbovillo and Amiens in tbo vailoy of tho Somme, or tho human skeleton in tbo loess of tho Rhino." YariouB oonjeotnres follow us as to tho effect of this discovery upon future eoicnoo. But what do wo care for future scionoe ? Wo are np loDger liko Mclobiscdec, without fathor, mother, or deaccnt. Tho past is ours. Tho first dead Yankeo has gono down to be crowned King in Hades. " Hell from beneath is moved to meot him at his coming; it stirreth npthe dead for him, oven the chief ones of tbo earth." Talk of yonr Norman blood, of old Costilian, or tho ancient Latin, races I When grey-haired Saturn was a babe in swaddling alothes, this great pro genitor of ours bad left life, old us Ago itself, to soo what proGt conld bo mado in tho realm of ghosts. Whon the modorn Adam first looked about tha newly-fashioned world, this anoiont Jonathan nodded goodluok to bim out of tho land of shadows. Ages beforo. ho had discovered, invented, teated, tbe world, and all tbat was in it, and fonnd it to bo but vanity and vexation of apirit. Tho ages sinco bavo heaped dead noes over his resting plane, whb, being dead, rest in quiot and make no sign. But, trao to his nature, he eomes nosing bis way baok, and thrusts hisflcsblefs jaws among his doscendants, to see what now thing thoy have found ont nt this late hour of tha day. He has brought ns dignity among tho nations. Henoeforth the Goddess of Liberty shall keep him in sight of them cheok by jowl with herself. " Bore she and Timo shall sit. Hero is her throne : let Kings oome bow to it." Well-boring and Pumting Machinery, — An interesting paper on " Well-boring and Pamping Machinery," by Mr. W. Mather, of Manchester, has been read at a meeting of tbe Institution of Mechanical Engineers. A steam-engine, a flat hemp-rope, a few baring tools, lifts, nnd grapnels of various forms) constitute, he says, the working apparatus. A hole is bored in tbo gronnd in tbe usual way ; then tho boring tool, attached to the end of a rope, is let down and made to give a succession of blows on the bottom, boing turned slightly ronnd between every stroke. In this way tbe bottom, whether alay, gravel, obalk, or reek of any kind, is broken and penetrated; the tnnl ia vntmil stvifllu nn (tia liffinm hiirtlrnl is booked on, and speedily brings up tbe loosoned materia). There are various contri vances for meeting contingencies; bat a general idea of the method of workiog may bo gathered from this brief description. It is a metbod ingenious tn its simplioity, and vory effective, and much more expeditious than the former practiee of using iron rods, tho woigbt of which at great depths becomes enormous. It was by Mr. Mather's maobioory that tbe boring of Middlesborough, wbioh discovered tlio existence of largo beds of rook-salt and of brine springs in that part of the Yale of Tees, was effected. This boriog is eighteen inobes in diameter and 1313 feet deep, tbrongb sand stone, limestone, gypsum, and marl. The time occupied was 540 days, and tbe number of men employed, including a smith to sharpen the cutters, never exoceded six. At Nor wich, a well twenty-four inchos and eighteen, inohes diameter was sunk 1184 feet, mostly through chalk aud flints, at the rate of one foot eleven inohes per day. At other places in England, on tbe continent, and in India, similar, operations have been carried ont. A boring to e'xploro for petroleum is going on at Assam. The publio works department of India have throe of tbe . machines in use, and many a thirsty town and village will ere long rejoice in abundance of water. Hull affords a striking example of what may be accomplished by deep boring. Three boles wore sunk to a depth of 400 feet, and tapped a supply of excellent water, whioh mounts to tho surface, and delivers a copious flow of two million gallons every day for the use of tbo inhabitants, without pumping. This machi nery can also be used to explore for minerals, oa it will bring np a specimen " core" of every stratum through which it passes. An offer has been made to bore . a hole three feet in diametor to a depth of fonr thonsand feet in some part of Snrrey, to test the theory of deep-lying beds of eoal beneath that county; and in the neighborhood of Moscow, a boring, intended to be tbree thousand foet deep, is now carried on night and day, with a view to a permanent supply of good water. Many thonsonds. of poor women throughout tho country are interested in a decision that has jest been rendered hy a New York judge, to the effect that a sowing- machine cannot be seized for debt. . In tbe case of ' Campe v. Singer," in tho Marine Court of this city, a womanspued the eity marshal for her sewing uiaohine, seized by him tinder a judgment from one of the district courts. The judge held that the maobioe was exempt from seizure on two grounds— -first, as .boing neces sary household furniture; and second, as boing used by the plaintiff to earn bor liveli hood; and ho gave judgment in the sum of 88 dollars, tho price of the machine, with in terest from tho date of seizure. Furthermore, regarding - tho condoot of the marshal as a trespass, he gave 10 dollars a week in damages for the time the owner had been deprived of tbo machine. Tbo penalty inflicted seems to as to bo unnecessarily soverc. 