TABLE TALK. SINCE OUE LEADER WAS PUT INTO TYPE several new versions of the Oxley Island affair have reached us through correspondents and others. The prevailing opinion at present is, that the proprietor of the haunted house knows a great deal more about the matter than he chooses to disclose; in other words, that the whole thing is an attempt to impose upon public credulity. A great many people have visited the place during the last two or three days, among others gentlemen whom it would be rather difficult to deceive. When such visitors arrive, the ghost at once takes liis departure, and there is nothing super- natural to be seen or heard. The whistling only goes on now when people are assembled whose organs of wonder are largely developed, and it is most common after frequent libations have been made at the shrine of Bacchus. As to the person who " fainted three times and has been ill ever since," perhaps the less said the better. It has, however, reached our ears that he was duly " primed" for the occasion, and it is alleged that spirits from sundry bottles had more to do with the " fainting" than those which are called from the " vasty deep," and sometimes refuse to come even when called. Oar conviction now is that the whole secret will be shortly discovered; indeed, many assert that it is already known. The matter has been taken in hand by persons not altogether unskilled in the artxf detecting imposture, and we expect to have conclusive evidence of the imposition before the lapse of many days. A CORRESPONDENT, who sent a paragraph to the " Table Talk" of the NEWS about a month ago, in which something was said about the conduct of a minister at a party, now writes to re-assert all that he had previously written. He refuses to noticc anything that has appeared on the subject in what he calls " an obscure and scurrillous print," but declares that his informant " was one of the persons who accompanied the minister," and that upon making further enquiries he has been assured by several respectable persons, who were present that all he asserted was literally true. It seems to us in everyway desirable to terminate a discussion, which in its present stage is altogether unsuited to the columns of a newspaper. If it be true— and we abstain from an expression of any opinion on the subject just now—that a minister of religion, of any denomination, has been seen in a Stat? bordering upon intoxication, and if this has happened more than once, it is the bounden duty of those, who-say they witnessed these disgraceful sights to make the facts known where there is power to deal with such cases; and we do not see how any pious man-can reconcile it to his own conscience to be silent, whilst such preachers are destroying the interests they are paid to build up. No false delicacy—no fear of the odium which sometimes attaches itself to the name of an informer—should hold any man back, if he knows such statements to be true, and can prove them. Bat if he is not quite certain ; if after all there is room for doubt on the subject, or if the matter depends mainly upon his own unsupported evidence; prudence dictates silence; and what prudence dictates, charity also commends. We must decline any further notice of tlio matter in these columns. Our correspondent should prove his charges before the proper tribunal, and then we shall have no objection to publish the result. THE BISHOP OF NEWCASTLE arrived on Tuesday last, and will preach at Taree and Cundletown to-morrow. Some week- day services are also to be held, but we are neither authorised nor requested to announce them. WE ARE INFORMED that the people of Cundletown were amused (?) by certain equestrian performances in the streets of that village last Sunday. Particulars arc withheld for the present. IT IS STATED that a gentleman and lady came very near being drowned at the "good crossing" near Wingham, last Sunday. They drove a dog cart into the river, and although it was low water, both parties had the benefit of a hip bath — the water rising to the seat of the vehicle. After some maneuvering, a retreat was effected, but we are assured that the "good crossing" will not be similarly attempted, at least by the same parties, for some time to come. It was a very bold experiment, and it is a great mercy that the parties were not drowned. IT MAY INTEREST some of our readers to hear that a township, to be called FOBSTEB, in honor of a former representative of this district, has been laid out at the entrance to the Wollamba river, and that the allotments will be disposed of very shortly. THE NEW STORE AT TINONEE will be opened in the course of two or three weeks. Mr. TILNEY will tell the public what he proposes in our next issue. We believe his good lady went to Sydney to procure stock by the last steamer. DR. WILLOUGHBY IS NOW FAIKLY INTRODUCED to our readers, and the friends of "moderation" may well be proud of their champion ; for he argues that side of the question with great ability. We shall see, as the story progresses, how these principles work in practice. The chapter contained in our present issue shows that strictly temperate men may sometimes stand in the way of wretched drunkards, who wish to abandon the road to destruction ; and how unobjectionable "principles" may be made to apologize for most destructive practiccs. The narrative will increase in interest as it progresses. A PUBLIC MEETING has been held at Wingham, to protest against the removal of the punt. Decided, yet respectful, resolutions are said to have been adopted. MR. ROBERT SEARLE commenoed crushing last Monday, and'finds that his mill answers admirablyWith two horses, he turns out 700 gallons of juice a day, which he says marks 20 by a new saccharometcr just obtained from Sydney. This is quite astonishing, but we arc not in a position to contradict what Mr. SEARLE asserts, and what we know he believes to be true. It is ccrtain that the juice is extraordinarily rich, and that the yield of dry sugitr will be somewhat unusual; but we shall not venture to give the latter this week. There are now at least fifteen acres at Trcgolden, ready for crushing, nnd the owner intends to plant ten acres more this season. THE PROPRIETOR OF THIS JOURNAL hiving received not loss than three lettersof enquiry from medical gentlemen, who are willing to come to the Manning provided sufficient inducement be held out, considers it mosf&xpedien;£ to state the, facts, and then to leave the parties immediately concerned to decide for themselves. We have already, upon several former occasions, said " there can Be no sort ofdoubt as to the desirability of a resident practitioner of the right stamp, but when we speak of desirability,-we have reference to the inhabitants, and not fo the practitioner. Itisa'fearfol thing to be ill and to know there is no one within a day's journey, who can be summoned to our assistance. It is also very sad to hear of deaths occurring under circumstanccs which appear .to. warrant a belief that if the f atient had been properly treated, he might have been spared to nis family and friends. We say nothing now of surgical cases, because, important as some of these are, they are not usually so urgent in their character as acute diseases,, which become unmanageable, if neglected in their earlier stage. But, medical men are not generally in a position to settle down in districts where a conviction that their services are really required, and that they may make themselves very useful, will constitute the principal consideration for the labor and fatigue they will be called upon to undergo. Something more tangible—something that can be more readily converted into a circulating medium is absolutely required, and when we are asked the question " Will the district support a doctor ?' we are obliged to ask onrselves " has it ever supported one.P" Twelve years ago it had Dr. STEPHENSON and Mr. BENJAMIN, both of whom died in poverty, although the income of the latter did not wholly depend upon his profession. It is certain that they were not supported. Then came Doctors CALOV and HUTCHINSON, the latter of whom was soon drowned, thus leaving the field open for some years to the former. Dr. CALOV is now dead, but the state in which he left his affairs, may be taken as conclusive evidence that the district did no great things for him. Then wehadDr. RICHARDS, and next Dr. WETHEBELL, both clever men, but neither of these found the practice sufficient to support his family, and for this reason alone, they both retired. Then there was an old gentleman, whose name we forget, but in about six months lte was starved out and took his departure. Dr. BELLINFANTE now came here, and being both a physician and a barrister, one would have thought the opening was just what he required; but after a short trial, Dr. BELLINFANTE followed in the foot-steps of his illustrious predecessors. A Mr. LOCKE next turned up; but his stay was very short and he has since been followed by a Dr. Cos- TEBTON, who became tired of the district before half the inhabitants knew there was such a person in it. Now, in the face of the fact that all these gentlemen failed, we feel some reluctance in saying to another medical man, " come here and try it." We feel that it is no trifling matter to one who has a large family to support, to remove, perhaps some hundreds of miles, only to find that he might have done better by remaining where he was ; yet it is our conviction that if a sober, able- bodied, discreet practitioner, who had a few hundred pounds in hand, and could therefore afford to wait for a practice, could be induced to settle down on the Manning and give it at least n three years' trial, he would ultimately get a" living in the district; much more than this we do not believe anyone could secure, however clever he might prove himself to be. This is a remarkably healthy region; so that when the practice is laborious, it is so by reason of the length of the journeys rather than the multitude of the patients. Then the people are not rich. A very large majority are quite unable to pay such charges as arc corrtmon in other colonies, and it would be useless for them to attempt to do so. One, therefore, who is able to live where he is, would aet wisely by thinking twice before .he broke up his establishment, with a view to a residence upon the Manning. But if this should meet the eye of a sober man, who does not mind hard work and long journeys, who is doing nothing where he is, and' who would be content with a couple of hundreds a year, he cannot go far astray in giving us a trial. We have already said we want a doctor of the right stamp—one who understands his profession and loves its practicc—and there are people here who will do all they can to assist such a man in getting a start; but so far as we are concerned wc can be no parties to the creation of expectations not likely to be realised, and hence wc state the facts fairly and then leave those who have applied to us for information to deeide for themselves. AN ADVERTISEMENT in another column infqrms us that" POOLE'S Vaudeville Company" may be shortly expected upon the Manning. We observe that our contemporaries speak favorably of the performances of this troupe at Brisbane, Grafton, Kempsey, and elsewhere —a circumstance, which will probably incline the public of this river to welcome their arrival. Such exhibitions are not very frequent on the Manning, but we believe they are very well supported, whenever an opportunity is presented. DURING THE GREATER PORTION of the past week the sky has worn quite a wintery aspect with every appearance of abundant rain—than which nothing is more generally or more earnestly desired. But with the exception of one or two very slight showers, scarcely sufficient to lay the dust, and certainly not enough to penetrate half an inch below the surface of the soil, we have had no rain at Tinonee. We are, however, of opinion that the out-pour must have been greater to the South-cast, from which quarter the wind has been steadily blowing. WE ARE INFORMED that the teachers of the Manning, have invited Mr. DWIER, the Inspector, to dine with them at the Windsor Castle, to-day, and that he has accepted the invitation. 