YE CHRONICLES OF YE ICUSTYMS. CHAPTER VIII. WHICH discoursed! with mighty verity of the matter of D'Aubigi.e. 2 How that from the hand of JavdoubleyoueU and the opulent Farinosity he was smitten with an impecuneous smite, or offered that which in the parlance of Mudholia is yclept the sackque. 3 For 011 a certain day it hapt that a brother in ye daily afflction of ye Kustyms said unto him: 4 Give unto me now thine ear, oh. D'Aubignc, and pray thee at the fifth hour from noon to get into ye beach sentry sty, that is of ye Mudholians likened unto a ticket-box, 6 And take unto thee ye Kustyms double million magnifying kaleidoscope, wherewith they scrutinize the little games of the seabovs, and keep thou my watch for me. 6 And D'Aubigne said: Even so; at the fifth hour, if so be I stick not fast in the mud of Mudholia, whither I go to put my household in order. 7 And at the fifth hour the brother in affliction gat him to wheresoever he listed, and said within^ himself; "Verily,-D'Aubigne will take this my watch as arranged. A But. lo. l)'AuliIgn£, ticing cnruinlwred tviUi ilie mud of MttdLolla, gat blm nol back at (lie •|i|>olDtod lime. 9 And it Mine to pant tint after (bis the Scavengerrloinli Into liU chariot, which lis of the Mudhollnuri likened unto a travelling tinman's wirt, and Rat lilm to the fringe of the briny, and lo! the ticket-box was void. 10 And die Scavenger squoze Ills hulk Into ye lickct-liox. and drew the tandstlkor across his nctlier garment*, and applied it even unto his iiiirgliili, And sniole and said: 11 Revenge is sweet; now is the looked for lime when the star of D'Aubignl approaches I lie influence of the tropics; 12 Behold, did I not sny I would make it hot for him, and, verily, here is now the chance. 13 And as oft heretofore he imagined deceit, and breathed noxious matter into the expanded ear of Jaydoublevouell, and they conspired with the Lord of Farina Hall, and took from D'Aubigne the shekels, yea, even all the shekels that he had. 14 And when lliev had promoted Circletimber, they put over the head of D'Aubigne, Samival, the Mercury of ye Kustyms, yea, even he that swept and garnished the chambers thereof. 15 And when they would not'hearken to the supplication of D'Aubigne to refund his shekels or to promote him in due course for his long services, lie gave up the ghost of ye Kustyms fjtrce, 16 And gat him unto ye Elders of the Laud, yea, even unto Quin-tus Horatius Codes, and spun his yarn. 17 And Qniu-tus Horatius Cocles with a sudden jerk bared the blade of justice of Mudholia iind threw himself midway on the Bridge, where the iniquities of the Kustyms were swarming over, aud said, 18 Stand, O Johnnie Whaler, and answer these things: Behold, oh, brethren, shall these arrogant Fines be allowed. 19 And the Elders said: Nary, we will order Johnnie to re'und them. 20 And Johnnie shuffled the onus on to Jaydoubleyouel 1 , and said: Ye neei not make tho crder, I will refund them alL 21 But, verily, he prevaricated, for he did not. and -unto this' day has not, except the two extorted. . 22 And Qu'ntus Horatius Cocles defended the posi ion, and when he had made an end of doing so, leapt into the ordinary flow of the Phlegethon Ptream of ye Parliamentary debatts and waded -a f hore, but not unscathed withal. 23 And the Chronicler said nought, but, , like unt i Jack's parrot, he thought the more. SI Of (lit fint nutter (bought ho—Truly, I)'Aub<gne, t*toa wort much (o bluno (n negioctfng thy private alligation to Clrdotiinbcr. SI5 But vorfly It had nought to do with (by official oUigatio*. 80 And of the Finos bo (bought—Surely it is but illegal (rash. 27 But ncvertheleu the terrifiod minion* dare not ask for thiir own, lest poradventure tlioy also be brought within the influence of the tropic*. [End of Chapter VIIL] [The following interesting scrap was found in the jack-boot of an unfortunate defunct South Australian, who had been decoyed into leaving Mudholia by gilded prospects anent South African goldfields.] 