THE MTSTEKY OF1 EDWIN 13SOOI3. £Br Ohamjbi Dickers.] o ? .He took a. bunch of keys from his pocket. -singled out by the candle- light the key be wanted, and then, with; a candle in his hand, went to a bureau or escritoire, unlocked it, touched the spring of a little secret drawer a.ud took from it an. ocliuary ring-case made for a single ring. With this in his hand, he returned to his chair. As he held it up for the young man to see, his hand trembled. ' Hr. Kdwin, this rose of diamonds and rubies deli cately eec in gold- was a ring belonging to miss Kosa s mother. It was removed from her dead hand, in my presence, with such distracted grief as I hope it may never be my lot to contemplate again. Hard man as I am, I am not hard enough for that. See how bright these stones shins'!' and yet the eyes that were so much brighter, and that so often looked upon them with a light and a proud heart, have been ashes among ashes, and dust among dust, some years ! If I had any immagination (which it is needless to say I have not), I might imagine that the lasting beauty of these stones was almost cruel.' He closed the case again as he spoke. 'This ring was given to the young lady who was drowsed so early in her beautiful and happy career, by her husbwd, when they n'rst plighted tlioir faith to one another. It was he who removed. it from her unconscious hand, and it was he who. when his death drew very near, placed it in mine. The trust in which I received it, was, that, you and Miss Rosa growing to manhood and womanhood, and your betrothal prospering and coming to maturity I should givo it to you to place upon her finger. Failing those debired results it was to remain in my possession.' Some trouble was in the young man's face, and eome indecision was in the action of his hand, as Mr Grew gious, looking steadfastly Ht him. gave him the ring.' 'Tour placing it on her finger,' said Mr. Grcwgious, ' will be the solemn seal upon your strict fidelity to the living and the dead. You sure going to her, to make the last irrevocable preparations for your marriage. Take it with you.' The young man took the little case, and placed it in his breast. 'If anything should be amiss, if anything should be eves slightly wrong, between you ; if you should have any secret consciousness that you are committing yourself to this step for no higher reason than because you have long been accustomed to look forward to it, -then,' said Mr. Grewgiojs ' I charge you once more, iby thelivinsr and by the dead to bring that ring back to ? to me !' Sere Bazzard awoke Iiiraielf by hU own storing ; and, as is usual in such cases, eat apoplectically ..e taring at vacancy, as defying vacancy to accuse him of having been asleep. ' Bazzird!' said Mr. Growgious, harder than ever. 'X follow you, Bir,' said B -zzard, ' and I have been -IOIlOWUJg you. 'In discharge of a trust, I {have handed Mr. Edwin Drood a ring of diamonds and rubies. You see ?' Ed-win rep oluc d the little cose, and opened it; and.Bazsardlioked into it. ' I follow yon both, sir,' returned Bazard, ' and I witness the transaction.' Evidently anxious to get away and be alone, Edwin Drood, now resumed his outer clothing, muttering .something about time and iippointmcntd. The fog was reported no clearer (hy the flying waiter, who Alighted from a speculative flight in the coffee interest) but he wi.nt out into it ; and Bazzird, after hisjman, ner, 'followed' hi -n. Mr. Grewtious, left alone, walked softly and elowly to and fro, for au hour and more. He was rest ess to night, and seemej dispirited. 'Ihopelhave done right,' he said. 'The appeal to him seemed necessary. It was hard to lose the ring, and yet it must jiave gone from me very toon.' Be closed the empty little drawer with a sigh, and shut and lockid the escritoire, and came back to the solitary fireside. ' Her ring,' ho went on. ''Will it come back to me? My tv'nu hangs about her ring very uneasily to-nigLt, But that is explainable. I hivve hail it so long, and 1 have prized it so raiiph ! I wonder — ' He was in a wondering mood as vui as a rcstles's ; for, though he checked himself at that pofot, and took another walk, he resumed his wondering wh.c.i he sat down again. ' I wonder (for the ten thousandth time, and wi.jt a weak fool I, for what can it signify now !) whether he confided the charge of their orphan child to me, because he knew — Good, God, how like her mother ehe has become ! 'I wonder whether he ever so much as suspected that some one doted on her, at a hopeless, speechless distance, when he struck in and won her. I wonder whether it ever crept into his mind who that unfor tunate tome one was ! 'I wonder whether I shall sleep to-night; At all events, I will shut out the world with the bodcloths, and try.' Mr. Grewgious crossed the staircase to his raw and foggy bedroom, and was Boon ready for bed. Dimly catching sight of his face in the misty looking-glasa, he held his candle to it for a moment. ' A likely some one, you, to come into anybody's thoughts in such an aspect 1' he exckiiaed. ' There, there .' there ! Get to bed, poor man, and cease to jabber V With that ho extinguished his light, pullad up the bedcloths around him, and with another sigh shut out the world. And yet there are such, unexplored roman tic nooks in the unlikeliest men, that even old tinder ous and touch-woody P. J. T, PosBibly Jabbered Thus, at some odd times, in or about seventeen-forty- scven. Chapter Xff.— A Night with Doodles. When Mr. Sapsea has nothiug better to do, towards evening, and finds thu contemplation of his own pro fundity becoming a little monotonous in spite of the vastness of the subject, he often takes an airing in the Cathedral O'ose aod thereabout. He likes to paw the churchyard with a swelling air of proprietorship, and to encourage in his breast a sort of benignant landlord feeling, in that he has been bountiful towards that meritorious tenant, Mrs. Sapsea, and has publicly fiven. her a prize. He likes to see a stray facs or two oolong in through the railings, and perhaps reading his inscription. Should he meet a stranger coming from the churchyard with a quick step, he is morally convinced that the stranger is ' with .1 blush retiring,' as monumentally directed. Mr. Sapsea's importance has received enchance ment, for he has become Mayor of Cloisterhatn. With out mayors and many of them, it cannot be disputed that the whole framework of society— Mr. Sapsea is confident that he invented that forcible figure — w mid fall to pieces. Mayors have been knighted for ' going up' with addresses ; explosive machines intrepidly dis charging shot and shell into the English Grammar. Mr. Sapsea may ' go up' with and address. Rise, Sir Thomas Sapsea ! Of such is the salt of the earth. Mr. Sapsea has improved the acquaintance of Mr. Jasper, since their first meeting to partake of port, epitaph, backgammon, beef, and salad. Mr. Sapsea hu bees, received at the Gate House with kindred hosDitalitv : and on that occasion Mr. Jumer uatpA himself at the piano, and sang to him, tickling his ears —figuratively, long enough to present a considerable area for tickling. What Mr. Sapeea likes in that young man, is, that he is always ready to profit by the wisdom of his elders, and that he is sound, sir, at the eon. In proof of which, he sang to Mr. Sapsea that evening, no kickshaw ditties, favorites with national enemies, but gave him the genuine George the Third home-brewed ; exhorting him (as ' my brave boys') to reduce to a smashed condition all other islands but this island, and all continents, peninsulas, isthmuses, pro moataries, and other geographical formations of land whatsoever, besides sweeping the seas in all directions. In short, he rendered it pretty clear that Providence made a distinct mistake in originating so small a nation of hearts of oak. and so many other verminous peoples Mr. Sapsea, walking slowly this moist evening near the church-yard with his hands behind him, on the look oat for a blushing and retiring stranger, turns a comer, and comes instead into the goodly presence of the Dean, conversing with the Verger and Mr. Jasper. Mr. Sapaea makes his obeisance, and is instantly stricken fur more ecclesiastical than any Archbishop of York, or Canterbury. ' Yon are evidently going to write a book about us, Mr. Jasper,'.quoth the Dean ; ?? to write a book about us. Well! We are very ancient, and we ought to make a good book. We are not so richly endowed in possessions as in ages ; but perhapi you will put that in your book, among other things, and call attention to our wrongs.' Mr. Tope, as in duty bound, is greatly entertained by this. 'I really hive no intention at all, sir,' replies Jasper, 'of turning author, or archseologist. If is but a whim of mine. And even for my whim Mr. Sapsea here is more accountable than I am.' ' ' How so, Mr. Mayor?' says the Dean, with a nod of food-natured recognition of his Fetch. 'How is that, Mr. Mayor?' ' I am not aware,' Mr. Sapsea remarks, looking ?bout him for information, ' to what the Very Kev the Dean does me the honor of referring.' And then falls to studying his original in minute points of detail. 'Cardies,' Mr. Tope hints. ' Ay 1'. the Dean echoes, ' Durdles, Durdles !' ' The truth is, sir' explains Jasper, ' that my curiosity in the man was first really stimulated by Mr. Bapsea.' Mr. Sapsea's knowledge of mankind and power ot drawing ont whatever is recluse or odd'about bun, first led to my bestowing a second thought upon the man ; though of couise I had met him constantly ?bout. You would not be surprised by this Mr Dean, if you had seen Mr. Sapsea deal with him in his own parlour, as I did.' ' ** ''.'5 Sapsea, picking up the ball thrown to him with ineffable complacency and pomposity ? ' yes yes. The Very Eeverend the Dean refers to that ? Yes. I happened to bring Durdles and Mr. Jasper together. I regard Dprdles as a Character.' ' A-ch&sacter;, Mr. Sapsea, that with a few skilful ' touches you turn inside out,' says Jasper. 'Nay, not quite that,' returns the lumbering -?auctioneer. 'I may have a little influence over him, perhaps, and a little insight into his character, per haps. The Very Beverend the Dean wilt please to bear in mind that I have seen the world.' Here Mr. Sapsea.getsa little behind the Dean, to inspect his coat buttons.' ' Well !' says the Dean, looking about him to see -what has become of his copyist : ' I hope, Mr. Mayor, you will use your study and knowledge of Durdles to the good purpose of exhorting him not to break our I worthy and respected Choir-Ma iter's neck ; we cannot afford it ; his head and voice are much too valuable to us.' Bfr. Tope is again highly entertained, and, having fallen into respectful convulsions of laughter, subsides into ^deferential murmur, importing that sorely any gentleman would deem it a pleasure and an honour to have his neck broken, in return for such a compliment from such a source. ' I will take it upon myself, sir,' observes Sapsea, loftily, 'to answer for Mr. Jasper's neck. I will tell Durdles to be careful of it. He will mind what I say. How is it at present endangered !' he inquiries, looking about him with magnificent patronage. 'Only by my making a moonlight expedition with Durdles among the tombs, vaults, towers, and ruins,' returns Jasper. ' Vou remember suggesting when you brought us together, that as a lover of the picturesque it might be worth my while t' ' I remember !' replies the auctioneer. And the, -solemn idiot really believes that he does remember. ; ' Profiting by your hint.' pursues Jasper, ' I have; had some day- rambles with the extraordinary old fellow, and we are to make a moonlight holeaad corner exploration to-night.' ' And here he is,' says ths Dean. Durdles, with his dinner-bundle in his hand, is indeed beheld slouching tewards them. Slouching nearer, and perceiving the Dean, he pulls off his hat, and is slouching away with it under his arm, when Mr. ' Sapsea stops him. ' Mind you take care of my friend,' is the injunction Mr. Sapsealays upon him. ' What friend 0' yours is dead !' asks Durdles. no oraers nas come in tor any inena o yourn. ' I mean my live friend, there.' 'Oh ! Him?' says Durdles. 'He can take care of himself, can Mister Jarsper.' ' . ' But do you take care of him too,' says Sapsea. Whom Durdles (there being command in his tone), surlily surveys from head to foot. 'With submission to his Ueeerenco the Dean, if you'll mind what concerns you, Mr. Sapsea, Durdles he'll mind what concerns him.' 'You're out of temper,' says Mr. Sapsea, winkitag to the company to observe how smoothly he will manage him. *' My friend concerns me, and Mr. Jasperis my friend. And you are my friend.' 'Don't you get into a bad habit of boasting,' retorts Dui-dles, with a grave cautionary nod. 'It'll grow upon you.' ' You are out of temper,' says Sapsea again ; reddening, but again winking to the company. ' I own to it,,' returns Durdles — ' I don't like, liberties.' Mr. Sapeea winks a third wink to the company, as who should say — ' I think you will agree with me,' that I have settled his business ;' and stalks out of the controversy. Durdles then gave the Sean a good evening, and adding, as he puts his hat on :— ' You'll find me at home, Mister Jarsper, as agreed. 1 when you want me. I'm a going ' home to clean myself,' soon slouches out of sight. This going home tn clean himself is one of the man's incomprehensible compromises with inexorable facts ; he, and his hat, and his boots, and his clothes, never showing any trace of cleaning, bat being uniformly in one condition of dust and grit. The lamplighter now dotting the -quiet Close with specks of light, and runuing at a great rate up and down his little ladder with that object — his little ladder under the sacred shadow of whose inconvenience geue rations had grown up, and whicU all Cloisterhain would have stood aghast at the idea of abolishing — the Dean withdraws to his dinner, Mr. Tope to his tea, and Mr. Jasper to his piano. There, with no light but that of the fire, he sits chanting choir-music in a low and beautiful voice, for two or three hours in short, until it lias been for some time dork, and the moon is about to rise. Then, he closes his piano softly, softly changes his coat for a pea-jacket with a goodly wicker-cased bottle iu its largest pocket, and putting on a low-crowned flap-brimmed hat, goes softly out. Why does he move bC softly to-night? No outward reason ? is nppai^nt for it. Can there be any sympathetic reason crouching darkly within him ? Repairing to Purdles's unfinished house, or hole in the city wall, and seeing a light within it, he softly picks his course among the gravestones, monuments, and stony lumber of the yard, already touched here and there, sidewise, by the rising moon. The two journeymen have left their two great saws sticking id their blocks of stone ; and, two skeleton journey men out of the Dance of Death might be grinning in the shadow of their sheltering sentry- boxes, about to slash away at cutting out the gravestones of the next two people destined to die in Oloisterham. Likely enough, the two think little of that now, being alive, and perhaps merry. Curious, to make a guess at the two ;— or say at one of the two ! ' Ho ! Durdles !r- The light moves, and he appears with, it at the door. He would seem to have been ' cleaning himself' with the aid of a bottle, jug, and tumbler ; for no other cleansing instruments are visible in the bare brick room with rafters overhead and no plastered ceiling, into which he shows his visitor. ' Are you ready ?'' ' I am ready, Mister Jarsper. Let the old uns come out if they dare, when we go among their tombs. My spirits is ready for 'em.' ' Do you mean animal spirits, or ardent ?' 'The one's the t'other,' answers Durdles, 'and I mean 'em both.' He takes a lantern from a hook, puts a match or two in his pocket wherewith to light it, should there be need, and they go oat together, dinner-bundle and all. Surely an unaccountable sort of expedition ! That Bardies himself, who is always prowling among old graves end ruins, like a Ghoule — that he should be stealing forth to climb and dive, and wander without an object, is nothing extraordinary ; but that the Choir Master or any one else should hold it worth his while to be with him, and to study moonlight effects in such company, is another affair. Surely an unaccount able sort of expedition therefore 1 ' Ware that there mound by the yard-gate, Mister Jarsper.' 'I see it. What is it f ' Lime.' Mr. Jasper stops, and waits for him to c»me up, for he lags behind. ' What you call quick-lime ?' ' Ay !' says Durdles ; ' quick enough to eat your boots. With a little handy stirring, quick enough to eat your bones.' They go on, presently passing the red windows of the Travellers' Twopenny, and emerging into the clear moonlight of the Monks Vineyard. This crossed, they come to Minor Canon Corner ; of which the greater put lies in shadow until the moon Bhall rise higher in the sky. The sound of a dosing honse-door strikes their ears, and two men come out. These are Mr. Orisparkle and Neville. Jasper, with a strange and sudden smile, upon his face, lays the palm of his hand upon the breast of Durdles, stoppiog him where he stands. At that end of Minor Canon Corner the shadow is profound in the existing state of the light ; at that end, too, there is a piece of old dwarf wall, breast high, the only remaining boundary of what was once a garden, but is now the thoroughfare. Jasper and Durdles would have turned this wall in another instant ; but, stopping so short, stand behind it. ' Those two are only sauntering,' Jasper whispers ; ' they will go out into the moonlight soon. Let us keep quiet here, or they will detain us, or want to join us, or what not' Durdles nods assent, and falls to munching some fragments from his bundle. Jasper folds his arms upon the top of the wall, and, with his chin resting on them, watches. He takes no note whatever of the Minor Canon, but watches Neville, as though his eyes were at the trigger of a loaded rifle, and he had covered him, and were gomg to fire. A sense of destructive power is so expressed in his face, that even Durdles pauses in his munching, and looks at him, with an unmunched something in bis cheek. Meanwhile Mr. Crisparkle and Neville walk to and fro, quietly talking together. What they say, cannot be heard consecutively ; but Mr. Jasper has already distinguished his own name more than once. ' This is the first day of the week,' Mr. Crisparkle can be distinctly heard to observe, as they turn back ? ' and the last day of the week is Christmas Eve ' ' ' You may be certain of me, sir.' The echoes were favorable at those points, but as the two approach, the sound of their talking becomes con fused again. The word ' confidence,' shattered by the echoes, but still capable of being pieced together is uttered by Mr. Crisparkle. As they draw still nearer this fragment of a reply is heard : 'Not deserved yet,' but shall be, sir.' As they turn away again, Jasper sgain hears his own name, in connexion with the words from Mr. Crisparkle: 'Remember that I said I answered for you confidently.' Then the sound of their talk becomes confused again ; they halting for a little while, and some earnest action on the part of Neville succeeding. When they move once more Mr. Crisparkle is seen to look at the sky, andBto point before him, They then slowly disappear; pissioa OAt into the moonlight at the opposite end of the Corner.. It u not until they are gone, that Mr. Jasper moves. But then he turns to Durdles, and bursts into a fit of laughter. Curdles, whe still has that suspended something in his cheek, and who sees nothing to laighat, stares at him nntil Mr. Jasper lays his face down on hu|irmsto have his laugh out. Then Dur dles bolts the something, as if desperately resigning himself to indigestion. Amrag those secluded nooks there is |very little ftir or movement after dirk. Th.re is little enough in the high-tide of the day, but there is next to none at nigbt. Besides that the che Jrf ully frequented Huh-stre-t lies nearly parallel to the a.iot (th« old Cathedral4 rising between he two), and is the nfttn al channel in which the Cloisterham traffic flows, a, cer tain awful sash parades the ancient pile, the cloisti rj, and the church-yard, after dark, which |not many people care,ts encounter. As't t e fiist hundred citi zens of Oloisterham, met at random in the streets at noon, if they believed in ghosts, they would tell yon no; but put them to choose at night between there eerie Precincts and the thoroughfare of shops, and you will find that ninety-nine declared for the longer round and the more frequented way. The cause of this is not to be found in any local superstition that at taches to the Precincts — albeit a mysterious lady, with a child in her arms and a rope dangling from her neck, has been snea flitting abont there by sundry witnesses as intangible as _ her self — but it is to be sought in the innate shrinking of dust with the breath of life in it, from dust out of wfcich the breath of life has passed. Hence, when Mr. Jasper and Durdles pause to glance around them, before descending into the crypt by a amall side door of which the latter has a key, the whole expanse of moonlight in their view is utterly deserted. One might fancy that the tide of life was stemmed by Mr. Jasper's own Gatehouse. The murmur of the tide is heard beyond ; but no wave passes the archway, over which his lamp burns red behind his curtain, as if the buildinj were a lighthouse. They enter, locking themselves in, descended the ragged steps, and are dowa in the Crypt. The lantern is sot wanted, for the moonlight strikes in at the groined windows, bare of glass, the broken frames for which cast patterns on the ground. The heavy pillars which support the roof engender the masses of black shade, but between them there are lanes of light. Up and down these lanes, they walk, Durdles discoursing of the ' old uns' he yet counts on disinterring, and slapping a wall, in which he considers 'a whole family en 'em' to be stoned and earthed up, just as if he were a familiar friend of the family. The taciturnity of Durdles is for the time overcome by Mr. Jasper's wicker bottle, which circulates freely ; — in the sense, that is to say, that its contents enter freely into Mr. Durdle'6 circulation, while Mr. Jasper only rinses his mouth once, and casts forth the rinsing. Tfaoy are to ascend the great Tower. On the steps by which they rise to the Cathedral, Durdles pauses for new store of breath. The steps are very dark, but out of the darkness they can Bee the lanes of light they have traversed. Durdles seat* himself upon a step. Mr. Jasper Beats himself upon another. The odour from the wicker bottle (which has somehow passed into Durdle's keeping), soon intimates that the cork has been taken out ; but this is not ascertainable, through the sense of sight, since neither can descry thejother. And yet, in talking, they turn to one another as though their faces could commune together. 'This is good stuff Mr. Jasper ! ' 'It is very good stuff, I hope. I bought it on. purpose.' ' They don't show, you Bee, the old uns don't Mister Jarsper !'' ' It would be a moro confused world than it is, if they could.' ' Well, it would lead towards a mixing of things,' Durdles acquiesces : pausing on die remark, as if the idea of ghosts had not previously presented itself to him in a merely inconvenient light, domestically or chronologically. 'But do you think there may be ghosts of other things, though not of men and women ? ' 'What things? Flower-beds and watering-pots? Hearses and harness ?' 'No. Sounds-' 'What sounds?' ' Cries.' ' What cries do you mean ? Chairs to mend !' ' No. I mean screeches. Now, I'll tell you, Mister Jarsper. Wait a bit till I put the bottie right.' Here the cork is evidently taken out again, and replaced again. ' There ! Now it's right ! This time last year, only a few days later, I happened to have been doing what was correct by the season, in the way of giving it the welcome it had a right to expect, when them town-boys set on me at their worst. . At length I gave 'em the slip, and turned in here. And here I fell asleep. And what woke me? The ghost of a cry The ghost of sine terrific shriek, which shriek was followed by the ghost of the howl of a dog : a long iismri! woeful howl, such as a dog gives when a person's lead. That was my last Christmast Eve.' ' What do you mean ?' is the very abrupt, and, one might say, fierce retort. ' I mean that I made inquiries everywhere about ana toat no living ears but mine heard either that cry or that howl. So I say they was bath ghosts ; though why they cms to me, I've never made out.' 'I thought you were another kind of man,' says Jasper, scornfully. ' So I thought, myself,' answers Durdles with his usual composure ; 'and yet I was picked out for it.' Jasper had risen suddenly, when, he asked him what be imeant, and he now says, ' Come ; we shall freeze here ; lead the way.' Durdles complies, not over-stendily ; opens the'docr at the top of the steps with the key he has already used ; and so emerges on the Cathedral level,\\.in a passage at the side of the chancel. Here, the moon light is so very bright again that the colours of the nearest stained-glass window are thrown upon their faces. The appearanoe of the unconscious Curdles, ioldingthe door open for hit companion to follow,' as if from the grave, iB ghastly enough, with a purple bind across hU face, and 6. yellow splash upon his brow ; but he bears the close scrutinty of his com panion in au insensible way, although it ie prolonged while the latter fumbles among his pockets for a key confided to him that will open an iron gate so as to enable them to pass to the staircase of the great tower. 'That and the bottle are enough for you to carry,' he 'ays, giciDg it to Durdles; 'hand your bundle to me, I vin younger, and longer- winded than you.' Durdles hesitates for a moment between bundle and bottle : but gives the preference to the bottle as being by far the better company, and consigns the dry weight to his fellow-explorer. Then they go up the winding staircase of the great tower, toilsomely, turning and turning, and lowering their heads to avoid the stairs above, or the rough stone pivot around which they twist. Durdles has lighted his lantern, by drawing from the cold hard wall a spark of that mysterious fire which lurks in everything, and, guided by this speck, they«lamber up among the cobwebs and the dust. Their way lies through strange places. Twice or thrice they emerge into level low-arched galleries, whence they can look down into the moonlit nave; and where Durdles, waving his lantern, showsthedim angels' heads upon the corbels of the roof, seeming to watch their pro gress. Anon, they turn into narrower and steeper Btaircases, and the night air begins to blow upon them and the chirp of some startled jackdaw or frightened rook precedes the heavy beating of wings in a confined space, and the beating down of dust and straws upon their heads. At last, leaving their light behind a Btair— f or it blows fresh up here— they look down on CloUterham, fair to see in the moonlight ; its ruined habitations and sanctuaries of the dead, at the tower's base ; its moss-softened red-tiled roofs and red-brick houses of the living, clustered beyond: its river windiug down from the mist on the horizon, as though that were its source, and already heaving withe, restless knowledge of its approach towards the sea. Once again, an unaccountable expedition this ! Jasper (always moving softly with no risible reason) contemplates the scene, and especially that stillest part of it which the Cathedral overshadows. But he contemplates Dnrdles quite as curiously, and Durdlos is by times conscious of his watchful eyes. Only by times, because Durdles is growing drowsy. As aeronauts lighten the load they carry, when they wish to rise, similarly Durdles has lightened the wicker bottle in coming up. Snatches of sleep sur prises him on his legs, and stop him in hi* talk. A mild fit of calenture seizes him, in which he deems that the ground, so far below, is on a level with the tower, and would as lief walk off the tower into the air as not. Such is his state when they begin to come down. And as aeronauts make themselves heavier when they wish to descend,- similarly Durdles charges himself with more liquid from the wicker bottle,' that he may come down the better. The iron gate attained and looked— but not before Dardles has tumbled twice, and out an eyebrow open — they descend into the crypt sgain, with the intent of issuing forth as they entered. But, while returning among those lanes of light, Durdles becomes so very uncertain, both of foot and speech, that he half drops, half throws himself down, by one of the heavy pillars, scarcely less heavy than itself, and indistinctly appeals to his companion for forty winks of a second each. ' If you will have it so, or must have it so,' replies Jasper, ' I'll not leave you here. Take them, while I walk to and fro.' Durdles is asleep at once ; and in his sleep he dreams adreun. It is not much of a dream, considering the vast extantof the domains of dreamland, and their wonder ful productions; it ib only remarkable for being unusually restless, and unusually real He dreams of lying there asleep, and yet counting bis companion's footsteps as he walks to and fro. He dreams that the footsteps die away into distance of time and of space, and that something touohes him, and that something falls from his hand. Then something clinks and gropes about, and he dreams that he is alone for so long a time, that the lanes of light take new directions as the moon advances in her course. From succeeding unoon aciousness, he passes into a dream of slow uneasiness from cold ; and painfully awakes to a perception of the lanes of light — really changed, much as he had dreamed — and Jasper walking among them beating his hands and feet. ' Holloa 1' Durdles cries out, unmeaningly alarmed. ' Awake at last i' says Jasper, coming up to him. 'Do yon know that your sortie* have stretched int* thousands V 'No.' 'They have though.' 'What's the timer1 'Hark!' The bells are going in the Tower 1' They strike four quarters, and then the great bell ?trilcM. ' Two !' cries . Durdles, scrambling np ; ' why didn't you try to wake me, Mister Jarsper ?' ' I did. I might as well have tried to wake the dead— your own family of dead, np in the corner there.' 'Did you touch m« T' '. 'Touohyou? Yes, Shook you.' As Dardles recalls that touching something in his dream, he looks down on the pavement, and sees the key of the crypt door lying dose to where he himself lay. ' I dropped you, did I V he aays, picking it up, and recalling that part of his dream. As he gathers him, self again into au upright position, or into a position as nearly upright as heev«r maintains, he is again conscious of being watched by his companion. ' WeU,'says Jasper smiling. ' Are you quite ready? Pray don't hurry.' 'Let me get my handle right, Mister Jarsper, and I'm with you.' As he ties it afresh, he is once more conscious that he is very narrowly observed. ' What do yon suspect me of, Mister Jarsper ?' he asks, with drunken displeasure. 'Let them as has any suspicions of Durdles, name 'em.' ' I've no suspicions of yeu, my good Mr. Durdles ; but I have suspicions that my bottle was filled with something stiffer than either of us supposed. '' And I also have suspicions,' Jarsper adds, taking it from the pavement and turning it bottom upward, that it's empty.' Dardles condescends to laugh at this. Continuing to chuckle when his laugh is over, as though remon strant with himself on his drinking powers, he rolls to the door and unlocks it. They both pass out, and Durdles relocks it, and pockets his key. A thousand thanks for a curious and interesting night,' says Jasper, giving him his hand: 'you can make your own way home.' ' I should think so!' answered Durdles. 'If you was to offer Durdles the affront to shsw him his way home, he wouldn't go home.' Durdles wouldn't go home till morning, And then Durdles wouldn't go home, Durdles wouldn't. This, with the utmost defiance, ' Good night, then.1' 'Good night, Mister Jarsper.' Each is turning his own way, when a sharp whistle rends the silence, and the jargon is yelped out — Widdy wlddywen! I— ket— ches— Im— out— ar— ter — ten. Widdy wlddy wy I Then— E— don't— go— then— I— shy— Widdy Widdy Wakc-cocfc warning. Instantly afterwards, a rapid fire ot stone rattles at the Cathedral wall, and the hideous small boy is beheld opposite, dancing in the moonlight. 'What; is that baby-devil on the watch there !' cries Jasper in a fury : so quickly roused, and so violent, that he seems an older devil himself. ' I shall shed the blood of that Impish wretch ; I know I Bhall do it !' Regardless of the fire, though it hits him more than once, he rushes at Deputy, collars him, and tries to bring him across. But Deputy is not to be so easily brought across. With a diabolical jn sight into the strongest part of his position, he is no sooner taken by the thioit than he curls -up his legs, forces his assailant to hang him, as it were, and gurgles in his throat, and screws his body, and twists, as already undergoing the first agonies of strangulation. There is nothing for it but to drop him. He instantly gets himself together, backs over to Durdles, and cries to his assailant, gnashing the great gap in front of his mouth with rage and malice. ' I'll blind yer, s'elp me ! I'll stone yer eyes ont, s'elp me ! If I don't have yer eyesight, bellows me I' At the same dpdging behind Durdles, and snarling at Jasper, now from thiB side of him, and now from that ; prepared, if pounced upon, to dart away in all manner' of curvilinear directions, and, if run down after all, to grovel in the dust, and cry : ' Now, hit me when I'm down; Doit?' ' Don't hurt tho boy, Mister Jarsper,' urges Durdles, shielding him. ' Recollect yourself.' ' He followed us to-night, when we first came here.' ' Yer lie, I didn't !' replies Deputy, in his one form of polite contradiction. ' Hehaa been prowling near us ever since !' _ ' Yer lie, I haven't,' returns Deputy. ' I'd only J is t come out for my 'elth when I see .you two a coming out of the Kinfreederel If— ' ' I— ket— ches — Im — out —ar— ter— ten (with the usual rhythm and dance, , though dodging behind Durdles), ' it ain't my fault, is it?' Take him home, then,' retorts Jasper, ferociously, though with a strong check upon himself, ' and let my eyes be rid of the sight of you.' Deputy, with another sharp whistle, at once express ing his relief, and his commencement of a milder ston ing of Mr. Durdles, begins stoning that respeotable gentleman home, as if were a reluctant ox. Mr. Jasper goes to]his Gate-house, brooding. And thus, as every thing comes to an end, the unaccountable expedition comes to an end— for the time. [tO BE CONTINUED.] 