CHURCH OF ENGLAND ASSEMBLY. The seBBion of the Church of England Assembly commenced on the 4th October, in the supper room, at the Town Hall, a large number of members attending. His Lordship the Bishop presided, and introduced the business with an address, as is customary. He referred to consequences which followed the abolition of the state grant for religion. Considerable distress had resulted among the clergy, through the reduction of their stipends, and it was found that the churches which had received the largeBt grants were the most backward in making up the defi ciency by increased voluntary offerings. The incomes of such clergymen as had wives and families became wholly inadequate. The council of the diocese gave the matter anxious consideration, but they found themselves unable to spare any fund. The clergy could only depend on the grace of God, whereby those who were taught were led to communicate to those who taugbt in all good things. The fees to readers had been reduced from £50 to £40 per annum. At Trinity College, the provost's lodge was now completed, and it only remained to furnish the building. He regretted that there was a lack of funds for thiB work, and money had to be borrowed to the extent of £1500. In order to put an end to the anomaly of having canons of a -cathedral with out any cathedral, the canons of the pro posed oathedral had been appointed canons of St. James's Cathedral. It was probable that a debate would arise during the session on the proposal for using churches, under certain conditions, for other purposes than worship according to the forms of the Church of England. This proposal would be made in the course of the session, and, for his own part, he supported it, as he had stated at the close of the last session. One urgent matter to which he desired to allude was the necessity of making some provision for the appointment of a successor to himself, in the event of his removal by death or otherwise; and he trusted the assembly would not separate without placing the power of selection in some hands. Ic was not probable that her Majesty would ever exercise her prerogative in the appointment of another bishop for Australia. The expenses of the registrar's office had been referred to in certain quarters as Misceptible of curtailment, bun he did not think it possible to the work done for less than the amount at pi esent paid, £1600 a year. The attempt to do it any cheaper would utterly fail. (Applause.) lie could not, during the life of the present registrar, consent to do that gentleman the injustice of reducing his share of the £1600, or at all impairing the security of the income he had enjoyed for sevente.-n years past. Mr. A'Beckett gave up a good practice as a solicitor to take the office. The assembly, in his opinion, was precluded from making any proposal which would seriously affect Mr. A'Beckett, who had given his entire attention to the office on the consideration that he received the whole of the fees. Neither ought the deputy-registrar to be reduced, for ii must be borne" in mind that he received very little more salary than he did as a merchant's clerk seventeen years ago, when he too entered the service ot the church. The reduction of marriage fees was a proposition in some way connected with that for economising at the registrar's office, inasmuch as two-thirds of the' fees went to that office. The marriage fees had been reduced last session, anditwouldnotbewise toreducethem further. Some people thought there would be more marriages under the auspices of the church in consequence of a further reduction, but he doubted it. He was aware that; ministers of other denominations received the entire marriage fee; but the clergy of the Church of England suffered no injustice, because the practice of taking off two- thirds was the ancient one in England, and be found it existing in the diocese when he first arrived. He knew that many clergymen, whose income? barely sufficed for the support of their families, objected to the deduction, but he did not bee how the money could be spared out of the registrar's office. Iu drawing to a close, his lordship alluded to the necessity of a greater supervision being exercised over both the religious and secular instruction given in tho common schools of the church, and he hoped that something would be done in this matter during the present session. A considerable amount of business was transacted, and some of it was of an important character. The consideration of the mode of electing a successor to the see was particularly so. The motions of Mr. Morris that the chapter of the proposed new cathedral should select the bishop, of the Rev. C. S. Isaacson that the assembly, and of the Rev. C. T. Perks that the council of the diocese Bhould select the bishop, were withdrawn after some discussion. Eventually a proposition by Mr. Morris was agreed to, to the effect that a board of selection, consisting of six cle? gymen and six laymen, members of the assembly, should be appointed at once, and again at the commencement of every session, to whom should be given power to nominate three clergymen for the office of biBhop to the assembly, who Bhould elect one of them by ballot. In the event of an equality of votes, the board to nominate three wthers. The board would be empowered to choose clergymen of the Church of England from any part of the world. Another important question discussed at the Church Assembly had reference to the interchange of pulpits between ministers of different denomination^. This question was brought forward by means of a clause which was introduced into the Trustees and Vestries Bill This provided that the Bishop might, with the consent of the incumbent and veBtry of any parish, allow the church of that parish to be used for other purposes than divine worship according to the forms of the Church of England. The Rev. H. H. P. Handfield moved an amendment to the effect that the churches should, under no circumstances, be used for any other purpose than divine worship. He meant to restrict the discretion of the bishop, the incumbent, and the veBtry, to this. He further moved that the divine worship should be according to the faith in God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The Rev. John Potter viewed the proposal with fear, as to the probable effects of introducing such an innovation. At the same time, he wished to say that he always regarded clergymen of other Christian denominations as fellow laborers. He believed that a proposal was to be brought forward for limiting the operation of the clause to the Presbyterian denomination; but it seemed to him that, if a relaxation were determined on at all, preference should be given to the Wesleyan denomination. They were kindred, in a manner, and stood in the position of children to a parent, although, so to speak, degraded by expulsion. Mr. Justice Molesworth considered that the whole state of things in this colony, in the matter of church building, was most surprising. While all the churches complained of impecuniosity, each must have its separate building, to be UBed only for four hours every Sunday. He could not understand what pollution a church suffered by the allowance of a Presbyterian, Wesleyan, or other form of service in it. Ho wondered how the members of the Church Assembly who opposed the proposal now brought forward, consented to hold their meeting in the supper-room of the town hall, a place used for all sorts of purposes. Mr. Handfield's amendment was open to a very serious objection. Its aim seemed to be the exclusion of Unitarians, but in making such a restriction on the left hand, the necessity for any on the right was wholly overlooked. Unitarians were to be excluded, but Mr. Handfield's amendment would not prevent the granting of the church to members of the Roman Catholic persuasion. (Hear,hear, and laughter). The Dean of Melbourne moved, as a further amendment, that the bishop, incumbent, and vestry should only be allowed to grant the use of the church to the Preshj teriau denomination. The reason he made the exception was because the Presbyterian body had a Confession of Faith. The Bishop supported the clause as originally proposed. Rev. R. Potter and Rev. Mr. Fulford thought there was no necessity for altering the law. Dr. Boake did not like 10 see any alteration made, but, if it were determined ,on, the dean's proposal should be accepted. The Presbyterian Confession of Faith was identical, on all important points, with, the tenets of the Church of England ; but Wesleyans held some dangerous doctrines—for instance, that of perfectibility. Mr. G. W. Rusdeu opposed the allowance, under any circumstances, of other denominations to worship in consecrated edifices of the Church of England. If the thing was to be done, the simple way of doiug it would be by leaving all the churches unconsecrated. The clause, as originally proposed, was carried by 38 to 18 ; there being 20 of the clergy in the majority, and 10 in the minority.' The session was brought to a conclusion on 17 t li Oct. fhe Bishop, bet ore proroguing the assembly, delivered a short address. He complimented the members upon the manner in which they had conducted the business, and defended the clergy from a charge of preaching rather than arguiiig infhedebateeV He reviewed tbe'bu6ihe88 : 'dobe durmjg session, and expressed'bis graiiiicatityg at the mode of electing Imb pucceBiSpr 'haying jbeepi las-t decided upon. ~He"denie<^ Saving any intention of resigning the Ve.e—a gtatfemfeat which was received wi£hl loud applause. He acknowledged that the work of the diocese was becoming almost too heavy for him to transact, and hoped that arrangements for dividing the see would shortly be made. In conclusion, he referred to the mode in which money was sometimes raised for church purposes. Complaints had been made respecting it, and in some instances he believed justly. He intended at the next session to induce some member to bring forward a resolution as to the limits within which the clergy and lay officers of a church might devisu ujethods of raising money. That would give an opportunity to the assembly to express an opinion on the point. 