m . \Y A i - If. S .. - A X D , - S.T-Jl A ; Y( S. . By AirrniiYOtm j " A Snappcr-un of IfnconAdere.d Trtflcn. Do yon know if it bo possible lo ilud.ik mun who cnu claim tho JJ500 rnwanl offbrod b.V j the Aiili- poking-yoiir-iioso-into-othcr-pcodlcVliiieiiioas." Society for tlio porson.who 'can mind his own husincss nud jet other pcoplo a nlono?.. I-know. Ido11.fc slaiiil a ghost of ' ft ohnnco m vsolf ; ' but it has struck mo Mint among you Dalby folks >imo,mght'ho'>mmo quiet \- Bind who migbt.olidm thb. priz(i, and tho Diinmbw Jliluh,of- bacon, ab i tho sama tiiuu. i Talking of the Diinniow llitoh of Imooii'fgivuii'lo tho honcsb>mnmud couplo wlio-lmvo ndb-disagromUforrttvulvo inontliH) reininds ino oL tho-timuVwhuu t had 'tho honor of officiating for: my .thou dear friontl, Air. Ifarris'on Ainswo'rtli, und should havo: given'; tlio s fab (litcli to u worthy Darby and Jpun who olniin6iHb,.aiul provo(l ' to our satisfaction that tlicv had kepb'tho tonus of Mm exhibition; all Ml one day;' "T6"bo"jiiBb,"ns"woll us gcnorpusV'iL.wasdeoiilud to npportlnu tlio prize that dftv,.and"to dolivor it|.hc iwtL ; Tlio jollypai'r walked 'lovingly into.Grits, tlnimiiller's storo (ho was clinndlor as w«U as- miller) and (hasted Mmiroycs on the greasy ludos'of -hogsilbsh,- until they woro puzzled which to ohooso j 'oml rthoy ended -by" disagreeing iibout,tho'innttor, :Miu9Llosiiig"Micir bacon !' I am afraid that somo such little slip would liuppmi should uaiuiidutos' for tho B500 prize- bo :cftiiviuwod'for in Dalby. . Thut'tho Dnlbyiles nro >'cnpitnlt< liitnils at ' buHinossi'ind cati oiit- herdd 'Herod -at soiiio<'thitigfl. ' cspuuially at atrow-Bplilting and ncodlp- polnting, I have found to my coat i ybt, wlion itcpuicM to luavlng ntlicr pooplo's. buflinoaa aloho,T fiiar tlio: Didbyitos niiistjoin'iasuo with- Autolyous; and:pwn tho soft im- poaelimoiittliafc thoyr 'can't do.iti Tnnj led to this dlgrcaaioh from my own : busihcBs, Inbcoii'sbqucnco of reading in tho papers, I forgot wliiah, that Aulolyeiw lia«i liad a row 'with tho 'august l>oUep,Miigistntto of Dulby.'-' Here's- famel"'I'oyolnhno(l.'-,(I wns'silling hi tlio olub-rooni'utDrisbAue.wiih ' my frioinl ltatty, and a gontlomnn'iof .tho; cloth, Mr. LillJo, to .'whora I ,rw| bconrlntoiyiinlroduccd.by ItiiUv 111 rcturn'-fiir tbo kind offices I liiid dono lum at M10 election.) -V .What's famo ?" ejaculated Lillip.." Hero!" 1 rejoined, point- iug out tho nrLiclo.; ' I know I was as good' a man as eithor of you j but thorp's proof that J am your supo- rinr. Down; down.'ahd worship tho iiow Divinity 1 I'm omnipresdnt, ns- wulKua onihipotenli ;and'ilmtT am omn'iacionjirnobd hob tell you" 'Bub thoy cbuldii't tco ifc/fthy-moro thaW tho Dalby hioii siiw Aiitolyciis fighting with' tholP.M.'V' ' ; ' -' ; . Bui to return to do subjick. \t , 1 In my ; last' I told ybu thut wo .had' caiyiccl our election, anchtliat T would gW'o ydil tlio partibulara' in my next. But ovonU crowd'so quiokly upon' mo that iieforo I can jot down the present ocnurronco.i circutn- stancoa forco Miom from their .throno, mid thoy nro uumhored :with-;tho, past. I /flhall, tlierofore, ;.suin- nmriso tho iuuidonta of tlic olpcbion, and press onwards with tho. lido bf affairs which is joadjng-Autolycusito fortuno. WhoLhor good or :bad. fortune. I can-fc guess atpresonfc. Upon arriving pot- hasto in .Queon-atrcot (ho first Miing I:did was tpwknock' against'- somebody, who simultaneously, did tho same lo mo. - Attraction and repulsion aro cogn'ato sciences' and; as wo as'simul- tancoualy rebounded, I blurtod oiit 1 " What tho -1—: Oh ! Rutty my bby, how are you ?" " Go to h—1— 1 ;; Ah ! Aulyj is that you ? The very fellow I wanted, replied Batty. Arm-in-arm wo wont to tho snug hostelry, -so long-famous ns tho slirlno where the rosy God is- worshipped by nristocrnts: such' as we,1 apart, from tho dompemts/ whom .wo protend to lovo when it. suits our pitfposo,'nnd: curse, iis'-houhds, when it suits our purposo hotter."' " Well, liow-'aro, -yoii? Where did you com© fVoui?; When dicl you arrivo.?" Wo rapidly oxclmiiged theae courtesies, as'common. people say, "How d'ye do," without slopping to enro' a rush - about tho " matter, or oven expecting a reply. - Tho noedfiil docantor being Biippliod, wo sooti got our' hrcat-h andour intellect sharpened, and sob to business. "Ah! good stuff Mint," siiul I.; Q.uuimsland !" — (intcrrogatoly) -r1- " Queensland 1" , evicted Ratty s "Queonsland.willnevor make buoIi slitlfus that— anv »uoro than'slio will 'produce a lawyer liko me.' "II— i-hem!" " What's that?" " 01) ! nothing ; M10 stuff's rntlior strong," and I coughed again : bub whothor at tho brandy, or my friend's modcstvT leavo you to judge. "How about tlio elect ion," unui I; as, to covor my blushes of confusion I dipped liiy nose into tho glass. "Oh! it's safe enough Lillio and I, and you (aiul ho looked at his glass — but of course I took tho compliment myself) .will nianago that easily. Why, man I I havo 'only, to provoker swear (it's all. tho snmo thing to tho Brisbanites), that- black's white, and whito's no color at all, and thoy'll encoro ihojto t ho echo, that shall applaud again. You see if thoy don't. Aud suro oiiough t-hoy did": but, of coiirso, you know !thnb already. Lillio and Autolycus :did their share of tho business ; hut.L// Cmaraul nultus you know, and Batty wiis Otesar how \"1reiii, ridi, r.ici! is hob out of print vot and' tho Biim-uns of Brisbano will not yield to tho Bpihmis of Julius timo in their homago to hudacity, bombast, chicanery, duplicity', and egotism. ' "1 - ; Aftor tho oloutiou, . tlio trlumplmnb trio mado a night of it, as you. nin, well suppose. During our conviviality your Ihimblcsbrviint becamo hand-in-glovo with his now friand, the Lillio of tho : Yailey V and .. wbon our- mutual' proclivities woro ' mutually under stood, wo got nlong togeLhcr. gloriously. Tho puro Lillio found-out — bub that wasn't till aftor tho fourth gloss-r-Miufc. lio- know thabdio : had -scoii Autolycus somowhoro ; and Autolycus said it wsi"vory probable, for lie, was thoro whon -wnntod ! Then tho'tloworof tho fioldT- wngged. its blooming hoiul ' amV liintod, oraclo-liko, - that- if somebody - olso -'.only - know- what . somebody olso did, they oould do just as thoy liked — that thoy oould.. To which Autolyous nodded sympa- thetioally, and said— -of course. vThon wo. looked at each other 1 enid-nothing Hookod ngaln- shook nnd nodded l our. hoadsj. again j tlionLHliprik .hands. ; and finally vowod that como what' woitlfi ,wo' wouidn't part that night.. But wo. did, soraohow 5 (and I can't for tho lifo of ino reeolloct whoii or how,-- I know I thought wo — that is, Lillio uml 1 1— had a long confab about education.! ltatty only ojneulatod; " Bosh!" when wo warmed up 'to our subject in1 overy shape aud form, and' roused him'from his' nap— that we camo to tho conclusiou that od-od-u-cii-ciiMoh was bot-torish ' good, bot-tor than luo! I1I0! houses or lands ; and that we- dotormiucd to give alt tho poor poopl<rcducation— froo7grotlBrAiidforiiothingrif thoyld .oiily pay -Mid ad valorem duties without growling, nnd that ' tlio ' rich should -bo troatod toa __bumpor.of liko bonovolonco — if wo oould only got tho monoy todo it with— upon liko 'principles of equality and fratornity..«T could hardly sue clearly how there 'wasoquality in paying £1000 to oducnlo fifty rich men's children, and £ LOO to odueuto filly poor men's cliittlren : bdt. my head' wns a Iililo muddled I own— and, na Lillcy said, I should bo oble to boo thoeqiiulRy of the thing ns alenriy as ho-did— I bowed submis sively. Tlioif l'thought— nnd I think so still — I told -my dear 'friend about my exploits in , M10 far woBfc. Upon -whiohiio soizod.my.jumd again, and vowod Mint he'd soon clmngo tho'nspcbt of allhirs in -the wost, so far ns travelling was couoorned. " I'll soon havo rail ways atl.ovcr M10 country," saiil ho " I'll Jinvo tho railway, to Brisbanoi and l'll.hnvo a .railway tq. Ooopor's Crook : ami I'll havo- another Htic from Wcstwond to tlio Dawson nnd the l'ouk Downs, with a bniti(ih,J:o conuout tho Cooper's Creek I'mo 5 and I'll liavo ano'tlior line from Bowon to'Batnvia, with sub- aqnoous tiiuuoU to prevent the ' pirates IVom injuring it j and " Come, sir," said a bobby — Mm very ono, I declare, who swore 1110 into Briobuuc gnol— " you musn't. lay lmro in the cold," and 1m lifted 1110 lip bodily and tomlurly, feeling' my qiookuts at the same tiino, and pinching my lag in tho attempt', thus rousing 1110 oli'cetuully, "Eh! — What's o'clock?—! .onoiincud, oouftisedly. "All right, air,'1 rejoined Bobby, luoking nt a card ho had filched from my pocket— "Queens- lund Hotel : Jerry Scanlnn's,"— anil ft enh Ihat- rnmo, I don't know jiow, rouoived my partially, ro-auiniuted liody after .which .1 romemliur nothing ct ill I was nrousod by a uoiso nt tlm bud-room door, which stud in raro lipporary broguo i " Ah 1 an' sure, sir, will yo slupo atl uay an' nil uigh|., au'-.mn.wauliu'vtoswupe out the room fnrnint yo?" In another instant 1 roeluil out of bed on to tlm Hour, prone 1 upon whiuh a ahriok, liko nil Lillios' sleam-ougino whistlos rolled into ono, oallod up poor ltouust Jerry," wlro, exloniling his liuud with Hoparntod digits— liis wont when enun ciating ornolus—deolured he'd soon put mu- nil to fighU. And bo did. Vhou.I full, .aloudy. f looked ,ttp Lillio, ami found that ho still luul a notion of making railways from1 every where to everywhere else, and I ooiildu f umlorstaiiil what ho mmuit until I uskod, Doctor. SIojm .if ho know anylliiug about llm Blato of my ceoniitrm frioniVe mind, when lie tnbl 1110 that my poor dear Lillio was a-vlelim to « diseasn" pooilligr to tho cliinute, whiuh physicians called "Miioalislrainu." , "-A peculiar .(Rhujuso," raid he, " which bcgiiiH as you hoc, and ehdri in tlio patient reclining "comfortably and VjuiotJy nn a Government coiuili.' Tho .'p|d lent who was- tho first victim of tho dirtujiso is', now quite ralinual, ami may be soon, pur- foully calm and saue, taking bin case in Mm KpcukerV chair. My present' patient will soon bo hottor, Mm paroxysm will soon pass iiwayl'imd in a fow liionMis I doubt not. you will sou liim ,ns sober iii niind us a judgci, aiid Mailed in Mia third judge's chair. " \- 'My liend is rtill rather confused; and I don't, kiiow whether I havo boon dreaming, or what's up with inc.! Rut I'll wrilu again soon, and then T liopo to bo able lo tell you mnro explicitly, 'At present J. havo a con- fiiHuil idea that Lillio did talilq a motion for a loan of a million for tho construction 'of ' railways that Friday last was llm day when tho motion was Jo bo made but us liojsuld iioiliing abaut,tlio motion then — 1 four I'm dreaming slilh— . 