CENT. PEB CENT AND BAZAARS. to the editor op the coobies. bin,— In jonr issne this morning, I perceive that " Observer " has taken np tbe cn igels ta favor ci J. Boas ell; bnt inaemnch as "Observer " does not venture bet ond 100 per cent., I shall there leave him, as I stated that 101 per cent, was an absnrdity ta terms, and as to 1600 per cent., or even 300 per cent., even " Observer" has not: ventured to raise the ghost of an objection -to my statements. His own, and only illustration, however, of a regiment of £00 men being recruited by 500 more, does not by any imaus amonnt to an augmenta tion of loo per cent. The regiment Is now 1000. Strong, ona-hsif of which previously existed; the other half, or 50 per cent, have since been added. Be it observed that " per cent." only means so' much or eo many of, or out of, every loo under consideration; and under any dreams tan ce loo per 100 means the whole. Anent bazaars, "Observer" most pttentuly asks — Why so hard upon tbe reputed teachers of morality among tbe people? Why? Jnst this; that they have not only shirked and evaded their plsta duty, hot they have made themselves consenting parties to tbe wholesale demoralisation of the public. Do we. read of Quiit or his apostles sanctioning any such proceedings? Are we not toll "diligently to labor with onr hands," and to " provide things honest in the eight of All men?" Do gambling " Observer" does not for t single moment meet my vgnment u to the illegality nd ungodly nature of gambling; bnt excuses himeelf on the ground that theteachera and preachers of morality » bile they Bit as chairmen of trustees and com mittee ia consults tioiij hire so povrer of reto agaiast the decision of each trustees or com mittees! Shame upon yon, "Observer!" Oot upon yon— t bo i to vilify the present race of ministers and teachers. Do yon really mean to assert that their toflasace for good is nothlog? That, being themselves convinced of the slofnl nature of gambling btzsars, they are ntterly help less to prevent their taking plies! II so, of what use are they at a!! for good in society? HaUa dozen policemecs if so in&troctedj; wonld prevent moat effectively what yon eay tbe teachers of morality and religion are nnable to veto— and at a much cheaper rates Are yon really In esroestj Mr « Observer"? Will yon name publicly any one minister of religion ta Bsllsrat that has preached one solitary sermon against nhristi.n gambling? They have all tried their powers against fan-tan, euchre, and loo. Bnt is there not a species of pious " cribbsge" against which no voice has been lifted np in the pulpit? As to my so-called "sneer" at Scotchmen, let me inform " Observer" thst I have a reverence for ell that is good ta Scotland— Scotchmen, or aay other nationality; tratlhave ateo an abhor rence of all cant, hypocrisy, and humbug, where: ever found, cither in Glasgow or ta Ballarat. Mr Russell referred especially to Glasgow to hie exaggerated whisky drinking statistics, and thither I wes brand to fallow him. Awaiting farther favors, either from Mr Russell or "Observer," I am, yoars, Ac, BmroAEEE. 