Dramatic and Musical R.eview. "Justico always whirls In equal measure "-LOVE'S LABOUR'S LOST. " IT never rains but it it pours," is a trite and pithy saying that is very often applicable in human affairs. But a few days ago, comparatively, and wo were suffering from the most wretched state of dulness in the amuse mont world ; one theatre open only, with a company of minstrels. Now, Sydney teems with recreation, or will do so. Two theatres doing a good business : Chang tho Courteous, holding crowded levees at tho School of Arts ; on Monday next, a company of minstrels, said to combine a number of really good musicians, opening at a third theatre-the Victoria ; an extensive hippo drome about to commence business at tho old place in Pitt-street, opposite the Post- office,-and no doubt, this will xirovc as attractive as over; and our old friends, the really clever Gregorys, arriving hero thiB week, and not finding a local habitation where they can display their talents. In addition, Spencer's admirable Museum, and tho Waxworks have also a large share of supporters amongst the public. However great may be the interest attaching to the wonderful sketches of character in Charles Dickens's writings, thoro is scarcely ono of them (the Christmas talcs, in part, perhaps, excepted), adapted for stage representation. Tho want of continuity in the main incidents of tho romantic part of the stories, the paucity of dramatic events, and of characters, other than the most common place, the introduction of personages wonderfully life- like portraitures but totally disconnected with tho plot, all tend to give a tediousness when put together for dramatic purposes. That tho success of "Little Bm'ly' in London," has been so marked, must bo attributable to some special merit of Mr. Halliday's arrangement. Tho version produced at the Prince of Wales on Saturday last is certainly open to all the objections enumerated. Tho story itself is but a skeleton. A simplo girl, disgraced by tho love of a young libertino, runs away from her happy homo. Her doating old uncle seeks for her everywhere, but doesn't find her. Through the instrumentality of another forlorn castaway, sho returns homo. Her destroyer is ship wrecked. This is about tho whole. What tho Micawbor family, Uriah Heep, Botsy Trotwood and her maid, and her donkey antipathy, have to do with tho story it is difficult to discover. They might as well belong to tho play of "Hamlet." Tho hero of tho book might bo a stockfish for tho good ho is in tho play, and ho walks about every scene like a disturbed ghost, j The scenes introduced are : Tho beach and roads at i Yarmouth, in which the introduction to tho story takes place ; a lane near Yarmouth ; Mioawber's lodgings in London, where wo find that by fate ill-used model of 2)ropriety, and talont, and virtue waiting with his interesting family for " something to turn up ;" the interior of " Tho Ark," with the Peggotty family, including Ham and Mrs. Gummidgc; Mrs. Steerforth's house at High gate, where wo make acepraintanco with Little Em'ly's rival in thc affections of James Steerforth; tho tigress, Kosa Dartle ; the offices of Wickficld and Heep, whero wo find thc '"umble Uriah," tyrannizing over his besotted partner, nnd poor meek Agnes, who is simply a nobody ; Temple Bar-but the houses on each side are the tumble-down jdaces of a century back ; Westminster Bridge with a view of tho houses of Par liament, tho river, and Westminster Abbey ; the, exterior of the Queen's Bench prison-not unlike a corner of Darlinghurst-whero Micawber apostrophizes his whilomo homo ; and tho last scene, tho roaring sea, with tho destruction of the vessel in which Steerforth returns ; and the death of James and Ham. This last scene is a failure. But tho Yarmouth Hoads is a charming scone (barring tho peculiarly wbito sand) as pretty a bit of painting as Messrs. Torning and Wilson have ever given us ; the Westminster Bridge view is, I believe, by Mr. Hennings, of Melbourne, and we all know tho delightful productions of that talented artist ; this is one of tho best of them-rich in colouring, correct in detail, and charming in effect. With regard) to tho acting, thc main feature of tho piece is Mr. Stuart U'Brien'B portraiture of poor old Uncle Dan, tho " babby-porkypino" Peggotty. It would have been creditable to any stage. There was a roughness about it in accordance with the nature of the old sea-dog, and yet as tender in his love for his ewe-lamb as tho softest mother. Tho sceno where, overcomo with grief on hearing that littlo Em'ly has left her homo, he goes forth into tho storm to seek her, was most touching, and natural as stern reality. Next, may Miss Dolly Green's Hose Dartle be mentioned j it was vigorous but not stagy ; fall of life and animation wi tb tho demoniacal hardness that " takes everything to the grindstone" of her own hard nature. This markod both her scenes-with Copperfield and with Ein'ly. Mr. Bartlott was soaroely lofty and sententious enough for tho great genius Micawber, but warmed up mightily in the last act. Mr. Young did not givo tho slightest similarity to our idea of the shuflling'umble Uriah ; ho was altogether too demonstrative. It was tho twist of the snake, not the wrigglo of the worm. Miss Burton's affectionate and suffering Mrs. Micawber was cxcolloat ; and Miss M. Dixon made a regular little imp (but very characteristic) of young Wilkins, "destined for tho church." Mis» Grainger and Mr. Haskor havo scavcoly anything to do> ? as Wiokfield and his daughter ; and David Copperfield is so perfect a nonontity, that Mr. Douglas couldn't possibly tell what to do with him. Steerforth (Mr. Ramford) disappears early ; Traddles might have done so, too, with great advantage ; Mr. Welsh was too old »i great hulking Ham, but acted with feeling. Miss Carey mado a sweet, affectionate littly suffering Em'ly ; Miss Morgan, too, acted the small but import ant part of tho castaway Martha with good judgment ; Mrs. Jones oould'nt possibly make much of Betsy Trodwood, nor Miss Dixon of old mother Gum midge, but tho litter was at least natural. Tho booksellers won't regret this performance for many who go to tho thoatro will bo having a look over " David Copperfield," to freshen the memory. I should like to havo space to Bay a fow words of Mr. C. Young's wonderful acting as Bon Sidi Bedrecdin Brown iu a farce-now hore-called " The Paoha of Pimlico." Herein, ho is thorougly in his element ; and a great laugh is a fitting epilogue to tho dreary finale of tho prnvious piece. Tho farco is well acted, Miss Burton, Miss Morgan, Messrs. Welsh and Douglas being included in tho cast. Nor havo I space to say much of tho Adelphi per formances. Tho sturdy little company is like Miss Stephenson as Mazeppa on tho wild horse (I am very glad to say-not ii la Adah Menkin-> wo aro not so used-up hero, yet, us to requiro such incentives to our amusements !) -this being ono of tho pieces ovory evening, still " urging on a successful career." The other I prinoipal pieco has boon "The ColleonBawn." Thora is always a class of tho public that will support cheap theatrical performances, if tolerable ; I believe that tho company work well together, the expenses are very small, and no doubt, they will m ak o it pay. I believe that ono night recently tho receipts nearly covered the expenses for tho whole week. "May they livelong, and prosper," as old Hip Van Winklo would say. It was most satisfactory to find the Masonic Hall well filled on Monday evening -and hy many families of tho elite of Sydney-on tho occasion of Mons. Jonson's benefit concert, though no doubt there wore very many subscribers whom circumstances doprivod of the satisfaction of hoing present. But this largo attendance gave tho gratifying proof that sub scribers did not consider it sufficient to have their names on tho list, but by their presence- personally or through their representatives- to testify their respect for the beneficiare, not considering him in tho slighost degree an object of charity. In spite of his infirmities, ¡M. Jonson sat there to receive his guests, with a courtesy which is his attribute, even when bowed down by calamity. To criticiso in any way performances under such circumstances, would bo to pay an ill com pliment, and to give a bad return for services so generously contributed. To those- who assisted on the occasion-Mesdames Conduit,Cordner, James, Fleming, Jackson, and tho ladies' amateur ; Messrs. Packer, Hill, Conduit, Jackson, Fisher, Hall, and |others-the greatest praise will be tho satisfaction of their own hearts in the knowledge of having aided in so good a> work, iu lightening tho journey of infirm and suffering old ngo down tho sloping hill, towards tho dark boundary which terminates existence. How little likely is it that M. Jonson may havo to make another appeal to our sympathies. Again, on Tuesday evening, was tho Masonic lHall completely filled at a miscellaneous concert insti tuted by Mr. John Hill, organist of St. Mary's, in &id; of tho funds for providing a new organ for that cathedral. Tho first part was Rossini's " Stabat Mater," and as regards the solo parts was rather unsatisfactory. The second part of thc concert was most agreeable. Osborno's grand duo on "Faust" by Messrs. Packer and Hill excited real pleasure. The exquisite delicacy, clearness, and accuracy of Mr. Packer's playing touohed even th os o quito unacquainted with music as an art. Mr. HUI'B vigorous rapidity heightened tho effect. The piece lind to bo repeated in obodienco to the most enthusiastic demand. Mrs. Conduit (whom I have heard for tho first time at the two concerts this week) sang a swcot little echo-trilling pieco, " Little Birds " and (for an encoró) " Home, sweet Homo," with great taste and expression : and anyone knowing aught of vocal music will at once mark tho difference betweon this lady's singing and the usual hurdy-gurdy grinding of many of the amateurs and semi-professionals to whoso mono tonous delivery wo aro so often compelled to listen. Though her voice is not in its earliest freshness, and sho sometimes sings out of tuno, sho has an educated Btylo, uses light and shade, and gives expression to tho music. Mrs. Conduit is essen tially a florid singer, with a good uso of ornamentation. Mr. Alfred Anderson's solo, "Tho Huguenots," by ono Magnus, enabled us moro strongly to mark the great contrast in the styles of plnying of the best three gentlemen professional public pianists in Sycmcy. In this piece the arranger's objectappcarstobcthocombina tion of the greatest amount of impossible intricacy and noiso with tho least quantity of real music possible. Mr. Anderson played it with all tho vigour of which, ho is capable, and this was tho only chanco tho piece had. Had it boen given first tho playing might havo produced an encoró ; but tho audience was still too much under tho influence of tho exquisite softness of tho "Hail, thou puro and humble dwelling," and tho glorious soldiers chorus by Messrs. Packer and Hill. Mr. Lawrence Simmons (a brother of Miss Julia Simmons, the talented vocalist), a very young singer, who has lately come before the public, sang a cavatina by Verdi, and (as an encore) an air from Bellini's "Beatrice di Tonda." He has a rich, full, and very high baritone voice (from which he would do well to exclude the intervention of the teeth), and some degree of cultivated style and taste (learned from Devoti). With animation and sound study from an extensive repertoire, he may make note in tho musical world. A romance by Mrs. Cordnor, and two other pieces were included in tho performances. BIRON. Tho first session of tho third synod of the diocese of Newcastle coinmenoed its sittings on Tuesday. After Divino service and the administration of tho Holy Com munion, tho Bishop of Newcastle delivered an address, calling attention to tho proposed revision of the Bible, tho disestablishment of tho Irish Church, and follow ing it up by a review of tho work of tho diocese, includ ing its division into central, eastern, and western, deaneries ; Canon Child to bo stationed at Morpeth. Canon Selwyn at Newcastle, and Canon White at Muswellbrook. Tho funds wore in a satisfactory state. Tho Hov. S. Simon was appointed clerical and Mr. John Leo lay secretary. Various reports wcro brought up and read, and on Wednesday tho election of tho diocesan council was proceeded with, 