To the Editor of the Evening News. I Sir, — I think it a great misfortuno that the late mayor of Sydney did not appoint men as assessors who under stood something of the nature of the work they were called upon to perform. That at least one of them did not properly understand bis duty I think is evident from the manner in which he has dealt with my little domicile, which was previously assessed — and that too highly— at £31, but which is now rated at £37 ; whilst a house exactly similar, not more than JO yards from me, was previously rated at £27, which ample amount is allowed to remain. Now, Sir, I think it needs no ghost to tell us that if an assessment of £27 is a fair rate for one house of four rooms, £37 —£10 more —is a very unfair rate for another house of exactly the same size. Again, a certain house at Darlinghurst, of eight rooms, was under the former assessment rated at £35, but is now rated at £34. Of course there is no sign of appeal in this case. Perhaps I might be considered too inquisitive if I inquired by what rule these assessors were guided ; but I think I am not far wrong in assert ing that they had no rule at all. It was all haphazard work with them, 'get it done quick, and let the people fight it ont or pay.' Now this is too bad. It goes against the grain to allow oneself to be robbed, and it is very hard that a person should be compelled to lose perhaps two days' work in appealing against an imposition which is uojust, and which, if a little dis cretion bad been exercised iu the appointment of the men, would never have been made. I trust, Kir. Editor, you will lend a helping hand in this matter, and expose the extortioners. Yours, &c.;, VICTIM, COOK WARD. [We hear complaints on all sides of the grossly incon sistent valuations, not merely of properties situated at a distance from each other, but eveu of adjoining pro perties. We know of one case in which, of two adjoin ing properties, both used for carrying on similar pur 1 suits, the larger is valued at £100 a year less than the smaller one ; making a difference of at least 75 per cent, in the relative rating.— Ed.] The Government have instructed the police magis trate at Armidale, to the effect that whenever there is forty-eight hours' constant rain in the New England district, to telegraph to the bench of magistrates at Kempsey, informing them of ihe circumstances, so that preparations may be made for any approaching flood. The Maoleay Rives Trade. — The Maoleay Herald furnishes a list of exports from the river from July 1st to December 31st, 1870 : — Maize, 197,034 bushrls ; poultry, 149 coops ; eggs, 1G6 boxes ; bides, 75G ; pigB, 105 ; bacon, 82 bags, 66 cwt, and 2 sides ; cedar, 239,000 feet ; sugar and concrete, 260 tons ; molasses, 60 caBks ; horns, 6 packages ; sheepskins, 12 bundles ; sundries : 6 cases cane, 1 cask, 3 parcels, C cases bottles, 9 packages, 1 horse, 4 tins honey, 1 case, 14 packages, about 40 tons of other goods not described, and 8000 shingles. Two men, named respectively Joe Weeks and Edward Wells, were racing their horses near the wind mill, Port Macquarie, on the 2nd instant, when a dis pute arose, and both parties agreed to settle the matter in a fight. After several rounds had been fought, Wells threw Weeks heavily to the ground, breaking his arm near the elbow, and inflicting several cuts and bruises about the face. Weeks presented a very wretched appearance. Both combatants are described as .rather ' fast' young men. The ' better half' of one of the pugilists, we hear, lent her spouse a hand, and acted as a second. | The Bibbenujke Mobdebs. — The Bombala Times ! gives the following particulars relative to the frightful tragedy at Bibbenluke station : — Information was 1 brought to the police on Thursday that the wife of a shepherd named Romph, residing near Mount Coorer, had cut the throats of six of her children, and had afterwards attempted her own life in the same manner. Two of the children are dead, but the others may be expected to recover. The children vary in age from thirteen downwards. The instrument used was a large butcher's knife, and the unfortunate woman seems to have been determined to complete her dreadful work effectually, for tbe deceased children's heads are nearly severed from their bodies. The trachea of her own throat is cut, and at one time she was in a precarious position. The police had considerable difficulty in getting magistrates to hold the inquiry, which took place on Friday. We understand that tbe woman is to be removed to Bombala as soon as possible. No motive has been given to account for the perpetration of the wholesale slaughter. His Excellency's Southern Tour.— The Gunda- gai Times, of Saturday, reports that his Excellency the Earl of Belmore and Mr. Henry arrived at Gundagai on Thursday afternoon. In the afternoon a cavalcade of residents started to escort him into town, but shortly after they had departed the sky darkened over, distant thunder was heard, and a perfect torrent of rain came sweeping down, blotting out all trace of Kimo ranges, and causing muddy streams to descend from Mount Parnassus and course across our main street. In the full fury of this storm, which lasted for half-an-hour or so, several drenched equestrians rode back rapidly to seek shelter in our township, their dislike to wet clothes and probable future cold and rheumatism hav- ing evidently overcome their desire to do honour to the Earl of Belmore. Upwards of thirty horsemen, how ever, proceeded to Five-mile Creek, received his Excel- lency with an adequate amount of enthusiasm, escorted or followed him to the Club-house Hotel, and, after part- ing cheers, dispersed. Shortly after his arrival Earl Belmore, accompanied by his private secre- tary, Mr. Arthur Henry, went to inspect the Alfred Bridge and high level approach, which is certainly the most noteworthy work of art in our vicinity, although we can show a good artificial ruin among our public buildings. In tbe evening a deputation from Tumut arrived to convey Earl Belmore to Tumut next day, amongst whom were Mr. E. G. Brown, M.L.A. ; Mr. F. Vyner, J.P. ; Mr. L. Mandelson, J.P. ; Rev. W. H. Pownall, and Mr. D. Maitland. A very handsome turnout had been provided for the accommodation of the vice-regal party, consisting of a carriage drawn by four cream-coloured horses. Friday morning dawned bright and sunshiny, givingpromise of fair weather that would please the Adelong and Tumut folks, who had made cnergetic preparations to receive their vice-regal visitor with proper welcome. Earl Belmore's present trip is, indeed, especially and avowedly to the Tomut { district, and as South t-undagai ib the entrance to the Tumut electorate, it was supposed that the indications of welcome to bis Excellency would begin to be appa rent there. About 9 a.tn, the vice-regal party started, accompanied by several residents of the Northern township. The bridge was passed, and South Gundagai reached, but, saving that Mr. H. Jenkins had banners flying at the Star Hotel, and the post-office also sported a flag, there were no visible demonstrations of welcome. FoursirEn A cRirEBOfs Leases. — A schedule con taining a list of auriferous lands, the leases of which have been forfeited, is published for general infor mation. I 