TXIE llEV. DOCTOR BAEilY'.S PLEA BEFOItE BISHOP AND CLERGY. The folloAving short p.apcr Avas addressed, five ye.ars ago, to tlie Bishop and Clergy at Bishops- court. The Bishop Avas to have, produced the paper, but he requested Dr. Barry to do so in stead. At the time, the Clergy .applauded the paper. They best knoAV Avhether they have since acted accordingly. .. " WoAv t.ar .are niiuisters called upon to Avarn their peoxile against the errors of the Church of Rome." It is Avith extreme diffidence that in the jire- sence of men of much more dcA-otion, experience and aliility, I permit myself to touch, ever so modestly, the subject of duty — the duty of minis ters toAvards their xieojile in feeding the flock of God over aa'hom the Holy Ghost has made them overseers. And my diffidence is rather increased than diminished by the very strength of my conviotious, derived from- experience — opposed as they undoubtedly are by 'the dead Aveight of li.assiA'e resistance, on the part of many among Avhom Ave; minister— Avbicli, like the dainp fog of the m.arshes rising npw.ard is .ajit to influence, in some degree, ourselves that live above it, but not- quite beyond its reach. The intercourse of a clergyman with his peo- Xile is so sacred, so intimate, so refined, so un- ruflied by the conflicts of thc Avorld : — the social confidence is so complete and h-appy — that'Ave often .avoid the mention of a topic that s.aAors of Xiolemics, as being incongruous as; siioav in summer, or rain and bail in harvest. But hoAvever delightful these Christian inter courses may be — Ave must hot permit ourselves to forget that Ave are called to duties eA'cn higher than those, .os "overseers." of the flock to feed it — and keep it fi- ora unAvhalesome pasture— as Av.atchmen for the flock,- that no grievous Avolves should enter ill, not sparing the flock. It would bo striuigc indeed if the Avatchinen upon the Avails of Zion — immersed in Ih'j.peace- ful enjoyments of the city-Lceased to give alarin at the enemy's axiproach, and so the gates stood oxien, for .all to pass in unch.alleiiged. The ffiA'Curite qu.aint mediioval rhyme ' Multi .Sunt Prcsbyteri " comiiares . throughout the Xii'iestly life to the A'ane on the clnii'ch tower. One A'erse from Neale's translation ;suffioieiitlj' Xioints our moral i " From Avhat point the AA'iiid his course On the tower directeth, ; To that point the cock his head .Manfully objecteth. Thus the priest Avhere'cr he sees Satan Avarfare Avaging, Tliither doth he turii himself, For hi.s Hock ongaghig." lb is good for ns to feel that avo arc roall.A' pot as others— that aa'c are pledged inen— that the voavs of Cod .are uxion ns— voavs, not oiily those of baxi- tism by Avhioh onr.selvos and peoxile .are equ.aH.y bound to aChristian life, but a'oavs besides Avbich bind us to live for the xAevfectiug of tlie saints, for the aa'ork (if the ministry, fur the edifying of. lar»fl tr r«F flllTltjf. One of those lieiiges av.as the affirmative ausAver to this question of the Bishoxi— " Will yoii be ready Avith all faithful diligence to, banish and driA'c aAvay ctli niToiieous mid utraiiga ihiotnniiii cinitiWjl lo God's Word." ; Now here is . a distinct promise- what do we understand.by it ? ' Erroneous doctrine as well as ungodly living is to be combated — and " all erroneous and strange doctrine." But error is manifold and multiform — taking new shapes .as we see in our day, shapes never contemplated by the formularies of our Church ; but often as suming the old form again. with some modern refinemont,. or attraetion, or adaptatio'b wherp the subtle master of all evil finds the old .arms more useful ; and as tlio.sc old and neAv designs are .applied, .as scribes iustrivcted unto the kingdom of Heaven,, , up are plod.ged to bring out of our treasures tilings iieAv aiid old to meet ;them. , , ; inih thi'sc vows — ;", All erroneon.s and strange drictrine and avo had just signed the .articles of religion, Avhicb are to ns a sketch of the Church's criterion of false, or true, according to her meaning iu demanding that promise. Shu undoubtedly siiecifies the errors oiJlome, Art. xix. After definition of a church, , , , "As the churches of Jerusalem. Alexandria, and Ahtioch have erred, so .also the Church of hath erred, not only in their living and' manner of ceremonies, but .also in in.attcrs of f.aith." But; with the errors of the church of Jerusalem, of Alexandria, .and Antioch. our people have no practical contact .so as to endanger their faith ; therefore, having cited them,as ex- .amples, our Church has done no more. -It is real present danger we .are to guard our flocks against, so out of the thirty-nine, no less than eighteen Articles are directly levelled against Romish doctrines. _ XT. jnstific.ation ; xiA'. Avorks of suxiererog.a- tion xix. Church : xs., authority of church ; xxi. geuer.al CohiVcil ; xxii. purgatory ; xxiv. jir.a.yers in a trio gue not understood ; xxv. of sacraments ; xxviii. of the Lord's Supper ; xxix. the Avicked cat not; xxx. of both, kinds ; . xxxi. masses ; , xxxii, .. marri.ago ; xxxv. homilies xxxvi. conseeration of bishoxis ; xxvvii. civil magistr.ata.s. Nor .are these dootrincs of minor moment. Guv churoli is usu.ally c.autious Avell aa-eigliing tlie Avords aiid doing nothing rashly, and tho tendency, of the times Avhen the.se Articles Avore xirexi.arcd AV.as to in.ake. the limits .as aa'ido .os xiossible— .still their language can notJio stronger ; indeed ithas become too strong for the modern mode. It iniist not hoAvever be toogstrong for those avIio, ha\\-e solemnlj'- SAVorh to ' it. Oiie error Art. xiA'. declnres_ " cannot be taught AAdthoiit arrog.ai!c,y .and imi.iiet.y.'' Another xxviii. "is repugnant: to the plain words of Scripturo. overthroweth the nature of the sacraments, .and hath given rise to many superstitions." A third was (xxxi.) "a blasphemous fable and a dangerous deceit." Again, to make her iutciition xierfectly clear, she xmt fortli a liook of homilies— foi- liae by tlie clergy,- in the words of the authorized iirofacc, "to expel and _ drive .as well corrupt, vicious, and ungodly living, .as .also erroneous ami. poisoned doctrines, tending to superstition .and idolatry." Tliese homilies are formally adopted ill Art. xxxv., and so xiroininent through them is the direct onslaught on Popery that I have reckoned the article itself among those which are levelled .against its corruptions. Finally, Cmoii -i!.),— "Every minister being a preacher, and having any Popish reoiisaut in his parish, and thought fit by the bishop of his diocese, shall labnir ddigeiitly Avith tliem from i-ne to tiin , thereiiy to reclaim them from their , error.s." ': (This C.anou,_ 1 knoAA', suggests a discussion, beyond the limits of my iiuostion — where I am not permitted to go ; but I use it in proof of tlie sxiirit of the formulary Avliich avc have sub scribed— " Avilt thou be ready to drive .aAvay .all erroneous .and strange doctrine" — indeed, I might .argue from it a xiortioii of our duty is staled to the reclamation of Popish recusants — much more is it implied toward' the warning of our own flock against the same doctrines. I .alloAV th.at such a pledge, at first directed particularly against prevailing errors, might be continued as generally applicable — if its first .application became obsolete. I know that all along the centuries, hot contentions, no longer remembered, save in the tattered banners of heresy— the trophies laid by in history to show how completely the Church of God has survived and trauixiled. " the dust of systems .and of creeds," whose errors were each, in its day, so imposing. Again to unsheath the weapons forged for these conquered foes. were indeed an anach- ronism. So might it also be, respecting these weapons of the Reformation against Rome, had her errors too, been of the past, and had all danger vanished away. But is it so ? If it be, it must be either that she has receded from, those errors, or that her influence upon our flocks is so reduced, as to leave them in pr.aotical safety. _ Has she receded? So far from it that iioav, in the fac(3 of Christendom, Avithin tumlA'c yearSj . slie; has .added her 13th iioa'el .article to the ancient Christian symbol, and th.at the most damaging to the whole doctrine of Redemption, as well as the honour of the Blessed Redeemer; the dogma of the Immaculate Conception. But has the Reformation taken such root as to secure our people from- her errors ? Un the con trary, she' has numbered liqr converts by hun dreds, even in Protestant England, among clergy .and xieoxile — the head of her apostolic hierarchy ill England being one wiled away by her fasci nations from the faith— although one of the most gifted sons of the English Church. Has not tlie s.amc leaven been .at work here .? Is it not at AVork still ? I think that the danger to our people of being iufluenced by Roman ten dencies IS iioAy ureaCer, iiml not less, than at the time 6f the lleformatioii's e.ariy triumxihs. The abhorrence of the ncAAdy discovered corruptions of- the Cliurch then became .an euthusi.asin, .and mastered every other tendency. .Since, there has been tinie to rebound — Ritualism — shadow, instead of substance— pomp and ceremony, .and gorgeous ornameiits, churcli au thority, strained so as to obscure the authority fipm Avliioli .alone it can be derived — asceticism ; these are so permanent a xiai't of hiim.an mature itself, that they have assailed every hraiich of the Church of Christ, and sinec the first gush of 'feeling .at tho Reformation,- they have not failed, to, return,; .and they are iioav insidoiusly working in -the Protestant Churches of that new theology, so axitly styled "negative." The very fear of.-.: that xn'CA'ailing' " Multitu- dinism," or ." Broad Churchism," prepares many of our people for Rome — they see its inevitable results to be simple Atheism—it causes a reac tion against it in serious and thoughtful minds. They seek to erect some bulwark against it. They want a Royal Road to certainty— and in tho place of direct ji.atieiit xw.ayerful study of the Word of God— they put church autlidrity, Catholic consent— are ready to hide thcmseUes nndei" the shadoAV of .iiroteuiled infallibility, Avhich_ kills' at dhc'e intellect and' soul — Avlie're there is indeed no further question — no further controversy— simply because tlie dead do not speak— nor think. And then once haying received. infallibility— .all the rest— purgatory-— mariolatry — transub- stantiation, &e.;, are taken in easily — because the more abhorrent to all reason — the greater tho test pf faith — and the" greater virtue iu; riieeiA'ing them on aait/ioriti/— this is Dr. New man's account of his conversion in his " Apolo gia pro vita sua " — a book which reveals to us the miserable windings in the maelstrom, of in.any of those who have left us— nearer and ; nearer to the; abyss, until at length they were drawn in. . , Have AA'C no special message or duty to perform to xiersons tending hi this direction among our tlpck? If AA'O do not xiorceiA'c it, Rome h.as A'er imssionaries uxion Avliom such leanings are not lost. : But, .apart from these tendenoies of thmight- ful; and dft'eii educated persons, there really is a.-; widely; ramified influence' silently working among Protestants, directed most wisely and cautiously by the Romish Power. Her sisters of charity win those who woiild abhor transnb- stantiation ; they get our children within their influence-and gaining a personal hold of their hearts-they transfer the affection they have g.ained, to the churoh— they get onr young .women to- work for and to preside at bazaars — and lotteries ; by an unparalleled in consistency, at aa'liich they must be themsel\'es astounded, tiliey readily obtain imRiense donations of money from Protestants, and xnomote a religion whicii the donors profess to hold as an idolatry to be .abhorred. Their emissaries are everywhere— let 20 men Avork in a mine — a st.ation— at a mill— -or. or work in a field,' let but one be a Romanist — he is a, m'lHsionarij. Send a child to a school, taught by a Romanist, even should the mention of religion, be ' excluded hy contractr)-he comes aw.a,y— crpssiiig himself— or repeating the" Hail Mary." Damning without scruple, all withoiit their jialc— they manage to persuade our people, that it is we who .are so uncharitable — .and they are full of love and divine compassion. Disloyal to a boast- they wield the patronage, of the powers that be — who must know their dis loyalty, unless they are blind and deaf,— and who know, at all events, the doctrines they hold,-'— .and yet professing to abhor— contribute to their support. Fiinally, x>vofessing to regard marriage as ille gal between a Protestant and a Romanist, — they, ncvertheless, turn mixed marriages to their church's benefit — by enforcing a signature to document, often taken by the xart' as merely the usual forin.al declar.ation, but really bind ing him to renounce his faith, .and to bring uj) .all his cliildrcn Romanists, and so considering the marriage as one between two Romanists, .and no longer mixed. And if the husband awakens to a sense of what he has done, or attempts to return ; from that day forth, there is the shadow of an intruder- between man and wife, and all the curse of a, divided house, and scarcely ever is such a one found again as he was. We hear of him. Oh ! he is of no religion — attends no place of worship ; be warned, &c.; , &c.; How is it that these things exist under our eyes, unless that euchantrnent which is the peculiar art of the harlot, has flung the olden spells over the Protestant — that is, over our flocks — over whom aa'c are ap pointed overseers. Porh.axis avc .are not to blamq . for this, but we are to blame if avo Avilfully lot; it continue to be. But how — or r.ather, as my thomo x>"ts tho question, — hoie far are Ave to Avarn our people .against this ? 1 admit the delic.acy of the task. It arises from sever.al causes. . First, the en- chautment is already on the .people, and they are, therefore, impatient of controversy or .are unable to bear it, and worse, tb.ey mist.akc it for Avaiit of charity. Second. Onr moments are — those moments avhen from our v.antage ground of S.ab- bath pulpit teaching, Ave look upon earnest eyes upturned, and speak to move iinirortal spirits. How shall aa'e sqii.andor snch an opportunity upon mere polemics, Avhile there is Christ, aniL Him crucified, to be prc.achcd ? ' Or ag.!.!!! — should avc intridnoe x'ooihient controversy in any other Avay. Is there not a, chance of a glorying in the mere p''ty spirit of opxiosing Rome, Avhich shall effectually de- spiritualise our xieoxile. All these considerations xiroA'e that the sub ject must be judged Avith a delicate hand ; bnb it must be touched. In surgery the most deli cate hand cuts the most eflcctiially. I do nof: adA'ocate aa'hat the xioet I.aurc.ate most unpoeti- cally calls — "loud- lunged anti-B.abylonianisin." Ami yet, I say that, even from the xiulpit, niueli may be done. In xiressing the Gospel in its sim- Xilicity, it AVonld be right to warn ag.ainst its perA'crsioii, .and to sIioav how Rome perverted it. I'll draAving the xieople to the one Mddiator, if; - Avould be right to shoAV Avhere there Avere substituted mmiij mediators. In aa'iuning souls to that one sole offer ing of Christ, once for all, made for the siiis of the Avorld, Ave might follow the lead of Ai-t. 31,an'd_warn of "the sacrifices of masses, in aa'hich it aa'as xiretended that the priest did offer- Christ for the ixuick or dead, avere blasxihemousf fables and dangerous deceits." A great XJortion of the glamour that Rome has succeeded in throAviiig over our.-'people, arises from igiiorauce. The truth is, ttiey are not; taught aa'lien young ; they have no speoifie knoAvledge of the ditlereiice hetween one religion iiuu. uiic uvuui. J-iicy uo nos kiioav AA'iiac noman- ism is, and therefore they do not hate it. Per haps the first glimxise a youth has of Rome is in some splendid' ccieinony, or some recominenda- tioii of it by a crafty xii'oselytisin, both of Avhiclx keex) all the corruption out-"of view, And f-asci- liate him Avitli the e.xtei'ii.als. I s.ay,. then, let him knoav the coiTuptions be fore he leaA'cs our tuition. I say, lot us have our classes of controversial teaching in our schools- — ' ill n'iv.ate(— -ill our iiomos ; and disseminata simple books of instruction on such' points — questioning' into them and questioning out of tliem, until avc knoAv they liavo learned Avhatwo Avant. Let ns not be s.atisfied niitil avc h.ava taught them to anSAver fully thc.se tavo ques tions : — Ist, Why arc j'oii a Chsistian ? and 2nd, Why a Pi'otostant ? Ag.ain. We are re.ally .an influential body.. We, are, a united body. We occupy a largo portion of giWnd. We have a wide c.xxjerienco and themeansof Avatching Romish advances, .ami of making them /rnoioii,. Let us remember that;- Romish emissaries are like the Avhiteaiits. They can only AVork successfully in the (lark. Lefs the light in upon them, anil they are paralysed. aa'ill help to dissola-e the en chantment for .bur peoxile. Let mo explain by an instance. I am but a ncAvcionier, and one of the first XJublic' amuscmeiits that met iny vie'w- Avas that of a gi-aml display, and money-makinc. device for the charities of St. yiucent de Paiif ' and their claims upon Protestants, Avere base upnnthe'aiidacious annouiieenient, that there Ava® no distinction of religion made in the distribu tion of unbelief. Upon this xiiea, a Protestan editor recommended its cl.aims. Tliere Ava® imbody to tell the people that the society of St. Vincent de Paul Avas .an intriguing, xn'osolytizing t society, xiroscribiid by the Freu Govern menfc as dangerous to peace, that its goneual head quarters Avero in Paris, and that saiil GoA'orn- meut laid doavn the fundamental xirtncixiles in. these Avords. " Our chief end is not to come to .the relief of tho poor, this is with us only ameans- —but our end is to aggrandize the Catholic faith, and, turn all. to it." Tliat oxtr.aot from the speech of the general of the order put. side by side, with the "Tim 'J'yrin.irc mt/ii," might have bxicnod eyes and closecl purses. v Information — liglit— xirompt and ready, then, are our best Aveapnns. No. abuse, no xioi'sonality.' no temper ; for our young peoxile a knowledge of the Sillient xioh'ts of difference, and of hoAW Romanists are likely to .argue iqion 'them, and how to meet those arguments. . , But first of all, to make oiu'sel\'es masters oE gui' subject. It is Avoiiderfulhow little is kuoAvnt' of the Poxiery at our very doors. Deaii Alfbrd, Avith all his learning, in all his e.xxierieiico, never discoA'ered; that the second commandment ia . left put of the Ronlan Catholic c.atecliism, .until he goes to Rome the other day, and pubjishea' his discovery as a iioav thing. He .also blander a ' iii his letters from Rome on the Romish doc- trine of iucUdgence— he iiad never stood in ai controversial class I Let us be accurately iiiforinedL not only ill the scholastic theology of Romish, coiitrovbrsy, hut chiefly in its practical, popuhair form in Avhich it meets the eyes- of onr peoxile. ' There are .some errors so striking, so salient,! that Ave need but shoav them, aiid they refuto tlieinaelves. Let the people see them. Is it; not for their safety ? Is it not .according to our calliug ? 