Mark Brown's Wife : A Tale of the Gold-fields. BY CHARLES DE BOOS. PART I.— THE IMMIGRANTS. CHAPTER I. — CANVAS TOWN. "SHE was about the prettiest creature as ever I clapped eyes on. I never see her more than three times altogether; but them three times was enough to fix her picture on my mind for good and all. I never forgot her from the first day I saw her. She had the beautifullest blue eyes as you could imagine, and long ringlets of bright sinning flaxen hair hanging down over her shoulders, in the regular good old English style, such as you and me recollect when we were boys. There wasn't more than a handful of her altogether, and she was more like a fairy than a married wife, and the mother of kids — though she only had two of 'em — one was his and the other — but I musn't get a-head of my story. Now I'll just tell you, boys, where it was, as I see her first, and how it was as I came to recollect her so well." The speaker, Tom Drewe, was one of a party of six miners who held one of the rich claims on Mount Jones, in the palmy days of the old Rocky River. Of the party, three enly were in the hut where this yarn was spun, the others being at work as the night shift, the claim being too valuable to be left to the tender mercy of any casual fossicker, especially as the stealing of washdirt, where such dirt was known to be rich, was rather a favourite nightly amusement amongst the loafers who invariably infest a new and flourishing gold-field. Besides the three mates, there were some half-dozen others who had collected in the hut, to while away the time with a smoke and a yarn, an evening occupation much affected amongst the quieter and steadier ot the diggers. Owing to circumstances which had then recently occurred, and which will be detailed in due course, the conversation had turned upon a series of events which had taken place some twelve years previously, and which, from their ter- rible nature, had excited a profound sensation, espe- cially amongst the diggers. With these preliminary remarks, sufficient to place our readers in possession, of as much information as it is necessary to give them, at present, we will let Tom Drewe continue his narration "Let me see — yes — it was in 1854, as I came down, to Melbourne for a Christmas spree. I was a great deal younger then, and hadn't had so many ups and downs as I've seed since; and I wasn't at all the same steady going chap as I am now. And then, you see there was such a terrible lot of rowdy chaps amongst the diggers, and one leads another on so, that I've often been dragged into things as I wouldn't have been mixed up in, if I'd been left alone. I had. a bust that time and no mistake. I'd been on. Bendigo, and me and my mates was among the first on the old Eagle Hawk, and there was gold to be picked up there and no mistake. I spent about a. thousand pounds that go, and then I'd got over twelve hundred left in the bank; and I was just getting myself right again to go up and turn to the old game. The Christmas holidays was over, and most of my mates had left Melbourne, some for one place, some for another, for diggings was starting up everywhere as thick as blackberries. One day — it was about three weeks after Christmas, and a Wednesday — I recollect it as if it was only yesterday — I went with an old mate (you recollect Job Hicks as had the one eye — of course you do; well, it was him I went with) over to Canvas Town. There was a chap, Ruggy Dick they called him, as had just come down from the Ovens, and as he held a claim near Job's, of course Job wanted to know how things were shaping. " You remember Canvas Town?" he asked, and received an affirmative repty from every one present; but as our readers may not have seen, though they may have heard talk of it, we shall venture to give them so much of description as will suffice to make them understand the references made in Tom Drewe's narration. That wonderful excresence upon Melbourne which went by the name of Canvas Town started up into existence in the course of only a few weeks. It was situated on the road from Melbourne to St. Kilda, and within half-a-mile of the southern approach to the Prince's Bridge. At first, a few tents were pitched down by the roadside; other parties, seeing that the first were not interfered with, joined them. Following close upon the heels of the popu- lation came storekeepers and traders to administer to their wants, until by the end of two months a popu- lation of some two or three thousand souls had squatted down, and the place looked as if some genii had suddenly transported some digging township from its place in the bush and landed it here in the midst of civilisation. For some considerable time the Government did not interfere with this occupation of the land further than to cause something like an alignment of the tents, so as to leave a roadway through their midst. The influx of population into the colony had been so great that the number of houses in Melbourne and the suburbs was insufficient to provide shelter for the thousands who were arriv- ing weekly. As a means of relieving some of the distress existing from the actual want of house accommodation, the Government very wisely winked at the temporary occupation of its territory. As these squatters, so to speak, were liable to be removed at any moment, the erections were all of the most temporary character. They consisted for the most part of tents — some of canvas, some (and the greater part) of calico. Here and there might be found one with its sides boarded up with the remains of old packing cases, or secured with the tin with which the cases had been lined. More rarely might be seen a roughly put-up slab house, though these were only few and far between. The greater part of the front ages to the main road through Canvas Town gra- dually fell into the hands of storekeepers and of dealers and tradesmen of one kind and another. Here was a store with its gable end to the street, the canvas of the front thrown back or drawn up to its fullest extent, so as to display the wares within. Its counter, set back a few feet from the entrance so as to allow room for the customer, is heaped up with loaves of bread, cheeses, bacon, and one or two other articles in general request, whilst the shelves behind are loaded with " every article in the trade," as the sign above annouuces. Further on is a butcher's tent, to which you may be guided by your nose, if you be possessed of olfactory nerves of ordinary power, the meat looking dark and ill-bled, and bearing generally anything but a cleanly or en- ticing appearance. There is a haberdashery store, but the haberdashery is nearly exclusively confined to needles, cottons, calves, and lollies; the sale of the latter being far more extensive and profitable than that of the former. More than one sign informs you. that " Repairs are neatly done;" and you may judge of the neatness with which the repairs are done, if you choose to stand and watch the shoemaker at his work, for the tent, like all the rest, is open in order to give him light. Nor are tailors wanting; for there are frequent notices that "Gents' own materials" are made up. In its early days, Canvas Town was a place of very considerable business and bustle. In very many instances, some of the older residents came and camped out here, whilst they let their houses at exorbitant rents to new arrivals; and numbers of new arrivals left their wives and families under canvas here whilst they themselves went up to try their luck upon the diggings. Thus it was a place of resort to the diggers very much more than might be expected, as returned diggers would bring their mates or acquaintances to visit their fami- lies, or to deliver messages or letters sent to a wife or a friend; and as diggers are invariably gregarious, such messages brought more than one visitor to the spot. Owing to this, there were always to be found a large proportion of miners amongst the hundreds of persons who from one cause and another thronged the streets; and especially about the purlieus of the three or four grog shops which were established there were the gold-seekers to be encountered. So much was this the case that a person driving from Melbourne to St. Kilda would save time by making a detour to avoid Canvas Town, and the delays incidental to passing through its narrow and often crowded streets. Mixed up with the structures already described, you will find now and then a private tent, nearly always containing a female. At the back of one of these you may catch a glimpse ot a woman washing. By the side of anotber may be seen a large sea chest, on the lid of which, as on a stall are exposed numerous articles of wearing apparel, part of the recent immigrant's outfit — exposed modestly and retiringly as though the owner were ashamed of the poverty it indicated. From others again will rise the cry or the laugh of children; or youngsters will dart in and out in a busy game of romp ; whilst not infrequently from one or the other may he heard the low wailing female sob that tells of a heart's agony. Besides the careless diggers who saunter through the streets, there may be encountered the busy lot of traffickers, hurrying along as though the whole fate of the colony depended upon the rapidity of their movements; — the curious, visiting the spot for the first time, and gazing peeringly around at each and everything in dazed astonishment; — and the recent arrivals in the colony, with all the new chum manifest about them, strolling, hurrying, or loitering according to their several dispositions. Of these too many, alas ! have careworn countenances, telling of the disappointments which had met them at the outset of their colonial career, of the golden hopes which had been shattered, and of the stern reality which stared them in the face. The groups of reckless diggers who hang about the grog shops formed a con- trast to these new arrivals, such as even the most careless could not fail to notice; the more so as num- bers of these new chums invariably gathered round the seasoned miners, listening greedily to their tales of extraordinary finds and new discoveries, and long- ing for the time when they could take a share in adventures similar to those they heard recounted. All this has now passed away. Canvas Town dis- appeared, as rapidly — even more so — than it arose; but such as it has been described above it was at the period spoken of by Tom Drewe. CHAPTER II. — RUGGY DICK. " Off we goes for Canvas Town," continued Tom, "Job and me; and as my mate knew where to drop on his man, we come across him in a lush crib as had been set up there by Old Lumpy, him as kept the Shanty at Friar's Creek, and was burnt out by the Commissioner and his men. He knowed me and Job at once, and got me into a yam about the old spot, while he pointed out to Job to go behind the canvas screen as formed the parlour, where there seemed te be no end of drinking and swearing going on, and a lot of chaps get together. After a few minutes, back comes Job with Dick and two of his mates to have a wet at the bar. Directly I clapped eyes on him, I knowed him at once — but he wasn't called Ruggy Dick then. I recollected seeing him a many times in the eariy days of Forest Creek, where he was called "The Ginger," and was known as one of the most everlasting rogues as ever showed face on a diggings. He was a t'other sider, and used to boast of being it, and he had a mob of the same breed about him, some fourteen or fifteen of 'em, every man Jack of 'em as big a rogue as himself, though he was always said to be the leader of the lot. There was a rare down on 'em, and the whole blessed boiling of 'em would have been lynched many times up there, only that they were too wide awake to stop the moment a down got on 'em, and took care to shift their quarters as soon as there were any signs of its getting too hot for 'em. I tumbled across him several times, and noticed him, because he had been pointed out to me as a fellow it was well to give a wide berth to. The last I saw of him was one afternoon when the Commissioner and his men were out hunting up the licenses. My mates had sent me over to look at some new ground 'at had just been opened down the creek, and to see if there was any room for us to stick in on it, as our claim was nearly worked out. Just as I got to the Red- hill on my way back, I was pulled up by one of the troopers, who asked for my licence. I always took care, these times, to have it about me, so I showed it all right. Just then, who should show rising the hill about fifty yards away than "The Ginger." We were all in fair view of each other, but Ginger didn't seem to notice us, until the trooper called out to him to stop. Then he looks up with a start, and turns as pale as a ghost the moment he claps eyes on the trooper. He seemed to stand trembling until the trooper, stuck spurs into his horse and began to ride to wards him. Then he lets out a screech and bolts as if old Scratch was after him. My word ! says I; here's a rummy game. I must stop and see the end of this. Ginger makes a bolt in amongst the shafts and the headings where the trooper couldn't follow him on horseback; and when he sees the trap get off his horse to tackle him, what does he do but down he goes down one of the shafts where some fossickers had left a pegged rope. Once down, it was good-bye to him, for the Red Hill had been worked out long before, and the ground was so tunnelled this way and that way that the claims had been run into each other, and you might travel from one end of the hill to the other without coming up to blow. The trooper knowed this as well as the Ginger did, and knowed it was no use to try and follow a man among all them twists and turns, so he jumps on his horse and comes back to me, seeing as I'd been standing looking on. He was very savage at being beat, and he says to me, says he, "Do you know that chap ? " Now you see, as a general rule, we don't come it on each other, especially to the traps, and when it's only about such a matter as a license ; and you know well, men, the " Joe" as used to be got up when the Com- missioner and his men were out on their hunts, just to give poor devils who couldn't pay for their monthly license a warning to keep themselves hid under ground. But this here Ginger was such an ever lasting ruffian that I thought as I'd be doing a good turn to the diggings and the diggers if I got him cleared out; so says I, "I don't know his name ex- actly, but you ought to know him, seeing as he's one of the most everlasting ruffians as we've got up here." "I've only been a week up here," says he, " that's how I don't recollect him. You don't know his name, then?" " I only know as they call him the Ginger," says I, "but I never heard his other name." " Ginger — Ginger," says the trap, a chewing it over to himself about half-a-dozen times, "I don't know any --;" then he stops and thinks, and then he says, "Yes, by George, that's him.!" "Him," says I, " What him?" " Is he a t'other sider?" says he. " He's all that," says I, " and something more, for he's got a lot of the same breed round him as is a nuisance to the diggings." "That's my man," says he, "all to pieces. I know him now; and he knowed me, too, or else he wouldn't have cleared out as sharp as he did." You see, them coves always took care to have their licenses, there's too many little things as could be brought again 'em for 'em to risk the chance of being nailed over a thirty bob license. "Much obliged to you, my man," says he, as he rode off to join the Commissioner. Them troopers were big men those days, when they had the hunting of us. They were the hounds and we were the hares, and mighty civil we had to be with 'em, I can tell you, if we didn't want to be handcuffed to their stir- rup irons, and walked off into camp. From that day I never see Ginger again, and what's more, his whole mob cleared out from Forest Creek. I fancy as he had a turn at Bendigo, for I met some cf his beautiful mates there, but I never came across him. I met that same trooper two or three times, and very civil he always was to me, stopping to have a yarn. He'd never seen nothing of Ginger no more than me, though he had kept a sharp look-out for him, and once he told me as there was something good a-hanging to him, if he could only nail him. What it was or what it was about he never told me, and I never asked him, for it ain't always convenient, specially to chaps like us, to know too much. That's how I'd seen him last; and now when I come across him here in Melbourne, showing himself out in the open day, you may fancy that it rather knocked me over; and that's how I couldn't help changing countenance when he come upon me so sudden. When he comes into the bar he looks at me and sees as there's something up; then he looks at me precious hard and savage, and, says he, "You know me ?" and his hand went fumbling in the breast of his red serge shirt. "Ware hawk," thinks I to myself, and I took care to stand on my guard while I looks at him quietly up and down, and says I, "Well, I fancy as I've seen you afore !" " It wasn't on the other side !" says he, looking at me from down under his eyebrows, in a sharp way, as seemed to read me. " Ain't never been there," says I, very easy. He looks up tliis time, and spoke freer, and says he, " Where d'ye fancy as you've seen me ? " " I rather think as it was at Bendigo," says I. " Yes," says he, "I was at Bendigo a goodish bit ; and now you mention it, I fancy as I've seen you there." Then he told me where he'd been working at Ben- digo, and of course I told him as I'd been working somewhere near, and we got all on good terms, and had a long yarn about Bendigo and the Ovens, and this chap and that chap as we happened both to know; and you may be sure we couldn't do all this talking without nobblers. First one shouted, then another, till I found as I was getting just a bit fuzzy, though me and Job wasn't anything like as far gone as Dick and his mates, who'd been drinking before we come up. But, talk of drinking, I never see a man as the drink served as it did him. Instead of making him stupid, or jolly, or spooney, as it serves most men, it only made him savage. He'd got a tremendous mop ot red hair, and that was the reason why they called him Ginger — though why a red haired cove should be nicknamed Ginger I never could make out — and now with his drinking, his face was as red as his head. He snarled and growled at every thing, and tried to pick up every word as was said, just to make a quarrel out of it. He was a big fellow about five feet ten high, with great broad shoulders and heavy limbs, and would weigh about four teen stone, so that he wasn't the nicest mark as a man could pick out to tackle. He specially wanted to have a row with me, and tried it on two or three times, but I managed to keep him off by speaking him fair, and backing out as much as I could. Not that I was afeard of him, not a bit of it ; but I knowed very well that if he got the worst of it, it would be out' knife or revolver, and I didn't care to be dragged into that sort of thing. He got to be such precious hot goods at last, that I was glad when one of his mates, who had gone out side, sings out to him, " Come here, Dick. Here's a lark! Come and look at Johnny-come-lately doing the genteel." I said just now as I was glad when he went out, but I tell you what it is, men; if I'd only have knowed the sight of mischief as was going to follow his going but, I'd a deal sooner have had it out with him there and. then, and chanced the knife and re- volver racket." 