TVESLEYAN ANNIVERSARY, ASHBY A tea meeting was held at the "Wellington street chapel, Ashby, on Monday evening, when a goodly number sat down. After the tea had been concluded, the company adjourned until the chapel was got ready for the public "meeting, when Mr John Gue.-t presided. Alter a few remarks as to his happiness at seeing so many present he called upon MrW.H-Martell to read the report for the year. This among other affairs stated that the result of the last anniversary services having, been less than the sum neces ■ sary to defray the current expenses for interest and for the repayment due to the loan fond, the committee re solved to canvass the congregation for subscriptions, and to make a special collec tion once a quarter in aid of the trust fund. \- It was also decided to have a course of three lectures delivered in the church for the same purpose. Thanks to the liberality of the people, and the services of the Eevs. Messrs Cameron, Sing and Ick, the hope expressed had been realised. In consequence of the large interest that had to be paid, the com mittee had only been able to rednce the debt due to the loan fund by some jB2Q. Ibej Mked fox &• »y»p»tby md mpport of the congregation, and hoped some means would be devised by which the heavy interest could be paid off, so that the whole of the subscriptions, &c.;, could he devoted to the extinction of the principal. The balance-sheet showed the receipts daring the year to have been £51 7s lid. and the expenditure £28 12s 3d, leaving a balance of £22 19s Sd, £20 of which bad been paid to the loan fund, as already stated. The whole liability on the building at present was announced to be £724 143 3d.:: '6 The Rev. Thomns Williams, chairman of the Gcelong and Ballarat District, made a few remarks, and the Rev. TV Ueale was called upon.' He said it was now nearly 10 years since he first preached in the Ashby church, and he was glad to see the progress they had made with their chapel, and hoped the spiritual progress had been 'as great. He then alluded to the means there must bo" for spiritual progress, and re marked that in the first place there must be' a witnessing for Christ. Every regenerated soul must become a burning and a shining light, and spread the good news.. The woman of Samaria was ah instance, and they wanted some of the spirit that pos sessed her if they would prosper as a church. And there mast be n combination of praying and working. He was sadly afraid that the spirit of prayer slumbered among the We3 leyans generally, and exhorted them to earnestly pour oat their hearts in prayer to the Almighty if they would have a revival, and wished for the salvation of souls. ' The Rev. J. W. Crisp expressed the pleasure it gave.him to he among his old friends at Ashby once more, and compli mented them on the really elegant chnrch they now possessed. It there was any great blessing on earth he felt sure that the blessing of .Christian friendship was one, and he hoped that their friendship would be renewed on the other side of the river. He had enjoyed the tea provided, and said that, although Ballarat boasted of the good teas they could provide, he thought Ashby could come np to them. In referring to the Methodists, he believed .that every true. Methodist's heart was warm towards all that loved the Saviour, and that such a one could say " Peace be with all those that fear the lord." As true Wesleyans they had a | general love to all denominations, but j because they loved their own doctrines best, they had joined that sect. They wanted a oneness of feeling between the ministers and people, and for the former he would say, " Brethren, earnestly pray for ■us." If there was any cooineBS, anything like a difference between the pastor and the congregation they could not expect God's blessing and smile. Methodism, in order to have the grand results formerly achieved, needed to overflow with Divine in fluences; to be filled with glory and with God; then they would have revivals of religion. All the appropriate machinery of Methodism their fine churches, and so forth, would avail nothing of the power of the Holy Ghost and of earnest prayer. He exhorted them to be faithful in their Master's work, and concluded by wishing them all pros perity. . The Bevs. Mr King, S. Williams, and other gentlemen having addressed the meeting in a few wordB, it concluded in the usual manner. 