bible christian district meeting. In continuation of the public services of the Bible Christian District Meeting, a sermon was preached by .. the Rev. J. Rock. on Thursday evening. ■ He selected his text from 1st Peter, i. 18-19. After a short introduction, the preacher dwelt at -considerable length on—Ist-the pro curing cause of human redemption. He said it was brought before them in a twofold aspect, negative and positive. AU the treasures of the earth, all its gold and silver, were of •no value in this great work;, they were bought with a price, but it was no less a price than the blood of the Lamb. " 'Twas great to speak a world from nought, but greater to redeem." ■ The transcendant results of this redemption were worthy of the deepest medita tion. Two thoughts were chiefly dwelt upon— the bearing of Christ's atoning death upon the moral government of God, and upon the highest interests. of the human race. During the sittings of the District Meeting on the following day, several matters affecting the interests of the District were earnestly discussed. A report of the spiritual state of the different circuits was presented and carefully .and seriously con sidered, and a resolution was passed expressing the opinion of the meeting thereon. On Friday evening, February 25, a fellowship meeting was held in Young-street ChapeL This service is usually one of great profit, and is anticipated with considerable interest. The ministers and delegates composing the District Meeting related their Christian experience. On the following day the sittings were continued. The former part of the day was spent in a close enquiry into the financial position of theDistrict. During the afternoon the Stationing Committee sat to prepare a list of appointments to bring before the meeting for its approval. On Sunday services were held in the Young street Chapel. The Rev. O. Lake preached in the morning. He selected for his text the words. contained in the 18th, 19th, and 20th verses of the 28th chapter of Matthew—"And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto Me in heaven and on earth. Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and lo I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen"—and went on to say— This meeting was the fulfilment of an appoint ment our Lord had made with His Apostles before His passion. What strange events crowded between that appointment and the morning of fulfilment between the Mount of Olives and the Mount in Galilee. The wickedness of betrayal, the cowardice of desertion and denial, the accu mulated horrors of Calvary, the rumoured resur rection—what a tumult of feeling all this would beget in the minds of those men as they moved up that slope to keep their trust with their Lord. And there He waits for them. But, like many companies who now go out to meet Him, "while they worshipped some doubted." In the nearer view, when Be came close to them, in the change that had come over Him since they looked on Him last, in the regal words He spoke there would be little room left for doubt, and soon no cloud of unbelief would darken the noonday of repose and rapture to which He was leading back their weary and bleeding hearts. L The charge these words contain invite our attention. The startling thing on the surface of this subject is that such a charge should be -given by such a Person to such men. The wounds of that traeeless conflict through which He had just passed are still fresh upon Him. These eleven men are poor and un lettered. The message is sure to encounter the leagued^opposition of earth and hell. Yet no thought of failure strikes the mind of Christ —there is no suspicion of unfitness in. the instrumentality. "Go, disciple, teach all nations; all power is given unto me: andlol am with you alway, even unto the end." These are the words of One who has measured all the difficulties of the world's regeneration,, and who sees "at the end of. ages" the new earth in which dwelleth righteousness. The charge was very simple as to the work it called the dis ciples to do; they had a rite to administer, and a message to proclaim. The preacher said he should not speak in a controversial tone of the rite of baptism; it was a symbol of purifica tion in every mode, and whether the subjects were infants or adults. •' £ or ntual modes let graceless zealots fight, His can't be wrong who views it in that light." The message was all the world wanted to hear. Given by inspiration of God, it was profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for in struction in righteousness; and with the text book the man of God, the Christian teacher, was perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good worm The message was to be proclaimed to all. And this message has awakened echoes in the breasts of dwellers of every clime, and has proved itself the Gospel of God, because it is so emphatically the Gospel of man—of universal man. It is an exotic in no clime; it flourishes, as if indigenous, on every soiL The whole of the message was to be proclaimed. May we not take up the teaching of some men and ask—Is this all that Christ commanded? Are not some of the truths lifted into special prominence by him, absent from their teach ing? They speak not of the Cross as the atonement for sin. The personality and ministry J of the Holy Ghost have dropped out of their teaching. They have silenced their testimony concerning the terrors of the Lord, and no longer ring out the clarion call to repentance. They have made prayer a mocking unreality, and God's revelation a common book. This spreading spirit of Rationalism is withering the enthusiasm of the Church, and drying the fullest springs of her spiritual life. And then, on the other hand, there is a ritualistic spirit abroad, in many cases the natural reaction of Rationalism. The cure of these heresies is to teach all things that Christ has commanded. The message was to be proclaimed on Christ's authority; the message was to be proclaimed for most practical ends. Commandments are observed when they are kept. The teaching was to culminate in obedience; the creed was to mould the conduct. Disobedience opposeth Him who hath all power in heaven and earth. II. A comforting assurance—(1) of unlimited power; (2) of fellowship with the Church. The dignity and perpetuity of that fellow ship was dwelt upon. The preacher con cluded by showing that their commission is ours. Our work is educational. Christ sends us to teach. The Word suggests the unique ness of His method. Moses came with rules and ordinances, demanding measured obedience, and startling the lawless with a curse. And when the schoolmaster's work was done, and the world had grown in a fuller manhood to the liberty of choice, grace and truth came by Jesus Christ, and constrained men by the mightiest motives to yield themselves a living sacrifice to God. The Rev. J. Trewin officiated in the afternoon, and selected Ids text from 1st chap. Nahum, 7th verse. The goodness of God was the first thought dwelt upon. This goodness was un derived and pure. It was seen throughout the world in its adaptation to man's real necessities. Nothing was more powerful than this principle of goodness. The text also declared that God was a stronghold in the day of trouble; the inference was that trouble was mixed up with life. The man who walked nearest to heaven, as well as the man who walked furthest from it, had trouble. The youth had trouble, arising from inexperience; the man from connection with business; the aged from decrepitude. It would seem a great blessing if the experience of the father could be handed down to the son. Then there was the Christian's security; at all times he could find refuge in God. The evening service was conducted by the Rev. T. Allen. His discourse was based on the 16th verse of the 1st chapter of Romans. He remarked that man was here to be educated. On every hand lessons of great importance were presented to him. Rut whatever nature might teach, there were many enquiries which nature could not answer—there were wants which earth could not supply. The Gospel answered the deep enquiries of the human heart. The preacher then went on to say that the Gospel was . lasting in its duration. It was the everlasting Gospel — eternal because it contained the elements of truth, of love, and because of its eternal fitness. Then it is reformatory in its character. It reaches the intellect and enlightens it, it reaches the heart and renews it, and its influence affects the whole character and life. The Gospel is regal in its aim; it seeks to enthrone itself in the heart; it is intended for all—for everv one that believeth; but men must believe it. There is persuasion, but not coercion. Who would be ashamed of such a Gospel? The truest patriots, the wisest philosophers, the sweetest poets were not ashamed of the GospeL Neither the best men on earth nor the highest angels of heaven were ashamed of it. There were good congregations at each service. On Monday afternoon a public tea was held in the Town Hall Exchange Room, followed by a public meeting in Young-street ChapeL The attendances were good, and Mr. T. Richards presided. The Rev. J. Ashton presented a financial statement. The Rev. W. Richards then gave an interesting address. Having ex pressed a deep sense of gratitude at being with them, safely brought through the lights and shades of another eventful year, he spoke of the refreshing meetings they had been holding recently. Afresh baptism of the Holy Spirit had been received by many, and they hoped to return to their labours strong" in the Lord and powerful in His might. It was pleasant to be 1 together; but God had designed that they should be scattered over the country. God Intended that the Church by her influence and teaching should permeate the world. The Rev. Mr. Price dwelt on the necessity of earnestness and personal effort to promote the interests of the Church. The Rev. R. Lang followed on the great object of all their labours— the spread.of pure religion. The religion of the Bible was not simply attending to certain rites, but something which affected a man's habit of thought, which penetrated his whole soul. They did not cease to be men when they became Christians, but Christianity would dignify their manhood, would inspire them with a higher purpose, and warm them with a truer life. No one denomination had the exclu sive honour of working for God, neither did the labour of other Churches render their labours unnecessary. There was much work still to be done, and whilst sin abounded and -darkness lingered on God's beautiful earth they intended diligently to labour and fervently to pray. The Rev. O. _ Lake spoke of the apparent diversity which existed in the Churches, but said there was a real unity which made them one. All discord would one day die out, and all true hearts would be for ever united. A collection was made with satisfactory results, and the meeting closed. The sittings were continued on Tuesday from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m., and a large amount of business was transacted. An enquiry was made into the present number of ministers, members, &c.;, which, were found to be as follows:—Ministers, 22; local preachers, 98; members, 1,619; Sabbath-school teachers, 577; scholars, 3,491; chapels, 81. On Wednesday the list of stations prepared by the Committee was submitted, and, after deliberation, was approved. The preachers are appointed at the following places for the en suing year:—Adelaide, Revs. T. Piper, J. Way, J. Roberts (superannuated); Kooringa, Rev. J. Rock; Gawler, Revs. J. Ashton, R. Lang; Kapunda, Rev. W. Richards; Auburn, Rev. J. Trewin, 0. Lake; Clarendon, and Port Elliot, Rev. S. Keen, C. Tresise; Mount Torrens, Rev. H. Mason; Yankalilla, Rev. J. Foster; Mount Lofty, Rev. J. Ridclift; Bowden, Rev.T. Allen; Biverton, Rev. R. 0. Bandt; Kadina, Rev. J. Hancock and another; Port Augusta, Rev. J. Stoyel; Robe, Rev. T. Hillmau; Mount Gambier, Rev. T.. McNeil; Wellington, Rev. G. Price; Port Wakefield, Rev. J. Dingle. The meeting adjourned at 4 p.m. After the long sittings of the previous day the members were pleased to comply with the invitation of Mr. and Mrs. John Pellew to take tea, and spend a few hours at their residence, Norwood. About 30 had a very pleasant evening together, enjoying the.hospitality of their kind hosts, and* then heartily singing the praises and suppli cating the blessing of the Giver of ail Good. Special reference was made to the serious illness of the Rev. J. Maughan, and fervent prayers were offered for Ms restoration to Ms family aud to the Church, if in harmony with the Divine will. On the following day the report of the Com mittee appointed to examine the young men oh probation was brought forward. It on the I whole was very satisfactory. Grants were made from the Colonial Missionary Fund to the ■ stations which have recently been opened and are not yet self-supporting. Thanks were given to the Rev. J. Way for Ms services as Editor of the Bible Christian Magazine. He was also 1 reappointed Editor and Rook Steward. Several minor matters were attended to, the book was signed by the Chairman, and the sittings were concluded with prayer. 