Clippings from the ' Australasian.' Something almost like a ghost story, but which, nevertheless, seems to be told by a cautious, intelligent observer, has been exciting some attention at Sirathalbyn, and is thus re lated to the Southern Argus, by Mr. W. T. Tregalgaa : — ' Whilst taking a walk very early one morning, through some motive which I cannot account for, I was induced to walk through the burying- ground, and coming to a grave surrounded by a wall, and covered with a slab of slate, I noticed on the slate something strange. It was scarcely light enough to see distinctly at' first, : but after waiting some few minutes I cculd see it plainly, and it appeared to be a side view of a female. I could distinctly trace the head and body and the skirts, apparently full size. Not being satisfied with the sight, I rubbed my hand on the form, and found that a portion of the slate was perfectly dry, whilst the parts outside the form were very wet with the dew which had fallen ; and still not being satisfied, I walked away and came back in about 15 or 20 minutes after, and still tho form was there ; so I determined upon visiting it again next morning, which I did, and continued doing so for a week or more. During this time I only saw the form once after the first morning ; but not being a believer in supernatural ap pearanees, I tried to define the cause, but failed. In the course of a conversation, I told Mr. Morton what I had seen, and he visited the place and saw the form, although not so plain as it was when I saw it. The form was to be seen, and it has since been seen by others. Now, I believe there is souse natural cause which produces this strange appearance, and perhaps some person upon reading this will be able to satisfy the minds of those who have seen it, for although many things have been advanced by people as to the probable cause, none seem satisfactory to my mind and those who have been eye-witnesses of the sight.' Of a similar character is the follow ing extraordinary story, which is given in the Court Journal of' 6th May : — ' All have read, with horror, of the barbarous murder com mitted on a young and extremely well- favored girl— a child one might say — nigh on 17 years old, at Eltham, in Kent. The painful sub ject is referred to in consequence of a very extraordinary circumstance connected with the girl's death. The girl expired at Guy's Hospi tal at nine o'clock on Sunday night. A doctor, a nurse, and a detective policeman were in the room at the time, and they all concur in stating that at the very moment of her decease the face of a man appeared at the window close to the bed .on which the murdered girl lay. This mysterious apparition disappeared as soon as the policeman approached the win dow, which, by the way, is about fifty feet from the ground. Of course there was no one there. There were no means by which the window could be reached from the street save by a ladder, and ladder there was none.' What a pity it is that no many of ' the people' cannot read. If they could, we might recommend for their perusal an article on the Reform Association of New York, which was copied from the Spectator into Tlie Argus of Wednesday last. It might possibly have the effect of opening their eyes to the ends and aims of many who designate themselves the people's friends par excellence — men who are ever proclaiming the irresistible impulse which is compelling them to sacrifice their time and talents in the service of their fellow-citizens. Of course, all the gentlemen who constitute the 'Ring' which governs the city of New York, plundering and oppressing it without mercy, existing only by fraad and corruption, the grace of perjured judges, and the 'knuckle- dusters' of reckless ruffians, are popular repre sentatives. They are the direct creation of universal suffrage. These elect of the sove reign people appear, from the testimony of their own countrymen, to be the very incarna tion of villiany. They use so much of the public money as they do not pocket in main taining themselves and the party in power, and prostitute the civic patronage to the same end. They propose to pass a law virtually legalising personation, relying on their control over the authorities to see that the privilege is only exercised in their favour. If they can manage it, nine-tenths of the education fund will be apportioned to the Catholic schools, as a bribe, to secure the undivided vote of that denomination, and there appears to be no end to their lawlessnes, either present or prospec tive. We would advise the working-men of this country, whenever anyone comes before them, flattering their vanity or endeavouring to mislead their judgment, to remember the New Yoik Ring, to learn from it how demo cratic institutions may be perverted to private ends. They may depend upon it, that when ever a man is found gushing over with admira tion and affection for the working-classes, and is anxious to impress on them that they are the sole depositories of intelligence and virtue, he has some design on their pockets, either directly or indirectly, and. in process of time. if opportunity should offer, will use their own money to subvert their liberties.' Better to live under an autocratic government even than, as in New York, be forced to pay a set of thieves to oppress yon. . . j A vigorous description of some woman that is wanted is thus given in the terse language of the Police Gazette : — ' Emily Robinao^ alias Taylor alicu The Flying Engine, iB charged, on warrant, .with vagranoy, by jhp Avenel Bench. English (the calling is here given but we omit it), 35 years of age, 5 feet 5 or 6 inches high, slender built, brown hair, face, blotched and bloated from drink, ap parently from her conversation, to have been, well-educated. She i#notorious, when es:-. cited, for knocking people, over the heail .with the first 'weapon she can pick np^ Gone to Seymour or Kilinore, amongst the men work ing on the railway.' 