OUR GIRLS-WHERE ARE THEY? "Teach the young women that they may be discrect." THE fashion now-a-days in to come down heavily upon the conceits and friv[?]ities of the time. The Saturday Betieto hat beeftv^nj . ing in this style of writing for some time/Vj not without good results. We have now an Australian contemporary in the tame line, the Journal of Education, which says :— Mr. Spurgeon is reported to hare observed once on ruing to commence service, "I have >been asked to say a few words about ladies' bonnets, but upon my word I do not see any." Pretty much in the same apirit we have been asked to say a few words about girls, but really we see very few at present although it is not hard to discover "young ladies." and old children professing to comport themselves as fashionable women. "We hare very few wo men now-a-days," said a friend lately; "they all claim to be ladies—without Tery well com prehending the original import or compass of the term. Let any thoughtful person look around and he will probably ask himself the question— Whither are our young females drifting P Many of the number appear to avoid every thing really useful to society, and take up with that which is superficial, useless, or mischievous. Their thoughts appear to run upon outer dress, pernicious reading, tattle, waste of time, and idleness; but examine into their knowledge of domestic duties, sewi g, plain cooking, making useful garments, keeping a household neat, or even attiring themselves rationally, and they are immediately lost. All that is homely and! of real utility it shunned as vulgar, and con sidered unladylike. When these girls grow up to womanhood, are their habits improved P Are they fitted to become good wives and devoted mothers P They have seme ideas of dress, and they know how to waste and misapply life. Should one of them marry, for what is the fit P To spend all the money she can command, regardless of how it may be obtained, The energies of her hus band are taxed to the utmost in order to keep out of embarrassment, and probably he is driven into insolvency, or a prison. Nor is this ■"Vi??.1? hM bw>D| from the out>ek of hii wedded life, no home comfort. Having had no real domestic training, this young wife is not attached to her home; she spends her time in visiting, or in place* of amusement, but her home is the last thing studied. It is comfort less in the extreme; the children, if unfortu nately there be any, are neglected; the hus band s meals are badly prepared, perhaps he is consigned to the care of an ignorant or un interested servant, and can hardly be said to have a home. His former companions of course see this, and they resolve to avoid such women —" when they marry." When any forecasting yonng man looks abroad upon females of this class when seeking a wife, he says mentally, "This i« an attractive young lady ; she dances well and plays passably well, and possibly, were she not a slave to fashion and extravagant in her tastes, might know how to attire herself and prove an agree able companioa. But I am afraid to address her—she is evidently accustomed to a style of living far beyond my means, and as she knows nothing of household management, we should be at the mercy of servants. Her family, lam told, live at the rate of £350 per annum, though they have only £250 to depend upon, and this will never do for me who cannot reckon upon more than £200 annually with certainty. I must give up all thought of marriage. Among the. mass in the world I may perhaps meet with some rational girl who will sympathise with me in my abhorrence of this artificial life; but meanwhile I must wait for better times." The folly of this young lady, or perhaps, to speak more correctly, her misfortune, the misfortune of her education, has lost her an excellent husband. He, poor fellow, is regarded by the world as having antiquated notions, because, following the principles instilled into him in youth, he is resolved to live uprightly. Why is the domestic training of girls neg lected? Why are they not taught habits of care and good management? Is economy a disgrace P Is it not better to live within an income than to live beyond it P Why should household duties be thought to degrade those who understand them P How can any female supervise or direct servants who doe* not her eelf comprehend domestio duties thoroughly ? In the olden timo females of the highest rank were required to laarn all the details of house keeping ; nor were they thought fit to be en trusted with households of their own until they had gained this knowledge by actual experi ence. This feature in some of the best homes of Britain is by no means uncommon in the present day. A proper degree of pride is the secret of in dependence. Better live on your own exer tions than encumber others. Why should there be a repugnance to useful employment, even if it does soil the hands P Half of those pressing for employment as apprentice teachers are not wanted, and cannot be disposed of; comparatively few will make gx>d intructors, though they might be usefully employed in household work. How many of those engaged as sempstresses would be healthier, more useful, better paid, and more independent, if engaged in domestio duties. And how many of the children of the humbler olassee would be better in respect able service than idling, or encumbering their parents at home? We should like to see these questions calmly weighed. How many of the joung persons we daily meet when they do marry make good wives, domesticated com panions, contested husbands, and happy homes ? What training have they received to enable them to do this, or to enable them to withstand the tide of wastefulness and bad management of which the poor man so often complains? If the Empress of Serendib, with millions at her disposal, chooses to have new dresses every week, is this any reason why the wife of an artisan or clerk, with perhaps only £20 to spare annually, should follow her example ? If one is careful, lives within his income, tries to save a little against an adverse day and shield bis family at bis death from the pain of having to beg con tributions, he is culled mean, stingy,, and what not. If, however, he is profuse of his own and that of others, no matter how obtained or what embarrassment he causes to his family, oh! be is a generous, gooJ-heartrd fellow. Such is the world. Lkt us do the work of men an J of Christiana. And this is the thing proper to Christian men, " in everything to give Qod thanks," and to say as Darid did, " My praise shall be continually of Thee." There te no estate into which we cum come but we ni*y and ought to say, "O giro thanks unto the Lord for he is gracious, and his mercy endureih for ever." . , . Let us thank him, therefore in all estates, for the kuowledgo of Himself, for all his wonderful works of wisdom and goodness, for Hit love to us in Hi* Son, for ilia promise that Ha will never leave us or forsake as, for the hope of eternal life, for the comfort of the Holy Ghost, for all His spiritual and temporal blessings, which he continually poureth upon as. And let us not lose the pleasure of meditating upon all these merciej, by fattening our thoughts only on the bodily calamities, which may be upon u». 