LOCAL NEWS. EngmshUnd Acstbawan Coppbr Company. —The annual report of the English and; Austra lian Copper Company, alter entering on a lontj detail of its proceedings, says: — 'The. board . having in view the altered tod favourable con-' dition of the company, affected by the comple tion of the railway from Adelaide to the Burra ; ths re-opening of the JBurra-Burra Mine itaelf .; the completion of the company's wharf at Fort Adelaide ; and the erection oi Bmelting workB at the mouth of the coalpits in New South Wales, have considered this a fitting time to. review the position of : the company, and to fix the valuation of their property upon such a basis as should1 continue undisturbed. They, therefore, instructed their manager at Adelaide to prooure from Mr. RichardBon a new and careful valuation of the company's real property ; and to revalue all the movable assets whioh time and altered circumstances had considerably affectod. This has been done, and the directors are thereby enabled to present the accounts in a simplified and improved form. They -have also been en ? abled to adjust the item of estimated deprecia tion of teams, &o.;, heldiu suspense in last yearns accounts, and to reduce the old balance at dobit of profit and loss to £1418 10a., which has been written olf tho reserve fund. ?; The reserve fund now stands at £5471, ' secured by copper war rants. ' The profit and loas account for tho year 1st July, 18G9, to 30th June, 1870, Bhowa a balance at the credit of £344 19a. The directors regret that the result of the year's operations does not, on thi3 occasion, admit tho payment of a |dividend. Had only tho price of copper in England and India ruling at the commencement of: ladt year been maintained, thia desirable re sult would have been secured ; but the war pre vented this, and, at one period of the year, forced the. price down to the lowest point ever known in the history of copper. A reaction has since taken place, which will be strengthened whon peace is declared aud Continental busiueaa again resumed — an improvement which will favourably affect tho stock in hand and opera tions of the current year.' — Mail News. Embezzlement uy the Accountant and Tbllek of the Buanuu Bakk. of N.S.W. at Tam worth. — On Tuesday evening, P. llobertsou was given into custody for embezzling moneys belonging to the abovenamed bank. On Wed nesday the case came on for hearing, and Robert son was 'arraigned before police magistrate Mr. Irving, charged by the manager, Mr. Cochrano, with having embezzled moneys, the property of the bank, amounting to about £215, to which Robertson pleaded guilty. Mr. Smith appeared on behalf of the bank, aud Mr. Wallace watched the caae for defeudaut. The case waa couductec with closed doorn. Robertson was committed to take his trial ; bail tendered and accepted. Ah effort is about to be made to procure the ad journment of the caso to Maitlaud. Further particulars will be forwarded in due course. The course pursued by the accused, according to rumour, was tho tearing up of receipts for moneys »j:a v-y depositors, the private jnqmo of such payments having oeen round in Ins desk. ; Rowing Cluu. — A meeting of the Newcastle Rowing Club was held on Friday evening at Mr. Ollill'e's Hotel, when the report of tho pasc quar ter's proceedings was read and adopted. The Secretary having tendered his resignation, the aaino buing pressed, was accepted, aud a vote of thanks for his g/reat perauverance was accorded. The .unanimous election of Mr. Grainger as his successor followed. It is with great pleasure we notice the rapid growth of thia Club. ; Theatre Royal.— Tho re-opening of this house on Saturday night,' under the new man agement and lesseeship of Mr. J. F. West, was a great success. Considering the inclement state of the weather, tho attendance was larger than could have been expected, and we have no doubt tljut a bright season is in '8t»re:f6r Mr. West. The pieces performed were well put ou the Btage and commanded great applause. Iu the first piece, li. The Lawless Witness,' Mr. Weat enacted the character of' 'Jem, -the Dodger,' quite to life, and Mrs.WeBt, as 'Marion Woodbine,' proved herself 'to be an acquisition to our local theatre. The other portion of the cast was also well filled. A musical interlude fellowed, in which some ex cellent Bongs and dances were given. The per formance concluded with the farce Handy Andy, id which Mr. and Mrs. West kept the house in ^roara of laughter. To-night, the drama, 'Aurora Floyd,' is to bo performed, and tho screaming farce Barney the Baron. ? ' . j The Hussky Minstkels.— On Saturday night the largo hall of the School of Arts was well tilled to witness another of the excellent per formauces of thia troupe. The first part was gone through in a manner that afforded a treat to all jovers of Ethiopian minstrelsy. After a short intennisiion, Mr. Hussey gave the song and djan.cei 'The Big Sunflower/ whioh caiiBod such1 irum'enaa applause that he had to reappear, when he gave with equal success, 'Lovd amongst the l.oses.' Mr. Husaey also created quite a furore iu 'Fetor Gray's Legend.' Miss Blanche Clif ton's national songs were repeated and highly a pplauded. Mr. Max Meritzic is certainly one jj . the best cornet players we have heard for a long time ; he played a solo with variations, and received a hearty encore. The concluding piece was LIuBsey's farco, 'A Ghost in a Pawnshop,' which caused many aides to split with laughter. Ilast night was well and fashionably attended, and a groat change was effected in the pro gramme. Tomorrow night is for the benefit of . Mr. Hussey, aud the last appearance j The Championship.— An advertisement ap pears in the S. M. Herald of tho 15th instant, from Michael Rush, stating that having arrived from the Clarence River to accept W. Hickey's challenge, and aB Hiokey declines to enter into negotiations, he announces himself as the 'f Champion of Port Jackson,' and is open to row any man in Australia in any class of boats, for £100 or upwards. j Tup. Vigilance Committee. — Tho meeting of the mombers of the Vigilance Committee, called for eight o'clock yesterday evening, by. the hon. secretary, pro tern., tit. Thomas Adam, did not come oil'. Our reporter was in attendance, but after waiting about for some considerable time, and being unable to obtain any information of a decisive character, as to the why or the where fore, retired. District Court Fees. — Sir James Martin laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly, yesterday afternoon, an amended schedule of District Court .fees,, whioh are .to be oharged ;n; lieu/of -those laid before Parlia ment abotrt' the lfth or 15th of February last. The schedule la as follows : — Court fees —for filing every plaint, issuing summons, and other proceedings to judgment — in cases not exceeding £100, £1, in lietf :of i*l 5f. In all other cases, except thoso; tried, by 'opn»ent, under section 9, of Distriot Courts Act of 1858, £1, in lieu of £2. In all cases tried by consent, under section 9, of District Courts Act of 1858, £1 in lieu of £3. For everj. appointment to ;tax in* oases not exoe|ding £j),-.tho feeSpf 2s. «K to be' qmitted? In such cases* not exceeding £10) the' fee of 2s. Cd. to be omitted.— 8. M. Herald, ApcU 13. Novel Wedding ? Ou Sunday last a youthful couplo passed through Musclobrook, and their appearance was so ' colonial' Us to excite somo commont. They had ovidontly boon 'turned otT ' that morning. Tho youth appeared to bo about 17, and tho maiden 10. Ho carried, strapped in front of him, his swag and tho fair damsel's apparel, hor hat with her bridal veil being held rather; ostentatiously in his hand ; she had tho mystorious bundle, so dear to ladies, strapped to her saddlo, and thev were both evidently bound for a honeymoon,' and doubt less will ere long, he to gully raking or Bhepherd ing, she to prepare damper and tea for her youthful lord and master.— Cqurier. . Newcastle Artillery.— Night after, night the bugle sounds ' the assembly,' summoning the members of this corps to drill, thereby show ing that great attention is being paid to have tho force perfect bv the next inspection. There- is no knowing how soon our volunteers may be called into action, and it is therefore almost im perative that each member should. be ready when called upon for duty.; ' Arrangements have been made to have carbine drill on.Tues'day and Wed nesday evenings, at eight o'clock, special parado for garrison gnu drill on Thursday and Friday, at four p.m., in undross, and on Saturday, 'at' three p.m., the half-yearly inspection will take place, full dress with .carbines. . . ^';, ,, 