i ? | Drawing the Portraits of Spirits. (From the London Daily News.) Op spirit-rappings th ? wonder-seeking world had grown rather tired. Something new was demanded, and at length, after years of incubation, tho ' medium*' have been taught to draw by the spirits. MiBB Houghton appears to have become an expert in ih£ art, and a -most industrious worker of t-h(!&G; miracles of free-hand drawing and spectrum-like oolonnng ene must be to have executed the collection of more than 160 drawings, which mat* be seen at the New British Gallery in Bond street. Perhaps if the reader were to imagine such a thing as an accurate copy of coloured and whito Borlin wools, all tangled together in a flattened mass, framed and hung round a gallery, some idea could be formed the appearance of this most strange ex- ; lubition. If we look into one of these, we ' shall see probably that the drawing has been begun i »y blotting upon the damp paper broad swoops of strong, positive colours -red, blue, and yellow— wHch blend into one another at the edges, and take fantastic forma across the paper. Upon this tho Spiritual artist seems to have worked with a reed Sen or fine brush, in all sorts of colours, in curved nes generally arising irora some point, and radia ting into more open spaces, and frequently ending in involuted lines something like the work of bar baric ornament. The fini Thing lines are appar ently given by using opaque white — which, by tho 18 not named in the list of colours given — S«L maj*n£ curved lines, sometimes varied by dots and lace- like spots all over the other colours. Thus these curved-line drawings, in which 'eyes ' are often seen indistinctly BUOWn by concentrating the lines in one spot, present Jho appearance we have suggested, of tangled (breads of coloured wools. The 'eyes' are an important feature in the style, and we believe Mrs. wiltanson, who is mentioned by Miss Houghton as the first inventor of spirit drawings, finds ' eve ' in every part oi her work. Mixing up the mys wnes of religion and Scripture with her thauma rargy. Miss Houghton presents us with a series of eyes of the Lard,' to each of which the catalogue fiirmsheB a quotation from i-cripture. Two oi tne drawings are supposed to represent ' the spiritual crowns^ of her Majesty the Queen and nis Royal Highness tho late Prince Consort.' „ A 6t™ng sense of justice (represented bv burnt nmDer) is worked into both crowns ; in the Prince's it is woven into the external part, implying that it u the result ef head-work— that is, reasoning and the sense of right; in the Queen's it is the i..uer part, demonstratingthat it ariBea fro-u an impulse of tne heart. In the upper part of thiB drawing we are asked to perceive '-the world symbolized,' which cwfn V^preted. ,oy tlle dialogue, means that »°r£ hoidB in her handB 'the third dis pensation. But Mus Uonghton has also paintc-d cwn ®pmhiiil crown, which to tho uneducated vision appears like those awful cases filled with all kinds of morbid growths as seen in the museums or in an aquarium of deep-sea polyps and other strange shapes rarely seen by mortal ? ye. One drawing represents 'The Hand of the Holy Ghost,' and in this we can detect in the fibrous mess of threads of every colour and contortion four or five flabby fingers. ' The Holy Trinity' is made manifest through the three colours : yellow, Faith, God the Father; blue, Hope, God the Son; red, Charity, God the Holy Ghost ; each symbol being composed of the three colours. Another favourite conception of these spirit designers is that their hand, under the guidance of some friendly spirit appealed to will draw a spiritual flower or fruit. Thus we have shown to us by Mips Houghton the flower of his Bo}al HighnesB the late Prince Consort, of Men delssohn, of Murillo, of the Trinity, and of Shake speare. This best is a sort of dropsical fuchsia blos som, being bright orimson, with tbe letters W. S. vaguely shadowed forth in the background, with the peculiar thready work which seems to form the staple of the spirit artist. ThiB work, however, in curved lines ot curious regularity, is obviously done in obedience to a certain ornamental arrangement, such as is admitted and UBed by designers ; and it must be evident that Miss Houghton has had some considerable education in drawing curves before she took np with her spirit teacher. We quote this much in explanation of the flowers and fruits : — ' Simultaneously with the birth of a child into the earth-life a flower springs up in spirit realms, which grows day by day in conformity with tbe infant's awakening powers, until by degrees the ohaiacter and life etends revealed in the floral emblem.' ' The fruit, which corresponds to the earthly term of the heart, represents the inner life with its passionB, sentiments, and affections, and is covered with minute fibres indicating thoughts. As the individual makes any new acquaintance and friends red lines and filaments spring forth.' Cer tain colours are used to express sentiments ; thus gamboge meanB faith ; carmine, tenderness ; mixed gTeen, earthly hopes and freshness of soul ; Chinese orange, unselfishness ; burnt carmine, steadfastness ; mixed violet, religious fervour. ' Adjustiveness of mind' is indicated by brown madder ; ' attractive ness' by bistre ; and 'nursing powers' by sepia. It appears that the course of training to be gone through is by no means a light one. Miss Houghton says that ' for three months mamma and I sat for an hour each evening at a em ill table with our handB resting lightly on it, and at the expira tion of that period we were rewarded for our patience by the table being gently tipped toward me, and having messages thus given to us by means of the alphabet We were then told by the spirit that we mast not rush headlong into this new joy.' The spirits were then entreated to let a deceased sister or brothor guide her hand ; but this could not be, and in the end tho spirit of a deaf and dumb artist, one Henry Lonny, became the first teacher This was in 1861, so that the drawings which are now exhibited represent the work of ten years of this lady's life, and they deserve w- be seen as a most extraordinary and instructive example of artistic aberration. 