n the namne ofcqmnion'sene,±I askj whatI the world. coming,.tou! ?etwee:n Fisher,, the 3m, wading lessiah, "oflwhomeso, inueh has ibeenak lately, his opLonent and rival?t , Flemie ingtm, a the Sandhurst;gentleman who predicts acometin Norember.of, the present year, 1871: :The diameter of the said comet is stated to.be abe t 21;000 miles, and supposing it to be gaseous, the result wotilabe that the earth wonld-be-enveloped'toi an extnt of 6,400;miles,i or. more than?/three-fourths: ,bf lir diameter; the consequence would be instantdeath to man, beast, and allivegetable lifdes at lprent existijig. I ask in' the face of :all "th, e, and even more, is Father Tune's wminged chr at tandsuill, or instead of. driving, on .i lie driing ik r he old oages, Great flouslaere pre dicted; fearful wasre' seen gloomiing inth'edis tance, that great.andlumemorabiei d aywlihei that dread t nmpetshall soiiid and ithi e 91 sil ot o.f their grvcs., a. th ,wor'ld ai.? s Ibe, • sumod Writh fire, it is:stated,lis. at. hand ; and I don't .knowtlhowun any-uother great ;things are propliesied and have been foretold: ieri ince can rememlier, bnt have not icome to iss yet. 1edly the way some people allow themnelses to be dpenl -I say dui d l.ecase Ie can't find, a .more appro priate term-bywhat I call a lot of 'harpers is al most incredible l It only servems as untlier is stance to sh6 hoLdw low the pibia taste sIt al soine nos idea, iand he willu never: lank _a ;ose -yes, and vYpa arnlrnt bolieveoas Tell any~ r ' .ling annfooliatk alritiualiam yarn ;or gbhot:tt o sard yu ajwildfiulut'idBfficuly ni -t iii$ b re ~ ~ ile U o the bait Ltleisit aware, or little docsit care f the cunningly'-derided mesas that are practised entrap it, but greedily, without examining the sub stance very cautiously, swallows it, and when o lte tinds itself a prey to thefiseri- nmn. p" 1 By-thle-bye talking" about ghosts, what a pro- le minence these 'ihantoms of the air have taken cbl lately in the papers ! I don't profec to be (to use a common expression) afnaid 'f Foy tire, nor?i? wa I own a timid temneraineni t for auinJiviidiaat my, C03 advancrd stage 'of life'biut still it is not at all pleasant when you're sitting'aloine at dead hboiur f Th night -w y nind or ten o'clock' -ti fancy that unlimited qiiti ty of burning hlot stones na- ull pebles find their way to one's' head and fa? e ?a without previously giving notise, an, iwhen apply ing to your pocket for a bandkerchief to find it cut in long shreds that 'would twice or thrirh aw times out-number the tails to a s;soui-'ste as strap. Nor is it desirable that' `hen, 'after'thb day's work, a person'retires to his vlrt;ldns coue I and no sooner does he shot his eyes tha'n he sees a monstrous cat with a fice like that of one dof ur celestial friends. I noticed an 'accoiunt in one'if I' the Melbourne papers a short time ago of a giost that inhabited a hut iup- couniitry where sdome' hay was kept.- A person dethrmineid to go and se, if he could fathom the mysteiy, ad'le thedrefore re- ei paired to the hauntled hut. Onopening tihe d up he f und the hay was animdated, and:i on making a search found- two runaway sailors hiding their. in ' We vreryoftien hear of womedn Aq'ittiig; them- l selves in a way that is creditable to' them for theft as good sense, coolness,' ianid preciuic. Ase, thie fol lowing, which" exts?ht from the Aged. and .was ha taken by thatl paper from t'he "BaUlla~dint i iing hi Mail, is a 'good example, I .canniot: refrain from giving it:--" One day last' week;'a gentleman in hii Ballarat; on 'his return fruin busiiies 'to hiisdo- in mestic roof, rquoested hisl wif ? to 'pt 'himni o a few things,' as he had in the interests of a m ginin w company to proceed by the night mail train''to Metlburne,: and. would, if all went eitll, e b.e1 de again . by the following eveiing's ti'aii: Durin the linahbing of his ovrercoat a letter fell fronii the pIockets, and the maid a: once gave it" to ber rin? a tress.. The note was aldressed t" 'Mr. '?'th~ husband,'in a delicte female hand, arind in'-O h corunr of the envelope were' the wiords, ? r?,ivatl p and confidential.' The 'wife's sunspicions "were, h aroused, and the note was opdned.' What Tl co? . cl tained we need not say. ' Stfire it to recrd that i the husband said ' good night' and left in a cal, as he said, for the station. At nino o'clock a ad~y t closely veiled was seen walking up 'and dowin in front of the hospital." A gentleman approached b and saluted the lady, "You must pardon mynn? ? liunctuality,'.he began, ' but- I had somie difficlltyi in getting away froni home ;as it is, I had to do r ceive my wife.' . Oh; that don't ?matter muc, its .o seems,' : replied a :well-known .voice,' *but -i-' ' sWhat the--i ' Don't swear, W- ;,' replile the lady, h but come home with your wife.'?'- ? •My blatk.. luck' again.:; I attended the enter tainuent. given, on, Tuesday i euing last at the y Williamst'wn Mechanies'. Institute, and was evens sanguine enough to think that I' had half a chancei d to get that colleetion.of Sir Walter, Scott's poems.] W hy, 1-actuallytook my wife and all my children (making in the aggregate,a total of eight)' and got, a ticket, for each one,. although e three -of .the children could have.been passed free- and:yet'I did I not get it.. LImight' have' known that ? I.:would haveno .chance, still;? did not.,:-Trusting tod the uuicertainty of things, I determined to try my luck once more.,, Of the concert it muatbe said :that it was, as far as I am concerned, ratheran: igreeable iisappomntment, for it,went off.remarkably well. I Bu .oh, that wheel of fortune, it's; a very fickle affair. Towards the close of the concert my heart began to beat quickly ; insfatc almost seemed:to 1 want to make a boud out at;my mouth: I had I collected the tickets ..from ,my. wifoeand family I shortly after entering the ,hall, andc put them into my breast pocket, and to make sure. that :they re mained tlbere, I.kept feiling for them and counting thei every fie minutes. ,,Thelongest nitghtwill end some time. All this tiune with me .was night, for there'was a dark cloud overhangingime alithe while. huntil at last ithe wheel oflfot.ne. madeits appearance on thepaitfomf, "The sight of;the ball \--for it was very ntatly decorated with bannerets, Slwariongbte names of some of Scott's best poems to"getbcr with the sining and reading if: some of fhis' wiorks' quiti inspired me, and having, I am al m :t ashamed 'tosay, never read this great author's works, I had fully made up my, mind, if suceassful, toi make nioeilf familiar with them. Iarranged all my tickets iii order and anxiously waited the result; like' a ;pramer who.. is committed for mitrtler waking to hear the decisionof.the jury A t lasti the numsber of the lucky.ticket was made known: I h riedly glanced along the line I had foriied with ml tickets, but, to my utter; dismay, fouind that the number given did not agree with any of the cords IT as possessor of. I.forthwith I flung theim oin' the floor and, accompaniedbymy better half anid ulisdren, left the meeting. My wife says I setted mnost emphatically on leaving n theromini that I wmidi never try my luck with one of these great ucertainties again. I do not remem beie having i?ed suchi expressions; but sinceshe is so clra odn the matter, I'll give in., I am not, how ever, so blad as agreat many who shared.a similar ate'to mirle."' de't quiti, go so far as to say hat it 'tae all a awinmle, nor woudil any one of bhem have said soif Le pr she had been the lucky . :,eraon:"- .." .l ' ` _1 beg yoni.will never.?poakof'onmeemithei'g$boorf " S'ad"L': Onelalf y . i f.lyour reunest "llcst'mhie no "''i7il 