I i ADELAIDE MAIL; (To the Editor of THE NORTHERN ABGPS.) Sib-la an article on a Farreii's Flat wail service, which lately appeared in jour valuable paper, you say that some persons have proposed that " Sevenhill might fairly be made the ter minus of the line" of communication already existing between Adelaide and " the numerous and important townships situated on the Nonh road, between Riverton and Clare." You say that six miles should be knocked off from this end of the mail we now have, to make up for the expense of the twelve miles service which is asked for between Clare and FaireH's Flat. Truly genetoue, indeed! Isn't H.U, mail 10 dash, with the resplendency of Cobb &Co.;'s red paint, past the door of my bumb'e mansion ? Is Donnybrook to be no longeron a mail road ? Seriously, though, if the proposal were crankily adopted, if I wanted to write to Seven hi)), I'enwortham, or Auburn, I should have to pott my letter in Clare, wait till it was sent to Far rell's Flat, to fiiverton, and theace to either of the places I have mentioned above. At present I csn aetri a letter to Waterrale by the mail in fronr an hour or an hour and a half; but if the coach from River ton made its ter minus at Stfrenhill, it would be three times as to do the same thing by liie other route. Clare muet hare the quickest attainable com munication with the metropolis, but for that purpose she need not sacrifice conveniences she has in the way of mails with the southern townB between her habitat and Rirerton. Hare you seen the ghost of " Pasquin," or have you been imbibing u Punch," that you mention each a proposition as that I bare | r<Jierre«l to. I .. DONNTBBOOK. [Our correspondent need not " rend bis gar ments" about a matter which, as we stated in the article he refers to, is not at aU likely to be settled in the way suggested by the persona we quoted from. At the time we quoted the said suggestion we plainly stated it to be an exces sively foolish one; but it is go better nor worse than one might expect.-ED. 