IN RE. RABBITS AND STRYCHNINE. | TO THE "GHOST AT LOWEST PARK." Dear Sir (Excuse the familiarity), I have read with attention your communication in The Mercury of 29th, particularly that portion where you write " There is still room to ponder over the work Providence has directed these innocent I little creatures to perform, when you suddenly run along miles of wire and post and rail fencing put up by the proprietors ;" and do not return and endeavour to show that it is Provi- dence that set those " innocent little creatures" to work. Herodotus in relating the adventures of a great hero says of his being said to cross a certain strait by " divine influence," but that he thinks he had a boat. So is it not rather rash to assume that Providence has instructed them to turn the country upside down ? May it not be that we, in our idea of improving on Provi- dence by introducing those " little innocents," have caused the evil ? But, my dear Mr. Ghost, I too have pondered whether their work might not be for ultimate good, whether their burrowing would be a subsoiling. But no, they only burrow in sandy soil, only bringing up a poorer sand, so that instead of being beneficial they are injurious. So I pondered again that, as there are more than can be consumed for food, they would ultimately most benefit the land by being used with soil to make manure, and so utilize- their "phosphates." There is another theory, held by some who look upon the unfortunate Midlanders as rather more noxious than the rabbits, that they resent by Providence to starve 1 out the former, so as they would have little flesh left on them their phosphates ' might be available, after going through Ditcham and Button's mill is however, this is a theory only hold by those of very advanced views," but if " the order is not to exterminate the Mid- : landers, but the rabbits, I will, my dear Mr. Ghost', as you seem to have rather hazy ideas on the subject " insects" (as the Irish say as to mine. You must know that when out a caravanning ' I see and learn many things which escape over | the notice of my friend "Johnny Widoawako," so being out in the dusk the other evening, I saw an old buck rabbit smoking his pipe at the mouth of his hole. " Evening, Tom," says he " good evening, Mr. Tuft'Old Buck," I said. (I know him and thought best to be civil as they look upon me as a sort of a gamekeeper in these parts, and I might get a back handed blow if I did not keep a sharp look out). " How are you all getting on ?" " Only middling says he, everything's dried up, and me and the young uns has hard work to scratch a liven". " Have you many," i I said, Mr. T.?" "Well," says he, "I can't counted one lately, should think there are some two hundred," when I heard a shrill voice from behind him from the hole, crying " Now, Tuft", don't you be telling Mr. Tom lies, you know I've only as many as a decent rabbit should have," says Fifty ; " if there are any more they belong to those young mines. in the scrub, you are always running after." He winked at me and said, " Well, never mind, Missus, anyhow there's more mouths than grass, we have to eat the boots ! The swells about here is getting so uncommon particular they're a pain all in, they won't let a poor man live." " Why Mr. Tuff,"Isaid, " that's j list what they say of you, and that you are literally eating them out of house and home, and it's either your life or their it's war to the knife." "Yes, the murderous villains," says he, "one proposes a ' Fmnigatin Bellows ' another an 1 Exhauitin Pump' 2 and (now they're all going in for strychnine-poisoning of the apples and plums." I said, " Well, Mr. Oldbuck, I don't wonder at them. If we had increased at the rate you have done, they would have been down upon us ; you have quite disregarded ' Malthus' and his theory of population, and gone on increasing at such a reckless rate, ignoring ' moral restraint,' that I do not wonder at their adopt- ing any means to get rid of you. Had you kept your families within moderate numbers, they would have been glad to see you running about with your tails cocked up." Now, my dear Mr. Ghost, there is a deal of rot talked about as to the rabbits and how to get rid of them. As to the "fair haired children of the wilds," they most likely had no milk for their tea on account of these same rabbits. In this dry climate no mangolds, no milk and no mangolds can grow unless paled in and stoned up from these "innocent little creatures." It's not only the "fair haired children of the words" but also the dark haired ones that are suffering. Hast thou, Mr' sentimentalist hadst thy early and later salad eaten ; thy garden beds destroyed by these vermin, thy _ mangolds grubbed, and seen thy cows looking mournfully at the bare pastures, thou wouldst be inclined to use strychnine, or anything that might abate the plague A word as to strychnine." I can assure you, Mr. Ghost, the rabbits will take food in bed with it. To give a fact. My friend Johnny Widoaivako had just sown a field near a river which was much infested with the cook or native lion. He stooped a quart of wheat in blue- stone water and dusted it over with about 60 grains of strychnine (all he had), and sowed it in a line along the edge of the field ; next morning he found him, not any costs, but 8 rabbits dead as Moses along the line where the corn was sown. As the quantity of strychnine taken by each rabbit is so infinitesimal it does not injure the flesh of the rabbit for food, on the contrary, it improves it, giving an agreeable piquancy or " gout" and tenderness to it. I can assure you that I and Mrs. Tom breakfasted off a portion and much enjoyed it. It is well-known that the Cafes kill their fowls with poisoned arrows in order to make them tender so that they can be cooked at once and does not Humboldt relate in his travels in Central America how the cacique Cocory used each morning to place his wives with their faces to a wall, and the one who projected, out the most boland received the poisoned puff dart, and the good old cacique assured Humboldt that he always found her tender for dinner ? Now, Mr. Ghost, just a word (though I fear I am exhausting your patience). If it is desired to abate this terrible pest all means must be taken, like the old instructions to privateers, to sink, burn, kill, and destroy, such as smoking, stopping, poisoning, carried;; out to eradicate them you must introduce a natural enemy, who will be working while you are sleeping, and that is the " weasel." I Now, Mr. Ghost, I am an old tom cat, and am above jealousy. I will work with them. I do not fear their competition, there will always be enough left for me and Mrs. T. But repeat the infamous tom cat clause in the "Native Game Act, and recognise me as a a brother, and let pop goes the weasel and sure as there are " snakes in Virginny" we'll make a clearance. Continue to receive the assurance, etc., MIDLAND TOM. Midianton, 1st April, 1871. 