"Tj NEW YORK. ! < , j 1 ' '.' f.tr.llUUl'JV .it; '.HI, :i . » v «.» . » I., ., \- - Manhattan Islnnd, on which New( York is " bnfl'r,is a long. strip thirteen/and a' half .miles in-lengthj with' an average breadth of f..;a0in,i|e;and;a :hnlf. - ;l'he whole area isabeut t'wenty-tivo square miles. ' The Hudson .River, -separates : the western shore of the " island from the mainland, on which stands "'-Jersey City: On the other side of the island is East River, dividing it, or ruther connect ing it, with Long Island, on which Brooklyn ' stands; Between New York and Brooklyn ferry boats maintain constant communication, ;; the boats running to' and frq day and night. ;Erjpni'ithe: ;SoutbernCextreiiiity; at Battery Point the, city of Neiv 'Y'ork is cdraijactly built: for- about six ! utiles.: ' From : the' east side " the buildings reach irregularly four !;niiles liirtber to Harletn. - On tlie otber.side, G 'beyond the Sixtietb Street-, the buildings are ,. less continuous, >runniug: into the scattered suburban residences; of Manhattan ville and Wiisbington Heights. The Central Park occupies a large space in the midst of the '.island. ./It. is; any thing but central with- re gard to tlie busy pntt ,qf the, city, nor is .it i likely that the nort hern end of the isltind will ever , be 'densely peopled, like -the' southern utsinct; juong peioro reacuing iue pars, -ins cityphasa;siraggling,iunfinishedUobk. The streets are laid out, indeed, beyond the hunr | dredund !fi.ftieth but Svith intervals of un- ' occupfbd'aiid spursoly-built ground. Here and there, i;'-:between :' blooks ;> of imposing houses, are groups of. rough wooden .hatSj !1':(vher'e:' Irish' squatters! herd with their pigs and poultry. Tbese.huis are. perched on the \- bare rook, 'twIiibh-'-'orop's up'-'to tlie-surlace ..in many places even below the Central Park; T had, been, advised .to -go tp the Metropolitan s.ot6l,Uh.'Broadway, (is being tv thoroughly Amerioqn .house. Eater, ing my; name/in a 'book al; Ihe office, "and securing a room, I went out for my first'stroll id New York till t my, baggage, arrived., . Broadway is like, no 'other street in the world, and, taken; aL \- together, it is perhaps the finest. Thackeray saidso,jind most travellers will agreed with him. The lower part, from the Battery and the Bowling Green to the Park at the City Hall, is thronged .with business life; Above '' Canal-street, there is a succession' of splendid shops, huge hotels, and other public build-, ings, mure imposing than any one London (,street. can show for the same distance. Above Tenth Street the ladies'' shopping-ground begins, the roadway filled with .carriages' andithe .navements crowded with promena-; dors. For these three miles, .Broadway .is a ' 'scene of ceaseless excitement.: The number of omnibuses is very large.- - From the hotel: window'I often noted the traffic, and neveri countea Jess tnan rive omniouses pass .in -a ' minute,. generally- twice as many. > There is; :at perpetual : procession; > of them, / moving! ! slowly up and down j and, by the , way, ' on i \- different sides from ours, lm America, as in France, the rule of the road is to pass on the! left, "not on the right/- -There are no con-' .ductors to- the omnibuses. '"The driver bpeiisi the door by slackening'' a 'strap, and is! stoppedjby-j.pul ling, the strap, . whicR 'is . held! tninder his fobtr ' "Payme'ntj : ten' or twelvb! cents ,for:all. distances, is made on . entering,: through a;:hole in" the' roof. The driver's! nd.titfeas qalled<bya sprihg/bell, which j:hei %kes'care "tp- souna if any .passenger .neglects to'pav 'promptly. ' 'Th'e""omhibuses'' are all p'ain.ted white or. yellow, with showy -pictures «pn!? ihem:j'!- some; however; ' nrtis tioally ? ex ecuted. Tbere is a -'seac :on either side of the driver, but none on the, top, where it- is ft&qkbt;'m (Summer |and,' too cold inswiriter. iA.great cotton umbrella is in summer fixed above the. driving- box. -The crowd of drays, waggonsj-and other" 'vehicles:is;equal;tp:tha of Ch'eapside or the Strand. ' ,i At : tbe chief crossings policemen. are -posted to regulate the traffic. I:continually- admi'red the saga city, of the horses, and - tbe cleverness of tbe drivers. It was r eally .difficult steering, with such' crowded.. .way, and so. many crosslinos, inoludi'n'g tram way si; Yet' there! never seemed difficulty .ori confusion. . I; am bound also to say; that; never, , but once did. I witness a squabble between drivers';1 I was struck with this; remembering" tbefrequent quarrels anR vdilevs' of abusive' language which our car- men and cabmen ioo often indulge in." 'There is a. society, in New . York/forf the /prevention of crpelty, to- animals,' but'its operations are very Ujgsite(sp;'fivM.Uoes'ie''coiDa!ed; Iu general they afe kinyiy! and not overworked. T went to several stables, and found the. arrangements excellent;'! Many. ;of ih'e stably are" above the ground level, being reaohed'by' an ascending sloped so that they are kept dry as. well as thoroughly ventilated. At.. workuthe whip .is little used, compared tyiLh.' the . voice. /The intelligence of " the' lower orders, 'f as we call' them, has influerice even:in ' the ;treatment of dumb' aniinals. The ''drivers ..Of the, business .-vehicles are mostly America, ne, of the/poaches; and omni buses mo.stly lrish, but .1 saw no : difference ia.'th'e usage' of their , cattle.— Leisure Hour.' -:The!;Time's, ' speaking , of;, the; Ninperof Napoleon', ''.'observes.:— Tlie . .character -of: Napoleon.III. will long remain one -of. the enigmas of:history. /.Weaker in. its composi- _ tion than that of Lis uncle; it will be.univer- sally/allowed' hereafter— as /those ; whb' can riBel abpye prejudico allow now— that it poin-' tdiiiB' b'etter elemen ts. No misgivings i.ever' disturbed the serene selfishness of the first Emperor. ' He could sacrifice' nations, iihd armies without compunction. The ghosts of the tens of thousands who died for his ends never .nauntea ins consoience. Jle could leave an army buried in the snow- of Russia, and warm his hands before a fire at Warsaw, With" no 'other though t than ' This is . .better than Moscow.' The exile who will soon b'e: among us possesses little of this compact strength.. - Always halting and irresolute; "of purpose,' and never more so than durfng the fast, months of his reign, he has been, averse from war, and only entored into the contest with 'Germany because ho dreaded what mightdtLerwiso be the resentment of France. Jfl hisffieart he has believed in tbe fulfilment of the cloudy dreams of his early mahbood. He pnticipaced France in tbe inauguration of free trade, as we shall probably soon find by tbe adoption of a retrograde policy. His avowed detestation of the Treaties of 1815 was in a confused way mixed' up with the rights of' nationalities upon which he rested his : claim to rule France. If; indeed, we compare thepresent fugitive with therefugees of 1830 and 1848, apnrt from; the terrible disasters which ; bis last -great fault has brought upon Franco, we may be induced to think that he deserved to be received with as mpplt resjiept »s they." : , 