THE STORY-TELLER. TIID F0Q IP .I • ____+ i3--+++ ' By a flest Autralsan Lady. "You are too romantic, my dear Lucy, and will find that,::" " those pretty sentiments: must be given to the winds in practical life." "Marry Mr. Fleming and depend upon it you. will never regret it."' These words were ad dressed by M-rs. Mills, the wife of. a London Merchant, to her young friend Lucy Barring ton, who had lately come from Ireland on a visit to her English connections. Lucy was at this time two and twenty, below the middle height and of that rounded, dove-like form, which tho' slight in youth, yet always inclines to embonpoint ; her eyes of deep blue, so often seen in the "Emerald Isle," and hair of dark brown.; the short straight nose and small rosy mouth indicative of a gentle, yielding disposi tion-all combined to form one whom most would admire and love. Brought up in a lonely home with a father whose stern disposition repelled her confidence, Lucy had never known a mother's love .arin synipathy; and yet her clinging nature bcoild never learn to stand alone. Formed to attract, and gifted with a sweet voice and musical talent which MVr. Barrington had spared no expense to cultivate; her love had been sought by many: younn in character, she knew not-yet how deeply her heart could be stirred, and though inclined to listen to the suit of one ardent son of Erin, yet her father's stern assurance that be would never favour her lover, had been sufficient to stifle the grow ing attachm'ient in a heart which had not yet awakened to all its strongest feelings. Mr, Barrington had wisely re:rsoved his daughter from the near neighbourhood of the man whose influence over her he dreaded, and in entrusting her to the care of Mrs. Mills he knew he placed his gentle daughter with one well versed in the world's code of morals, and whose influence would, he thought, help to eradicate that, which, in his cold and withered heart, he termed, maudlin sentimen tality, Mrs. Mills took pleasure in introducing her young friend into the gay world of London, and with that love of match-malting inherent in the daughters of Eve, had determined that Lucy should become the wife of a distant con nection of her own. Mr. Fleming, whom we have mentioned above, was a banker of high standing in the city, a widower of five and forty with a numerous family, and had it in his power to make a handsome settlement on his wife. He was everywhere considered as an eligibleparti. Apparently upright, attending to all the outward forms of religion, matter of fact, and one who would keep in the beaten track, he was utterly unable to comprehend the character of her whom be, sought to make his wife. Attracted by the showy qualities of Lucy, who, he felt would adorn his home, he could not recognize the deeper nature and brighter intellect which his own shallow brain and narrow heart could never satisfy. His children already gave proofof violent and un ruly tempers, together with traits of character which might well make him tremble for the future. Occupied as Mr. Fleming was with business cares, he felt that he must seek a wife who would be able to replace the mother whom, now two years dead, he had: loved with the strongest affection it was in his power to give. "Could you marry my' little friend,''"said Mrs. Mlill to hlm,. p w?i.voiuld: secure all you reqire. Geitle ialndsweet tenipered;- yielding to at filt, with hey otitiuld lie sparedi cthose do'muestic b roilsso lotteri ,ius cyqiieqet on a secoind mnarriage ,:+?ile her=_ u.sy gitis; i: intellect and tslper?on re?tF? her: siia i Ituir theie plosi tion aiidliinfluence our ii ifet'isoul li.iisses. " Dear iicy " aisd:she: i thie other side, " senisitive -:and'elidte has;inu arei:'ou- re quire a htishandi ?iho would be a stay to you in the real'ills ofof life, who would calm and not excite your too ardent feelings, and would call forth your. esteem rather than your passionate love. You are not fitted to encounter the struggles you would meet as a poor man's wife, and with Mr. Fleming you would be sure of possessing a luxurious home and entire free dom from those many cares which areso crush ing to all calculated to suffer as you are." Poor Lucy ! with no loving arm to lean on, dreading a return to her lonely home, the weakness, which to those who saw but the sur face of her character,! threw such a charm around her, being her strongest temptation and without the one thing that would have been her protection--a clear and defined practical re ligion, accepted the proposal of Mr.Fleming and in six eceks was to become his wife. " I do not pretend to love you, Lucy," said Mr. Fleming, " but I can promise to do my best to make you happy, and while I know you cannot love me as you miight a husbanld more suited you in age and character, yet I trust in time to you will regard me with'affection, which I will do all in my power to gain." And Lucy ! was there a veil over heart and soul that sie felt not how fettered, ab ! how degraded before her own higher nature is the unloved and unloving wife! .Mr. Barrington, as was expected, gave his cordial approval -to his daughter's engagement, and, in accordance with Mr. Flemning's wishes, the marriage was to take place in London, at the house of Mrs. Mills. Lucy inherited from -her mother a dower of three thousand pounds, and it caused some suprise that this compara tively smallsum:should possess any value in the eyes of aman reputed to be wealthy as Robert Flemning. " Not at all, my dear child "-wtis Mrs Mill's answer to Lucy's comment after signing the marriage settlement which gave her for tune unconditionally to hebr husband-" you will always find that those who have most money know best its value; besides, Mr. Fleming has proved his generosity by the large life insurance be has effected in gyour favor, and which secutes to youan ample provision at his death." SOther matters now entirely occupied Lucy's Sthoughts. She was beginning to realize in i somer deree that herlife 's 1onbsrt Flemiitig's companion would be cold and cheerless, not withstanding his beautlful residence at Lions court, twenty miles from London, and all the luxury with which she would be surrounded. " I could almost draw back now " said she to her friend, as pale and spiritless, she threw herself on the couch in her bedroom, the night before the wedding. "Lay aside these foolish fancies, my love" said Mrs. Mills, " beleive me, you have every thing a woman really requires. As the mistres of Lionscourt, many will envy you, and in the society of theyoung people, your heart will be cheered and your sympathies drawn out. Do not talk ofdrawing back, for. that is now impossible. Go to sleep and dream pleasantly of the happy life in store for you." So saying she left the room and Lucy-was alone, At that moment, Mr. B3arrington entered. Nervous and almost despairing, one gentle word from him, one look of syjimpathy and she would have implored him to save her from a lot, which, now that she was about to enter upon it in reality, appalled her; but his coin tenance bore a look of pleasure and advancing towards her, he said, I am indeed a happy father, Lucy, for my only child is now amply provided for, and I need have no further anxiety for the things of this world. When you leave me to-morrow I shall return to Dublin, but in all probability you will see me at Lionscourt in the course of the winter. As a child you have always been gentle and docile-as a wife,I trust you will ever reflect honour.on your husbands name." He then placed in her hand notes to the value of £100, and kissing her on the forehead, without noticing her distress, he left the room. Poor Lucy ! as she mechanically held the notes he had, given her, the terrible thought flashed through her mind that perhaps wealth :was.henceforth to he her only solace. She re tired to rest, afid, stupefied with fatigue and apprehelision, soon fell asleep. She thought that she stood with Robert Fleming in a lofty .and spacious room, en?irely destitute of any kind of fiurniture. At her feet lay a roll of -bank notes which she stooped to pick up. As she touched them; they suddenly ignited-she dropped them and they became ashes. Robert looked upon 'her angrily and was about to give vent to his displeasure when, with a start, she awoke to find Mrs. Mills beside her. "I con gratulate you, my love," said she'" on a-bright wedding morning--you know the old saying, " Blessed is the bride the sun shines on." " I hope the country air will restore the roses to your cheeks, for you look almost like the ghost of my blooming Lucy." The bride had no intimate friends in Lon don, and the younger ladies who were to act as bridesmaids were almost strangers to her and near relations to Mr. Fleming. The wedding party was small and there were none to feel much interest in the sad little stranger among them, whom most of the ladies re garded as an interloper. Bride and Bride. groom met at the altar and a more :ll-matched pair. even in appearance, could scarcely be found. Robert Fleming was under the middle height, with hair so white that, though- but forty five when most men are in their .prime, he seemed already in the decline of life.. His eyes were black, dull, cold and hard; his mouth had that projection of the lower jaw which always betokens the predominance of the animal nature, accompanied with. that ex pression of determination ~ hich in him amounted to obstinacy, and induced him to tyrannize, even in trifles, over those depen dent upon him. Lucy, slight and small, looked younger than her years-her white dress dis played her petite figure to advafitage, and the white veil contrastsd prettily with the dark locks it covered. Would Robert love and cherish the shrink ing creature by his side ! - --Ie was careful of all his possessions and would certainly value his wife as he did all the other costly furniture of his house, and the jewels which had des cended from father to son for twelve genera tions. Proudly did Mr. Barrington bestow the hand of his gentle daughter. What cared he that it trembled! In his mind, all girls needed was a comfortable home, and that Lucy would have, and she must fall into her place as did others of her sex. It was arranged that the bridal pair were to spend a month at Matlock, Lucy having seen but little of our English scenery, and Mr. Fleming was anxious to gratify her as much as possible. The breakfastover, adieux said, and Lucy was travelling by her husband's side. It was a balmy day in autumn and the train bore her further and further from the busy city. " I always sleep in a railway carriage, my dear," said Mr. Fleming, settling himself com fortably, eveloped in a warm wrapper-" If I can do anything for you," be sure and wake me." In a few moments the deep snores of the bridegroom fell upon her ear and her heart sank within lier. " And this" thought she "is the end of my girlhood's dreams." Can it be wondered at that, her thoughts wandered to her Irish lover as she remem bered the-many chivalrous acts he had done to win her love. "All that is now passed and gone for ever " said she to herself," hence forth ifI cannot be a loving, I will at least be a dutiful wife." We will pass over the month's stay at Mat lock coldly its beauties fell on Lucy's eye; in thdir calm serenity they seemed to mock her chafing spirit, foir already she found that her hiisbaiid was no easy master to serve, Lionscourt had been built by Robert Flem ing's father, on the marriage of his second son to the daughter and heiress of Admiral Hard ing, whose property lay chiefly in the adj6in ing country. T'he house, spacious and hand some, overlooked terrace walks, at the end of which couched two large lions, carved in stone, firom which the place derived its name. The grounds were tastefully arranged and in the centre from which the walks branched off in various directions, there was a pond for gold fish, in front of which stood a prettily contrived summerhouse that led to a thickly wooded shrubbery. The old family mansion was with in a short distance of Lionscourt, and, on the death of Mr. Fleming's father, was occupied by his eldest son Thomas who at that time possessed an equal share in thie bank of---, founded by the father in the hope of increasing the already immense wealth of his sons, Robert Fleming's late wife had left four sons and three daughter's,amongst whom her liberal fortune was divided, while they would, at their father's death, inherit also her jointure of ten thousand pounds in which Mr. Fleming posses sed only the life interest. On drawing up Miss Harding's marriage settlement articles, the attorney had suggested some provision with regard to the jointure in case Mr. Flem ing ever became bankrupt. " Such an event is searcely possible " said Robert haughtily " it is far more likely that the lions which keep watch over the Terrace should crumble to de cayduring my life time." Mrs. Fleming died at the birthof her seventh child and Robert became sola guardian of his children's property. On the evening of the 2nd of October 18-, the bride and bridegroom were expected to re turn home from their trip. • The children of Mr. Fleming, whose ages varied from twelve to five years, were looking anxiously from the windowsof the spacious hall at Lionscourt, for thearrivalof their new Mamma. They formed a lovely group, yet with that type of countenance which rarely possesses beauty in mature age. From the eldest, George, a fine boy of twelve, to the little Clara of two, with golden ringlets, might be seen the narrow fore head and prominent lower jaw, so marked in their filther. They held in their hands bouquets of choice flowers to present to the bride, and their feelings were rather those of excitement and curiosity, than those of repug nance to meet a step-mother, which are so generally entertained by children old enough to think and feel. They had received little notice from their own mother who had passed the greater part of her timein around of fashionable amusements and consequently had bestowed but little attention upon the nursery and schoolroom. Their governess, Miss Hen derson, they regarded as their natural enemy, with whom they waged a continual warfare; while their father "as looked upon with dread as the bestower of floggings, suggested and urged by Miss Henderson as her only possible method of keeping any kind of order. This stern guardian of youth was a lady border ing on middle age, with what is called a wiry form and a countenance whose pre vailing expression was that of one ready at every moment for some outbreak on the part of her young charges, and prepared to fight to thelast for themaintenanee of her authority. She had lived without softening influences and if, at any time, her heart had been gentle, con tact with the world, had long since removed all that might have rendered her a patient and tender guardian to these motherless little ones. Every feeling, on both sides, was now merged into one of expectation, mixed, in the governess's mind, with apprehension lest the new comer should deprive her of any share of her dearly loved authority. Ere long carriage wheels were heard rolling . down the long avenue that led to the house, and the dark subtle-looking butler hastened to throw. open the doors for the entrance of his master and mistress, Mr. Fleming led forth his bride, who, at first appeared to shrink from the gaze of the long line of servants drawn up to await her coming; but the sight of the children, who shyly presented their flowers, seemed to re assure her. Caressing each in turn, she thanked them in a voice so sweet that surprize in their little hearts gave way to pleasure,'and already they felt that their new mamma -would prove a kinder friend thari papa, governess or nurse. Mr. Fleming looked well pleased at the meet ing between his wife and children and patting each little head, 'he turned to speak to Miss. Henderson for whom he felt a cordial respect. To this she was really entitled, inasmuch as she faithfully dischairged her duties in the only way she conceived possible, and entertained for her employer a regard which many inter preted into a desire to occupy the place of his deceased wtife. We will mention one other of Mr. Fleming's dependents who cherished for him a love which perhaps be received from no other human being, viz. Thomas Smith who had been in his service from childhood. A native of Cumberland, he possessed that rugged strength of character, joined with strong prejudices and a warm heart, which distinguishes the hardy race in the North of England. As a mere child Thomas had worked in the employ of Mr. Fleming's father and he was now head gardener and steward at Lions court, where he had married Patty who pre sided in the servants hall in the capacity of cook and housekeeper, and whose thrifty qualities had materially assisted him in amassing a com fortable independence. When urged by her to purchase land and to spend the rest of his days in the more desirable position (at least in her eyes) of a farmer, he had answered with a a shake of the head, " No, no, Patty-master and I have stood side by side for many a long day and I'll never leave him till death shall take one of us away." The good woman yielded to this pathetic remonstrance; indeed, to do her justice she was almost as much devoted to the Fleming family as her worthy spouse, and if it had not been for a feeling of ambition, induced, perhaps, by the early promise of her only son Edward, a clever lad offifteen who was now at school, she would have been content to live and die in the service of her benefactors. (lo be Continued.) 