PROSECUTION OF THE REV. SIR. VOYSEY. (·Fron tdie N'ewes of the World, Novembeer 20J.) (Before the Arebbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Clsn cellor, Lord Cholmsford, and Sir R. J. Phillimore.) VOSEY V. NOBLE. This case, being an appeal from an interlocutory order made in a suit instituted in the Chancery Court of York against the defendant, the Rev. C. Voysey, rector of Healaugh, for heretical writings and opinions published and maintained by him, came again before the court for formal judgment. Sir R. Palmer stated the case on behalf of the pro motor, enumerating the several Articles of Religion which the defendant was charged with having contra vened, and also the points in which he lhad set at defiance the teaching of the Liturgy. He read and commented on various passages from the "Sling and the Stone," and the published sermons of Mr. Voysey, including, among others, the following:-" The total absence of allusion to a substituted ssecrifice as the mode of removing the curse and appeasing the wrath of God is shown in two ways-by the fact that there was no curse to remove, no occasion for the sacrifice, and by the absence of a single word from God to Adam end Eve about redemption and atonement. These ideas evidently had not entered thie mind of the writer of this narrative. They were specially a later growth -i.e., a mixture of Judaism and Gospel, and totally at variance with the teaching of our Lord and Master. If such a theory of the curse and recovery had been true, and if the narrative in Genesis was miraculously suggested, it would eurcly have contained a direct revelation from Almighty God in reference to the saerifical substitution of Christ as a matter of the very highest importance, not only to Adam and Eve, but also to every one of their posterity." . "We need forgiveness and the sense of reconeiliation with God, and on that rery ground we reject as useless, nay, as absolute hindrances to our reconciliation with God, any thoughts of his requiring the death of an innocent being in our stead. Suchb a theory would most effectually bar us out from the possibility of filial love to our Heavenly Father." ... . "It is infinitely erroneous and dishonouring to God to think that He could not be merciful to men except by refraining from punishing them, and by punishing another in their stead. Such an act would in itself be the height of injustice. It would also be only the pretence of mercy. There would be no mercy in letting the sinner go free if the penalty had been exacted from some one else all the same." "And although the doctrine of God's pouring out His wrath upon the Beloved Son for our sakes is, perhaps, the most revolting of all the popular beliefs, yet even that has taught the world some grand con ceptions of eclf-seacrifice and love for the guilty, which have in all ages since Christ ennobled mankind. We should, perhaps, have to govery far back into the Divine plans and purposes in order to get absolutely true views of what salvation is. At best we can only correct some glaring errors, and throw a little fresh light on old paths. But even this is better than keeping up and handing on from generation to genera. tion views of God and of His dealings which degrade Him far below the level of bad, cruel, and revengeful men, and views which professedly start with a con demnation of this world's duties and engagements, and a denial of the value of common virtue." The Arehbishop of Canterbury: Might not the de fendant in that last passage be referring, not to the doctrine of the Church of England, but to certain exaggerated doctrines of the Calvinists P Sir R. Palmer said he should be very glad if this viesw could be established. But consistently with the other ex pressed opinions of the defendant, he thought it would be difileult to say that he was not intentionally com bating the doctrines of the Church of England. The defendant wrote:--" We do not, therefore, need any atonement, nor any justification. We need no stone ment, for God requires none. We do not want to be justified, we do not want to be accounted righteous at all, when we are not righteous ; we only desire to be made righteous in God's good time . So we leave these Pauline doctrines for those who need them, thanking our Heavenly Father that through his Son Jesus Christ we have learnt a better and surer way to that 'peace of God which passeth all under. standing.' ". . "The departure from these simple views"-that the only sacrifice in which God delights is a troubled spirit -were assorted by the defendant to have "led to all the later corruptions of Judaism and Chris tianity, to all the monstrous superstitions of the Church of Rome, and to the revival within our own Church in recent times of the doctrine of sacrifice in the Lord's Supper." . . "To us God is a Father, and we are His children; and, if this be true, it sweeps away the dusty cobwebs of mediation, inter cession, sacramental sacrifice, and all the sacred and consecratod follies which grew out of it. We want neither altar nor eucrifice, neither victim nor priest; no sprinkling of blood nor fumes of burning incense to render our approach to the mercy seat of God more reverent or more successful." Further, upon the doctrine of atonement, this language was hold by Mr. Voysey:--"That God who can save all men from their unrighteousness and yet hereafter will not do so is one with whom to dwell would be everlasting torment. The God who would save all but cannot is no Almighty God at all; and the God who would only rescue from ruin at the price of another's suf fering is the worst of all false Gods, inasmuch as this in the lowest abasement below the common level of human goodness yet reached. . . I know well on which side the suffrages of the best of mankind would be given if these views were put to the vote. I know that, in spite of the influence of priests and ministers of religion-in spite of much self-condemnation, which is right and true-the heart of man, as God made it, would at once declare that it is more in accordance with the Creator's will that the hearts of His creatures should rejoice in His presence than that they should quail and shrink before it as a threatening power. I know, too, that the best of men, if not all men, believe in their hearts that it is better to desire to be made righteous than to desire to be accounted righteous; that it is better to go boldly to God's footstool with the prayer, 'Cleanse Thou me from my secret faults,' than to go to Jesus saying, ' Rock of Ages, cleft for me, let me hide myself in Thee.'" As to the Atonoment itself, this was the view taken by the dofendant:-"In what sense the death of Jesus Christ was a substitute for the punishment of your sins or mine I cannot discover. Theologians may be right, but until I can see reasonable ground for their opinion I must keep my own. I can surely see, and thankfully confess, that His death has done me good, that His sacrifice has been beneficial to the world in toeaching and encouraging true heroism, true manliness, and true obedience to God's will. Had He not been martyred for the truths which He taught, those truths would probably have been far longer in making their way among men, and England at this lhour might still have been in Pagan darkness. But thnou I know that this is not the common meaning of the words, ' Christ suffered for us,' and I do not wish to pretend to put that meaning on them while I am osing them in a totally different sense." . "The notion of intercession I hlave already shown to be partly Jerish and partly Pagan. It is sadly out of llace in a system of doctrioe pro fessing to be of Christ. It is a relic of bygone fear and dread of that all-loving, all- merciful Oer, whose name of Father was so dear to Christ Himself, and swhose fatherly love was the Gospel which Jesus delivered to mankind." Sir H. Palmer made several other quotations from defendant's work to thle name effoct. The Gospel of St. John was especially singled out for attack by the defendant. These were some of the remarks contained in hIis writings:-" The author of this passage must have had the very meanest opinion of Jesus Christ which was ever held. No modern Atheist or Socialist could say anything more derogatory of our Lord than to say that He said ' All who ever came before me were thieves and robbers.' .. The only question remains, if our Lord did not say this how came it into St. John's Gospel P I can only answer to this, that this Gospel contains made-up speeches composed by the writer for the occasion, and written with a special object to establish certain theological doctrines which Christ himself knew nothing of, and said not a word about in the other Gospels." This was the character given of St. John's Gospel by a clergyman in the Church of England. He went on to say:-" Prayer in the name of Jesus was quite a new thing after the death of Jesus Christ, and is not sanctioned by His discourses, as recorded in the first three Gospels. The fourth Gospel, you now know, was probably written, not by an Apostle, but by an unknown writer in the second century, and I leave you to judge how far it would be possible for any one of us, even in our literary days, to write with perfect accuracy the discourses of a person who lived 180 years ago, and which had never been committed to writing before. We should have to draw very largely on our imagination, I think." Sir R. Palmer, having been continuously engaged for close upon four hours in reading and commenting upon the passages ex tracted from the writings of the defendant, brought his address to a close with some legal referenOces hav ing for their object to show that in the important issues raised in this cause the statute law strongly sup ported the law of the Church. The Solicitor-General followed on the same side. The Rev. Mr. Voysey, being called upon for his defence, said lie had remained in the Church and taught as be had done solely because he believed that it was a cleryman's duty, as well as his right, to teach openly whatever he believed to be truth as drawn from the Holy Scriptures, according to the vows made in ordination, so long as he did not contradict any state ment in the articles and creeds. This trial was not simply a contest between one member of the Church and another. It was the battle-field of two great parties, representing on one side most of the earnest traditionalists, and on the other most of the not less earnest and religious men whose thoughts were in harmony with the highest culture of the age and the latest conclusions of science. Hecould not forget that he was the mouth-piece of hundreds of brother clergy men and of a very large and increasing host of lay men. From unmistakable public indioations, and from an enormous mass of private correspondence, acoumu lated duringthelastfive years, be had overwhelming evi dence of the spread of those views which he advocated, and of the increasing interest takin by the clergy and laity of this country in the sacoess of his canse. On all the doctrines alleged to have been impugned by him eminent divines of unimpeached orthodoxy had departed from the spirit and sense, and in some ceases had contradicted the actual words of the articles and creeds. He had at once a suficient defence in the words with which Dean Milman concluded his history of Latin Christianity, and in which he asserted his conviction that "the words of Christ, and his words alone (the primal indefeasible truths of Christianity), shall not pass away"-a proposition which left as un questionable those words only which should be proved to have been really uttered by Christ; and not, for instance, those which, concluding the second Gospel, were now rejected on almost all hands as unbistorical, and which, we were free to assert, contained state ments not to be reckoned among the primal inde feasible truths of Christianity. The Archbishop of York, in his Aids to Faith, said:--"The clouds of God's anger gathered thick over the whole human race ; they discharged themselves on Jesus only. He came to reconcile men and God, by dying on the Cross for man, and bearing'their punishment in their stead" (language which was not justiSed by the articles); and further, "So long as we be lieve that the wrath of God, because of our dis obedience, fell in the shape of affliction on Him who had so acted as to please God, the terms in which it may be expressed may be suffered to vary." It was patent that these views, and the ideas embodied in them, were not imposed on any one by the Articles or Formulariss of the Church of England, which nowhere spoke of the wrath of God as falling upon Jesus, or of i suffering in our stead. The Archbishop of Canterbury: These passages which you are now citing, are they illustrative of the commonly received notions of Christianity which you oppouse, or passages in support of your own opinions P Rev. Mr. Voysey : Partly one and partly the other. Lord Chelmsford: But if you show that these per sons have contravened the articles of the Church, how will that justify you P Rev. Mr. Voyeey: lassume that all these writers are irreproachable, and that my writings ought to stand on the same footing. Sir R. Phillimore: The argument comes to this, I think, that we should have to try every one of the divines whose writings you cite. (Laughter.) The Rev. Mr. Voyeey said he was about to quote from an authority that, he fancied, would not be dis puted. He prayed their Lordships to bear in mind these eotracts from the writings of the late Dr. Arnold: -"I have long thought that the greater part of the Book of Daniel is most certainly a very late work, of the time of the Maccabees; and the pretended pro phecy of the Kings of Greece and Persia, and of the north and south, is mere history, like the poetical prophecies in Virgil and elsewhere." "Cyrus is said, in many commentaries, to be a type of Christ, by which I understand that the language applied to him is hyperbolical, and suits properly only Him who is the real Deliverer of Israel and Conqueror of Babylon. And the passage about the 'Virgin conceiving,' &c.;, has a manifest historical meaning, as applied to Isaiab's wife; the sign being one of time, that within the growth of an infant presently to be born Syria and Israel should be overthrown." Sir R. Palmer asked whether the passagejust quoted from the writings of Dr. Arnold was not from a private letter? The Rev. Mr. Voysey: Very possibly; but it was contained in the published account of his life. The proceedings were then adjourned. The next day Mr. Voysey resumed his defence by observing that his object had been, when speaking of the Bible, to sweep away from the path of his fellow men everything which might place a barrier of dis trust between themselves and God-which might lead them to doubt His justice and to question His love. In jastifecation of this he referred to the works of Mr. Maurice, and again to Bishop Thirlwall, quoting the following passage from a charge delivered by his lord ship in 1862:-"A great part of the events related in the Old Testament has no more apparent connection with our religion than those of Greek and Roman history. The history, so far as it is a narrative of civil and political transactions, has no essential eoh nection with any religious trths --the numbers, mi grations, wars, battles, conquests, having nothing in common with the teaching of Christ, with the way of salvation, with the fruits of the Spirit." Coming to thle'formularies of the Church, he maintained that he had never spoken of them with disrespect. Why was the liberty of criticism to be denied to him which was exercised by the members of the Ritual Com mission in speaking of the Athanasian Creed, and in respect to which the Archbishop of Canterbury had aid it would have been a wise course if the commies sion had decided that it should not retain its place in the service of the Church. Bishop Thirlwall pro tested against its compulsory use; whilst in the articles it was asserted that the creed was thoroughly to be received and believed, because it could be proved by most certain warrants of Holy Scriptures. The present Dean of Westminster had declared that the parts of the creed which were at once most emphatic, most clear, and most generally intelligible, were the condemning clauses, which gavernost offesce, and that these clauses attested, in the strongest sense, a doe trine now rejected by the whole civilised world. All that the Dean could say for it was that it had a certain historical value "as an exposition of the teaching and manners of the Church between thebs fifth and ninth centuries." As the creed had been freely criticised and condemned, he pleaded only for free dom of speech on points which had either beeoon left open questions by Parliament, or which were treated as such by ihe Archbishop of Canterbury and a large proportion-- perhaps a large majority-of the clergy of the Church. With reference to the doctrines of the Resurrection and Ascension, Mr. Voysey main tainced that his teaching might througlhout be recon ciled with the words of the Thirty-nine Articles far mor easily than the words of Dr. Perry, Bishop of Melbourne, who, in a sermon preached in 1865, had said : "Although the Lord ascended as man in that human nature whichl He had assumed, yet we must not suppose that he carried with him into Henven the same body of fleeh and blood wherein Hlie died and roese again; for, as thie Apostle Paul has expressly declared, flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God." As to his denial of Mediation, lhe submitted that he lhad only denied it as identified with the popular notions whichl imposed any third object be tween the soul of man and God. With regard to Atonoment and Reconciliation, Mr. Voysey said it was true that the second article spoke of Christ as recon ciling His Phther to us, and it was equally true that he, in his teaching on this subject, had azepMsed himself in those terms from the Bible, in whidh man was spoken of as being reconciled with God. The inconsistency was simply in appearance. For his language generally he might claim the sanction of men whose orthodoxy as clergymen of the Church of Eangland had never been called into question. Although the orthodoxy of Dr. NIewman hba never been questioned, yet he had said, "Jnstifloation, as all allow, and as has been assumedthroughout, is a state in which we are acceptable and pleasing to God1 as, then, is the mode in which we please God, so is the mode of our justiieation. Now, it is plait, from St. Paul, that the regenerate please God, not merely by the imputa tion of Christ's obedience, but by their own boiSience; and so far may they be said, through His secret grace, to jeustify themselres." Mr. Voysey then name to the connection of the Incarnation with the dootrine of the Trinity. Accordine to Canon Liddon, the perionality of Christ remained always unchanged. Thpghoman nature which he pots on is, as be expresslyye, "a eloak"-a metaphor which soarcely expresedthe in. separability epoken.of in the eeond erticleed a_ peared directly contradictory to the fifteenth. e (Mr. Voyeey) contended that this scholastoledogma was not present to the minds whether of the bleegy or of the laity generally, who, if they were a ked whether Jesus wasea human person, would distintlyadiewer in the affirmative. The point which be urged ?as this -that the clergy generally, in reference to,0sCanon Liddon'se definition, if that view was the, od lawful one, where practicaloly hewtiosal. Bo'tthdx& along with the Canon, retained their positions i- j.s ro, and he claimed the same measuare of I?bhb tn for himself. He had only carried out to its ligitimats conclusions the sablime statement-" There islant one living and true God, everlaesting, of infinite'power, wisdom, and goodness, the Maker and Prees?erer of all things, visible and invisible." He had lnung e closely as he could to the simple but grand oisfe~n of faith, "I believe in one God, the Pather AlmightN but in doing that be had been eompelledto run uonnter to the Tritheistie dootrines whiheb, though denounned in the plainest terme, were yet believed to be'taught by the Church, juest as all Tritheristie teashing ran counter to the strong Monotheistic dbelsratidni mour articles and creeds. Of Holy Boriptore'he had taught that it "contained all thinge necessary to salation." What, then, hadhedone amias f He haddrawnfionm the armoory of the Bible, and especially from the reported sayings of Jesuns himel his atongast weapons in attacking error and auperatitioA. and for that was he to be condemnedasaheretiePtHe could not suppose so. Although his oneersn had never yet ventured to meet one of his: argumente, they surely did not wish it to go forth toths world that they did not care to inquire whether what he had taught were true or not. Inehort,iftheqesation of the welfare of the Church was allowed to hare any weight in settling their lordships' deoisionin this case, he could not do better than quote the words iof the Archbishop of Canterbury in a letter to the Patriarch of Constantinople, in whish his Grace said:-",If the Catholic Church is to retain its hold upon the hearts and lives of men, this mnast be by loyalty to htideal of its worth and oharscter whieh we find in the Holy Boriptures. WhatisthisidealP Itisthatofaspiritual society, united by spiritual bonds, and existingtor the great spiritual end of making the earth more like heaven and men more like their Lord. It is thatofa brotherhood of manifold diversities, notlimited to one portion of the world which Christ eame to. sae, habut absorbing into itself all that is pet, noble, end true of all ages and countries, thesulofeahbh mennbe being the habitation of the'most high, and his, boqyfmple of the Holy Ghost." He. prayed, therefr,that he might beacquitted. The Solicitor.Generalthen briefly replied.. The Lord Chanoellor said thattheirlordships:would take time to consider theirjsidgment. :i 