A SEVEN GUINEA PRIZE. (Front Mark Boyd's Reminiscences of Fifty Tears.) TiilB language I had applied to me "some thirty-five years ago under the following circumstances, and I leave others to determine whether it was merited. Her late Majesty Queen Adelaide had intimated her intention to the authorities of St. Paul's, of attending the anniversary of the Charity)- Children Assembling within the cathedral, and at the same time the Lord and Lady Mayoress were apprised that her Majesty would afterwards pay them a visit at the Mansion House, and lunch there. Accordingly, in vitations were issued by the Lord and Lady Mayoress to those whom they wished to honour. Several men here of my family, with myself, were honoured with invitations. Her Majesty was accompanied by Prince George of Cambridge, then an affable vivacious youth, and of whom it was augured that, on reaching man's estate, he would be short and squat! Her Majesty was pleased to hold on the occasion at the Mansion , House a luuitcd-drawing-room, which highly pleased the ladies. A-grand dejeune followed. Her Majesty and Prince George Bat at a small circular table with the Lord and Lady Mayoress, while the royal suite, with the visitors, occupied a large table in juxta- position to that of royalty. I happened, to be near the Lord Mayor, and in the middle of the Royal table stood a magnificent pine-apple, the largest I had ever seen, and, unless I was woefully mistaken, this pine divided much of the attention of those visitors who threw their glances towards the Royal party. Little did I suppose that this rare specimen of that delicious fruit was to involve me in almost a service of danger, and connect me with an illiberal remark "How these Scotchmen display into each other's hands." It is nevertheless an unquestionable fact, that certain guests of the Lord Mayor, who sat at the lower end of the large table, seeing that the place was still uncut, had made up their minds to conclude their dejeuner by having a substantial slice on the departure of the illustrious visitors. The Lord Mayor had anticipated some such result, for when her Majesty rose to take leave, and had accepted the Lord Mayor's arm, he said to me, in passing, a' Oblige me by saving the pine. I inferred that her Majesty was to be the recipient of the pine, owing to its rare dimensions, at Buckingham Palace, before the day closed, otherwise I should not have fought or struggled to preserve it as I did. Although I knew I was not defending her Majesty's colours, as I hope I should have done upon the heights of the Alma or at Inker- man, still I felt convinced that I was defending Queen Adelaide's pine-apple in the Mansion House of the city of London: I therefore waited rather nervously, is now clearly discovered that the eyes of a section of the visitors were more directed to the spoils on the royal table than even to departing Royalty itself; for no sooner had her Majesty and her nephew left the banquet hall, than a rush was made towards the circular table. The Lord Mayor's request had to be complied with and, without ceremony, I seized the Thee containing the pine. My position must have resembled the huntsman holding the fox above his head from the hounds until the brush had been secured. I thought I should be worried to death in protecting, as I supposed. Royal property, and never stood more in need of assistance. I luckily recollected the line from the poet Burns, " Scots wham Bruce has aften led," and at the same time that the Lord Mayor's head butler's name was Bruce. I therefore "vociferated, " Bruce, to the rescue ! ' Luckily, that eminent functionary had fulfilled his mission, so far as he was concerned in the departure of her Majesty, and he instantly came to my support, when I told him she audible language, "The Lord Mayor desires that this place shall be kept." This quelled the outbreak so far, and Bruce went off with the pineapple. The Lord Mayor returned, and the first person to whom he directed his steps was to myself, inquiring, not altogether sotto voce, Have you saved the pipe?" "I have." " That I will vouch for," exclaimed a bystander who had heard the question. "All right," said the Lord Mayor. " I presume, my Lord Mayor, said one of the disappointed candidates for a slice of the re- doubtable place, that it is to be sent to her Majesty?" s' Nothing of the kind," said the Lord Mayor, who was well known to be an outspoken man. " "Why, then, my Lord, is it not to be eaten ?" " It was to catch by the Queen, not by you," said the Lord Mayor ; *' but as her Majesty declined to partake of it, I return it to whence it came " (Birch's, Cornhill) a " I arranged to pay two guineas for the loan, or seven guineas if it had been eaten and as it has not been eaten I save five guineas." "Well, to be sure," exclaimed another admirer of the pine, and one of the dissatisfied grumblers, "here is a specimen of Scotch economy for you ; all I have now to say is How these Scotchmen do play into each other's hands !' " MODI'S OrElLUNDI OF' THE PNEUMATIC TullE SYSTEM. "When Telegraph-street desires to communicate with an "out station, the message or messages (already packed in a round tube-like box covered with felt so as to nicely fit the tube) are placed in the mouth of the pipe ; and electric signal is given, which rings a bell at the distant office, and warns the clerk that a "carrier" is coming ; pressure is applied by a sort of lever arrangement in the hands of a lad in attendance, and, before you had time to realise the different operations thus described, the return signal is received Unit the swift messenger has reached his destination. The same preparatory operation is necessary when the " out" station wishes to communicate with Telegraph-street, and when the " carrier " has been placed in the mouth of the tube, and the required signal given, suction is applied to the pipe by our ever- alertmessenger boy and before we have quite prepared ourselves for the result, a dozen messages are dropped from the magic aperture with all the case and grace imaginable. In this way messages are exchanged between the offices of the Anglo-American and Indo-European Companies and Telegraph-street, and between the various departments of the building itself. A pipe of a new description, iron instead of lead, similar to those of the system in operation in Berlin, has recently been laid down between Tele French-street and Charing- cross, by way of the General 'Post (Office and Temple-bar and it is contemplated, we understand, to carry it on to the House of Commons. Much interest attaches to the successful work- ing-of this tube, which, when completed, will be the longest in existence in this country, and will present the moved feature of having several stations in circuit" upon it. On this account it is necessary to work the tube in such a way as to avoid its becoming blocked, and so as to enable the different stations to arrest the progress of the' carriers " intended for them. The system of working will be best understood if we compare it to (the "block " system used on certain railways, no cameo- being allowed to enter a section of the tube unless >that-80otion is clear. To carry out this range anent Tyer"s patent system of block signals is in use, And the St. Martin' sole Grand Station may be said to be the tOlnpham " Junction " of the line. Here the Vamp" and "down" carries are arrested, and -j_wit_h8d.onUi.the respective lines, after having been further charged with any message which may have -criginatedatitheipeneral post-office since the last train set out on its journey. The Baring in skilled force Through substituting this tube for the wire circuits previously in use is stated to be twelve clerks and the opportunity us perhaps one of the best that could have been found for testing a most interesting and rralunble.adaptation of the pneumatic system.-" Tele £*aph**txcet'," in Temple Bar. W(H_tr JHaht.enbb to -the Little Boy who would __«___.-¡Frank was really as tender-hearted a boy as "you could meet and having neither brothers or sisters, he made companions of his pets-his canary finds, his name hares, and his rabbits and not once had they had it in their power to complain of any neglect or unkindness from their young murder. "They knew nothing of his faults, poor things nor anticipated that cruel fate his weakness of character would bring upon them before long. It was the coachman's pipe, lying on the window-sill outside the shed, that was the beginning of all the trouble. The pipe, the match-box, and the tobacco pouch. frank saw them all as he walked past the window to replace the broom in the harness-room, front where he had taken it and as he saw them, the sneer of the Ivoycame back upon his mind, be (contrary to express commands) Frank, having laid the broom asignee returned and gathered them all up in his hand pipe, matches, and pouch-and looking round for a safe hiding-place where he could indulge in his disobedient pleasure, he climbed the ladder leading to the loft above the shed, and sat down among the hay to try what a real smoke was like-not a brown paper . one. " I'm not getting sick, not I," said Frank, _ by-and-bye, as a very strange feeling crept over him, and the clouds in the sky opposite the sham door seemed to be heaving, and the world generally going round. " I'm not going to be sick, not Its " but, for all that, Frank put down the pipe hastily and walked towards the loft window. The loft was spinning round now, and the yard beneath was moving about. Frank felt that he most get into the house somehow ; he must get in and lie down on his bed for his head, for some reason, had begun to ache horribly and into the house he did eventually made his way, though it remained always a matter of wonder to himself how he escaped without broken bones in his perilous descent from the loft window. But, as I said before, he reached the house somehow, I and lay down on his bed, where, notwithstanding his boasts, he was very sick and very sorry. He shut his I eyes, poor boy ! and endeavoured not to see anything, nor to think anything, but to try if he could get to sleep. He did get to sleep at last he had just fallen into a doze, he was dreaming of Alfred West struggling in the fire to save the woman and child he was dreaming of the flames and the smoke, and the cry of "Fire," when he was a wakened from his sleep by the very cry he was dreaming of-" Fire ! Are!" He thought he must be still dreaming, till he jumped from his bed and looked out of the window. Then he saw it was no dream, the loft outside the yard was all of a share and the smoke was pouring in thick columns from the window of his rabbit-house. Frank staggered down the stairs, with aching head and giddy stop, and made his way into the yard for with the first sight of the flames issuing from the barn-window, the conviction had forced itself on Frank's mind that the pipe so hastily dropped into the dry hay had been the cause of the fire. All the men of the place were gathered round the loft in which was packed the whole hay of a season. In vain Frank called to them to put down their buckets of water, and save his rabbits. In their anxiety to save their master's property, they did not heed him. So the poor rabbits came to an untimely end, and the old have perished in her blindness, and the barn was burned down, and the precious hay des- troyed all through the cowardly desire to keep faith with a cowardly boast and long was the bitter punishment that ensued. The news of the stolen pipe and the burnt rabbits travelled with quick and certain footsteps to the school, where the nickname of ^ "Not!!" was no longer whispered beneath their breaths, but became the well-known cry of the boys j whenever Frank appeared amongst them. - Little Folks. The Secret of sub Fitsxcn Disasters. Napoleon, it is now obvious, committed a great mistake in leaving the capital to take command of the army. He could have done much more at Paris than at Saarbruck, Chidons, or Sedan. When numerous de- feats had accumulated on his head, return was considered too perilous to be attempted. Among the papers found at the Tuileries after the revolution, and published by the Provisional Government, was one consisting of a despatch discovered in fragments, and addressed by the Empress to the Emperor, in reply, it would seem, to an intimation from the latter that he contemplated returning to Paris after the first misfortunes of the army. The Empress writes : " I have received a despatch from Pietri. Have you re- elected upon all the consequences which would follow from your return to Paris after having sustained two reverses ? For my own part, I dare not assume the responsibility of giving advice. If you are decided upon it, the step must be presented to the public's merely temporary-the Emperor returning to Paris to j reorganise the second army, and provisionally entrust- ing the commander-in- chief of the Army of the Rhine to Bazaine." The project was abandoned, and the fall of the Empire, which the presence of the Emperor in Paris might possibly have averted, followed in a few days. A. strange fatality seemed to attend all the operations of the war, from the commencement to the end. The Emperor himself was doubtful of success from the very first. He is reported to have said, just before leaving Paris for the scene of action, " Only one thing troubles me ; I have not a general who can handle 100,000 men." The fact is, the army had for some years been fearfully mismanaged by men who were more desirous of enriching themselves than of doing their duty to the State. When Marshal Niel became the Minister of War, he said to the Emperor, " Sire, you have no army." This must have been a startling piece of information to the ruler who had spent so much money on the military power of the country, and who had been denounced at home and abroad as a despot by the grace of unlimited bayonets. Under the Ministry of Marshal Niel, the forces were enormously increased, and in part reorganised ; but the Marshal himself died soon after, and the rule of mismanagement returned in full strength. In the earlier years of Napoleon's reign, the French army showed all its wonted excellence ; but the habit of subordination seemed now to be lost. That contempt for the principle of authority, which the ultra Republicans had been so industriously disseminating for years, had penetrated the minds of the soldiery, and was not long in producing the disastrous results which it is alone capable of bringing forth. On numerous occasions during the war, privates in the French ranks openly defied, jeered at, and insulted their officers. Some of the latter were even shot by their own men. Such a spirit is fatal to an army, and if not reformed or checked, will soon be fatal to a nation also. Those factious politicians who have condemned beyond measure the faults and errors of the Imperial Government (some of which were disastrous enough to need no colouring), should ask themselves whether they have not contributed to the same end by their insane policy of systematic insubordination. The superiority of the Prussian to the French army was shown in nothing more than in the obedience yielded by every man to the commands of his officers ; the self-abnegation which preferred the efficiency of the whole machine to the indulgence of individual caprice. It is possible that on some occasions the French generals might have retrieved their misfortunes, if they could have counted on the devotion of their men! Again and again, after defeat, the soldiers refused to rally to their commanders. It was not courage that was needed, nor for the most part, knowledge of military science. The army was ruined by want of discipline and defiance of subjection. From " Cassell s Illustrated History of the War for Hay." Very Good.-" Is your note good ? " asked a merchant the other day of a person who offered a note for a lot of goods, "well, replied the purchaser, "I should think it ought to be a everybody's got one," Dead Lakgimgb.-A man who pretended to have seen a ghost, was asked what the ghost said to him. " How should I understand," replied the narrator, " what he said I am not skilled in any of the dead languages." Die Paris papers are not unnaturally indignant with the letter of the Count de Chambord to M. Carlyon, which bestows all the credit of the late military success of the Versailles army upon its military chief, Marshal MacMahon. The Soir especially, which is one of the warmest supporters of the present Government, devotes a series of articles to prove that the resuscitation of the military strength of France is due, not to the Marshal, but to the personal exertions and administrative skill of his chief, M. Thiers. The troops which have reconquered the capital for France were nearly all brought up by detachments in haste from the late armies of the North and of the Loire, who were nearest at hand in that extremity of danger to which the success of the Revolution of the 18th of March exposed the Assembly. Acting, it is said, on principles long since laid down to him by Marshal Bugeaud, Thiers insisted on these troops, as they arrived, being at once put into camp with their officers, instead of being broken up into cantonments, or divided from their superiors by being crowded into barracks. The improvement in their bearing and tone which followed was as striking as it was continuous, and to this provident arrangement, which took ' both men and officers out of the way of the temptations which have proved so fatal to the spirit of discipline in the service, the firm bearing of the Versailles army from the first day of collision with the Communists is believed to be due. The victory of the 2nd of April, though easily won, was so decisive and complete as to give the soldiery henceforward proper confidence in their leaders. The military plan of attacking Paris at its south-west angle, including the fake advance by Neuilly and the preparations made simultaneously for capturing Fort Issy, and thus laying the intended point of assault bare, is ascribed to MacMahon, who has also the credit of the skill displayed in capturing the barricades without the bloodshed which direct attacks would, even if successful, have involved ; but I the whole honour of the successful measures of ad- j ministration by which the daily augmenting army was supplied efficiently with the necessary shelter, food, and ammunition, rests solely with the Chief of the Executive. His untiring energy, his superintendence of every necessary detail, including even a provisional remodelling of that unfortunate department the Intendance, ensured success, so that it may not unfairly be said that the veteran statesman has found time not merely to govern France, but to act as Chief Commissary to her reviving army. 