THEATRE ROYAL. MACBETH. It has been decided, on the highest dramatic authority, that you jours perdrix will not do. So, after some weeks of highly-spiced senses tion drama, at the Theatre Royal there was a return to the legitimate on Saturday evening when Boucicault gave place to Shakspeare and it was cheering to see that, notwithstanding the assorted unpopularity of the Elizabethan dramatist with the masses, the stalls, pit, and gallery were crowded. The play, too, was "Macbeth," the most intellectually exalted of Shakespearian tragedies, after " Hamlet." A special attraction in the oven ing's entertainment was the reappearance of Mrs. George Darrell (late Mrs. Robert Heir), after an absence of several years from the Melbourne stage, Mrs. Heir hold a leading position in the palmy days of the drama in Victoria, when she had no equal in such characters as Julia, in "The Hunchback and Beatrice, in "Much Ado About Nothing," and the name is always associated by old playgoers with the most pleasing theatrical reminiscences of the colony. Mr. J. B. Howe, who has in other plays proved himself an intelligent Shak spearian impersonator, essayed the part of Macbeth ; but this cannot be numbered among his successes. It was a hard, crude, and uneven performance, occasionally relieved by melodramatic flashes of some power, but deficient in breadth and appreciation of the poetical side of the character. Macbeth is the antipodes of Richard, the remorseless royal murderer. His ambition is stayed by the compunctious irresolution of one strongly under the influence of moral obligations. He finds that passion an insufficient spur to prick the sides of his intent ;" and it is the spectacle of human frailty contending with evil passion which gains for Mac- beth the sympathies of the spectators. Mr. Howe failed to give full expression to those aspects of the character, and was wholly in- effective in those poetical gems which stud the play, such as the irresistibly affecting speeches, I am fallen into the sear and yellow leaf," and "She should have died here after." Mr. Howe was, as usual, very defective in his text, an imperfection which marred his delivery of some of the greatest, and therefore most familiarly known, passages. His best effort was in Macbeth's fearful description of the circumstances of the murder of Duncan, when the mutterings of the sleeping grooms seemed, divining his intent, to forbid the crime, and he could not say ' Amen ' when they did say, ' God bless us.'" The death scene was rather suggestive of a terrific combat in "The Vic," or home other transpontine theatre, than a kingly encounter in which the vanquished falls like a magnificent ruin. The tragedy was played with the customary stage business, with the exception that the ghost of Banquo when it first appeared was shot up through a trap instead of walking to a seat at the banquet. Lady Macbeth was never one of Mrs. Heir's best parts, She was always too comfortable look- ing a lady to realise the idea of a queen thoroughly dominated by a bad ambition ; but we do not remember that it was her custom to so monstrously emphasise nearly every part, italicising word after word and line after line, and she did on Saturday night. Mr. Ireland's Macduff was a very tame performance, but eminently philosophical that is, if he philosophical to accept the murder of one's wife and family, and the subjection of one's country to a usurper, with easy equanimity, fire Shafto Robertson was effective as Banquo. Mr. Roberts played Malcolm very nicely, and Mr. Milne satisfied all the requirements of the part of Duncan. In the witch scones, Locke's music was given, supported by Messrs. Stewart, Grenville, Rogers, and Dunn, Miss Maggie Stewart, Miss Harriet Wooldridge, and Mrs. Greville. The performance of the tragedy, as a whole, was very indifferent. The piece was also carelessly aim shabbily placed on the stage, and it may be suggested that when Shakspearian drama is next produced the play should be re- spectably mounted, or at least served up with some scraps of the garnishing which is commonly lavished on Boucicault. This evening Mr. Morton Tavares, the newly arrived West Indian tragedian, will make his first appearance as Richelieu. The Maryborough Advertiser showed a noticeable and highly creditable degree of enterprise in publishing in Its Friday morning's issue a full report, amounting to about five columns, of the proceedings of the Sandhurst banquet. This was managed by means of an express service worked by no less than seven relays of horses, some late particulars being sent by telegraph. The Geelong promoters of a celebration of the Walter Scott Centenary have acted more wisely than the Melbourne committee, and with a more successful result. It has been resolved in. public meeting to hold a celebra- tion irrespective of any national distinctions, and it was decided that it should take the form of a festival at the Mechanics' Hall, in which ladies were to take part Ballarat also is to hold a suitable/i<c on the occasion. 