ITEMS OF NEWS. ; At . the Circuit Court, yesterday morning a' juryman who did not answer to his name whon called on, wns lined a guinea. \- AVe are glad ./to see Mr C, A. Smyth Tetum to his duties as Crown Prosecutor. His olllciency ana aimaointy oi cnaractcr are laminar to most of us, .and his. reappearance after i) temporary absence is hailed with satisfaction by all, except, perhaps, the criminal classes. . . ! A public meeting at North Muckleford on Monday evening at -8 o'clock, at the 'school house/for the purpose of nominating a com mittee j AA7. Kilsby occupied tho chair. The following gentlemen wero chosen by . ballot : — Messrs S. M. Taylor, AV. Kilsby, S. AV. Butler/ Joseph AYilson, Israol Yates, AV. Schofiold. The undermentioned persons tiro requested to call at the Sub-Trensury, Barker-street, with out delay, for the payment of their accounts : — I B. Cass, S.: Doriuan,;S. Irwin, V. R. Mason, C. AV. Nicholson, E. Steed, J. Greer, D. Cor bet, E. Townsond, 'i'. Ambler, J. Atkins, C. Anderson, .O.yBall, .AV. B. .Cairnes, H. /R. Grant, J. Hyland, Jac Jung, J. Slyriug, G. /Ryland, C. Stephenson, j. TJiirkettle, J. :\Vobd, ; AV. , R. Bytliell, Ilorwoocl Bros., S. Love,' AV. R, Law reuco. AVe understand that tlib Fryers minstrels purpose paying a visit to Chewton. A mooting of the subscribers of the boroitgli bandfund,and those desirous of joining the band, takes place this evening in the Recliabite Hall. Members of tlio Rifle Corps desirous of be coming candidates at the forthcoming examina tion for promotion to be held at CaStlcmaine on Thursday, 17th, and Friday, 18tli August, are re quested to send in their names to the command ing officer at the Orderly-room not later than AYednesday, the 26th inst. AIbo to specify whe ther for the rank of subaltern or non-commis sioned officer. . Mr Hodgson received a letter yesterday from Mr Kitts, the acting manager for Lvster's Opera Co., inquiring as to the support the com pany will be likely to receive if they pay a visit to Castlemaine in the course of ten days, and perforin the operas of tho Bohemian Girl, Mari tana, and Satanella, season tickets to be issued at a reduction. From the favourable impres sion which this company made when here, they need be under little apprehension about receiving good houses. The dress circle on their late visit was certainly but thinly attended, but if season tickets are issued for it, that one defect in the attendance should be remedied. The FryersQuartzCoinpany, says the Courier is beginning to attract the notice of both Sand hurst and Melbourne investors, and is locally well thought about. A resident says that the more the ground is opened tho more quartz will be come on. Not a leader or block of quartz is cut but what will pay, and richer quartz may be expected. The extension of the 230 feet level west 'will reach the large blocks now being worked in Small's claim. Again the Garden Gully reef, says the Adver tiser, has come to the front. No less than £9200 has been paid in dividends this week, the North Garden Gully Company contributing £6000, the Pandora £1400, tho Carlisle £1200, and tho Pandora Tribute £G00. This is a larger amount of dividends for four claims on the Garden Gully t-eef than we used to have from the whole district for months' A vigorous description of some woman that is wanted is thus given in tho terse language of the Police Gazette ; — " Emily Robinson alias Taylor alias the Flying Engine, is charged, on warrant, with vagrancy, by the Avenql Bench. English, (the calling is here given, but we omit it), 35 years of age, 5 feet 5 or. G inches high, slender build, brown hair, face blotched and bloated from drink, apparently from her conver sation to have been well-educated. She is notorious, when eXcited. for knocking people over the head with the first weapon she can pick iip. Gone to Seyinour or Kilmoro, amongst tho men working on the railway." , Speaking of the Caledonian claim, the Otago Daily Times says : — " Among the mining on. difs from Auckland we hear that Mr Farmer, so well known as oneof tho largest original shareholders in the Golden Crown and Caledonian, has sold the whole of his interest in these and other mines at the Thames to Mr Thomas Russell. The snm has not transpired, but it is variously stated at .froni£25,000 to £40,000. Mr Farmer originally held 340 shares in the Caledonian, of which lie sold, about two months ago, 100 to Mr Russell for £10,000 ; and it is said he has how cleared; out with over £80,000 from, the Caledonian alone. It is scarcely to be wondered at tliat( instances of such success so rapidly attained: should produce the excitement of which Auck-i land is now the scene. , . . , j The tale of some companies in this district (says' the Bendigo Advertiser) would have a-'very good' effect in leading to greater care in the formation: of others, and the case of thd Mads Tribute Cbm-' . pany is certainly likely to prove bf ii'se in being a warning to persons how , to form tribute com panies. So far as we have heard, the facts of the matter are these : The ground of the Mars Com pany was taken. on tribute by a person who after- -. wards formed a tribute company,, in .which lie reserved a large interest himself. So far matters went smoothly. But calls were made ; the: work- ing tributer did not pay all bis calls,, it appears, and the company at last forfeited his intercst or' bought him out. But here was the mistake/ The tributer being out of the company, they; had no interest in the ground. Calls were made/ but not responded to, and finally a' resort was bad in winding up. Now comes the niost peculiar reature in me inaiicr. mr o. a. ivueaiou uoius 250 shares in the company, but there arc .750 ih his name appearing on the company's books. AH calls made on the shares bave been paid, except' lis 3d. Now it appears that he issued for L179 13s 9d, the balance of the unpaid capital on his shares, the debts of the company being only about' L150. He alone is sued. The capital was 5s, of which 2Ad bad been paid up. This is indeed a serious matter, and if tbeoflicial assignee has the' power to sue any one shareholder for the amount; of the 'unpaid capital on his shares, it must make people feel rather queer. Many people; afie under" the impression that they are only responsible forj the amount of the debt proportionate to the mumber of shares held by them. The case .will/ come on this (Thursday) morning; when no doubt counsel will endeavor to throw sonic light on the matter, i Something almost liko a ghost Btory, but which: nevertheless seems to be told' by' a cautious intelligent observer, lias been exciting somo at-- tention at Stratlialbyn, ' and is tlius related 'to! the Southern Argus by Mr AV. T.' Tregalgas ' " AVliilst taking a walk very, early ono morning, through somo moffive whipli I cannot account for, I was induced to walk through the burying-.' ground, and coming to a grave surrounded by a wall, and covered with a slab of slate, I noticed on the slate something strange. It was: scarcely light enough to seo distinctly at ' first,; but after waiting some few iniliutcs .1 could' see it plainly, and it appeared to bo a side: view /of a female. I could distinctly trace the; head' and body and the, skirts, apparently full size. Not being ' satisfied with the sight, I; rubbed my band on tho form, and found that; portioh of-tho slate was perfectly dry, whilst tlio: Sarta outside the form were very wet with the; cw which had fallen j and still hot being, satisfied, T walked away and came back in about 15 or 20 minuies after, and still the -form ' was there ; so I determined upon visiting' it. again next morning, which I did, and continued doing so for a week or more. During this time 1 only saw the form onco after the first morning ; but; not being a believer in supernatural appearances X lllvu lu UCUlltJ bllU l/UU9vj Uliv ItiUwUt Ail villi course of conversation I told Mr Morton what I had seen, and he visited tho placo and saw the form, though' not so plain as it was when I saiv it. The form was to be soon, and it has been- seen since. by others. Now I believe tliovo is: some natural cause which produces this strange' appe&ranco;, aiid perhaps some person upon- reading this will bo able to satisfy tho minds; of those who havo seen it, for although many'- things have been advanced by people as to tlioi probable cause, nono seem satisfactory to my; mind and those who have been eye- witnesses of; the sight." Of a similar Character is the follow-' ing extraordinary story, which is given ire the Court Journal of 6th May: — "All have read with horror , of tlio barbarous murder committed on 'a young and, extremely Well-favoured girl — , a child, one might say— nigh on 17 years old, j at Eltham, in Kent. The painful subject is re-- ferred to in consequence of a vory extraordinary circumstance connected with the girl's death.) The girl expired at Guy's' Hospital at '9 o'clock; on Sunday night. A doctor, a nurao and a- dotcctive policeman wero in the: room at the time, and they all concur in stating that at tho: very moment of hor docease the face of a man, appeared at tho Window close to tho bed on; which the nmrdored girl lay. This mysterious' apparition disappeared as soon as the policeman; approached- thd window, which, by the way/is about 5pft. from the ground. Of course thoro was lib one there. There wore no means by which the window' could bo reached from tlio street save by a ladder, and ladder there was aono," AVe (Age) understand that since the appoint ment of the Royal Commission to inquire into the establishment of new " industries, and , of which commission his Honour Judge Bindon is chairman, the hon. tho Chief Secretary has received numerous communications from fo reigners resident in tho colony, skilled in tho industries, proposed to be established, tendering their services to the Government, instead of their having to intro'duce Bkillod workmen from Europe. In eVery ihttanco tho letters have been forwarded to the commissioners for their consideration. An illustrious gentlemanis now confined in tho Sale lock- up. The Gippsland Times writes his pedigree and doings as follows : — AA7e have been credibly informed that tho man M'Hale, at pre sent in gaol for uttering valueless cheques, is really closely related to his Graco the Catholic Archbishop of Tuam, Dr M'Hale, and that lid has only very lately arrived frcm Ireland, which lie has been visiting. It would also appear that he lias been labouring under tlio hallucination that lie had £70 in the bank tliroUgh'otit, for after having uttered several of the valueless documents, he made himself perfectly at home at til e residence of Fathor Hayes, in that gentlman's absence, under the impression, no doubt, that believing he had entrusted him with monoy, and from other circumstances, lie was at liberty to do so. . The Pleasant Creek News says : — " A very sad accident occurred at the Magdala claim on Saturday last, whereby a miner named Sincock lost his life. Sincock and a fellow-workman called Davis were occupied iii tho "shaft changing the buckets, the former being on a staging some distance below his companion, when tho latter heard a noise as of something falling above him, and called to the deceased to " look out." The noise was occasioned by tlio burst ing out of some of the 'centres ' in consequence of their having been struck by tho pumping- rods then being lowered into the shaft. Tho timber passed Davis, only inflicting a wound on the hand, but ill tlie case of the unfortunate man Sincock, the ' centres ' fell upon the staging where he was working, carrying it away, and precipitating him to the bottom, about a dis tance of 170 feet. The unfortunate taan when taken up was quite dead, his skull having beeii smashed in." An extraordinary case of "biter bitten," is said to have occurred at tho Corner lately. An enterprising and not overparticular mining man,' says the Star, is said to have taken a quite aS enterprising and not even so particular mining neighbour into his confidence with a view to rig the market with regard to a certain valueless stock.' The little plot being arranged satisfacto rily, jobber No. 1 came upon the Corner, and in presence of the crowd informed jobber No. 2 that he had been instructed to buy shares in the company at one shilling each to the number of two thousand. Jobber number two had some dispute about price, but ultimately agreed to sell tlio two thousand shares, and "number olio'! asked liim to step inside an office close by for a cheque for LlOO. Tlie cheque— wliicli was in tended to be returned; in due course — was stupidly cashed at the bank by ".number two," .and up to the present it is stated that ho so far forgets the nature of the transactiou as to adhere to the money, and his .conviction that "it is all right." Rather a smart transaction. ; , (Describing the specimens of tlie fincli ex hibited at. the late Canary show, the Age says: — " The Queensland Finches were also lovely; little fellows, :Tliree kinds were exhibited, six; or seven of each in a cage. There Was one variety called the owl, and a more comical looking , songster was never turned out by Dame Natiire iri all her freaks. He is of a dun grey; 'and has a black mark round from one eye to; another under his cbin, and just such another: circle over his chest. The similarity between; the markings on this little bird and the Satin bird may be valuable 'instances .to some future: naturalist in his study of the laws of variation, j The black throated Queensland finch : has/ iii-i stead of the lines, a jet black blub just under his chin. The third variety shown was ;tie; scarlet one, and- these birds were perhaps the prettiest of the lot, with their shiny red plumage, j spotted all over in tiny white specks." ' ! ; The following " pegging-out ' scene" is com- j municated by a correspondent to the Ballarat ! Start — ".ft. -ivnlltrl have dene the Minister ef- Lands" -heart good to have. witnessed the scene oh Friday ; night, at twelve o'clock, on Cherry- tree -.Flat,' -in 'pegging out land. First of all, durk forms wore seen coming trudging through tho.niire, wind, and rain, stumbling over stumps, and splashing through tlie water, each loaded with' a bundle of pegs, by twos, threes, and fobrs, — silent, as. I lieard not a voice, ; In a few minutes tlio "dark-laiiteriis' were seen to glim mer. ' Others were striking matches, and grop ing about to find the favoured spot. Hill, val ley, and scrub were alive with men as if by en chantment, hammering here and there, and ap parently everywhere, so thick were they studded about ; but I could not' hear ; a voice/' as every man for onco seamed to be minding his own business.- Talk of the witches in Macbeth — ' twas exceeded hero. Moreover, this was real. I lieard several persons got buslibd ; and on visiting the ground in the morning, suoli a hig gledy-piggledy of pegs I never saw. The Church of England Messenger for July contains the sermons preached by the Bishop aiid Dean of Melbourne oh St. Pcter's-Day. Tlie bisliop preached froin Psalm 107 V 43, and: dwelt ' on tlio providential expansion of the: church. Tlie dean preached from Rev. 2 v 1, and argued for episcopacy, and lamented tho ' sinallness of results. He makes tho following largo assertion in tho course of his Bcrmon : — : "To our American colonies bishops were! steadily refused, for reasonB of imaginary, policy, and thus , tliey were lost to tho church ; ' and, consequently, ' both by natural sequence and, by righteous' retribution, those, fair pro vinces wore lost to tlie State." Fancy 'Horace Greely writing an article, or the leader of Tarn- many- Hall speaking upon tho. iogic of that Ben-i tence ! In an article on the " Liturgy of tho' 'Church "of England," the writer has tho follow ing note : — " We do not mean that wo approve of everything in our church services. AVe, our-' selves, should be glad if tho so-called creed of Athanasius wero excluded from them." " Fisher-: .ism "--is stated, to be " spiritism and ;nothing else." AVe should say'it is a gooi deal else, if- lha imWomnot' rnnnwfa oto'Ii'Ijq meetings for fallen women are deprecated aB: doing ' more harm than good) In a report by Bishop Patteson itis affirmed that many natives- have beon forcibly ' taken from the- islands of Melanesia for labour purposes. Remarking that: the use of : the knife is be coming rather common in quarrels/ the /Ballarat1 Mail says— "At tlio City Court on Tuesday/ Edward Spiccr, a middle-aged man, was charged on remand with stabbing Jamei Malorioy. Tlie i prosecutor gave ' ovidonce that Spicet was his mate, and .tliey -worked under Mr Neil M'Neill, : aroad contractor. . at AVarroiiheip, living in tlio samo tout together, , .They had spent! last Sun-; dsy; together nt'. Porcy!s hotel— a. fact -for the1 police to . take note of — and- after having a fow1 glasses of liquor came to words, not altogether' friondly. - On reaching their tent in- the ovening; tliey quarrelled again,- and Spicer alleged that ho' would kill prosecutor;, " as he bad done more, than ono before." Maloney loft/ 'and on again) entering tho tent to prepare for bed, prisoner rlislicd out: and stabbed liim in tho arte.' ! He! was afraid of being killed, and ten out of the hut; ; but,- overcome.- by loss of blood,. fainted on the; roa'd. "He subsequently .went te Persso's, re mained tliero all night, and next day wont to the Hospital. It appeared that tbo constable who went to arrest Spicer found him-'liiding in a pig sty, and carried him off from that inglorious; position.- 'Dr' 0\Ven gave' evidence that 'tho! wounds would probably causo' stiffness of the; "fingers, tlie tendons having been divided, and; tlio prisoner, who said nothing in Ilia dofonco. / j was committed for trial," J . A Mr Penny (says the Dubbo Dispatch), who for tho past twelve months or so lias been re siding qt Tntteraall's hotel, Dubbo, has by the death of his father in Londoh become the possessor of £20,000 or i'30,000. Ho started on Monday-for Sydney, in company with Mr AV. G. Grey, and intends going to England by the noxt Suez mail. We understand that he has been left by his father's will solo executor. A telegram to the S. M. Herald from Forbes states : — Tlie bushrangers John Thomas and AVillinm Road, have been committed for trial at tho next quarter sessions at Forbes. These desperadoes wero armed with splendid breech- loading rifle guns and revolvers, Tho gallant capture of these men, near Bourke, by sub, inspector Stephenson and liis men, after a long and arduous chase, it is thought merits some reward, as, by tlier timely capture, many a deed of violence has been prevented. Somo man, who was judge in a small colony,: says the Spectator, had to try a prisoner on a charge of theft. Tlio prisoner pleaded guilty, but the judge, with that tenderness to criminals which characterises the English law, advised him to take his trial. This was done, aiid_ tho jury acquitted tho prisoner, on which tho judge ad dressed him in his sternest tones, — "Prisoner at the bar, you havo confessed yourself a thief, and tho jury have found you a liar, — begone from my sight !" A feat of strength and endurance was per formed on Thursday morning by a respectable labouring man named Andy Lawson, the S. A. Advertiser states. He engaged to carry a bag of flour, weighing 2001b, on his back without resting or assistance of any kind to his home at Alberton, starting from the Port, the distance being a mile, and a portion of tho way being through heavy sand and crossed by a couple of, fences. He succeeded in completing tho task; within 27 minutes, and received the sack of flour.from Mr AVilcock as a reward for. his excr-: tions. The passengers by the mid-day train from' Melbourne, on Tuesday, were startled by the sudden up-raising of the Irish wail for the dead, ' on the Kyneton platform. Tlia sound caused a general rush to the spot from all parts, says the Advertiser, and tho general merriment was checked by tho sight of about twenty tearful women, who were raising the mournful cry in; concert. AVe learnt that a young man named James Howe, of Malmsbnry, who had gone to Melbourneon business, diedtherequiteunexpec- tedly, of disease of tlie lungs, and that the mourners on tho platform wero a portion of the funeral consort. The numbers who afterwards, followed liis corse through the town to the Ceme tery formed one of tlie largest funeral trains ever! seen in Kyneton. The Chief Secretary, the lion. C. Gavan Duffy has addressed the following letter to Mr; Isaiah Andrews, in acknowledgment of tlie; receipt of fclte resolutions passed by tlie public: meeting at Talbot, on the 8th inst. : — " Sir, — ; In answer to tlie resolutions of a public meeting, - of whicli you wero chairman, which you wore kind, enough to forward to mo, I beg, on behalf- of myself and colleagues, to offer to you and to! the members of the meeting our cordial thanks; for the hearty approval you have given our policy, and for yoiir determination to support, us in case of an appeal to the country. AVe; trust that our future action will serve to confirm; the good will which you haveBhown towards us. , —I remain very ; sincerely yours, Q. GIvast Duffy. I. Andrews, Esq." ...... AA'hat (asks the. Ballarat Star) are the chemi-' cal; peculiarities of an Australian north wind 1 AVe put the. question to scientific meteorologists. The peculiarity of. tlie wind to which wo draw attention is ono which belongs both to the. scorching blasts .of the summer and the cold! gales of winter. Both have the effect of pro-: during bad air in our mines. On Monday some' of tho miners on the Sebastopol plateau could-' not ; work. On Tuesday - tho samo effect: was: noticed in the Grand Trunk Company's mine. at Piggorect. Somo of the directors visited the mine -oti Tuesday, but had to go a long way in: drives where candies would not burn because of the foul "air. AVhen the wind' shifts from the- north the effect ceases. Possibly some of our savans can explain the thing in terms intelligible to the unlearned. 