TELEGRAPHIC MESSAGES. [FBOM OUH OW» COBUKfirONDENTS.] BRISBANE. Friday, 8'40 p.m. . TUB Railway excitement continues. I The Legislative Council have passed a réso- lution in favour of Railway Extension. In tho Legislative Assembly, Mr. fyfe pre- sented the petition in favour of the immediate extension of the Northern line lo Expedition I Bange. I A public meeting was held in the Town Hall to-day. Several liberal members were present. It was decided that the proper course would bo ! to obstruct the Government until the Ministry adopt a liberal Railway policy. The Opposition are unanimous to follow that course, and bring all possible pressure un the Govern meut. Mr. King's Gold-Uelde Homesteads Bill has been rejected by the Assembly. The Gold Duty Hepeal Bill passed its second reading. 9 p.m. The Committee appointed at tho Citizens* Meeting have decided to aik the co- operation of the electors of Ipswich, Toowoomba, Dalby, Warwick, Rockhampton, Clermont, and Copper- field. Mr. Palmer, in a speech, said the Govern- ment had no intention to commence the Nor- thern railway this year. Mr. Archibald Archer has accepted thc ap- pointment of Emigration Agent. THERE luis been no business boforc (lie Police Court since Wednesday last. ME. Dil.Y, postmaster, received a telegram from Gladstone yesterday afternoon, stating that the s.s. " Blackbird " would leave that port at 7 p.m. Sho may therefore be expected here about noon to-day. STATE of the Hospital, week ending 19th May : "Admitted during the week, 4 malear discharged, ? males ; died, 1 male ; remaining in Hospital, 21 males and 2 females ; total, 20. The Secretary begs to acknowledge with sincere thanks, some clothes and à pair or boots from C. S. D. Melbourne, Esq., far the use of the patients ; also a parcel of clothes from ii. W. Kisicn, Ksq. AMONG the passengers per P. and O. Co.'a mail steamer " Geelong," waB Mr. Charles H. Allen, formerly of Rockhampton, and now the Secretary of the Central Queensland Meat Preserving Company {limited). Mr. Allen comes out to be present at the starting of the works. Mr. Joseph Brown, the meat preserver, will arrive by tho " Blackbird " to-day. TBK Bill published in our Thursday's issue ! with reference to pastoral occupatiou, was through a typographical blunder headed " The Pastoral Leases Act of 1869." The heading should hare been " A Bill to amend the Pastoral Leases Act of 18%)." The measure was intro- duced into thc Assembly ouly a few days ago, and has not yet been read a second time. Whether it will ever become an*1 Act11 or not, is very problematical. WK received information last night t.hat there were about 100 diggers on the new rush, about eighteen miles from town, near Table Mountain, i The run of gold ia supposed to be about a mile and a-half long, and the diggers are said to be j getting from 1 dwt. to 8dwts. per man per day. There are already two stores being erected. The J Cawarral reefs are looking up, and the Helena, ' formerly the property of the'Cawarral Company, has been taken in hand agaiu and ie being I worked profitably. Ttos Morinish Quartz-crushing Company hare mada arrangements with a Mr. Parr, to have his tailings machine erected on their property, lo be propelled by the Oompaoy's engine, in order to operate upon the large quantity of tailings which hare accumulated in their yard, lt is expected that by passing the tailings through this machine, at least 4 dwts. of gold to the ton will be ob- tained-a yield amply sufficient to afford a goad profit after all expenses are paid. The profit ia to be shared equally by the Company sud Mr. Parr. This arrangement will not in any way interfere with the crushing machine, which will be employed during this month, in accordance with a practice adopted by the Company fur j some timo past, of crushing erery alternate ! I month. MB. W. A. CIUPSUS continuos to perform Iiis wonderful fails of legerdemain at the School of Arts, and to defy the searching scrutiny of the most keen- sighted and sharp-witted among his audience. Poor Willie's nose is apparently subjocted to the most cold-blooded Slid barbarous treatment, yet that versatile young gentleman emerges from the operation with un- diminished personal charms-at least, the young lady visitors make solemn declarations to that effect as econ as the next trick begios. The " Man sealed up in a Sackful of Ghosts " con- tinues lo create a great sensation, and must be seen to be appreciated. For to-night " million prices " are notified, and, as their corollary, a crowded house may ho anticipated. We notice that Mr. Ohapman has generously offered to giro an entertainment on behalf of the Hospital, and that a meeting of tho Committee is called for Monday afternoon to consider iho proposal. WE are always read; to give honour to whom I honour ie due, but occasionally the Diorite of ovcr-inodeit people escape recognition through mere inadvertence. As in Parliament, the Speaker is supposod to use neither eyes nor ears until his attention ia directed to a point of order, so our " local " writer cannot with propriety take uolice of private enterprise until his attention is invited by means of au advertisement. With thia brief preface we way remark that great altera- tions und improvements have lately been made in tho Leichhardt Hotel ; that the premises have been considerably enlarged and the accommoda- tion increased ; and that its proprietor can with justice claim for it the position of a first-class hostelry. Externally and internally the hotel hos boen renovated with paint, and the premises now present thc appearance of being "spickend span new." With such a house, tho attention of Mr. Joyce and the civility of his servants cannot fail to secure for the Leichhardt a full share of the patronage from tho travelling public. IT will bo seen by our telegram from Brisbane Hist Mr. Pulmer's cry still is "No Burrondor!" notwithstanding that the Legislative Council hare passed a resolution in favour of railway extension. Another public meeting has been held in Brisbane on the same question, at which it was decided that the proper courao would be to obstruct the Government until the Ministry adopted a railway policy. Our correspondent also states that the Opposition have unanimously resolved to adopt that course. They hare un- questionably a perfect right to do so. Tho Treasurer promised his financial statement on Tureday last, and until tl lat promise is fulfilled the Opposition are bound to offer every possible obstruction. The truth is that the financial statement must be made in Committee, where the Opposition bare a majority of one. Heneo tho Treasurer's delay. Defeat on tho budget must be followed by resignation, and the advent of the Liberals to power. We hare yet hopo Mr. Palmer will yield rather than commit political suicide. Al Hie risk of giving tone and paint ta the j Sundsy reflections of our susceptible contem- porary iu Quay-street, we must beg that in future he «rill extract fram our columna with a little less audacity than he hus lately exhibited. With his erudite disquisit ions on political, morah und social philoaoohy, we make it a paint never to find fault-it might not be iu good taste to do so. And when in Monday's paper wc receive our accustomed column of reproof, we accept the compliment iu the spirit in which it is con- veyed, and cordially reciprocate the kindly attentious of the writer. Tndeed, his weekly* diatribes impart to us sensations rather agreeable than otherwise, and they are clearly beneficial to him. Therefore wo should bo among the last to object to the honours of " long primer ;" and if wa usually fail to acknowledge them, it is because matters of publie interest have greater demands on our available space. There ls one point, however, on which it is impossible to remain silent. While grateful for our contemporary's compliments, we cauuot hut feel annoyed at his systematic appropriation of our telegrams. For example, in Wednesday's Argus was tlirec- qaavters o( a column of " Telegraphic Intelligence," ostensibly received ." From our own Correspondent." The first five liuos under the heading were from a genuine correspondent no doubt, es the information they contained was very unimportant. But the succeeding half-column or more waa clipped in its entirety from Tuesday's Bulletin, with (lie authority in diminutive itulic type at the foot. Then followed a small batch of Adelaide telegrama dated " Monday," leading the unwary to suppose that the liewa was only two days old. whereas tho initiated would pcrceir© on getting to thc end that it munt hit YO been taken from the S. M. Herald of Tuesday week. If we wrote tn plain English, wc should call this a contemptible trick, but, haring eu ma regard to the amenities of jour- nalistic intercourse, wc slu.ll describe it as expert plagiarism. Those of our readers to whom thc Northern Argus is accessible, will no doubt find some important parliamentary intelligence, which we procured at considerable expense for Thurs- day's Bultefin, republished verbatim, in this morning's issue of our contemporary, as from his *' own correspondent." To save appearances it will probably be precoded by a brief despatch from the Argns* own manufactory, and fol- lowed by some telegrams from one of the southern papers. Throughout Australia it is considered discreditable for one journal to persistently copy telegrams from another pub- lished in the same tono, even with an acknow- ledgment: but the practice of palming off Btolen telegrams as "own correspondent's" despatches ÍB contemptible, and deserves the re- probation of everyone wishing to be supplied with regular and copious telegraphic intelli- gence. We have no legal remedy against the injury complained of, but we shall certainly use every possible effort to put a stop to it by continually proclaiming our contemporary's malpractice. We are resolved to call attention in our local columns to every future offence of the nature referred to; but we will yet indulge the hope that this will be the last occasion demanding notice of so disagreeable a topic. * Our Imp tokes exccpUoD to tuc orthography here : he holds that thc word tiliould be spelled teeaklpi we stick to uar owe oplulou nevertheless. BEZUBIJR information was received in town yesterday of aérerai recent casca of poisoning on stations near Springsure. At Hr. Farmer's station, Laie Salvator, a Mrs. Bedstone poisoned herself* with strychnine, it is believed wilfully, a few days ago, and died shortly afterwards. About the same time three children at Mantuan Downs station took strychnine arridentally. In one case the poison had a fatal effect, and the other children were very ill on the date of the latest intelligence. Inspoctor Murray waa to leave Springsure on Tuesday last to hold a magisterial inquiry into the cause of death in each case, and no doubt our correspondent will kindly furnish us with the particulars iu due course. Ins awkward gap inKast-atrcet,known aa the (late) Custom-house Reserve, is nowbeing rapidly Oiled up with a row of the most stylish shops north of Brisbane. Two of them, built by Mr. I Joshua HinchlhT, are already finished and occupied, one as an outfitting warehouse by our old aud respected townsman, Mr. L. Sandal, who . to-day announces in our business columns the ! opening of his new premises | the other as a boot factory and warehouse by Mr. C. J. Skardon. In establishing his machine boot I factory, Mr. Skardon has shown an amount of ! enterprise deserving of the highest commenda- tion, and af substantial encouragement from all wearers of boots and shoes. The factory in question is well worth visiting I it is titted up in tho most complete manner with the newest and most perfect machinery, which ia worked by a staff whose weekly drafts upon their employer's banking account must be considerable. The existence of such a spirit of enterprise among our traders as is evidenced by the numerous im- provements being made in business premises, goes to prove that if times are dull there is no cause for despondoncy. Tint Committee of the School of Arts have concluded au arrangement with Mr. T. W. I'Erson, for the establishment of an evening class in connection with that institution for in- struction in vocal music. A more suitable con- ductor Utan Mr. FEraon oould scarcely be found in the eolonios, and we are delighted to hear that his great abilities and singular aptitude as a teacher of the musical art which havo been so well brought into exercise in the conduct of tlie Rockkampron Philarmonio Society, are about to be made more widely available for the advantage of the town. The admission fee is fixed by the Committee at 5s. for members over fifteen years, aud under that age, 2a. 6d. As the conductor will be put to considerable expense and trouble in carrying on thc class, the Com- mittee have guaranteed bim remuneration at the rate of £52 per annum for the first quarter. We feel sure, however, that the class will be very generally patronisod, and that the fees will be more tlisu sufficient to render the Committee's guaranteo altogether un- necessary. This class will afford a auitable pre- paratory course of training for the Philharmonic Society, and will doubtless ia conjunction with that society exercise a most beneficial and elevating influence on our community. Its tendency will also be to raise the character of our church psalmody, which in too many places of worship in Rockhampton is calculated to repel rather than attract persons of cultivated taste. We would strongly advise everyone who has nerer'mostered the rudiments of musio to join tho class, and wc think that parents should take advantago of the low fee of admission, and enrol their children as members. SEVERAL petty robberies have been reported to the police during the past week. We learn from Detective Dyer that about twelve o'clock on Monday night Mr. C. Fitzsimmons, formerly M.L.A. for Rockhampton, and now a resident of Mackay, retired to bed at Mrs. Hill's Railway Hotel, leaving one £5 note and two £1 notes in his waistcoat pocket. On awaking in the morning he found the bedroom door open and his clothes strewn about the floor. On ex- amining his vest, he found the money was gone. Another person who slept in the next room, had £1 1s. stolen from his vest pocket on the same night, and most likely by the same thief. The rogue tlien. appears to have visited Mrs. Donleary's Denis' Hotel, for about three o'clock in the morning, Mr. Desmond, a toacher at the National School, was awakened by bearing a I noise in bis room. Thinking the intruder a dog, ' he sat up in tho bed, when he saw a man go out at the door. Mr, Desmond then got up, and, on examining his clothes, found that a deposit receipt for £50 had been taken from his purse. A handsome ccurf ring hud been also taken from i hie dressing tobie. The thief seems ta bare visited thc rooms of all the other boarders, and to havo boen mean enough to eteal two shillings from one, three shillings from a second, and a pair or cotton socks and a match-box from a third. On Wednesday a bedroom at the Albion Hotel KUB entered, and a silver watch and nine shillings in silver stolen while its occupant was asleep. The matter hos been placed in thc hands of Detective Dyer, and there is little doubt that this picker-up of indiscriminate trifles will soon meet his deserts. But people who have property to lose, or who ob joct to clandestine visits to their bedrooms at night, Iud better secure their doors and windows.-On Friday night, a fellow entered one of tho bedrooms in Cramp's Criterion Hotel, where Mr. F. F. Macdonald was at the time in bcd, Buffering from an acute attack of rlieu matiem. The man stalked into the room, and turned down tho lamp, evidently desirous of being talen for a waiter employed in the estab- lishment. Having taken that precautionary measure, lie proceeded to examine Mr. Mac- donald's clothes with a view to rifle his pockets, when the apparently sleeping gentleman raised himseir suddenly, and struck the intruder a heavy blow in the back. The fellow greatly surprised and terrified rushed out of the room, and in haste to getaway stumbled in the passage. Mr. Macdonald was too ill to follow him, but shouted for assistance, which, however, did not come in time, and tho rascal was lost sight of. Tn G uncertainty of quartz-mining specula- tions has been exemplified in a manner fur from agreeable to the eburedoldcrs of the Pioneer Company in the course of their operations on thc Hector Reef. When the Company started, a small quantity of stone from this reef, assayed at the Sydney Mint, had given a return al the rate of about G oas. to the ton. The Company could I not of course obtain such returns from their own machine, as the simple process of crushing failed , to extract all the gold. Their returns, however, were at first highly satisfactory, varying from I 1 oe. to 3 ozs. per ton. Aa the workings pro- gressed, the stone, which was very hard, and raised with some difficulty, apparently declined in quality, yielding only about aa ounce to the ton. But after some months an improvement began, and the yield soon recovered its original average. Ten shafts hod been aunk, eome 80 ft. to lOOfL, in seven of which the reef had been etruck-the stone throughout being chiefly con.» posed of mundic, and quantities from all these shafts yielding from 1 oz. to upwards of 2 ott. of gold to the ton. Up to this time the mine and crushing machine had both been under the superintendence of Mr. White. That gentleman. ' waa, however, -compelled by failing health to relinquish bia post. The directors of the Oom- . pany were unable for some time to obtain a suitable manager to take charge or the machine, but temporary arrangements were made for continuing thc worts at tbs mine, and before the stampers could again be sst to work, the quantity of atone at grass amounted to about I 60O tons. A. manager was at length obtained, and thia splendid looking mondie stone was put to tho test, when, to the dismay of the share- holders, it gave a return of only 6 dwts. or 6 dwts. to the ton. Tho latest surprise ia con* nection with this mine is that a few tons of white, barren looking quartz, which had been picked out of the mundic and thrown aside as not worth crushing, bas been passed through the machine hy way of experiment, and has averaged a rotura of over an ounce of pure gold to the I ton of stone. There is reason to believe that thc mundic which has of late turned out so badly, contains the precious metal in os large quantities aa that extracted from the stone of similar appearance, which gare rich yields last year, for the presence of the gold can be easily detected by chemical application. Two of the ! directors, Captain Hunter and Mr. Risien, have determined to send a ton of it to Sydney for assay, in order to ascertain its value and the nature of the metallic combinations which have recently proved so baffling to the efforts of the directors. We confidently believe that the reef is a really good on«, and trill yat prove a most valuable property. HOW OttB pATBIOTfl ABS TEMPTED.-The Brisbsne correspondent of tba Maryborough Sk Chronicle, who is popularly supposed to write f under ministerial inspiration, mentions that " there is an on dit afloat to the effect that the billet of Parliamentary Librarian, worth some £300 or £400 a-year, has been offered by the Government to Mr. Atkin. I cannot vouch for the correctness of the rumour, ncr am I informed whether the offer, if made, is likely to be acceDted, or not." I POPULATION OP GnrriE.-The Gympie Timet i of Maj 10, makes merry over oar ?** audacity " ' in estimating the present population of the Wide Ba; Gold-fields at 2500, and thinks 4000 for Gympie alone to be nearer Ute mark. The retort may pass current with tho».- who can understand how 4Q0O people cad br supported by tho reefing io connection with two crashing machines. Wo can't. However, time and the Census will show who is right.-SI. Chronicle. , FiTit. ACCIDEKT AT NEBO,-Tire announce« ment of the death of Mr. Henry Bush Trundle, at Nebo, will give a shock to many of bis old friends and aoquantances iu and about Brisbane. Ile left here only a week or two ago, full of health and hope, to fill a situation to which he had been appointed in the Telegraph depart- ment. Although a good horseman, it acorns that, while out riding a few days alone, his horse by some means or other fell and rolled on bim, causing internal injuries from which he died yesterday. He belonged to an old and much respected Brisbane family, and a very wide circle of frionds will sympathise with them in their sudden bereavement.-Courier, NATIVE INDÜBTBY.-We observe that a now industry bas been started in Clermont, at the premises known as the Old Bank. Mr. Isele has now got Iiis soap works in complete order, and notifies that he will supply the public with a firsl- claaB article at lower prices than it can be imported. Hitherto the tallow on the Downs has been in a great measure wasted on account of the cost of carriage, but now the district will save the money hitherto lost on tallow, and paid for the importation of the manufactured article. -Telegram. SAD BÏKEAVÎMENT.-It is with feelings of the deepest regret that we (Peak Downe Telegram) announce the death of the wife of Mr. John Mackay, of this journal. It ¡B not our custom, nor do we now wish to draw tho Veil from domestic suffering; but a bereavement so sudden and unexpected, attended by .euch peculiarly melancholy circumstances, and occur- ring in the midst of our small community, calls for a few remarks. Mrs. Mackay arrived in Clermont just eight months ago. During her short sojourn here she gained the esteem of all who came in contact with her, by the quiet exercise of every domestic virtue. Wnen the movement for the establishment of a School was originsled, her attachment to the retitement of her family circle did not prevout her joining cordially with the other ladies in town ia furthering that charitable object. Generally enjoying good health, a slight indisposition on Sundav last (7lh Mav) did not attract much attention. On Monday more serious symptoms sot in, and by Thursday tbs greatest alarm was felt by brr friends, 8jao breathed her last on Thursduy evening, causing a most melancholy sensation in town, which will extend, we under- stand, os soon os the fact ie known, to a large circle of frionds in Rockhampton. The Funeral on Friday naB largely attended by people of all classes, every house being closed, and every possible mark of sympathy and respect being universally shown. This sad occurrence is rendered more distressing by the fact that two little children are left behind, who aro happily too young to appreciate their loss. RAIIWAY MEETIFO AT CLEEMORI.-The Peak Dotont Telegram of Saturday last reports a railway meeting held at Clermont on the Clb instant. The Mayor presided, aud tho assem- blage was more influential than numerous. The first resolution, moved by Mr. Graham, with some appropriate remarks, and seconded by Mr. " M'Leod, read as follows i-" That this meeting "*"? approves of the Rockhampton petition in favour of railway extension."-Mr. Winter said he did not think tho proposed extension to Saunders i station in the right direction. He thought the j only true railway policy was to run lines duo west from the coast, or as nearly so as the natural features of the country and centres of population permitted. Tho present extension after erossin? the Goffaniro Ban (rea oiurht. - he thought, to ruo "due west "without reference to the present roads. That direction would bring it to the Mackenzie at a point about eighty miles from Springsure, and the same from Clermont. The country too would be level and weih supplied with timber j the proposed line was over a ridgy country, most of which was boggy, making a bsd founds* tion for heavy works. However, if the present proposal were carried out, it would be a great thing for the Peak Downs. The only obstrue tion between Clermont and the terminus would be the Mackonrie River, the rest of the country being level, and free from bad creeks. Be therefore moved the appointment of com» înittees to canvasB Clermont and Copperfield. ~ The motion waa carried, and after sosie routine business the meeting terminated.-The Telegram mentions that over three inches of rain fell at Clermont on the 10th and lltb instant. AN ACTESSS Bram.-The Brisbane Courier reports that at the Alexandra Theatre on the night of 3rd May, " during the third act of Truth and Falsehood," attention was attracted by a loud scream from one of the dreasiDgo.i.on». Mr. Lionel Barding, who was standing at one of the wings, instantly rushed to the spot from whence t he cry proceeded, and wat horrified to perceive that the unfortunate young actress' dress was on fire. Tearing down a curtain he enveloped Miss Wilson in its folds, in order, if possible, to quell thc flames. Wo sooner, how- ever, did she feel the Gre ia contact with bar body, than, giving vent to another piercing soream, she tore the curtain off her, and break- ing away, rushed on to the stage towards Miss Bosa Cooper, when the consequence would bava been etill mora disastrous had it not been for the timely presence of mind displayed by Mr. Creagh, who, perceiving that Mun Cooper's dress Ind Already caught fire, tore it off, and pushed Uer from tho buming girl. By this time several others had arrived to render assistance, who pulled Miss Wilson off thc stage, throw her down, and wrapped a second covering round her, which speedily extinguished the Blames, not, however, before the unfortunate sufferer had boen very severely burnt in various portions of lier body, mora particularly about the breast, arms, and legs. Mr. Harding then came : forward end announced that in consequence of the sad aeoident the burlesque would not be pro- ceeded with. Mies Wilson was speedily con- veyed home, where she WOB ettondod by Dr. Emmelliainr, who states that the injuries rc- ! ceived, although of a Very serions nature, aro j not, be trusts, so severe as to prevent her re- covery. It ii hardly necessary to say that tho j unfortunate accident caused considerable eon- j aternation amongst the audience." f THE MOUNT PBERV COPPER M rut-Dunne tho week thirty-four skilled rainers hare arrived from Adelaide, and twenty from Peak Downs, to work at this mine. It will take a week or two for them to settle and get a start «nth their work, and after that aa many drays aa can be obtained will be kept going. The branch road to the mino leaves the Gayndah road about (Ive miles beyond the Didcot Hotel (Mrs. Irwin's), -_and ia about thirty miles long. Mr. M. Smith, .he leader of the party that opened it, informs us that it ia naturally a good road all through, with but one- pinch, which can he avoided by a detour of about a mile. The Burnett crossing has a good bottom of rock, and is not difficult in the approacher The whole length of the road to Maryborough by this route is about 90 miles, A road of about 75 miles could be made, through the . Stanton Harcourt diggings, woning the Burnett at tho conjunction of Degilbo Oreel, and this eventually will no doubt be the line adopted by the Government ; but until a road is properly mode, the great object is to get aa quickly as possible on to a firm, well ? established highway, and - the lino opened fay . Smith will OB this aocount be sure to be followed j until tho Government ase the necessity of making j a direct road to the mine.-if. Chronicle. i BLOOP STOCK.-We {Warwick Examiner) Understand tbat a »hort time since, F. J. C. Wildash, Esq*, of Calming Downs, purchased some thoroughbred Allies from the well-known Tocal Stud, in New South Wales, and it must be ?oopeidorod extremely fortunate that such good blood bas been secured in this colony, the lillies being the daughters of thatoelobrated old bone Kew Warrior, which so recently and suddenly died at Tocal. He was tho sire of many famous race- horses, amongst which may be men tioned Volunteer, Tim Whiffler, Tarragon, Romula, tas., and at the last Homebush meeting four prizes were carried o(T by his progeny We also hear that the «ame gentleman haspurchased the well-known thoroughbred entire Tamerlane, from Mee.«rs. Carpendale and Vanneck, of Grantham, for «tad purposes. Tamerlane comes from tho Newbold stud on the Clarence Hirer, and is .by Sir Hercules out of Blooming Heather, combining the stout blood of Whalebone and Vagabonds \eii half-brother to the renowned Barb, Yattendon, Volunteer,' CoBsaok, Zoe, to, Oakover, tic., and it is expected the results of crossing the New Warrior with the Sir Hercules blood will prove highly satisfactory both to the owner and to those -who patronise the turf. KEW ErTrRBtPBTBE.-ït i» pretty well known that wallabies, paddy-melons, Ao., iure in- creased in numbers wonderfully since' the disap- pearance of the aborigines and of tbc dinga from tue rune, and that, inhabiting the scrubs hy thousands, tbey consume miles of pasturage on some of the stations to the serious préjudice ?of the sheep, «0 much so that tho settlers aro .obliged to resort to all sorts of expensive expe- dienta for their destruction. They run them into yarda, and lura them into pitfalls, and hire people to shoot them, to «lay, burn, and utterly destroy flesh, bones, «kins,and furl Mr. Boche, on the other hand, acting on tba rational «opposition that these skins make leather of tho softest kinds, fit for boots or fit for gloves, and that furs are wanted in cold countries, has also eet men to work to destroy these animals, bntto preserve their skins, for which he paya them at the rate of 6s. per doten, and already he has in his receiving stores ebeve a thousand «kins, all apparently wdll preserved and neatly assarted, and made up into bundles for transmission to Europe.-Dalby Corretpondcnl Jptteick Ob- tenir. 8m GKOEOE Bowns ur na, ODOUR.-A Wanganui (N.Z.) exchange saya, rather im- pertinently-"The Ge vernor abroad ia a con- founded nuisance. We are continually receiv- ing telegrams (for which we. have to pay) of his advent in one place sud his departure from another, bis levees, banqueting, receptions, end whose guest he waa. The worst of it is, that no person cares a jot about the Governor, and the telegrams are not worth the money. Wo have «. good mind to inform our correspondents not to «end any more telegrams about tho Governor, Sinless be has lott a leg or an arm. It ie devoutly hoped for that the Governor will settle down in the bosom-of his ftmily, mid put us to rio more useless expense in paying for telegrams which ito alie «Dares totead. We shall certainly not in- flict noon our Press friends the punishment they ?are Mlioting «pon us, when his Excellency comes to Wanganui. Topless", thom, however, we may telegraph (bat the Governor is here, the guest of the chairman of the public meeting." LTFE AiaCBiNCE.-The following is an extract from the Twenty-second Annual Report of the Australian Mutual Provident Society :-v Tour Directors have tho satisfaction to announce that during tbs past year the progress of. the Sooiety has been steadily maintained at the advanced rate for which the preceding year waa remark- able. Swing the twelve months ending 23th February, 1871, there have been received 8,027. Propasáis for sums amounting to £1,213 339 of which 10*7 hive been declined, withdrawn, or Ddt completed for £7HfiS5. The New V Premiums amount to £32,662 16s. lld., of wfaicn £8699 ll«. Sd, represents Single Pay- ments." 