THE WEEK. the sovereignty of fiji. Sir James Martin's learned disquisition on the rights of the Crown, in reference to the occu pation of Fiji, will no doubt be duly estimated by the Imperial authorities. Of course they can't see the knot of the difficulty half as clearly as our learned " lawyer man"— Carlyle's designa tion of him according to Mr. Parkes — can see it. He has, therefore, forwarded them — per the Governor — a ponderous opinion on the legal aspects of the case. It struck us Lord Kimberley was only suggesting a mild way out of a diffi culty—namely, annexation of Fiji to New South Wales. His recommendation may be impracti cable or impolitic, but it is, at all events, a common sense view of the case by one only im perfectly acquainted with our local political condition. There was not the slightest grounds for lecturing — or hectoring— his Lordship on the subject. Sir James Martin thought other wise — or thought so good a chance of showing off should not be lost. He exhibited accordingly, and the Herald approved of all he said, with a mild expostulation that the poor devils of whites in Fiji should be allowed some little privilege in the way of establishing some kind of govern ment for the protection of their lives and property. Our Premier's modesty will assuredly become the admiration of English statesmen. intemperate temperance men. The torch-light demonstration in the neighbor hood of Belmore Markets, on Saturday evening, was one of those displays which turn a good thing into ridicule. While every sane man in the community should do his duty in suppressing, so far as he is able, the spread of Drunkenness, he is not called upon to wave a torch or mount a stump — much less to bear the infliction of stump-orators' speeches. We shall never make men temperate by Act of Parliament, nor sober by displays of intemperate and offensive zeal. The eloquence and flambeaux of Messrs. Goold and company were lost on the picturesque crowd that surrounded them on Saturday, and laughed at their ludicrous antics. There are, fortunately, agencies at work in this city which will ultimately bring about the regeneration of its bibulous in habitants—or a majority of them — without having recourse to Permissive Liquor Bills. mr. parkes again. This versatile individual is ready to jump into the political arena once more. The independent Mudgeeans are invited— through whose superla tive presumption we don't exactly know — to elect him as their representative. Perhaps they will. Let them if they like ; but we trust no Irishman will record a vote for him. There are deadly sins in politics as well as religion. A man who could play the part Mr, Parkes has played during the last four or five years is equally unworthy of confidence and respect. He sowed dragons' teeth broadcast all over Austra lia. . He raised a Ghost — not that of Kiama — which will not be laid for years to come. He discovered "a new crime," although he never gave it a name ; but the upshot of it was that Irishmen were to be first distrusted and then despised — first accounted disloyal knaves, and then kicked and spat upon when it so pleased their loyal colonial superiors ! He concentrated the poisonous constituent of the Treason-Felony Act, which Mr. (now Sir James) Martin pounded into a measure. And this is the man — fickle as a vane in politics — false to every man who trusted him during a tortuous public career — the avowed enemy of Irishmen — who is now (Hea ven help us!) being brought forward in the " Irish Catholic interest " as a sort of state necessity — as the power which alone can oust i-"U 4- Dflntioni A r»v»rl arlrHorl 1 1 1 1 1". I "nn I I Ij y V GI I I LliGH u# A/ vvl vJL/lVA CvIIVv viv4ViX\y\A thoagh it is, it is better fifty-fold than any cabi net in which Mr. Parkes would have chief con trol of the wires and thimbles. We have suffi cient faith in the keen intelligence and sensitive honor of our countrymen to feel assured they will not rashly place reliance on the most intre pid of all colonial slanderers of their race and political aspirations. While a young Australian, well educated and of unblemished reputation, like Mr. Innes, is willing to serve Mudgee and the country, it would be an insult to the intelli gence of any constituency to reject him for a Mr. Parkes — no matter how influential the Irish Catholics in Sydney are , who, for their own sel fish ends, are bringing the latter forward, or encouraging him to try the chances of office again. Should he be returned, we shall begin to think we are at the antipodes of the mother country in more senses than one — intellectually as well as geographically — morally as well as physically. What a pity the government did not succeed in subsidising Mr. Hall's ocean ser vice ! If they had, we should have probably been spared this further infliction of Mr. Parkes. the law institute. It seems this is a five-years'-old institution ; and has already had to be reformed and re- mouelled. The fact does not speak well foi the acts and entente cordiale of the profession, al though it gives point and piquancy to several of Judge Hargrave's remarks at the second inau guration on Monday last. His Honor read a very sensible unaffected paper on the occasion, and gave sundry recommendations to law-students, bearing on their studies, morals, manners, and personal appearance, which they would do well to remember and follow. We, very much fear reforming law is like " reforming our tailors' bills." We hear the cry often enough ; but we see little of the outward and visible signs of reformation. the holidays. There are symptoms of festivity manifesting themselves in all parts of the city. The caterers of the public, in the way of amusements, have published attractive programmes. Two panto mimes are being prepared for the delectation of children of all ages and sizes. The musical world puts in a claim to special patronage — the distinguished Madame States having just arrived in time, to make' our Christmas musically more enjoyable. distribution of prizes at lyndhurst. A very gratifying exhibition of the educa tional progress of the students at St. Mary's College, Lyndhurst, was made on Thursday last. His Grace Archbishop Folding presided. A numerous assemblage of the parents and friends of the pupils proved the great interest taken in the Institution. The Rev. Dr. Quirk, President, read the prize-roll, and his Grace distributed the prizes — very handsome volumes — to the young intellectual athletes. An address, full of paternal unction and sound advice, was de livered by the Most Rev. Archbishop. This pleasing reunion was brought to a close with the usual schoolboy manifestations of enthusiasm at the arrival of the vacation. miscellaneous. Had not the Mail news occupied so much of our space in this issue, we should have urged at some length the strong claims the Sydney Aca demy of the Fine Arts has on the Government and the public for support. Those claims, how- . ever, are sufficiently obvious as to exclude the necessity of elaborate advocacy. The case of Dr. Beer now before Parliament will command our early attention, as it affords an extraordinary instance, in these latitudes, of the miscarriage of justice. The Bill for reclaiming the Blackwattle Swamp having received the sanction of the Legislative Council, may be looked upon as one of the few good results of the present session of Parliament. We have received a few Book and Sheet Almanacs for notice. They are all good in their way — Bradshaw's especially — but hardly copious enough to meet public requirements. New South Wales Land League.— On .the evening of Thursday, the 14th inst., a meeting was held at Punch's Hotel, King Street, for the purpose of forming a league, under the above name, to oppose the. passing of the new Land Bill. Mr.. B. Rhodes was elected pre sident, and Mr. J. W. Cox, secretary. Another meeting was held at the same place on Monday evening last. Eight or ten persons were present. Mr. B. Rhodes presided. It was stated by the secretary that the number of names enrolled was thirty-four. Upwards of a dozen additional names were then given in. Some conversation ensued, from which it appeared that the clause of the Land Bill relating to pastoral homesteads was particularly objected to by the meeting, as being too favorable to the squatter. A commit tee, consisting of Messrs. Lippmann, Cox, N. Melville, Melville, jun., Ryan, and M'Donald, was appointed to draw up a, protest against the bill ; and the president and secretary were deputed to solicit the assistance of members of Parliament in carrying out the object of the league. Some other preliminary business was disposed of and the meeting closed. Tttu'. Stato Dm?.!? A Ttaatt-dw Pcnrlr'nor +.Tift completion of arrangements for . a regular operatic season, the director has announced his intention to give three grand concerts at the Masonic Hall. The first of these will take place on the 27th, when Madame States will afford the musical connoisseurs of this city an oppor tunity of hearing her for the first time in Austra lia. This lady achieved a brilliant success at the Italian Opera House, Paris, and has been so flatteringly noticed by both the European and American Press, that already there is some curi osity to hear her. Signor Susini's name is well known in connection with Covent Garden Opera House, "where he was considered successor to Lablache. The other members of the troupe also bear European reputations of a high char acter. 