CITY CORRESPONDENCE. [From our own Correspondent.^ Adelaide, May 31,1871. Samuel Womkwsoa is himself again. He has gone through a period of great mental de spondency; he has been bitten hard, and the poison has rankled long and painfully; he has seen goods evaporate while he slept securely with the key to them under his pillow; he has seen the ingenious magician who superintended the sublimating process disappear, reappear, and, after all, escape his clutches; he has gone through the galling experience of being over hauled by a greater than he; he ha3 been curt to his customers, moody to his officers, strange to himself; be has even been known to counsel a well-meaning citizen who waited upon him to secure his patronage for an important invention, to quit this mortal sphere and take up his abode in other and sunnier climes ; but, after all, he is himself again. He has broken the spell, he has triumphed over his feelings, he has bowed out his inspector and 'recovered from the pain of parting, and he has resumed the role of Samuel Tomkinson. All his old simplicity has come back to him, and with it all his well-known customs. He has resumed his occasional strolls past 'Change, he has replenished liis stock of smiles, he has reappeared at the Chamber of Commerce, and—last and most infallible sign of complete restoration—he has begun again to write to the newspapers. Not a scrawl of three or four lines humbly worded, but a long trenchant letter, full of telling points and spiced well with harsh personalities. On this occasion there are two men in quite a different walk of life who have come tinder his censure, and it is hard to tell at one glance which he deems most worthy of it. The first is the Bev. J. L. Parsons, who has j been bestirring himself actively and successfully on behalf of Charles Douglas, the wife-murderer; the other is Charles Douglas him Belt He opens ! by sneering at Mr. Parsons for having called attention by letter to his self-denying labours on behalf of the criminal, remarking that but for the letter the labours would have been over looked. Then he breaks out into a tirade against murder as a profession, and against Douglas as a skilful master in it. He draws a graphic picture of the murder scene, which has the merit of being quite inconsistent with the evidence given at the trial, and therefore all the more valuable and interesting. Thence he proceeds to declare that all his sympathies are with non-murderers— a fact which to avoid misunderstanding he was wise to mention—and as a victimized taxpayer demands that the Rev. Mr. Parsons and his con gregation should be charged to maintain by periodical collection the life of a man whom he and they had helped to save from the gallows. With wonderful self- control he; made no allusion to one Charles Edward Tide maim, now in Her Majesty's gaol, whom a few days ago he was trying all he could to get sent to meditate amongst the geological periods at the Dry Creek under the supervision and at the cost of the j State, for having been too cute for the Manager of the Bank of Australasia—said Manager being j himself. The day after his letter came two replies—one from Mr. Parsons, and one from j that very respectable, and evidently unannealed j phantom "Shakespeare's Ghost." Mr. Parsons I naturally expresses his regret that Mr. Tomkinson j with his knowledge of the murder did not offer J his testimony at the trial. If the facts were | personally known to him he should have come j forward as an ordinary witness; if they had been i revealed to him, he ought to have tendered his evidence as an expert in the clairvoyant line. Nest he disabuses Mr. Tomkinson's mind ef the fallacious notion that Douglas was a member of his church; and finally he gives the irascible Manager a Roland for his Oliver by mildly sug gesting that only through the medium of his letters are the public aware what a pragmatical and egotistical colonist there is in South Aus tralia. Through a long course of years Mr. Tomkinson has been laboriously building up the reputation of an oracle, and now to be told that he haB been spending his time in writing himself down a 'pragmatical egotist is hard to bear. I suppose he has J tried to reply, but the uncon scionable Editor lias cruelly closed the door to further communications, so that the stigma remains nnlifted from him. " Shakespeare's Ghost" unblusliingly quotes the remarks upon mercy which Shakespeare incarnate has the credit of writing, and reads Samuel Tomkinson a moral lesson upon the propriety of restraining his nasal organ from obtruding itself into other people's business so long as there are bonded certificates to keep straight and smart auctioneers to circumvent. This gives words to the ideas that have been floating off and on for years in the |minds of a considerable class in the com munity, but our Financial Friend is so racy that it is to be hoped the reproof will not be taken too much to heart. Another question on which there has been newspaper discussion is the never- ending pre cedency business. The precise point which this edifying controversy has reached, I know not. I followed it up to the levee, and lost sight of it there; but it appears that some one else is dis satisfied. One man, " John Henry," has written two letters of the Higginbothamite flavour, urging that precedency should be dealt with by the colonial authorities, alias the Governor, Government, and two Houses of Parliament; but his recommendations are so mixed up with learned disquisitions upon promulgations and non-promulgations, allowances and disallowances, that it would take more time than I can spare to decipher his meaning. Then one Silas Mead, LL.B., writes denying that one J. Medway Day has no official position as representative of the Baptist body; and J. Medway Day writes admitting the soft impeachment, but in the most independent way claiming his right to act on his own responsibility. Some one else—"G.C." I think it is—cruelly suggests that as the Bishop wears an apron he is entitled to the priority privileges of the fair sex. Another letter of the alphabet;—" X," if I mistake not—protests that there are no such things as Churchmen, and if there were one would be as good as another—a proposition which is indisputable. Not content with this, and not waiting for indignant denials, a correspondent returns to the charge next day, asserts on his own personal responsibility that the Bishop has no title to a bishopric as his letters patent are of no more value than so much wastepaper, adding in a spirit of true catholicity that Churchmen are Dissenters, and Dissenters Churchmen—a proposition which, I suppose, is also indisputable. Then, to confuse matters, enter the Bishop in propria persona, seated upon the "historic basis of his Church," ready to receive penitent Dissenters who wish for union— the Right Rev. Doctor's idea of union being evi dently absorption. Against him stands up the Rev. James Jefferis, L.L.B., who begins by deny ing the " historic basis," and ends by declaring that " Christian union" is impossible on the terms propounded by His Lordship. Thereupon His Lordship once more enters the field, reasserts the " historic basis," and with patriarchal sorrow regrets that his reverend friend has ex cathedra declared union to be impossible. This reply has the one cardinal virtue of being short—in feet,1 for the matter of that, it is Short all over. It states nothing definitely, then throws a glamour j of liberality over the statement, and winds iip ! with {the Episcopal substitute for the editorial brevity, " The correspondence must close here." He thoughtfully adds that he bears no malice towards any one, and that he magnanimously forgives all whom he has attacked. Whether Mr. Jefferis will rest content with the reply and muse out its hidden beauties, the public know not— and, I believe, care not. Catching Bishops—or at all events our Bishop—is like catching old and tough eels. The trouble is great, and the recom pense in the case of success infinitesimally small. The best way to settle the presidency question and the Bishop would be for the various denomi nations to subscribe a handsome sum to enable His Lordship to retire to the mother-country, and in that extended sphere find due scope for his liberality. There he would have DisBenters to work upon; here he has a stiff-necked race of equalizers, who will never be satisfied until they get him reduced to plain Mr. Augustus Short— D.D., if he is entitled to the duplicated con sonant. The Germans have been celebrating the decla ration of peace. Tbey are not an excitable people in a general way, but when they demon strate it is with a vengeance. On this occasion they determined to make the affair national, for they carefully excluded the English. At seven o'clock they met at the National Hotel, formerly the Tivoli, but now of good repute. In the ball room they packed themselves like herrings in a barrel—jost allowing for wind enough to supply the laughter valves, and to enable them to shout their " hoeh." The national cheer of the Ger mans is " hoch," and lager beer and the " hochs " on Monday night were a caution. Laughter and "hochs" kept the audience employed about a couple of hours, in the course of which a lot of musical selections were capitally given by the Band and Liedertafel, a three act drama of local authorship, spiritedly enacted, and a tableaux vivant of the " Wacht am Bhein" presented; the basis of said tableaux being a handsome girl, who was much admired and well smothered in blue and red smoke. Besides the dramatic per formances there were fireworks, and these fire works were on a scale of brilliancy that perfectly eclipsed Knight and all his pyrotechnic glories. There were 101 rockets, and a flight of sixty rockets, and all the sparkling, revolviug, and exploding lights classified under the general term " Feuerwerk." After this came a banquet, at which a perfect volley of poetically patriotic senti- | ment was talked. Then came a ball, which kept every one out of their beds until morning. Through the whole celebration, the most un bounded satisfaction was expressed at the issue of the war, and the most exuberant loyalty and devotion avowed towards the Emperor and his family, Bismarck, and Moltke. Does anything, after all, succeed like success ? I see it has been stated that Mr. John Colton has declined to come forward to represent Light, and that Mr. Lewis will only give a conditional promise. Perhaps in enquiring about, you would think it worth while inviting Mr. K. D. Boss. I have not the least idea what his feelings on the matter of entering Parliament are, but he would make an excellent representative, and, I believe, an able and thoroughly conscientious legislator. He is far above the stamp of men that form the rank and file of Parliaments. 