SIR WALTER SCOTT BANQUET. LAST evening about seventy or eighty gentlemen gentlemen met in the Masonic Hall to celebrate, by a banquet, the centenery of Sir Walter Scott. A number of ladies were present on the dais, The gallery was occupied by a musical band. The hall was decorated with flags and floral specimens. The chair was taken by Dr. Badham. On his right sat his Excellency Earl Belmore, the Bishop of Armidale and Grafton, Dr. Cox, Mr. W. Neill, Mr. Stanger Leathes, the Hon. J. B. Wilson, and Rev. J. B. Laughton; on his left, Sir Terence A. Murray, the Hon. John Robertson, Hon. Mr. Owen, Hon. J. Richardson, Rev. Dr Lang. Among those present were the Hon. S. D. Gordon, the Hon. C. Campbell, the Hon. W. B. Dalley, Captain Beresford, Captain McLerie, Mr. Fraser, M.P., Captain Baynes, Captain Moody, Rev. R. Lewers, Mr. Judge Francis, Messrs. R. Anderson, J. Moore, D. McPherson, Geo. Russell, C. M. Pitt, T. Spence, B. James, Charles Moore, J. B. Watt, E. S. Hill, Munro, Mclntosh, T. Rae, &c.; The Hon. E. Deas Thomson was prevented by indisposition from being present. Dinner being ended, and grace said by tho Bishop of Armidale and Grafton, the chairman proposed "The Queen." In so doing he called on the Iadies present to " drink only with their eyes," while the gentlemen with their glasses drank tho health of her Majesty. The toast was loyally honoured; as was that of "The Prince and Princess of Wales," and that of " The Governor " EARL BELMORE, who was received with a burst of applause, said he would endeavour to avoid failing in the duty owing to them, by anticipating those able and eloquent speakers who had been entrusted with the toasts of the evening. He thanked them for the ovation with which they had received him. The CHAIRMAN then proposed the "Army, Navy, and Volunteers." The toast having been taken up. Captain BERESFORD returned thanks for tho army. Captain BAYNES returned thanks for the volunteers; and called on Mr. Pitt, who was in active service in the Volunteer Force, to respond. Mr. C. M. PITT (of Windsor) said he believed they had as good men in the Volunteer Force as any in any part of the world. They were as well trained as the regular army ; and if called on to defend the country they would not be wanting. He found in the ranks of the volunteers Englishmen, Irishmen, and Scotchmen, and his own countrymen (natives). If he (Mr. Pitt) ran away, he would be the first of his family that ever turned his back on an enemy. (Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN then entreated their forbearance whilst he entered on the task which had been laid on him. He was going to Bay that he was unequal to the task of praising Sir Walter Scott. But who was equal to it? The man most pregnant in fancy, most rich in imagination, most graceful in language could never come up to anything like praising one who had been consecrated in the memories of a great and powerful country. His praise had long ago sunk into deep and permanent admiration. And who am I (said Dr. Badhaam), that I should give utterance to thoughts that you are content to leavo unuttered, and to transmit as feelings to your children? Is this a time to lecture on the merits of Sir Walter Scott? Many excellent disquisitions might be made on his various characters, on their adaptation to the history of the times; as to how far Sir Walter Scott had encouraged the true study of history, and how far he was meritorious in originating that romantic period of literature which sent into utter darkness the miserable pseudo-classics that preceded it. He (Br. Badham) had neither the preparation, nor the presumption, nor that utter want of sense of the time and place, which would prompt him to profane this solemnity by introducing matters that here, at least, must appear pedantic. (Hear, hear.) They were not come here to celebrate great talents, but to celebrate a solemn commemoration for great benefits received. (Applause.) The Duchess of Wellington, wife of the great captain, a few months before her death sent to Sir Walter Soott to thank him most warmly for the many hours of relief and comfort which his works had afforded her during a long and hopeless illness. And were there not many here, many in the colonies, many in the mother- country, who could match that anecdote with anecdotes in their own families ? (Loud cheers.) He (Dr. Badham) could remember dear faces gradually pining, pining almost too much to express the inward agony, proving in their eyes the calmness of cheerfulness, almost of joy, whilst he was using the wand of this powerful enchanter, to beguile their sufferings. This, he believod, was one of the greatest benefits Sir Walter Scott bestowed on all who speak the English language, and all to whom English is accessible through translations. His works had gone into more households in all European countries than any other. Thwy were the most pervading and permeating of all works that he (Dr. Badham) knew. (Applause.) How many a weary suspense,—how mum an hour of enforced idleness, how many an hour of wearisomeness and disgust, occasioned by our petty cares, or petty squabbles, had we—he would not say sanctified—but purified by letting in a volume of the Waverley novels, just at the right time, and giving our fancy to be purified from all unwholesome contents by something from the heather, or from Palestine, or from tourney, or any other magic scene he (Sir Walter Scott) might have conjured up ? (Hear, hear.) They came here to commemorate a benefactor. All men of genius were a benefit to us. But there was this distinction between Sir Walter Scott and others-that he, by pursuing a humbler kind of literature - for confessedly he stooped from poetry to adopt it-he had contrived to introduce himself in a noiseless way, and make himself welcome even almost before he was recognised. He comes with such a soothing sweetness upon us, that we may hail him not only as a benefactor, but as our beneficent friend. (Cheers.) He was a great consoler. He had smoothed many a pillow, he had made many a voyage supportable, many an anxious week or month a little less unendurable. And what were his enchantments ? Would that he (Dr. Badham), instead of these lamps and bunting, and Australia's foliage, could put round this room a few pictures illustrative of Scott's great scenes. But he could, they could—any one could bring them up by the wand of that enchanter.. (Cheers.) There was Rebecca and the Templar—there was Bailie Nicol Jarvie! Then again was the Clerk of Copmanhurst carousing with old Rieland! (Cheers and laughter.) He (Dr. Badham) dare not trust himself; for he would people this room with all sorts of phantoms! The spell of this magician was so powerful that they would all conjure up ghosts in his name ; and perhaps those ghosts might jostle each other dangerously. (Laughter.). There was one thing more, which they need not shirk, in the case of Sir Walter Scott, as they had to shirk it in may cases of equal or even greater men. Often they heard praise of the author, and either ominous silence or that lightness of allusion that was even more ominous, as to the man. But the man was as much a man as the author was an author, in this case. (Cheers.) He was a man— healthy, not sickly ; not appealing for sympathy to the public for his own sentimental and subjective inertness. He was not moody and morose—not challenging the worship of people to his gloom, as if his gloom or moroseness was a symptom of deity. (Hear, hear.) Lastly, he was a thoroughly pure man. He disdained to gain applause by suggesting voluptuous images, from which every healthy man turns away with disgust. He represented a time that had been much maligned, by lectures on the four Georges and others ; but a time of much that was manly—the timo of Wellington and Nelson—a time of great courage, in the Cabinet and elsewhere. And he (Sir W. Scott) sympathized with all that manliness—because he was manly himself. Look at his heroines—not the heroines of novels—not those heroines whom at the beginning it was agreed to dispose of in marriage at the end. Those were not Scott's heroinos ; but such as Flora Mclvor and Minna Troil—people that were never married—people that never settled down comfortably. (Cheers.) They could not deal quite justly by the gentler kind of feminine character; but the momont they required—not a Paphian Aphrodite to swell under their fingers in Parian marble, but a stern unbending Scottish woman, then he would hew her out of granite. There was not a single feminine feature wanting ; but there was that hardness which all the dapper and sentimental had not. Scott had such a manly character, that he despised all low female adulations—adulations by women, and adulations addressed to women. He kept his own youth unsullied, as the greatost offering he could lay at the feet of his future bride. (Cheers.) He had his faults ; but those faults were not of a sickly kind. He lived so much in the world of romance; and he so detested the vulgarities which pervade society from the top to tho bottom—(hear, hear)—that he threw himself out of the world in which he lived into an old chivalrous half-fanciful world of his own. He (Dr. Badham) hardly believed that such a world ever existed ; but Scott believed it, and wished to make Abbotsford such a castle as was in the oldon days. There was an historical confusion in his mind. And with a natural ambition of being the head of a family he dreamed that unhappy dream of Abbotsford. Then came the commercial necessity to furnish Abbotsford; and then came misfortune and bankruptcy. And what generally came after bankruptcy? —a most heroin acquiescence in the loss of one's creditors. (Laughter.) But Scott had nothing of that kind. He felt for every man to whom he owed a shilling. He worked; he wrought on that tremendous brain of his, till it fairly broke down. His (Dr. Badham's) own father met Sir Walter Scott just as he was going to the Continent for his health. He said to him, 'Sir, you are Iame." " Lame ! Sir," he replied, ' not at all ! But one year ago I was the strongest man in Scotland; now I scarcely feel myself to be a man at all." There was a heroic old fellow dying in the struggle to satisfy his creditors. (Cheers.) The end of all this was they were come here to commemorate a man who had relieved their anxious moments ; a man who had taken a large share in our literature without profaning it, but always giving it a moral and useful tendency, he called on them to perform a solemn act of commemoration to one of those few men whom Providence vouchsafes from time to time to bestow on the somewhat miscellaneous congregation of persons called "civilized," in order to relieve them from utter commerce and utter barbarism. He called on them to record their thankfulness—by drinking or not drinking—in any way they thought proper. (Cheers.) REV DR. LANG said he had understood that he was to secend Sir T. A. Murray on the subject of the Australian Authors and Press ; and as he perceived that Scotchmen were second best at this meeting he had acceded. He should not, therefore, leave untold the few remarks which he had proposed to make under this ideal arrangement. About eighty years ago there was a literary man in the city of Sydney who was well known all over the United Kingdom at that period, and who is still memorialized in the pages of the Newgate Calender He was was one of the earliest writers of the history of this colony, and his nama was Barrington. During his presidency over the world of literature and fashion in those days an entertainment was given, in the prologue of which, written by this person as an emigrant from Newgate, he described himself and associates as True patriots we ; for be it understood, We left our country for our country's good. Now the only sense in which this sentiment could be understood at that time was that England had settled this country for the purpose of getting rid of her criminal population. But the result had been that, within ninety years of the period when the veritable Hannibal of convicts landed in thsa country, we had become no fewer than six colonies, containing a population of two millions of souls. It was one of the greatest wonders in the history of the world. There was no possibility of occupying this country at the time in any other way than that ; no free emigrants would come after the description given in Captain Cook's Voyages, and Australia would have been terra incognita for ages if it had not been for the getting rid of the criminal population, and sending them here for purposes which it was never expected would become realized. Infinitely greater honour and glory occurred to our fatherland from this single act founding this colony, which was the mother of all the others ; though the action taken was looked upon with contempt by the contemporaries of those who initiated it; infinitely greater honour and glory than for all the victories gained by British valour during the same period, not even excepting Trafalgar and Waterloo. But wo had not only our present but our future to look to for tho honour and glory of our race, our Anglo-Saxon race, whose language he had no doubt would, ere long, be spoken over a larger portion of the globe than all the other languages put together. These were the remarks he had proposed to make in connection with the toast he had before alluded to.; but as he was, he believed, the oldest and most voluminous writer on the subject of these colonies generally—(cheers)—he felt that, in seconding the motion he expected his honorable friend the President of the Legislative Council to make, he should be somewhat like a trumpeter for himself—a position he did not at all desiderate, and he would rather, therefore, speak a few words as to the great man whoso centenary they had met to celebrate. A very different estimate had been given to the people in the mother-country in their consideration of that great man, to that they had just heard from Dr. Badham. It had been given by one of the most eminent Scotsmen and patriots of his day, one who stood unquestionably at the head of the literature of his age—that man was Thomas Carlyle. He thought it was but justice to state what Thomas Carlyle thought of the great man in whose name they were now assembled ; for although it might be a little disparaging, he (Dr. Lang) would perhaps follow it up with something which would make the two ends meet as far as the present were concerned. Carlyle said in teo fifth volume of his Miscellanies that Sir Walter Scott was one in whose nature there was no idea, purpose, instinct, or tendency to be called great; that his life was worldly, his conditions were worldly ; there was nothing spirital in him, all was of the earth earthy ; that there was in him a love of picturesque and graceful things ; a genuine love, yet it was not more genuine than in its wealth endowed hundreds of men, minor poets; that though ho was productive without measure, as regarded quantity, in quality he for tho most part ascended but a little way from the position of commonplace ; and it had been said that few men had written so many volumes with so little in them that could be quoted. (Hisses) He (Dr. Lang) could not endorse this description, illustrious as Carlyle unquestionably was. He believed the great achievement of Sir Walter Scott was the revolution effected in the literary world, and in the taste of the country in raising its character, and in producing an element of which it had previously been destitute;—in banishing from society the waggon-loads of miserable trash that was circulated through the empire, at home and abroad, before Sir Walter appearod upon the stage. That, he (Dr. Lang) conceived, was the great achievement of Sir Walter Scott ; and it was an achievement that Carlyle, with all his English heart and spirit, could never have effected. There was, no doubt, some element of truth in the description he had just quoted. Sir Walter Scott had his failings, like other men. His great aim had been to found a family which should go down to posterity with distinction ; but in those commercial embarrassments referred to in such eloquent terms by the chairman, Scott had set us an example far more honourable to himself, as he (the speaker) conceived, than all the honour and glory to arise from his own projected undertaking. Unfortunately, he placed himself in the hands of publishers, who brought him in a debtor to an enormous amount ; but had he endeavoured to make a composition with his creditors, like many others had done ? (Cheers and laughter.) . No ; he went to work, and he worked almost for a quarter of a century, in order to be able to say he owed nothing to any man. (Cheers and laughter.) Infinitely greater honour this did to Sir Walter Scott than accrued to him from all his writings. If we should erect a statue to him, he (Dr. Lang) proposed that it should be placed in the dome of the Insolvent Court of this colony—(cheers and laughter) —with an inscription—" Here is an honourable man, who worked for a quarter of a century to pay his debts !" (Laughter.) He conceived that Sir Walter Scott was an honour to his country, and well deserved the honour and thanks of the whole civilized world (Cheere.) Dr. BADHAM took the opportunity to read a letter from the Hon. Mr. Hay, apologising for his absence, and proposing that there should be a larger and more permanent celebration of this centenary by obtaining a marble bust of the author, or a copy of the painting of him by an eminent artist, or both, to be placed in the Public Library, which they hoped to see in Sydney some day. He (Dr. Badham) would be glad to have his name down for ten guineas towards that object. (Cheers.) That was the text of his discourse—ten guineas. But he thought the memorial might take a more suitable form than that proposed, or than in the founding of a scholarship. He thought this would only be offer a premium to mediocrity. He suggested that there might be a bursarship, to use the Scotch term, for a poor soholar at the University. The real copy of Sir Waltor Scott was in possessing his generous heart, and that they might have in sending some young man to the care of his (Dr. Badham's) successor. He called upon the Hon. Charles Campbell for the next toast. The Hon. CHAS. CAMPBELL proposed " British Literature." He said he had appeared in the costume of the Highland Brigade partly to evince the gratitude which every Highlander owed to Sir Walter Scott. When his father was a child the Highland laird forbade his servants to teach their children Gaelic. He (Mr. C. Campbell) had lived to see laird give one of his men £5 for having taught his child Gaelic. And this change was due to the writings of Sir Walter Scott. (Cheers.) The literature of Great Britain extended over a thousand years ; and since the blind old Greek poet wrote " Menin aeide thea, Peleiado Achileos " no literature had been produced equal to that of Great Britain. He traced back the descent of her Majesty the Queen to William the Conqueror. He then referred to the writings of the Venerable Bede. But the Celtic language was older still. It was a written language in the time of Julius Caesar. Even our Celtic ancestors had a literature. All our ancestors were indebted for their literature to Greece. There was a peculiar revelation to Greece of art—not only of painting and sculpture, but also of poetry. The earliest Anglo-Saxon poet furnished ideas to our great poet Milton Referring briefly to the writings of King Alfred he expressed his hope that St. Andrew's College would promote the literature of this country. He would not confine himself to the literature of Great Britain, but could not but mention the names of Buchanan, Burns, Dugald Stuart, and Allan Ramsay. Nor would he forget the literature of Ireland or the names of Steel, Swift, Burke, and Moore. He called on them to do justice to the toast he proposed -" The Literature of Great Britain." The toast was duly honoured. Judge FRANCIS responded to the toast. After he had heard a most interesting subject eloquently treated, he had heard the same subject discussed tediously, inappropriately, and even with the additior of a slight to the memory of the great poet. After this, he thought to himself, the sooner they had done with the proceedings of this evening the better. He admired the first speech, but regretted the tedious detraction which followed. He was himself unequal, and felt that no one could possibly, in an after-dinner speech, do justice to such a subject as British literature. By its grandeur and sublimity it made everything in the form of eulogy superfluous, Leaving out the English divines, who were the wonder of tho world, the historians who had recorded the rise and fall of empires, and all the mysterious causes of deoay and restoration ; and laying aside the long list of those who have explored the mysteries of the material universe; confining themselves to the two branches of fiction and poetry - what a world is therein open to contemplation ? They might well feel proud of what the British nation had done. The fair sex had vied with the men in the production of works that was an honour to the nation (Cheers.) Living, we have not many poets. But how many are the links of the chain of poets in all ages of British literature. They looked back to the revival of poetry in the person of poor Cowper. Then they saw the time of the poets and poetasters of Queen Ann. Behind this, they saw a stately figure, Milton, sitting on his throne, "dark with excess of light." In the reign of Elizabeth, amidst a group such as the world never saw at any other time, they saw a stately figure, a poet above all other poets that ever lived. And even beyond that they looked back to " the well of English undefiled," in old Chaucer. (Cheers.) One might feel proud to belong to a land of which that literature is the heritage and the birthright. That literature remains to correct the worst tendencies of our own times (cheers)—to remind us that there are many things worthy of keeping that cannot be eaten or drunk, or turned into money. Ho did not believe that Great Britain would be trampled out by savagery of any kind. The literature of Britain would yet overshadow the world. (Cheers.) Dr. BADHAM then suggested that they should, by a telescopic movemont, condense two toasts into one by calling upon Mr. Dalley to propose the "Australian Authors and Press of the Colony," together with " Lady Belmore, and the Ladies of the Colony." Those were four distinct subjects united together, (Cheers, and Laughter), Mr. W B. DALLEY accordingly rose. He accused that venerable ecclesiastic, Dr. Lang, of having stolen the toast he had intended to propose. By the larceny, however, of that reverend ecclesiastic he had been deprived of one portion of the toast put into his hands. He felt assured of the sympathy and appreciation of British colonists in the literature of their mother-country. He was convinced that they might strive to emulate the example thus afforded them. He thought he had better leave tho Governor to respond for Lady Belmore, and should himself shrink from the responsibility of interfering with those romantic creations of Sir Walter Scott, whioh included Meg Merrilies, or from undertaking the championship of the fair sex in general. His EXCELLENCY returned thanks for Lady Belmore. Mr, E. DEAS THOMSON returned. thanks for the ladies of the colony. Mr. F. S. ISAACS also responded. The Hon. Mr. GORDON proposed the chairman's health, which was Cordially responded to. Dr. BADHAM returned thanks, and tho assemblage dispersed about 11 o'clock. 