TO THE CATHOLICS OF SYDNEY. (Per favour of the Protestant. Standard.) Fellow-Catholics, — Knowing that it would he. worse than useless to ask the daily Press of this city to publish anything/that, may be unpalatable to the " authorities " of the Church in this colony, I ami compelled of necessity to ask the Editor of the Protest ant Standard to permit me to address yon a few lines, through the columns of liis paper. , i I have read in the Hkrald of Saturday last, a reply of the Pope to au address, purporting to emanate from the Bishop, Priests, and Catholic laity of this diocese— an address .expressive of their sympathy with, the "holy" father, under his present trying afflictions— -that is' the loss of his "temporal" sovereignty ; for no one pretends to interfere with his apirtnal, " and the still more important loss of the millions of the " almighty dollar" which heretofore flowed into his treasury chest, from every corner of the world, but which are now in a fair way of under going a -very sensible diminution, since liis king ship is at au end ; and that there is a cliance (a very veinote one I admit) that his "holiness" will in future devote himself to his proper functions, and leave Government, politics, court intrigues, war, carnage, &c.;, to the brigands and cut-throats who make it their special vocation. Tilts address, and the answer thereto, would; be unworthy of- notice, if it did hot contain a- downriglit falsehood. I do not protend to say that Dr. Folding did not; convene bis "slavish" priests and -propose to.- them an address . .expres sive of his and tbeir belief in. their papal " infal libility (how could the poor serfs help them selves?) but I do .'deny that there has 1 been any meeting of the Catholics of this city, con vened for tho purpose of discussing this dogma ! that it lias been- pub before them in a tangible shape ; that, it , has ever been- openly -and dis tinctly announced in the Catholic Churches of this city; how then dare tliis man pre-, suine to say on your behalf — without ever consulting you— that yom accept; the,; doctrine that the Pope, pnr.se, is infallible ? Are you pre pared to say that heretics; assassins, adulterers, poisoners, men guilty of incest, , parricides, and fatrieidcD— men guilty of the . most atrocious and abominable crimes, could , be. infallible, aud this you must be compelled to admit, if you once acknowledge the Pope, to, be infallible ? For, it is beyond a doubt that .scoundrels of the above class have filled the chair of the Papacy— four Johns, xti and xxn ; Pauls, i iiiid'iii ; Nicholas, I ; Sixtus Quaftiis'VTiin'oecht,'"viir ; Alexander, vi ; Julius, ii ; Leo, ix, &c.-; It would be tedious to recapitulate the atrocities committed by some" of the monsters who filled the chair of the Papacy, and this is not attested ! by Protestant historians only, but by; Catholic writers, French; German, Spanish, Italian and.. English, by Mezeray, Fcroni, Paulu's Joisu's, and a host of others. Are yon then a mere slavish herd of thought-., less animals— an untiiiuking .rabble-whose only- duty it is to lie " hewers pf wood .and .drawers of. water" to. a' set ' of jiieii in 110 way superior; to yourselves, either liy lineage,' education, habits, oPthought, or the iiiiintiers Or' usiiges'.of gentle-', men j but' who by sohio ' hocus- pocuh' aflix'the' the mystic letters O.S.B. to their names, (re- minding one of the old times in this city, when there were Monks with the H.P.B., 'Hyde Park Barracks' brand to be seen at tlie corner of every street), and imagine they have a prescriptive right to do as they like with your bodies and souls, but especially with your purses ? Will you be ever a degraded servile lot— a mere multitude as to numbers — but of no more value, as citizens of a free state, than so many sheep ? And sheep you have proved yourselves to be with a vengeance I For more than thirty years you have been clipped and shorn with a voracity that may be termed of the Shark- Siiarkey ; but do you know how the fleeces have been disposed of ? Do yon know how many thousands of your money have been squandered in rambling over Europe in order to rivet the shackles of a priestly despotism tighter upon you ? How many upon the ladies' of the Demi monde ? Ghosts of Abbots, Deans, Priors, &c.; , what say you to this ? My friends, you have been cheated, swindled and fleeced in such a manner that you may well exclaim, " Boni pastoris, est tondere pecus, lion deglubcre " — that is, it is tlie duty of a-good Shepherd to shear his flock, not to flay them ; but you have been scalped and flayed ! and for wliat ? Ave you bettor now — more moral, more upright, more just in your dealings ? Bah ! Do you know how your money is being dis posed of at tlie present moment ? How somo of the h'oty men are looking forward to a contingency that cannot be far distant, and pro viding for a rainy day Do you read the papers ? Do you seo that the mother of Father (a poor huckster) buys a property worth £25P0, and the brother of Father (a carpenter) buys a snug "little prjpesty" which cost only £1800, "and shure it was a chape bargain-" Aye, in troth, it was cheap, for it was purchased neither by liis labour, his industry, nor liis money, but by the coiisributions of you — tho slavish, unreasoning, priest- vidden, faithful ! Will youfor ever submitto this ile soul-debasing shuffling, swindling, lifeless system of monkish despotism and prie3t-craft, or will you shake off the nightmare, and rise to tho attitude of sensible, rational, and relleeting men ? I am, &o.;, A GENUINE CATHOLIC. July 18, 1870 