While it is impossible not to admire the desperate gallantey of the French people, one cannot bat feel they are adding to and prolonging a misery already universal throughout the country. The position seems to be, in brief, as follows : — AIT the armies which were to have either marched to the relief of Paris, or hampered and harassed the Germans, have been either cut to pieces or grievously defeated, while the number of prisoners has increased enormously. Bourbaki and Garibaldi, al though performing prodigies of valor, have not the ghost of a chance of ultimate sue-" cess. Food in Paris is, of course, getting" scarcer every day, and some half-dozen of the forts which were to have preserved invio late tLt, beautiful city are either in ruins or have surrendered. Income cases the. very guns of defence have been turned into formidable weapons of assault. Slowly but surely the Prussian lines converge upon the \- devoted capital, and already shells dropfast after sortie has been sternly repulsed ; and it would seem that the last resource of Trochu is to retreat into "Valerien, which may be termed the Acropolis of Paris. This will leave the city open to immediate entry, and it is difficult to see what good can arise ' from Trochu carrying out his threat. Itisneedless here to recapitulate the nume rous engagements which have taken place between the various French armies and the. Germans under Werder and Prince Charles Frederick. In the long run the almost stereotyped story of French guns, French stores, and French prisoners taken, is told over again. And still Europe looks on unmoving, if not unmoved. The conference uponthe Eastern question had commenced its sittings, with every prospect of an amicable settlement of the Black Sea difficulty. This is best shown by the high price maintained by . British Consols. The Czar is either not ready to go to war with the combined powers, or he hopes by diplomacy to gain a portion, if not ail, of his ends. The scream of the American Eagle is not heard this mail, but assuredly would have been had Russia declared war. Perhaps though the voice of the Alabama creditors is beginning to have more effect upon. Congress than the anti- British yells of designing politicians. At any rate, the atmosphere is apparently clear enough across the Atlan tic. The natural good sense of the two nations, together with the repeatedly de- dared willingness to pay on the part of Great Britain, must assuredly prevail in the long run. We presume the long looked-for Cerberus may be expected inside Port Phillip Heads very shortly, as the latest. . news is that she had successfully passed through the Bed Sea. Should her gallant commander succeed in bringing the floating monster safe to its destination, he will be the lion of Melbourne"; : for at least a week, which is about as long" as lions last in the colony. The continued 1 distress in the manufacturing districts . beginning to cause great alarm, and much injury has been caused to property by serious ' - incendiary fires, that have occurred in Leeds and other large centres of mechanic popula tion, The continued illness of John Bright nnii Mr Childers has caused two vacancies in the Cabinet which will hot be readily filled, although their seats at the council board have already been occupied. Ox Tuesday a very important matter was brought under the notice of Sir James M'Oulloch by a deputation from the Mel bourne Chamber of Commerce. At present our means of telegraphic communication by the mail steamers only brings our news within twenty-three days of London. The object of the deputation was to reduce this period to ten days, and the way they propose to accomplish it is as follows:- — The wire is now completed as far as Sourabaya, but it is understood that in a few days the south east end of Java will be tapped. On the" Australian side the wire is laid as far as Cardwell, but in a few days it is expected that the line will reach Normanton, which lies at the head of the Gulf of Carpentaria. Between Normanton and the south-east end of Java, the distance is 1920 miles by sea, and it is proposed that one or more steamers should be put on to bridge this distance, and convey telegraphic messages to the former. port, whence they could be transmitted all over the colony by the telegraph wire. The" cost of thin scheme is variously estimated, but it seems to be generally . agreed that if the steamer ran only once a month, it would not exceed £1500 per month oyer . and above the receipts, and a communication which the Government of "Victoria has re- ceived frdni the Government of Queensland on the subject suggests that the expense should be borne by four of the colonies in the following proportions, viz. : — Victoria, 4-10ths or £600 a month, New South Wales 3-10tbs or £450, Queensland 2-lOths or £300, and Tasmania l-10tli or £160: -Over1 lures have not been made yet to South Australia to join in the scheme, but it is thought that that Government, will join in it, though the line through Queensland seems to be intended as a rival-to the line which is now bring constructed to connect the colonies with the mother country by way of Port Darwin. Should, however, the Adelaide Government join the rest of the colonies in subsidising the Queensland route the cost to each colony would of course be proportionately diminished, it is calculated that the news 'from England .would take turn days to Teach tho south-east end of Java, and that the boats would cross to Normanton in about eight days — thus bringing the Australian colonies within ten days' communication with the .mother country. .The cost of transmitting each . message is .computed at- £3, and it is thought that the number of messages . will _ increase to such an ex tent that a revenue of "at least £10,000 a year will be derived by this means. Of course when the Port Darwin route is com pleted, the scheme supported by the Melbourne Chamber, of Commerce would fall through, for news' will then reach us by that line down to. four days from London. , The Queensland route seems therefore to be designed to serve the purpose of saving "thirteen days in th'e mntime— Tto' fill up "the gap, in fact, between" noW and next October, when the line right through mil have; heen 'laid, and he"' open. for work. To the propositions made by the depute- tion Sir. James M'Culloch did not turn a deaf ear, but' on" the con trary, seemed to encourage the scheme, though of course the usual reference - .to his colleagues had to. be .made. We join ' with the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce in expressing a hope that some thing will come out of the proposal made by the deputation on Tuesday. If by a compara tively small outlay we can get thirteen days' later news from London than we can obtain at present, no hesitation shonld be shown in incurring so useful an expenditure. The proposal made by the Queensland Govern-; ment and supported by the Melbourne mer chants is a feasible one to carry out, and as the former have offered the use of a vessel for the purpose of crossing between Normanton and the south-east end of Java, it only re-_: quires the sanction of the Governments ad dressed, for a start to "be made at once. The cost will naturally enough he regarded as the chief obstacle to the scheme ; but it seems to us that the outlay proposed will be only anticipating events. When the line by way of Port Darwin is completed, it will have to be subsidised by all the Aus tralian Governments. The news brought by that route will be of national interest, and therefore it is only fair that a portion of the expense should be borne by the whole of the community. At present, how ever, we "have only to do with the Queens land route, andas news can be obtained from England thirteen days earlier that way than we can getit now by the P. and O. service; and -the cost is so trifling in comparison with the advantages to be derived, it is to be hoped Hie Government will give favorable attention to the proposals to that end made by the Queensland Government and the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce. \- The branch steamer bringing/the AtMaide por tion of the English mails was sighted off Glenelg at half past six o'ctecja-.rhe news half-past nine, and was quickly published in three successive editions of the Courier. The cause of . the e learner beingfielayedJs not stated.-bulitinay safely be pnt down, to adverse winds in the Indian Ocean, home additional items to what we pub lished In pur extraordinaries, will be found given-, elsewhere. \- We learn by telegram from our own correspon dent that a miner named Wm. Henry Rob-rle, only twenty years of age, was killed yesterday by a fall of quarz in one of tlie mines in that district— the name of which is not sthted. . . The official declaration of the. p6ll for Gran ville took place yesterday, at noon, before the Crown Hotel. Bnniayoog Mr Bacchus, tbe re turning, officer," read the official numbers .polled for each candidate, which will be found given In our detailed report elsewhere. He declared Messrs Clarke and Russell duly elected, and, after a few remarltB from Mr Clarke and Mr Turner, and cheers for Clarke, tbe proceedings terminated. We hear there is a probability of a requisition to Mr M'Dowall to stand for Ballarat West being signed In a day or two. It was reported last night very freely about the town that Mr Peter Lalor is likely to try for a eeat in Baltarat East: Yesterday it' wss; stated in Geelong 'that Mr- Micbie "would be likely tb "seek "a seat for either the East or West constituency. Mr -Lalrr, jt ib believed, wilt offer himself for Geeio'ng WeBt, despite the report of - bis standing for Ballarat East. 'Mr J. H. Connor ia alao spoken of for Geelong Easts in -which district he resides. A Creswick correspondent writes to us as fol lows: — "Mr Editor, — As there is still lime for another candidate to enter the 'field for tbe Cres wick district, could you not recommend Mr Laior to try bis chance there, where he is so well known ? Tours, dec., As Elector." Mr W. C. Smith is announced to address the electors of Ballarat West at the No. 3 Band of Hope hotel this evening, at eight o'clock. The second paragraph is our town talk yester day represented Mr W. C. Smith to have ad dressed the electors at the Koh-i-Noor hotel on the .previous evening, whereas.it was Mr Joseph Jones who -held the meeting apd obtained an nnanimoUB vote of confidence." " ' Mr Dyte addressed a meeting at Bungaree yes terday afternoon, which we report, in .another p'ace. He received a unanimous "vote," apd was frequently applauded. \- "Mr B. Walsh will address the electors at Honan?e "Brewery Tap hotel, Worreoheip road, this afternoon, at five o'clock. Mr Phiippstaildsameetiag pf rtiie electors of Creswick at the Arcot betel to-day, at three; at tire Belfast hstpl, Glendaruei, atfivi; an j tit the Farmers' hoiiLCogliiil'sCreek, at eight. . Mr Miller aduressed - a crowded meeting of electors at ApoHo- llall, Cjnqes, on Monday even ing, when there wts greatcoaiusion. in the midst of which some mischievous "person turned eff the. gas, hut op further harm was done.- -A resolu tion adverse to Mr Miller's" return was carried: almost unanimously. Mr Stewart is eunoucced : to address the electors at the stme place on Thurs- , dsy,:snd Mr Cooper on Saturday, evening; . We learn by telegram that Mr Stewart ad dressed the electors At Talbot last night, when a large number attended, and passed a; unanimous - vote of confidence in" the Candidate. " An amend ment was moved", by the Bev., Mr Mahalm Episcopalian minister, becstue the -candidate -hud expressed bimself-in favor of opening pnblic houses on Sundays, and vecalsr education. The appearance of Mr Mahatm caused great excite ment, and no one'seconded "the amendment.1 Mr ! Miller was to address the Talbot deciors last night. Dr Heath addressed a large meeting in the Gee long Town Hall last night; Mr T. N. Couyee ex- mayor,in the chair. The candidate wna attentively listened to. ' All tire" official returnB io connection with the South Grant election bare hot yet been received by the returning officer, but not the slightest -doubt is felt as to the election of Meesrs "Canhiag- bam, Hopkins, and Levien. The result of the polling tor the electoral dis trict of South Grant in the Egertoe Division is as follows: — M.kPiierson; 69;"Iislor, 43; Stutt, 39; Cunningham, 30; Levien,. S3; 7 Hopkins, 12; Smale,7. _ _ _ " Tbe adjourned meeting of the executive com mittee of the Ballarat East Branch of the'. Loyal, Liberal Beform Association will be held to morrow evening, at the Boyal Standard hotel. Tbe members of the Political Program Asfocia,. tion are rc'quested'to: attend ii general meeting to " be held atBigoell's Brunswick hotel this evening. An advertisement appears In another column. A mealing will be held in tire Eastern Market sheds this evening, to consider the imprisonment, of Hardy and Stephenson. The adj >prned meeting oh mining reform was h Id lost evening in tbe Alfred H-.ll, Mr l)own -s io the chair. Tbrre were about 1000 p,r-ous present. . A report of the proceedings appears elsewhere in cur columns. We are in a position to state that, io con- srqu cce of his electioa foe Granville, Mr Ciarke i.l to-day band ia his resignation .of ihe eeore- t,rjsbip of the BuniDrongshire Council. The Fibrnary sittings of the County Court terminated yesterday, when the r' meinder of tbe cases on the list were disposed of, nnd the court adjourned -sine die, Amoogst the Cases heard was one arising out of the rtfiint race at Like Wcndc'uree between the Myetc-ry end the sampan. After tbe judge bad given bis decision in favor of the sampan, Mr Brown, the owner of tbe Mystery, esssulied Mr Williams, who yesterday sued him for £49 13s damages. Evidence being token, judgment was given for £10 with costs. A report will be found in another column. A large plate-glass window in the front of. Mr lorry's drapery establishment, Stun street, having been recently cracked, a very ingenious d.vice has been had "recourse to, by which tbe dt feet is cot only in a great measure obviated, but made to subserve the purpose of en sdve.r- : tisecneht. The -dshisge has been apparently caused by tbe blow of a stone, and over, tbe centre or fbcu6 of tbe radiating lines of fracture a neet picture of the establishment has been painted, and to this point aye supposed to he con verging numbers of people eager" to make pur chases, the entire affording an opportunity of depicting what is facetiously described as a . "Geographical map and -view of tbe Siege of Parry's." The various figures represented are neatly executed, end certainly convey a some what original idea of the value of painting on glass. At. the £lunes -Police -Court, yesterday, before Messrs Dowtiogi'P.M , Nicholson (mayor), Dnn- can (ex- mayor), Nichols (president of Talbot- ehire). and Grant , J.F.'e; a Charge was7 made by Mr Bichardaon, of tbe Belle Vue hotel, Clones; 'against Police Sergeant Dslaney, of bring drunk- on tbe 27<h December last The bench, after hearing theevideqee for-the prosecution, stated that defendant's solicitor 'need not call up rebut ting evidence, asthey were of opicion that, it "was the most trumpery case ever brought before them. Oase dismissed with five guineas costs. : At the half-yearly meeting of the Geelong Gas Company held yesterday afternoon, it was shown that the profits for the last half-year had been £1520 16s 8d, and a dividend at the rats of 10 per cent per annum was declared. On the motion of Mr G. Cnnoingham, M L. A., tbe number of direc tors was reduced to five, and the auditors' feeB were reduced from £21 to £12 12s p9r annum. Mr C. Ibbotson and Mr W. F. Dueker were- re elected as director and auditor respectively. Theft was en excellent muster of the BVB. Rangers at last evening's pirade, abont 130 members, including bands, attending. -Ou "the parade-gronod the men were put through the ordinary movements in tbe new drill by Colonel Rede, who afterwards turned over the commend to Captain Sleep, the men marching up Sturt street, where practice was made in the new skirmishing drill. The other officers present were Captains Johnson and Greenfield, and Lieut. Bartrop. Captain Macdonald, commander of the new ship Queen of the Thames, now lying in Hobton's Bay, and Mr Moore, one of her owners, who cams out to eee tbe colony and ioteods to return by her, paid a flying visit to Ballarat yesterday, having telegraphed their intention . to Mr East wood, who had previously visited tbe ship. With Mr Bobert Lewis, the mayor of the E3steru Borough met the gentlemen at the railway station on their arrival by the first train, and after break - fasting the party went first to see tbe -'Black Hill Company's works, Mr Newman, the manager, giving the necesesry explanations of tbe various processes of gold extraction. Thence the party visited the Orphan Asylum, and was shown round by Mr Sadlier, the master; and from ihe turret were pointed put tbe site of the Eureka Stockede, and other "objects of interest. The Public Library and Town-hall, Ballarat East, were next visited, after which, pissing the Hospital and Benevolent Asylum, the Parx Com pany's works were inspected, under the guidance .of Mr Fincbam, chairmab of the company. Here the process of ailavial gold-waeliing was shown, the sight of the gold in : the s'uice exciting great interest. The party next drove through the Botanical Gardens reserve, tbe swamp, or rather lake, being an ohjei-t of interest to the nauticsleriind.' The visitota exprasised great plea sure with all they had seen, remarking bow won derful was the town for tbe shortness of its existence, an'd acknowledging surprise at its extent and number of handsome public buildings. After a hasty dinner at'.Craig's hotel, which was We may mention in conclusion that Captain Macdonald ' expressed himself surprised at the' cheapness of provisions; for had he known .that -before the voyege out he could have saved a large amount of stowage and ontiay by provisioning his spip at Melbourne fertile return home. It Is reported that Dr Pinnell, United States Consul at Melbonrne, will leave by the next Cali fornia steamer, owing to Mrs Pinneli's ill health requ'iringxhaogeof clipoate. The only, difference there will be between, the sovereign coined in England and that to he minted at the new establishment" in Melbonrne, will be that tbe latter will have the letter " M " under tbe likeness of ffer Majesty. The sovereign minted at Sydney will have "S " to mark the place of its coinage. Mrs Tonge misunderstands us. We only decline to publish her letter because it relates to some thing which has; appeared in the' columns of another- journal. - The MS. can he obtained ou application 'at this office. The Ballarat troop of Prince of Wales Y. V. Light Horse -will parade this afternoon, at half- past four. Members, will remember that this ' parade is a postponement from : last Thursday, and each trooper is requested.to attend. ' ATaree number of the inhabitants of Sebaa-. topol came to the railway station yesterday to see -one of their oldest aed most respected residents off; Mr J. Edwards, the ex-mayor, hmviog taken his passage, with the whole of hia family, in "the Noriok, for Eoglaud. He has- determined on eettlicg in America. Judging from outward appearances, he was much respected, and will be missed. A public meeting in -connection with the Bal larat Auxiliary Bible Society will "be held in St. John's Church, Soldiers' Hill, thin evening, at eight o'clock, when a collection will be made in aid of tbe society's fands. The. chair' will be taken by Mr B. Eeirsley, and addresses will be delivered bythe Revs. G.Watson, J. J. Halley, and J. W. Watson, and by Uessie G. Smith and R. Gladstone. Tbe news received in Melbourne . ou Tneedsy (says the Argus) of the victory of -Bomula over Tim Whlfflcr in the Lsuuceston Champion Bace excited tbe greatest surprise. . The more had been backed very little by the outside public, while the .price of the veteran in the morning .was 5 to 2 against the field. Croydon had been muchfaccied, but he was nnable to -get a eitustioo. The defeat of -Tim Whiffler will be a great thing fer the ring, as he was mentioned in ail, or nearly all, the double and. treble event bete that, yera.bpoked. Tbe victory of Bcmu'a will probably . have the effect of raising tbe .price of Mischief for ihe Handicap. Pyrrhns was beaten in -Ihe Maiden! Flats by Self- Reliance, but a protest was .entered, . the result of which is not known ye$, . Bentley, of Eureka Stockade rnmory, has, it eeeme, been distinguishing himself in Melbourne. Yesterday's Age writes- — ' 'j be man James Francis Ben trey, who was.- conveyed to tbe hospital on Monday, haviog 'token' a dose of laudanum, is ' now pro gressing favorably. If the statements - made- re specting him are true, hie previous career must have been rather on extraordinary one. He is eaid'to hate been the immediate cause of the .breaking out of tbe riots which occurred at "Ballarat many years ago, and which' conld only be suppressed by the aid -of tire military. He has since that time set up in business in several towns, and has generally managed to keep his nsme before the pnblic. He is now a pick'le maker in Little Bourke street, and, consumed very probably by a thirst for notoriety, be attempted to commit Suicide on Monday last, but was, fortunately for himself, unsuccessful. The portof Wallaroo, in South Australia, seems -to be coming into prominence. Io coneeqnence of two steam-mills being there, a. large quantity of - wheat from the interior: that used to be sent to Part "Wakefield, to be shipped for Adelaide, now finds its way then. Tho barque Kob-i-Nonr, which has just arrived from Wslisroo, brought a quantity of breadstnffs The local paper thinks that the facilities offered st Wallaroo for tbe quick: dispatch.of yeserla will allow .shipmasters there to redoes the charge for freight, and believes, that this circumstance will accouat for a vessel laden with- grain' leaving the Peninsula, for Mel bourne. Tho whole of the horizon presented a most singular and interesting appeerance on Tuesday -night (writes the Geelong Coprrrs) Au im mense cloud, as black as ink, extending from east to -west, "-- travelled slowly across the -town:fropi - the southern ; horizon, shortly; be fore twelve o'clock. The uousnsl spectacle attracted the' general attention- of observers. During tire passage across, the gloom thrown over the town by this cloudy wall was Intense; no object within a foot of the observer could be dis- tineRyseen, 