THE BIBLE SOCIETY AND CATHOLIC MISSIONS. The curious gatherings which take place from time to time amongst some sections of the Protestants under gthe various names of Bible Societies, Tea Meetings, Recognition Services, and soi forth, would be incomplete unless the Church of Rome came in for a certain share of abuse and condemnation. It has been our duty on several occasions to discuss the statements which from time to time have been propounded in our midst against the Catholic religion in order to show how utterly unreason- thev were, and upon what shadowy foundations they were based. That duty becomes' imposed upon us anew by the discourses of certain rev. gentlemen, delivered at a meeting in aid of the British and Eoreign Bible Society, held at Wallaroo on the evening of Satur day, the 18th inst. Erom the report of the proceedings, it would seem that there was none of that odious rancour exhibited towards the Catholic Church, which is the leading characteristic of such meetings, but there was an amount of misrepresentation of facts respecting Catholics and Catholic Missions, which, on behalf of the Catholics of this colony, we cannot pass over in silence. It is a matter of very small importance what particular sect the Rev. A. Stubbs edifies with his ministrations, and the more especially because he appears to be in a state of uncertainty as to what he Church may be. A reasoning mind would expect that certainty on this point should precede the condemnation of any body of Christians who compose a church ! because it is certainty alone which can qualify any one to judge in the case. In the assertion, which we shall presently quote, the Rev. Mr. Stubbs effectually demolished any ground which should lead him to pre scribe the Bible as a rule of faith. " He- thought many people would, like Pilate, ask— What is truth ? It was disputed what the Church was, and whether the Pope was or was not infallible, but he believed in the Bible alone. Truth was founded on testimony, and the truth and reliability of the testifier, God's word was the truth andnotliing but the truth, because it came on God's testimony." Mr. Stubbs informs us that he believes in the Bible alone. We should like him to inform us of the grounds which this belief has to support it. It has no internal evidence of inspiration- it con tains nothing as a booh alone, to give it in the eyes of an indifferent person any value beyond that of being a book, as is proved by the fact that professing Chris tians are by no means agreed among | themselves as to what is the Bible or of what it consists. The Bible does not prove itself. It is composed of the writ ings of various authors placed on record at different periods, and it depends for authentication upon external evidence. We ask Mr. Stubbs where he gets it, and when he has got it, how does he know that it is not a series of fables 1 In this aspect of the case it is quite im material whether the Pope is or is not infallible, but it is in its essence ma terial that there should be a Church ; and if, as Mr Stubbs admits, that " truth is founded on testimony aad the truth and reliability of the testi- ! fier," his belief in the Bible per stalls to the ground, because the truthofthe Bible rests upon the testimony of the Church. But if it be disputed what the Church is, surely the testi. mony of the Church is disputed, and where testimony is doubtfulit can have no value. The concluding sentence quoted above, " That God's word is as the truth and nothing but the truth, because it rests on God's testimony " does not mend Mr Stubb's position for for in all cases where he has given Re velation, that revelation has been made to men who were appointed to testify that He had given it. Now; it is well known that the authenticity of the Old Testament depends upon Jewish tra. dition, and that of the New Testament upon that of the primitive Church ; i£ then, these traditions be rejected as un certain. what means have we left of proving that the Bible is God's Word, as Mr. Stubbs says it is. To profess a belief in the Bible and at . the same time to reject the only authority we have for its authenticity, is a glaring inconsistency, and yet it is one of which all Protestants are more or less j guilty. Mr. Stubbs accuses the Bo- 1 man Catholic Church of substituting " the traditions of men for the Bible,' and asks " if these traditions were as the Bible, what use were they," and says "if opposed they were wrong." In reply to this we will ask Mr. Stubbs what is the Bible itself but a collection of traditions of men ; it was written by men, for. there is no record of our Saviour ever having written a line ex cept with His finger on the ground Wjhenaa woman was brought before Him op the charge of adultery ; it was com piled by men, and has been handed dpwn to us by men, and is accepted by Christians as the Word of God simply and solely on the tradition of men that . it was inspired by the Holy Ghost. Prom this it is evident that the tradi- ions of men are not only useful to us as a guide in the interpretation of the Bible, but absolutely essential to the establishment of its "authenticity. The Rftv. Mr. Backhouse observed, " the Wallaroo branch was in an inchoate state, but looking around at the . peculiar mineral wealth of the district, he could not but think what it owed to , the Bible." We don't exactly see the connection between mineral wealth and the Bible, for even if the good folks of Yorke's Peninsula could make picks and shovels with which to dig out the ore out of the covers of the Bibles with which the j Bible Society claims the merit of having iso liberally furnished them, the Bibles ; would even then only be bringing to light 'treasures which did and do exist quite: : irrespective . of the Bible or of . any Di vine revelation. The Rev. Mr. Back house's observations upon, the . labors of the Jesuits Fathers in Japan and the comparison he draws between Catholic. Missions and those of the Bible Society are, however, peculiarly unfortunate, for if there is one thing more than another in which Protestantism appears to dis advantage it is this very, matter of the propagation of the faith among the heathens. Catholic missionaries fur-; nished with no other equipment than the bi aviary and the cross from time to. time have gone forth and have almost in- variably succeeded in planting the faith in regions where before them no Euro pean had ever dared to set foot. Pro testant missionaries, though laden with Bibles and other articles of merchan dise, and protected by ships of war, have as invariably failed. As for the Bible Society missions, we have no hesitation in saying that the whole system is a gigantic swindle. Money is extorted from confiding wo men and children ostensibly for the pur- pose of converting the heathen, but in reality for no other object than that of enabling a horde of reverend scound. relstorevelmluxuryinforeignlands,and by the viciousness of their lives bring disgraecand contempt upon the Christian name. Wherever the emissaries of the London Missionary Society have obtained a footing they have proved themselves worthy successors of those who eighteen hundred years ago brought upon them- telves such a scathing condemnation at at the hands of the Divine Founder of Christianity. " Ye hypocrites ye com pass sea and land to make one proselyte I and when ye have made him ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves-" These are serious charges but they are capable ot being proved to be literally true, and we are prepared to undertake the task upon the testimony not of jealous rivals in themissionary field not of the Jesuit Fathers whose labors Mr. Backhouse speaks of so disparagingly, but on the evidence of Protestant eye-witnesses. In the limits of a newspaper article it is, of course, impossible to travel over the whole field of operations embraced by the Bible Society Missionaries, we| shall, there- fore, confine our observations atpresent to to the country which Mr. Backhouse refers to as having been Christianized by the London Missionary Society. " The Roman Catholics, he says under French "patronage, resisted the influence of the missionaries. Recently, when in Sydney, he had seen a letter from Tahiti,, bearing testimony to the faith fulness of the Tahiti Christians to the truth of the Bible, and asking assis tance." What the " truth of the Bible ' is. as understood by the natives of Tahiti and other South Sea Islanders may be gathered from the testimony of men whose Protestantism is above sus picion, and who therefore, must be re garded as impartial witnesses. " It is a yery remarkable fact," says the Mis sionary Williams, unconsciously pro nouncing sentence upon himself and his companions, " that in no island of im portance has Christianity been intro duced without (not the Bible) but a war His own "converts," he admits i" acted with great cruelty towards their i enemies, hewing them in pieces whil# ! they were begging for mercy." Already they had become cruel and sanguinary, and impartial witnesses affirm that it was the missionaries who made them so« " The new religion, says Yon ELotzebue| " was forbibly established, and whoever would not adopt it were put to death | With the zeal for making proselytes, i the rage of tigers took possession of a I people once so gentle." ... The i bloody persecution instigated by tin i missionaries, performed the office of a . desolating infection."+ This evidence is confirmed, by Oommo. dore Wilkes who found war. i aging a| Tongatabooin 1 846, which he says " »vaf a religious contest" promoted by the missionaries. " I was much surprisec and struck," he says " with the in difference with which Mr. Rabom spoke of tha war. He was evidently more inclined to have it continui than desirous that it should be put ; stop to ; viewing it in fact as a mean of propagating the Gospel ! I hai little hopes of being instrumental ii bringing about a peace, when such ue christian views existed where it wa least to be expected." J And how it is natural to enquire were the natives of Tahiti induced to profess a religion introduced by such teachers, and which they were encouraged to propagate by such means 1 Mr. Williams, who was a principal agent in these proceedings, will -tell us, "some thought by em bracing Christianity, vessels would be induced to visit them ; many hoped by adopting the n'ew religion to prolong their lives." And then he quotes the speech of one of their chiefs, who thus recommended the English religion to his people : — " Look at the wisdom of these worshippers of Jehovah, and see how superior they are to us in every respect. Their ships are like floating houses, so that they can traverse the tempest driven ocean for months with perfect safety ; wheras if a breeze blows upon our canoes they are in an instant Narrative of Missionary Enterprise in the South Sea Islands by the Rev. John Williams, ch. xii. p. 49. t Kotzebue's New Voyage Round the World, vol. iii. ch. i. p. 2. $ United States Exploring Expedition, vol iii. ch. i. p. 12, upset and we are sprawling , in the sea These persons are covered from head to foot in beautiful clothes, while we wear nothing but a girdle of 'leaves.' Tlieir knives too, what valuabe tliings they are ! how quickly they cut up our pigs, compared with our bamboo knives. How, I conclude that God who has given to his white worshippers these valuable things, must be wiser than our gods, for they have not given the like to us. We all want these articles , and my proposition is, that the God who gave them should be our God. Having arrived at this conclusion, they eagerly agreed to assist the missionaries in forcing all the other tribe3 to adopt a religion which imparted to its happy votaries such beautiful clothes and such excellent knives. Similar evidence of the interested motives which have in" duced the natives of Tahiti to accept what Mr. Backhouse calls, the " truth of the Bible," is afforded by Lord Waldegrave, Dr. Russell, Mr. Cargiil and a host of other Protestant wit nesses, too numerous to specify par" ticularly in thesecolumns. We cannot however, omit quoting a remarkable pas sage from the Edinburgh Review , Ho. 53, p. 217, which endorses all that we have said respecting the pernicious influence of the missionaries of the Bible Society upon the natives of Tahiti. " Un happily, eradicating idolatry, the mis sionaries, from whatever cause, have failed to substitute any better principles in its stead, and the only effect of the change produced, has been to degrade Christianity to the level of the most "brutish idolatry, without making one 'step toward raising these miserable idolators to the- rank of Christians. The people, consequently, are as much barbarians and savages as ever — or rather they are worse , for . they have borrowed from civilization nothing bu t line Vices uy Wiuuu iu AO uisuuiiuuieu. This, then, is the sort of Christianity 'which the Bible Society missionaries ' have introduced into Tahiti, and which Mr. Backhouse at the meeting held in Wallaroo, so confidently asked his " audience to contrast, with the work performed by the Jesuit Fathers in Japan. Well — we will contrast it, and a very striking contrast it will be, not ' exactly however, in favor of Mr. Backhouse's heroes. We will quote the following from the rev. gentleman's : speech, as reported in the Wallaroo Times of Wednesday last: — Missionary _ societies derived their value from being dispensers of the Word of Life, and only such Societies could be of value. In Africa, Livingstone recounted the story of the ruins of places of worship founded 300 years ago by the Jesuit Fathers. From Japan, so long closed . to Europeans, there were, half-a-dozcn princes of the blood, and 300 nobles, scattered over the globe learning civili- ; sation , and yet 300 years ago the \- Jesuits made a million converts, but . they were proscribed. Every trace of : of Jesuit teaching was banished from Japan.. The same might be said of other countries, if time permitted. This was because the Romish Church did not give the pure word of Scripture to the people. The missionaries had prospered elsewhere because they taught solely the truths of the Bible. Contrast what had been done in Japan with the progress in Tahiti. This island 'was chosen by the noble London Missionary Society as a scene of labor, and after ten years labor, one native was turned to Christ, and then the word of God so spread that the island and adjoining ones were Christianised." It will appear from this that, although, according to Mr. Backhouse, the Jesuit missionaries did not give the pure , word of Scripture to the people, they succeeded in making a million converts, and converts too of a very different stamp from those of which Mr. Backhouse boasts of having been made by agents of the Bible Society. So far from em bracing Christianity for the sake of "fine clothing" and "excellent dinners" the Japanese converts suffered the loss of everything they possessed, endured tortures, ' imprisonment, and death, rather- than pari with the religion they had received from the Jesuit Fathers, If, then, a tree be known by its fruit, what sort of a comparison can we draw : between the work of the Bible Society missionaries in Tahiti, and that of the Jesuit Fathers in Japan. The converts of the latter have sealed their faith with their blood, while those of the former have never, according to Protestant testimony, brought aught but disgrace and contempt upon the Christian name. It is not true, how ever, that " every trace of J esuit teach ing has been banished from Japan," for there is at the present time a very flourishing J esuit mission in tliatisland and it has recently been proved that al though the inhabitants were subjected" to a most relentless persecution at the hands of the heathen emperors, and the public exercise of their religion was proscribed, tlie faith has never been wholly extinguished in Japan, but has# ovoj. ojuliw jlus iiibiuuuction, Dy in e Jesuit Fathers, been practised in secret by the people. " The faith implanted in the breasts of some hundreds of thousands of converts," says a living Protestant writer, "was no mere nominal creed, to be swept away by- the first wave of persecution. It not only furnished them with courage, but with arguments with which to meet their persecutors. The early records of the Church do not afford instances of more unflinching heroism than is furnished in the narratives of those martyrdoms to which Japanese of all ranks were subjected when the day of trial came.. We have reason to believe that the last spark has never yet been extinguished, and that, smouldering secretly, the fire of Francois Xavier still burns in the bosoms of some of those who have received the traditions of his teaching," — (Oliphant Lord El gin's Mission, vol. ii., ch. ii., p. 25.) | Anothei British official not only con- ( firms this report, but adds, from per- j sonal observation, the following ex tremely remarkable, statement : — "I have reason to believe that in the island of A ezo alone there are . more than eighty thousand persons who have se cretly, in fear and trembling, main tained and preserved not only the uten sils and books of their Christian an cestors, but who actually by stealth still practise > their worship. The Ja panese are a thinking race ; they admit they have no good' religion, and were it allowed by the Government, I have no hesitation in asserting that from one end of; Japan to the other the Roman Catholic religion would be bailed with delight, and accepted with unanimity.' — (A Residence in Japan by C. Pem- berton Hodgson, late H.B.M. Consul, ch. vi., p. 143 (1861.) It will be ob served tliat we have confined ourselves to reviewing the operations of the Bible Society missionaries in Tahiti,' and those, of the Jesuits in Japan ; but had we time and space at our disposal, we could furnish abundant evidence of precisely the same character respecting the Bible Society Missions in other parts of the world. In Africa, Asia, America, and Polynesia, the operations and results of what Mr. Backhouse calls the inculca tion of the " truth of the Bible" every where reveal the same features — cu pidity, lust, and ambition indulged in by the missionaries at the expense of the natives, and as a necessary conse quence, the complete demoralization of those whom the missionaries would have us believe tbey have succeeded in converting to Christianity. Under these circumstances, we would suggest to Mr. Backhouse the prudence of ab staining in future from drawing com parisons between the J esuit missionaries and those of tlie Bible Society. 