ARRIVAL. ' ' OP THE ENGLISH MAIL, VIA CALIFORNIA. EUROPEAN NEWS to AUGUST 10. \- — — — l (From the Maryborough Chronicle.) Thos.s. Nebraska, from San Francisco, brings nows to August 16. ? Tho British Government have been mado tbo subjoct of parliamentary attacks for abusing, the Royal prerogative on tho Army Piwchoso question. Disturbances have occurred, at Strasburg between- tho citizens ana tho, German troops. Many wore killed on both sides. It is stated that the disagreements between the Gnvornments of France and Germany ?on the Frankfort pcace negotiations, aro likely ?to lend to difficulties. A case ot Asiatic oholera has appeared in London. Russia is arming extensively, and Iras formed an alliance with France against Ger many aud Austria. Sir Roundoll Palmer lias been appointed ?Counsel, and Earl Russol arbitrator on She Alabama claims. , rj. The occupation of Franco by German ftoops ?will shortly coaso. Quoen Victoria is ill. London, August 16. Advices from Paris say that the city is ex ?citod, and the situation is threatening. 'Trouble is apprehonded from various sources. There ia a rumour that tho army is on the point of revolting against the Versaillist Assembly, and will declare M'M-ahou Regent-, ?and demand the restoration of the Etnpiro. There is a regular stampodo of the inhabi tants from Paris. Some believe tbo Orlean isfc conspiracy is ripe -for, a coup d'etat, and ?that tho crisis is approaching. The Czar has informed tho Minister of War, - U Flo, that no treaty exists between Russia : ?and Germany. Difficulties have arisen with Berlin relative ito the evacuation of the four departments. New York, August 16. The Eastern Question in China may involve, war between the Western Nations and 'China, from which our Government cannot ?esciipe. London advicos roport three fatal cases of ?cholera on board steamers from Cronstadt to Hull ; but the authorities wore taking every possiblo means to provont its introduction in England. Two fatal cases have also hap. ?pened in Paris. A London despatch says that Prince Bis marck has commenced a vigorous campaign ??agaiust the Papacy, and by way of a first blow declares that ho regards the ultramon tane policy of the Church as hostile to the ?'Stato. The other nows is unimportant. There hnvo boon ovor thirty applications to tho Minister for Lands Binoo tho 27th Soptombor, -1870, to have oertain portions of land iu and around Gympio put up for salo as allotments suitablo for residence, but ouly ono or two havo boon attondod to properly. Tho roplios almost iuvarinbly oonsist of tho intimation that 'tho mattor will bo consi dered,' or that 'tho applioation will bo doalt with as soon as praotioablo.' Now it Booms to ns that it j would bo rauoli moro sotisfaotory if the Dopartmont woro oithor to show oaaso why tho allotments should I not bo put up to auction at onoo or] givo soma doll uito mformation lis to tho probablo timo whon tho rocjnirod sale will toko plaoo. Snroly tho Hon. Minister for Lands has not boon so muoli overworked lately that ho oannot. .give some little attention to tho very ronsonablo requests of porsons who wish to sottlo pormniiontly upon tlio land f Aud, by tho way, why havo not the pnrohasors of allotments nndor the GoldQolda Town Lands Act boon allowod tho doods of tho land thuy havo paid for P ' Enquirer' writos ns follows Oan yon or any of your roadors inform mo through yoar papor what \- uuuuiiiu ui bno moiiny tunt, was oouoo.ceti oy a moin bor of our Luonl 'Oonrt for tho pnrposu of son'duipr our Town. Band to Maryborough, for tho pnrposo of soouriug-Mr. King's olootion, whioh was a failnro; and also if uny porson snbsoribod to tho Band funds, especially on the dny of Mr. Tozor'a elootion P The business of tho Potty Debts Oourt on Monday Inst was quiokly disposed of. Thoro were only oight onBos ou tho list ; two of these woro sottlod out of Oourt, nnd the remaining six woro decided na fol lows : — IConnedy and Hawley v. Edward Shipley. £17 7s. Gd. No nppearanco -of defendant. For plaintiffs for tho amount olnimed 0s. oosts and 42s. profussionnl costs. Immodiato exooution was applied for aud grnntod. Mr. O'Donnoll apponrod for plain-, tiffs. JolmToomoy v. Peter l?nd'go.— -Aotion to ro oovor 22§ wooks weok's wages of plaintiff's -son, John Toonoy, junr.,'at 3s. 6d. per week, £8 18a. Cd. Tho balanoo of tostimony being in plaintiff's favour a -verdict was given for tho. amount olaiinod, nnd 03\. costs. Mr. Tozor for plaintiff j Mr. O'Donnoll for defendant. JolmToomoy v .Peter Fudgo. Wages of daughter,' Mary Ann Toomoyi 15s.. Por plaintiff by consent for the nmount olaiinod. Tho Official Aesigneo of tho ostnto of Goorge Toms v. Haines Ilarrop. Goods sold £l 5s. IOd. ; no plea. For plaintiff' for tho amount 'olaimod, aud 0s. oosts. Potor !'udge v. John Toomoy. — Moat sold, £2 7s. 6d. For plaintiff' by consent for the amount claimod, and Gs. oosts. Mr. O'Donnoll for plnintiff, and Mr. Tozor for dofondnnt, John M'Mastor v. J. Richard son. — Goods-sold, £20 5s. 4d. For plaintiff by con sent for tho amount olaimed, and 7b. Gd. oosts of Court. His Worship tho Polioe Magistrate pre sided. In tlio last Government Gazette it is notified that at Gympio 1 aoro 2 roods 35 porches havo boon sot upnrt as a rosei vo for tho National Sohool. Goldfibi.T) Town Lands Act. — It is notified in , last, Saturdny's ' Gazotlo' that all persons whose leases undor this Aot of town allotments at Gympio Inivo expired, nnd who hnvo fnilod to removo thoir buildings within tho boundaries of tha allotments lonsod to thorn, ns provided in tho sixth sootion, will inour tho ponalty of forfeiture of thoir buildings un less removod within two months. Messrs. Mellor, Goodohap, M'Ghio, Hay, and' Ward aro gazottod aB tho Road Trust for tlio road botwoon Gympio andTowantin. Special sorvioos of supplioation for rain woro held last Sunday in Brisbnno. ' Colonial Swindle.' — Tlio Brisbano Newspapor Company has been served with a writ, in a suit for Jibol. Tho paragraph headed ' Colonial Swindle,' in tho Queenslander, is thooauseof notion. — Colonist. A Recruit. — Mr. William Bedo Dnlley, of Sydnoy, has been rooeivod into tho Queensland Bar:; wo nndorstnnd he in rotainod for tho dofonoo in tho libel aotion ot Lilloy v. Parkinson, Sloinan, and Kiduer, proprietors of tho Queensland Times nows papor. — Ibid 'Ratting.' — Tho Wide Bay Noiosoontaina the fol lowing : — Death. — It is with feelings of tlio doopost regret that wo havo to record tho politionl death of ouo of tho Aldormon in this town, tho most disinter ested and influential supportor of Mr. King during tho roaout oontest. Completely ovoroomo by tho prosonoo of tho Governor, nnd tlio nenr proximity ol the Hon. the Minister for Works, this gentleman, wo nro crodibly informed, npologisod to our worthy membor for his naughty conduot during tho last ,9loction, and solemnly promised never to do it again. Wo oan hnrdly expross tho doep emotion that ovor powors us as wo write thoso linoB, fooling, as wo do, thnt tho hopos of tho Liberal party in Maryborough aro completely lost. Bequiescat in Pace. — [Name, namo !] Tho D.D. Gazette says. — Onr roadors will learn with surprisu that tho Hon. Charles Lilley, who was so very modost and oirouinspoot in hustings' uttor ancos, hns not only refused to forgot and I'orgivo tho hostile criticism of the iVarwick Examiner, but has 'raised' tho J amount of damages from £1000 to £2000. Saturday's Exaniinflr says : — In order to koop our roadors well posted ns to tho progress Mr. Lilley is making ;n lug suit for libol against us, wo beg to inform them that wo havo this wook boon honored with another voluminous dooninont, occupy ing eight pngos of foolscap, and whioh in logal pnr lnnco is cnllod'a ' declaration.' This frightful look ing memorandum of monotonous logal technicalities is enough ofitsolf to strike suoh terror as to almost make us givo up tho ghost nt onoo, 'but its formid able appoaranco is uolhiug to tho Bonsational intel ligence it contains — viz., that Mr. Lilley line raised tho amount of damages from £1000, to £2000 (two thousand pounds !) If thoro are any steps yet to bo takon, nnd nt eaoh of them Mr. Lilloy raises his claim by £-1000, it 'is hard to say for what sum wo may bo sued whon tho trial -really tnkos plaoo. Bat as tho oaso at present 'stands, £2000 from us and £2000 from tho Queensland Times aro nioo suniB, aud after all, are bolter prizos than any seat on tho Ministerial Bonohes. To Bay the loast of it, thiB is a now way of raising tho wind, but whether it can bo carried out snaoessfally or not romains to be soon. . 