FICTION. (From English y American, and other Periodicals ) JBI PARKER'S DOUBLE. I remember bim well, though I was a mere boy at the time The man was always agog with joke and laughter, but there was some thing so hollow, so odd, so unnatural, so terribly mocking and effigy like in the way he laughed ' just as if he had been doomed to laugh everlast- ingly, and must laugh or die ! My father was the owner of a cider mill and press-the only one in the whole neighbour- hood-and the first time I ever saw the man, be came to make older at the mill, as, in fact, did all the neighbours, paying one barrel in every ten for the use of the mill He was a quick motioned, nervous man, and bad a way of starting suddenly, and looking about as if in endless suspioion that something might steal upon him unawareB, and, at times, during the three days whioh it always took to make aider, even m the throes of his own ghastly laughter, a soarcely perceptible shudder would seem to steal over him ague-like, and, with a start, the man would stop, and dart a sudden glance into my fathers faoe, as if he fancied himself suspeoted of something A mere boy, I waa, nevertheless, a olose ob- server , and something about the man s eye, not less than the fact that he never seemed to be able to keep still for a Bingle instant, puzzled me It was something like a film, so to speak, or, rather, the eye was as if it had been frozen, and bad never again been thawed out, an opaque eye- ball-as opaque in the leaden blue of the pupil as in that generally termed the white-in the middle of which, behind a semi transparent film, a lund lucifer seemed to bave been lighted, conveys the impression which it made upon ray mind, as exactly as can be The film of which I speak must not be mis- taken for that whioh crawls over the eye of a dead man, with a fixed and intense stare al ways within fifteen minutes after the candle of vitality has been snuffed out Behind the latter burns no lund lucifer It is dead all the way through, and its frozen case holds no mystery of consciousness while the ere of my subject was only dead like on the surfaoe, and beyond and through the film of that surfaos you could see, as it were, the embers of what had once been the expression and the verve of a human eye. It was a strangely nervous, furtive thing that eye of his-and during the whole three days I never saw it dare to look direotly into that of anybody engaged about the mill I say dare, for I know the man would have done it, could he have brought that eye of his to submit to the terrible test or perhaps, he did not himself dare to trust it, lest, under the magne- tism of another's the film might clear away, divulging-letting m the light upon some tmng whioh the man dared not himself look upon It shook me with a vague terror in those days-a nameless terror which made me dream ghastily at night-but since then I have learned to understand it Sinoe then I have seen that same eye in the criminal s dock at least a dozen times, and three or four times since then I have seen it beneath the gallows It is an infallible index-that eye with a semi transparent film over it-and says as plainly as words can say it " Murder ' %It belongs to no other order of onminal It is Nature s badge and brand of Cain'-as if the eye had onoe seen that which had withered it, and had shrunk into itself with the horror of that single instant, or as if the owner himself bad drawn a film over it, that no fellow mortal might look into it and see what he knew to be there viz the vision of a corpse and a gallows ! This was the eye of the man who made older at my father s mill in October, 1856, as I re member it The name of its owner was Con vene-Amasa Converse It is now twenty years since In the town of Stafford, Conn , was located a blast-furnace , and the town is now one of olsttenng looms, shooting shuttles and humming spindles-the only vestige of the old furnace, once its centro of industry, being found in the name of a single village, at the head waters of the Willimantio Kiver-viz, Furnace Hollow, now mora gene- rally designated as The Hollow Wood then covered the hill sides, which hemmed in the deep cut, at the lowest point of which the furnace, like a great volcano, shot its lund column of fire upward into the night, while at its base burned everlastingly a ghastly and smouldering crater, for which there is no simile except the orifice of hell ' On the east, the dammed np river had col lected into a stagnant pond, whiob reproduced, with fitful and startling exactness, the main fea- tures of the scene-the tall lurid column of fire, the low, smouldering crater , and the ghastly, terrible flicker of its everlaeUug eub-stratum of livid heat On the north and west np rose, in almost goblin sympathy, unbroken forests, while, away toward the southwest, through an almost abyssmal gorge, crawled the river, as if from beneath the very foundations of the lurid column that flickered uneasily in the night-wind in the pit like oentre of the landscape And over all settled, low down, an unlifted oanopy of smoke, behind which the moon had the ap pearaoe of the mere ghost of a moon-a faint livid spot at some quarter of the honzoo, and no more I have heard old people speak of the scene, of a night, with bated and awe strioken breath, I have myself-when a mere boy-stood upon the top of the hill on the north, and peered down into the pit, while a strange ague of awe crawled along the spinal marrow, freezing me m my very traoks with the terrible fascination of the picture This was the Furnace Hollow in old days, and it was here, in those same old days, that the man who made cider at my father s mill enacted the leading role in a tragedy, the first aot (of which was a love affair, and the second act of which was a murder The third act wes barren of aotion, though not altogether so as concerns plot, the fourth aot Bimply duplicated the inaction of the third, and, as to the fifth act, it had certain inexplicable features, to the rationale of which the reader can play the guesser as unto a worse than (Edipiau riddle It was after the second act that the filmy ex pression of which I speak crawled over the man s eyeballs, with a semi translucent, semi-opaque pupil, leaving those windows of the head for ever curtained with a sort of oataraot behind which lurked, what ? the worm of remorse, feeding upon-gnawing at the corpse of a mur dered man beneath the very shadow of an imaginary gallows And for ten long years and more that man had never dared to look a human fellow in the eye, beoause he dared not trust hat tell tale orb of bia m the doing of it. At the time he made «der at my father s mill it had been ten years since the fatal night when he had precipitated a human body into that crater of livid heat ' into that ghastly orifice, the only simile for whioh Tennyson has sup- plied in the "jaws of hell 1 and, during that time the film upon his eye had waxed thicker and thicker, in vain attempt, seemingly, to shut out that which could be shut out-never ! He was assisted at the mill by a man of that sort of complexion which in Paris they call blême-a complexion whioh was a mixture of cadaverousness and Imdness-a sort of opaque opal, with a lack of play of crimson whioh the opaque opal always exhibits. Tbe two men lived together in an old wood colored house, on Gilmore Hill, a bleak barren eminence about a mile and a half from the For nace Hollow I have stated that Converso was a quick motioned man He was mois than that There was a spasmodic jerkmess about his motion whioh made it exceedingly unpleasant to observe him about his work, and that he was seldom still I can bear witness, so far as the three days at the mill were concerned Once, only once, when there was nobody in the mill except myself, and the man was not aware that I was there, there was a lull in his restless activity A little bare-footed boy, I was standing by the great older tub, half concealed from him, even had his face been turned in my direction Tbe man stopped suddenly and sat down wearily on the press, his head falling limpishly upon his breast Some low, guttural words came across the press As if they had been spuken from an empty barrel, sounded the words, syllable by syllable, so utterly hollow and yen triloquist-like waa the voioe in whioh they were framed " I did it I yes, I did it ! What business had the fool to balk me when he knew it would be death? The man's voice had risen to shrill »creams, and he started and looked behind him as if a hand had been laid snddenly upon his shoulder My knees shook under me, and knocked loudly against the tub I He turned, and ia au testant that devilish eye vu opon me. " So you've been listening, young eavesdrop- per-have jon?" The man with a film over his eje fairly his- sed, as he sprang tonards me. And I, too frightened even to scream or take to my legs, stood, as, in dreams, I bad stood before, in the very paralysis of fear. He was within two feet of me, when my father, a tall, powerful man, fully six feet in his stockings, happened to step into the mill. I remember seeing my father. 1 remember sinking down in my very tracks 1 remember, too, that the man with a film over his eye turned, with a hoarse, hard laugh : " Really, I didn't mean to frighten the boy so. So sorry, sir-so sorry 1" My father carried me in bis arms to the house, deigning no answer to the remark ; and, recovered from my fright, I told what the man had been saying. ' Neither .father or mother made any reply thongh 1 noticed the one look into the face of the other with an expression that was akin to horror, if not horror itself. " I'll tell yon all about it one of these days," said the former, in his grave, qniet, half abstracted way. And I knew it was useless to question. " One of these days," was Ms stereo- typed phrase for anindefinito postponement. Tears after-and after the death of Converse -I heard the story. In 1846, when the furnace was in foil blast, among the operatives employed had been Con- verse-the man with a film over his eye-and an associate, named James Parker. Converse was then a young man of thirty, and was the only brother of a sister abont ten years his junior. Huldah was a quiet, inoffen- sive, uncultured girl of considerable prettiness, and rejoiced in two snitors, of whom Parker was the favored. The opposition of Âmasa to the proposed marriage was carried to an intensity as inex- plicable SB it wss rcssonless and tyrannioal ; the result being that Huldah, to ase a histori- cal phrase, declared herself independent. " So yon mili marry him-eh?" hissed Amasa. The date was Ootober 24th, 1846. The place was a little old wood-colored house about two miles north of the furnace. The room was a little seven-by-nine apartment in that same old house in the baokwoods. " I oan't see that it's ony of your business," retorted Miss Hnldab, with a wilful toss of a shock of golden hair which concealed, or, sup- posedly concealed, a head. " Parker's respect- able and industrious, and nobody can say a word agin him." *' You'll never marry him-that is, if I can help it !" hissed Amasa, with the pause of half a dozen dashes between the first and last mem- bers of the sentence, just as if he bad begun to Bay one thing, and, having oonoluded not to say it, had stopped long enough in the middle of it to tack on quite another thing. ******* The date was October 25th, 1846. The place was the interior of the old blast- furnace shed-a low wooden building at the base of that gigantic tower of fire. James Parker broke the seal of a note which he held in his hand, and, having glanced at its contents, put it hastily in his pocket, with the remark, as if in half-doubt : "Yes, it's Buldah'« handwriting. Whose else should it be ?" The contents of the note were scrawled With apparent haste. "Stafford, October 25th, 1846. "Dear James-Meet me this evening in the grove above the half-way house on the path across to Gilmore Hill. I have something to tell you. Will be there at rune o'clock. Hüxdah." The note had been pnt in bia hand by Amasa not five minutes before, and that individual stood, beating a tattoo on the table with his grimy fingers, waiting for an answer, and-try- ing to peep over his shoulder. " Tell ' Hul ' it's all right," laughed Parker, looking np. Adevilish emile distorted rather than wreathed the thin lips of the messenger. He tamed away, muttering : "It'll be all right in the morning, probably . *******' It was nine o'olook on the night of Ootober 25th, 1846. The man who had reoeived that note in the morning was waiting-might have waited eternally so far as Hnldah's coming was ooncerned. The old furnace-bell clanged ten with a measured clang punctuated with the proper traditionary pauses. There was no more moon, and Parker walked up and down im- patiently. " Confound it ! It's very curious of ' Hul' bo blessed if it ain't !" A hand fell upon his shoulder. He would have turned, but two hands seized his arms from behind, and bore bim forward upon his face ! A brief straggle of five minutes, and James Parker was gagged and pinioned, and a bandage was bound across bis eyes. He never saw who did it. He only knew that two men were carrying him, bound hand and foot, gagged and blindfolded- where, bo did sot know. Aside into the woods they seemed to be dragging bim ; and then they stopped and waited-waited al- most interminably. He heard them whispering together. One of the voices he recognised as Converse's, and the other as that of a discarded lover of " Hul's !" " Into the top of the furnaoe ! That's the best way !" whispered the former voice. " And then you know, there's no cvidenoe-which there may be if he's snuffed out hero ! I'll take it upon me to make ' Hal' believo that he's left her." The second voice eaemed to shudder rather than whisper an assent. " Yes, ' Am,' you're right about that-but, my God-" The two men took up their burthen, every hair on the head of which stood on end with horror. A cold perspiration started in huge beads on Parker's forehead ; an ague crawled and crawled along the spinal marrow, freezing it as he went. In five minutes the man was limp and uncon- scious as if he bad been already a corpse. There was not one struggle in that long journey of a mile and a half, through woods, over fences, and along the road to the furnace. Only, as the two men lifted their burthen over the orater, the bandage caught on a sharp, projecting stone, and waa torn forcibly away A face, leaden sb ashes, with a fallen jaw, two eyes staring es if they would shoot from their sockets-the two men saw them for a second, and saw them, perhaps, for ever after. Then, with a haoking, horrible laugh, they poshed that terrible effigy of a face into the pit. Down, down it sank-they heard a smothered moan, bat perhaps it was only the wind-ard the two men stood shivering close to and almost in the livid heat of the orater. Away-different ways-into the woods on the north and west, stole two figures, shivering as they went ; and in the very path of either, run or walk or loiter as he would, uprose in tho dark, and walked before, a tall, shadowy gibbet. At nine o'olock on the morning of October 26tb, 1846, there was one face missing at the furnace : it was that of James Parker. A mes- senger was sent to bis lodgings. He had taken supper and gone out the night before. There was another face white with the horror of some sight. It was that of the grizzly-headed old man who tended the fires at night. Villagers have since declared that there was a strange odour in the smoke of the old furnace ' that morning; but as they never thought of it until long after, they were probably mistaken ; and if the grizzly-headed old man had seen any- thing the night before, he died and made no sigu | -the secret of what he saw dying with him. Converse tended him iu his last illness, which was very sudden ; and if witness he might have been, with that illness as a witness he was dis- posed of. Years passed away. Time never stops, even to wonder at a story of horror-and Amasa Converse became a monk almost in the dim, monastery-like old house on Gilmore Hill. The old furnace gave place to a cotton manufactory ; I and the stagnant pond on the east oeased to re- flect the lurid column of fire whioh for so many years had shot upward into the night. Huldah had been married-married to the very man who could have told her about Parker's disappearance, if he could only have been per- suaded to take the tronble. And he bad gone down, down into the pit of Azrael, having di- vulged nothing. The recollection of the affair had, in fact, died out ; and the man with a film over his eye faced his fellows, with the consciousness that, whatever people might suspect, there wss no evidence in a ease, in which evidence would have been to the prosecution of the utmost im- portance. ***** Nine years-and the exact anniversary of Oc- tober 25th, 1846. The date was, of course, Oc i cober 25tb, 1855. A gentleman made bia ap ! peuasce at Furnaoe Hollow, so marvellously resembling Parker, that it was at first bruited that that gentleman had returned to town, which supposition was strengthened by the fact that Huldah was now a widow He was like, ytt unlike Possibly a trifle taller, considerably leaner-in fact, rather em aciated looking - with a complexion of that peculiar mixture of oadaverous and livid hue whioh is best expressed by that of an opaquo opal The likeness was nevertheless startling The stranger went directly to the spot where the old furnace had formerly stood, then re turned to the hotel, and inquired, casually, whether a person named Amasa Converse was still living-remarking that a relative of his bad formerly been acquainted with Converse's sister " Living ? Certainly," rejoined the Bomfaoe of the old Furnace Hollow Hotel, whom I re- member as a portly old gentleman rather ad dieted to rum and molasses-' living? Cer- tainly He owns an old place about a mile and a half ont of the village, just at the top of Gil- more Hill " The man ordered his valise, settled his bill, and walked out " You remember Jim Parker, who used to work in the blast furnace 7 ' queried the Yankee Boniface of an old toper, who had hobbled up to the bar for a drink " Well ' I d swear, if that I man hadn t said he was a distant relative, that he was Jim himself, or Jim Parker's Double, anyhow " It was ten o'clock at night, and the night waB that of October 25th, 1855, when Jim Parker's Double, as he was always called afterward, knocked at the front door of the old house on Gilmore Hill Converse admitted him, with a face as white as ashes, but, after a few minutes' talk became reassured James Parker-for, curiously enough, this was tbo name of the relative-made some trifling inquiries as to the gossip elicited by the disap pcaranco of his relativo, nine years before, end ing with »supposition that Huldah was married -of course " Has been married Married an old rival of your relative Hnsband died two years ago " Amasa Converse stammered these few phrases hurriedly the stranger's oye-that leaden, ex- pressionless eye-was npon him, and seemed to be looking away beyond the film of his, down into the very seoret in its core " Jim Parker behaved ahabbily with Hul ? ' faltered the speaker, with a straoge sbakincss of voice " He went off, and left her without say ing a single word " The man stopped, and coughed up something that seemed to be sticking in his throat " So I heard at the time,' rejoined Jim Par ker s relative, drily " He must have had strong reasons, no donbt " The man with a film over his eye-a film which had been there nine years that very night-swallowed, this time, the something in his throat, and ended by asking his guest to stay all night He would not have done it for the world, if he could at all have helped it, but, somehow or other, he couldn't help it The next day the host invited his guest to stay and work on the farm, in answer to tho re markthat hewas looking outfor some sort of bust ness He would not have done it for the world, if he could have helped it, but, somehow or other, he oouldn't help it And so Parker's Double waa settled as a farm hand, in which capacity he assisted his master in making older at my father's mill early m Ootober, 1856 The cider had been made, and carted home, and cellared for the winter It was between ten and twelve o'clock on the night of October 25tb, 1856, that Amasa Converse held bis last conversation with Par ker s Double The man had positively refused to engage himself at farm work for another year " Look at my hands ! ' laughed tbo relative of the deceased James Parker " They are hard and horny as claws. Amasa Converse took that hand During that whole ycarthe two monhad worked together, and lodged in the same house, but never had either taken the other's hand-never had either had with the other the least personal contact He wonld not have taken it then, if he could have helped it, but, somehow or other, he conldn t help it The hand was cold and cada verous Convorse dropped it, and it fell as limp as if it had been that of a deid man Parker's relative turned his dull, leaden eyes full upon the face of his companion In the candle lighthis complexion was startingly corpse like. " By-the-way," laughed he, with just the ghost of a laugh, " It is ten years to night since-' That " since" ended the sentence With a laugh, the very moekery of the stranger s owo-a horrible, ghastly laugh-the man with a film over his eyo sank down in his very traoks Parker's Double spurned him with his foot A strange smile crept over his cadaverous face, and curled even the ashen cutióle of his thin, generally fixed lips Amasa Convene mae dead ' They found him, the next morning, stark on the floor, his eyes storing fixedly in the dircc tion of the door, as if they were about to shoot from their sockets with the inward pressure of something more terrible than terror They found him-the man with a film over his eye dead But, from that day to this, the very pupil of the mystery, so to speak, has been, what be- came of " Parker s Double ' They found the valise of the relative, to be sure-left behind, no doubt, in the hurry of the rather efectivo leave-taking, but, in that even, nothing of account was discovered among the duds that packed it to congestion, except a suit of furnace-clothes, in tbe pocket of the vest of which was the note Huldah had addressed, or bad been supposed to address, to Jim Parker, the original Nor has the lapse of ten years fur- ther at all elucidated the mystery, and Par kcr's Double has, from year to year, waxed moro of a problem than it was at the time My father-a grave, gray old man-declares , that he shook hands with Converse's assistant I on the farm once only during that October cam paign at the mill, and that there was something about it that affected him peculiarly at the time, and, as I bave heard the neighbours tell the story-whioh I have often-I have seen the knees of strong, thewy, and hard handed farmers shake, and their voices wax thick and husky, as they ventured to syllable the words " Parker's Double ' ' Nothing necessarily strange in the matter, of course-only it bad been ten years to a day, and ten years to a day in a matter of this sort is an exceedingly odd coincidence And, again, what should Parkers relativa be doing with Huldah's letter 