SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1S?1 Victoria bus aduered but moderate euc- cess as an exporter of borees, altftoogh the colony can boast of tbe best fud stoutest strains at Hood. Borne years ago, in I860 we tiimt-j a large order came trom India for chargers, anil' to tbe late Colonel Rob- bins waseatrustecl tbe superintendence of the contract. 'He 'entered into arrangements wiifc a then wdliiKiwn Jldbounra firm in the hone Ime, and a large ghTpload of quad- rupedA good, bad. and indiffermt, was duly cleared and sent to sea. A competent "vet" the pinions freight, and be doubtless .had his hands foil during tbe voyage in patching up screws and attending to the 'health- of she snare delicate members of bis extensive stud. The speculation was a good one, we have been told, as far as the gallant colonel and firm aforesaid wire concerned, but -the Indian Government was hard to please. So hard, indeed, that' no more orders were sent to Mribouxne for homes,, at anyJ„?nt& for some years afterwards. The sir of Pouth Australia was considered by these inappreciativc authoritiee to be. more coadacive to toe promotion of Eoundneae and enduring powers in toe horse than toe moieter l»m»te ©f "Victoria. To peak a little more plainly, thiscokKry got a trad name over Colonel Robbins' shipment, altbongb perhM as fine a lot of animals as ever looked through bridle could, at a month's notice, be any time mustered on. half a doreu stations we could name. We have no desire to vex the ghost of toe deceased colonel, nor yet to cause annoyance to either memberof a firm long since dissolved. In charity, therefore, we will put toe whole afikir down as a case of " free selection before " survey." The result has been in a degree disastrous to toe credit of toe 'colony as a good horse-breeding country; and it was hoped that when toe disagreeable memories of the shipment above alluded to bad died away, Victoria would again become the cynosure of Indian buyers of stout chargers and gentlemen's To a certain extent these hopes have been fulfilled, but we are reminded by toe Auetralatian that horses guaranteed as thoroughbred, and of specific parentage, have been transported to Tndis, which are neither one nor the other. For instance, our sporting contemporary states almost authoritatively that a colt was & high price in India, purporting to alone a Marchioness. As a sire it does the beef 21" vedigree, containing as in KngUnd would fashionable blood a high figure. But asTt' a bD.yer at rbirmtm never interviewed eacH ar nor, as far as we are aware, had e<b a nodding acquaintance, toe person who sold this colt lied to toe pur chaser: How many more fronds of a similar character have been perpetrated by equally unscrupulous vendors, it is impos sible to say. The mischief, however, has been done : and it now rests with those who have the honor of the colony, and their own. reputation as honest horsedeaiers, at heart (we still believe there is such a being extant as an honest horsedealer) to promptly pre vent a recurrence of such rascally transac tions. The Australasian suggests a cure, as follows : — " If a practice were adopted of thoroughly " identifying every tooroughbred horse " before exportation, anc of obtaining cer- " tifieates of identity and pedigree from " owner, breeder, and (if possible) some other " reliable source, before the animal left toe " colonies, there would be great difficulty " in carrying out any subsequent deception. " A certificate also from toe accredited " representatives of tbe sporting press — who " are not likely to be imposed on — would " also be of value to an exporter. Every " year there is a considerable increase in " the number of thoroughbreds raised ; so " every year there is a greater opening for " fraud. Animals of little value here "can, " by the aid of a fictitious pedigree, be made "payable by exportation; arid, - as we " remarked, the exposure of toe deceit " practised is not likely to foQow, nnleaa " breeders and.. owneiB of horses hoe. keep " a watchful eye over exportationsT " Be- " lieving toad, in a few years, Australian " horses will have acquired a high predige, " and that a valuable trade (especially with " India) will be opened up, we trust that " toe good name of our horses will not be " permitted io be tarnished by the machina- " tions of unscrupulous persons, who will " do anything to make a profit, however " small that may be." To the above we would add a auggestion of our own— that a statutory declaration, of pedigree, both on- toe sires' and dams' side, should be made by every person-re sponsible for the shipment of thoroughbreds from Victoria ; that a record be kept in Melbourne, and that in case of false des cription, the individual be prosecuted for perjury. A short bill on the subject would do a world of good. Those who are most interested in a trade, which is certain, under amy caream- stances, to become large and important — for we have the finest blood In the world out here — should -see to the drafting of a - stringent measure to prevent the fair fame of toe colony becoming more tarnished snd to promote an honorable .and healthy rivalry in the rearing of good stock, whether for raring or any other purposes. The actual pedigree would, of course, be Bent with each animal exported, and cur Indian customers would then accept no certificate of parentage which had not been ' duly authenticated and sworn to in Victoria. If we had no good horses in the colony, an oc casional fraud of ifae kind animadverted npon would matter but Iittie ; -b aSr toe converse is toe case, toe innocent suffer for toe guilty. The foisting of forged or false pedigrees uponcrednlons "griffins "is a liar more mischievous crime upon society, tosh to play euchre with your-' sleeves;" stuffed " full of aces and bowexs ; for in toe cob case only one person gets kicked if - tognd out, whereas in toe other-. a whole com- -munity js brought into discredit.'- , .- /. j : Nexx to : remitting the whrie sidgect mining Tefbnn.'-to a Conference of experts,' M'r "W. C. Smith adopted a vrise course whep moving in the 'AasemHyoh-Thursday evmr- iug ifihS Mr WsltoVCpmpaniSTBill should be remitted to a-telect committee rtf dile House,-wito WCTto" call fdr prisosiAoid papers. Tto. Aseaitoly_aried jwith requsl judgment inaocrting vtoiBmotio'torjcbt auythiijg i»uU to|i,reX:bemi" made " tdeszer bf late toan toa£'toe Hnmw would be unable to deal with the bill riiher as a vtoole, or in committee, until it had been put into a more -ireseiitable and workable shape. The con- rszisti of opidoua enswsed outside by hoesr who might be expected to know fome- 'f Gw subject, but tbe bulk of whom hare ehown that they are amazingly ignorant of it, found a fit echo inside tbe Assembly, ance tew cf thrwe members, who discussed the leadieir nrinripies of the tnU on Thursday evening, appeared to grasp toe spirit of toe subject, white in all there "wse' e want of -unanimity which boded the r.v-jse of & happy time of it for Mr Valto. hntess da weak of amendment was in the main done before the measure came under the tender mercies of honorable members. The only print cm which there seemed to be agreement was on that portion cf the bill which perpetuates toe Official Agency nuisance, but even whsi considering this feature in the measure, some of the speakers sought to make confusion, worse confounded by mi-ring up tbe Court of "»« with the winding-up process. The only solution of the problem, however, taking toe "Mining Companies Bill as a measure to be disponed of separately from other mining questions, is that which has -been ndopted, and judging by toe edection i of members mAo for the rvnmiiiitee, there is reasonable, ground for belief that when toe b31 next comes before toe House, it will aromw a tor more workable and useful shape iban it wears at the present time. As we view toe subject from a very long experience of grid mining the kind of bill required to regulate this class of mining is very simple, and the more simple it is made the better it will work- The clearest views expresa&I; on toe subject emanated from Mr Gillies, and they form but a counter part of what . has already been urged in these crinmia on the same prints. "Mining companies need to be saved from themselves, as well as from too much Jrgal interference, and the only way to meet all nnd« is to compel them to conduct their affaire on sound wwiniarrid prinraplm, and further, to save them from those exactions which are inseparable from the Official Agency system, and from too intimate an tiffP-j- Snn with the legal fistosnj. To get at these results two plans should be adopted — a limited liability, very simi lar to what at present prevails, and the share- warrant system. Though on the latter subject we heartily agree with Mr GillieSB views, and have already shown this more than half-a-dozen times, still as so many persons believe in this new evangel, we approve of its bring tried, since the result cannot be serious to any person, whatever may be its outcome. But on no account must toe limited liability principle be abandoned, since steady invest ment can alone be encouraged by its means. Under the share-warrant system people may invest, but they will have no guarantee that their money will be j udiriously expended, or any control over their c&shareholders; ; but as they will know of these drawbacks before embarking in such ventures, they will only have themselves to blame or thank whatever may be the result. But here we would print out that to, prevent this prin ciple from becoming an unmitigated sham rA delusion, the committee should impose a stiff directorial qualification, and provide that so long as a shareholder remains a director, b«f qualification, in toe shape of scrip, shall remain locked up in the com pany's Iron safe under the charge of the tytager. nltss this is done room will .."tedforno i of abuse : and as there will be lnde or no sur->rvision over the boards, toe only way to cheo- evji ©f the kind is to inake toe directors T—.| that their interests are as -much, or more, at than those of toe shareholders, and, tome- fore, that any malpractices on their part will redound upon themselves. To the limited liability portion, however, we look for that Isjjnu- r. w mining which is so much needed just now, 'and the abuse of which in the past has done all the mischief which. is now found mixed np with mining companies. We trust therefore that the committee will on no account entertain any effort made to set aside that system ; bat that, on the contrary, they will devote their best energies to make it aa workable and utilitarian as possible. To achieve this end, a code of rales should be -incorporated with toe bill, by which deeds of association ! could be dispensed with, and uniformity of wMiiwgpin»nt;<4iOT«rteriw> kU. companies regis ; tered under this system. Registration should be made as simple and cheap as possible ; dummyism should be diwOrcti, by holding directors personally responsible for the acceptance of fictitious transfers, not by imprisonment, - which is absurd, but by pecuniary liability .for toe. calls made upon all such shares, on proof being forthcoming that the transfers had been issued to irre sponsible names ; an|i toe winding-up pro cess should be handed over to the provi sions of the Insolvency Statute. With regard to the first preposition, much litiga tion and no end of confusion have arisen from toe complicated system of registration at. present followed, and more would have occurred but that the overthrow of a memorial of registration does not of neces sity make the crinpany an"" ordinary - co partnership. With regard to toeaecond, the creditors and the shareholders are entitled to .protection from dummyism, and if directors were held personally responsible for toehes in this respect, toe evil would soon be re duced to a minimum. The fact of a com pany not a vailing itself of the toare-warrant system — on' vtoich speculation can go on without let or hindrance — would be pre sumptive proof of its desire to cany, cm its business in an open and aboveboard manner, like ordinary trading naMviarinnB, and such being toe - case both ' the creditors and toe shareholders are entitled to protection from each other, and to that' protection surround ing all who are concerned in its transactions. It only needs this system to be enforced to render toe Insolvency fctatnte -aUat can be desired for windiiig up purposes, since if dummyism is destroyed, or. at the least materially abridged, there will -be few com panies to wind up. In that case companies would not be' carried "on to an extent bor- dering on rashness ; but> on toe other hand, the expenditure would -be checked in .time. Then each toartoplder_ would pay his prqportion of the liabilities, and- nbone would findjtoe demand a serious tax ontois ' pocketi akirig theptoer viewcf the case, . however, fewer companies Would be launched than occur ftt 'toe- present 'time: Bat to is would betoe reverse of An gvfi, Bering that tiiefompaniee which yrere .started would to en be carried cm in a healthy and buriness- jike manner, and toe probability httet ton great balk- them would m time pipvB suwsessful,'. and ' therefore nof meril to" be TCtii® i.- ; \- Tie comimttee haye no ffifficnlt task before toem if toey cmly detrixnine to profit by .. eijfriemy?-and- to ,reyirtoe;subject isririy onitemerits, watocmt rrierehqe fo.tbe interests of one part of toe colooy any more thon to tooee tiF another. In matter of 7tote'kmd'Wbat wffl'arii' one' 'district yDl suit alL ,JBut itifrSeyisable for toem " to show Bome diMrimjnBtiqn_in-tiie choice . fLvdtoeBxevitxn toey munmca bribretoem : A» ve CTrioioi TS«w«B toig TaatiB «s \- ; weUaBmedtealbpraririjirid hritemoslbetaken to have as few vritiieeaes of this desarficm asposribte. To our way of thinking toe moat Bailable men to furnish an insight into this subject are the legal managers and chairmen, of .toe eldest most substantial claims on the different gridfields. These men have gsieraiiy had a Ierthy ex perience of mining nndsr the company system, and their evidence would not alone be honest, but what is of equal importance, pregnant with instruction. Expert infor mation is whax the committee requite. These persons as a rule are well able to give it, and therefore their aid should be sought for thai purpose. It W0I he Sfen by our M> Ibosroe cufespso fence tHh morairg thtt tbe new Le>miTff sod «t- ti for tbe BtQwt ji HI be nude in Tbe tender were opened by Mr LoDgmcre yeebr- ttsy, end It wms fnud tint thi tender cf tbe Ftotrix Foundry Compscy, L'mlttd, was tbe lswat, at X29:o sad. Tbe tecfer w as theiefcre accepted, csbjrct to itrii» by the Railway De partment. I is satisfactory from a Iocs! point of Tiew to find so laogea caimwMilst to toe ia of Billsrat firm. Mr A J. Forbes bu bad a walkover for tbe recant seat in toe Btmgareeshire Coorcil Yestsrdsy was tbe day cf nomination, and Mr Forbes heir:? ifae only candidate snuiiwsled. ia declared duly el'C'ed. Mr Cody bad as easy a cocteat for toe autitsesbip. Dorieg toe dtoate in tbe Assembly on toe eecs&d; rc5iog of Mjntog BUi p nwwtit ; Stttnte, on Thursday evening, we ieua that tbe Pw« was nearly deserted. At c&e; time only nineteen members were in the Otamber, The UdboitM and nhubia members Were "can- eincDnui by their abetoce." TfaeCbirt Secretary aoil the 6nn the.Treasnrer took themselres off early fn tbe evening, and toe bon the Attomey- Ajni, with tbe and toe Minirtrr of Mines, at one time woe toe only oc cupants of the front Treasury bench. Tbe gold- fields members, hnwercr, clock to toefr posts, and bad toe Ministry not accepted the proposition of toe ben. member for Ballsrat West, Mr W- C. Smith, and assented to bare toe Mil referred to a select committee, to ey would have enstabwd a eenre defeat. "Tbe whip " tor Mr Smith's motion (how d thirty for and fifteen agiloat: A Iwalv liHta Mafia wVttrvkt meltcwrul 4 Km itilua «jw coil Boootosj of ifae occurred during tor iittinp of tbe Gajeral Si smods yestef- dsj. A man o cobr, named Chartea Hewlett was proceeded against at tbe instance of J. D. Patterson, who is of stmiiar ccmpluoao, for steal ing certain ardctre, the property cf toe lft'.er. Tbe larceny rraa commirfed in connection with a little affair, which, at the time it occurred, waa believed by many tn be a cane of elopement. Before Hewktt left with the fabhlera arenas of Patterson he opened negotiations with a philan thropic general dealer named Potts for tbe a ale of a cheat of drawera, and it was the manner- in which (bis Poua gave bis evidence that created toe amnstinrnt. When br -right np to P-tteraon'a fconee be remarked tost it locked ao exceedingly comfcrtabie it waa a ;ity to break it np, and advised that the drawers tboaid rot be cold. When crcEe-sxunmed as'to his baring mistaken the p inaw lor Patterson be made eomev-ry fanny retorts. He knew mwj Pattereone, ecme wirh "big belliea" and som- without torn, and as to nee of color, be bad known them black, green, and white." The cae, we may add, li mited in Hewlett being acqn-ted AmeetiBgof tbe various bodies interested In the construction of the Nor h- Western Railway area held at Clones on Friday, when it waa re solved — That a deputation, cor staring of one member to rrprrecst each body, prcceed to Mel bourne to urge upon the G jvcrnment the conwrum ti -n of the bne from Ba.larat to Maryborough Tia Creswicfc, Ctnnes and Talbot; and that each of the locil bodies be communHmted with, and re quested to nee all the icfioerce they can bring to bear upon this important tobj -ex The charge agaioat the Lai Lai larrikins was investigated in the Bonis org Police Court yes terday, and proves that the character of toe young roughs was painted in rather too black a hoe. Ten lads, aged trom fourteen np to abent twenty years, were charge! with ua awf ul y sssaultin g Add Maria Pctete,o. on Sunday evening last, at the Lu Lti railway station Five out of the ten were discharged, ibe evidence of tbe girl goes to'show tot the lads behaved is the moat indecent manner to her, bat there was no proof of toe more hrincue crime popularly attributed to them. The statements of tbe lads themselves, if tree, show that the girl was larking'" with them, and therefore, in a measure, brought upon herself the rough treatment eh: complained of It seemr that tbe larrikin nuisance is rampant at Lai Lti amongst the youths engaged as wo -dcarxera in that sylvan neighborhood. Dating the hearing of Case, tbe bench suggested that application sboa'd be made for police protection- Tbe lads not ois- Cfaarwed were — - 1UD '»" — o— j fffotttta days impnsonmsnt. This will, no doubt, ben the desired effect of keeping them qnnt.tn public places. There most be a want of proper ca retaking somewhere, when a dcreo lads are allowed to parsne their Sunday afternoon diversions in the offices of a railway station and in the trucks on toe line. . We give a condensed report in another colnxn of an important arbitration esse between the dune Water Oomaiseion and Messrs Birch Brothers, landowners, ol Kingston, which occu pied the whole of yesterday in its hearing, and will be resumed at the Mining Board room ei, morn tog. At too Supreme Coast yesterday, Charles Mar shall, who bad pleaded gnilty of assaulting Mr J-mieaon, of the Commercial Bank, Fitzroy. was cauco op mm nia ti on or tne acting Cbltf Jnstice to receive sen truce. He waa ordered to be Impriiooed for four months, and find security at toe end of tbat time to keep the peace towards tbe prosecutor for twetveinonhu. Previously to bring sentenced tbe prisoner made tbe following statement;—'' Your Honor, I will now state why I assaulted Mr J-mirson. ho far back as the year 1652 1 was a miner, living at Ballmat. I wts workings! tbe time at the Gravel Pits iwua married man, ana h. da young and handsome wife .Upon relnming to my tmnne one momiog, after-toe night's work, I found my wife had gone; and upon erqniry I aseertaioed that with her wrot Mr Jsmteeon. I believed, and still beliivs, tbir Mr Jamieion to be the same person. I followed her and yonog Jamieaon to Melboerne, and after wards to Geeleng. I failed to find toem. After my search w«a over I retnrned to BalLrat, aid discovered that one of Juslaon'i mates had jumped my claim. I had tbns bren wrooged io every direction. Tears passed over, and I then foood that Mr Jamteaoo was io the bank at Cob logwood. I wmt to the baok, and fon d it was the same person. I went more tout ooce. When I went toe teat time, Mr Jsmicaon came into the bank from soother pert to the part where I waa 1 spoke to him. I heard bis voice, sod I was then convinced that be was ibe > More over, i made enquiry about Mir Iintms, which confhmed that belief." The General Beesioos were opened again yester day morning, and at half-para six they were adjourned till this morning. The only bmdnets remaining to be transacted tolay is tbe sentencing of those found guitly, and the eemflematipr 0f maintenance orders. The County Court, Court of Mines, and Ic- solyency Court will be be d on Tuesday, when it is probable bis Honor ledge Bogtra will preside. We leant that Mr B j.Hendersuo (formerly cf WarmamboalJ, who has been supplying toe pnlpit of toe Camp btreet Baptist -Ctiairii (or six month! pp probation, bat received an tmanimoa and pressing in vital ion to toe pastorate. At O Farrell and Eon's fair t>dsy there will be something specially attractive in toe number and quality of the young horses to be submitted to pttblic competition. Of cattle and pigs there will be also a good snpply. Particulars appear In oar advertisement At a meeting of toe members of the Billarat Ciiy Fire Brigade, held teat evening, it was re solved that the patronage of the brigade be granted to the entertainment oa toe 21st l»s:ant, in aid of toe funds of the Sebastopol Volunteer Fire Brigade, toe proceadon to leave the station, Start treet, at seven o'clock pan. Two men, named James Autcliffe and William Joura, were charged before Mr Gannt yesterday, at the City Court, with having, stolen two blankets, toe property of C. M Bobertt. 'They were Rounded tilt Tuesday. The Eastern Boroigh Council met test night, and got over aa aocnmulatiou of small items of baslnem, and passed the fortn ightly accounts. A fnil report isgiren in another coinmn. - Tbe Grand Lodge of toe AI.O.O F. did a'moat grtcelnl and. charitable act yesteiday in voitog the sum of ten guineas as a donation to the widow nd family of the late Mr M'Dade, the contractor, who died from his icjurits on Wednesday night. M Dads was a member of the Piioeaix Lodge, Geeteog, and a letter of condolence will alao.be forwarded to his widow, who will in addition be entitled to the usual burial fees, eta, from the lodge to which her hushand belonged. The Napoleon Lead Common hebool agate ap peara likriy to obtato the highest percentage in toe Bellarat district." " Aitoongh 'examined two months before the proper. time, wnd.by a "diffenht inspector, < it hfe gkined nearly as high a per cevtaga. as was given iaat year. la 1S70 Mr Inspector Topp gave a pereeutege of' 94 4gb; this .year Mr lnspector Gitehrirt haa itivon At 207. The following is Mr Gilchrist's report >-Pre®ent, 129\. Aa 9240:8520::92207e=intpectar!B percent age. The school b at present in an excellent condition. All the classes axe above the require , m-cts of the board's progmam. end ibe progr"» m <1- vit.ee iact in( £r ctio'. is very good- Th CiCditi-c tf tbesriinol rtfi"U very great cr> oh or Kr and M e John W. Bu-selL I wss vraj modi pleased with ths cere exh.bited tn teachmg l e yirucgFT Cla-sea reading and wrdiag. Th' biiidir g is far too email for the present attenC- 'atce, aid co'en a larger budding is jroride before saminer, tbe health of the trorit-rs at we-i u that of ifee nop;'-, wiT probably suffer (Signed) Atc&iBAiJJ; Giicheist, Inspector. An icqnera was held yesterd»y afternoon in tbe Gsdocg riespiUl on the body of Chutes M-Dade, whs h d died in tb--t institntion on Wednreday ev-rotig from the «ff eta of a Wow received oa the tewA jasx above the tete ear. The areaflsat ot t he deceased, a man named William Moore, w« pre -nt ia custody of the pvlice. Peter rirx- pUfjfjf. IsodiCKd Ot Prrrtoo# bottly Hrfw Street, deposed that on toe Monday, the 14to teatamt, baiU fire p pm»E«r Cftme mto hi nx9 and drew forth hte hand, either fxamhtecmt pocket cr under it, and Song oomethteg at de erased, which streck him. Piuotar who had quarrelled with the deceased previously, thai tit away. Witness picked np the man, who was biding profusely, and bad him conveyed to the Hospital After potting the deceased ia a cab, witness sought for the missile, and found the piece of road-metal produced, (toe stone waa a sharp- edged of bluestoce, about 2j by 2 by 1 j inches). A pnblican named Campbell deposed that prisoner called at his boose later in the evening, d said that he had nearly killed a man with a stone: Dr Reid proved that tbe wound cn tbe bead bad fractured the sknd and caused hi- fi .m nation bf the brain, of which tbe man died. The hjqnret bad nbt rioaed whs the txrin left Geelong. The revision of the general laws was proceeded wrth yesterday by the Grand Lodge cf toe A I O.O Ft end instruction in secret work of the order wss given by Past .Deputy D.GM Brother Downing, assisted by toe Grand UilW. -The work of the session will be continued to-day. The Bsstern bench, yvsterday morning, beard and ad jo cheated upon a number cure cf petty larceny --< trivial offmcts, which we report rise- where. W-' ' ' "i> ' A carious inststict of superstitinu tn lipped up St the Eastern Gout yeatexday. In the ease of Bsene and wife r Timothy Byan, for asraut, tbe wife obi -cted to be ewora. her ooly reaaan for not taking toe oath bring that she waa in a certain interesting condition. Mr Gsunt arid be knew thixe «u » raperecitiQa ol Uus ksnd pcevleot aoocpt Iridi voneo. A ha tTidccce wu re- qaired to MuUia tbe cbATgCg tbe cue tell through, ad wu tiianiseed. Ha ezsalnstioa of auodidotei for the r&ok; of mbilttfa fa exocicfE, put 3, Cawmlry drul, end artGlery wru beld st tbe orderly room )m oigbt, o<«iler the snpiateodeic a of Ofwtefr- e&t; Colonel Brit There wes good numbs of |a attendance. The re alt will be knoirs in ahnt n month. A whites cr yellow, npazzow is rt located" in Baliam EseL It may be seen flyiog aboat the rtffeti tod is eootideced by our iafaemtot to be % rttra avis. Io Ifoodoa tby ere not eo care, bat ste sold io ctgs . in the xtt-lgbborbool of teapai i price ivtgiag ti oxn 44 Is I ine there cuy be a dalle caon betw«ea oar ornltoo- logical curiosity sod the Ceckney Boag&ler;, for the Utter u saM to confiding ioTeeton as a esjmry, end is piloted op to the r< paired tint. The second lebecripdoD co 'cert ia connection with s>k. Pu1s Chorea cme c S. teat aigtis, kt tbe Uechaakn' Icetiiate, end although the weather int the reverse ot temptiag, tbe res reed aesra w- re fi led to rejdetioa. acd the other portion of the hsli were lolersbly we!l patrooiBtd The programme was aoderssken by the church choir, under tbe letdeniiip of Mr b. Z«unble; end not only wu it pleeaot)y rarifd, hot tbe dfi£reat pirt were Eastaioed with the mmoa iocces. In tbe first part, M,a Morgan wu accorded a merited encore for her spirited rendering of the so g« with cbonis, boss of tbe Greta wood, " aad Mi« Jooee wss omflirij rewarded lor the ery pleasing maooer in which the sang "He'd betier bide a te." In tbe second pert eccores, altboagb per- bpc deeerred, were too fruently ineisted oa. Mr Bob«or 'e clarionet solo n»d twice to be re peated, while the pFrformaocea of Mr Lamble, Hue KdUy. W»« Jones, end Mr BsQty were all r«i-maded The other Items on tbe bill were eff ctaatly re&dnd.; Dr Jakioe met with a baggy accident yesterday somewhat eituHar to that eaatrined by Dr NicUol- eon od fcatUy ereoiog. Dr Jakioe was driring along DrumiDond street, seixtbe Union Pooodry, the axle of tbe off bind wheel brofte abort eff at the ehsolder, and the donor waa thrown into rise road. By a somewhat siogalar coincidence, Mr Farnees, cf Sturt street, was the first to reod-r ueUtance, at be had been fa the case of Dr Nicholson. A meeting of ratepayera of that portion of the Rises bote), Elaine, to ooneidrr toe advisability or otherwise of joining the Utile of Meredith. About fifty persons scrambled, and .Mr Jamss Conley took toe chair, and stated that, eiroatcd aa they were on tbe outskirts of Bnnloy ougatiiie, an d not being able to retain a member from their own district, be was in favor of j lining Meredith, ss by doing ao they would be made into a separate riding of tost shire. Mr At ran M'Keoris asked if it was to take the boundary ae before proposed, viz, north by eut fr m Bornt bridge? Mr Clearly slid " Tea, that was the oJy boondary toey wculd take." Mr Griandrrs stated that toty had rec-lvcd no benefit for the re tea toey bed paid for the four or five yean toey had been in toe shire, and as for the future they must expect a market for their produce at the seaboard, it would be better that they sbonld j tin Meredith sol so get roads made to that township Mr Murphy, the collector of rates, Ac, far the Meredltheosre; said that Banioyongshire was so heavily in debt that they could not expect to get any roade made if they remained as toey were. Mr A. M'K-czle epeke warmly in favor ot re- nulbteg as toey were. He was tare that they wculd be fairly treated bf Bnninyocgshire ; but if they j ti ed Meredith, the whole of their revenue for many years would be abiorbed to make toe xoad from Meredith to the proposed bridge over the Rivtr Leigh, a road that woo d be of little service to vhsl district, and that one member of Mereditosbire had lately proposed to split the abire and divide it between the adj tining bodies. Mr Hunroe remarked, in answer to Mr Morpby, that if Bn -inyongehire was in debt, they bal good work to show for it. Mr (X Vine, the eeseesar for Buninyongebire, read extracts from ihe banks of tbe c.unctl eho«- it g that there had b en works executed by diffe rent contracts in the district sine- the boundary was settled at toe ecd of tbe year 1867 amcjunucg to more than £2000, independent of carting and spreading metal, surface labor, salaries, and other incidental expenses. That daring tost time tbe rates wrre £573 10», amounting with the Govern ment eubsidy, to about £1569 12s. Also that the Merediihebire rates amounted, according to th: test published statements, to £671, and the raw- payers to 361 in number, with a revenue of £2149. Baainyongsldre rata were £2S00,xata- psyera 289, with a revenue of £17.000. He aeked toe gentlemen connected with the MereditL- abire to point out where they had spent one shil ling in the disirici daring the time they collected s portion of the rates. Mr Mnrpby stated that th: Banioyongshire spent a great oeri in salaries. Mr M Cod vi'lle said, from toe statement he had jastbeard,heconeidraed tbe salaries were higbra in p o portion in H-rediihahire, 'ban in Bonteyong- shire. Mr O'Keefe aeked the meeting to cany a m turn that they sbonld join Meredith as a sepa rate riding, and amotion to that effect was put by Mr Mn'qniney, which was ruled out of order. Mr Gelandera then proposed that the meeting at once Scree to take proceeding to be annexed tn Mere- d thsbire. An amendment was proposed by Mr M'Convifle — That ho proceedings be attempted until a rait way platf aw le placed at Elaine. The amendment waa carried by a large majority, only four hands being held op for toe motion A vote of thanks to toe chair cone nded toe proceeding. Notwithstanding tbe contradiction given to our statement respecting Mr Clow, it will be seen by tbe snbj lined from the' Argot tost onr report of ' bis resignation waa correct Gar contemporary ays: — Thr resignation of Mr Ciow, lately police magistrate at btieglita, has beat accepted by tbe Government, This ia the thiid police magistracy wfaica has fallen, vacant lately. None of them has been Ailed up, toe Government having re solved to have toe duties performed by toe exist ing etaff, aaeisted by the honorary joetieee. Boninyong bad a whole hailstorm and snow storm to Itself on Thursday evening. 1 he Tele graph says: — A large hailstorm set in late ao Thursday evening, which was followed this morn ing by one of toe largest talis of snow ever wit nessed in Boninyong, continuing as tt' did fox hours, the snowffakra be lag of an unusually large - size, making a very pretty sight. The Chats Guariia ssys that tbegrub.ia made its unwelcome appearance among the oats about Glen darnel and Coghfll'a Creek, mid large patches are to be seen dying away. Thewheatin toe locality is, however, on the wtede, knkiig promising. _1 " ' ' According to Mr MfLdteni' the cha-g of j Ctioaet Ssnkry, for reporting on our wuerwmks, will be Utile short of £3000. A.eomewbst important notification (wzitps the Argot) is erproted" to appear-' in tc- aight'e (Friday's) Government Gazette, in reference to toe operatioo of the Wine, Beat; mid Spirit "Sales Statute. By clause -3' of that measure ' shire couodls and district road boards are authorised to take steps to obtain the proclamation of any portion of ttarix ana not within mile of a dig or t W-O. and any barcugb council tost of tosh borough if it b: u=t wftbia £9 miles of Mslbourse _ B p\toE wherein £10 lieeevra can be irane--'. The appiicstiore ai ready mad in lb' revp-ei art about to be poWfcbed io the Govermmext Gazette, after wbirb otj-co-o«, Ac ,esn Se org-d in way hfch will be euggefted io tbe notifiratkm. Aw old Bal I rat eniamt rc- - m to have got : ,pj trouble. Tbe Bobari Tom Mere try rrpvnr- Edward Nredbara koowo as Professor Needbam. vi s Ire. ring Laoncestoo for M-Ibonroe test week, aud cn Thnraday bsugbt a black coat for which be paid with s cbeqav, reaarkmg that bs bad f oo c in tit bank These were f -nod, on tbe -resentation of tbe cb« que, to sraou -t to sixpence. He was arrested next cay on board tbe stetm-r, ud bail cot befog forthcoming, be wae locked up. The Grtstciei Advertitrr va ( toot toe crops io tbe nrigbborbogd of Giesgower look spieodid. being evidently at leaet a month is advance of other parts of tbe district. _ R is announced to our advertising column tins morning that tire talented Gregory troupe win re open for ssbort season at the Theatre Royal on Thursday night next. An extraordinary instance cf tefantiae prrcc- aty and determinsdon has corn- under the notice of tbe -Abate AostrtHao Advertiser. A boy tsro yean -and eight months bU.-vbe is motberiees, and whose father is in the South Seas, resides with his xtahdfaftbec in tbe idly, and bos fre quently asked bis guardian to take Urn to see his former Erase, to whom Ee ia much attached, at BovdsD. Tbe grandfather baa often pr raised to comply with bis request, but procrastinated so long thti the lttile fellow, wearied of repeated de- laya, oa Saturday last acted en Us.own.?espoesi- bilily.sod wa'.ltlcg -from Bundle street, took bis seat in tbe Fort train. When a stop was mads at Bowden tbe child kicked energeticaily at tbe 'door of tbe carriage, aed'oo tire gnarit asking bim what was tire matter, bis replied tost be wanted ti be let out, and explained his eras A Asaan- irg dtsenmoa follow, and resulted In tbecfil- ciai OrcSuing to -allow K> yesrug a passenger to lrare tbe train unattended. Two ladies ia the aim ctrria'ge bound LoreP art A3eUI3eja3miring toemsely b aring, and "entertained by the qnsita raytegs, of tbe boy, took charge of him, and on their return to the dty restored tbe trnaat to his friends, srho in their arixirty had employed a cnmicT af ncnto eearrti fn ttm-Rll vra the -tewn. 