LEGISLATIVE COJDTJCJL. : Tuesday, November 21. The PBESiDKNTtook the Ghair at £ o'clock. PB1KTIHGCOMMITIKK. . The eighth report was brought up, read, and adopted.' . , . ' POST ADELAIDE BKSERVE8 BILL. A metoage from the House of Assembly in formed the Council', that its amendments intta Bill had been agreed to without amendment. ADELAIDE, GLENELG, AND SUBURBAN . ~ BAILWA^ BILL A message from the Assembly was reoeivecL stating that the amendments of the Gounod la this Bill had been agreed to. MINISTERIAL EXPLANATION. _ The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Milne# said:—Sir—In order to put myself in order with ' the Council in malting the explanation lamftbout to give, I move that the GouncU^at its rising adjourn till tomorrow at a quartortoS o'clock. Of course, the Council .will understand I do not wish to tee this motion carried.. (Hear. hear.) Hon. gentlemen will remember that when'the Council last met I had the honohr of malting a certain explanation astowhathad xnevidadr taken placie in reference tothe resjgnsbonof too Hart Ministry.and the various complications which led to toe formation of a newMmistar by Mr. Blyth. Since then, hod. gentiemenare aaraza thata vote ofwantof confidencehaSbeen moved by Mr. Hqghes m the other.hranch'of theLegiala tureand carried, ft thereupon became the dot*. \- - • - ■ ' ' * - spa of the Government to consider theirpoeitibi m doing so they felt it necessary to pass under review tire present state ol parties in the Hoase of Assembly, and the condnsum at which am ham arrived is that there m no Tilmlihbod of a strong Government being ; formed ' such as _ will secure the confidence Of the other branch of the Legislature. If we had any reason for supposing that such could be effected, it would have influenced the action oftheGonan ment as to what should be done. I may state that the vote of want of confidence, moved by Mr, Hughes, was carried by the casting-vote "of the- - Speaker. I therefore ask the Council to consider for a minute ortwo what is the result of recent complications.. ft is known to htm., genua- t' men that a certain section of the Housed Assembly was dissatisfied with the Hart Ministry, and that they put forward the hon. member Mr. Boucaut as the exponent of their views, and Indnaed. •• him to table in the other branch of the Legislature a vote of want of Confidence 'in the Government. Mr. Boucaut accepted the responsibility, and, as hon. gentlemen were aware; the motion was : carried by a - majority of two The Hart . Ministry then tendered their resignation. and His Excellency, as was very natarH and proper for him to do, sent for Mr. Boucaut, and eBtrasted to him the task of fonninga Ministry ; but instead of doing bo, Mr. Boucaut declined tine , duty; aaa . His Excellency under these circumstances seolfoc theEon. Mr. Ayers, who, however, had informed them that, after exhausting every expedient,_pg had faded imthe attempt to formea Ministry. The hon. gentieman did not foil from a want of pejv severance; but after he had tried every possbw , combination he. discovered that the State tf : parties in the House .of Assembly^ waa such as rendered ; it impossible, -aria as therefore resigned the task hA bad . undertaken*. Under these circumstances His Exh&Iency; then sent for the Hon. Mr. Blytluwho. feu back upon his former coileagues. Mr. Hart having pra- , viously expressed in strong tefmB his determination not to remain a member of the'Government any longer; His Excellency naturally Bentfor Mr. Birth., Hon with his old colleagues, did what I'consider ^very natural and proper under the circumstances, because it would be. admitted that jthere wetpny .. valid grounds for rejecting the Ministry exprodsrid either when the vote of a wantof confidence wjm ■ brought forward by Mr. Boucaut or - by Mr. Hughes., We therefore met the two Housac and Mir. Blyth in ; the Assembly informed' that- House that he would on ""the following Thursday state - what would be -the finMiw policy of the Government, aud also that he would inform-the House as to what amendments theGo- . vernment intended to introduce in the Bduoatiow Bill. But before Mr. Blyth Had an opportunity of doing this Mr. Hughesbrought forward hismotiow. of want of .confidence-in the. Government. V;* may state, however, that it seems. to be perfectly evident from the .efforts that have hem previously . made Go-form a new Ministry that thepnlyresmt;. has been to show the disorganization -of parties in the House of Assembly. It showed that there was an absence of unanimity in sentiment upon evnry : question of importance; and. the .Government have felt therefore, in considering their position, that while if they had the shghtest reason for supposing that a strong Government could be formed on their resignation tbey- would .feel it to be their duty to resign, and are quite prepared to do so; yet, as there was not the slightest hope of a Ministry being formed winch would have. the . confidence of the House of Assembly, we have advised His Excellency to dissolve the. House of AwemUy, in order that the members may be sent back to "their constituents, and that the country1 may have an opportunity of expressing their opinions on theleading questions now before the Legislature. The Government have therefore; under these circumstances, though with1 con siderable regret, advised His fiieellency to diSsolre the House of Assembly, and I may add that Mi* Excellency has been pleased. to accept this advice. And I ask hon. . gentlemen to, consider whether; in view of thefact that a vote of wantof confidence has been carried by the casting vote of the Speaker only, it-is reasonable. to expect that any Government could be formed by Mr. Hughes, or by any other member; , whim would be likely to possess the confidence of the House. I maintain that ills not, and l believe hon. gentlemen will admit that my opinion v correct, that it is highly desirable for the interests of the country that a Government possessing the confidence or the House of Assembly should be formed, because it will he impossible to carry aay measure of importance while the House is divuted against itself as it is. Under these hucumstanaest therefore, there is no other courae open than to appeal to the source of all power, and to say to the country, "such and such u the state of affairs, and as we cannot agree we remit the questions in dispute for your decision. We find it impossible for the Government to rarry on the business of the coun try with credit to (gnHns, and it is therefore for you to express yourviews upon the subject." It has been said that the pre sent time is not propitious for a dissolution, but I must say that a great deal more haslweuraaae oC this argument than it is entitled to. - The Govern ment intend that there shall not be a series of elections as on former occasions, hut Ml toe elections will be held on the tome day." B is. very desirable that the country should have an opportunity of expressing its view upon the land question. At the commence ment of the present session the Government introduced a Bill in accordance with the wishes of the country, as expressed at the last toectioru; but the Bill came before the Council in a very modi fied form. It is also obvious that a very\ extra ordinary change has taken place in the views ot some of the members of the other branch of .the Legislature as compared with those expressed bjr them at the last election; but whether .tost change is in consequence of a change in the opinions of their ' constituents remains to be seen. It is, at any rate, desirable that if such, changes have taken place in public opinion an or~11 ■■■' should be given for expressing it. The Bill is also a very important measure, upon which the utmost diversity of opinio But upon this subject the constituencies had an opportunity of expressing the But that there may be as little waste of tone as possible, the Government intend that all the elections shall take place on one day, so that those who were not successful in. one district_wul not have an opportunity of trying others. I beueve the country will approve of this. The Government intend to appeal to the country, and in doing so we say that we believe the action taken by toe hon. member Mr. Boucaut and by the Hon. Mr. Ayers will not be endorsed by the oountry. The members of the Ministry are willing, to imperil their own seats upon, the iBsue. The elections will also be all included in one batch. Hitherto these things have been bo' managed that the districts wnicn were represented by the members of toe Govern ment have been included in the brat oaten, ana the inference iB that this arrangement was made so that if they were unsuccessful in their own districts they might have another chance. But the Government intended to castaway from under themselves this opportunity. Having said this much. I will now inform the Council that there are a few measures which the Government think it desirable should be passed before the dissolution takes place. One of these is a Bill, to extend the time during which the drained lands in the Areas of Mavuira and Mount Muirhead shall remain open • « ,f _ a. aVa MHAKAnt fsioAa nf fiff ay sntiliHflWTI^* acre^'ThrGoVemmenrfeerthatit is'not desirable that this reclaimed land should be sold at a less nrice at present. Another measure that we thmk it very desirable to pass before the House prorogues is a Bill to authorize the raising of money for toe construction of the Narracoorte Railway. (Oh, oh J The Government intend also to the Legista ture to pass a Supply Bill for £50,000 to enable them to cany on the ordinary business of the country till they have an opportunity of again meeting the Legislature. The elections. will be hurried forward with the utmost expedition, ana the Government intend to call the Legislature together at the earliest possible date after they are concluded. I do not know that I have any further statement to make to the Council. The Hon. J. GROZLKR very much regretted that the Government had advised His Excellency to dissolve the Parliament. He- did not think any thing could be more injurious to the county to the present time—(cheers)—and .he did not think His Excellency was well advised to grant a dis solution until Mr. Hughes had failed to form a Ministry. If he failed, then there would be some justification for an appeal to the country. Tbey knew tbat at this season they should not get the voice of the country. (Hear, hear.) The present step was one of the most ill-advised things which had ever taken place in South Australia, and showed him the Government wanted to retain their places till the very last moment, and nothing else. (Cheers.) Why did they not let some one else try to form a Ministry? and if they failed then it would be a proper question to go to the country. They were ready to go on with toe work ;tliey had the Land Bill before them, which if they did not like they could amend, it was well known that the amendments made by toe Council in the Land Bill last session met with toe ^provalofOie country, and it was quiteposaibte the same thing might ocOTr ^ ^ ji® very much doubted 5 the Bill would pass in its nrpsent state If the Chief Secretary was not ready to go on with the business, why not allow some one else to da so? Was the present Ministry. ^ newly as possible the Hart Ministry, indispen sable? (Cheers.) fcuppoje thevallAied-<a faugh) —would the country stand still! Nothing of the port. He hoped for the honour of His Excellency ] that he would"pause: before he took this step, vrhtehif he took . would toe recorded' togaiiwE his judgment He thoughtthere was no necessity for it, and he hoped theCouncil would express'their ^The**Hom^f MORGAN quite agreed with the Hon. Mr. Crorier that no more disastrous step «ndd have been taken by the Government in the present-state of affairs than to advise a dissolution; but disastrous as it would be for the country he was convinced it would be far more disastrous for the present Ministry. At least three-fourths of the Assembly would be returned, and -he undertook to say if they were, - the Blyth Administration, each individual member, -would be shelved far three years. That was the case with the Strangways Ministry, who advised a dissolution for a ' little reason'. ' The first day they met the House they were turned -out, and it would have taken two or three years before they could have occupied the Treasury benches again. The Chief Secretary had said the House of Assembly was disorganized. rWhat did the disorganization mean! It meant that they would not have the Blyth or -Hart Administration at any price. (Cheers ! They had the idea that the salvation of South Aus tralia depended upon their administration of affaire; but he contended there were many men who would be able to do it as well and perhaps better, who should have an opportunity of trying: It might be said of the first vote of the Assembly that it 'was hot - warranted by circumstances; but having passed that vote, he said they were bound to pass - the second vote; and now because the Assembly would hot have them to rule over them,' the Ministry were going to appeal to.the country. What were they going to appeal to the country upon?—the Education BiU, which the Ministry said they had-no policy upoin? the land Bill, which they had stated was the. phild of the House and not tbeire at-all! There was no single question to r.hear.) The go to the country upon. (Hear, hear.) The people were buinr with the harvest;-and even if there was any question to get the voice of the people upon, they would not get it. He -understood that in another place a notice would be given requesting His Ezceuency not to dissolve the House, hut to . dismiss hie present advisers, and he certainly ap . proved Of that.' The Chief Secretary had inti mated that there were a few little matters which he wanted . to can? OIV..„ Pe voted for the South-Eastem Bail way Bill be cause it was promised- to the people, not oh its mcri^ end he said so at the time, but he should most go against trusting -the present Ministry with £150,000 to carry the work out, and oppose their borrowing it by all means in his power. '(Bear, bear.) He was rather amused to near the Chief Secretary talk about "our seats"— <a laugh)—for, fortunately for him, his seat would not be effected by the dissolution. He took it these gentlemen were the patriotic Ministry of 8outh Australia which the country could not do without: (Laughter.) They said, "If you don't know when you have got good servants, we know when we have got good masters. We like the pay. We' know we have only two months' more office; we have been kicked out twice, but that is - not sufficient,- we are going to wait for the third kick—(laughter)—and then we shall go out for the next three or four years." (Continued laughter.) The Hon.-W. PARK Iff said when the Chief Secretary commenced his speech he seemed rather fearful of letting the cat out of the bag. hut at last it appeared; and amounted to this—" Whatsoever JBng shall reign, I will be Vicar of Bray." He asked whaton earth was the object of an appeal to the country at this time above all others? The harvest was fast approaching; the labourers would dl'be required, and the farmers would rather sacrifice' their privilege of voting, even if there was any important question—which in this instance there* was- not—than go to record their votes for any man. He looked upon it as a fearful step which the Ministry had taken in advising a dissolution, and he hoped the Council would raise its voice unanimously, except the Chief Secretary, against it. It might be that not one of the Ministers would be returned again but for the time/for no doubt they would take care to get those who were willing to vote for them to do.sa . Why should the Ministry stick to office? Were there not important questions which the country was clamouring for, but which were kept in abeyance through the Ministry preventing any Others taking their position? If it was the intention of the Government to dissolve the" Assembly im mediately, they would go into the very thick of the harvest; or if it was their intention to bridge over two or three months, topay their own salaries,. above all things it was disgraceful. As tothe agricul tural areas: he would have no objection to pass a Bill immediately to prevent land which was worth £210s. an acre coming down to £1; hut he did not suppose the proposition to borrow money for the South- Eastem Railway would meet with the approval of the House. He hoped the Council would, as they had always endeavoured to do, deride what was best for the country, and request His Excellency to pause before he proceeded to \- a, dissolution. The Hom' T. HOGARTH was extremely sorry to leam that Parliament was to be dissolved. He supposed that before such a step was taken the parties in power should show a reason for it; but they had shown .nothing of the kind. Why did the Ministry refuse toleave office when ParDament had no more confidence in them ? Was it for them to put t he country-to the expense of a general election?' The country was getting to look upon legislators as' a pack of fools, some of them knaves, which was worse. (A laugh.) The pro ceedings of the last fortnight. would bring legisla tion into absolute contempt. In the .first instance those who put oat the Ministry did not show .that they did so for . the purpose of carrying on the business of the country better; seats were all they . wanted.' If the Ministry had been as thinekinned as - they oughttobe, theywonld not be in office now, and he was very sorly to see the hon member Mr. Milne, and a countryman of his own—(laughter)—in such ; a pdsitibn. Before he would be in such a position , be would. beg his bread, or break stones on the : ! road. There existed no high tone of morals, ' nothing but money, and the sooner they did away ! with the money attached to the office of Ministers —(Hear, heati^-the ..sooner . would they have honourable men taking the position. It might be said; if "they gave them no pay members would tamper vrithi the public funds; out if they did that they would .have, to go to the Stockade. If ! there was: another election he was sure not one out of every ten electors would put himself to the trouble of going,to vote—(Hear, hear)—and the result would be a few men with impudence would get in. The advice the Ministry had given His Excellency was the most contemptible piece of legislation which there had ever been in South Australia;- in . fact he could not find words to express his detesta tion of the: manner in which business^ had been carried .on for,the last fortnight. ' The Hon. -J. HODGKISS was glad the Ministry had had the moral courage to take the only con stitutional course which he believed was open to them—thatof .(KssolvmgParliament. It bad been well assbrfea by the Chief Secretary that the confnsibnrihto which various parties in the House of Assembly were thrown at the present time was audi tbat no Ministry would be likely to com mand a working majority. He believed, that was perfectly true, and 'though it was much to be deplored that a dissolution was rendered, necesaary at this particular season, he thought tbe course events had taken during the last month made it desirable that it should take place. "The Minis try had had moral courage, in deciding, ill the, face of the expression of the Press and the general expression outside, that there ahould.be a dissolution. The Hon. fib. Crozier deprecated the advice which had been given to His ;.. Excellency, but gave no reason for the opinion held simply beyond that it was injudicious to dis solve at the present time. Had there not been in tbe Assembly evidence of a vacillating tendency on the part of many members on nearly all the most important questions which bad been, discussed there? and if from day to day they exhibited such instability, it could not he contended, that they represented the opinions of the country at large. From that fact alone, it was very desirable that His Excellency should take the only step Open to him. and endeavour to get a better expression of opinion from the country than be succeeded in doing at the last election. He had never been' a very ardent supporter of the Hart Ministry, for the reason that they had not carried out the principles which bad been embodied in their Bills witn that determination and conviction which men baring frith in their own ideas ought to do, and he regretted that months ago they did not dissolve the House when they found they could notcany the Laud Bill instead of trimming their sails to meet the views of the House, and being shipwrecked at last. The Hon. Mr. Morgan bad ventured on dangerous ground, inasmuch as he bad ventured to prophesy that the step tbe members of the fifinistiy had taken would have the effect of keeping them out of office for at least three "ears. He did not venture to prophesy, but he doubted that very much. The hon. gentleman had not shown that by any possible combination of circumstances another Ministry -could be formed in the present disorganized state of the Assembly which would be supported. There was not the slightest scintilla or ghost of an argument that snch a thing could be dime, and therefore that justified tbe course the Ministry had advised His Excellency. The hon. gentleman said he voted for the South-Eastern Brilway, Bill, not on its merits, hut because it was promised tothe people of the South-East; but now he found it a convenient opportunity of breaking his promise by saying he would not vote the money . which would enable the work to be carried out. He left him to reconcile the statement the best way he could to hisown conscience andthepeopleof the South-Eastem District. The Hon. Mr. Parkin had reiterated the argument about the unfitness . the season. No doubt the season was incon venient. but elections were inconvenient at any time; but if the country two years ago returned people who could not carry on the business, no matter how inconvenient, they must be appealed to again. The Hon. Mr. Hogarth said people would not vote. Perhaps it would not be an un mitigated evil if some people did not vote; but he, thought those who really valued their fran chise would be prepared to make some little sacrifice at the present crisis, and record their votes to show whether they upheld the present Government or not. It was a very commendable alteration in the mode of conducting , elections which the Ministry Bad said they, intended to inaugurate—that of baring the whole Of them in one day—(Hear, bear)— which would prevent a man who was un fortunate hi one constituency going to another. He Believed the Ministry would find themselves returned to a man by. the constituencies they now represented, and nothing bad been said by the Opposition" which had done anything more than strengthen their position in the eyes of the country. Tbe Hon.: H- AYEBS would follow the last speaker with regard to what he called the disor ganization. of the Assembly. He was aware of no disorganization beyond what haul been stated by a , previous-speaker— that they had unmistakably declared-oil two occasions that thev would not have the Hart Ministry nor the Hart Ministry without Mr.. Hart and with Mr. Townsend in has place. ' And they had the authority of the Chief Secretary lor knowing that the policy of the present Govern. ment was identical with that 6f the Hart Ministry —those were his words—and thought they had been contradicted in another place, they had no right to take any contradiction till the hon. gentleman gave it. But whether the Ministry had advised the Governor to dissolve—as he supposed they had— or the Governor had advised the Ministry, it was ' all the same!,. because the Governor was not responsible, and the Ministry were. If the Goverhor said, "I will not accept your resig nation; I will dissolve the House," the Ministry were not bound to accept that position. He sub mitted that neither His Excellency nor the Ministry had taken the proper course. Every effort had not been tried—no effort, as far as he could see, to make' a Ministry. The Chief Secretary had said there was to be an appeal to the country as to whether the "action of Mr. Boucaut and himself (Mr. Ayere) was to be approved by it What had he done, he shonld like to Know, that any action of~J his should go to the country? He had nothing to do with either Mr. Boncaut's motion against the Hart Ministry, or Mr. Hughes's against the Biy th Ministry. His Excellency did him the honour to send for him to form a Government, because Mr. Boucaut declined. He was undergo obligation to Mr. Boucaut or his supporters. He could have formed a Government: but he did not think it would be a strong one," as he bad already explained, in conse quence of legislative matters being so unsettled, and bo did not choose to form it. He had yet to leam that any conduct of his deserved to be deter mined upon by the country. If. it was the. fashion here to nave a plebiscite he would not have the slightest objection to go before the country on the question should Mr. Milne be Chief Secretary for toe next twelve months,-or Mr. Ayers, or Mr. Hart, Or Mr. Blyth. or any one else—(Hear, hear)— but there was no reason for the hpn. gentleman to attack him.' He aid not know perhaps how much he had to do with the formation of the Blyth Ministry. He was called upon to advise, hut he did not feel-disposed, as some non. members who were .. called'upon to form a Government did, to say what took pllace between His Excellency and himself. He thought that it was not desirable that the public or Parliament should know it. He would give the Council and the Chief Secretary the experience of what had taken place in the past, which was better than all the'theories that could be propounded. A little more than three years ago he was in office; he was defeated on the land question, and various attempts'were^ made to form another Government without success. His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, Colonel Hamley, sent for him, and he came back to office just in the same position as the Hon. Mr.Milne—dropping Mr. Hart, and taking Mr. Townsend. The House would not have them, and they advised His Excellency to dissolve Par liament, and communicated to the House that His Excellency had been pleased to accept that advice. . His Excellency afterwards said he regretted having taken that advice, and he (Mr. Avers) regretted that he had given it, and they agreed that there should be no dissolution. Another attempt was made to form a Ministry, which succeeded, and that Ministry remained in office 18 monthB. (Hear, hear.) He believed it would be better for them selves, and better for the province, if the Govern ment followed that course and retraced their steps, the present circumstances being almost , identical. He remembered that Colonel Hamley exercised the right Of consulting othet men who had bad ex perience in politics, though .far removed from them then, and their advice waB, "Don't dis solve the House of Assembly till you have tried eveiy possible means to get a Government." There was no reason whatever why, because Mr.. Boucaut and himself failed to form a. Ministry, ' other members , should not do so. Becourse to a dissolution should only be resorted to as a last resource. It was of no use to take England as a precedent, because the general elections only came round once in seven, years there, and there were always a number of candidates ready to offer "them selves. -The Hon. Mr. Hodgkiss had stated that there was no . possibility "of. . forming another Ministry on account of the disorganized state of parties in the Assembly. - He did not admit that snch' was the case; but, supposing it to be ' true, an appeal to the country would not be likely to correct the evil, because in. all probability not one-sixth or one-tenth of the present members would be rejected. There was one reason, however, why the Ministry should not resign. There was nothing in the Constitution which rendered the Ministry indispensable. Half a dozen Ministries might be formed out of the members of the two Houses, but he would like to have kept the Hart Ministry in office in order that they might repair the mischief th ey "had" done, though whether they should he paid for doing so was another question. But unfortunately the only punishment they could in Diet upon the Government was to turn them out of officev /whilst the sins they committed fell upon the shoulders of their successors. That might have had some" influence upon bis own course of action when attempting to form a new Ministry, and it might have something to do in the difficulty said to be still existing in forming a new Ministry.. There was one . piece of legislation which the Hart Ministry left to be dealt with by the present Government, namely, the Land Bill. If that were ont of the way—(Tne Chief Secretary—"Hear, hear.") The Hon. Chief Secretary said "Hear, hear," Why, for the last four months the Ministry had "been existing upon it, and if there were to be a dissolution the effect must he to get rid of the Land Bill and of the old Ministry together. A great point had been made of the intention to have the whole of the elections on one day. Possibly it might answer the little game which the Government were playing, but i remained to be seen what would be the ultimate result. At aDy rate, as the elections were to take place as early as possible, there was no reason whatever for asking the Council to pass a Bill of Supply. (Hear, hear.) The Govern ment would not require it before the end of December; and in fact they would want but little - or nothing in -the way of funds till the end of , January, whilst there was no reason whatever why . the new Parliament should not he called together early in January. He should therefore refuse to vote one farthing of Supply—(Hear, hear)—and : certainly he would not trust the present Govem men with £150,000 to carry op the Lacepede .Railway. (Hear, hear.) He dia not say that he would Ultimately vote against a Bill for that purpose; but he would not trust the construction of the railway to a Government that had been twice condemned. He could not but express his deep regret that His Excellency should have been advised to resort to a dissolution at the present time. There was nothing in the state of - parties to justify it, and there were no important political questions to remit to the country. It was nothing to the country whether Mr, Boucaut, him self, or the Chief Secretary had done right or wrong. The country did not care abont such matters, hnt was only desiroqs that the duties of the Government were properly carried ont. There was no reason why Mr. Hughes should not form a good Ministry. He was Treasurer for about nine teen months, and performed the duties of his office with credit to himself and satisfaction to the HouEe. And if be were not to be clogged with, the unconstitutional difficulty they would have. shortly to discuss there would be no difficulty whatever in the way of forming a ndw Ministry. If His Excellency did not wish to entrust Mr. Hughes with the duty of forming a Ministry they could not help it;nut they might addresB His Excellency, praying him to reverse his decision respecting the dissolution, and he would himself give notice of motion to that effect. The Hon. J. B. HE ALES would not have taken the trouble to speak upon the question before the Council, for it was a trouble, but he wished just to say that the advice which the Ministry had offered to His Excellency was just a repetition of the insult offered to the two branches of the Legis lature by the Strangways Ministry two years ago. It was saying in effect that of the 36 members of the Assembly and the 18 members of the Council not one could be found who could be entrusted with the duty of forming a Ministry. There might be some members who were not as yet sufficiently acquainted with the forms of the House, or who on account of their youthf illness— that was to say their youth as legislators—who were incapable of occupying positions in the Ministry; but this objection applied to every member on the first establishment of representa tive government in the colony. A dissolution should never be resorted to till every other re source had failed. That was the principle upon which Sir William Denison acted. The whole House should he tried, or. at any rate a very large percentage, before they gave up the attempt to foim a Government. He repeated it, that., the course which the present Ministiy had taken was a gross insult to the Assembly, and indirectly to the Council also. He had great personal respect for the Hon. Chief Secretary, but he believed that both Houses would resent the insult offered to them. He disagreed in opinion with the Hon. Mr. Morgan that the majority of the present Ministiy would uot be returned again. Very strong influence would no doubt be brought to bear upon the constituency to secure their return, but he believed a worse thing would happen, namely, that after their re turn they would be turned out of office, and that it would be a long time before they held office again. It was all very well to talk about the House being disorganized, but he believed by.far the greater number of them would be again returned, and then what would be gained by the dissolution? It was one ..of the most outrageous things that had ever been done, and was only equalled by the action taken by the StrangwayB Ministry two years ago. The Hon. W. STORRIE would , only say a few words on the subject under discussion. Tlie reasons given by the Government for the advice they bad tendered to His Excellency would certainly not hear investigation. It had been said that on account of the state of parties in the Assembly a new Ministry could not be formed, but Mr. Boucaut would have done so had it not been for the proviso imposed upon him respecting the Premiership,. and which he considered to have been quite unconstitutional. (Hear, hear.) The second Ministry formed by the Hon. Mr. Blyth was nearly identical with the previous one, and the House could scarcely be expected to have confidence in it. On the other hand the member who moved the vote of no confidence in the present Government had not had any oppor tunity of forming a new Ministry. _ There was, therefore, no proof of his inability to form a strong .and stable Administration; and though the votes were rqual, many of those who voted against the motion would have supported the new Ministry. The advice tendered to Bus Excellency was exceedingly injudicious, and would have the effect of involving the country in the turmoil of a general Section, together with the expenses connected with it, at a time when it was very undesirable that an election should take place. The Government had surely not considered the subject in a financial point of view. They had taken a most injudicious step, and one which was opposed to the wishes and advice of the House of Assembly and the Council, as well as the Press, which, though it would derive pecuniary benefit from a general election in the shape of advertise ments, had yet strongly opposed it. It was usual when a vote of a want of confidence against a \- Ministry bad been carried that they resigned; but the present Ministry were still iu power, though twice defeated. It reminded him of the soldier who caught aTartar. When ordered to bring him along he exclaimed, "1 can't,'' and when told to let him alone, said, " He won't let -me," (Laughter.) He hoped, however; that the Ministry would retrace their Steps by advising His Excellency to reconsider his decision. The Hon. T. ENGLISH had given his support to the Chief Secretary generally, but he could not support him in the recommendation the Govern ment had offered to His Excellency to dissolve the House of Assembly. They should at least have given Mr. Hughes an opportunity of trying to form a new Ministry, If he could not succeed, the present Government would have been justified in advising a dissolution, but not otherwise. The . arguments which had been advanced in opposition to the course taken by the Government were un answerable. He regretted that the name of the Governor bad been so frequently brought in 1 during the discussion, but noon a question of that kind it was scarcely possible to avoid it. But j though His Excellency had taken the advice of the Ministry in this instance, there were precedents for . retracing the steps which had been taken, and he hoped that they would be followed. The present difficulty was not exactly parallel to that of the 1 Strangways Ministry, for in that case greater efforts had been maae to carry on the government ! of the country without success. Mr. Boucaub did not attempt to form a new Ministry, and the Hon. Mr. Ayers had explained to the Council the reasons of his want of success, and why certain gentlemen could not join him in the Ministry upon whom he had depended; but there were no reasons for supposing that Mr. Hughes would experience the same difficulties. -With respect; however, to ; the reference made by the Chief Secretary to Mr. Boucaut in connection with the Hon. Mr. Ayers, to which the latter gentleman bad taken exception, he believed the Hon. Chief Secretary made a mistake. (TheChiefSecretary—"Hear,hear.) He must have meant Mr. Hughes, as his arguments clearly indicated.. He thought also that the Ministry was .not altogether to blame for the existing state of things. The parties in the Assembly were so equally divided that it was possible they might see the error they had com mitted, and be induced to allow the present Government to remain in office, and to carry on the business of the country to the end of the session. The Hon. P. SANTO could not but express his disappointment and regret at the course taken by the Ministry. It had been rumoured during the last few days that it was very probable the Govern ment would advise His Excellency to a dissolution, but he never believed it till he heard it from the Chief Secretary himself that afternoon. From the experience of the past, and in consideration of the present condition of the country, they could not but regard a dissolution at the present time as a very great evil. There was more excuse for a dis solution when the Strangways Ministry was "-in office than at the present time. He very mnch regretted that the Ministry had taken upon them selves the "responsibility of advising a dissolution, because it would be- felt by themselves in the course of time, and be injurious to them as well as to the country generally. It had been said that the gentleman who moved the last vote of a want of confidence in the Ministry would be unable to form another Ministry, but he himself st ated in the Assembly that all bis arrange ments in that respect were completed. He was rather disposed to think' that it was because, the Government believed he would be successful that they had advised a dissolution. .(Hear, hear.) It was generally believed that Mr. Hughes would have formed a Ministry capable of carrying on the business of the countryvand he did not see why he should not do so. He was Treasurer for 18 months, and conducted the business of the office with more than ordinary skill and credit. There would be another opportunity of referring to these matters when the address to the Governor:was under consideration. He hoped the representa tions of the Council would induce His Excellency to avert the unmitigated evil which would result from a dissolution at the present time. (Hear, hear.) The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Milne), in reply, said that the - Hon. Mr. Morgan had remarked that the disorganization of the House of Assembly wassimply that they would not have the Hart Ministry. The Hon. W. MORGAN explained. What he said was that the -disorganization which the Hon. Chief Secretary stated to exist in the House of Assembly was nothing more than a determination not to have the Hart Ministry. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Milne) continued. That amounted to the same thing; but, supposing any other Ministry to be formed, what reason had they for supposing it would command the confidence of the House?" He had stated that in consequence of the disorganized state of the Assembly it was not possible, and it was therefore thoroughly constitutional to advise His Excellency to dissolve the House, as well as the best course that could be pursued. He said this altogether irrespective of what might be the fate of the present Government. The Hon. Mr. Ayers had misrepresented him in his statement that the policy of the present Government .would be identical with that of the previous one, and the report would bear him out in that statement. What he said was that, generally speaking, the policy of the present Ministry would be identical with that of the Hart Government, and he was justified in saying so as it regarded many of the subjects still before the House of Assembly; but the Blyth Ministry intended to introduce some impor tant changes in regard to financial and other matters. Then,"again, he stated, or intended to have said, that the country would have to decide as to whether- J the action taken by Mr. Boucaut and Mr. Hughes was approved of, and if he used the name of the Hon. Mr. Ayers instead of that of Mr. Hughes it was simply a mistake. He was surprised to hear the Hon. Mr. Ayers refer to him in a manner as though he represented the members of the present Ministry as being immaculate, and that the course ~ taken in advising a dissolution i they had taken in advising a dissolution was likely to bring about a large amount of mischief. The hon. gentleman had advised that the Ministry should have resigned, hut they knew that the hon. gentleman himself did not abandon the attempt to foima new Ministry till he had exhausted every possible combination. (The Hon. H. Ayers— " No. no.) Well, that was his opinion, and it was supported by the hon. gentleman's own words. He said he had exhausted every combination to form a strong Ministry, and had not succeeded. Such being the case, therefore, what other course could be pureued than to advise a dissolution ? The hon. gentleman talked about the Government having lived upon the Land Bill, and upon what would have been the result if it was out of the way, but the hon. gentleman was desirous that the bill should be dropped, or he was very much maligned out of doors. If he disputed that, how could he reconcile hiB: action with respect to his willingness to join the Blyth. Ministry ? The arrangements of the hon. gentleman to form a Ministry failed only because Mr. Hay would not agree to its being dropped. (Mr. Ayers —"Utterly untrue.'") He was justified in saying what he had upon the authority of Mr. Blyth himself. The hon. gentleman was willing to take one of the members of the Hart Ministry into his own; but after exhausting every expedient to form a new Ministry and failing, it was difficult to un derstand why he was'so strongly opposed to the present Government. (Mr. Ayers—"Why not?") Why not? Because of its inconsistency. He must either have supported the policy of the Hart Ministry or opposed it: but by first taking Mr. Boucaut into his confidence, and then Mr. Blyth, he showed plainly enough that he was prepared to do either, as might suit his purpose. As to what had been said about this being a question whether himself or the Hon: Mr. Ayers was to be Chief Secretary, it was all moonshine. It was said by the hon. gentleman that he bad talked as though he considered himself indispensable, but he bad yet to learn that be had even assumed a tone in that Council- which would justify such a supposition. No hon. member knew more of his imperfections than himself, and no one knew more than He did how frequently he was indebted to the indulgence of the Council, He was thankful for that indulgence, and believed there were many other members better able than himself to carry on the business of the Government. The contrary supposition was a conclusion he had never arrived at, and he hoped he never would. The Hon. Mr. Storrie had said that Mr. Boucaut declined to form a Ministry because of the condition imposed upon him that he was to be the Premier, but the person who undertook to form a new Ministry had always been considered as the Premier since they had responsible government. (Mr. Ayers— "Contrary to theory and practice.") There was nothing to justify Mr. Boucaut in his conclusion that be could not be tbe Premier. He was hound, in justice to himself and to the House of Assembly, to accept the position which the action- taken by him necessarily imposed upon him. He should., have been prepared to take the consequences of hisJj own act. When he was sent for by the Governor it was absurd in him to screen himself by the posi tion he assumed. After ascertaining that tbe Hon. Mr. Ayers would not accept the office of Chief Secretary without being also the Premier, he should nave tried some other member, and that might have prevented another vote of a want of confidence in the Ministry. The hon. gentleman said he was prophetic. He ventured to be so on this occasion, and he thought if the hon. gentleman declined to take office unless he was Premier, it would be a long time before he got into office again. (The Hon. H. Ayers—"Hear, hear.) He understood from the Hon. Mr. Santo that Mr. Hughes had arranged for a Government, and seeing that he was so well informed, it gave a little force to the opinion held out of doors that the Hon. Mr, Santo was to be Chief Secretary. (A laugh.) If such had been the case, he should have been very glad to have given him all the support he possibly could. He aid not doubt but what Mr. Hughes could have formed a Ministry, but it came back to the original proposition—could he have formed a Ministry which would have had the con fidence of the Assembly ? He said unmistakably no; and he would go further, and say he did not believe any member of the Council believed it. Under these circumstances the Government had taken the proper constitutional course, and such as the facte of the case amply justified. The motion was negatived. PAPER. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Milne) laid* on tbe table Customs Returns for the quarter ending September 31. PRECEDENCY BILL. Second reading. The Hon. W. MORGAN moved the second reading of this Bill. He said tbe preamble would explain the objects of this Bill, as it set- forth as there was no State aid to religion in tbe colony, and no recognition of it in tbeir laws for years past, it was ju6t as well the ques tion should be set at rest at once. He had the greatest possible respect for the Lord Bishop of Adelaide ar.d the Roman Catholic Bishop, both for their office and their persons, and he wished it to be distinctly understood that in moving the Eecond reading he intended no disrespect towards them, but merely wished that all denomi nations should be placed on the same footing. Tbe motion was carried, and the Bill read a second time. In Committee. The Bill was carried through Committee with a verbal amendment, the report was agreed to, and 1 the third reading fixed for next day. • WASTE LANDS ALIENATION BILL. The CHIEF SECBETABY .(Hon. W. Milne) moved that Order of the Day No. 2 be read and discharged, and made an Order for the next day. The Hon. H. AYEBS asked if the Chief Secretary really meant to go on with the Bill the next day. Be had put it off so often without any serious intention, so far as he had heard, that it rather strengthened the belief he had expressed that the Government meant to live in the Land Bill. - The CHIEF - SECRET AHY (Hon. W. Milne) said the hon. gentleman had no right to assume that tone. He' knew very well that he was quite prepared to go on with it on Tuesday—(The Hon. B. Ayers—"No")-but wished to take the feeling of the Council, and every hon. gentleman desired . that it should be postponed, and the hon. gentle man joined in the wish that was expressed. The Bon. H. AYEBS begged to state that he did nothing of the sort, and the report of his speech would justify that. The motion was carried. WlilTS OF ELECTION BILL. In Committee. Clause 1. Provision when vacancy happens, and Parliament not in session. The Bon. W. MOBGAN pointed ont that the original Bill provided lor the President of the Legislative -Conncil issuing trrits in the event of vacancies occurring. in the same way as the Speaker of the House of Assembly, bnt the Assembly struck ,that out, leaving the Council to deal with the matter as they thought fit. He,moved that the "Legislative Council or" be inserted in the first line, and if hon. gentlemen consented to that, they would admit the principle that the Jbili should affect members of tne Council the same as members of the other BonEe. The amendment was carried, and the clause passed as amended. The remainder of the Bill was amended in accor dance with this alteration. The Honse resumed, the report was agreed to, and the third reading made an Order for next day. The Council adjourned at 10 minutes past 4 o'clock till next day'at 2. 