LITERATUBE. Magazines for March. THE CoiixiriLL opens with Herve Riel, a poem t Robert Browning, which, like most of Mr. Brow: ing's poems, displays much power of original thinl ing, and a knack of rhyming indicative of the bard mastery of his art. The poot received £100 for h production, and gave it to tho fund for tho relief < sufferers by the war., This circumstance alone woul bo sufficient to render criticism lenient ; but sue leniency is not needed in the present instance, as th poom is essentially excellent. It tells how Horv Riel, a simple Breton sailor, who had beon presse by Tourville into the service of his country, savei the French fleet from destruction by his skill ii what way be termed topographical seamanship. O'er the Boa and at tho Haguo, sixteen hundred ninety-two, Did tiie English fight tho French-woo to Franco ! And the thirty-first of May, holter-skolter through the bluo, LÍko a crowd nf frightened porpoises a shoal of sharks pursui Came crowding ship on ship to St. Malo on tho fiance, With tho English lleet in view. 'Twas tho squadron that escaped, with the victor in full chasi First and foremost of tho drovo, in his great' ship Damfn villo ; Closo on him fled great and small, Twenty-two good ships in all ; ' And thoy signallod to the placo, Help tho winners ot a race 1 Got us guidanco, elvo us harhour, tako us quick-or quickc still Hero's tho English can and will. Thon tho pilots of tho place pat out brisk and leapt on board " Why what hopo or chance havo ships like these to pass S laughed thoy ; "Bocks to starboard, rocks to port, all tho passago scarred ; Shall tho Formidable hero, with her twelvo and eighty gun! Think to mako tho river mouth by tho singlo narrow way, Trust to enter whoro 'tis ticklish for to ontor for a craft c twenty tons ; And with flow at full beside? Now 'tis slackest obb of tide. Keach tho mooring ? rather say, "While rock stands, or water runs, Kot a ship will leave tho bay 1" A council was called, and it was agreed that rathe: than the English should lead tho French fleet ii tow into Plymouth Sound, each captain should rm his vessel on shore, blow her up, and burn her. Ii this emergency Hervo Riel presents himself. And "what mockory, or what malice havo wo hero?"'erie Hervo Kiel : / "Aro you mad, you Malouins? . Aro you cowards, fools, o: rogues : Talk to mo of rocks and shoals, me who took tho sounding tell, On my lingers every bank, evory shallow, every swoll, 'Twixt tho offing hero and Uro vu whero tho river disom bogues ? Aro you bought by English gold ? Is it love tho lying's for ? Morn and eve, night and day, How I piloted your bay, Entered free and anchord'd fast at tho foot of Solidor. Burn the lleet and ruin Franco ? That were worse than flftj Hogues." Sirs, thoy know I speak tho truth ! Sirs, beliovo mo, thcro't . a way, Only let mo lead the lino, Havo the biggest ship to stoor. They yield him tho command, and ask him to save the squadron, and Boon 'Tho peril, BOO, ls past, .All aro harboured to the last, .And just as Herve Kiel hollas "Anchor 1" suro as fato, VDp tho English come, too late. 'They wish to reward him, and the captain says t< &im;, in tones of gratitude and admiration : " Ask t< ¡heart's content and havo." But tho bravo Brotoi isailor was not to be rewarded with money, so Then a beam of fun outbrako On tho boarded mouth that spako, As tho honest heart laughed through Those frank oyes of Breton bluo ; Since I uoeds must say my say, Slnco on board the duty's done, And from Malo Roads to Croisio Point, what is it but fl run? Slnco 'tis ask and havo I may ¿Since tho others go ashore 'Como.' a good old holiday I Xeave to go and seo my wlfo whom I call tho Bollo Auroro I That ho asked, that ho got, nothing moro. Two hundred years after the performance of the deed, the English bard chronicles the hero's fame, although ungrateful France has presorved no record of it. Kamo and deed alike aro lost ; Kot a pillar nor a post In his crolsie keeps alivo tho feat as it bofol ; Kot a head in white or black, On a single fishing smack, In memory of tho man, but for whom hart gono to wrack, All thut Franco saved from tho light whence England boro the bell. Co to Paris ; rank on rank Sourch tho heroes hung poll moll, On tho Louvro faco aud flank ; You shall look long enough oro you como to Horvo Rial, flo for hotter and for worso, Horvo Riol accept my vorso ! Sn my vorso, Horvo Riol, do thou once moro, Savo tho squadron, honour Franco, lovo thy wife, tho Bollo Auroro Daniel Defoe and Nathaniel Hawthorne are excel lent papers, presenting a shai'p, cleanly cut outline of tho main features in the characters ot' each. After showing that the descent from Dofoo'B great romance of Robinson Crusoe to the oppressive .atmosphere of his minor novels, is great indeed, the writer says that " love, in the highest meaning of tho-word, waB unknown to Defoe, and is not therefore pourtrayed in his novels. Ho wrote only of what he knew, and of this he knew nothing. His women aro without grace, without purity, without dignity, thoy aro even without passion ; and when led astray aro not influenced by their affections, but by a love of greed. Their aims aro merecnary, their manners loose, thoir language common-place ; they aro are wholly desti tute of Bontiment and of the charm of poetry. But thoy act and spoult lik6 living beings, instead of moving liko puppets. The truth of tho likenesses reconciles us to their coarseness.How clear-sighted this man was, what abundant energy he possessed, how willingly ho sacrificed private émolument for the public good, with what cheerful ness ho turned tho moBt adverse circumstances to practical account, how strong ho was in the invin cible ardour of an heroic soul ! Forget the six fatal letters and you will acknowledge that a braver and nobler specimen of English manhood never walked this island ; remembering them sorrowfully ns yon needs must, and whilo perplexed at tho unrighteous conduct of a righteous man, you are content to con fess you do not understand tho inconsistency, and to accept as compensation tho virtuos of a lifo." Speaking of Hawthorno's appreciation of tho humor ous, tho writor avers that he had seen him " marvel lously moved to fun, and no man laughod moro heartily in his way over a good story. Wiso and ?¿witty Professor Holmes always had tho talismanic faculty of breaking up that thoughtfully sad face into mirthful waves ; arid I remember how Haw thorne writhed with hilarious delight over Professor Lowell's account of a butcher, who remarked that Ü Idees had got afloat in tho public mind with respect to saasingers.' 1 once told him of a young woman who brought in a manuscript and said, as she placed it in my hands, ' I don't know what to do with myself sometimes, I'm so filled with mammoth thoughts.' A series of convulsivo efforts to suppress explosivo laughtor followed, which I remember to this day." Our readers ought to peruse both these papers. " Christian names in England and Wales," " National Education in India," " Lord Kilgobbin," the " Lady Iaabolla," and tho "Adventures of Marry Richmond," completo tho number, and uro all worth reading. MACMILLAN'S MAGAZINE has various thoughtful papers this month. The oponing article b3r the Rov. Canon Kingsley will be extensively read and dooply pondered on by a large section of thinkers. Tho rev. writer avows himself an orthodox priest of the Church of England, and ho views tho progress of science from the standpoint of Church of England orthodoxy. Tho article is elaborate, and takes up a variety of debateable points on which opinions differ as widely as possible. Tho tono and stylo of it may be judged of by the following extract : "For nothing ia more clear-nay is it not urged again and again as a blot on Scripture?-that it reveals a God not morely of love but of sternness a God in whoso eyes physical pain is not tho worst of ovils, nor animal lifo (too often miscalled human life) the most precious of objects ; a God who destroys when it seems fit to Him, and that whole sale, and seemingly without either pity or discrimi nation, mau, woman, and child, visiting the sins of the fathers on tho children, making the land empty and bare, and destroying from off it man and beast ? This is the God of the Old Testament. And if any say (as is too ofton rashly said) this is not the God ol tho New, I answer, but have you Tead your Now Testament ? Havo you read tho latter chapters of St. Matthew ? Have you read tho opening of tho Epistlo to tho Romans ? Havo you read tho Book of Revelations ? If so, will you say that the God of the Now Testament is, compared with tho God of tho Old, less awful, loss destructivo, and therefore less like the Being-granting always that there is such a Being- who presides over Nature and her destructive powers ? It is an awful problem. But the writers of tho Biblo have faced it vuliantly. Physical science is facing it valiantly now. There fore, natural'theology may face it likewise." But the Canon forgets, or rathor ignores the fact' that science is gradually romoving tho causes of the plague?, pestilnnces, and famines which wera for merly attributed to the direct action of the Almighty. If Heavon sends the cholera, or fever, or small-pox, or any other of tho ills to which flesh is heir, to sweep off men, women, and children in one indis criminate ruin, surely man cannot arrest His pur pose, or stay His hand ? The fact that men do thus stay what would otherwise entail destruction on mankind is a proof that the theology which attri butes the natural evils of life to the action of Deity must be radically bad. In addition to the Canon's paper, Macmillan's contains "Tho United States of Europe," "Education of Engineers," "England's Defence against Herself," "Father Hyacinthe," and " Patty," chapters from ll to 17, all of which are worth reading. GOOD WORDS FOR THE YOUNG has several excel lent stories, amongst which the " The Poacher's Ferret," and " Lady Barker's Adventures," are the most noticeable. Our adventuress gives us a vivid word picture in the following:-"A river steamboat on the day of the Oxford and Cambridge boatrace will perhaps give you an idea of the crowd which was wedged amid boxes, mail bags, live- stock, Arab and French soldiers on board that boat. Our first mutual consolation was, ' Oh, it will only last for a few minutes. We shall reach the Peri directly.' But we had not allowed for the slow progress which so deeply- laden a vessel must make through the water; and eight bells (twelve o'clock) was just ringing out from the Peri's deck as we bubbled and frothed up to her huge sides. I felt so sorry for the poor little children, they were all so sleepy and tired ; and it must have been wretched for them to be handed from one place to another at midnight. If you had been there, you never would have for gotten the noise and confusion attending the trans fer of ourselves and our belongings from the Firefly to the Peri. No words of mine can give you any idea of it. The Arabs make a frightful jabbering about everything, so you may imagine how they chattered and screamed on a great occasion like the present. Then, two hundred passengers do not easily settle down in a new ship without some noise attending their movements. The coal barges were in the act of leaving the vessel as we approached, and their crews were yelling adieux and reproaches at the pitch of their voices. I wonder we did not tumble into the water, for we were all driven over a narrow, unsteady bridge, like a flock of sheep. I know that I seized the boatswain's extended hand, and clasped it firmly until I felt myself safe on board the good ship Peri. The noise did not seem to diminish, even after we had been bundled down into the saloon. ' Which is my cabin ?' ' Where is No. 44?' ' There is somebody in No. 13 !' ' Stew ard !' ' Stewardess !' ' Where is the purser ?' ' Where is the captain ?' These are only a few of the questions shrieked out amid the uproar. The stewardesses, two in number, were nowhere to be found until the middle of the next day, and it was currently reported they had gone to bed a little tipsy. The captain was said to have retired to his cabin with a bad toothache, and I forget what excuse was made for the purser's absence. I can only remember seeing one steward amid the crowd of despairing and excited passengers. The poor man looked as pale as a ghost, and quite bewildered, with his hair all standing straight out on end. Whether this was caused by horror at the situation in which he found himself, or by the furious ladies' maids tugging at his scanty locks to get him to attend to their requests, I know not." LONDON SOCIETY has a considerable number of pleasant articles, some of which tell wholesome truths with unusual vigour. The following ought to be interlarded with a few of the stock phrases of a pseudo-educational officialism, such as "moral tone," and " penetrative force," &c;, to render it palatable to the education-mongers of our time. It teaches a great truth. " You give children exactly that sort of knowledge which is of little or no use to them. They learn like parrots, and repeat their lessons with just as much effect. When they go out into the world then their real schooling begins. In nine cases out of ten the education they have received is thrown aside as useless rubbish. Though they have learnt the use of the globes, geography, and many other ' graphics,' and could find their way to Tim buctoo without the aid of a single finger-post, they don't know how to find their way honestly to the end of the passing year; they have no more brains than a blackbeetle, no more conscience than a turn pike gate. I have known others, who have been quite ignorant of your educational process, who have grown up into honest men or women, happy them selves, and the cause of happiness in others. They have had the advantage of a good moral training, such as your national establishments have hitherto never attompted to give." From the Flaneur, by Mr. Yates, we quote an appreciative opinion of the Future of London, entertained by a French gentleman, who believed that the Great War, as somebody called it, would in future be the haunt of Continental pleasure-seekers. "London,', said he, "is by no means merely a dirty, smoky city, the emporium of commerce that it loved to proclaim itself years ago, any more than the English people remain the nation of shopkeepers they were in Napoleon the First's time. The shop- keeper's have become pillars of commerce, who have gone into Parliament and the Peerage, where they are spending the fortunes which their fathers made. And the town has risen from squat habitations of hideous brick into stone, stucco, and amalgam of various orders of architecture. On the whole, Regent-street and Pall Mall, taken for all in all, are the finest streets in the world ; and you have now the Thames Embankment, which merely wants to be taken in hand by some one with a little artistic taste to be rendered a most charming promenade. Your Metropolitan Railway is a convenience such as in Paris we never had and probably never shall have. Your parks, from the great gaunt arid deserts which I recollect them when I first came over here, have become beautiful gardens, tastefully laid out, and carefully tended, not as was our Bois, in a suburb, but scattered here and there in the very midst of the population. As to amusements, though you have no actors, and no dramatic authors, and though your plays, with the exception of what you call 'bur lesque,' which is something too horrible to mention, are all stolen from us, yet you have in London some times two, always one, Italian Opera, housed, pro duced, and executed in a manner infinitely superior to anything we have ever attempted for it. What more is wanted for the social success of the place ? Is it freedom of manners and conversation ? My experience tells me that, in the highest youthful circles of England at present, the manners and con versation are quite as free as they were in the last days of our last Empire. In extravagance, in dress, and license of flirtation, your grandes dames could well compete with ours ; while your ' swells,' though a little heavier and more solemn, are better dressed and quite as inane as the petits creves of the Jockey Club. Your International Exhibition of 1871 and your Albert Hull open at a most critical and most capital time. Paris, as it is, is humbled in the dust, and as a natural consequence will be spurned by the pleasure-seekers. Where will they go ? To Berlin ? -never !-unless-and my friend, who is a curious mixture of the patriot and the citizen of the world, hissed out between his teeth-Unless in marching order. To "Vienna ? Impossible ! Where then, but to London ? ' The SCHOOL-BOARD CHRONICLE has reached its second number. It is a valuable periodical to educationists. ST. PAUL'S is as usual interesting. "Wilfred Cumbermede" continues to give some fine descrip tions of places and scenery. A native of Australia, accustomed to a genial atmosphere and sunny skies, can scarcely appreciate the truthfulness of the following little lyric ; but those who hail from Europe will have old memories brushed up by it. 'Twas in tho month of March, There were tassels on tho larch, And all the yietty birds were fain To pair, pair, pair. Tho lowly violet root, As wo trod it under foot, Protosted by a sweetness which Was rare, rare, rare. Tho loaves wore croodled up All about the buttercup, But tho little daisy winked with Ono oyo, eye, eyo. Tho creatures all deferred, Every ilower and every bird, To what tho sun was doing in Tho sky, sky, sky. Oomo out, como out, O sun 1 l'or tho Spring timo is begun, And wo'ro all of us one mind with Tho mouse, mouso, mouse. If wo can but got good weather, We'll bo jolly altogether. Por we'ro very tired of living in Tho houso, house, house. Had wo space, a number of other excellent serials would claim at our hands a passing notice. The Mystery at the South Pole. PROBABLY many readers of this journal who are acquainted with Edgar Allan Poe's wild fabio, "The Adventures of Captain Gordon Pym," will expect to find something hero equally sensational and equally untrue ; but, notwithstanding the heading, thoy will find themselves disappointed. The following sketch is founded on a subject lying within tho regions of geogra phy ; but whilo it does not entrench upon the fabulous, it certainly travels into tho mysterious. Heneo tho title. Some three or four year ago largo tracts of South America, together with the islands lying along its Pacific seaboard, were convulsed by a series of terrific upheavals of tho earth, accompanied by magnificent volcanic eruptions. Tho islands of Hawaii and Stewart were subject to similar, but, in the former caso, even grander phenomena ; and tho southernmost member of tho New Zealand group gavo birth to a volcano which has since beon more or less active. No doubt tho fore going facts aro familiar to most of us ; and not less familiar may bo tho story of tho oceanic disturbances which took placo about tho same time, and which extended to our shores in tho form of gigantic tidal waves. It may bo recollected, too, that shortly after wards sovoral distinguished savans-tho Rev. W. B. Clarke, I beliovo, being one-began to theorize as to tho cause or. causes of these awful physical manifesta tions, and that one conclusion was arrived at which appeared to givo general satisfaction to tho scientific mind. It was to tho effect that some stupendous theatre of action in the neighbourhood of the South Polo was tile oradlo of all tho phenomena under dues tion. This assumption received all the more weight from tho fact that tho Homo Admiralty had issued an order cautioning vessels while traversing certain meridians not to run South of a degree of latitude therein stated. Tho circular iu question had been evoked by the frequent reports, made by ships travol. ling to and from Australia, of tho unusual and increas" ing numbor of icebergs infesting specified areas of the South Seas, areas lying within the limits of tho old trading track. The bergs, according to thoso who fell iu with them, were baiug propelled by a stron» polar current to tho northward ; and it was reasonably presumed that thoy were from tho face of the Great Icy Barrier, discovered by Boss in 1841. However be that as it may, they wore certainly waifs from'tho mysterious Antarctic regions ; and thoy constituted strong arguments in favour of tho theory already men tioned as tho ono finally .adopted by tho scientific" mind. Assuming, then, that tho neighbourhood of the South Polo was tho nursery of tho terrible earthquakes and volcanic thunders of South America and tho Pacific tho question arises, "What do wo know of the South Pole -or rather of the area comprised in the Antarctic circle ? Vory little indeed-far less than we do of any other part of tho world. Tho Antarctic Continent that mysterious land of ico and fire, is the only terra, incognita left for tho curiosity of tho geographer and tho eiforts of the discoverer. The North-West Passago has been traversed ; the intorior of Africa has been forced to give up its secrets ; tho mystery of tho Nilo has been solved ; travellers havo crossed the Continent of Australia from end to end ; Hayes and others havo seen the open sea around the North Pole; but the lurid regions in the high latitudes of the Southern hemisphere still remain almost unknown. There aro many reasons which could bo advanced in explanation of the past apathy displayed by tho geo graphical mind in reference to Antarctic discovery-an apathy which seems remarkable when set side by side with the spirit of enthusiasm displayed from the first over Arctic exploration. Most likely, however, it had its chief source in the discovery of the magnificent island that wo ourselves inhabit-a discovory certainly of sufficient magnitude to monopolize tho whole atten tion of those who wore interested at that time in the progress of antipodean revelations. Then the fact that tho Southern hemisphere is more oceanic than the Northorn, and consequently moro frigid, must have had some effect in abating the zeal at one time really displayed by geographers and navigators. Beferring to the discovery of Australia, and to the belief enter tained for many years subsequently that it was the only very extensive tract of land lying, in its entirety, South of the equator, it may be recollected that it was not beforo Captain Cook had arrived at some approxi mate impression of its dimensions that tho idea of a continent lying still further South began to gaia ground. Cook himself probably started it, for he was evidently disappointed with regard to tho sizo of Australia, and it is well known that he made a daring attempt to discover tho true Southern Continent by running straight away in tho direction of tho Pole. Ha failed in his object, not because his zeal flagged, but in consequence of the inferior character of his vessels and tho threatening aspect of winterly seas. The latitude attained by him was, however, far and away the highest that had been roached up to that dato ; he having. crossed tho parallel of 71° S. In tho course of this dangerous voyage ho saw sufficient to convince him that if a continent existed in thoso seas, it would bo most likely found in tho neighbourhood of ,tho Pole itself. After stating this in his journal, he added that it was his strong conviction that an extensive tract of land would be discovered by somo futuro navigator in the place indicated by him. Tho illustrious sailor was quite right. In due time the navigator arose, and tho Antarctic Continent was proved to be a geographical fact. No further attempt at South Polar exploration appears to have been made until tho year 1836, or thereabouts, when a daring seaman named Weddell started on his now celebrated voyage. His expedition consisted of two mere cockboats,-i.e., a small brig or brigantine, and a still smaller cutter. Nevertheless, with these frail vessels, badly equipped as they were, he succeeded in reaching the astonishingly high latitude of 74° S. (three degrees on the polar side of Cook's farthest), and would have followed up his advantage, if tho late ness of the season and tho exhausted state of his pro visions had not forced him to return. This was unfortunate, for there is every reason to believe that had he been able to continuo standing to the south ward, he would havo struck the Antarctic Continent at a point more favourable for its examination than the one where Boss reached it. Weddell was singularly fortunate, in respect to weather and seas, during the whole of his voyage. In fact, at his highest latitude, he reported an ocean almost free from ice, and a clear sky. The air, however, was intonsely cold. No dis covery of importance was mado by Weddell-a fow desolate islands and sundry vague appearances of lana being all that ho was able to add to the map. A short time after the return of his expedition, there appeared a now aspirant for the honours arising out of Antarctic explorations. This was Lieutenant Wilkes, nu American, who sailed South, and somowhero between tuo GOth and 70th degrees of latitude, coasted a wall of fog under tho impression that it was good sound ierra firma. Elated with his discovery, he returned home, and sot tho geographical mind agog with tho nows that ho had seen a portion of tho great Continent itself. B'S mistake was soon dispelled by Ross, who veiy com fortably sailed over the sito of the Lieutenant's mirage. To Sir James Clark Ross, and his gallant colleague Cap . tainCrozier, of mournful memory, and to thoso illustrious mon alono, wo aro indebted for the discovery of tao mysterious "Whito South Laud." Thoy and their crews wore doubtlessly tho first human beings that hau ever looked at it, and no ono has seen it since, ihn» magnificent Etna on a colossal scale, Mount Melbourne, may now, like its royal neighbour, Erobus, bo tno theatre of perpetual firo and thunder ; thoso spectral peaks on tho confines of the world, tho Parry Moun tains, may bo sending forth continually a pomp ot flamo grander than'even that of tho Andes; but no keels since thoso of the Erebus and Terror haye ploughed tho lurid neighbouring seas. Possibly, thougn, in a few yoars somo daring spirit, with a passion for dis covery, will succeed, not only in reaching those aw insniring volcanic regions but in landing on them. Tho highest latitude attained by Ross was 78° 10' ». This was during his second voyage, but he hadp viously almost equalled tho feat by reaching parallel of 78° 4' S., four degrees four minutes higner than Weddell's farthest. On both occasions aa further progress to the Polo was stayed by Tovte Barrier, a perpendicular wall of ice averaging l«w « in height and perfectly smooth and fiat on the « J Ross coasted this singular continental glacier i upwards of 400 miles, but, finding that it. began w trend to tho northward of east, ho had to give up j» further exploration. It was his impression that u outer part did not rest on land ; nor was there anj appearanco in thc horizon to show him that thero lund at all under it. Certainly ho saw two or tn u vaguely defined ridges at a great distance ; but, nov e gravo doubts as to their real charaoter, ho niarM. thom as "appearances of land" only. , . Granting that Ross was right in his remarks, rt « very reasonable to suppose that the unusual oxo of icebergs from the Antarctic Seas, referred to m » former part of this paper, was brought about by so violent disruption of the Great Barrier. Such disrup tion would most likely haye its origin in subterranean disorganization, accompanied by terrific voloanio action on tho adjacent continent. Tho epithet " terrific " is usod advisedly, because it must be clear to most thinkers that nothing less than a physical manifesta tion of Titanic character could have boen contemporary with forces powerful enough to break up the groat glacier, and propol its fragments at a fearful speed to tho far off temporate zones. At all events this, I believe, is the opinion of the savans, an opinion likely to be endorsed by all who havo devoted thought to tho subject. Timo, however, will show whether it is right or wrong. Tho Antarctic Continent, or that portion of it named Victoria Land, was discovered and coasted by Boss to a point where ho was obstructed by tho Great Barrier. Here the coast appeared to run away to the South, its background being formed by a stupendous ridge of mountains lying in or about the seventy- ninth degree of latitude. This range, tho most southern of all Known lands, he named after Sir Edward Parry. A little further to the North he foll in with the Prince Albert Mountains, containing several peaks of Andean proportions. Indeed, to quote'alraost literally his own words, the whole of this magnificent volcanic country is a structure of mountains. Of course, Uko all other lands on the polar side of 60° S., it is utterly destitute of animal and vegetable lifo ; and the cold iu its neighbourhood is most intenso. Boss was not abie to effect a landing on it ; but after running considerable risk he succeeded in getting a footing on an island in its immediate neighbourhood. This ho christened Franklin Island, in compliment to the late Sir John Franklin, then Governor of Van Diemen's Land. Probably the grandest feature of Victoria Land seen by Boss was Mount Erebus, an active volcano rising 12,400 feet above the sea-lovel. Some of its eruptions witnessed by tho voyagers, especially those that took place at night, were on a most colossal scalo. Not far from Erebus there is an extinct volcano very little interior in height ; and to this giant Boss gavo the name, " Mount Terror." Tho lines of coast marked on tho map Sabrina Land and Adelie Land respectively, are most likely continua tions of Victoria Land, and parts of tho great Antarctic Continont. As to the entire dimensions of tho latter, geographers at present aro not in a position to speak. Lieutenant Maury, however, in his "Physical Geo graphy of tho Sea," has a pertinent chapter on the subject, in which ho gives the area, in square miles, of the unexplored South Polar regions, showing that it considerably exceeds the space occupied by Europe. Assuming that Victoria Land, Adelie Land, and Sabrina Land, aro all portions of one continuous sea board, therejis every reason to believe that the Antarctic Continent is very little inferior to Africa in sizo. Bo that as it may, tho author referred to falls in with the popular scientific impression that, as there is a prepon derance of water in tho immediate vicinity of the North Pole, so, by way of counterbalance, there should be a preponderance of land in the immediate vicinity of the South Pole. Tho hypothesis may be in fault, but all that has been soon tends to confirm it. In threo or four years from this date it is very probable that wo shall have a solution of the question- it having been announced in tho home prints that the English and Austrian Governments are fitting out expeditions for tho Arctic and Antarctic regions, with a view to observations of Venus during her approaching transit. "We may at all events rest assured that Professor Neumayer, tho intended scientific head of tho Austrian South Polar expedition, will do his utmost in the interests of geography. During his residonco in Melbourne, the unravelling of tho Antarctic mystery was always an object of his ambition ; and it is not likely that when he gets the chance he will let it slip through his fingers. H. K. Sydney, May 15. 