Queensland. j [FIIOM OUR COIU'ESI'ONDXNT ] j Brisbane, 18ih August. | AT half-past 3 p.m. on Saturday, the 12ih inst, I booming of tho guus of th« Queen's 1'urlc batte announced to the inhabitants ot Br shane, the uni of I be new Governor, the Marquis of Normanby I late Excellency Sir Maur co O'Connell, with La O'Connell, and the memWrs of the Ministry, li received him in the bay from on board H.M.fi. Cl and conveyed him to town in the Govornme steamer Kufe. The Marchioness waa unfortunate prevented from accompanying him, through t occurrence of HU accident on tba previous "Wedni day. I hrough a lurch of the nhip during a ga she was violently thrown from her oerth, a .severely wounded about the head and face ; h arrival was therefore necessarily postponed. J he official binding of the Marquis took place a temporary staging in the Government Gardai from which, passing under a triumphal arch, t cortege proceeded up the itreet ndjoining tho gu dena, and into the Government Domain, over tl entrances to which another arch was erected, bearii the words in letters of flowers, " Welcome Queensland ;" these arches with a few floral festou over Government-house comprised the whole of t official decorations. Shortly after tho entrance of t cortego, anothor salute from the battery announc tho completion of the oaths of ollie which were administered to his Excellency by ti Chief Justice and pnisine Judges of the Supren Court. About, ó p.m. the party ro-ombarked ( board the Kate, und sailed for {he bay to rejoin tl Marchioness. Next day the Marquis and Ma chioness arrived privately in town, and took i their residence in Government-houso. Owing to s unfortunate misunderstanding with the Governmei the Corporation declined taking part in the reutptic of his Excellency, and in this they wore supporte by the citizens. With ono or two exceptions, all tl plucea of business remained open, and the crow which assembled to witness the landing was, then fore, extremely small Cheers for tho Governor, .m groans for the Ministry, were, however, niven to tl: best of their ability. Tho noxt Thursday, bein appointed for tho first le voe, was tidoptnd by tr. Corporation as tho day of their demonstration. J WUK observed by tho citizens as a oloae holiday except in the Government offices, in which tho clerli .wore only permitted sufficient timo to attend th levee. The city was gaily decorated with flags, am <a procession of the various societies and trade followod by the Corporation and citizens, marcho four deep through the principal streets. Biinnei wore flying, and banda playing; and, except tha instead of the regular tread which ought to hnv characterized such a march, there appeared an iutei minable jumblo of legs and arms, nil movie independently of the others, tho display was highl creditable. An idea may be gained by the lengt of the procession, from the fact that tho pipers at on one and a brass band at tho other were play in ditforont airs at tho sa-re time, without inflicting tl slightest inconvenience upon the murchnrs. Abut i.2 noon the entry to tee Govern ont domain w< ma,'le, a promiscuous multitude following. Sundi addresses expressing loyalty to tho Queen, au welcome to His Excellency, were presented, an BU tnblo onawers returned, afi or which the procossic and crowd (as manv as could find room) adjourn« to tho Town Hull and feasted and drank to th honour of the occasion With the except/on of a few very slight ahowei which fell on Thurday the weather on both days of th celebration was unexceptionable, thus contributif an indispensable element to their success. Th happiness of the various actors was, therefore, o should have been, supreme. Whether to th other members of the community the weather afford equal cause for rejoicing is hardly so unquestionable In both tho agricultural and the pastoral district tho desire for a general rain prevails. During th< month a few casual showers havo fallon throughout th -colony, hut in no instance has the downfall beei sufficient for the requirements of tho country, li tho pastoral districts the drought has been especial! severo, and the evils attendîmes upon it, therefore ino it florioualy felt. In the const farming districts ospeoially about Brisbane, it hus been oftener br&kei; foy light rains. The orops, in consequence, generali; ïook well; but, as the ploughing season has nov coramencod, a more continuous su o ply of moisture is much desired. Still, though necessarily entailing many inconveniences, tho Jine weather has not beei without its advantages. It has rendored possibl what is seldom secured-tho safe harvesting of th cotton crop. The absolute dependence of thiB crof uipoa the condition of tho weatuor at picking t mi menders its cultivation oxcondingly precarious. No ra fow fortunes ombarkod in its cultivation havi "been loBt through unfavourable seaBons. I vs, therefore, at present almost entirely growi by small farmois, whose auxiliary cropi of other products, would render its loaf lesa ruinous. Tho old cotton plantations-in Ensl Moreton especially, where during tho high prices incident to tho Americun war it wus nttouiptcd to greduce tho cotton culture to a permanency-have boen .ahuost entirely converted into sugar estates. In .districts h-ss suitable to Bugar, as Weet Moreton, .whore hitherto so vero froBts have materially checked ats introduction, tho cotton crop is regarded with moro fawour. Tho hoavy profita gained from a (successful hurvost, ure found to lie sufficient to countervail the risk of a partiul, or entire 1OB3, ihrough tin unpropitious aeason. Hence this district at present, forms tho centre of tho cotton-groping industry, though a considerable quantity is also grown in other localities. Prom 1st January to 31st July, inclusive, the clean cotton shipped nt tho port of Brisbane amounted to 5864 halos, containing collectively 1,706,200 lbs. Tnere aro now on bund, awaiting shipmont, fil8 bules, equal to 16o,4¡">0 lbs. These figured comprise both the Euat mid Weat üiíoreton crops, but these alone ; the quantity grown in ¿he other districts has not yet been mude public. If the beneficial effect of the absence of rain is lesa marked in the sugar than in the cotton harvest, it still Asista to some degree. Comhinod with tho frost, the drought hus hustenod tho maturation of the cane, and thus rendered crushing possiblo at an earlier poriod this season than usual. In nil tho sugar districts ifcuis has been commencud, and is pro gressing favourably, in those -ubject to frost prece dence being of oourse given to the damaged cune, tí prevent tho lusa attending a furthor decay. In the MnHmy district, whore frost ia unknown, tho average yield is expected to be unusually la ge this ! year. From one estate alone a return of over 400 tons is expected, and this estate is not the largest there. The soil and climate about Mackay are peculiarly I favourable to the cultivation of augur. As a conse ' quence of this, land is being daily taken up by intending planters, and sugar mills are steadily I multiplying. Of this year's crop, tho i-ugar which ; has ulready como down is fetching irom £34 to £37 a on for yellow counter, and from £27 to £30 for ration. With one r two slight variations, these prices also rulo in the other district-". ' A further development of this industry has taken place at Yengarie, Maryborough, whero a sugar refinery-the only one at present in the colony-is now in full operation. Two vacuum pans, for other owners, are also expected out shortly These, it is expected, will for some time amply supply the Queensland demand for white colonial sugar. As tho local market must eventually be exhausted, it is interesting to know the position merited by our Queensland sugar in the English market. To ascer tain this, one of our East Moreton planters, Mr. Coiin Munro, of Pisherfiold, a short time ago, sent home a sample of his own manufacture to a London broker. The sugar, which was the ordinary yellow counter, selling in Brisbane for £35 a ton, proved to be worth £34 at the Bame time in the English market. Calculating upon this price, it ia estimated that after deducting all expenses for freight, packing, &c;, the net balance left per ton will be £22 to £25 ; not an unpleasant prospect for our sugar-growers, when they have exhausted the colonial markets, That the value may be indisputably proved, however, a local gentleman engaged in the sugar trade has offered to send home, at his own expense, 101b samples from the various mills, to a sugar-refinery in Glasgow, and have them separately tested. Such an offer ought to bo widely accepted, as, with the exception of the information gained by M r. Munro's experiment, our growers are yet ontiroly ignorant of the value of their produce in the English market. There is certainly yet a wide fii ld of consumption, in Queensland and the other colonies, to ho exhausted before it is probable much trade will be done with England ; but the information to be gained will be of value notwith standing, and the cost of gaining it trifling. That sugar-growing is rapidly increasing in this colony is an unquestioned fact; testified alike by the land sales and thu importations of machiery from England and New South Wulca. A considerable quanti'y of sugar-plant was brought out by both the Ramsey and the Indus, lately arrived, and other ships now on their way ure suid to be similarly freighted. Importations to even a larger extent take place from Now South Walea ; while, at a local foundry, numbera of tho smaller mills are produced with boil ing pana of all dimensions. Many of our farmers whoso limited meana would preclude their investing in expenBive machinery, are thuB able, at the cost of a hundred or two hundred pounds, to procure a small steam or horse-mill with battery complete. They thus escape, not only the heavy chanre for crushing, but also tho risk,-imminent at times,-of losing their entire crop, or a considerable proportion of ita value, through the impossibility of obtaining the services of the mill nt the most suitable time for their cane. Besides crushing, the farmers are busy ploughing for cune, tobuueo, lucerno, oats, arrow root, &c; For the manufacture of the latter, our colony at present possesses only ono establishment of note, which is that of Messrs. S. and G. Grimes, at OxL.y Creek, near Brisbane. On thia farm the manufacture ia conducted by aid of a steam-mill, and the most improved appliances. They aro now in full work, turning out about 100 lbs daily. The total yield for the season is estimated to be 45,000 lbs, or at the rate of 2000 lbi per acre. From this manufactory nearly ull Queensland is supplied, and a considerable export trade done wi h tho other colonies. Arrowroot in smaller quantities is even produced on many of the other farms, but the principal crops cultivated aro sugar, cotton, corn, and tobacco. Among the farmers a healthy emula tion is maintained by means of the .? gricultural Soeietieo, of whiuh thero are several in existence. Thoso institutions hold perio ical exhibi tiona, ploughing matches, and meetings, at which the various interests connected with their calling are discussed. The peculiar knowlodgo of each member being thus contributed to a common stock, the inexperienced farmer is placed upon a footing which ho could not hope to attuin for years, if ever, by his own unaided efforts. Tho season for the annual exhibitions hns just passed. Several weeks ago Bust Moreton held herB, and since the date o¡ my last letter West Moreton and Wide Bay have followed in ¡ or wako. At each of the latter the exhibits were characteristic of the agricultural speciality of their district. West Moreton being the centre of the cotton culture, the principal display ut ita Bhaw WUB of cotton-for tho prize, which there wore fifty competitors. The other exhibits ranged from mtiizo nieal to foliage plants, with the gaudy accessories of .coloured woolskins, and the substantial ones of bacon and hams. At the Maryborough show, tho district of which Wide Bay is the most important i sugar-growing district in the colony, the cane of course preponderated. At noither of those exhibitions was the show of stock remarkable. Of quite a different charactor waa tho exhibition of the Royal Agricultural Sooiety nold at Too i woomba on the 8th instant. There the show of i Dtock so completely out weighed that of agricultural produce, as to render the title of the exhibition almost a misnomer. Though held in one of the best wheat-producing districts in the colony, only three exhibita of that cereal were diaplayed ; whilo the exhibition of flour, for the production of which tho Downs expect yet to rival Adelaide aud California, waa comprised in one specimen-maize, lucerno, and oaten hay ; all of which uro extensively cultivated in that dist: ict, were also poorly represented. Tho rouaon assigned for thia is, that tho primary object of the exhibition being _ " the improvement of live . stock, and the awarding of prizes for tho Burne," in choosing tho date the convenience of the squattera is principally consulted ; that of the farmer being regarded ns of aecondaty importance. Of the stock exhibited, sheep, as might have been expected from tho dis trict, occupied tuo moat pro-i inent position, though tho cuttle and horsea wore also tolerably woll repre sented. Both of tho latter, however, are regarded aa less suitable to tho Downs country than to tho coast ; in addition to which, those exhibited boro evidont witness, in their condition, to the o il results of tho present drought, and consequent scarcity of feed. The show nf sheep was rogiirded na one of tho finest ever held in Toowoomba ; besides which, it was remarkable for what is at present unfortunately a novelty-a display of combing wool. Owing to an opinion expressed by the London brokers, that Aus tralia wu8 not capable of producing this, its culture, until latelv, had hardly been attempted, the squatters preferring to hazardous experiments the tested and approved pure merino. Messrs. Bell, of Jimbour, and Clarke of Talgai, to both of which firms prizes were awarded for combiug-wool sheep, have grappled with and over thrown the prejud ce of tho brokers, and in the future this production may be expected to flourish in the Darling D.nvns. But not only in this has Mr. Clarke successfully broken through the routine of his profession, he has also tested the suitability to the colony of Angora goats, and apparently suc ceeded in his experiments. He is reported to have exhibited one pure-bred Angora, with four crosses from the common goat, in the first and second remove, the inforior blood waB plainly discernible ; but the two others were hardly distinguishable from the pure bred. The goats are said to require as little attention, and to be more remunerative than sheep. I know that not only on the Downs, but also in some instances about Brisbane, the question of the culture of Angora wool has been attracting some attention. Similar in character to the Toomoomba show was that held at Springsure on the 5th ultimo. It was tho seventh exhibition of tho Queensland Pastoral Society-an association which has been in existence for the last seven years, and of which the primary object is similar to that of the society at Toowoomba. Springsure is a small township 120 miles beyond Clermont, situated in the Comet district, which itself is a division of the Leichhardt. It is the centre of a country, entirely pastoral in character, the immense distance from the port and difficulty of communication precluding the possibility of suc cessful farming. Being also peculiarly adapted to sheep, those naturally constituted the oxhibits of the show. That a moro trustworthy estimate might be gained of their merits, the services of a paid judge from the Darling Downs wore secured. Tho decision of that gentleman was of a highly complimentary character. Ho stated that he could have seleoted sheep from thoso exhibited, that would have borne favourable comparison with the pens of any averago Toowoomba or Warwick show, and in this his testimony was supported by another Darling Downs squatter present. These Northern Do *na. about the Barcoo and Comet districts, are beginning to occupy a high position among the pastoral districts of Queensland. Sheep owners, with all their advantages, have to contend with many disadvantages peculiar t > thomselves not luusb among which are the depredations ol native dogs and sheep-stealers. As a corrective to tho former, a squatting member last session intro duced a Native Dogs Bill ; but it ia hardly probable, from its poculiar construction, that it will be revived thia seddon. Tho hitter, on the Darling Downs, will (ind rather u dangerous enemy in an association of fifteen squatters formed the other day. The object being to suppress sheep-stealing at any coat, tbe large reward of £200 ia offered for information that will lead to tho conviction of anyone stealing aheep from tho nina or paddock« of tho membora The application of a similar remedy ia aadly wanted in many other districts. Another enemy, to whioh I have already referred, is the drought. Reporta from D ilby 8tate that no rain of any moment hua fallen there for five months, and that a serious scarcity is beginning to be felt in both water and grass Bush fires are frequent, and during one series alone, over thirty aquare miles of graaa were conaumed. As a consequence, round the t - wn and on some of the stations the cattle und horses are perishing ; hundreds aro said to have already succumbed. " It is pitiable to seo some poor creatures in the bush dragging their limba along, hardly able to move,' ' says one correspondent. An exception to this general desolation is said to exist in the paddocks. Within those magic enclosures grass is abundunt, and tho larger squattera are, therefore, suffering little inconvenience. If no other reason could be advaneod in favour of fencing, its tendency to preserve the feed should be a potent one. In those inland districts the weather is reported cold, especially at night. Frosts are of conatunt occurrence. Large numbera of lambs of tho preaent season have consequently perished. The increase howo er, ia still up to the average, being from 90 to 95 per cent. Shearing is being busily proaecuted tnroughout the squatting districts. On Jimbour and Jondaryan-the two largest of the Downa atations it ia estimated t-at no fewer than 500,000 sheep will bo shorn before Christmas. The meat-proaerving industries are still in activo operation, and overy ship that leaves our ports ia hoavily f reighted with tho meat. It is rumoured that a new oatabliahment is about to be founded near Dalby, The aite ia Blax land^ boiling-down, which, though able to diapose of 12,000 sheep a week, ia compelled by the pro hibitory railway rates to remain idlo. Ita proprie tors havo, therefore, determined to chango its character, and under the auapices of the new indus try it may probably havo a more prosperous future. All round Dulby wallaby-hunting is still bei"g eagerly proaecuted. Dray loada of akin8 are con stantly arriving in town, and tho export is steadily growing. Condamine, following in the same line, has despatched her companies of trappers. There ajeras no roason why thia induatry ahould not bocoine permanont. Throughout the colony almoat the aupply of wallaby ia practically inexhaustible, and there appoars to be an unlimited market for the peltry. Tho price obtained-though not IGa a dozen, as you orroneoualy printed in my last letter is 6s, which ia conaidered amply remunerative. A cattle trade with New Caledonia hua been lately initiated. On the 20th July, 121 store cattlo, two horse3, and ten aheep, wore despatched from Glad stone by tho ship Guantanamo ; and Mr. Friend, tho Gladstone ugont, has boon instructed to prepare for another veeael daily expeoted. Every voBsel like the Guantanamo is said to have over £700 in tho port, to which advantage is to be added the d m.ind cre.Ved for hay, lucerne, maize, &o.; Tho romarka I have made about the Darling Downa cattle will apply generally to the cattle of the colony. All uro siiíloring from the o Hoc ts of the drought. But to thia common inconvenience some of tho squatters round Rockhampton have had added a spécial grievance of their own. Owing to the acarcity^ ol grass und want of nutriment in that which remains, aotno of tho herda have addicted . homsclves to satisfying their hungor upon the Ifoliage of the trees. As a consequence to this pro. naiscuous feeding, many cattle havo been poisoned. * At Deep Creek, seven miles from town, a Bettler Mr. Grant, lost twenty head in ono night. On examining the paunoh of one of them, it was found to contain the loaves of two kinds of uhrubs-one a kind of laurel ; the other, acacia-both of which abound in that locality. Thoy are believed to have beeu the cause of deatu. Considerable apprehenbioa is naturally felt in that district, and much anxiuty for a sufficiency of ruin to aturt the spring feed the countor attractions of which will prove the beat remedy lor the evil. On account of the great numbera of cattle which within the la-t two yeura, have been sent to the neighbouring colonies, a acarcity of eupply is now being felt, oapeciaily in the Southern markets. One atation agent is of opinion that this time next year extreme prices will reign. Thia probability, com bined with the demand created by meat-preserving, is doubtless the cause of the steady improvement that is taking plaoe in the demand for pastoral pro perties. For cattle-stations moderately stocked there is a preference ; but the tendenoy ia aho manifest to take up abandoned sheep and cattle runa. According to the station agent referred to above, " nearly 1000 runs have lately been forfeited, tho majority of which would return handsome profita with moderate capital and experience." It is unfortunate that, according to our preaent pastoral Act, none of tiesa forfeited stationa oan be obtained upon application; but must be formally announced in a saries of adver tisements, and put up to auction. Last sossion it was the desire of tho Miniatry, among other amend ments to the paatoral law, to relax these restrictions ; but the auapicion with which their bill was regarded will probably prevent ita revival even ahould they succeed in retaining office. From the mining districts the news continuos good. According to late reports, the gold sent off Gympie, in the month of July, amounted to 5078^- ozs. The gold from Ravenswood must have been almost the same, judging from the commiaaio-er'a last report. Between 16th May and 2/>th June, the gold sont away was 26,304 ozs, or about 1000 oza per week; and the average, ho believed, would bo greater in the future. As those are the principal reefing fields in the colony, they may be taken as fair representatives of the industry. Gympie, in point of population and wealth, is still very far in advance of her younger sister; but Ravonawood is steadily lessening the distance between them. The population of the latter is over 1200, and is rapidly increasing, though the new arrivals are said to hail principally from other parts of Queonalund. Now machinery ia reported to ha arriving on the field, the demand upon the present crushing milla being inconveniently great. Both here and at Gympie the question of utilizing tho iron pyrites ia attracting attention. At Ravenswood, where there is over 5000 tons of " tailiugs" ready, it has been proposed to intrcduce a largo set of concen trators. At Gympie, the Queensland Quartz- Crush ing Company " have despatched their manager, Mr. R. Laurie, for a tour to the various gold-fields of Victoria, to inapeot the beat mechanical appliances in uae there for anving and treating pyrites, with the view of introducing tho sumo on Gympie." On thia fiel deep sinking haa been introduced, and is now progressing favourably, owing to the fine weather- another benefit from the drought. The quartz, aa is generally the case, is found to be much richer at the low levels. At Ravenswood the enter prise of the deep-sinkers haa been met with a foolish cry against the leasing system Resolutions were passed for its abolition at a public meeting of 200, held about a couplo months ag :. Such a cry seems founded in absurdity. It is simply a demand that mining should be encouraged by depriving tho miner of the certainty of enjoying the fruita of his labours. To bottom the reef on Borne of thoae claims costs over £1500, a coat which no one could be expected to incur without the security of a leasehold. About the Gilbert and Cape, and the amaller Northern fields, both alluvial digging and reefing are progress ing favourably. Machinery ia being introduced, the exiating appliances being so incommonaurute with the demand as to render the coat of crushing almoat prohibiter. ; many of the reefers preferring to stack their quartz in hopes of better times. The Chinese influx still continues. On the Cape field alone, of a population of 850, over 600 are Chinese, t.nd their numbers are augmenting daily. The dry weather rendering prospecting difficult, a ne w plan, noticeable if only for its novelty, has been hit upon by an enterprising miner, at Imbil, in the Wide Bay diatrict. In new localities he shoots the wild turkeys frequenting the water courses and examines the gravel in their gizzards, trusting to their well known taate for anything shining. Ho has examined a large number, ur most of which he discovered the colour of gol!, aaa in one was rowardod with a small diamond. J he The originality of thia gentleman ia, I think, his principal claim to notice. At Calliope, near Glad stone, affairs are boginning to look much brighter than they havo done there for years. One of the directora of the Calliope Gold-mining Company, which is of Melbourne origin, since hia return to that capital atatoo that tho company's ahareB a" inquired for at a premium. Operatioua are expootod aoon to be launched on rather a large eenie. Another Melbourno gentleman for the last month or two hus been examining tho copper districts^ be tween Gympie and Clermont, with the view of bring ing them under the notice of Melbourne capitalists. His trouble I fanoy will not bo in vain. From what I can learn of the lode discovered between Gympis and Maryborough, the examination of the specimens has provedjso favourable, that thore is every proba bility of the discoverers shortly commencing work upon the spot. At Mount Perry, tho ore ia yielding 32 per cent, of pure copper. Mr. Vickery, one ef the directors, now on tho ground, ia prepared to mako arrangements for the fullest development of the mine. Another holder of land in tho neigh bourhood haa lately commenced Binking. Thia wm probably prove one of the richeat mineral districts in Queenalaud. Of a locality near Rockhampton, the B|lI¿e"? saya : " Kroombit, promiaea to become a second Pea* Drwns." At Oarr.iboo Creek, a few milea distant, Mo.-sra. Flannigan, the '.owners of a aectiou, nova sunk several shafts with highly successful "SultB. They have now about 350 tons on the gruea. *-a* ore, chiefly grey oxide, haa been teated, and mun to contain from 20 to 25 per cent, of metul. o°m of it runa as high us 80 per cont." A roverberatory copper-smelting furnaeo, capable of turning 0 hree tons of puro copper a doy, hua been built up B the wound. On Rainbow Creek, fifteen miles from Fknnigan's, another proprietary is erecting a fur nace and commencing mining operations. But gold and copper do not exhaust the mineral wealth of the colony. In the reefs of Ravenswood BO large a proportion of galena ia found that atten tion ia heing directed to ailver-miniag. A mining lease of eight aerea waa some time ago secured, from which a trial shipment of two and a-hulf tons waa sent for aaauy to England. Tho result showed 77 per cont, of lead, 7S ozs silver, and 1 oz 4 dwt of (Told to the ton. So satisfied is the present pro prietor that he intends immediately commencing- the mine in a proper manner. From another reef a trial shipment of ten tons ore has been despatched, but to far the result is not known. That vast und varied mineral deposita exist in many diatricta of the colony ia beyond question, and I am glad to aay that Btepaare now being taken to bring thom more promi nently before tho public. An embryo muaoum ia now in courao of formation, under the caro of Mr. Aplin late geological surveyor for the southern district. Two rooms in the Parliamentary buildings hnve been set apart for tho purpose, and contribu tions of fosaila and minerals from the various minimi districts have been procured. The museum will probably be open to tho public in a few weeks. Aa the same period will suffice to complete the elections, the opening of tho now Parliament cannot he much later. Judging from tho result of the past elections, the Govern ment seem almost certain to come in with a majority. Should this occur the liberals will in all likelihood be compelled to submit, as they could hardly depend upon tho people's support in a con tinuance of their obstruction. Though public sympathy, especially in the centres of population, remains on tte side of progress, the rabid excite ment which, during the crisis, characterized its expression, haa almoat entirely exhausted itself. Even in Briabane, howover, it never developed itself into such extreinitie8 as it (did in Warwick at the declaration ol the poll on the 2lat ultimo. During the day the ordinary electioneering excitement existed, but there was nothing to promise auch a climax to the proceedings as that which occurred. A mob of from 1800 to 2000 people, many of them from the surrounding districts, as8einbled at the huatinga. On declaring the reaulfc thc returning oflicer very foolishly igava precedence to tho name of Mr. Morgan, the defeated candidate, the gentlouian ropitiaonting the liberal interest. On hearing that he had secured 265 votes his supportera naturally concluded him tho victor, and gave expression to their feelings by prolonged cheer ing, his opponents interupting with yells and groans. On the declaration being made that Mr. Clarke hud scored 282, thus winning: by seventeen votes, the excitement waa increased. The groans and yells were repeated, the factions being reveraed. The sueceasiul candidate being absent, his brother, Mr. George darke, thanked tho electors on his behalf, and waa then chaired and carried en route for Bugden'a Hotel. "Thescene which then occurred," saya tho reporter, " baffled description, and waa a disgrace to a community professing Christianity." Mr. darke was torn from the shouidera of his sup porters, and with them waa severely maltreated. Others of the same party were knocked down und trampled upon One gentleman had his head laid open with a atone, after which ho was thrown down and kioked for some distance along the square before he was rescued. Two men were also thrown down and kicked and dragged till they were almost dead. Several others were wounded with stones ; one gentleman in the street, and a lady in a verandah, being rendered^enseleas by the blows. On all sides heads were split open by waddys and palinga, with which the mob had armed themselves. At 8.30 in the evening, an attack was made upon Bugden'a Hotel, and waa not repulsed until a gun, charged with shot, had been discharged four times among the crowd. Till ll o'clock the riot raged, and during ita continuance " it was not safe for a supporter of Mr. Clarke to be seen in the streets." As soon as the news reached Brisbane a detach ment of pol ce was sent up, but their presence was of course unnecessary aa the disturbances hud ceased. Several police court eases, springing from the riot, ?have been brought before the benoh, but in only one instance did a committal follow. Thia, I suppose, is principally attributable to the riot having occurred at night, and tho consequent difficulty of identification. At the other townB of the colony the electiona have boen lesa noteworthy. One statement however made by Mr. Bell, the Colonial Treasurer, at his election, rather startled .the public. On referring to the- agitation, easting in the North for oeparation, he 8tmled that when Parliament met it was their inten tion to meet thiB cry by ti proposal to change the capital' to a more central position. The question would i\e made a Ministerial on-, and shou d thuy succeed i.i carrying it, the principal ground of com plaint, the V considered, would be removed from the North, Th sir proposition would be for the Imperial Parliament to ' select disintereated gentlemen from the other colonies, whose duty it would be to examine into and report upon the moat suitable site lor the future capital. . Additional significance was given to this declaration by tho remarks of the Colonial oucretary at Rook bampton. Though averring that Mr. Bell had rather overstated the ouse he admitted that the question had been discussed in tho Ministry, and that a majority of it» .members had agreed upon its advisability. Shoulit. he aucceed in convincing the others, the question -would be brought forward ; oat, should it fail, he pledged himself to suppoit gration. Tho idea is not a novel ono, and has nB*8rcreated much anxiety in metropolitan circles. While in Rockhampton.. Mr. Palmer unfortunately attracted some attention, .for a lesa creditable reaaon 2rif£ *i mero emaciation of his policy. On the .¿nth ultimo he appeared b efore a crowded audience fluttering either from indisposition, or from souie TlnS iqually grievoua, tb 3 result of which was to a ri v.6 lea8l;Peculiar. Th« audience "booed" him, ?! he "hooed" the aua'ience, diversifying his « a remarks with copious vituperation, and winding in v.Japing upon the reporters' tablo and t .row ng himself among the crowd. Aa a conaequonce to °w, some outraged individuals laid an information gainBt him for uaing obscene language ; but the dmiui maSi8frate and tho clerk of petty sessions, "ouotiesa on the plea of the nrovorbial licenso of I« rt hme' refuse<l to entertain tho complaint, ren ?reaBnt Btato of the public mind, tho ocuur tnfvl ¿uoh au accident waa peculiarly unfortunate wine Bufferer; nnd from thp cap¡tai ;Qat has been mado of it, probably none regret it more than that gentleman himself. Ono of the questions which have attraoted most attention, especially in the Southern electorates, ia he Polynesian grievance. Thia question, indeed, from whatever side looked at, seems surrounded « ita grievances. Tho white labourers complain of tho iujtt ious competition they have to suffer in tho 1 ibour market. The philanthropists complain on behalf of tho Polynesians, und of tho outrage to the genius of British law, uadar which they consider they are introduced. That both have reason for complaint seems indisputable, the latter pei haps more than tho former. Some correspondence that appeared on tho 22nd ultimo, if trustworthy, and there apooara no reason to doubt it, revéala a state of affairs mort discreditable to all c.ncerribd. In several instances ¡blunders onga^ed in stations in the north, the mortgagees of which foreclosed before their term of services was expired, were sont adrift unpaid and hud the greatest diiliculty iu obtaining passage home. One batch of boya aro reported to have been disposed of by being sent to Rockhampton gaol. Many of these poor fellows hud worked their full time and were legally entitled to their wages and return passage, but the law Booms to have made no provision for them, in tho event of their employer's insolvency, or forfei ture of their stations or estates. Mr. Kelsey, lute of Bowen, who publishes the correspondence states that of 330 islardoru, introduced in 18G7, and whose agreement therefore expired last year, ho cati only trace thirty-nine aa having been aont buck direct. Some few of them, he believes, found their way coastwise to Sydney. " Most of theso 330 boys were introduced for atationa owned by or worked for Melbourne Sydney, or Brisbane firma." Tho heat corrective that can bs applied to such an evil io the complete prohibition of tho trade, and it ia aatisfuctory to know, that two of our prominent libérala have pledged themaolves to introduce, or support when intro meed, a bill for thia end in the incoming session. Tho manner in which recruiting ia con ducted haa long been a subject of suspicion. Of tho Jason, a Maryborough trader, some alleged dis closures were made of her voyage bef re la-t, which attracted considerable attention. This, however, was completely eclipsed by tho interest attaching to her last trip. On her arrival on the 13th July, tho rumour spread like wildfire through Maryb irough that the Government agent, Mr. Meiklejohn, waa reported insane, und hud been brought buck most of tho way in irons. The agent of the vessel at onco requested an inveatigatiou. A Government commis sion was accordingly appointed to tako evidenco upon tho matter. The captain, tho mate, a passenger who had accompanied the vessel, and two islauders were examined, and tho testimony of all waa to the effect that about a month before arrival tho Government ugent had become mad, and had from neoeaaity been placed under restraint. Mr. Meicklejohn, who had bj' this time recovered, peremptorily refu80d to attend tho commission or afford them any evidenco whatever. Previous to this, he had informed the police magistrate that his log, which the captain had handed to the latter, waa not the report he should give him, as. he had been compelled, with a loaded pistol at his head, to write the notes it contained. It does not appear that tho amended report waa ever furnished. Thia, combined with his extraordinary reticence, justifies us in discrediting his statement. The balance of testimony lies in favour of tho captain, and common justice demands that its benefit be accorded to him. Another phase of the Polynesian question was decided at t o police court, Brisbane, on tho 14th July. Seven publicans appeared, on summons, charged with selling drink to the islanders, and of thoso, six were convicted and fined. The lesson was much needed, and its fruits, I trust, will bo salutary. Numbera of those mon are about the town. In general thoy aro doclile, but tho danger consequent upon supplying them with drink, hus, on several occasions, been sufficiently denionatmted to render such repressive mensures an absolute necessity. The Gorman immigrant ship Shakespeare, in quarantine, for small-pox, when my last letter left, haB boen sinco rcolaaed, tho disease having entirely diaiippeared. CRUSHED TO DEATH IN A CATHEDRAL CLOCK.-The bell-ringer in the cathedral of Wurtzburg has perished under very singular circumstances. The church possesses a splendid clock, with ponderous and compli cated works, while a pendulum of proportionate length vibrates to and fro with a dull and monotonous thud. Recently the clock needed cleaning, and the riuger was deputed to superintend the work, though he ruefully endeavoured to ¡io excused from the task. It stemed that he never willingly approached the belfry from certain unpleasant associations. About twenty years ago lie killed his predecessor in office, accusing him of carrying on a criminal intrigue with his wife. When brought to trial ho escaped the gallows owing to a defiuionoy of legal proof. The patronage of one of the canons thou procured him the appointment vacant by the death of his victim. Hence, it is said, arose his superstitious dread in connection with the belfry, which was supposed by many to be haunted by the ghost of the murdered ringer. On the morning when the clock was to bo cleaned it sud denly stopped, and the bell-ringer was nowhere to bo found, xi. workman from the town was sent for, and ascended the tower, when ho was horrified to find the peadulum und lower works dripping with blood. Upon I searching further the body of tho boll-ringer was found entangled in tho works frightfully mangled andorushed. One supposition is that ho committed suicide by climb ing up the pendulum and then pitching himself into the machinery of the clock. But the wonder-loving gossips of the place, with a thoroughly German propensity for tho horrible, declare that tho guilty man, upon reach ing the gloomy chamber wherein _ tho works revolved, was horror-striken by the apparition of his predecessor sitting aside tho great balance-wheel of the clock and hud then been drawn into the works by a species of horrible fascination similar to that which the rattle snake is aaid to exorcise over its prey. There sat the spectre, rubbing MB gory hands with hideous glee as tho victim was slowly drawn in among the cog-wheels and ratchets of the machinery. Au agonizing yell, a crush of bones and all was still ! Such, according to tho Itulio, is tho newest legend of the belfry of Wurtzburg. INFANT LIFE.-Tho imnortimco of proper food for young children has occupied the attention of medical men for man/ yenrs and Or. narltur, tho woll-unown Loniion physician, has certified to tho great value of tho food prepared oy .Savory and H-iotc. the Chemists to tho Koyal .'1111111108 of fcuyhind, Franco, und Uelgium. Merit alone 1ms caused it to bu used in the royal mirarlos, mid thu puoliccan purchase it, with full directions, of any Chemist or Storekeeper, Lut bo sure that savory und Moore's names und address, 143, Now ßond street, uppenr on the labels.-Advt. 