SUNDAY- S C H O O L S. ; : The Bishop publishes, for the information, of clergymen, superintendents of Sunday-sshools, and others, the following Report of a committee of clergy and laymen, consisting of Sir W. F. Stawell, Revs. M. H. Becher, H. H. P. Handfield, G-. O. Vance, 'W. E. Morris, Esq., and E. D- Puckle, Esq., who, at his request, undertook to draw up a scheme by the adoption of which in every school the scholars might pass through 'a course of progressive religious instruction. Several clergymen have expressed their willingness to adopt the scheme which has been proposed by way of experiment, so that its suitableness may be practically tested. Kew, April i, 1871. . To the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Melbourne. ' May it please your Lordship— Your Lordship was pleased to request us to consider the subject of religious instruction in the Sunday schools of our church, and to report to you the result of our con siderations* We now beg to lay before your Lordship, as our report, a sckeme which we have constructed with the view of its being adopted in all our Sunday-schools, and in doing so we propose to accompany it with a few words that may explain its nature and object, and also justify the desire which we have expressed of obtaining for it general adoption. (The scheme will be found appended to this report.) ' Generally, we may say of our scheme that it embraces those sub jects which are actually taught in our Sunday-schools at the present time, All that we have tried to do is to arrange and combine them in an orderly programme. The importance of a good classification is well known to every one who has had experience in schools ; it can hardly be overrated. We have adopted, for the different divisions, the same, or nearly the same, standards of age as are appointed by the Board of Education, so that divisions A and B of the Sunday- school ? will correspond to classes I., II. of the week-day school. To cany out this system in Sunday-schools, it is obvious that a good supply of good teachers is needed. This want it is hoped will be in-time supplied, by persons who have gone through the schools as scholars, and been trained in the system. The divisions (E F G) below the line, are intended for scholars who are more advanced than the average of Sun day-school children. The last of them (G) we have added with a special view to the case of clergymen who desire to join to their schools a class for young persons after confirmation, or a Sunday even ing class for teachers, or for persons who, having left . school, still desire instruction. We venture to hope that we have thus succeeded in exhibiting at one view a course of instruction, commencing with the simplest elements of religious teaching, which, if followed out, will furnish the young Churchman with a good foundation of know ledge and belief as to all such ' things which a Christian ought to know and believe to his soul's health.' The subjects put down in our programme hardly need any explana tion. We have been mindful of the charge which is laid upon god fathers and godmothers in the Baptismal Office, and have given a prominent, place in our scheme to the Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the Ten Commandments, together with the Church Catechism. We have also suggested, as lessons to be learnt by heart, the hymns and canticles of the Prayer-book, as well as the collects. In the graduated course from Holy Scripture we have confined ourselves chiefly to the historical parts of the Old and New Testament, until we come to the highest division, when we have proposed the reading of the Pro phets, and of the Epistles. We hope that our suggestions for teaching doctrine will receive approval. It will be observed that we have sought to trace it where it is most simply, as well as most authorita tively uttered, in the *Parables of Our Lord, the Sermon on the Mount, *' For Wisdom dealt with mortal powers, Where truth (1) in closest words shall fail, When truth (2) embodied in a tale Shall enter in at lowly doors.'— Tennyson. (1) Articles. (2) Parables. and the discourses in St. John's Gospel. If more precise instruction in dogma is desired, ibis found in obedience to the church's directions in the Catechism and in the Articles of Religion. For the pastcon firmation class, which we hope to see made the connecting link between the Sunday-school and the theological college, we have sug gested such a critical study of the New Testament as Alford's Testa ment makes possible for English readers, the evidences of Chris tianity, and. some knowledge of church history. The critical study of the New Testament is, we are persuaded, the best way of really ' rightly dividing the word of truth,' of knowing what Apostles meant and said before their writings were glossed, and commented upon, and disputed about. As to church history, the way in which the simplicity of eaiiy faith and worship formed itself into precise dogma and ordered ritual; the development of church government out of the exuberant life of the first assemblies ; the study of doctrine and practice in the lives of the men and. the societies which taught and illustrated them: these things seem to be proper to the religious instruction of young Churchmen, if, at least, it is desirable that they should be brought up to have an intelligent and reasonable adherence to the Church of England ; not a blind sub mission to authority, on the one hand, nor a self-willed following of whatever- in religious organisation most attracts their fancy, on the other ; and withal to possess a charitable appreciation of the position and government of other communions and churches. We have further to remark with respect to our programme that it will be easy for managers of schools, if they adopt it generally, to make such sub- divisions as seem to them most suitable. It will pro bably be found advisable in some large schools to adopt the system ,of parallel classes, or even sequences of classes, under several of the divisions. And it might also be necessary, and probably will be so, to distribute the programme over the 'year — e. ff., to teach the New Testament from January to June, and the Old Testament from July to December, or in other ways. Thus much we venture to say in explanation of our plan. Perhaps a few words may be permitted here to remind teachers of a lesser, but still important matter, which claims their attention — namely, that children should be taught the use of the Prayer book ; that is, that they should know how to use it in church, how to follow the clergyman as he turns from one part of the book to the 'other, how to find the appointed psalms and lessons ; so, also, to obey the directions concerning posture — when to stand, and when to kneel — and to join in the responses reverently. These may seem trifling matters, but they have a great deal to do with reverence in God's house, and reverence has a great deal to do with sound learning. We also think that the attention of children may be with profit drawn to the course of the Christian year, following, as the Sundays do, the life of our blessed Lord. We now crave permission to offer for consideration some reasons which we think will justify the proposal of our scheme for general adoption. We trust we need hardly disavow any wish to interfere, even in the most indirect manner, with the freedom of parochial clergymen. Our programme of subjects is taken from the Bible and Prayer-book, and we have refrained from naming any text-books, to explain either the Scriptures or the authorised formularies. But we are sure that the clergy of this diocese are too well instructed in church principles not to desire to use their own free dom, and to sacrifice it, if need be, for the sake of the whole church; and we are also well persuaded that we need not point out the necessity there is that instruction in matters of religious knowledge should be as systematic and as careful as instruction in matters of secular knowledge. We are-very far from forgetting that instruction is not education ; that in religion we want to do more than inform, the mind— we want to train the conscience, to sanctify the temper, to inspire the soul, that the life may be good and. holy. Half tour work—more than half— must depend for its success on the Christian influence which our teachers and clergy shall exercise upon the children with whom they are brought into personal' contacts It is obvious that here rules and schemes would be of little avail. On such a subject we can say no more than what all acknowledge. Prayer and a consistent life; the interest in one's work, which only a sense of being moved to it by the Holy Ghost can impart ; joined to conscientious study of God's Holy Word, with reverent use of the ordinances— these must be the spiritual weapons of a good teacher, or a good clergyman. They that know the difficulties and trials of the young, may wish for help and counsel as to how to win then- con fidence, how to help them to stand against the fiery temptations from the flesh and the world which beset them ; but this belongs to the pastoral offi.ee, and on these things it hardly becomes us to speak. But there is still other work on which we may speak, and to this we have addressed ourselves. It has pleased God to reveal Himself to our spirits through the medium of historical facts. He has made knowledge of the gospel story a chief corner-stone of religious life. That knowledge comes to us through study. And it would seem to follow that the Book— or, to speak more accurately, the series' of Books, which teaches this knowledge— should [ he studied as methodically and as carefully as the text-books of science or of geography. Specially is this needful at the present time, because there is a tendency to discountenance exact religious study, especially in schools. Creeds and catechisms are stigmatised as sectarian, and religious sentiment is being accepted as a substitute for religious knowledge. But we may not put asunder what God hath joined, nor resolve, through a fear of dogma, into a development of the religious consciousness the faith which was delivered to the saints. In proportion, therefore, as exact religious teaching is forced to retire from our week-day schools, it becomes necessary that Sunday-school' teaching be more thorough and systematic. We need hardly remark, that to make religious knowledge accurate will not make those who receive it narrow-minded. Here, as in other subjects, it is the sciolist and the ill-informed who are dogmatic. They who have carefully studied have received the best intellectual preventive against that dogmatism which is allied to scepticism. In Sunday- school teaching so much depends upon the personal influence of the teacher, that it need not be feared that the adoption of a uniform programme will cramp individual energies, while it will be found useful in enabling the church to form a fair estimate of the state of religious knowledge among its younger members, and in the case of children or teachers passing from one school to another, will greatly assist superintendents in appointing them their place and work. Perhaps, should our plan be generally adopted, it might after a time be found possible to base upon it a system of district Sunday school examinations — offering prizes and certificates of merit for the best answering on the subjects set down for each division. No more suitable prize, we would suggest, could be proposed for candidates in the highest division, than a theological exhibition to Trinity College. We are inclined, also, strongly to recommend the adoption as early as possible of some plan for the systematic inspection, by officers appointed by the Bishop, of our parochial Sunday-schools. We are well aware that this step is one that must be taken with considerable delicacy, and that without the hearty consent and co- operation of the clergy it will be found impracticable; that the analogy of the day-, school, though a just one, must not be pressed too far, inasmuch as voluntary associations arc not alwa'ys free to adopt the rules which ^ can be imposed by law upon societies controlled by the state ; nor do : we wish to interfere with that independence of government from without which the Sunday- school shares with the parish, or with the unfettered discretion in things spiritual of the parochial clergyman. But believing as we do, that the advantages of a careful method of religious teaching will be obvious to all, and further, thinking that such care will be best secured by the adoption of a uniform system, with the usual checks, as far as they can be made applicable, which are found of use in promoting the efficiency of our day-schools, we humbly lay before your Lordship that which we have drawn up, as our offering towards the obtaining of those advantages which a care* * ful and methodised system of religious teaching might be expected ./ to give. We humbly pray that it may please our Heavenly Father to pardon and correct our mistakes, and to own those efforts which in the feebleness of our wisdom and the sincerity of our hearts we here makej to the glory of His name, the good of the church, and the nourishing in sound doctrine, and a just knowledge of their Christian : privileges and duties, those of whom the blessed Son of God has said that 'theirs is the kingdom of heaven.'— We remain, your Lord* ty ship's faithful servants, ' % For the Committee, if; (Signed) G. O. Vance. | H. H. P. Handheld. I 3 i i i i i i y :! ! ?? i 1 ? . ? - &2 &j; -S ? £ ? 'S.S -S.8 -2 c __f ? . ? aH a | I : ? jjj f | -;| - I I M , s°ri c s ./[»',,. is' i ? Pj ? Ph ? «2- ? |3 ? 5 S -i II -111 .*.... . | I % ,£l 2g -ll Fi 12 it a ? H ? s ? 8 to ho ? o§ | I !? fyflffit * - ?* ? i H * hi h| g^fll-^s^r w . £? 8' .3 - je .2-3 ; 8 lUlilllli II : I 5 » I SS U I ? m ? w ? O ? -J ? a; h- W -i p a r ol 5% 9 £}& «o ' o ' o *S cs« X S I .:§-?-s %& 8 8 s |g s |i Hill!! If 111 |I i ^ ? M ? O ? O ? MM h H ? Q- s » '^ ?S* gij J .'§ |,1 3 ?S I -I -?»-' -S g s ? '2 & . 1 I 5 H till i I Pi I ' ? jj ? ' o ? o ? o ? a P ? M h, ?83V ^U -fci o im eo'iflcoPo -, aS.ioAT a w ^ ^ in in i-i --h -o i=- ? : ? ° -g g;^ v;; ' ;C'' .-ril^ON^FiRTix^Aiib^M^CuiCHEON; Puintbus, 51 akd 53 Flindkhs Lane West, Melbourkb. ? ? ' 