OUR HOLY FATHER THE POPE. The following flying-sheet has been circulated largely iu .Paris : — i. Ahvays the same tune ! In tho street and at home, iu the newspapers and in conversation, at church and at the pothouse, we hear nothing else but discussion about our holy father the Pope. All this noise becomes tiresome. The poor near old man may have made some mistakes ; that is his misfortune ; but it his own look out. If, as is said, he has broken faith with his people by making promises to them which he has never kept, I think that, after having exhausted their stock of patience, they have a right to say to liim, " Holy Father, we beg you a thousand pardons for leaving you, but we prefer to liave for a temporal leader a brave and gallant King who keeps his word." IF, as is said, ho curses modern civilization, and believes that liberty is mcaut for him alone, what is to be done ? Is net a shrug of the shoul ders the best reply ? , If ho mistakes obstinacy for dignity, the von possumus for magnanimity, Casteliidardo I'ora glorious baltle-lifiid, the abductions of Mortarp and Bluth for acts of heroic virtue— truly the infallibility of tlid Holy Father ' appears .to me to bo somewhat at fault. If, as is said, the Holy Father is doomed to fall headlong from the summit of his temporal power, it will oiily bo hy his own overbalance, , and because he did nob think it worth Avhile to give a substructure to his edifice by deserving the love of his subjects ; aud that is his oivii look-out. ' ' , ir. If the Holy Father followed in the steps of Christ, provingto ushyhis condiict that he is the first disciple of a kind and loving master,'; If, instead of re'raindiug us of Peter's pence and Iho patrimony of the Church, he spoke to us of a celestial kingdom and of the treasures of faith and morality, . . If he busied himself a lil tlo less Avith rifled eaunou and a little more Avith the spiritual weapons Avith which he Avould teach us to OAier- come injustice, idloross, and debauchery, If, following i'n tho , steps '.of tho Lord, he would drive the voiidorsbut of the Temple, that the_A\hol'r H-lilico should contain only works' of piirity, charity, and p oSy. j If, in a word, he only gave ns a command, the holy Gospels, — Oh, then wo should vie with one another to ; give him a welcome 1 A thousand voices would 1 shout, ' Hail to the Poutiff ays waut I Long live the Holy Father 1' III. But if he shuts himself up in his nonpomtmus — if ho refuses to take one step to place himself on a level with the age and to agree with Him Avho is the master of all ages, wo have but one choice— to do without him. Let this alarm no one. His fall cannot hurt us, because it is not he who saves us. His name is not to be found on the lips of Jesus Christ or of the Apostles. The first Christians did without him, and were none the worse for it. Id fact, he has entered the Church with his tiara resplendent with jewels, with his cortege of proud prelates, holding out bis foot to be kissed by those who approach his throne ! He has come dictating laws to tho kings and emperors of the earth, claiming for Iiimself alone universal supremacy 1 Ho has come with his mouth full of invectives for his enemies, and for those who do not submit to his arbitrary decrees ! .So has come to abduct children from their mothers, to prohibit the clergy from marriage, to throA"7 disorder broadcast into the Church of God! Ho has come shouting. " To arms, to arms f " and but recently wo have all heard the echo of his bellicose shouts, " Stand hy me. Zouaves ! .Lamoriciero to tho rescue I Charge Europe in my name 1" And how can ho, then, call himself tho ropro- senlative of the meek and humble Joans, whose kingdom is not of this world,, and Avho declined every ci own, except a crown of thorns ? How dare he claim the name of Him who came not to be waited upon, but to servo ; who had no place whereon to lay his head ; whose followers were the poor, aud indigent, and sick ; who came only to bless us aud to save us ? How daro he compare himself to Him who blessed little children, and restored them to their mothers — Avho declares marriage honorable for all men — who has said, "Put back your sword into the scabbard, for all those who draw tho sword shall perish by tiie sword? " " And Jesus Christ siid to his disciples. You know that those who rule our natiohs treat them with authority, and that their Princes exorcise authority over them. With you this ohall not be so, but otherwise. Lot you not be called masters, for .ye are all brothers." Let lis, then, not trouble ourselves about tho fate of the Holy Father. Let us acknowledge Jesus Christ as our only master. Yes, Jesus Christ, who gives to God only tho title of Holy Father, and who has said to His disciples, " Call no one on earth your father, for you have only one Father, who is in Heaven." Yes ; Jesus Christ, who oft'ers himself to us as master, pontiff, interceder, and Saviour, Jesus Christ, in a word, who died, but who lives from century to century, and who promises to us an only substitute, only vicar, till Ho returns in person — the Holy Ghost, which Ho gives as a guide aud consoler to all those who put their trust in Him. Let me resume Leave to those whom it concerns tho right of settling the affairs of Rome. Let us not trouble ourselves about tho Pope. Let us take as a guide the Holy Gospels, and as master, J esus Christ alone. 