THE MYSTERIOUS TALLOW CHANDLER. Two " housebreakers " were brought up last week, at Greenwich, who told such an odd but satisfactory story that they were at once released. Of all the places in the World the Crown and Sceptre is the centre of this tale of romance and mystery." Whitebait-not wonders and supernatural visitations have hitherto formed the staple of that amphibious hostelry ; but hence for ward possesses ghost of its own, and will be licensed to retail spiritual as well as spirituous articles. The proprietor, it seems, was informed by a neighbour on the previous Sunday evening, that two suspicious individuals had been seen to enter the empty house adjoining his premises. " Mine host " proceeded to the spot, and there discovered a couple of apparently guilty mis- creants-one holding open a cellar door, and the other groping about in the gloom like another Guido Fawkes. The nocturnal visitants refused to furnish any account of themselves, and were straightway given into custody. Next day, when they were brought before the bench they gave their names and addresses like honest people ; while their appearance, far from being burglarious, was extremely respectable. What did they, then, at that dark hour upon the premises adjoining the Crown and Sceptre? One of the two, a Mr. Richard, Ball spoke up for himself and his companion, Mr. Samuel Savage. He explained to the majesty of justice, that the house which they were accused, in the stern phraseology of the indictment, of " entering for an unlawful purpose, " had formerly been occupied by his grandfather and father, who carried on there together the business of tallow chandlery. " When my father died, the prisoner said " his last words to us were Look under the stairs ; there you will find a lot of money." This remarkable observation appears to have been neglected atthetime-whether because the dying chandler was otherwise incoherent, or because filial feelings overwhelmed the son, we are not informed. But latterly a strange and repeated mention had come to Mr. Ball, junior. For several nights the spirit of his sire had appeared, and pronounced the emphatic words, " Under the stairs " Once and twice the vision haunted Mr. Richard Ball in vain ; but when it came the third time, like a modern Hamlet, he took counsel with his Horatio, Mr. Samuel Savage, and the two determined upon action. On the supposition that the empty house door would be found merely latched, they resolved to " have a look ; " and, accordingly, when the Greenwich folk were quiet, and the dusk had fallen, the two friends repaired to the deserted tene- ment, and proceeded to make an examination. At that thrilling moment the landlord of the Crown and Sceptre stepped in so that it is, as yet, impossible to say whether the ghost's word was worth anything. The truth of the prisoner's statement as to the demise of the tallow chandler being confirmed, both the accused were at once discharged. Out of common respect for public curiosity, the search must now be prosecuted for though the stairs in question are removed, their situation is known, or perhaps the ghost was indifferent to such a detail, and spoke as Mr. Disraeli would say, " historically. " On the other theory, if he was but a visionary impostor, the midnight product of an indigestible supper, the sooner he is laid the better for all believers in supernatural visitants. 