gMStm <Jriar& BY THE AUTHOR OF "GEORGE GEITH OF FEN COURT." Hb anhHtre ri*ht ofMUUhing " AwHn Fri*nf in Awtnlto fcM kHB pnehaMd br i£» fkoptiatom «I the AdtlaMe Ottmar. CfBClPTER XXXVIL in Scott's yamj. Arrived at Scott's Yard, Luke, after handingYorke out of the cab, and escorting her into ne fainfliar house, said— "Should yon .mtnd going upstairs for a moment, till I see . what they have done in my absence?" - . . "is your office open?" she enquired, never dreaming what a strange mad pleasure thrilled Kim when he found she remembered such small details. " Yesiihall I light the gas ?" "HojTlike darkness best, as is natural, coming from the country.". " You arejust the same as ever." "Alas, no.' I am different, and duller, and stupider." " Hush * I do not want him to hear your voice." • " I am dumb," she answered, and fled up the staircase, while Luke, settling with the cabman, marvelled, " Did she ever love that man—ever ?" To which I answer, "Yea," and might have loved Aim to the mid,, had he teen even moderately unselfish; only—and I state this j fact in defiance of poets and novelists—^he could only have loved him to the end,: being her husband. How many sins are condoned, how many shortcomings o verlooked, when a man cer tainly belongs to a woman, who can tell? Bat supposing the relationship different, let him te merely her lover, whether sinfully or sinlessly, the moment the glamour with which, it may be, she has herself surrounded him is dispelled, -she sees one fault after another, and, dispassionately weighing him in the balance, finds him wanting. Alone in the darkness Yorke stood, looking oat into the | dimly-lighted court, whilst memories, all 'sorrowful, all bitter, came thronging through her mind—the ghosts of the long ago. Ah! friends, happy is he who canendure to face these spectres with out shuddering shame or poignant regret; but there was nothing in the past of Yorke Forde to make its : countenance seem pleasant to her. Sin and trouble, too late repentance, un availing i^ret—that was the burden of the story shei^ail silently toherself while, with her forelu!^^z$stmg"against the cool glass, she looked put into, the night: a wild, dreary night, with the rain pelting down in torrents, and the wind howling amongst the bare branches of the churchyard trees. It was a , wretched prospect, and yet Yorke felt more at home than she had ever done in her husband's house. She had lived her M67 in that old City nook; she had, after a .fashion, been happy there ; she had wept her tears in those rooms which she might never inhabit more.; she had looked out of those windows in every variety of mood; she had worked there, suffered there, and all for sake of the man who now in the apartment beneath was arguing against his fate. :'• Less vehemently, perhaps, than formerly, because he'felt the net closing around, him, but none,|he less persistently. It was cruel, he said,, to hake advantage , of his position—to sweep from -him. the result of all his toiL He had dope wrong, he admitted; but for Mr. Turner,to step m and appropriate every thing, seemed a-punishment out of all pro portion to his offence. He never intended to do other than pay every one honestly. If they would only help him a little farther, he coud do so. It was all nonsense talking abont exposure.. "Who was to expose any thing? All the people wanted was to be paid, and once they were paid, as they might be, supposing Mr. Monteith and Mr. Collis would do as he asked them, what was there to feu? " I can tell you a person you have to fear now;" Luke interrupted, when at length even his,patience, was exhausted; "Hum phrey." , "Who told you 1 had any dealings with him?" . " Never mind, I. heard, and you know as well aa I do that if he only gets an inkling of this matter he will logk^you np if yon offered him the amount of^ne National Debt to let you Off scot free." " Well, unless you tell him, he will never hear a word about it. And to settle the matter at once, 1 do not intend to leave London, or transfer my business to Turner, or you, or anybody else. Nothing should induce me to run away just as if I were a thief." "And if not a thief, may I ask what you consider yourself?" asked Mr. Collis. ■" I have done no real harm, and I shall not leave London " .. Even while he was speaking the door opened, and Yorke swept in. " I am afraid," she said, looking with a white scared face -at the astonished group, "it is too late now for any one to do much good. There -is a man watching the house." For an instant Mr. Boss' listened to her doubtfully; just for that length of time he thought Hub whs a ruse, but there was no mistaking tke expression of alarm and terror in her eyes. . " Oh lAnstin," she went on, regardless, and indeed forgetful, that there were others present, " why have you been so mad as to remain, in London when you could have got away and saved yourself? There is not a chance for you now. I am quite confident it is this house the man is watching." " Where is he ? where did you see him ?" Lute enquired. " I was standing at the window upstairs," she said-;, "there is no light in the room, if you remember ; and I saw him standing under the archway nearly opposite. Some one went out a little time since " "Yes-; I went-to the post-office," said Mr. Turner. " Well,, he walked down the opposite side of the way, 'and then crossed over so as to meet you. " ,, "I *hinir J.-did remark some one." " And then he - returned to the archway, and has been: there ever since. If you go upstairs you ean see him for youreelf." " Yorkeit was Austin who spoke, and she turned and looked at him : as their eyes met die- understood he was thinking of a ghastly story familiar enough to both, which she had remembered standing in the dark ness, and conned over till she could bear it no longer, and fled downstairs to warn him. "I^re you not asleep, and dreaming about that -other matter ?" "No,"she answered. " What-other matter ?" asked Mr. Collis. " A man-once came up from the country," she said, " and stayed for two days at the boarding-house opposite. When he got to the Paddington Terminus there was a person waiting for him, who followed him here and everywhere he went during that time, and then arrested him." "Why did he not do so at once?" Mr. Turner enquired. " Because there was not sufficient evidenceand hearing this the men looked at each other. "The gentleman out in the rain maybe waiting for sufficient evidence also," suggested Mr. Turner. "And your hero, Mrs. Forde?" . "Was hung." " Well, they do not hang people now-a-days for little mistakes in handwriting, that is one comfort," remarked Mr. Turner; "nevertheless, the position is awkward;*' and then ensued a silence which was broken by Austin exclaiming, ".When did you come? why are you here ?" He had not spoken a word, or even looked at any other, person, since she entered the room. " I came to-night to try and save you. Mr. Ross telegraphed for me. He thought perhaps you would believe me though you doubted every one else." "Save me now !" he cried ; and the man's fear was as trying to behold as his former defiance had been irritating to hear. " It is too late now for any one to help you," broke in Mr. Collis;" and the best thing you can do is to make up your mind to bear it like a man. We cannot prevent your being arrested now the thing has gone so far, bat if yon transfer the business to Turner we can perhaps save something for your wife and children, and we wilL-try. to compromise the affair so far as yon are concerned."/ - > . "H I could only get away?" hesaid. " Yorke, you Oah. help hid'if'ypu like1—you always could.: • Thint-. of-some "way, now.". " Can nothing be dqhe'5" asked Mr. Moir teith, with a despairing emphasis ;on ; the word; and. Lidieanswebed1" Nothing." \- 4' There ia the graveyaird," Yorke suggested in a low tone.' •• , * " Yes, bid: how could he get out of it?" Luke answered.. " Could he hot go through that house which opens into Turnwheel-lane ?" "It would be dangerous, even supposing we couldobtainleave for him to do so." "Do you think, then, there is a second watcher in Turnwheel-lane.?" V "It is veiy probable; still .there is Just the chance." . . : "And you must remember," said Mr. Turner, "that as it is.not this house so much which is being watched as Mr. Friars followed, the probability is the Turnwheel route is stall available, Always providing he could get into it without being seen." "Iwill go round by Thames-street, and ascertain if.. the coast, be. clear," said. Mr. Boss, alert in a moment. "And Luke," Yorke added, "I will tell you a .better plan still. Is Clarkson still the beadle at St. Swithin's?" " Yes, I believe so." "Then ask him to lend you the keys. He will do it. You could unlock the gate and come back here, and then Mr. Friars could; cross the yard without getting near thelightatalL" " I will go," Luke answered " If need, be I will tell Clarkson there is a person here who is in trouble .and a man waiting for him. He will think I mean, a bailiff." "Yes ; only do not let him come with you, or we shall hare a crowd directly, thinking it is a fire." "And supposing he do get away?" began Mr. Collis ; "what next?" " Why first," answered Yorke, although the question was not addressed to her, "he ought to do whatever you advise. He ought to be guided, now entirely by your judg ment." - Hearing which speech Austin looked up sharply, and said, "So you are turning against me, too ?" "No, I am not," she replied. " You are all of you. taking advantage of my position, and want to put a pressure on me." "Have I any interest in this matter be yond seeking, your good?" Yorke inter rupted. "I should not lose anything if yon were beggared; I should not gain anything if yon made fifty thousand a year." " Should you like to talk the matter over quietly and alone with Mrs. Forde ?" asked Mr. Monteith. "I should like to be alone with any one who would not trouble me,'' Austin answered sulkily ;; and the three gentlemen accordingly went up into Lake's office, leaving Austin and Yorke to themselves. Of what passed during that interview Yorke never spoke shbaequently to any one. When Luke on his return went into the next room, in order to take a survey of the graveyard, he no old hear them talking earnestly—she as if pleading, he as though opposing. " She will never get him to doit," Luke considered. But in this idea he proved to be wrong; for half an hoar later Yorke tapped at Hie door of his office, and standing back out of the light, that her eyes, swollen with weeping, might not be noticed, said, " He will do whatever you wish."' They went downstairs again; Yorke, by her own desire, entering the room last. "Do not go away," . Austin cried out hoarsely, seeing her standing on the thres hold as if irresolute : " you" promised me you would stay." "I will stay," she answered; aud she crossed the room, and remained quite cloBe to him all the time Mr. Turner was reading aloud the paper, which bound him to give np everything he had in the world for the consideration of five pounds, which amount was then and there duly handed over tohim. "You hear," he said; "it leaves .me a beggar—a dependent on their bounty for my daily bread ! It strips my wife and children of every sixpence!" and then, even with the pen in his lingers, he pushed the document aside, and swearing he would never do it, hurst into tears. lb blank dismay Mr. Monteith and Luke listened to this declaration, while Mr. Turner shrugged his shoulders, and Mr. Collis indignantly began, "Nonsense, man" But there Yorke motioned him to keep silence. "Sign, Austin," she said; and dashing the team from his eyes, the mm wrote his name, and then flung pen and paper from him. "Are you satisfied now?" he asked, turning to Yorke; and she answered, " Yes." "Although it is not in your agreement, Mr. Turner," she went on, "if affairs should torn out well, and the business prosper, you will not forget him, Mr. Friars, but give him some small advantage out of it ?" "Ay, that will I," answered Mr. Turner, " and I am grateful to you for not having asked me to give a promise that be should have it back altogether, for upon my word 1 do not think I should have known how to refuse." " You had better. go for the night to my aunt's," said Luke Boss, addressing Austin, " and then to-morrow make your way to Harwich, and so to the Continent; and now I am going to fetch a cab; the noise of it coming up the yard will cover that caused by our opening the window and unfastening the shutter." " I will walk round into Tnrnwheel-lane and see that he gets clear offj" said Mr. Turner. "Goodbye, Friars, I will do the best I can for myself, and you, and yours, depend upon it." " Yon will do the best you can for your self, I make no doubt," retorted Austin, affecting not to notice Mr. Turner's out stretched hand. " When that cab comes," remarked Mr. Collis, " I may just as well take advantage of it—unless you want it, Monteith." "No, I shall not leave just at present," Mr. Monteith answered. It might have been as well for him had he not decide*! to wait, however, and he thought this himself afterwards; for it is one thing to suspect, and another to know, and the way Austin parted from Yorke left no manner of doubt on Mr. Monteith's mind as to the relations which had formerly existed between them. As the cab drove up, Austin, without saying farewell to any one, walked into the back room, where already Yorke had flung up the heavy sash. ' "Keep to your right," she whispered, "close by the walL Luke has unlocked the gate—make haste. I want to close the window when the cab drives off. Good bye." Then suddenly he caoglit her to his heart, and held her there for one second, while the rain beat in on the floor, and the howling of the wind almost drowned the words of his passionate farewelL "God bless you, Yorke! and whatever else you may believe of me in the future, believe I never loved another woman but you; and had I never left you, I should never have come to this." " Goit was all she said, but as he obeyed she broke out, sobbing almost despairingly, and, heedless of the rain and the wind, she leaned out into the night to watch bis passage across the graveyard. She could see him stealing round by the wall, she heard the gate slain, and then she drew in her head, and closed the window softly, knd turned to leave the room, becoming conscious at that moment of some one passing out before her. A few minutes afterwards she went up to Luke's office, where she found Mr. Monteith sitting beside the writing table with his arms crossed, and his head bent upon them. She went up close to him before shespoke. "Mr. Monteith," she said, and at sound of his name he- looked up. "You understand everything, now; but s/fc need never know." " God forbid," - tie answered-and she glided out of the room again, and down the stairs, and so into the hail, where Luke stood waiting for her. 1 **iBy■ which train do yon propose returning toMilden to-morrow ?" he enquired. . "By the :fiist,". she replied, "whichever thatmay be. I wish, Luke, you would not insist on coming .with me to EUston-square. Itis snch a long drive on a night like this, and l ean manage to get to the hotel by my self quite safely," But: Luke, by -way of answer, only drew her arm within his, and keeping her as best be could sheltered from the rain, led her to the cab. " Eusfcon-square," he said to the man, and then took his seat opposite to her; and so, almost in silence,, they drove together through the deserted streets, while the rain beat against, the windows of the cab; reminding Yorke of another night, when she had lain in the darkness and listened to the mad foxy of .the, storm, whilst a fiercer passion and a madder despair than that of any tempest , was.raging in her heart. 