m tRt^LopwB LMpwmE. 1 Jir. Anthony Troilope jdejivered Icrinreoa Modem FiclisnaVaBafio Seeing'^atJthe X*sm ^n SSidST'Evemirg,^ the benefii ^tke Cdxfon iu "the presence Of'n thron^'and brilliant ^ffdiefccej^fche atti£3abce being over two tb&us;&Hifr; TUfeffc" was Vvery large proportion ladies, iu f^ot about two- thirds offhd audience'in^he-l^coniefr'aBd'fiNont seats below being? cBifiposed _nf- them. Sir Redmond-Barry took the chair &t; eight fc'riock, 'and briefly introduced the iec- >M?r TrSltope, who was greetecL with thunders of applause, commenced by «ayi«g that all persons w|th WBII regufated minds desirecl toTmo^lwhetBerthe trades they, pursued wete conducive "to i¥e public"welfare or otherwise. fiia;5wn irad&waa; that ef a novelist, ajid.lrelu.tir- ^elf-bad felt the anxiety to v?Mch he siloed.' fie believed-that the trade of a novelist tsould be beneficially -extsrcised, and further, that £be great-body of •modern-fiction had effect for good end sot for evil upon the time. ^Opinions plight differ; and be Imew they- did differ, Upon this pointj but .there-could ba no question of the fact that fiction in our day .was a great power in literature, forming the staple of the reading in \- which people of all ranks indulged. Look . at the periodicals, of which there • was such a shoal. adapted to all varieties of ^aste. Every one had its noyeli»hd -tome two or- threeruaniiigtheiiseonrse." -Thfe tales were the grpat featare'in every periodical of a recr at > T e cast, and publishers would tell you it was no use tq think of- maintaining one without its novel. He remembereda grave assemblage of—well, he would, not say wise -men, biuce he himself was one of ^the number, but it was an assemblage of men with the best intentions, and speaking for all, eavd himself, he: would say that they were-wise men. 'l heir object was to start a' new" periodical,, which; should be really elevating, so far • is it eoaid be made so. At the outset the question rose, Are we to have a novel? He opposed the novel, and found some support in doing so ; but was outvoted when it came to the teat. The majority agreed that it would be perfect madness to thirk of having no novel; and he was politely informed that but for his novel writiughe would never have been asked to join the party at all. The taste for works of imagination had-perineated from . the upper to the lower-classes with the 'spread of education until it became .universal. The earliest .works of fietion in England yet extant were those of Lilly and Sir Philip ' Sydney. - Taking up the Arcadia of the latter we' would be surprised to find with what ponderosity pur ancestors- of three hundred years ago were contented. - 1-he next noticeable period was that of the -Restoration, when the advance of education-brought with it -the advance of novel writing, although it must .be. owned, that; if there was an improvement in "ability, it was " accompanied by a falling, away in point of morality. The novels of Mr?. Aphra Bohn and Mrs. Manley might be taken ts examples of this period. 'I liey were only to be exceeded' in licentiousness by the •contemporary drams. Yet with ah this they were unutterably dull, and wholly arm adable on that account, nowadays. The novel of llobinson Crusoe was an extraordinary exception, not only in the literature of the time, but alsj among the works of Defoe. It had now lived a couple of. hundred years, and showed no signs of a diojiniahed hold on the public.- Tbe ntxt notic able period was that of B ch rdson and Fielding, both of whom showed a great advai ee upon their predecessors, although tbey differed completely from each other. Eich^rdson was a model of purity in his Writings, so far as sentiment was concerned, and Fielding the reverse. la fact he styled Richardson a saint and Fie;ding a siun< r among novelists It must be confessed, ! however, thbt Fielding painted peop e more truly a* they were than fid Richardson, -Who embodied perfect-virtue orutt<r vice jn evierj,one cf his cha» actors. Af-.»r Fieniiujg^^^anu^^ Richardson .isinie Mis. Eau« cliffe, who caused her readeTs to sup full of horrors with the Romance of the Fores-t and Mysteries of Udolpho. Well did he remember in the^days of his boyhood, poring over the, .Mysteries of Udolpho in an old dining hall at night until he wa¥ positively afraid to move from his chair. Every moment he expected to 8ee the thick hangings which were behind him ;dravm: ibpen: and ^lia. close the horrid- figure of some unhung ruffian, or the ghost of a dead hero clad in complete steel. He had placed, this same Mysteries of UdolphD in the hands of his own boys, and they merely laughed at it. Iu fact he himtelf found on taking it up now that it was supremely ridiculous, and be wondered how his bloc d could have been so frozen by it in bis youth. What caused Mirs. .Radcliffa's works to lose their vitality was nut lh« terror of their incidents, but the fact that those incidents were altogether forced and unreal. Before proceeding to notice thp g>eat writer who was the originator of m< dern fiction, he desired to say a few words with respect to Maria Ed ^eworth and Emma Austen. Coming aftt r Mrs. Rartclitfe, they introduced into fictkn an entirely fresh and healthy style. Mi. s Austen confined, herseif to a narrow circle, but within that circle she was perfection. Miss Edgeworth's truthful delineations of Irish lifo urged Sir Waiter Scott to make the attempt, as he himself confessed, to do something of the same kind for. Scotland. Sir Walter Scott, & aim was to revive the spirit of the past, and without entering into the question as to whether the point of view betook was correct, it mu6t 'be conceded that none of his writings >vere inimical to the eause of virtue. (Applause.) After quotiDg various stirring passages, from Waverley, Guy Mannering* and O/d Mortality the lecturer proceeded to notice Scott's successors. To Thackeray he awarded the palm as the most faithful of all novelists to nature.. Thackeray Bet med to him to have combined the mind of a paan and of a woman, so delicate were his perceptions. He did not believe that he was blitfded' by his personal friendship to Thackeray in saying this. Asa particular instance of skill, he referred to the characters of Lady Cattlewood and. Beatrix, in Esmond,- and read a few passaged from that.work. Dickens was undoubtedly the most widely r« ad of all novelists, and hie popularity extended to classes -which,no previous .^writer-of fiction had tv.er .i^achejl. «JEe believed that there were ^ev£n people ,-who could not reau? te %hoitt : cfaa^acter8 dra^n by Dickens-were familiar as household words Otihisgreatgei;m8 itpjJghtbesaid,a& of Sir-Walter-Scott, that . Ms pages wtr6 ucsuiliea^ {Loud cheers.) Two other departed^ waters of - ^etaon- to whom* allusion ou^t'to-be made vere Mrs. Cratkfeli and~0^a>lotte-Bronte, for the werkfi of both Jvtrtia he ^ntextaoncd a noticing%rrtiSB o<\- were ^still living,.or- he l^uld, of -Be havfe ^aed seVal ® sto -catalogue,^ j^Tliere jffi sion made of novel iftlkture into %d8 s the Sensational and the rettlc„ J Me could not^agree with this ^ery.novel, ojaghtjto combine sensationalism with realism In some degree. One thing was certain—JIO work could be successful unless reaUstic, whether sen satwfcai or otherwise. Realism was an essential to ihe BUCCSSS of a novel, and therefore' it" was folly to divide it off; as a quality which a .novel either anight or~jmght not have. "Every novel, he siid, should^dip into the .sensational; in some degree j by which he meant that there oughS to. some incidents more or less out of, the common. Take Sir Walter Scott's works, and $hey would be found to bis full of sensationalism. But it was never"of a pernicious cast. His readers were never incited to emulate vicious or criminal acts; Of some writers this could not be said,"but what he contended for was the healthy tone of the great mass of British fiction. In this it only followed the public demand. Whatever the public called for, novelists would furnish- The question suggested itself as to^ whether novel reading should be encouraged injthe young; and he replied that it ought not-to be regarded with disfavor, if kept within proper bounds. But of course excess was possible Jn this ^matter as in everything else.""° For Instance, atretic sports io engrossed the minds of some .young men as to prevent them "having an idea on any ; other subject, and then the good w as. carried. too: -far. . He- -w ould say the same of the girl : who passed her days over novels, or-the young man who was so attached to them as to keep a rnovel in his. desk. But the great fact had to be.faced that, whether -we- would or not,..this literature .maintained and in-, creased its influence. It was-as well to have the consolation that the influence' was not a-bad one. Suppose now that he-made the^proposition of entering the household*-of any one oi his-present the young men and,maidens upon their love- affairs. It would na.dDubt.be resented as the height of impertiuence. Yet dm not novel writers actually enter almost every household through "their books, and mould'the ideas of the young, upon all these points ?- Neither old nor young, iQ-th"* present time, could tell the extent to; which they were* influenced by the ideasi; and., sentiments imbibed through iw oiks 'of^--fiction. • There was : one position he would lay down: if novels were pernicious to the young they must be pernicious to the old ; and he would add that if ihey were pernicious to young women> they must be so to young men. Mr. Troilope concluded by urging that the rightly inspired literature of the day, in fiction as. in every other walk, would alone live,pcHb resumed his seat amidst very hearty cheering. Mr. F. W. Haddon moved, and Mr. James Harrison seconded, a vote of thaiiks to Mr, Troilope, which was enihut-iastically carried. Mr. TroH'ope, in responding, assured the audience that it hacl given him great pleasure to have the opportunity of addressing them, and he felt highly gratified with the cordial reception given to him. A vote df thanks to "Sir Redmond Barry, on the motion of Mr. H. J. Smith, seconded by Mr. Wiiioughby, brought tbe proceedings to a close.— Age. 