LOCAL NEWS Court of Requests. Monday, September, 4th. (Before Messrs F. A. Thompson and A. A. Turner, J.P.'s.) The only business before the Court was an inter- pleader case, whereby James Beadle, of American Creek, sought to retain possession of certain goods and chattles now in the keeping of one Julius Martin. It appears that on the 24th of July last a verdict was obtained by David Haworth against the said Julius Martin, for the sum of £9 18s, and that the bailiff was subsequently set in motion to recover the amount. On the bailiff taking posses- sion of the articles and cattle found on Martin's farm, the said James Beadle claimed the whole as his property by virtue of having purchased them several years ago. Mr Waring appeared for the claimant, and Mr Woodward on behalf of Haworth. James Beadle, the claimant, being sworn stated that he had bought all his cattle, horses, pigs, fowls, dairy utensils, household furniture, &c.;, from Julius Martin, some 8 or 9 years ago. He had pur- chased them in payment of money which Martin owed him, and he told Martin he might keep them on the place and if he could ever redeem them they would be his own. The transaction was as honest and legal as could be. Some time after that occurrence Martin turned insolvent, and when he (Beadle) claimed the cattle, &c.;, in the estate his claim was allowed by the Commissioner of Insol- vency. The only inventry he had of the goods, &c.; , was the one made at the time of the sale, and that was now in the hands of the commissioner of insol- vency, where it had been sent at the time Martin went through the Court. Julius Martin, who was examined on oath, corroborated the testimony of Mr. Beadle as to the previous sale of the cattle and effects in question. He said they all belonged to Mr. Beadle, and that he could have taken possession of them at any time, and had he done so he (Martin) should not have objected. John Biggar recollected having written the particulars of a sale of cattle and other effects from Julius Martin to James Beadle, some months after June, 1863. It was so long ago, however, that he could not remember minute particulars connected with the transaction. He was in a position at the time, however, to know that Martin was indebted to Beadle, and that it was in payment of such debt that Beadle was receiving the cattle and other articles from Martin. He(witness) had no doubt that the sale was a bonafide transaction in every respect. C. C. Innes was examined by Mr. Wood- ward: He said Martin had gone to him within the last twelve months requesting to have the farm in his own name. He (witness) was aware of Mr. Beadle having a claim upon the cattle and other effects on the farm, and refused to advise the landlord (Mr. Eadie, of Sydney), to have the farm let to Martin on his own account. Martin at that time said that all the property on the farm did not belong to Beadle. It was Beadle who paid the rent for Martin's farm, and the lease of it was also in his name. All the witnesses were examined and cross- examined at great length by the legal gentlemen, who each addressed the Bench at the close of the evidence on behalf of their clients. After some consultation, their Worships expressed themselves divided in opinion in regard to the case. Mr. Thompson thought no evidence had been produced to substantiate Mr. Beadle's claims, while Mr. Turner considered that the claimant's right to part of the property levied upon was made out, but that there was some of Martin's present effects which was not included in the sale to Beadle, and consequently that such could be sold to satisfy the verdict obtained by Haworth. The result was that no verdict was given, and the case lapsed. Roster, for Thursday September 7th : — Messrs. Waring, Wilshire, and Brown, J.P's. Exports from Wollongong, per I. S. N. Company's steamers, during the week ending September 2 : — 136 kegs butter, 67 pigs, 14 calves, , 2 horses, 4 coops poultry, 6 cases eggs, 20 baskets fish, 6 bales leather, 9 bundles cabbagetree-hands, 100 cases kerosene, 9 bales hay, and sundries, The I. S. N. Company. — Our readers will notice by an advertisement in another column that on Saturday next, and every succeeding Saturday, the favorite steamer Hunter will leave Sydney at 7 o'clock in the morning, for Wollon- gong, Kiama, and Shoalhaven, returning at the usual hours on Monday morning. This arrange- ment is intended to provide a regular passenger day steamer on the days mentioned, and those who have objections to night passages will be pleased at this provision for day trips. Lecture at Dapto. — On the evening of Friday last an interesting and instructive lecture on ' The Wonders of the Atmosphere,' was given by Mr Richard Hall, of Shellharbor, in the Council Chamber, Dapto, in aid of the funds for providing the Presbyterian School at East Dapto with a tank. R. J. Marshall, Esq., occupied the chair. The lecturer not only handled his subject with much ease and eloquence, but delineated it with many pleasing experiments. At the conclusion the Rev J. H. Rowsell moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was carried with much enthusiasm by the audience, who had evidently been well pleased with the lecture. Marshall Testimonial. — A meeting of the Marshall Testimonial Committee took, place at tho Queen's Hotel, last Tuesday evening. There were about half-a-dozen members of the com- mittee present, and the principal business trans- acted at the moeting was to instruct the Secretary to write to Sydney making enquiries respecting the prices of microscopes. It was Considered by those present at the meeting that a valuable microscope would form a very appropriate as well as handsome testimonial, and it was thought advisable that the committee should know the probable cost of such instruments in the event of the subscribers deciding at some future meeting that the intended testimonial should consist of such. The next moeting will be called by the Secretary so soon as he shall havereceived the information referred to. Lecture by His Honor Judge Francis. — The above learned gentlemen delivered a lecture at tho School of Arts last Thursday evening, tho subject as announced being ' Sir Walter Scott's Centenary.' As is usual the case at lectures in this town, the attendance was small, there being no more than about forty or fifty persons present. Mr. George Waring J. P., presided. The lecture was highly interesting, the life and writings of Sir Walter Scott, being ably and eloquently reviewed by the lecturer, to whom the great Scottish poet and his writings appeared to be as 'familiar as household words.' The gifted ' Waverley ' and his works were spoken of in terms of unbounded praise by the learned Judge throughout his discourse. A richly deserved vote of thanks accorded' to the lecturer on the motion of Mr. P. Owen, seconded by Mr. John Brown, and his acknowledgement of the same, brought the proceedings to a close. Death of Jemmy the Blackfellow. — Another of the remnant of the lllawarra tribe of blacks went to his long home last Sunday. It appears that Jemmy, who was very old and infirm, was also blind for some time previous to his death. After the police buried Betsy on the Berkely estate, some time ago, the other blacks, it seems, took a superstitious alarm to the effect that 'Betsy's Ghost' was walking about, and conse- quently they decamped from these parts, leaving poor old Jemmy behind them, to contend with life and death as best he could. Since then Jemmy was cared for most kindly by some of the families residing on the Berkely Estate. On the day mentioned, however, the vital spark took its flight, and Jemmy was no more. His remains were buried yesterday on the Berkely Estate, by Constables Dunn and Brewster, not far from the spot were those of Betsy were so re- cently consigned to their last resting place. It is asserted by old residents in this district that Jemmy's age at the time of his death could not have been less than the allotted three score years and ten. Holloway's Ointment and Pills. — A Word of Promise. — All sufferers from sores, ulcers, scorbutic, affections and skin diseases may con- fidently commence the treatment of their several infirmities with these healing and cleansing reme- dies. Under Holloway's well tried medicaments the worst cases will soon assume a more kindly aspect, and in the progress of the cure the afflict- ed will neither be embarrassed by difficulties nor disheartened by failures. A little perseverance and moderate attention to the ' ' directions for use ' enveloping each packet of Ointment and Pills, will enable every invalid to cure himself, and to conduct his complaint to a successful issue; and he may feel assured that by following this simple but searching treatment his skin will be made sound, severe suffering spared, and health re- stored. 