SHAKESPEARE'S HOUSE. Beinc_ at Birmingham, it seemed the aiost natural thing in tiie world for an Australian sight-seer to turn aside from the practical every-dav and hard ware view of things to the home-place' of William Shakespeare. Quite uninspired by the poetical, and engaged in the realities of business, it is not to be expected, that our approach to Stratford-on-Avon was attended by reflections Buch as those supposed to be indulged by literary men possessed by the exulted afflatus to be afterwards poured out for the edification of magazine readers, on the oontrary, | we had to ' do Stratford-on-Avon,' and we ' did it' without being carried away by any extraordinary sentimentality on the subject, and without tho ability to feign that ' we did not feel.' The little borough of Stratford-on-Avon stands on the right hand of the river The houses are mostly of modern build, and except the attraction of the house, the town would scarcely prove attrac tive ; but here swarm people from all parts of the earth — people of all nations, climes, and tongue find their way to Stratford, and perform a pleasant pil grimage in honour of England's great dramatic writer. Stratford has celebrated centenary, and has even passed tercentenary in honour of bhakes peare. Stratford is ready and willing to cele brate to any extent, and profits thereby. It destroys all the poetry and romance cf tltsu English visits when we find it an affair of sixpences, and ourselves in custody of showmen with a cui. -id dried Btory hashed up to suit popular ideas. A considerable part of what is com l ly received about Shakespeare is mere traditio. . An octoge narian parish-clerk vaguely rememjer: tomething about the poet's boyhood or fancied that ho did ; a few worn-out players, hard pressed for information, may have recollected something and imagined more. The proofs of authenticity resolve itself into 'it was said and anonymous authorities have been relied on by grave historians, who have woven from these slender materials a biographical garment for the bard. It is said that he was born upon St, George's Day ; that his father was a wool-comber and a glover ; that the boy was sent for his education to the Grammar School of his native place ; that he was withdrawn at an early age, before he had attained much Latin or Greek; that his father — then a butcher— allowed him to assist in the slaughter-house and that he would make an heroic speech before killing a calf. It is said that he subsequently became an attorney's clerk, and after that a Fchool master ; and that in the meantime be had fallen in love with a lady at Shottery — a lady eight years older than himself — to whom he got maiiied. It is said taat he fell into bad com pany, and on a moonlight night went poaching on the estate of Sir Thomas Lucy; that he stole a fat buck — wanting a venison haunch for his wedding dinner ; that Sir Thomas was indig nant and suspicious, and would have set Will in the stocks; that the future poet scrawled some lines, not in the least degree suggestive of poetic ability, and tramped to London. It is said that in London he contrived to subsist by holding the horses of the gallants who came to the theatres ; that they were delighted with the good humour and ready wit of the Warwickshire lad, and that few would resign their steeds into any other hands but his ; so that he found it to bis profit to employ three or four ladB to assist him in the business— lads who shouted, ' I'm Will Shakespeare's boy, your highness ;' and ?3 made quite a monopoly of the affair. It is said that he got friendly with the players — the men of ; shorn faces uc 1 rhabby suits, who hung about the - Btage-dour — mi was sometimes employed to touch up the indifferent works of mediocre dramatists, to write 'tags,' and occasionally throw in a senB3ti:-n scene. It is said that, encouraged by success in this humble department of art, he wiutc a play on his own account— perhaps ' Titus Andronicus,' perhaps 'Love's Labour Lost;' that it succeeded, and the manager was satisfied ; was ready to produce another, and another, and another, until Will became a rich man. It is ?aid he was never a great actor, his highest achievement on thei boards being t'ae- Ghost in ' Hamlet.'.' AU thfe dramatists— such ia-the penalty of getting on in - the world— set their faoes against him ; but the Gottrt - patronized him. Queen Elizabeth went behind the scenes to talk to him. He enjoyed the patronage of her successor, King JameB 1. It i^'-said be was worth a .thousand a year; that he had a fine houBe at Stratfordon Avon ; and that when he died, at tha-age of fifty two, he left soma very respectable leg&eies.; But it is not known exactly when he was born, nor where bo« went to school, nor how he was occupied omleaving school, nor whether be ever stole a deer, flo?«wbether Sir Thomas Lucy had any deer to steal, cor why he went to London, nor what he did when ho-got to London, nor how it was that he joined the p)ayers, nor when; nor. what were the circumstances - uuder which be produced his first play, nor what; that play was. It i?, aot knows with any certainty .when, nor how, nor haw. often he saw Queen Elizabsth ; nor what was his average income, nor.when he -wrote bis last play, nonwhat that play was ; and, as a^Kmax, it has been gravely asserted that this much p?aised and sometimes abused Shakespeare never wrote a play — that he purloined them ready written, an&that; such a person nerer existed. How- . ever, amidst all that the critics h&?e written, people flock to Stratford to look at tk». recently-restored house. We are .at Stratford to see the-house, and our sixr pence is said. Here ie the chamber wheie the Bard did his '-mewling and puking,' 'and all over, around and about, visitors of every degree have scrawled their nunes. The museum is- to- be seen for an addi tional sixpence, and sceptical) folks may be excused for doubting the genuineness of tbe relics. ' Did Shakespeare smoke P' We, present the qnest'on as a topic for debating-classos. We find pipes in the museam looking suspiciously modern ; but no mat ter. We hie to the Falcea, where William is said to have smoked divers pipss in the oak-panelled par loo. Hence to the Red Borse, where we are treated to a sight of the identical poker with which Wash ington Irving poked tha fire, perhaps in a spirit of indignation caused by, the tardiness of waiters, or possibly as a vent to his feelings roused by. the mer eenary tendencies o& ihe Bard's degenerate towns men. The poker ia a relic of value to its.fortunate owner; and, like Ann Hatha way's Cottago.and Lud dington Church, is. a property in more seises than one. As regards thaprofeesional life of Wiljiam Shake speare, we undoubtedly know that he took part in theatrical performances, which, in some respects, however, differed widely from those of the present day in the mpde of representation. £n 1589 he had a share in the ownership of Blackfikrs' Theatre. In 1693 he dedicated his poem of ' Veans and Adonis'1 to Lord Southampton. In 159&rie; was one of tbe principal aotors in Jonson's 'Every Man in his Humour.' When the city authorities proposed pulling down Blackfriars Theatre, which they regarded as a nuisance, it was noted — ' W. Shake speare aBketh for tbe wardrobe and properties of the same, playhouse, £600.' Wo know that in money affairs he prospered. He was able to buy a house and considerable estate, lived handsomely, loaned money, and brought an action — being a shrewd business man — against Philip Boger, for £1 16s 10d, ' to malt sold and delivered/' as may be seen by a document in the Stratford Court of record. We know that Mr. Nason was his apothecary, and that Shakespeare died on the 23rd of April, 1616, and was buried in Stratford Church on the 26th of the samo month. His will haB been published several times, and its provisions show that he was well to do in the world. Stratford-on-Avon is now a place of pilgrimage. From cast and west, from north and south, the pilgrims come to this humble Bhrine — a shrine hallowed by genius. Here was born great Shakespeare ; here he spent his early life ; here, in this neighbourhood, he learnt to love; here he returned when the fight for fame and fortune was over ; and here he dwelt in peace and honour. We are standing in the chancel of the Church ; tall elms wave before the pointed windows, and the Avon, which runs at a short distance from the walls, beeps up a low, perpetual murmur. Tread lightly on this consecrated earth ; look reverently on this last rcet ing-place of all that was mortal belonging to him. 