PAIBIES, DEMONS, GOBLINS, AND GHOSTS. BT P. W. JOYCE, A.M., M.B.I. A. (From Boston Pilot) (Concluded.) Glennawoo, a townland in the parish of Kilmacteige, Sligo, must have been, and perhaps is still, a ghastly neighbourhood, for the name Gleann-w.a-bhfua.th signifies the glen o the spectresand in the parish of Aghavea, Fermanagh, is a place which was, doubtless, almost as bad, viz., Drumarraght, the ridge of the arraght, or apparition. Near the church of Eilnamona in Glare, there is a well called ToberataBha; it is in the form of a coffin, and its shape is not more dismally suggestive than its name, Tobar-a'-taise, the well of the fetch or ghost. What kind of malignant beings fonnerly tormented the people of Drumahaire in Leitrim, it is now impossible to tell; and we should be ignorant of their very existence if our annalists had not preserved the true form of the name—Druim-da-ethiar (Drum-a-chir: Four Masters), the ridge of the two air-demons. Besides the celebrated fairy haunts mentioned at p. 175, there are several other places in different parts of Ireland, presided over, each by its own guardian spirit, and among them several female fairies, or banshees. Some of these are very famous, and though belonging to particular places, are celebrated by the hards over the whole of Ireland. Cliodhna (Cleena) is the potent banshee that iules as queen over the fairies of South Munster; and you will hear innumerable stories among the peasantry, of the exercise of her powerful spells. Edward Walsh makes his lover of "O'Donovan's Daughter" thus express himself:— God grant 'tis no fay from Knockfierna that - wooe me; God grant 'tis not Cleena the queen that pursues me; That my soul, lost and lone, has no witchery wrought her, While I dream of dark groves and O'Donovan's Daughter. In the Dinnsencbus there is an ancient poetical love story of which Cleena is the heroine ; wherein it is related that she was a foreigner, and that she was drowned in the harbour of Glandore, near Skibbereen in Cork. In this harbour the sea at certain times utters a -very peculiar, deep, hollow, and melancholy roar among the caverns of the cliffs, which was formerly believed to foretell the death of a king of the south of Ireland ; and this surge has been from time immemorial callcd Tonn-Cleena, Cleena's wave. Cleena had her palace in the heart of a great rock, situated about five miles southsouthwest from Mallow ; it is still well known by the name of Carrig-Cleena, and it has given name to two townlands. Another of her haunts—a rock of the same name—is situated in the townland of Reenogrena, in the parish of Kilfaugbnabeg, in the same county. Aeibliell (Eevil), or more correctly Aebhlin (Eevin), whose name signifies " beautiful," was another powerful banshee, and presided over North Munster ; she was in an especial manner the guardian spirit of the Dalcassians. Before the battle of Clontarf, she threw a magical cloak round the Dalcassian hero, Dunlang O'Hartigan, which rendered him invisible. And towards evening, as the confusion of the battle increased, when Brian's attendant urged him to mount his horse and retire from the danger, he answered:— " Retreat becomes us not, and I know that I shall not leave this place alive. For Aeibhell of Craglea came to me last night, and told me I should be killed this day." (See Wars of CHx., p. 201). Aeibhell had her palace near Killaloe, in a xock called Crageevil, but better known by the name of Craglea, grey rock, which is also the name of a townland. The rock is situated in a silent glen, under the face of a mountain ; and the peasantry affirm that she forsook her retreat, when the woods which once covered the place were cut down. There is a spring in the face of the mountain, still called Tobereevil, Aeibhell's well. There is a legend common all over Ireland, connected generally with lakes, that there lives at the bottom a monstrous serpent or dragon, chained there by a superior power. The imprisonment of these demoniac monsters is commonly attributed to St. Patrick, who, when he cleared the country of demons, chose this mode of disposing of some of the most ferocious—and there they must remain till the day of judgment. In some places it is said that they are permitted to appear above the waters at certain times, generally every seven years; and then the inhabitants hear the clanking of chains, or other unearthly noises. During the period of St. Patrick's sojourn in Connaught, he retired on the approach of Lent to the mountain of Croagbpatrick, and there spent some time in fasting and prayer. To this historical fact has been added a fabulous relation which Jocelin, in hi? life of St. Patrick, written in the twelfth century, appears to have been the first to promulgate, but which is now one of Ireland's most celebrated legends—namely, that the saint brought together, on the top of the mountain, all the serpents and venemous creatures and demons oi Ireland, and drove them into the sea. There is a deep hollow on theface of 4he mountain, called to this dayLugnadempn, the hollow of the demons, into which they all retreated on their way to final banishment. This story, however, is not found in the early authentic lives of the saint; and that it is a comparatively recent invention is evident from the fact that Ireland's exemption from reptiles is mentioned by Solinus, who wrote in the third century; and Bede mentions the same fact, but without assigning any cause; whereas, if such a remarkable occurrence had been on record, doubtless he would not fail to notice it. Legends of aquatic monsters are very ancient among the Irish people. We find one mentioned by Adamnan (Lib. II., cap. 27) as infesting Loch Ne6s, in Scotland. In the life of St. Mochua, of Balla, it is related that a stag which was wounded in the chase, took refuge in an island in Lough Ree; but that no one dared to follow it, "on account of a horrible monster that infested the lake, and was accustomed to destroy swimmers." A man was at last prevailed on to swim across, " but as he was returning, the beast devoured him." O'Flaherty (Iar Connaught, c. 19) has a very circumstantial story of an Irish "crocodil," that lived at the bottom of Lough Mask; and in O'Clery's Calendar (p. 145) we read about the upper lake of Glendalough : " They say that the lake drains in its middle, and that a frightful serpent is seen in it, and that from fear of it no one ever durst swim in]the lake." This legend assumes various forms in individual cases, and many are the tales the people can relate of fearful encounters with a monster covered with long hair and a mane ; moreover, they are occasionally met with in old castles, lisses, caves, &c.;, as well as in lakes. The word by which they are most commonly designated in modern times is piast; we find it in Cormack's Glossary in the old Irish form beist, explained by the Latin bestia, from which it has been borrowed; and it is constantly used in the lives of the Irish Saints to denote a dragon, serpent, or monster. Several lakes in different parts of the country arejcalled Loughnapiast, or more correctly, Lock-na-pci$te, each of which is inhabited by a demonical serpent; and in a river in the parish ofBanagher, Derry, there is a spot called Lig-na-peiste, which is the abode of another. When St. Patrick wasjourneying westward, a number of them attempted to oppose his progress at a place in the parish of Ardearn, in Roscommon, which is called to this day Knocknabeast; or, in Irish, Cnoc-na-bpiast, the hill of the serpents. In the parish of Drurahome, in Donegal, stands a fort which gives name to a townland called Lisnapaste ; there is another with a similar name in the townland of Gullane, parish of Kilconly, Kerry, in which the people say a serpent used to be seen; and near Fresford, in Kilkenny, is a well called Tobernapeastia, from which a townland takes its name. Sometimes the name indicates directly their supernatural and infernal character; as, for instance, in Pouladown, near Watergrasshill, in Cork, i.e. Poll-a'-deamdain, the demon's hole. There is a pool in the townland of Killarah, parish of Kildallan, Cavan, three miles from Ballyconnell, called Loughaudoul, or, in Irish, Loch-an-diabhail, the lake of the devil; and Deune Castle, in the parish of Kilconly, in Kerry, is the demon's castle, which is the signification of its Irish name, Caislena'-deamdhadi. 