., A NEW REFORM. \- ... : . (New York iribane.) j;j.n8more; we iqidk oi 11, ine inorB. we are inclined to revoke our slurs upon the club of . Odd Women. Wnat if they did levy two- pence a head for ale ? Did not every woman " subscribe -her wit to enliven the meeting1 ?" Wit ? jokes ? and women. In this country a woman can not only, like Solomon's ideal housewife, brew, bake, and weave fine linen for her husband, but her words of wisdom are heard instead of his " among the elders in the gates her eloquence inflames oar souls to noble deeds ; her pathos wrings tears from our eyes. But tell a good story ? laugh ? Alas ! tbeso are some lost arts whereol Mr Phillips has forgotten to even write the epitaphs. We con the reports of those jolly meetings of genial good-humoured easy-goers in Wolverhampton, and smack our lips with a dismal relish ; as a ghost might, catching a glimpse of a Christmas dinner across the inexorable Styx, How it . maybe elsewhere we know not; but we protest that the American nation, male and female, is afflicted with a universal migraine. It grows sallow, dyspeptio, fanatical, weak aton. and all for the lack of the nutriment! of a' wholesome laugh. . Jonathan is well fed, . well-to-do, has freer, richer fields for body and mind, than any of bis brethren ; yet no man under heaven carries about a coun tenance so lachrymose and lugubrious. He pan. invent, make money, philosophise, re form, do everything but joke. He is never ill at ease but when bidden to enjoy himself. If he is a young man he goes through a waltz with the very misery of endurance stamped upon his unsmiling visage; if he is old, lie finds his morning's recreation in a ' business paper, and keeps the report of the Stock Exchange for a bonne honshe. He looks at th'e German in his beer-garden, at the : Frenchman with the violet in his button hole/. Urith a like cynical contempt ; he never really appreciated either, nation at its fall value until they took each other by the throat and lurnished new horrors of bloodshed and starvation for his daily digestion. It is not the desire to grow rich alone that has made Jonathan the nervous, irritable, anxious : wretch he is, and that under the fairest heavens where God's sun shines: He wants to be rich, but he wants more — -to be master, to conquer new land, science, society, party, " what not. Men and women are alike bitten and rabid with this mania. Or he wants to- reform. The world is out of joint, and its Creator apparently has done nothing' but wait for this modern Hamlet to be born to .set.it right. So, what between money-getting struggle, and reform, the face of life is worn down for us to the bare bone. The smile ahd flesh and colour are gone long ago; It is as hard for us to realise in it the genial . idleness and jollity of the Club at Wolver hampton as it would have been for Hamlet .7 to hear again-the jester's infinite fancy and gibes from the lips of his bleached skulk jlxow, ii you Diuua mau too sinui/ij' iu uui/jr, his original depravity grows rampant. We confess that the doings at Wolverhampton . are calculated to stir up revolutionary ana vagabond blood , in our veins. -We are tempted' to profess ourselves heartily tired of sojourning in this vale of tears, and will- , ing to make oi it more comfortable quarters. What if we give up reform for a while and try-amusement? What if our women at 7- least would follow now and then the example 0 of, these odd sisters 1 Divorce and Poverty ? 7 and.Woman's Wrongs are hideous skeletons, and real enough, we know. But , need they be 7kept swinging continually in front of every: front door'? What if they let Humanity lumber on its way 'unaided;' oc- casionally, and give the children a swing " over the rough places by fun and frolic at home, -(perpetual' bright faces, songs, stories, iieatty. downright laughter ? The shadow andis train of our own war are gone : there are as heavy shadows from poverty and vice, perhaps: 'But the true course tB. to bring the sick'-and vicious up into our clear, wholes ' some sunshine, not 'to fill our homes with .their -foul miasma. What with journals brimful of murders and adulteries/with the . clamour of the war which we cannot silence, ' with'cbnventions, lectures, sermons all aimed to, Tight abuses, we not only sup, but break- fast and lunch, on horrors and abnormal di seased ideas. Would it not be quite as help- .%ful to remember that the sun shines and the v sky is blue, and that it is, after' all, a good; hearty/ joyous world, over which the good God reigns. That the nation is sick of this unnatural, incessant strain and' rasping is ."proved/ by the bear's hug it gives- to eVery- -'ipdy;; who'" makes.. it laugh'. Nasby, .Mark Twain, even Punchinello, all had their /hearty, welcome. With Hawthorne's melan choly ghosts, we maintain an admiring cool acquaintance ; but Pickwick we took home , to our table and our bed. - 7 -. A e-irl or mother mav strive in vain for a f career.; but here is waiting for her the' real 7 -wine of life, fan, good humour, honesty, and (good sistership," and a chance to give' to the children the rarest of gifts— the habit of happiness, an elastic light-heartedneBB. Meanwhile; Wolverhamnton is before us. .' Odd women, to the front ! v'/ a Deaf ani> Dumb Fiianc-Tiiirur.— .'The Scbweizer Bote of Aarau says:— "Our town has for- months been visited by extra ordinary numbers of fugitives from the F ' French civil population. Consuls and other . officials readily speak of Aarau as a good resort, for. the needy, and accordingly we <have a number of necessitous persons to sup port in our town-. Among hundreds of cases 7'of application for relief to the secretary of the- Aarau Aid Society, a case presented it self, the otherday unique in its kind. A deaf . and /dumb couple from France begged for assistance on their journey to Zurich; The 'husband, now a civilian, was a few weeks \- ago in a corps of Francs-Tireurs, consisting I of 400 deaf and dumb volunteers, commanded ' by an officerin the enjoyment of all his senses. Our deaf and dumb friend received a ball in tlie'leit leg, and- fell into the hands of the $ Germans, by whom he was healed and then " released. When he returned home he found everything in ruins, and accordingly he re- g, solved to take his, wife with him and go to Switzerland. The unhappy couple were assisted by our Aid Society and sent on to Zurich after tbey had rested for two days, and "hud been well taken caro of at the Aarau ' 'Deaf and Dumb Institute. The deaf and duinb Franc-Tireur's story would hardly have been credited had it not been confirmed by his papers,' and the investigations made in the/institute. To, what a pitch things must have come to in France when they lfad tbe defff ahd dumb to battle. \ 