Wit mil p»W0^ A fireside tail — The cat's. ' : Rich music — A million-air. ? Gone courting — The lawyers. ? A good country seat — A milking stooL Motto for ia cat show — Come |o the scratch. Mot'o for grocers — Honest-tea is the ' best policy. ' Should Auld Acquaintance be Forgot? ' — Not if they have money. ; Which is the largest room in the world? — The room for improvement. What the Royal Humane Society cannot do — Savcus^from our friends. '' In Exthemis.— That man is indeed hard up who cannot get credit even for good intentions. 'A mute, inglorious Milton,1' in a gaol, has written a poem entitled ' An Idle in fore cantoes.' The bravest man in the -worlds The man who talks of going to the sea-side without taking his wife. . A musical friend thinks that the first piece of music performed by Adam- must have been *' Warblings at Eve.' At a New York reception a young lady acci dentally set her back hair on fire. When it was extinguished, she said she was glad it wasn't her best. - Sir Boyle Roach said, ' Single misfortunes never come alone, and.the greatest of all possible misfortunes is generally followed by a much greater.' A shopkeeper having advertised his stock to be sold under prime cost, a neighbor observed that it was impossible for him to do so, as he had never paid anything for it himself. A school teacher has been dismissed for kissing the big girls. The school girls say. that the School Board had no right to interfere with their studies in that way. A most excellent old lady is much exercised in mind to know how it is that a little quick silver in a glass tube can make such awful hot weather by just rising an inch or two. . A housewife in Suffolk, in filling up her schedule of the census paper, described herself as the 'head of family,' while V respect to the trade of her husband, she wrote—He turns my mangle.' A paper says :— ' One of the prettiest sights the human -jye ever rested upon is gold in its liquid state.' The human eye'in this vicinity would be Satisfied if it could see any of the metal in a solid. state. About a week before the prorogation some body said to our friend Bob Lowe ?' Why don't you pair off?' 'Show me anything left to pare off,' was the fierce answer of the great economist. Two young ladies and Mr. Thaddeus O'Grady were conversing on age, when one of them put . the home question : — 'Which, of us do you think is the elder, Mr. O'G.?' 'Sure,' re plied the gallant Irishman, ' you both look younger than each other.' A patient complained to his physician that he was pursued by a ghost the night bsfore, as he was going home from the tavern, ' What shape was it?' asked the doctor. 'In the shape of an ass,' replied the man. ' Go home,'' said the doctor, ' and keep sober. You were tipsy last night, avid f rightenedby your own shadow.' ' The Last Yankee Notion.— Some ingenious Yankee has invented a process by which maple sugar can be made out of common New Orleans molasses, flavoring it by steaming maple wood. The next thing that we are looking for from that land of prolific ideaB is a, process whereby they will make honey from cod liver oil, flavor ing it with beeswax. ? - While, a vendor of greens was endeavoring to dispose of his stock-in-trade, 1ub poor old donkey came to a standstill and refused to budge an inch. The driver finally commenced belaboring the animal with a stick, when an old lady thrust her head out of a window, and exclaimed, ' Have you no mercy ?'r— ' No, ma.'am,''replied1 the man, ' nothing' but greens.' ? We read that 'a mechanical talking monkey is the latest show novelty.' When we are' rather overstocked with talking monkeys sup plied by nature, it is merely waste '-of time to employ science in the construction of me chanical ones. If the inventor would, try .and invent a plan for silencing some of the existing talking monkeys the world 'would have cause to be grateful —Fun. ' ? Sheridan was once staying at ihe house of an elderly maiden lady in the country who wanted more of bis company than he was willing to give. Proposing one day to take a stroll with him, he excused himself to heron account of the badness of the weather. Shortly afterwards she met him sneaking out alone. '' So, Mr. Sheridan,' said *he, 'it is clearing up ' — ' Just a little, ma'am; enough for one, boi not enough 'for two.' A Down-Easter lately came to New York, and took lodgings at one of the high houses. Telling the waiter he wished to be called in the morning for the boat, both of them proceeded oa their winding way Upward, till having ar rived -at 'the 'eighth flight of stairs, Jonathan caught the arm of his guide, and accosted him thus, 'Look here, . stranger, if you intend to call me at 6 o'clock in the morning, you might . as well do it now, as 'twill be that time in the morning before I can get down again.' Not long since a lady entered a railway car riage, and disturbed the passengers. a good deal with complaints about a ?'toost dreadful rheu- - matiz' that she was troubled with. ' A gentle man present, who had himself been a severe 'sufferer from the same complaint, said to her — ' Did you evertry electricity, madam? I tried it, and in the course of a short time it cured me.' ' Electricity ! ' exclaimed the old lady ; ' y^-s, I should think I have. I was struck by. lightning about a year ago, but it didn't do me me the least bit o' good.' 'Look here, squire.; where was yeoufeom?' said a persistent Yankee., to a five minutes' acquaintance. . ' I was born,' said the victim, 'in Boston, Tremont- street,- No. 44,:left-han J side, on lBt day of August, 1810, at 5 o'clock in '? u ... ... ? ?_ ... ... -ihe-aftomoon -pliyoioian. Dr. Wttrraa-f-aapw^ [Sally BenjaminJ'^, Yankee was answered com ipletely. ^iFgrta/ njbment ^ie £n^B?^tuck; Soon, JhoweverV* Ms a ace' brightened, land-he-quickly JBaii — ' Yeas'; wa^L I Calculate you don't re icollect whether it was a~frame'~or a brick house, idew-yeiP'-: ?--- -^ ;- ??' ^ ???..'''..'.'-.-.? jJ.:.-Vi..*i7 1 A Highlander was tried for -a capital offence, ^nd had xather- a narrow, escape ; *utjtbe J[nry found him '.Not .guilty.' Whereupon the .Judge,, in discharging 'him, -tnottght fit .to admonish him. ?'??*» prisoner, 'tefore ryou 'leave the Bar,1 let me give1 you a piece of1 advice. Tou; have got off this1 time,-, but' jf you^evei*. come, before me again I'll be caution (surety' you'll be hsnged.9.' . ' Thank, you, iny. '. lord,' answered Donald, ' thank yp% for jour good advicg ; and.Vas I'm no uugratefu', IJbeg,-to gie; your Lbrashlp' a piece 6* advice in 'return. Neverbe caution for ?anybody, for. the 'cautioner has often to pay the penalty !' :; ? ' ' : - ' It must have' been -with' infinite amusement that Henry Ward Beecher, during a late vaca tion, heard one of his own published sermons delivered in an obscure village. : At the close of the service he accosted: the .divine, and taid, ' That was u. fair discourse ; .how .long did it take you to write it?'—' Oh, I tossed it. off one evening when I had leuure,' was Ihe reply. 'Indeed,' said Mr.' Beecher ; -' it took . me much longer than that to think out the very framework of the sermon.'. ' Are. you Henry Ward Beecher ?'' — ' I am,' was the reply. 'Well, then,' said the unabashed' preacher, ' all I have to say is Ithat I ain't, ashajied to preach one of your sermons anywhere.'. ? rThe following by Josh Billings is only.^, trifle inferior to some passages in.' ' Thomson's 'Sea- «ons,',by which noble poem it was evidently in spired : — 'Spring came this 'year as much as usuaL ? Hail,, butous virgin J 5,000' years : old and upwards, hale and. hearty old 'gal, welcum tew New Yoik State and parts a ijacent ! Now the birds jaw, now the cattlelioller, now the pigs scream, now the geese warb'e, now the kats sigh, and Nature is frisky, while the nobby cockroach is singing, 'Yankee Doodle' and ? Coming through the rhL' Now may 'be seen the muBketeer, that gray outlined critter of dis tiny, Bolitary and alone, examining his last year's bill, 'and now be heard with the naked ear the coarse shanghigh. bawling in the barn yard.' 