ESCAPED FROM PARIS. ' (JP on an Occasional Cot respondent of the Times ) AN escape from Paris is just now, I suppose, easy or difficult according to whether one knows the right way to set about it. Theoretically, the process is easy enough ; practically, endless small obstacles turn up to test one's patience, if not one's ingenuity, severely. I was told that as I had the proud prive lege of being a British subject my departure would be the simplest thing in the world. I had nothing to do but to go to Mr. Blount, recently, appointed British Consul, show him my passport, and he would declare it or me-it did not much matter which " bon pour les lines Prussiennes." I was delighted to find that I had to put myself in the hands of Mr. Blount, as the English in Paris, completely deserted by their own Embassy, have had no better or, more influential friend during the siege. But what I called, Mr. Blount unluckily was out, and I was told by some one in his office that I must take my passport to be stamped to the Prefecture de' Police. At- the Prefecture, after losing myself half-a-dozen. times among endless tortuous passages and, stair- of cases, I at length found a gentleman . obliging enough' to examine, f in the intervals of singing cafe near, my passport, and take what he called my' "signalement," but what appeared" to me either a facetious or malicious caricature of my personal appearance. He leisurely affixed one stamp to my passport, after I had with some difficulty made him understand who' I was not Lord Lyons, nor Mr. Lascelles, nor any" of the hard long names at the head of the paper, and then informed me that I might, on,, the' whole, as well-it could do no harm,, and [perhaps would do good-have another stamp affixed by the Prefect. This may also have been, like the caricature, meant as a joke, though I took it innocently in good faith, for I found, after wandering deviously through more labyrinths to the Prefect's own bureau, that I might as well have tried to get at the Grand Lama. A crowd was outside the door, waiting with the patience of which only a French crowd is capable among them one woe- begone Englishman, evidently realising in all its bitterness the truth of the proverb that there is no solitude like that of a crowd, who had accomplished the truly British feat of remaining five months in Paris without learning one word of French, and who, of course, expected me to take him under my protection. Among the blind the one-eyed, is king'; still I could do very little for my protege, and we might have lain till now in the ditch into which we had together tumbled if a French friend had not luckily found me and told me that I could not see the Prefect for much the game reason that Tilburina could not see the Spanish fleet, because the Prefect was nowhere in sight, not even in his office. I took my English proves to be caricatured, finding that he had not yet I gone through even this elementary process, and was myself sent in search of another stamp to the East Major at the Louvre, where an officer in a gorgeous uniform, expressed more surprise than pleasure at seeing me, and referred me to the British Embassy. The British Embassy consisting just then chiefly of the concierge, I preferred to go to Mr, Blount, but unluckily he was still out-absent on affairs of State at Versailles. I had accordingly no alternative but to take my passport to the Embassy and leave it there, receiving a promise that everything would be arranged to my entire satisfaction in two days. I called in two days, and found that nothing had been done, or, rather, that what little had been done had all to be done over again, owing to a change in the arrangements previously adopted to the Prefecture de Police. At last, however, some three days later I did-to cut a painful story short-get my passport, and with it a laisscz-passcr, half in French, half in German, permitting me to go to London by Calais on family affairs. I had in the meantime, during this protracted struggle, changed my plans, and was going not to London but to Bordeaux, on business in no way connected with my family ; but to go through the struggle all over again was out of the question, and so I determined to stretch a point, if necessary, by telling the authorities, who were clearly to blame, that I was going by Bordeaux to Calais. But how to get to Bordeaux? Were there trains running, or was the line, if com- j pletely restored, too crowded with provisions for Paris to leave room for passengers ? I found on inquiry that a train left, direct for Bordeaux, from the Gare d'Orleans next morning at half-past 8, and I thought my troubles at last at an end. B at next morning, though I sent out very early, not a cab was to be had to carry my luggage only a commissionaire, who of course carry very, very late., He set off at a brisk trot, but, carrying luggage, he could not make much headway, and I should probably have missed my train if by great luck we had not come upon one solitary cab, the last surviving representative of a once crowded and fashionable stand, and looking in the early morning, with its rusty panels and lean, haggard horse, like a stray ghost that had lingered on accidentally beyond cock crow. I expected the driver to demand at least 500. for taking me to the station in time for my train, for he saw at a glance that he was master of the situation ; But he was no less merciful than potent, and, leaving the settlement to my gratitude and generosity, set off at a pace of which I should have confidently pronounced the phantom-horse incapable. Possibly the sagacious animal had discovered why and where so many of his comrades had disappeared, and feared that if He did not do uncommonly good work he would be eaten. Thanks to his energy the station was reached in time, but there still further difficulties awaited me -a very Person upon Ossa of troubles. A, crowded railway station in a foreign country is at any time a tolerably " stiff fence " for a solitary traveller who has to do everything for himself, but those who have only seen it in ordinary times have no idea of what it is free in a capital that has just passed through four months of siege. In vain did I look anxiously round for the porter who ought to have been there to take my luggage, and whom I was prepared, in my anguish, to " tip" recklessly for the polite gentleman in uniform, brimful of railway information, and gracefully eager to impart it; for the time-tables, finger boards, or any other of the buoys and landmarks which guide the bewildered traveller to the good. Nothing was to be seen but a confused multitude of anxious, angry travellers, crossing and recrossing each other like ants in a disturbed nest, only not so peacefully, tripping and swearing over each other's luggage, and everybody vainly inquiring from everybody else how he must get to such or such a point. At last I spied in the throng a railway uniform, and clutched at it as a shipwrecked sailor clutches at a plank, but the wearer, pointing to his cap which bore the insignia of i another railway station, calmly informed me that he knew no more of the arrangements of this than I did. There was nothing left for me but to conceal my luggage in what seemed the least dangerous hiding-place, and join on to the tail of a long crowd formed in front of a ticket-office, just visible in the distance, and trust that, when my turn came round in the course of the day to ask for a ticket, I might be given one for Bordeaux. Fortune favoured me, and eventually, with no more serious loss than that of my time and temper, and of what is sometimes called " the bark of the stairs" I found myself in a crowded carriage declared to be bound for Bordeaux, with the satisfaction of seeing a host of less fortunate travellers or, would-be travellers, left hopelessly on the platform, until some other train could bring them on. As our train passed beyond the fortifications, all necks were eagerly stretched forward and eyes strained to see the effects of the siege upon the environs of Paris. It was a very painful sight-bitterly painful to those of the party who had not seen it often enough to become hardened ; but it has been so many times described since this wretched war began by more picturesque pens than mine that I need not describe it again. Let readers who want a stimulus to their imagination recall the two opposite sides of the picture drawn in Goldsmith's " Deserted Village," and conceive what was once one of the most charm- ing suburbs in the world entirely given up at best to desolation and decay, with crumbling masonry and gardens choked with weeds-at went to live and pillage, to say, axe, shot, and shell ; of pretty villas nothing left but smoke-blackened roofless walls, battered and open to the winds ; of ornamental trees and evergreen foliage nothing but bare unsightly stumps. But, sad as this sight was, it was even sadder if I may judge from the impression it made upon my fellow travel lers to see the French railway stations in possession of Prussian soldiers. I had watched Parisian faces all through the siege, and at its worst moments I never saw them wear so deeply dejected, so pro- foundly painful an expression, in which shame, grief, and anger, all the more bitter for being concealed, ' struggled for the mastery, as when we were approach- ing the station of Vitry, where our passes were to be examined, and a Prussian soldier was to decide whether French citizens might go from Paris to Bordeaux. In a carriage full of eight persons there was, of course, one alarmist, who frightened us all by stories of the obstacles wantonly interposed by the Prussians, and how any man found , with the smallest scrap of a military uniform about him was immediately made prisoner of war. One timid looking Ulilu man ' upon tHio-ouddonty grow pale, and began furtively cutting off, with a reckless- ness that would have made his tailor's heart bleed, the handsome gilt buttons of a jacket, hitherto hidden by his overcoat. I was pained to find that the French uniform, which I still wore in all innocence, and which had stood me more than once, in good stead during the siege, now made me generally most obnoxious. I was told that I should compromise not only my own guilty self, but possibly the whole innocent carriage. One anxious fellow-traveller eagerly pressed upon me a cap, another a coat, but a loud violet stripe still betrayed my trousers, and as I could not very well change them, there being "a lady in the carriage, I thought it best to brave the matter out, and try with my passport to do as much of the " Civis Romanus" as possible. Our alarms, however, proved utterly v groundless. The Prussian officer, ' whom everybody admitted to be a very good-looking, well-mannered fellow, albeit a Prussian (the French lady was, I believe, astonished to find that he did not resemble the ogre of a fairy tale), looked at our laissez- passers, in as matter-of-fact a way as if he had been a railway guard - taking our tickets, and, so far from searching -as the alarmist had assured us he would-for concealed uniforms, did not take the smallest notice of me or give me a chance of playing the Roman.- The timid little man threw a melancholy glance over his disfigured coat, and- fingered dolefully in his pocket the gorgeous buttons. The examination was purely formal. Nobody with a latssez-passer had the smallest difficulty, though a few unlucky people without it, chiefly women of the poorer classes, were turned out of the train and deposited on the platform, to wait, I suppose, further inquiries. There was great anxiety to see the Prussian lines, and as we approached them a long line of waggons, heavily laden with what looked most suspiciously like furniture packed in huge travelling cases, gave rise to a series of bitter complaints and stories about the way in which the Prussians have stripped French houses to the bare walls, _ not leaving even marble chimney-pieces or gilt cornices, in order to send the plunder for sale to Germany. I do not, of course, accept on such a question the word of chance fellow travellers of whom I know little more than that they are, naturally enough, violently prejudiced witnesses, but I have heard before, on trustworthy authority, similar stories, which I regret to be obliged to believe true. I was told of one case at Bellevue, in which, when the French proprietor came to see his pillaged house, and found only one thing left that he could take away as a souvenir-a family portrait-he was prevented taking it by Prussian officers, and told that they were not his guests, but he theirs. Another French proprietor-at Bierre-when he tried to le cover his daughter's piano, the solitary waif left from the wreck of his house, was quietly told that it was the property of the captain." I can tell other similar stories, furnishing names of people and places, if the Prussian authorities care to inquire into the truth of them, and either punish those whose un- soldierly conduct has brought this stain upon their army or indemnify the sufferers. The laws of war may generally supply a pretext for almost any amount of devastation An Englishman who followed one of the Prussian armies told me that an officer once said to him, " We have been obliged to get you fuel from the wood, as we have burnt all the pianos and billiard tables ' This was perhaps, brutal, but not wholly unjustifiable if it saved time or labour to burn pianos instead of trees But no interpretation-not even a Prussian-of thelayvsof wear can justify plundering the pay into property of peaceful covers, not for any military purposes, but for tradesmanlike barter and sale I wish the Prussian officers guilty of these dirt) practices could have heard the contempt with which the bench, dovMi spirited and eleven trodden as the) are, spoke of them, but I should take up far too much of your valuable space if I were to tell you half the bitter stones-man), I hope greatly exagge rated-which passed from mouth to mouth lam only relating the narrative of an escape from P ing, which was considered accomplished When our laissez passes had been duly examined and accepted My Trench companions, indeed, did not breathe freely) 01 pluck up their spirits so long as the stations were manned by Prussian soldiers The timid little man rose greatly in my estimation b) resolutely refusing, hungry as he was, to buy any of the bread and beer which were exhibited in huge piles, most tantalising to a besieged Parisian fresh from black bread and horse, until he had got beyond the Prussian lines, under the impression that he would be putting money into Prussian pockets , but, though everybody loudly applauded, I did not notice that all did the same 