ORIGINAL POET"Y. SA FRAGM1ENT RELATIVE TO THE WAR I " EUROPE. The French do not seem ripe for revolution, Such as would make the nation rise nas masse And drive out the invader. Let that pals. "' Paris is France," they say who know the French, On this opinion we don't mean to trench:; "Starve or capitulate," is the prompt conclusion Which most hazve come t. With a mad confusios Perhaps they'll make of it another Moscow, And bury thousands in the blood-stain'd ashes. The few survivors b5nish'd, may they to Cosgo, Led bya Gelnian band of Lictors with their fasces. Physic and pointing, may we think thrive there, As well as in Parisian h:lls, or anywhere : Bipponates and Apreilles both born there Fishes in abundance; and purer is the air. Giveun to (;ermiany all that remains to give, .-A.d let the remnant of your people live What signifies it which of the two is master You Osnnot remedy the great disaster, Brought upon you by your Emperors and Kings, Wvhich after all, are perishable things, Like you and I, and so the poet sings; In toeuth, as well by your excessive vanity, And ardent love of war which is insanity. Or to emigration you may ope the door, SAmerica and Canada have room for many more; :And Miss Austraii.Ls will be happy too, To take as many as you send to her Give them her lads for nothing, feed them too If they will work, not fight, or make a stir. Your ironclads may then be well employ'd In bringing to these shores, the ruin'd and decoy'd; And surely England will spare a few more millions, To aid the starving multitude of civilians Her Majesty alone has one hundred milliona .At the least .ad is vemrp charitable; So is the youthful Marquis too, of Bute, Who lately gave unto his holiness the Pope A royal income-a youth of great repute, [brute, For which and -ie apostacy his tenasint. had him Bound him in eiy, significant in scope. SLet Prussie's king asiuie the new born style Of Emperor of France and Germany, 'Tie only courteous and in good taste STo place the fallen foremost on the file. All this may happen, but agreat deal moe Is on the cards, at least (we think) a score Of probabilites and eccentricities, Amung the torrent oi infelicities. \- Russia may find the " sick man" well again, And well prepar'd, nor will John Bull rf.rain,. .Itousedfrom his seeming lethargy to join Sin the affray, if nediful to his honour,. -: ::, . SRegardless of the threat or ghost of an O'Connor .: " ": PETE?R PINDARS 