rHE YASS" MUNICIPALITY.— A COUNTER PETITION. fcommunicated.1 On a wet ovening at tho beginning of the week 1 numerously attended meoting of goats was held iu _Mr. 's verandah, to consider the advis ability of petitioning the Governor agninst tho extension ot municipal rights to tho township of Yass. An elderly goat, with n romarkably fino grey board, was voted, by acclamation, to tho window sill. Tho window-sill goat informed tho meeting that tho time was come when it was inenmbont on overy goat of sense to make a butt in tho in terests of liborty. (Bleats.) Ho had heard that a municipality was considered ns acortninty. Now whnt wns a municipality? Nothing more or loss than tho infringement of the rights nnd libortios of gonthood. A municipality meant no troe grazing, no cropping the tondor shoots of valuablo shrubs, no shelter on rainy nights in vorandnhs and on window-sills. (Blents, and ories of shame.) Wore they prepared to havo their privileges restricted ? (Loud ba-a-a's and nogntivo wagging of beards.) No 1 ho folt they woro nob. Ho had mnch ploasure in calling upon his friend Billy Blackboard to propose the first resolution. Billy Blackboard didn't wont to tnlk. He was a goat of action, he wns. No, ho left words to the Mncqunrio-stroet goats. He wns there to protest liko a gont, nnd the father of a very large family, against tho unheard of tyranny of muni- cipalism. Ho felt confidonb thnt the resolution he wob about to move would meet with thoir ap proval. (Bleats, and cries of " Go it, Black- beard.") It ran in this way — " This meeting desires to record its unqualified disapproval of any step tending to the restriction of free grazing." Ho might montion ns a fact that only two years ago tho hirelings of tho law shot in cold blood nine hundred goats in tho streets of Sydney. (Sensation.) "Was such a thing to be toloruted in Yass ? What wore streets, ho should like to know? Wnsn't one goat as good as another? He was a plain goat, h'o was, and them woro his sentiments. (Loud and long con tinued bleating.) A sedate-looking milch goat having seconded the above resolution, it was declared carried by acclamation. Tho window-sill goat thon called on a fresh- looking young Billy to propose tho socond reso lution. The goat thus callod upon moved for tho appointment of a committee to draw np tho ne cessary petition. Ho said that the eloquence of precoding speakers had left him no ground to move on. Ho would simply remark that it was o very grave crisis. Yass, once a municipality, and to be a goat would be synonymous with misory. Look at the numbers of old women it would throw out of employment. Ho could vouch for the fact that somo dozens were em ployed in hunting up his female frionds every afternoon of thoir lives. No, his cry was froo streets and old women for ever. (Immense enthusiasm.) Tho resolution having been seconded wns de clared carried. A venonible and most respectable-looking goat then addressed the meeting. He said that al though the business of the meeting wns oyer ho folt it his duty to say a few words. He wished to receive the sense of the meeting as to the character of u Gorman gentleman who resided in Ynss. He alluded to Mick the Gorman. (Dis approving ba-a-a-'s.) Yes, ho knew the meoting wns with him. Ho called for throe hearty groans, for that persistent enomy of gonthood. The three gronnB having been right willingly ao- corded, and just as n middle-aged milch goat wns addressing the meeting, nnd eulogising tho ex emplary conduct ot the Ynss police, the proprie tor of the house in whose verandah the meoting was hold, hnpponod to return home, when a sceno of considerable confusion ensued — the goats skedaddling in all directions under a heavy fire of stones, our reporter only oscaping injury by a miraolo. ======================= St. Clement's Church, Yass. — It will be re membered that at tho mooting of meinbora of St. Clement's Church, hold on Monday, tho 18th instant, tho chairman (Mr. Allmnn) was requested to torwnrd n copy ol the resolutions agreod to to the Lord Bishop of Goulburn. The following iB a copy of tho Bishop's reply : — " Goulburn, 22nd Soptcmbor, 1871. My Doar Mr. Alluiuu,— I bog I to acknowledge the receipt of your lotter of tho 19tli, onclosing tho two resolutions which woro adopted at the public meeting in Yass. While expressing my unfeigned surprise nt the tenor of the unusual communications road to tho mooting, I mny add I havo no intontion of moving Arch deacon Lillingston to nny other sphoro of duty oxcopt at his own desire ; and propor notico of nny chnngo of this kind would of courso be given to tho pnrishionors of Ynss. I rcmnin, faithfully yours, M. Goulburn. G. C. Allrtmn, Esq., Ynss." Sir Jambs Martin. — Wo nro informed thnt tho Promior intends to leave Melbourne on Friday next cu route for Sydney. Ho will, wo under stand, conduct the Crown business at tho Denili- quin assizes on tho 2nd proximo. The Assize Courts. — His Honor tho Chief Justico is oxpected to reach Yass to-morrow morning, en route for Wagga "Wagga, at which placo the Circuit Court is to be opon on the 2nd proximo. Sir Alfred Stephen will put up at tho Commercial Hotel whilo ho remains in Yass. Tiie. Commercial Bank.— A considerable num ber of stonemasons and othor workmen arrived at Yass last Saturday morning with a viow to tho commencement of the now bnnk promises for tho Commercial Bank. Mr. Hilly, tho bank architoct, is expected to nrrivo in a fow days. Sporting. — Tho first snipe of tho sonson in this district hns fallen to the gun of Master Allmnn, of tho Yass Grammar School, who with his father succeeded in bagging somo fino birds on Satur day last. Approaching Courts. — Tho noxfc Court of Genornl Sessions will bo hold at Yass, on Mon day, the 16th October. Only two cases, up to tho present timo, await trial, in which four por- sons are implicated. The next District Court will opon on Wednesday, tho 18th October. Thoro aro no cases yet enterod for disposal, but thero is yet sufficient time for tho filing of cnusos eitlior for country or town service. SHOCKING ACCIDENT.— On Monday, the 18th instant, a young man named Brown, about eighteen years of age, met with an extraordinary and terrible accident while falling a tree in the neighbourhood of Bowning. He had partially cut the tree, and got out of the way expecting it to topple over. This not occurring as speedily as he expected, he returned to ascertain the cause, when the tree fell, striking him on the leg a little above the knee. It scarcely scratched the spot struck, but the weight and force of the blow actually drove his foot into the ground, causing almost every bone in the foot and leg to start from its position and to protrude through the skin. The lad was conveyed to the Yass hos- pital the same evening, and Dr. O'Connor on ex- amining the nature of the injuries saw that unless the bones were at once placed, the probability was it could not be done at all, and sent for Dr. Blake, the other hospital doctor, to meet him without delay. Although somewhat late in the evening Dr. Blake speedily attended, when the doctors administered a slight quantity of chloro- form, and proceeded to place the different bones in their proper positions. The young man bore his suffering nobly, and the work was most ably and successfully accomplished. Since then ex- tensive suppuration has set in, and the young man is in a very weak state. The accident may yet terminate fatally. Government Savings Banks. — On tho 1st October bnnks, in connection with tho local post officos, will bo oponod at the undermentioned Cln'ces : — Albury, Braidwood, Coomn, nnd Gotil- nrn. Why has Yass. with anofficinljpostmnstor and an assistant, been passed over? New Post-Office. — On the 1st proximo n post- office will be opened nt Cunningham, botwoen Binalong and Murrumburrah. Tho residents nt or adjacont to tho nbove-mentionod place are recommended to adviso thoir correspondents to address nil letters and newspapers accordingly. Adelong Crossing. — Tho newly-orected Church of England nt Adolong Crossing witl bo oponod on Sunday, 1st proximo, when sermons nro to bo preached by tho Von. Archdoncon Lillingston, Rev. W. II. Pownall, and Rev. J. N. Manning. Excerpta. — A tologrnm from Arnluon, dated Wednosday, statos that the case ngainst Stewart, for a bronoh of the Stamp Act, wns dismissed at the Police Court yostorday. Tho effigy of tho informer was burned on a tree in front of his residence last night, in tho prosonco of n largo concourse of pooplo. At Adelaide whoat is reported to bo very firm at 4s. 7d., and nn advanco on that price would havo to bo givon to secure a parcel of good sample. John Contos, master of the schooner Jnson ; John Irving, mote; and William Bellas, George Pnrsfiold, nnd Henry Williams, seamen — approhendod on warrant — were brought before tho Wntor Police Court, Sydney, on Thursday Aftornoon, charged with having unlawfully kidnapped cortain nntives nt Ambrym, an island in tho South Pncific Oconn. The wholo of the prisonors were romanded to Brisbane to bo doalt with. The Municipal Council of Rockhampton has voted the sum of £250 to the Mayor for tho purpose of providing a bnnquot to his Excellency tho Govornor, and to which 200 persons, ratepayers and others, nro to ho invitod. Since tho arrival of the steam ship Nebraska, negotiations woro oponod for tho sale of wool, resulting in transactions to a vory largeamount. In Sydney tho breadstuff" market continues without animation. Holders of whoat ask 5s 6d., but no transactions have takon plnco dnring last week. Suporlino flour may bo quoted at £13 10s. to £15, with a vory dull market. — — Mr. G. F. Want roports having sold tho imported puro-brod bull "Rosolio"for the sum of £157 10s., Mr. R. Stowart being tho purchaser. It is rumoured that, failing nn ndjustmont of tho Border Duties, Victoria will impose n duty on Rivorina wool and New South Wales live stock. A nativo tigor was lately oaptured at Blessington, Tasmania, monsuring from tho point of tho nose to the tip of tho tail 6 ft. 3 in. When first started ho wns in tho net of onting a shoep. The liquors confiscated from tho stoamer Providenco were sold at tho Court-house, Hay, on Saturday, and fetched £275. At a public meeting recontly held nt Bonrko, the sum of £400 was subscribed towards defraying the expense of opening up a road from thonco to tho Cobah Copper Mine, and constructing wolls or tnnks on the proposed road. As the road will also form a direct route to the Lnchlnn for travelling stock, and bo of great Bervico in oponing tho back country, the Government will bo asked to contribute to tho obiect. The Intercolonial Conference. — Tho Inter colonial Conference is adjourned until Monday, whon it is expected to finish tho businoss for which the delegates woro called together. On Thursday last the Chief Soorotnry was absent during a portion of the sitting, and the Treasurer acted as president. The border question was tho chief matter under consideration. On Mondny the delegates will deal finally with tho postal , question, and ratify tho agrooment arrived ot between thorn. — Daily Telegraph. DEATH OF MISS HILLY. — The Gundagai Times has the following : — With deep regret we record the death of Miss Ellen Hilly, daughter of Mr. Owen Hilly, of Oura, after a brief illness. The departed, who was but twenty years of age when removed from this world of trial, was dearly loved and respected by her relatives and numer- ous friends, and until the time of her fatal seizure had hardly experienced a day's sickness. She was taken ill on the morning of Thursday, the 14th instant, and was attended by Dr. Morgan, of Wagga Wagga, who, when he visited his patient, on Saturday morning last, expressed hopes of her speedy recovery ; but, alas ! about an hour after his depurture she expired, the cause of her donth being, we believe, the mysterious malady of heart disease, which carries off so many, and against which medical skill seems powerless to contend. On Monday last a large cortege of afflicted relatives and of friends, many of whom had come from long distances — from Yass, Jugiong, Murrumburrah, &c.; — paid the last sad tribute of respect to the deceased by following her remains to the North Gundagai cemetery. Owing to the unavoidable absence of a Catholic clergyman, the funeral service was read by Mr. Fennell, son., of Cowarbee, and when the coffin which contained the mortal relics of the departed, who had in the flower of her youth been so suddenly summoned hence, was lowered to its resting-place, bitter tears and suppressed sobs testified the grief of those who stood around. Grenfbll Roman Catholic School. — An in- stnnco of whnt appears to us as not n proper administration of tho Public Schools' Act has- lately como uudor our notico with roforcnco to tho Roman Catholic school at Gronfcll. On 22nd May last an application wns mnilo to tho Council for a cortificnto for tho school, which thon had an ovorngo nttondnnro of ono hundred and so'venty- fivo. Tho application wns novor gnzottcd, nnd on 8th Soptcmbor a reply wus sont up stating that it could not bo granted, ns tho accommoda tion providod wns not suitaklo. Tho school is carried on in tho church — a spacious building in excellent repair — and desks nnd othor nocossary school furniture hnvo beon provided nt considor- nble cost; nnd whon wo contrast tho building and accommodation of tho Roman Catholic school with tho rickety hovel which has for yonrs boon dignified, and allowed to be used, as tho public school, wo must say it uppoars to us that tho Act, in this instnnco, has beon anything but impartially ndministorod. — Bnrrangong Argus. Arson near Gininderra.— Dr. Morton, tho district coronor, on Friday Inst concludod nn inquost touching tho origin of a firo which occurred near Ginindorrn about tho beginning of last month. Tho inquiry was commenced shortly after tho occurrence, but ndjournod for tho evidenco of a witnoss who had loft tho district for a short timo. Tho property dostroyod was a slab nnd bnrk dwolling-houso, but unoccnpiod at tho timo. It was built on a froe- soloction, nnd was tho proporty of Ilonora, wifoof Jamos Allen. Tho jury voturnod tho following vordict : — " Thnt the premisos wore burnt either on Monday, tho 31st July, or on Tuosduy, tho 1st, or Wednes day, tho 2nd August, 1871, intentionally, mali ciously, nnd feloniously, by somo person or porsons to tho jurors unknown." — Queaiibeyan Age. The Stamp Act. — Two ensos for bronchos of tho Stamp Act woro dismissod by tho Wntor Polico Magistrate and Messrs. Cameron nnd John Stowart, on Friday, at the Water Police Court. Ono of the dofondants was a girl nnmcd Sarah Mooney, who wns chnrgod with neglecting to affix a stamp to a receipt which sho gave for £2. John Irving doposod : I am a oabinot- mnkor; I know tho receipt protlucod ; I do not .know who signed it, as it wus roeoiptod boforo it camo into my hands. Mr. Williams, Crown solicitor, at onco acknowledged that thero wns no case; he understood that this witnoss could provo thnt tho dofondnnt signed tho nccount. Mr. Driver, who npponred for tho dofonco, nskod for professional costs ; ho said that tlioso cases wore becoming too common, and ho thought that tho informors should be tnnght u lesson. In Thursday's Herald wo snw that tho effigy of nn informer at Arnluon hnd boon bnrnod opposito his own door. For his pnrt ho would liko to soo . tho effigy of tho Ministry und all who had any thing to do with tho framing nnd supporting of tho Stamp Act burned along with tho Act itself. Tho bench dismissed tho caso, hut doclinod to award professional costs.- -S. ill. Herald. Financial Reform and the Railway League. — At tho meoting hold recently for the purposo of forming n railway league, ono of tho speakora, Mr. C. II. Walsh, snggostod that tho objocts of tho lenguo should embraco a widor rango nnd extend to financial reform gonernlly. Tho chair- m n pointed out that this was foroign to tho objoct of tho mooting; nnd tho suggestion wns not ndoptod. To hnvo enrriod it as nn amend ment after tho promoters of the mooting had movod a resolution for ttio appoiutmont of n lenguo for railway purposes, would lmvo boon virtually to dofoat tho objoct they had in view ; nnd doubtless, . theroforo, it was woll that tho suggestion was not agreed to. At tho samo time thoro is no doubt of tho necessity of financial reform and of rotrcnehmont ; and it is theroforo with satisfaction that wo lonrir that tho committee nppointod at tho public mooting are likoly to propose extending tho objects of tho league to tho purposo indicated in Mr. Walsh's romarks. Tho first mooting of tho committeo wns hold on Wodnosday Inst, whon n sub-com- mittoo of throo was nppointod to propii.ro n manifesto, to bo submitted to the full eommittoo at thoir noxt meoting. After tho manifesto shall linvo boon approved of, offieo-boarers will ho appointed.— Goulburn Herald. Permanent Military Force of New South Wales. — Tho numbor of inon, of all ranks, now enrolled in tho infantry and artillery corps is about 160. On tho 15th instant, tho constabulary guard at Government IIouso wns rolioved by tho infantry, nnd sixteen men — oight on nnd eight off — nro now engaged in that duty. Eighteen nro engaged in gunrd duty at tho Victoria Barracks. Tho conduct of tho men continues to bo most exemplary, and thoir officioncy in drill, consider ing tho short timo thoy hnvo boon on pnrado, is most satisfactory. A numbor of tho artillery corps wero nbout town on Mondny, nnd thoir smnrt nnd soldierly apponrnnco was a subject of gonoral comment. No stops have yet boon takon to obtain mon from tho country districts, but littlo difficulty is approhendud in gotting applicants willing to join. — S. M. Herald. A Curious Case of Bigamy.— At tho Mnssol- brook Quarter Sessions, Emma Solinn Mason wns chnrgod with this offbneo, nnd it is ono of tho most deplorable ovonts in tho annals of colonial criminal history. Tho prisonor, an ngod woman, grny-hairod nnd deoply wrinkled, wonring bluo spectacles, was brought into court, bittorly cry ing and sobbing nloud. Iior nppearanco nlono was enough to influonco tho jury with a fooling of pity. Tho charge was tliut on tho 2nd of July, 1862, sho married ono JnmoM Mason, nnd that she thoronftcr, to wit on tho 26th of October, 1S70, feloniously did contract nnot hor mnrriago with ono Charles IIowoll, the said Jamos Mason boing then nlivo. In answor to tho judge tho prisonor said sho was fifty-nirio yoars of ago, und through tho ill-trontmont of hor first husband sho hnd deon driven to take this step. An ex planatory lotter was bunded in, and tho prisonor beonmo hysterically nffectod when sentence wns to bo pnssod, and cried out ropeatodly, "Ilavo compnssion on mo my lord, my heavenly lord bo morciful 1 " His honor remarked, that ho would havo compassion on hor, and show hor gront leniency, firstly, bocauso of tho alleged bntl trontmont, nnd secondly, in consoquenco of hor age, as tho punishment which ho wns to award would bo moro sovoroly felt by hor than by a younger porson. Tho sontonco wns throo months' imprisonment, without hard labour, in Maitland gaol. — Tho Upper Hunter Courier referring to the matter says : — Wo cannot refrain from romurking on tho poculinr circumstance which lins como to onr knowlodgo thnt tho dofondnnt in tho bigamy caso is nctunlly tho stopdauglitor of Howoll's first wifo. It boats rnmnnco hollow tliat a mnn of tho ago of somowhoro botwoon sixty and sixty-fivo man-ios his own stepduughtor ngod fifty-eight ? It is, howovor, porfoctly authenti cated. Poisoning by Fern Nuts. — Tho Singleton Times of tho 6th instant says: — A littlo girl throo nnd a half yonrs of ago, tho daughter of Mr. D. Morrison7was accidentally poisoned on Friday last, by onting a spocios of forn nut, a numbor of whioh hnd boon brought into town from the country a fow days previously. Mr. Morrison, being unaware of thoir highly poisonous pro perties, guvo thom to his children to umuso themselves with by playing " knuckle hows." A short time afterwards ho observed that his littlo girl, tho subject of this paragraph, hnd oaten ono of tho nuts, which present a very inviting npponranco to any porson unnoquuintod with thorn. Sho was suddonly takon very ill — violont vomiting, stupor, and a yellowish ap pearance of tho eyes being amongst tho most noticeable symptoms of hor mnlady. Sho re mained in a stnto of stupor until yostordny, when sho commenced slowly to recover, nnd from latest inquiry wo aro glad to stuto she is going on fnvounibly towards rocovory. Wo omitted to montion that Dr. Hartigan wns cnllod in nnd proscribed vory nctivo nnd judicious remedies. Theso nuts nro found in tho pino- npplo shaped pod which grows on tho ordinnrv forn. Tho pod, which is groon inside and rod outside, is formod in a precisely similar mnnnor to the pino-applo, boing inado up of layers, insido of which tho r.uts nro found. It is said tho aboriginals oat thorn after tho narcotic poison thoy contain hns by somo secret process beon oxtractod. — Tho Sydney Horning Herald stntos — Tho plant referred to is, no doubt, mnemzamia spiralis, which is commonly known about Sydney as tho native palm, and which is so lnrgoly used for docorativo purposes. Tho fruit in its fresh stnto contains nn acrid poison, which, howovor, is ensiiy got rid of by steoping tho nuts in wutor for sovon or eight days, or by roasting. It contains a nutritious ficculn, which has boon to somo extent used in this colony for many yonrs past. Thoro woro sevoral snmplos of it at tho Pnris Exhibition ; and wo loam from Mr. Charlos Mooro that tho fruit wns highly spokon of by sovoral Gormnn gentlemen, intorosted in tho food depnrtmont, who tasted it. The Increased Railway Goods Tariff. — As an indication of tho effect tho recent incroaso of tho railway goods carriago charges is likely to produce, wo mnv montion thnt two teams, tho proporty of Mr. T. Loslio, of tho Adolong Cross- ing-plnco, passed through Gundagai on Monday, lndou with hides, and en route for Sydnoy, from whonco thoy will bring bnck loading. Mr. Loslio asserts ho can successfully coinpoto with tho railway and carry mnro chonply. Wo understand, nlso, that Mr. A. Graham, of Adolong, hns somo loading coming from Sydnoy diront by town, at n cost oi'7s. por cwt. — Gundagai Times. Immense Yield of Gold at the Ournie Reef, Upper Murray. — A correspondent nt Tmnhor- umbu sonde ns tho following important intolli- gonco : — "Throo tons of quartz takon from tho prospectors' claim, on tho Otirnio Creole roof, woro crushed last wook at Mr. Wilson's " Roofer Machine," Adolong, from whioh 30 ozs. of gold woro rotortod. Upon roccipt of tho nbnvo news quite a rush sot in, nnd tho work of pogging out nnd registering claims is nrocoadinir rnnidlv. — Albury Banner. Large Nugget Found at the Siioalhaven. — On Thursday, Mr. Mooro, storekooper, rosiding at tho Jaequa roofs, in this district, called at our offico with tho largost nuggot yot found in this neighbourhood. It weighs 181 ozs., nnd is of oblong shape. It contains a small quantity of quartz, but not of a vory considerable oxtont, us will bo soon whon it is inontionod that its vaiuo is ostimatod ut about £00. It was found in allu vial diggings on Skull Island, a smnll island in tho Shonlhavon River, thirty-five miles from Goulburn, und wns purchnsod by Mr. Moore. It is now on view in tho window of Messrs. Darios, Alexander, nnd Co. ; nnd in a day or two will bo sont to tho Mint. — Goulbum Herald. The Ticiiborne Case.— During tho past wook, Mr. Stowart, solicitor, of Melbourne, hns boon prosecuting enquiries in this town touching, tho Wagga Wngga oxporionces of Castro, Orton, Smith, and othor personagos associntod with tho Tichborno caso. Mr. Stowart has, wo under stand, examined tho pocket- book of Castro's wo referred to in a rocont issuo as boing in tho pos session of Mr. Cox, and has, doubtloss, nrrirod at his own conclusions as to its possihlo value ns ovi- donco in connection with tho trial now going on. Tho voritnblo Arthur Orton, it is confidently as sorted by certain of our townsmen who profoss to bo well posted up in these matters, lias un doubtedly boon traced to a lunatic asylum in this colony, and will bo producodnnd identified whon tho propor moment arrives. Wo do not profess to ofl'or any opinion upon tho reliability of tho roport. Orton may or mny not be a lunatic, hut wo begin, to suspect thnt wo shall most certainly bocomo so if no mentis can bo dovisod for bring ing tho Tichborno caso to a speedy termination. Tho wholo district, ut prosout, is labouring under a terriblo attack of Tichborno on tho brain, and thoro appear to bo no signs of an abatement of t.lio malady. — Wagga Wagga Express. Another Atrocity. — An act displaying tho most fiendish malico was perpetrated about eight or nine days ago in tho neighbourhood of Cattio Station Creole. It nppoars thnt Mr. John Shoody, of Frogmoro, paid u visit to Lakofiold, tho rosi- doncti of Mr. II. O'Noill, and was induced to ro- rauin thero that night. He had turned his horso out to graze, and on tho following morning dis covered thnt tho animal had strayed away. Ho instituted nn iinmcdiato soareli, and nt longth found tho auiiunl, but in a fonrfully mutilated condition. On examination ho discovorod that the animal had boon grossly abused, having re- ceived a frightful wound on tho near hip, evi dently inflicted by an axo, wioldcd by a strong arm and a vindictive spirit. Tho animal has boon renderod almost worthloss by this atrocious ruffianism ; nnd wo sincerely trust thnt the author of u dood so cruel and vindictivo will not osenpo tho punishment his savagory merits. — Burrowa Advocate. A Ghost. — Whnt is cnllod " a true ghost story" comes to us from Now Zealand. A Wel lington paper says: — A few ovonings ago a young lndy, who occupies tho samo slooping npnrtmont (but not tho samo hod) with a youngor sister, hnd rotirod to bod shortly beforo midnight. Tho younger sistor had boen asleep for some timo. Tho oldor sister's bed stood in front of a window, nt somo littlo distnnco from it ; a chair stood botwoon tho hod und the window. Tho young lady wns lying on hor sido, with hor face to tho window, on tho point of dropping oil' to sloop, and, as sho avers, without tho remotest thought of ghost or goblin crossing hor mind, when suddonly sho beeamo aware of something liko a dim shadow being cast across her oyos ; sho started and turned quickly round to find hor- solf confronted by a tall gentleman, drossod in a blnck coat and trousers, wonring a white wnist- cont with black spots, nnd gloves on his hands, half loaning ovor her. His figure nnd features wore clonrly limnod against tho window, and sho instantly rocognisod tho fnco of n gentleman formerly n rosidont of Wellington, deconsod somo twelvo months ago. Hor look was only moment ary, hut it wns olonr; nnd filled with terror, sho screamed ropeatodly to hor sister, who nftor somo littlo timo awoke. Tho ghost disappeared at ttio first sound of hor voico, und sho was too much agitatod to soo which way it wont. Tho youngor sistor nsked what wns tho matter; tho older sister ropliod by desiring her to como into tho other bod, and she would toil the ennso of hor tronblo in tho morning. Having lain down bo- Bido her, tho youngor sistor continued to press tho elder with questions ns to whnt sho had soon or hoard, nt last nsking hor whether sho had not soon n man in tho room. To this tho oldor ro pliod thnt sho had, whon tho younger rejoined, "Thon I know who it wns; it wns Mr. ," mentioning tho namo of tho vory man whom hor sistor hnd soon. Much surprised, tho older asked, " Did you soe him too, thon ?" "No," snid tho younger; "but whilo I wns asloop tho improssion wns borno vividly on my mind that ho was in tho room." On boing snbsoquontly questioned how sho enmo to think that tho mnn sho nnmod was in tho room, alio said sho could not toll, nnd had not thought of him boforo sinco his death; but soomod to know intuitivoly thnt ho wns prosont without fooling tho alarm that wns oxhihitod by hor sistor. IIolloway's Pills. — Woaknoss nnd Dobility. — Unless tho blood bo. kept in a puro stalo, tho constitution must bo wonkonod, and disonso Riiporvctio. Thoso wondorful pills possess t.ho power of neutralising nnd romoving nil contami nations of tho blood and systom generally. They qnintly but certainly overeomo nil obstructions tonding to produco ill health, nnd institute rogulnr notions in organs that nro faulty from dorangomont or debility. Tho dyspoptic, weak, and nervous may roly on theso pills as their best frionds nml comforters. Thoy improve tho nppotito and thoroughly invigorato tho digostivo nppnratus. IIolloway's pills havo long been known to bo the surest preventives of liver complaints, droudful dropsies, spasms, colic, constipation, nnd many other disonsos nhvays hovering round tho fooble and infirm, Tiif. Shortest Day.— A hot was mndo at Guild ford tho other day ns to tho shortost dny this year, and Mr. Ellery, tho Government nstronomer, "was appealed to, and (says tho M. A. Mail) gavo tho following roply :— " I bog to inform you that tho shortest dny this yoar was on thol22nd of Juno. It varies n littlo from ono yoar to another, but only a fow seconds. In 1867, 1868, nnd 1869 it enmo on tho 21st. It depends on tho sun's docliuation, and that body doos not roaoh its greatost north declination nt tho same timo overy yoar. The diffbronco botiveen tho length of tho day on tho 21st und 22nd was five or six soconds." BERKELEY, September, 1809 — Gentlemen, I fcol It a doty I owe to you to express my gratit'de for the great benefit I have de rived by taking Norton's Camomile Pills' I applied to yonr agent, Mr. lleil, Heikclcy, for the abovenamed Pills, for wind la tho stomach, from which I snPcrcd excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, Hut without deriving nay benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valu ablo Pills 1 was quite restored to my usual stato of health, PIo&so; give this publicity for tho benefit »»f those who may bo thus afflicted. — I am. sir, yours truly, Hknrt Allpass.— To the proprietors of NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS." 