T, KO IGI SLAND.114EASW • q?.Rev:E.Fllerhe idlyf. ihdu 3r? llsssegl Olrstee) with tome addIitional partioularo of hi labouro at this spot, from the date of our last roereoce thereto. Since that time he has eontinuod holding eehool among the motives. About five weeks e?go a tolerably g~ood number were romped at the mihoin;, but on Pebroary 5 the blacks hold a cors horse, when they were joined by blanks irons the maieland. On tat day there were about 100 pre sent, sod oh the follewleg Sunday, in the evening, Mr. Puller was left all alone, for the blanks belonging to the mission went off with the mob. They are now gong about ths island, iomsthing like a circus, andI hoding eerroborees at the various eampiug-places of the natives ; and from that time to this only two hare been attending school. Of theme one can rood tolerably well in the New Testament. Several, after festering the alphabet, and just beginning to read ini the Testament, have left for ether pat of the island. Of them it aertainly may he saed, "they lore to rum," for ju no one partleolar spot of the island do they seem to stay for any length of time more than wher~e the mnissoln is boasted. This is their crossing pines from the moinland. On the other elde thene is street from Msryhnooeuh to the water's edge. The natives ensue there and light signal fires, when those huom the island go across in their hurt canoes and feteh them over. On lea other aide of the island there is a plane they salthe "Wow counutry,"? or "Salt-water," where the mussels or nockles, and kulbhine, Arc., are said to be .-ery pleutlfel a yet even there thay di not stay for any length of time. As a rule, therefore, the mi~ssionary can depend only upon those whom he eon foreish with employ ment, and supply with retionue .the othere wander a~bout, of naesetmty, in searut of food. The one native that is toying with him new has been stationary for about three months e he ale as rook, and is alsoa sort of eullegue, as he auslistsin the school by esplain-. lag to the other nativese the meaning of the soriptoro illustamtious, &ce4; whish are sometitmes shewn to t'hem. H?e moo speak very good REnglish, as well a- read' tolerably wells he is a young men, and eannot very well ran away with the other blanks, as he has a bud lgthat aninost impades his walking about. Mr. Wailer hadnother native employed working with him en a piece of ground that hae iotcltivatlng, but him he we obliged .to. discharge some time bank for avant of sufficient rations. Supplies have, however, since been forwarded from Maryborough, Roethampton, Ens. bane, and Ipswioh, for wrhiel, the utmost gretitude is f£entvsa euvr od of singing, and, when one? or two eon be got together, they are taught toesing in then? naitie language "Come to Jesus,"' or "Iseuu died for me,". Ae., and they will sing when they eon-. not be .induce to do anything else. They area laughter-low'ng people ; the least thing starts theme off. A. trifling mistake et echnol, or other trisial souse, toet them off at once, and they are often soon beughing and singing under privuteons that would make. a whfite man groan.. T'here was one woman that for sumes enonsidereble time woufld out let her son ettendechool, even after he ha lesret his slpl'shet, and woe beginning to road in the Testament. Eel, resonu for keepioghim bank woo unknown, hut one day one of the other scholars re tu.rned from Maryberough and informed the rest t h~at 5tlentlamsan up hor hd given him two shillings ho ?-ue~hooud~radalittle in a hook. Ths news apaeutlyr unlocked the old ledy's heart, and else tlhen pemtted~hir son to attend school, thinking evidently tstflaew woe something to be made out of it. 4.* ruts they_ leers _jost m quickly to the whites, eqpeeislly when young. Mr. Fuller is making some -.n the native langeoge, which ensblrs him le eipit'm to ?the natives--when they are reading--the sunmning of the words in their own langeage. Some of Lbs natives have some very curions ?oetisne, end are very anpeerniltious. The black who is ot th'o mission now asserts that his uncle, whs is a doctor among the natives, sonnet be killed; he says he will never die, and that ha nan fly likene bird, or dive undpr greosd and_ osome sot at some enonsidereble distance. lie also has a theory about the existence of numerous ghoest, (celled Mother) on the island, and has promised to shew them to Mr. Puller guoms night shea he roe yet usotio, Fel'?z Co uccempooje Ai m. As regards sultivating the soil, all attempts in this line have hitherto proved a falenr. Necarly every thing that was planted--suob as maime, potatoos, cob begs, asrrute, onlens, lsttuce, radish, mustard and aeas, pumpkins, melons, Are.-came up, but having go~t th~eir heads shore ground the eight of Fraser's Island sesmed to frighten them, and thoy declined ensuing any further,, except the snaice and potatoes. The latter ell ran away to top, and left nothin at the root. T~he maize grew' up to about half its usual height (and in many instances only about a quarter), and then made a show for coca, hut tho cobs aroema~l and good foe nothing. Mr. Fuller has seat as specimens of the plants &c-.;, after heing three or four mouths in the ground, the stunted condition of which is very remarkable. We have also received from him samples of the two kinds of soil of which the whole issand seema to ha comt pscd--ooe, a light silvery sand, is that whieh chiefly abounds ;and another, apparently coasistisg of de composed limestone and organic matter, found only to the swamps. Its appearance betokeas extruords nary richness, and the cause of its blighting effect on vegetation boo yet is ha found nut. It is probably due ts insolfficiet eitration and want of drainage. A drain two feot sir inches decp baa now been dug reound the ground, aed the soil has heen once more stirred and replanted, to give it another trial. Some of the beds have bees manured--a very unneceesary addition, we should imagine. Some shrubs and placts from Use Botanical Gardens, Brisbane, heve likewise been planted in both soils, of which a portion seem to he doing well, whilst eth?ers are dying off'. I f the soil fails altogether, Mr. Bailer intends, if he can get a bout, to turn his attention to the sea, sad if poosible do eJawethiag in the fishing line, Per he roceideroe that there ought to boa sniseiou en Praser'e Island, whatever may he dubs elsewhere, en aecount. of the number ef natives constantly resorting there. But enlese soaae mcane can be devised foatempleying the natives, so as to put a seop to their wandsrnags, moth success in Ohristianising or cisiising them can hardly be expected. 