Narrow Escape from a Dreadful Death. — The,' Wagg-a Advertiser* of Saturday says : — A narrow escape from a frightful fate was experienced yesterday morning by a man on caired at a butcheriner establishment in town in attending to a sausage-machine. The maohino, a very large one, is worked by a horse, and the animal, being frightened by a child who was standing by, commenced 'o gallop round the enclosure. The man rushed to stop him, but in doing so part of his cloth ing canght in in tho teeth of the maohine, and then ensued a frightful struggle to prevent himself being drawn into the maohine and made literally mincemeat of. Bis clothes were torn into ribbons, and in another moment he would have shared their fate, when his pieroing screams having attraoted attention, the maohine was stopped, and he was rescued from his perilous position, considerably dilapi dated and half dead with fright, but without a scratch. ' A Colonist' asks for our opinion as to ' whothor it is right that a O.P.S. should bo a soorotary, qf a rnoing olnb.' Woll, our. ppiniop is that, as 'a gene ral riilo,' it ia' not advisable that govornmont1 servants'— ? should- nndortuko suoh offices; however, if their publio offioinl duties are properly performed, and their superiors do not objoot, ? thorp is no ronl obstacle in the way .of their becoming secretaries of Turf Olnbs, Jco., &o.; Wo learn thnt 80 tons ..from tlie Dawn, prospec tors (Smith nnd .party), - havo been crttshod nt the: ' Co 1 1 n toss of Bslmore machino, on the south side of tbo river, for '88 ozs. 13 dwts. of gold (melted). ! Now Mining 'Appliance.- — The 'Ofcago Daily Times' says that a novel appliance for lessehiu'g labor ' in keeping' claims Jree front ' water is now being successfully used by Alex- ' andor and party, on the west bank of tho ? Molynuux, near Clyde, Otago New Zealand. , 'Instead of the ordinary pump .worked by. hand or water power, a stroritr tnctal pipe; . measuring about 20 feet in length, and having a diameter- of about six ? inciios, is adjusted upon wooden bearers' in a slanting position ovor tho paddock to bo drained. To. an open ing in the bottom of this' pipe' another pipe is firmly joiutud, iucliijing buck nt an angle' sufficient t,6 allow of its end resting on the ' bottom of tlio puddook. Connectod with tho principle pipe is a strong canvas boso,.down which a current of wator desoquds, and pas sing through, issues at tlie mouth of tho pipe.' ' In its course, by a well understood principle in hydraulics, it forms a vacuum in the second pipe, and the wuter at tho bottom of the pad dock. is thus Bucked up and discharged with the current flowing -through the principle pipe. The appliance is thus entirely self acting, works day and night if required, and by its very simplicity, reduces to minimum the constant delays and evponse eutailed by the wear and tear of ordinary pumping , maohinery. With some Blight modifications as to gauge and angle of pipes and of fall of water, ?. it seems quite possible to perform by the means here described, at a very moderate outlay, all the work now doue in open claims by the heaviest pumps aud water wheels. The : idea was very successfully nfilisod on a large scale some years ago at Melbourne, in tho . . Yarra river improvements, where the immense pressure of the Yan Yean was made available. The French Siego,' of Paris.- — A telegram' received in- New York, dated May 23rd, gives some particulars of the entry of Versailles troops itito Paris, from which it would seem very little opposition was offered to their progress. The' telegram is as follows — 'All ' is over; 70,000 Versaillists have entered, and more are now coming. They inarched in all night through six gates, meeting slight resistance. The barricades wore not defended and no mines exploded. Yovsnillists are now . moving npon tho Hotel de Ville, whore the Communists will make a stand. Tho Versuil lists behaved splendidly, _ committing no excessos. The Versailles army have occupied Paris, with head-quarters at the now Opera House. Cissy's head-quarters are on' the south of the Seine, at the Ecole Militaire. Thero was a groat explosion this afternoon near the Esplanade of the Iuvalides, Tho. barricades of the Hotel de Ville still hold out, but the iusnrgents are discouraged. This is the only point they now hold, and it is ex pected that everything will bo over to-day. 1 p.m. — A terrible explosion has just oeonrred in the centre of Paris, probably at tho Hotel de Ville.' According to our telegram via Suez, dated 9th June, all was not then ovor tho fighting was most desperate, 30,000 peo ple were killed and wounded in the streets of Paris, summary executions were frequent, and so far from there being ' no excesses,' it is stated that the English papers have published accounts of atrocities committed by the Government troops. Horrors of Drunkenness.- — It is reported from Wagga by the ' Advertiser' of the 15th instant, that a man named Ryan, who in a fit of delirium tremens had walked into the river, has mado another desperate eflbrt to destroy himself. Ryan is a very powerful man, weighiug fully sixteen stone, and so furious cv were his struggles that it took about a dozen men to carry him to the look-up. Here he was accommodated with a straight- waistcoat aud a cell where, mad and violent as he was, lie wus locked up aud left to his reflections. - - Early ou Thursday morning the attention of tlie lockup-keeper wns attracted by a thud ding sort of noiso as of heavy blows against tho door or wall of the cell. Not liking to open the cell single-handed he seut off for a constnble, on whose arrival the door was opened, when a horrible sight presented itself. The cell wa9 like a slaugh tor-house, bespattered with blood in every direction, and in a pool of blood near the door lay the wretched lunatic senseless and . with his head uuttoruu annual, iu jniiy. xiu uuu uruwioa, is seems, from his bed to a sitting posture against the wall, and there hammered the back of his head against tho wall uutill he fell stunned and stupefied through loss of blood. The Doctor .was at once sent for, aud Ryan was securely strapped down on his bed, where he hns remained ever sinco in n state almost of coma. The unfortunate man's frieuds at Sebnstopol, where he has been mining for many yeurs,- have boon comtnoni- ? cated with, and yosterday tho Messrs. Rich, wo believe came in and arrauged for men to watch him through tho night. He is in a very proo.u-ious state. ADuelling Anecdote. — Two Spanish ofilcors met to fight a duel, outsido the gate3 of Bilboa, after the seconds had failed to recon cile tho belligerents. ' We wish to fight — to .fight to the douth,' they replied to the representations of their companions. At this moment, a poor follow, looking like the ghost of Romeo's apothecary, approached tho seconds, and in a lamentable voico said, ' Gentlemen, I tun a poor artizan, with a large family, and would ? ' 'My good man, don't trouble us now,' cried ono of the officers, ' don't you soe that my friends are going to engage oaoh other ? We are not in a Christian humor.' ' It is not alms I ask for,' said the man ; ' I am a poor oar penter, with eight children, and my wife is ill ; and, having hoard that those gentlemen woro about to kill each other, I thought of asking you to lot me make the coffins.' At these words the Individuals about to com mence the combat burst into a loud fit of. laughter, and simultaneously throwing down their swords, shook hands with each other, and walked away. , - Sentiment in the.Moss-room- — Plunger (re posing) : By Jove!. Promotion by mowit,. Whqt a dog wading ideaw ! — 'Judy.' 