DBA YTOS. [FIIOM OUR OWN CORKKSFONDENT.] The nomination of aldermen and auditors to serve in the Municipal Council in the room of Messrs. Holton and Doyle, retiring aldermen, and Messrs. Schwilk and Hub, retiring auditors, took place in the Town Hall ou Tuesday last, the Mayor (Mr Allen) presiding. There was about the largest number of ratepayers present on the cceasion ever witnessed before, and, after reading the advertise ment calling the meeting, the following nominations were read by the Mayor :— For aldermen « Messrs. James Houston, sent'., Joseph Rtth, Patrick Holton, George Whittaker, John llyan, William Farquhar son, and Henry Neale. For auditors: Messrs. Gnstav Schwilk, John Higgius, and James Jull. More than the number required in either case being nominated, the Mayordeclared a poll to take place on Tuesday, the 14th instant, commencing at 9 o'clock a.m. and terminating at 4 o'clock p.m. the same day. The official part of the proceedings having termi nated, the Reluruuig-Ofucer called upon the candi dates to address the meeting. Mr Houston said he was proud to see so many ratepayers present; such was a good iudex of the interest taken in municipal affairs. He was deter mined, if elected an alderman, to see carefully after the outside interests, as he found there were plenty of aldermen always ready to attend to the interests of the town. He was sorry to say that the Council was not carrying on the business it was entrusted with after a fair fashion ; it wanted uew life infused into it, and he could tell them that if elected he would do all be could for the general interests. (Hear, hear). Mr Hub said, if elected, he would not say what he would do, but would be no party man. Mr Holton was requested by many ratopiyers to come forward, [t was his fourth time before the electors, and he was happy to Bay he had been twice successful. He entered the Council the last time pledged to get a good supply of water for the town, and he got it, though he regretted to say he was opposed by some aldermen who made like promises to himself. He was not a party man, and if elected should do his best for the town without fear or favor. (Hear, bear). Mr Whittaker aaid it was his first time coming before the ratepayers. He was certainly an untried man, but were it not that he intended to withdraw from tiie mutest— as there were so many in the field of the same princniles—liewtuld decidedly see after Hie interests of the large body of ratepayers on the outskirts of the municipality, who were totally ne glected. He begged to withdraw from the con test. Mr Ryan did not care about making big promises; men things were, in his 'pinion, foolish, but he would lay that, if elected, he would do bis best. Mr Davis returned thanks for Mr Neale, which concuded the spouting. I understand that since the nomination Messrs. Farquharaon and Ryan have withdrawn, so that the contest now lies between Messrs. Houston and Hol ton on one side, as against Messrs. Neale and Rub on the other. Though some bets are laid as to the ' result of the polling, any one with half an eye can easily see that Messrs. Houston and Holton must win. The contest will, however, I believe, be a close one between the two just named and Mr Neale, Mr Rub not having the ghost of a chance. 