HIDDEN TREASTJIUS.-T H li MYSTERIOUS TALLOW CHANDLER. Two " housebreakers" wore brought up last week, at Greenwich, who told such an odd but satisfactory story that thoy were at once released. Of all places in the world tho Crown and Sceptre is the centre of this " talo of romaneo and m ? stery." Whitebait not wonders and supernatural visitations-havo hitherto formed the stuple of that amphibious hos- telry ; but henceforward it possesses n. ghost of its own, and will be licensed to retail spiritual nc well as spirituous articles. The proprietor, it seems, was informed by a neighbour on tho provious Sunday evening, that two -suspicious individuals had been seen to enter tho empty houBO adjoining his premises. "Mine host" proceeded to tho spot, and thero dis- covered a couple of npisunitly guilty miscreants ono holding open a cell. i door, and the othor grop- ing about in tho gloom hko another Guido Fawkes. The nocturnal visitant» refused to furnish any account of themselves, »nd were straightway given into custody. Next duy, when they were brought beforo tho bench, they gavo their names and addresses like honest people ; while thor appear- ance, for from being burglarious, was extremely respectable. What did they, then, nt that dark hour upon tha premises adjoining tho Crown and Sceptre? Ono of the two, a Mr. Richard Ball, spoko up for himself and his companion, Mr. Samuel Savage. He explained to the majesty of justice, that tho houso which they wero accused, in the stern phraseology of the indictment, of "entering for an unlawful purpose," had formerly been occupied by his grandfather and father, who carried on there together the business of tallow chandlery. " When my father died," the prisoner Baid, " his last words to us were, ' Look under the stairs ; thero you will find a lot of money.' " This remnrkuble observation appears to have bee» neglected at tho time-wh-.thor becauso tho dying chandler was otherwise incoherent, or becauso filial feelings .vorwhelmed the eon, we nro not informed. _ But latterly a strange nnd repeated monition'hud como to Mr. Ball, junior. For several nights tho spirit of his sire had appeared, and pronounced the omphatio words, "Under tho stairs !" Once and twico the vision haunted Mr. Kichurd Ball in vain ; but when it carno tho third timo, liko a modern Hamlet ho took counsol with his Horatio, Mr. Samuel Savage, nnd tho two deter- mined upon action. On the supposition that the empty house door would be found merel» latched, they resolved to "have a look ;" and, accordingly, when the Greenwich folk were quiet, and the dusk had fallen, tho two friends repaired to the deserted tenement, and proceeded lo roako an examination. At that thrill- ing moment tho landlord of tho Crown and Sceptre stepped in ; so that it i», as yet, impossible to say whethor tho ghost's word was worth anything. Tho truth of tho prisoner's statement as to the demise of the tallow chandler being confirmed, both tho accused were at once discharged. Out of common respect for public curiosity, tho search must now bo prosecuted ; for, though tho stairs in question are removed, their situation ia known, or perhaps the ghost WOB indifferent to such a detail, and spoke, as Mr. Disraoli would say, "historically." On tho otbor thoory, if ho was but a visionary impostor, the midnight product of an indigestible suppor, the saonor ho is laid the botter for ull believers in super- natural visitants. 