MIR MIDSHIIPM1AN BREEZY. A NAVAL OFFICER. BY CAPTAIN 31--RY-T, B.N. Chapter L My father was a north-country surgeon. He haed retired, a twidower Crol Iher Majesty's navy years beflor,, and hbd a small practice in hii native villuge. W\hen I was even ) ears old lie er, ploy, d Ile to carry medicines to hi. patileto.. Behig I1 a lively disl.sition, I eroun tive. amuedl myself, during my daily rulndk, by mixing the contents of the different phiuli. Althoagh I had no reason to doubt that the general result of this practico was beneficial, yet, as the dePth of a consuml tive curate followed the aldition If a strong mercurial lotion to his exiectoralt, my lather concluded to withdraw me frflm the profession and selndl m to lschool. Grubbine, the schoullmaster, was a tyrant, and it was not long before my impetuous and erlf- willetd nature rebell d against his authority. I soon began to form Ilans of resenge. In this I was r.sisted by Tool Snoffle,-a scboulelluw. On1e day Tom suggested : "Suppose we we low him up. I've got two pounds of powder I" " No, that'b too ui.ay," I rollied. Tom wae ? llnt for a m?nlute,anld again spoke:- " You rememnber how you flaittned out the curate, Pills! Couldn't you gihe Grubbine somaething-omlluething to make him leathery aick-e-lh?" A flblt of inspiration crossed my mind. I ment to tho shop of the village apothecary. lie knew me ;I hod ultle purchased vitriol, whlich I poured ilto Grubbine's Ihlktand to corrode his polns and born ulhis coat tail, on whicl Ie was int the hlbit of wiping themi. I boldly asked for al ounce of chlorolordld. Thle young altultlecary wiukd and handed ieo thu bottle. It was Grublbin' custom to throw his handkerchiel over hiis ialld, rechine in tils Chlair aid take a shabort al during recess. Watching my opportunity, as be dozed, I managed-to lip his handkerchbief from his face and substitute my own, moistened with chloroform. In a few minutes be was insensible. Toae and I then quickly shaved his head, beard, and eyebrows, blackened his lace with a mixture of vitrol and burnt cork, and fled. There was a row and scandal the next dlay. My father' excused me by asserting tIh.t Grabbins had got drunk,-but somehow found it convenient to procure me an alppolintment in her Majesty's navy at en early day. Cha;.ter II. An official letter, .with the Admir.alts e il, informed cme that I was expert'd to join ll.M. ship Belcher, Captate Bultrope, at Portsmouth, withoutdelar. In a few days I presented myself to a tall, stern ri-aged man, who was slowly pacing tli leeward side of the quartcr-'leek. As I touchled my ihat be eyed me steroly: "So ho! Another young cackling. The servive is going to tie devil. Nothing but babes in the cockpit and grannies in tee board. Boatewain's mate, pass the wordl for Mr Cheek I" MAr Cheek, the steward, apprard and touched his hat. " Introduce Mlr Brezt to the young gentlemen. Stop! WherL's Air Swizzlel" " At the manthrad, sir." "W \ere'sM r Lankey ?" " At the masthelad, sir." " lIr Briggs ?" "Masthead, too, sir." " And the rest ofthe young gentlemen ?" roared the enraged officer. " All masthead, sir." "Abh I" said Captain Boltrope, as he mtlled grimly, " under the circumstances, MIr Breezy, you hbad better go to the mast bead, too.' Chapter nIt. At the mastaead I mnade the acquaint ance cf two youngsters of about my own age, one of whom informed ,e that he bad beern there three hundred and thirty two day' out oft the year. " In rough weather, when the old ctck is out of sorn, you know, we never come duen," added a young gentleman of nine years, with a disk nearly a- long Ls hi, - self, aiho had bten intro.luced to me as Mr Briggs. " By the way, Pills," he continued, " how did you come to omit gisile tl.e eapl, in a naval sslate?' '"'Whv, I touched my hat," I said, innecently. " Yee, but that is n't enough, )ou know. That will do very well at other times. He expects the naval ealute aseni you first comeon board--greeny .!" I b, gan to Ie la lasrned, and begged hiam to extlain. S\Whts, you sae, after touching your bat, you should have touched him lightly aitb your lore-finger in his waistcoat, so, and asked. 'How a his nil,?'-?vu see I" " Hw's ' his nibs! "I repeated. , Exactly. He would have drawn back a little, and then you shouldl have repeated the salute, remarking, 'How's his royal nibs!' asking cautiously alt, r his wile and tamilay, and reque-ting to be introduced to the gunner's daughter." "T'l'ie guoner's daughter?" " The same; yons know she lakes care of us young gentlemen; now don't forget, Pillsy I ' When we were called down to the deck I thought it a good chance to Irofit by this instruetion. I approached Captain Boltrope and repeated the salute awithout conscientiously omitting a single detail. He retrained for a time livid and speechlss. At lentgth he ga-'peI ant "Bunt-wain's mate !" " II )ou leae, sir," Iasked, tremulous ly, "Ishould like to be iltroduced to the gunner's daughter!" " O. very good, .sir !" screamed Bolt rope, .rubbing his hands and absolutely capering about tih dleck nitll rage. "0, d-n you! UOf course you shalll O ho0 the gunner's daI.gIhter 1 O, h-l' this i too much ! Boatswain's mate I" Before I well knew where I waa, I was seized, borne to ant eight pounder, tied upon itand flogged I Chialpter lY. As we sat together in toe cockpit, pick ing thte weevils out of our biscuit, Briggs consoled me for my late ribhabp, adding that the " nasal salute," as a custom, ,een.ed just then to be honored more in the breach thanin the ob ervencr. I joined in the hilarity occasioned by the .itticirau, and int a few moments we were oll friends. Presently Swizzle turned to me: " We heiejust been planning how to confi-cute a keg of claret, which Nips, the purser, keel s under hi, bunk. Tl.e old nit cheese lies there drunk hali the day, and there's Ia,. g-tting at it." " Let's get beneatih then aite-room and bore through the deck, and so tap it," said Lakey. The lropositi n was received with a shout ofd ap louse. A long half-inch auger and bhit wtas iprcured from Chip, the car pent- r's mate, and Swizzle, anOer a carelul exaomination of the timbers be,.eaLt thse wardroom, coimn,.enced operations. The aug, r at Inst disal,,earedt, when suddenly tl.ere was a silgl.t disturbunce on the deck above. Swizzle atithdrew t!.e anger hur riedly ; from its point a few red drops trickled. " Iluota ! send tl r up. again !" cried Lankey. The auger wa again nlapliedl. This time a shriek waf Iearrdl troia the puraer'; cabin. Ilnstantly the light was doudl, aad the parlty retreated hurriedly to tle eockpir. A sounl of' snoring ?ta heardl aOs thI ae?ltra otock his hlaul into the dour. " All eight, .ir' hel rellied in. anseter to the vlice ,t te officer ol the lck. l'Thle next ariraiitc we heard t,,nt Nips ia in lte eurgeoa'a hands, .iith a bal sasfl that thu uoger bad not atrock claret. Chapter v. "'Now, Pill', you'll have a chancn to smeall iosdler," said Briggs, as he etlterel the cockpit and buckled around his waist an enoraious cutlass. " \\\Wo have just siglht d a Frenchl ship.'" We swent on deck. Capltain Boltr'dpe grinnm d as we touched our hats. He hated the purser. " Come, young gentlemen, if .vou're boring Ior Frenchl claret, yonader's good qulityi Mlind your con, sir, "he adldedl, turning to the quarter.oaster, wbo was grinning. The ship was already cleared for action, the maen, in their eagerness, fiand started the coffree from the tubs and filledl tleom withl shot. Presently tlhe Freinchmlama yawed, alid a shot from a long thirty.two came .kilping over the water. It killed the quarter-raaster and look off both of1 L.ankey's lhg.. "Tell the plrser our ae. count as squaored," said the dying boy, with a fea-blo snilie. Thel fight raged fiercely for two hlours. I raeaaemhor killing thu Prench Admiral, as we boarded, but on looking around for Bri-gg, nlter the smoke had cleared anwas, a 1 was intinselv amused at wilneseing the I olloaiing novel sight:- I Briggs had lpinned the French caplain c ,gainst the mast wills his cutlass, and was [ now engaged, with allithel hilarity of youtla in pulling thie caltain's coal-tails, in imi- a tation of a dancing-jack. As tha Frenoch. t nian lilted ai logs and araus, at each jerk at at Brigg's, I could not toll participatitag t in the genaral mirth. "You oug dovil awhalatareyou doing?'" said a stifled voice behind me. I looked up and beheld Cptain .Boltrope, endeavoring to calmn hiastern feature:, butthe twitching around his mouth betrayed his intense en joyment of the scene. "Go to the mast head-up with you, sir!" ' he repeated sternly to Brigg.. "Very good, sir,~ said the boy, coolly preparing to mount the h.:oud'. "Good bh,', Johnny Crlpaud. Ilumph "! he ;:hldd, in a roue intended for mg ear. "a pretty way to treat a hero The service is going to the devil!" I thought so too. Chapter vi. We were ordered to the West Indies. Although Captain lloltrope's manner to. ward me was still severe, and even harsh, I underrtood that my name had been lavorbble mentioned in the despatches. Reader, were you ever at Jamaica? If so, you remember the negresses, the oranges, Port Royal Tom the sellow fever. After being two weeks at the sta tion, I was taken siek of the lever. In a month I was delirious. During my paroxyms, I had a wild distempered dream of a stern face bending anxiously over my pil'ow; a rough hand smoothing my hair, and a kind voice saying : "Bless his 'Ittle heart! Did he have the naughty fever r This face seemed again to change to the well-known stern features of Captain Boltrope. When I was convalescent, a packet edged in black was put in my band. It contained the news of my father's death, and a sea!ed letterwhich he had requested to be given to. me on his decease. 1 opened it tremblingly. It read thus c " My deor Boy:-I regret to inform you that in all probability you are not my son. Your mother,- I am grieved to say, was a highly improper person. Who your father may be, I really cannot say, but perhaps the Honorable Henry Bol trope may be able to inform you. Cir cumstances over which I have no control have deferred this important disclosure. SYaioLR StrICKCxe P.R:ex." And so Captain Boltrope was my father. Heavens ! Was it a dream 1 I recalled his stern manoer, his observant eye, his ill-concealed uneasiness when in my presence. I longed to embrace him. S:sggering to my feet, I rushed in my scanty apparel to the deck, where Captain Bltorpe was just then engaged in re oeiving the Governor's wife and daughter. The ladies shrieked; the youngest, a beautiful girl, blushed deeply. IHeeding them no', I sank at his feet, and, em bracing them, cried: " My father t' " Chuck him overboard rI roared Cap. tain Boltrope. "Stay," pleaded the soft voice of Clara Maitland, the Governor's daughter. "Sbhave his head! he's a wretched lunatic "r' continued Captain Boltrope, while his voice trembled with excitement. "No, let me nurse and take care of him," said the lovely girl; blushing as she spoke "Mamma, can't we take him home 1' The daughter's pleading was not with out effect. In the meantime I had fainted. When I recovered my senses I found myself in Governor Maitlaud's man sion. Chapter vtu. THE reader will guess that followed. I fell deeply in love with Clara Maitland, to whom I confided the secret of my birth. -The generous girl asserted that she had detected the superiority of my manner at once. We plighted our troth, and resolved to wait upon events. .Briggs called to see me a few days afterward. He said that the parser had insulted the whole cockpit, and all the midshipmen had called him out. Rut he added thoughtfully: "I don't see bow we can arrange the duel. Yoi see there are six of us to fight him." "Very easily," I replied. ILet your fellows all stand in a row, and take his fire; that, you see, gives him'six chances to oue; while, on the other hind, you see, he gets a volley from you se and one of you'll be certain to fetch him" "Exactly ;" and away Brggs went,but soon returned to say that the purser had declined.-`-like a d-d Coward,'" he added. But the news of the sud n and serious illness of Captain Boltro put off the duel. I hastened to his b side, but too late,-au hour previous h had given up the ghost. I resolved to return England. I made known the secret my birth, and exhibited my adopted ather's letter to Lady Maitland, who at ce suggested my marriage with her dau ter, before I re turned to claim the pro erty. We were married, and took ore departure next day. I made no delay in osting at once, in company with my w and my friend Briggs, to my native v Ilge. Judge of my horror and surprise w n my late adopted father came out of hi shop to welcome me. '"Then you are not ead I" I gasped. " No, my dear boy. '" And this letter 1 'My father-- as I mjet still call him glanced on the paper, nd pronounced it a forgery. Briggs roard with laughter. I turned to him and lemanded an ex planation. " Why, don't you ee, Greeny, it's all a joke,-a midahipmans joke I" " But--" l asked. I " " Don't be a fool. You've got a good wife,-he satisfied." I turned to Clara and was satisfied. Although frs M?aitla d never forgave me, the jolly old Gover r laughed heartily over thejoke, and so vell used his influ ence thati seon beca h , dear reader, Ad miral Breezy, KC.3B. 