BRISBANE. { FROM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT. ] March 28. 1871. IN accordance .with the advertisement, referred Jp in my last, Mr. Pring addressed a meeting of his constituents, in the School of Arts, on the evening of last Tuesday. Like a good many more, t attended, and, on . the whole, enjoyed the entertainment. If the possessor of great qualities is a great man, Mr. Pring can un doubtedly lay claim to that' envied title. His self-assertion alone transcends anything I ever saw. Add to this his consummate coolness iu deportment and dogmatism in argument— both qualities in the highest possible degr-e of development — and you will still be far short of the mighty whole. These qualities in a state of nature are imposing, but when developed by a coarse of legal training they positively overwhelm o-ie. The common sense of the audience is taken by storm, and they cheer and laugh in themostpromiscuous manner, according as they are invited by the manner of the speaker. Mich, at any rate, seemed the only plausible explanation of the conduct of both on last Tuesday evening. Mr. Pring stamped ? . and perspired, and generally frothed over like an uncorked porter bottle, the audience admir ing, cheering, and vociferating. Mr. Pring believed he was the best man who could have been chosen the Gold Fields Commission, or he would never have offered himself. In accept ing it he had done tl.e country a service, and would himself be out of pocket when it was finished. He bad never forfeited his seat, and if the members of the. House have their heads screwed on properly they will never decide that i he has. The Express said he had ; it bad wounded him behind his back. He looked upon the Express as a rag ; it was unworthy of notice, and so on ad lib., winding up with a defiance to the audience generally, and to Mr. O'Carrol, of the Express, by name, to answer 1 what he had said. Mr. O'Carrol began a reply, was interrupted o-jce or twice by Mr. Pring, persevered, and was finally put down by that gentleman claiming tbe meeting as his. The irrepressible orator then winningly suggested to the audience that one of th&m; might wish to propose a motion, and several other hints to the same effect were thrown out by the chair man (Mr. Lilley), but the audience failed to see it, and dispersed without even an expres sion of confidence. The witchery of tbe speaker's voice had ceased, and the audience felt tbat they bad been made fools of. Should Mr. Prings seat be declared vacant, and he again contest it, as he said be would, his opponent, I fear, will gain more advantage than himself from Tuesday'sdiep'.ay. The same date was further rendered remark able by a peculiar case which for some con siderable time occupied the attention of the Police Court. It arose out, of a cowardly assault committed at the Australian Hotel noon a strangtr boarding there, whose only offence seemed to consist in his being a Jew. Six gentlemen (?) —three of them Civil Ser vants, three Bank clerks — met there, and all being excited, began to conduct themselves as drunken people often do- The ' gentlemen' in question soon discovered an object for the exercise of their jocosity in Mr. Harris Levi Nelson, now staying in Brisbane as the repre sentative of the Sydney creditors in the assigned estate of Lawrence and Co. While writing at a table in the public room, that gentleman was struck on tbe cheek with a piece of bread, and made tbe subject of imper tinent remarks when he remonstrated. The result was a general row, which was only ter minated by the arrival of the landlord. Mr. Nelson at once obtained the names of his assailants, aud threatened them with legal proceedings. Four of them, to avoid the dis grace of exposure, satisfied Mr. .Nelson by writing him ietteis of apology and making a donation of £1 Is. each to the Hospital. Two others, named respectively Wm. Adams, of the Joint Stock Bank, and Wm. Stewart, of the Union, defended an action successfully. The ground upon which it was dismissed was the impossibility of identifying i#e defendants with . the actually guilty parties. Whoever these parties were, the lesson they have re ceived will probably impress upon their minds the danger attending such displays of humor sufficiently deeply to prevent their recurrence. Men with properly consiracted -minds generally remember without such aids that 'joking with hands is tbe wit of blackguards.'' One row naturally suggests another, though not necessarily of the same character. The one to which I now refer is at present compara tively iu embryo, and is, indeed, essentially of a moral, if not religious, character. It arises, to come to the point at once, from the rumored defection of a Presbyterian clergyman to tbe Episcopalian ranks, whose church is not a hundred miles from Wickham terrace. and has, of course, created intense in dignation among his people. Towards the.end of last week, the rumour gaining currency, a deputation traced it to its source, and was by it or (him) referred to an Episcopalian clergy man in town as hi£ informant. This clergy man being waited upon, asked if the gentleman principally concerned in the matter had not already intimated it to his congregation, and being informed that he had not, expressed sur prise. Nothing more would he say, however, as he stated be was not authorised to meke any definite statement. (This clergyman, I may mention, holds a certain official position iu connection with the Anglican v-ynod.) Away went the deputation to the offending minister. He received them blandly, asked them if be had not long ago promised to give them due intimation in the event of a change in hi6 views taking place. This promise he would keep, and would, therefore, decline to answer any questions at present. The deputation, dis satisfied, almost came to the determination to lock their pastor out of the church on Sunday, but didn't, concluding tbat on tbe whole it would be better to await the denouement patiently. There seems to be prettyfair grounds for the report referred to, but whether the defecting minister has already been received within the folds of tbe Bister church, and appointed to Toowoomba (as haB also been rumoured), is^ of course, a matter of .uncertainty at presept. | ? A change in the Cabinet is annoonced to-day in both papers. Owing Ljip: ill-health. -Mr. Ramsay has resigned ;the-Colonial Treasnrer 8hip, 'Mr. J. ft Ball sucoeeding him. Mr. Ram say still,' however, retainB his seat, end remaiiis a member of the Executive, witbont pprtfolio. A wrifc for a new election far the Northern Downs, Mr. Bell's constituency, wilj be irapefi to-day, consequent upon that gentieman's ac ceptance of office. ? . Tbe Railway Commission is still sitting in Brisbane, and taking evidence. They expect being in a position to bring up their report by the 14tb o £ next month. An interesting meeting was bd$lMt night ih-ihe Rev. Mr. Griffith's Chapel, Wharf-street, in connection with Mr. Fuller's aboriginal mission on Fiaser's Island. -There was a good ' attenSance, ar.d much interest seemed to be taken in the subject. That decision of your local Bench in the question of wine selling without a license, -is stili exciting attention. A meeting of the Brisbane vignerons was held last Saturday to consider the steps necessary to be taken to ren:ov-? such an oppressive restriction from the industry of wine-making. It- was resolved to form an association, to be called the Brisbane Wine Growers Association, which was accord ingly done, and a treasurer and secretary duly appointed. The meeting decided to bring the recent decision in Maryborough under the notice of the Government, aDd to petition them to bring in a measure for the protection of wine-makers similar to' the one in. force in New South Wal'e8. The newly formed associa tion expects the co-operation of all Queensland wine-makers. This wiil, doubtless, be accorded them. I don't know that I have anything else to 'report, except that the plan which has been accepted for the new post office was furnished by Mr. Stanley, chief draughtsman in the Colonial Architect'soffice. Ir. wonld be interest ing to know if such a competitor ou^ht to have been admitted. Count Von. Attems on a Small Scale — We don't know how it is — whether the Anglo-Saxon character is peculiarly confiding or net — but the fact remains that, at all events in these colonies, the Britisher is an easy prey to the soft-spoken silky-tongued foreigner. Look at Miranda's case. Bank managers, who were popularly supposed to have hearts as hard as flint stones, could not withstand the insinuating force of his eloquence. Count Von Attems — that illustrious hero of the 'Ham- let's Ghost ' — extracted cash from the pockets of men who wouldn't give their brothers six pence to save them from the -gallows. Dr. Wolfskehl also playeu largely on the credulity and bank balances of many a ' hard nail.' In fact, looking through the catalogueof clever scamps who have raised' the wind in these colonies during the past twenty years, we find none to compare with tbe illustrious strangers. Your Cockney adventurer is no match for the German or Pole. In a small way, this was illustrated in Dubbo last week. A Teuton,, claiming Berlin for bis native place, and the Duke of some unpronounceable place or another for his putative parent, rose up amongst us all at once. He flashed for a few days like a meteor — talked of stars, bars, decorations of honour, and patents of nobility as if he had been all his life Director of the .Herald's Col lege. He had fought pirates by the score in the Chinese seas — filled the. position of princi pal Financial Agent to the Government of his Magnificent Majesty, the Emperor of tbe Chinas — and was then, through some misfor tunes, under a temporary cloud, but would shoi tiy once more be himself again. His yarns ? and his plausibility imposed on many, and as he s'howed a determination to 'push himseff forward, be got goods from one and another. In a word, he established himself as a sort of commercial traveller. In his transactions he came into possession of a set of studs valnp.d at £5 or £6, belonging to a compatriot. He had them for a few days, when the' rightful, sus pecting the ion a fides of the pirate conqueror, pressed -for bis studs, but they were not forth coming — they were 'mid my goods at my hotel,' said Von Attems. junior. To the inn went the two, but .while the owner of the jewellery was waiting ^ the bar for the Count, the latter went out the back way and has not since been beard of. It how appears he sold or pledged the studs to another person in town. In a limited way, the Count thus ' did' a few of our townspeople, to whom he is lost to sight, but to memory dear. — Dubbo Dispatch. The following extract from a private letter from Sir R. R. Mackenzie has been banded to us ( Courier ) for publication r— 'Meat is awfully dear, never more so. Now is the time 1 for meat preservers, if they don't spoil their own game by following the old Australian fashion of sending bad wares to market. A ^great deal of the meat sent home is utterly use less, and gives a bad name ? t« the lest. As a matter ' of economy I recommended it to be used in a large county lunatic asylum, of which I am on the committee of management1. They tried the mutton preserved in fat, and others, but it was all too bad even for the lunatics, and the use of it had to be given up. It is im portant to know this. Indeed, the only meat that findB favor is the ordinary well-salted, and that preserved in tins ' The' Maryborough correspondent of tbe Queensland Times is a graceless wag. Here- is nnxifrhttf man's version nf n nr»r*nr- renee: — 'Tbe opening of the District Court was attended with' more than usual interest, by the following incident. It happened this wise. The Judge was seen walking in the direction of tbe Church, accompanied by half a-dozen ladies. The report was soon'circulated that be was going to be married, consequently a great crowd followed them, expecting to see them enter tbe Church, when, to the consterna tion of the crowd, the, party walked on in the ^ direction of tbe C&urt-house;, when one wiseacre shouted out, 'Oh, they are going 'to be married by the Registrar.' It certainly looked like it, for they all stopped at tbe entrance of the Court-house where it is painted up, ?' Registrar of births, deaths, and marriages.' There could be no doubt of it now ; so the people waited, ' thinking they would soon come out. Again another know-nothing sang out that they were going to be married in Court. 'Your Own,' with the mob, made a rush into the Court house, when, lo and behold 1 I saw six angelic creatures on the Beach, with his Honor sitting in the centre, looking for all tbe world like a full-blown rose surrounded by lilies,' although some of them were rather faded. After wait ing some time to see the ceremony performed, the illusion was suddenly dispelled by a some body shouting, ' Put Billy Bungaree and Mill bong Jemmy in the dock.' Then the whisper went round that the affair would not take place until the Court was over. The trial pro ceeded, and when over the Judge asked what character the blackfellows bore, when they both began to explain that they were 'budgeree fellows — plenty work;' Addressing the Judge, 'You woola white Mary sit close along a you ; you good fellow like a misses ; me plenty clean him knife — plenty yacca waddy like him fire ; me plenty wash him shirt like a master long ing to you.' All of a sudden the lilies got paler, and the rose .got redder,, when tbe blacks were abruptly removed to be sentenced next day. Tbe ladies vanished, and we were brought to our senses by constable shouting ' Silence 1' which made me feel as if I had been dreaming/' 