SPIRIT-DRAWINGS. Those good fellows the spirits, have recently taken to giving gratuitous in structions in the fine arts. After usurp ing the functions of a fur&ittirC- tari-; proprietor, and hauling without difficulty the heaviest articles of domestic use from top to bottom stairs, the ghosts of our departed relatives unbend their muscular minds to the consideration of linear perspective. We confess that — with Mr. Benjamin Blinker — we like a spirit " with a biceps," and that, for our own part, we J rather prefer the table- turning gentry. With propter training these strong-backed individuals — if we can presume to call them individuals — might be made useful. The brownies and the pixies of ancient legend were as good as a houseful of hired servants to their fortunately haunted friends, and a good strong " lubber-fiendj" as Milton calls him, would rteap as much corn ill a tilght as teii men coiild thresh in a month. A free selector who Could boast a " spirit" of this description could laugh Heyward to scorn, snap his fingers at brush-fencing, and plough with out a bullock to curse himself with. But a drawing spirit, a tricksy Puck, a deli cate Ariel with an H.B. pencil, and Ruskinian notions as to the uses of de- sign, what could be done with him ? We have artists galore in Melbourne. Mr. Roberts and the schools of design, Mr. j Bindon and the Technological Com- 1 mission, have scattered art broadcast I about us. Mr. Thomas Clark teaches drawing at the National Gallery. Mr. Eugene Von Guerard instructs in paint ing at the same place. The Academy of Art in in full vigour, and Mr. Burtt has a studio. What work can a drawing spirit find to do ? To teach Mr. Nayler ? .Will nothing but " a ghost come from the grave" effect that terrible purpose ? No, we will not believe it. If we admit this phase of ghastly ghostliness, we shall have spirit barristers teaching law, spirit at torneys laughing at equily, spirit poli ticians teaching policy, and spirit journalists contesting the open field of our columns with honest scribblers in true flesh and flood. The world will be so full of ghosts that there will be no room for humanity. We shall be in a similar condition to tbat bard who— " Saw one day in the ghost of a room, I By the ghost of a gaslight, the ghost of a groom ; 1 Who with ghostly mop, dipped in the ghost of a tub, Gave the ghost of a carriage the ghost of a rub." I No, we give up the ghost. I 