CONVEHRrONS OF HEATHENS ACOOKD- iNG TO llOMAN METHOD. Xavier adopted the plan on the Fishery Coast which he had piii-siioil at Soootra, of baptising infants, oven though their parents woro heathen. In the course of twelve months, he tells us that he managed to baptise more than 1000 in fants, who had died before they could commit sin, and who, thoreforo, had gone up to heaven .as intercessors on his belialf; It is a sad proof of the intellectual debasement of the ilomish system that such a man as Xavier should descend to write such words as these : — To obtain these blessings we may reckon as our intercessors, besides others, the souls of the in fants and children whom I have baptised with my own hand, and whom God called aw.ay from : these p.arts to his hejivenly ni.ansion before they h.ad lost the robe of innocence. I estimate the number of such above 1000. Ag.ain and .again I I ask .and entreat them to obt.ain from God this mercy from us, that for the rest of our life, or" rather of our term of exile. He may teach xis to do His will so entirely, that whatsoever He re- qniros of us we niny execute in the very way in which He wills it to he done." (1. 14. Fr. 14.) This way of " niaking Ciiristians" has pre- v.ailcd-in Ilomish Missions from Xaviei-'a d.ay to the )resent. Such statistics largely swell their uumVjer of converts. Take, for instance, the following extract from a volume of. the Eomish I " Annals of theF.aith," "published by .author ity, 1845," shoAviug th.at, in this practice at least, PvOire remains no wiser after the lapse of three centuries. f "The Mission of Su-Tclincn continues its work of baptizing elxiidron in dajigcr of <leatli, and the Lord continues to biess it. Each year tiie iiumho:' of tho.se whom they Vcgonerato goes on incro.asiiig. It was in 1889 (1 2,483) ; in 1840 (15,7(i(i) ; in 1S41 (17,825) ; in 1842 (20,0CS) ; in 1843 (22,292) ; this year it .amounts to (24,381). " Wo have remarked tliat alxint two-thirds of the number cf these chikb-eu died in the year in which they ' were baptized. Thus, out of tliu number of 1844, sixteen tbous.and seven hundrel and sixty -tbreo winged their flight, a short time .afterwards, to ever lasting bless. These h.appy souls, thus regene rated by us m the saving waters of baptism, can tbcy forget xis V Can tliey lose the reineinbrauce of that generous Association which, under God, has opened to them the g.ates of he.avon ? We pr.ay some Clu-isti.ar-s, men and women, who are acquainted with the ocmplaiuts of in fants, to go. seek out and Inqitize those whom they shall find to ho in danger. It is easy for them to ineet thoin, p.articularly in the towns and large villages, where, on fair-days, there is to be seen a crowd of poor people reduced to the greatest poverty, who come to ask for .alms. It is in winter especially th.at the number is high est, hcciiuse want is more pinching at that time. You see thou on the ro.ads, . at the gates of the towns .and vill.ages, or crowded togefcher in the streets, poor people without number, with hardly any clothing, having neither fire lior lodging, sleeping in the open air, and .so at- temuited by the protr.acted torture of hunger, that they are nothing but skin and hone. The women, who are, in this case, the most to be pitied, carry on their hack chikli-en reduced to the same extremity as themselves. Our baptiz ing men .and baptizing women accost them in the gentle accents of conip.assion, offer them, gratis, pills for these little expiring cre.atures, give often to the parents a few farthings, ahvays with the great kindness of manner, .and an expression of the liveliest interest in ihcir situation. For those poor creatures it is a slight of transport almost xuihoavd of. _ The.y willingly allow our licople to examine into the state of the child, and spill on its forehead some drops of w.ater, which they decl.ai'e to ho good for it, while, at the same time, they pronounce the sacramental words. " Our Christian baptizers are divided into two classes. Some are travellers, and go to a great distance to look for dying children. Others, being attached to cci'tain stations in the towns aud laro villages, devote themselves to the same occupation in their r.eighbourhood. I have just caused to be printed some explicit rules, to direct them, and stimulate them in the exercise of their noble functions." — Extract from a letter fromhis liordship Doctor Perochcan, Vicar-Apoetolic of Su-Tchum. Who can read the solemn institution of Chris tian baptism by our blessed .Saviour, (Matt, xxviii. 19,) "Go ye, therefore, and tc.ach .all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe .all things wh.atsoever I have commanded you," and then imagine Xavier aud hi.s successors seeking out infants likely to die before they could learn good or evil, the children of heathen parents, and using over them the form of baptism— without pro nouncing such work the perversion of a Christian ordinance ? I am not able to say whether j Xavier began tin's practice, or to what date in | the dark ages it may i)0 traced ; but I find abundant proof tli.at such a practice was not allowed in the Friinitivo Cliurch. For the councils of the universal church doh.ated the question whether infants of heathen p.arents, might be baptized, even when one parent was Christian, or when the infant w.as given up to sponsors for Christi.an instruction. Such baptisms were .allowed. Tiiis .allowance is sufficient proof th.at such baptisms as Xavicr's were not .liloxved ; so that the practice of Home is no loss condemned by the judgment of the Primitive Church, than by the. letter and spirit of the Gospel of Clu-ist. 