QUIPS AND CRANKS.-No. XIX. A JBAnm.ou'.s La.mf.nt. uncc upon a lime mere nveci a young man, who, strange to say, was born when a mere child, and increased in age day by day. He vvns tho. son nf rich hut. hoiifst narftnt.s. mid his maternal relative was Ins only mother. He was supremely happy; in fact, his very name was 1\\. II. .Joyce, or, to use a touching simile, he was us joyous as the girl that killed her grandmother. But in an evil hour tbis unfortunate youth perpetrated the awful crime of matrimony. He is now on trial, and like Henry 111. has never been seen to smile since. But ere his fall he wrote these pain ful rhymes under a fit of temporary profanity, which shows how the human muul is oft un true to itself. coinj: ! (;oixr; ! ! conf. ! ! ! They're going, the papers reveal it, The'frieuds of my bachelor lift*. And they care not how hard I may feel it llach ties himself on to n wife. I know not the cause, tho' I often Endeavoured the reason to find. 15ut love must their intellect soften And leave them without any mind. They marry and steadily settle Their necks to the gal! of the yoke, They lose all their fun and their mettle And sigh at the ghost of a joke. They fade from our evening meetings, They join ne'er a lark nor a spree, Grow aiikl in the style of their greetings, And confess an affection for tea. They are curbed by the bridle of marriage, And push in a ludicrous way The pernmhulatorial carriage, With an 'urn He attempt to he gay. They're versed in the value of bonnets, And up to the price of a shawl ; They never sing laughable sonnets, Lest the baby may wake up and .squall. Of punch they ne'er handle a ladle, And only know one sort of ' crib,' And that is the baby's new cradle (] wonder they don't wear a bib). Their aspect i.s always dejected, They never are guilty of chaff, And if you could get them dissected, You'd ne'er find the trace of a laugh. The girls never smile when they meet 'em, Nor turn to look after they're gone. They're married ! then why should they greet 'em '. Their aspect is sadly forlorn. They never get smoking caps worked 'em. Nor slippers by pretty g'rls made, For wedlock has, so to say, burked cm, And cast them all into the shade. * 1- V * !- * * * The unhappy author here committed the very folly he was deprecating, and now being ' finished' himself, never finished the lines. UN0II0O. December 31, 1S70. 