THE ABORIGCINAL MISSION, FRASER'S ISLAND. The Rev.E. Fuller haes furnished some additionalpar ticulars of his labours at this spot, from the date of our last reference thereto. Since that time he has continued holding school among the natives. About five weeks ago a tolerably good number were camped at the mission, but on February 5 the blacks held a corro boree, when they were joined by blacks from the mainland. On that day there wore about 100 pre sent, and on the following Sunday, in the evening, Mr. Fuller was left all alone, for the blacks belonging to tire mission went off with the mob. They are now going about the island, something like a cireus, and holding eorroborees at the various camping-places of the natives; and from that time to this only two havre been attending school. Of these one can read tolerably well in the New Testament. Several, after mastering the alphabet, and just beginning to read in the Testament, have left for other parts of the island. Of them it certainly may be said, "they love to roam," for in no one particular spot of the island do they seem to stay for any length of time more than where the mission is located. This is their crossing place from the mainland. On the other side there is a track from Maryborough to the water's edge. The natives come there and light signal fires, when those from the island go across in their bark canoes and fetch them over. On the other side of the island there is a placo they call the "Wow country," or "Salt-water," where the mussels or cockles, and kulbhine, &c.;, are said to be very plentiful; yet evoen there they do not stay for any length of time. As a rule, therefore, the misesionary can depend only upon those whom he can furnishl, with employ ment, and supply with rations; the others wander about, of necessity, in search of food. The one native that is staying withl him now has been stationary for about three months; he acts as cook, and is also a sort of colleague, as he assists in the school by explain ing to the other natives the meaning of the scripture illustrations, &ec.;, which are sometimes shewn to them. He can speak very good English, as well as read tolerably well; he is a young man, and cannot very well run away with the other blacks, as he hIas a bad leg tlhat almost impedes hlis walking about. Mr. Fuller had another native employed working with him on a piece of ground that he is cultivating, but him he was obliged to discharge some time back for want of sucleient rations. Supplies hlave, however, since been forwarded from Maryborough, Rockhampton, Brise bane, and Ipswich, for which the utmost gratitude is expressed by our correspondent. The natives are very fond of singing, and, when one or two can he got together, thley are taught to sing in their native language "Come to Jesus," or "JesaS died for me," &c.;, and they will sing when they can not be induced to do anything else. They are a laughter-loviag people; the least thing starts them of. A trifling mistake at school, or othler trivial cause, sets them off at once, and they are often seen lasuhing and singing under privations that would make a white man groan. 'ihere was one woman that for some considerable time would not lot hler son attend school, even after he had learnt his alphabet, and was beginning to read in the Testament. Her reason for keeping him back was unknown, but one day one of the other scholars re turned from Maryborough and informed the rest that a gentleman up there had given him two shillings be cause he could read a little in a book. The news apparently unlocked the old lady's heart, and she tlhent permitted her son to attend school, thinking evidently that there was something to be made out of it. As a rule they learn just as quickly as the whites, especially when young. Mr. Fuller Is making some progress in the native language, which enables him to euplain to the natives-when they are reading-the meaning of tihe words in their own language. Some of the natives have some very curious notions, and are very superstitious. The black who is at the mission now asserts that his uncle, who is a doctor among the natives, cannot be killed; lhe says he will never die, and that lie can fly like a bird, or dive under ground and come out at some considerable distance. He also has a theory about the existence of numerous ghosts (called Mather) on the island, and hal promised to shew them to Mr. Fuller some night tiot he can get anotler blaet to acerompany him. As regards cultivating the soil, all attempts in this line have hitherto proved a failure. Nearly every thing that was planted-esuch as maize, potatoes, cab boge, carrotes, onions, lettuce, radish, mustard and creas, pumpkins, melons, &o.-came; up, but having got their Iheads above ground the sight of Fraser's Island seemed to frighten them, and they declined coming any further, except the maie and potatoes. The laotter all ran away to top, stnd left nothling at the root. The maize grew up to about half its usual height (and in many instances only about a quarter), and then made a show for corn, but the cobs are small and good for nothing. Str. Fuller has sent us specimens of tite plants e&c.;, after being three or four monlhs in the ground, tlhe stunted condition of which is very remarkable. We have also received from hlim samples of the two kinds of soil of which the whole island seems to be com posed-one, a light silvery sand, is that which ehiefly abounds; and another, apparently consisting of do composed limestone and organic matter, found only il thIe swamps. Its appearance betokens extraordi nary richness, and the cause of its blighting effect on vegetation has yet to be found out. It is probably dueo to insufficient aeration and want of dralenage. A drain two feet six inches deep hIas now been dug rouad thec ground, and the soil has been once more stirred and replanted, to give it another trial. Some of tite beds have been manured-a very unnecessary addition, we should imagine. Some lshrubs and plants from the Botanical Gardens, Brisbane, have likewise beca planted in both soils, of which a portion seem to be doing well, whilst others are dying off. If thie soil fails altogether, Mr. Fuller intends, if he can get a boat, to turn his attention to the sea, and if possibl6 do somuething in the fishring line. For he considers that there ought to be a mission on Fraser's island, whadtever may be done elsewhere, on accouot of the number of natives constantly resorting there. tut unless some means can be devised for employing the natives, so as to put a stop to their wanderiogs, much esucess in Christianising or civilising them can hardly be expected. An accident of a very serious nature took place on the afternoon of Thursday last. A fine active girl of about twelve years of age, the daughter of Mtr. Wm. Kirk, a farmer ansd blacksmith, opposite the Logan Village, went on horseback to drive in some cows, but not having returned at nightfall, an anxious search was made for hler, and about 10 o'clock she was found lying insensible near a tree, and laving several cuta and bruises about the face. Leeches were applied, and other remedies by advice of Mr. Block, who was sont for, but she died on Msonday.-a-ourier. 