SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1571. NoTiUNO seems to have been more astonishing to the leaders of public opinion, in the mo- netary aspect of Europe, than thc immense diffusion of wealth which 1ms resulted from the extension of commerce and manufactures dur- ing thc Inst twenty years. The stimulus arising from the increase of the precious metals has been felt in thc remotest corner of Europe, thus exciting new desires and advancing every branch of industry. The destruction of war, therefore, though great, has not produced all the fatal consequences which might have re- sulted from it. Paris has been twice at the verge of starvation. But the moment peace was restored, the influx of all that was required changed the aspect of affairs, and thc attrac- tion of high prices set in motion all the purveyors of provisions and everything besides. The people who left Paris came back by thousands, und the city in many parts resumed its ordinary aspect. This could not have been so in former years. The restorative process could have only followed a state of prolonged apathy and prostration. No sooner, however, is the strongest party in possession of Government than thc merchant begins his adventure, the trader opens his shop, and money is found to set tens of thousands of workmen to repair the mischief of the war. lt is possible to do so, because behind the scenes of conflict there is an immense hive of industry composed of all nations, by whom the sinews of war are supplied while it lasts, and the implements of peuce are restored when they are requited. Thus, though war is more destructive than ever where it is waged, the means of recovery from ils devastations aro immeasurably greater. Thc capitalist is proverbially sensitive ; but thc opinion which prevails in money circles is best inferred from thc price of securities. The enormous sum of eighty million pounds sterling raised by loan, was only half thc quantity offered, and though thc interest is high compared with England, yet thc marvel must ever be that it can be raised at all. France is at the present moment with n Government unsettled. Its form is still a mnttcr of debate. There are three great sec- tions pretending to thc sovereignty. Thc present is confessedly a temporary regime, constructed to give lime, which the Impe- rialists, the Legitimists, the -Bourbons, and the Republicans hope to turn to account. And yet with this immense obstacle to monetary confidence the French Govern- ment entertain no doubt of being able to raise whatever money they require. Patriotism has doubtless done something to facilitate thc loan ; but the foundation of con- fidence must be in the stability of the resources of France, and in the reliance upon thc good faith of the nation. A country that does not pay its debts ceases to maintain a national existence. It loses the unity-of a people, since the public conscience no longer exists. The wealth acquired by France during tho Inst twenty or thirty years has been stimulated by a spirit of speculation in the Government ; and though it has been attended with disas- trous effects, it has nevertheless set everything in motion. In 18«18 railroads were hardly begun. Indeed they had scarcely acquired public favour. The rage for improvements had then scarcely set in. Thc manufacturers of France were generally small capital- ists, and thc intercourse with the outer world was limited by fiscal restrictions. But this was not the case only in France. It was so everywhere, save England. What mighty strides have been made in the railway system all over the Continent since that epoch. What advances have been made in the form oí manufactured goods everywhere. What facilities in production from great discoveries, such as that of BKSSKMKR. Even the poorest have derived advantages from the marvellous increase. Those hundreds of millions of gold which have been drawn from the earth, and which have been minted and circulated in Europe, have excited every muscle and nerve of the nations, have set every brain in greater activity, and stimulated the mo'ion of every hand. The aggregate wealth, therefore, of Europe, from which every nation draws in its turn, is at the service of any Government, Turk or Christian, that requires it; and tho terms upon which it may bc obtained are settled only by thc probabilities of punctuality in repayment. Even in thc remotest parts of India and Asia there arc accumulations made which arc traceable by the course of commerce to the London market, and which, in time, become thc means of indemnifying the German con- querors of France. The weight of taxation no doubt will press upon the French nation with some severity ; but the .-.-.'.me credit which enables them to meet the expenses of such a war will enable t)icm to rise above its effects. Time will gnu them all they want, providing they have order and peace. Thc lack of money, indeed, will never long prevent any nation from attaching its neighbours. If victorious, thc unfortunate will pay thc expenses. Am amount of money repined to prepare for wai may be obtained from speculative capitalists, The Piust-ian Government, for instance, could borrow an unlimited tann on the credit ol its late spoils. It could keep on foot a large army without taxation, and thus qualify ilsell to raise up a military class who are prepared to go wherever their leader should conducl them. At any rate, it is perfectly certain that the industry of the nations is amply sufiicienl to supply them with money to make wai among their regular pastimes, and to reduce them tc ' two classes- those who fight, and those who work. It used to bc a calculation that no population could supply more than ¡1 ¡?mall proportion of regular soldiers. Il was, therefore, easy to reckon what was the strength of _ any militar) power. There is no calculation of this kind now reliable, since a whole population could take a turn at war, without more than tem- porary and transient inconvenience. Soldiers now can be transported from thc field uni! workshop just as they are wanted, in a fe« days. The strength, of an army will depend therefore, upon thc perfection of its roads anti thc munns of concent ruting its support. The capital will not be wholly wasted in inarching and counter- marching, and preparing for de- cisive action. Money will be more ell'er.tivc than heretofore in supplying tho sinews ol' war; and time, which is money lo commercial nations, will not he lost. Apprehensions have, indeed been felt, that. France had not finished the revolutionary cycle, and that civil strife was not unlikely to call for armed intervention. But even should this misfortune recur, it will be probably of short duration, and cost a comparatively sin ll addi- tion to the national losses. Revolutionary movements have seldom lasted in modern times more than n few days. The successful party has been recognised by the nation, und has always adopted whatever debts have been contracted by the Government de facto, whether royal, imperial, or republican. One thing, however, is clear, that any Government acting in the name of France has always been able to borrow money without difficulty ; nnd that whoever has been Finance Minister, the credit of France hits not been debased by repudiation. Tni-.itv. is at present in Adelaide a gentleman who is about to make thc tour of the Australian colonies, who represents one of thc English organizations which the late movement in favour of emigration has stimulated. The Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, the chairman of which is lite Duke of iM.vxcitns TKJi, has been established not only for the pur- pose of facilitating thc movement of those in thc over-crowded old country who wish to push their fortunes in the less occupied parts of the Empire, but also to assist, them through thc first difficulties of settlement, lt is not merely a charitable society to pay the pas- sages of people too poor to pay their own toll across the ocean bridge, and then to lake no future note of them. It docs not exist merely for thc purpose of relieving pauperism, actual or potential, in thc mother country, or even for the purpose of supplying young colonies with additional population. It aims higher than this, and is attempting an organised system, not only for the removal of population, but for its settlement in circum- stances where industry and frugality will lead to prosperity. It aspires to promote colonization in tho lullest and best sense of the term, and sets before itself as an ideal reproduction in new lands, with the least possible waste of lime, money, and labour, of thc civilized com- munities of the old world. Wc pointed out recently the importance of distinguishing between mero immigration and systematic colonization. These colonies arc under-peopled, and yet the mere indiscriminate introduction of stiaitgers would not meet the want that exists. A miscellaneous jumble of poor strangers looking for work wonk! not increase our prosperity nt any rate not in the first instance, or without much suffering. The time has come when thc importation of people mus*, be associated with arrangements for their distribution and occu- pation. So far as the British Government is concerned it has confined its operations and oversight to tho mere act of the transport of thc people, and in this respect its operations have been highly successful. Thc .supervision of passenger ships by the Land and Emigration Commissioners has been pro- ductive of the best results. Great abuses which existed years ago have been corrected ; the comfort and health of pas- sengers have been made a special study; the experience of many voyages has been collected and methodised ; ships have been designed and built for thc speciul purpose of emigration ; surgeons and captains have been almost trained to the special work, and a steerage passenger in a modern emigrant snip travels with a degree of comfort unknown to thc earlier pioneers of colonization. But the Government oversight ceases almost as soon as the emigrant is safely landed, its only additional concern being a short super- vision over unmarried women till they find situations. Thc British Government has never considered it part of its duty to plant com- munities, and at present it shows no disposition to undertake that duty. In the main, j colonization has hitherto been a triumph of individualism. Immigrants landed in a new country have been left to shake down as best they can and fight their own way. lu this struggle there have been many successes and also many failures. Those who are best, fitted, physically, mentally, and morally, have worked their way into comfortable positions. Those who were unfitted have remained in chronic poverty. The study of the difiiculties that have to be encountered has caused an increasing desire to smooth the path ol' thc new emigrant. The story of colonization has now been read and reread, and it is impossible not to see how much of the misfortune and failure that have occurred, might have been avoided by better knowledge, ampler means, and organised co-operation. Une p.trt of the social problem of the day, therefore, is to consider whether experience has not been sufficiently extended to admit of new counties being brought into productive occupation without the waste of labour, the disappo.nt ment, and thc individual wear and tear that, have too frequently accompanied it ; and whether capital and labour might not be usefully associated in this im- portant work to the benefit of holli. "Whether those who are undertaking the task have the practical experience necessary to enable them to perform it wisely we cannot say ; but the object aimed at is un- doubtedly worthy, and deserving of all eu I couragement. There have been some gre.it failures in systematic colonization, but there have been also some great successes, and more is to be learnt by Ihe study of the failure* than by thc study of the successes. The English societies that, under a generous enthusii.fm, ure desirous of securing for ! thc colonial empire thc surplus and exportable labour of Great Britain, must not disdain colonial experience, or suppose that good intentions or a mere theoretical study of colonization will guarantee them against fatal mistakes. lt is est ential that thc- aid of prac- tical men should be secured. Colonel FiicunNG, who has commenced in Adelaide his Australian duties, has, we under- stand, come out for the express purpose of combining Australian experience with língüsh capital, and of seeking the co-operation of colonists and of the colonial Governments with thc society he represents. The labour and the capital are both obtainable in England. What is wanted on this side of the globe is the requisite facility for turning both to the best account. "What are thc exact nature of his proposals we do not at present know, but the general principles are sound, and success will depend upon the working out of the detiils. lt will bo a great gain to any colony to li ive a large number of persona introduced who can go nt once- .upon. th,obJand nnd become pro- ducers, lo whom the necessary outfits would be advanced, and would 'repay thc loan from profits drawn Out of the 'Australian soil. Colonel FiHi.DiMi has mado a proposal ti) the South Australian Government to .settle six thousand pcir-un-.. in the l'on, Darwin country, in eimsiilci- rtiipu ol' a grant, of 200,000 acres of lund. ]îi:l. a special land'law would have to lie paused to admit of such a bargain. This difficulty will have to be encountered in all thc colonies. All our land laws are based on the principle of individualism-on the supposiiion that n man or a family can and ought to be able to work alone, and not to want the aid of outside capital. Any English colonization society would re- quite two things-first, the power to lake up blocks of land on which to plant the settlers, and secondly, the power to take security for the repayment of loans. Neither power i exists at present. It is not possible to pur- chase thc freehold of large blocks, nor is it ! possible lo operate through thc present lan-, as land taken up under conditional purchase cannot be legally mortgaged. If Colonel FIELDING should visit this colony, his proposals will have lo be con- sidered, to see whether they offer sufficient I justification for any modification of tho ex- isting law-whether he can hold out such a prospect of advantages, and give such guarantees, as will make it expedient to grant to his society tenus for the acquisi- tion of land that are not at present avail- able to individual colonists, or to colonial associations. AMUSEMENTS.-Thc amusement advertisements will bo found on tho sixth pago, Si'i'iiEMK COURT.-List of causes entered for trial during tho ensuing aittiugs, commencing on Monday, 7th A ii uust :-Jury Court: M'Mnrtin v. Evans ; Bayley v. M'Kilvey; Bowman v. Mucuneh; Mncunoh v. Unwin tn und utli ers ; Muh ny v. Bennett ; llootlo v. Davis, liane i Court: Attoiiioy-Cienernl v. Mayers; Elliott and auolhur v. r-cgnr ; Hawley v. Hussell and others ; Kearney v. Bryon ; Humphrey v. Rutter ; Prince v. Dobbyn ; Mo in v. Mossman ; Headford v. Headford ; Hell v. tho Mayor nnd olin rs, assessim-nt; Fowler v. Bayliss ; Haughey v. Den bu ; Kitchin and another v. M'Mahon ; Dom and other«- v. Sincu and another ; Griinos und wife v. Hesclton »nd another. CENTRAI, CRIMINAL COURT.-Wc havo been requcMed lo slate ihat juror» Miminoned for nttoudanco ul the Criminal fessions will not bo required to b-.1 present until Tuesday next, when jurors who wero on tho hst will ho required. SUMMONS FOR SCHOOL EKES.-A police case took nineo at Rydal, iii which Henry Sharp waa summoned by Janies Barriu t: r neglecting and refusing to pay feos duo to tho Sodwalls I'ublic School teacher, and waa docidud ugniust tho defendant. PRESENTATION.-Wo learn by telegram from Bathurst that, ut a supper (liven at Pool, a purao of IIUO eov< reigns wa« presented to tho ltov. Mr. Darcy, Roman Catholic clergyman. VISIT OF THE EARL OP BELMORE AND THE MAIIGUIS Ol'jXollMANllV TO THU FoltT- STltlîKT SCHOOL. -Yestutday morning hi« Excellency tho Govoruor and Lady Belmore, tho Marquis and Marchioness of Normanby, MisR Itusfell, »nd Captain Beresford, visited tho Mod-I Viii Hu Schcol in Foit-Mrcot. On tho arrival of thc pert y in tho school grounds, a general «iluto was given by about two hundred of tho elder buys, who had just b,;on put. through Home military exercises, and w.-ro ranged in oom )milieu lo_ rcceivo his Excellency and tho Marquis. Their Excellencies wein received nt tho miiu entrance, to tho school buildings by tho Hon. John Robertson, (Colonial Secretuty). tho Hon. Oeoi-gn Allon, M.L.C., presidia!, nnd Mr. John Fairfax ami Mr. ll. A. A. Moro uciid, ineuibi ra of th« Council of Education, and Mr. W. Wilkin*. Tho party w as llrst taken to til-; infanta' echo il room, wbcro they n timim-d several minutes listening to tho little ones singing tin ir school ditties. Tin y next, proceeded lo tho gills' principal school-room, whero epoeimona of needlework, embroidery, &c;, were on view. Tho work «ns scrutinised by Lady Ueliuoro and thu Marchioness of Normanby, Loth of whom nppi-urcd to greatly ndiuiro tho neatness and tanto with which tl had boen done. Two or Ihren of the elder girls pavo readings in a very abb m inner, and wno complimented by cxptossion-i of approval from th ir vii ¡tors. Tho children sang sovoral part songs-" Ripu Sliuwr.erric.i," "Minnio Darling," "Jack and Jill," aa composed hy Mr. 0. E. Horst y, and nining-d for tbiui by their instmctor. Mr. J. C. Fisher ; " Little J i Horner," composed by Mr. J. C. Packer, also arranged tor th« children by Mr. Einher, und " Whero tho bee sucks." Tl o parts in each piece wore well unstained, tho children kept e xcellent time, und tho pratiliea'ton of tho visitors wm iniinifestid by frequent applause. Throo versos of tho " Kational A li them " having been sung, Mr. J. C. Packer presiding nt tho pianoforte, thi party then wont, to tho hoys' principal schoolroom, and wero thorn enter- tained for a short, limo by listening lo thc ready answering of the lads tn numerous puv.zling und dillb ult nritlumilie.iil questions involving mental calculations, which wero Ïut lo them by tho bend noisier of (ho Behool, Mr. V. Iiidgos. The boys, conduct.d, like tim girls, by Mr. Fisher, sang a verse of the Niit onal Anthem, then givu tinco ringing cheers fer Lord und Lady Beltnom, th-i Marquis* and Marchioness of Nornuuby, and tho Council of Education, and th.- par'y soon nftorwurds lefi tho estab- lishment. Before leaving, tho Matuuii expressed his gratification «t th. lostills which ho had witnessed of th ) liliciilit training the children in all departments of tho school had ieceived. 'Ibero mo at tho present timo 7-i(l boys, 6C0 girls, and -100 infants in attenilunco at tho school. There is, of courte, a still largor numbor on the roll«. BOEING AT THI-: LACHLAN SWAMP.-It will be recollected that some two or three months ago tho Muni- cipal Council, after having had tho matter long under their consideration, ndopti d plans, and voted a sntu of money for thu construction of au oinbaukinent on tho northern sido of tho Randwick Hoad, from a point opposito tho now toll house to tho rocks opposite tho Riceeourso gato. It was understood thal thc construction of this embankment along tho southern sido of tho Lachlan Swamp would booapihlo of heading up tho water Hf leen foot, and form a roaorvoir of milich nt size to contain uhout four huudred aud aovonty thice million» of gallons. Thc Miiyor thought it desirable, however, that before tenders for tho work woro called for, thc ground forming tho site of the proposed embankment should I'l-lboiouglily li Med, Mid the depths to which tho fouudations would Imve "t" bo carried accurately ascertained. Ho ac- cordingly gave instructions to tho City Engineer, Mr. Fund's 'Bill, to procuro proper data; uud two or threo weeks ugo a munta r of tuen commenced boring Operations iu the swamp, about two hundred yards from tho ll md wick Hoad, lt waa expected, frum pluvious surveys, that n i k would have been leached ut a depth of sevuuUen or eighteen foot from tho surface. lim tho rods havo iiiiiudy gonn down thirty-four foot, and tho rock huh not yet been touched. At u depth of 'Jl Let 0 inches a simla of pipeclay was como upon. In iiiiolber part of tho turnio section, about two hundred j etd., lo the westward of tho (¡rsl boru, and within thron or lour\aids of tho Randwick Road, another boro has boen put diiwii. Here it was fully expected that rock would hiivi'bieii ri Helled at a depth of not moro than twenty three fut, but, to thc astonishment of everyone interested, tho boring rods have gonn down thiough eighty feet of pine dtill sand (or to within twenty-three feet abovo high- water murk), uud ibero uro no signs of tho rock yet. At al out seventy-eight fool, a very «light indication of pipe- clay mixed with tho sand was obtainod. 'i'heso biriniM wniild appear to rmdi-rtho construction of tho proposed ili,b..nkniint impracticable. They provo, however, this ii.uch, that tho watershed ia far moro vulmblo thau lou genially been Mi|>posed, inasmuch ns the quantity of Miller il ia capabio of conserving by natural means is greatly in excess of nil previous calculations. ll the sanie dep:!i of sand extends for any considerable dis- tance, all thai would seem lo bo necessary for increasing tho present supply to mi i tioi-.-nous extent is tho coustnu tn iiufii series of'wells, to bo connected with ono largo Win or ri si i voir, from which it could be pumped up to tho ni|iiiiii! levels, lt is believed, from present indication-*, that ibo sniiio format i .11 extends to Botany. This is n limiter p.ttlv of coo feet ti tc ut present, as tho watershed h«» never \ ."t bi en thoroughly tested, but tho City Eugi- ne, r is pi orci ding with his survey, and accurate data will soon bc obi .iiod. J ho result of tho survoy, so far as it lu.sut present 1 Minded, is so s-Kit- factory, howovor, tait the Corp..tali, it contemplates the pur hafo of an i-ngino of the requisito power lo pump tho water from tho lachlan Swhiup lor thc supply ot (hu higher lovel» of tho city. Ei.n.-By way of Auckland, we have a few ileiuH in in l-iji, of an important naturo. On Thursday, ti e 2!lih Juno, au attack was niudo upon Mr. Darby, at his plantation, by some unlives. lt would appear from what wo cnn kum that a disputo "rose between the punes with returnee to some work, »nd Darby went into his hotiso and brought out 11 gun, which ho lind in order lo frighten tho mm. 'lbey Iben attacked him, onu striking bim with a tuite across the linger« of ono hand, another ono hitting bim i u tho head with a stone, mid a third spearing him in the li ll thigh und throuuli one arin. Ho is, huwuvor, only slightly lmtl. and is g.-tling on well. Tho perpetrator* of the iiitnigo lin vu beni punished hy tho lillicur.-) for thoir misc« mind. - Cm.ilidaies fur election us delegates to cin stiuel tho new ti..vi rnioect me now oU'er'mg thotnsolvos, i.i.d viii lo iii ctr ii on ibo Isl, August. Dr. Kyloy, for- um Iv of Ai ckbiinl, is 11 candid i:.., and hold a meeting hist ,,!. 1 '1 -'I lo- niouiilaiiieeis nt, tho head of tho liewa river "11 lighlii.g iiiii.ngsl themselves. Hecontly an engage 1111 nt took plsi-c between two of tho tribes, in wh eh about «iel () men lielou(.ing t»i ono town wem killed.-1'louting is r.o;-¿ tn hiuonjot tho natives of Yiti Lovu Bay. MKKTINO or LIMEBUHNEUB, «Vc-Last evening ii number of persons, including liino-burnor« und Imildors' mel together in tho Kum Inn, Ganga und Bathurst KIMI». Tho iiidiUM ílinjíH wno chiefly of ii nonvuraatiomil character - seveiel iiiTMiun piutosiing against tho present railway r.itoi forllto ouiriiigo of lino stone from Marulan to Sydne-- na txi,rl,itimt, staling thu they «MM now charged (,w ¡m¡. mined in tho now nih« ny (nhl s) I'"r -i truck- hud ," |¡mo M lntiuli i!) whereas tho sum charged for lim ('..irria ri- ot ii loiitl of liny wim only Xi lis. A desire wu nl"> ex- pressed Hint tho limo ut. present allowed for re- moving limo from tho Railway »Station utter ii:-fivil per linin should bo extended; ono ground a¿. vunccd for tim extension hiing that tho limo burner« of Sydney wero frequently in want of Unruly ndvieo of tho arrival of n e insignuieut of liniostonu, nutt wero consequently unprepared to receivo it Owing (o some niistnko in tho ndvertisoiuent convening tho nieotini' which it wa« believed had had tho oliect of making tho tittchdnnco much Binullor than it would otliorwlsohnvo been it was deemed oxpodicnt to cull anothor mooting of pors mi intcicstcd in tho matter, for Monday ovouing next, thou lo ndopt measures for n redress of their griovuncott. TriK MEDICAL GAZETTE.-Tho August number of thia periodical containshoveral intoroBting uiticlos. Ono on tho necessity of introducing a bill to regulato tho qmli-' finitions, of ch'.-mi:.',s und druggists, givos tho outliuo of a draft bill which il in thought will ho introduced into thj Victorian Legislature. Continued efforts on tho part of this medical protrusion to iruluco tho pooplo to undergo vaccina- tion is urged. Tho Contagious Disease Act is tho subject of comment, and Iho extension of its provisions to thia colony in strongly advocated. Tho Gazette also coutaius * list of tho ( peral ions performed ut tho Sydnoy Infirmary during the month, Ibo continuation of n í)raít Act to con- solídalo tho laws relating to medical practitioners, with in- teresting information on various subjects. A portrait of tho lalo Dr. A'Beckett accompanies this month's number. ST. SILAS' SCHOOL, WATERLOO.-Tho mid wiutcr entertainment of tho pupils ntlcndiug St. Silt» School, Waterloo (conducted by Mr. nnd Mrs. Elkin) wai held on Tuesday, Ibo 1st instant. Thochildron wero serve j with tea, sandwiches, cake, buns, tarts, and fruit, whioli Mrs. Elkin hud provided. After toa tho children: wero dU missid for a timo in order to nuke arrangements far a musical and lilerury entertainment, which wa» givon in Ibo cv»liing hy tho pupils, nssisted by «over.il! lady unJ. gentlemen iiiiiateurs. Tho Rev. Mr. Barnier, chairman of the local boaid, who prended, in a pithy address opened tho musical portion of tho programme, which was well arranged and vailed by part songs, music (piano sol«! nnd duetls) ni:d recitations. Tho eiiterUitituont wu lu ought to ii close in tho customary manner by singing tba Nutionul Anthem. THE CAKANuisis. - During tho past week Madame Ciiruudini and her four daughters, assisted hy Slr. Wultor Sherwin, havo given ti eories of operatic and h±!Ud concert» in ihe Masonic Hull. Tho audiences, considering tho unusual number of counter attractions now in tho city, have bein good. Tho programma of last night's concert contained a choice and varied selection of songs, duets, uni concerted pieeus, which wero rendered in ti manner that secured Ihe « vident approbation of tho nudienco. Tho fins rich contralto voico of Miss Fuunio was hoard ta gnat udviuitiigo in tho recitativo nnd nir, " Di Tanti Palpiti," and her purforuiunco W.IB oucorod. lu the eiivulina, " Oh say onco moro X IOTI thee," Miss Kosma was equally successful ; her olear ringing tones filling tho spacious room with harmony. Tua ballad '. When shall wo meut," was nlso very well rcndure4 by Ibo salim vocalist ; und hor voico united with that of her sister Fannie veiv pleasingly in tho .aolody, "Whoa shall we nant." M adamo CuramVini, whoso talent as a, vocalist ol merit hus been eo long acknowledged by tba Sydney public, sang us of old, with pleating effooi, tho favourite soup, "Tho last lioso of Summer," nnd wa» minted. $ho also took part willi her daughters l''»mi:a and Isabella, mid Mr. Walter Sherwin in tho song, " Ou tho bans« of Allan Water," which was applauded. Aga u, with Miss K'lSina, thu snug in a duet " Norma," ti pi rforiniitico that waa deservedly encore!. Tho tiilititatitc, Miss Isabella, who lias n sweet soprano voice, thal will doubtless developo with veurs, sang a simple song ''Peiooful Slumber." With her younger sider. Miss Lizzie, who also now mukös hot debut before the public, mid already possessen n lino con- tralto voice, she joined in a pretty little duet, und received tho encouraging approval of tho nudienco. Th« finnie ti Ibis very pleasing entertainment was " Tho Gipsied Laughing Chorus," the very nat'ir.il und cifectivo renioring of which hy the whole company was a trout seldom enjoyo! by an audience. Tho liual concert, of tho presont series is ndvi Hised for Ibis evening, and will no doubt bo deserving the patroutigo ot a full house. THE i'niNCE OF WALKS THEATRE.-A new burlesque-" Liillo Don Giovanni"-was performed oa the lirst four night» of this week to moderato houses. List night,the lin itt rc was crowded in every part, to witness an I iiiniiteur pie formalice by tho officers of II M.S. Clio, who playid in the drama entitled " Tho Jacobite," and nftar WKids in "A Regular Fix," to tho nuius-miont of th« [ audience. Tho burlesquo of " Cinderella " was nisi repeated by the Zavistowski sisters in their former enameler*. Two burlesques aro announced for to-night. THE .TAPANKSK TJIOUFB.-This clever company of perfumóos has, notwithstanding tho existoiiou of sj many counter iitlnu tiors, been iu-lrunn ntal in dr.iwiuç very good lioitsis thruughuut tho week to tho Victoria Theatre. Tho piocruniiics submitted havo been replete with many very pleasing novelties in tho way of jutrirling, (ambling, nnd tight rope walking. Tho perforai incus of tho Iittiu All Hight urn of themselves Hiitliciunt to repay tho viiilor ; tho many »lilliunit gymnastic foals which ho goos through with Ihe greatest nionoholance tho tuoro market in i no so voting being invariably rewarded with applause. The tricks of Mnlz-no-tski, who ia evidently uiuoh moro dexterous in tho uso of his feet than most people aro with their hands, undoubtedly form a Vf ry im- portant feuture in Ihn entertainment. Sakniavoii, filth nigh his nptrioirr comprises a number of uloight-uf-h md tricki llmt uro already familiar to Sydney audiences, shows several teats of juggling that aro both novo! mid interest- ing. Tho top- spinning of Saks nu ; tho slack cord walking ol Sjiksan, and tho girl Yohittiatz ; and tho pretty butter- fly tuck, where tho insect upoeats to bu continually Hitting on the wing, by mcnn«of ti most skillul n-"' of tho fan, ara ulso well wort Cy of mention. An uflontoju pcrforniiac\ moro especially intended for children, is nuuounc'd for to-duy. THE Ania.rm THEATRE.-Thc performances nt bia phue of amusement havo been well patronised during the past week. Mire Jooy Gougenheim*« inipjr soiiutions have been nightly rewarded by onthusiastiii applause, and tho ell'orts of "Messrs. Andrews, Burford, Howe, Holloway, Hogan, Miss Oliver, Miss Montagu, and other members of tho company havo beon fully appreciator. THIODON'S MACHOCOSSI OF WONDERS.-Th¡3 institution (which will bo opened in Sydnoy for tho list time to-night) has, lo tho end, continued to recoivo a largo uujouut of pUrouugo ; and tho many mechanical wonder« and beautiful pictures will, no doubt, bo long remoiuborixl hy those who havo seen them ns thc best entertainment of its kind that has yet appeared in this quarter of tho world. On Wednesday evening last thc children of tho Deaf und Dumb institution wero present ut tho exhibition, on thu invitation of tho proprietor, and thu youngster! appeared t« tnjoy tho scene very much. Last oveuiug's proceeds wero to lie in aid of thu funds of that institution, and it ii gratifying to record that thoro was u largo uudionco on tho occasion, WESTEN 'S ENTERTAINMENT OF COMICALITIES. Mr. Westen'« entertainment of comicalities caused reiter- ated outbursts of delight, yesterday ovening, to a largo number ul juveniles, nt tho Tiiuity School, in Lowor Fort ttrei t; tho pleasure, so rather boisterously expressed, being evidently heartily participated by soveral children of A luigcr growth, then likewise present. Tho entertainment began willi nu extremely able representation of tho tirno bouourid myth of the redoubtable Punch, who is o7idontly as gnat and na witty in Australia as in Europe. Ho is '. cranky" mid funny by turns, and (as ho is found to be) irrestiblo nlwnys. After tho opening cjlloquy with thu showman, tho »'lever littlo cripplo sung " Lovo among the Ro.-es" with Madame Judy, and dancoi spiritedly, if not gracefully, to th »tnt present very popular uir. Next cima that sud domestic quarrel of Punch with tho partner of hts joys, aud its liugical rrV/ioufmi'/it in which Judy is killed (with all po.-sibio regard lo dramatic proprieties) behind tho Hints, and iho two " babbies" aro pitched out of tho window. Then followed tho si rio-cotuio interviews between Punch and Jim Crow, a Chinaman, and a London clown, aftar which Ibero was a successful appearance of tho historical dog Toby, und a tight between Tom Sayers und Punoh A3 to tho owneri-hip of tho remarkable doijuc, which Fuuoh will uot pint with at any prico. tho ghost of Hie mur derid Judy, tho Doctor, the Policeman, tho Heidie, tho Judge, and last, not least, Jack Keioh, wero next "inter- view« li "und thrashed, or moro summarily dispowd or, until tho closing sceno, in which '. the mau th u. cares for nobody" was to mako his exit with tho Geutletinn ia llluck. Mr. J. Oaten (ono of Mr. Wosteu's assistuut*) thin peiloiniid, with much taste and skill, un opjra'ia tell dion on tho concertina, concluding with a niusttirly imitation of the bagpipes, tho lust ti fuir bciug more appre- ciated hy hi« uproarious audience thuu his ailmirablo music, nnd, perhaps, better undi rsiood-u pretty littlo temor (np parentlvToby without his rob.s) thou performed a variety o£ tricks, "jumping through hoops aud small drums, uud tlanding ou his hind legs, on tho buck of u chair, ire. Mr. Oaten afterwards played a pieco of musto with Mr. Norlon, who has considerable ability as a violinist. Iho Golden thoo Danco by two marioneta ligures suececdod, and met with tbenpplauso it well desorved. Tho list thing w*i the singing of a comic song by an iuimitublo nigger marionette, whoeo life-Uko aoiivity und moving mouth elicited much merriment. Mr. Weston namouueod, at tao end of thocnti rluiniueut, thut half of tho proceeds was to go lo tho prize fund of thc Behool. Mr. Weston, roiroduoof his amusing '.entcituumient; ut tho Oddfellows U*U to- night. Waurn thc digestive powers aro so weak as to causo imwfe»! assimilation, and in many cases laying thc foundation? OM suimaion mid Wasting, Ibo use ol Savory aud Mool t's inn eriatic Emulsion and Pancreatiiic, already no highly approved oj the medical faculty, will be found among the most paten itriunliul iiRints. They nflcct thc dtsestion of cod iver o tl. i pronm »liier... «Mb- they efficiently supply the pWfoo| wl.en the slimnieh lei.cia it. These leets are atti» ed bvl£ i-.ublisled ie«o.dsof ine.iieal men, extrada from which ace om j "ye"eli hollie, price Hum 2s lo 2ls. Savory and Moaré,» Nev, llond-slteet; London, «nd nil cht mists Noto.-Savurjf aa' 1 Moore's name und tia.de murk we on each botuo.-AU\ 