A NEW COOK-LANE GHOST. [From the New York Times, May 3rd.] more have recently been doings in Wayne County, Ohio, as marvellous as any that over frightened Cotton Mather, or mystified Dr. Johnson. In the little City of Wooster there lives a quiet and respectable family, named Hoffman, which for nearly two years has been haunted and tortured by malignant spirits. The persistent demands cannot be entrusted or exercised away and their proceedings boar a like close resemblance to those of divers familiar imps conjured up by modern spiritualists, and to those of the famous Cock-lane ghost of a century ago. The mysterious pranks that afflict the Hoffman family were begun in June, 1869, while the family lived in Millorsburg, Holmes County, Ohio. At that date, by way of keynote of prologue to the weird drama to come, Mr. Hoffman one day lost two dollars from his purse. He did not at first attribute this to any Satanic or supernatural agency, although he felt subsequently called on to do so. Prudently resolving to hide his money more carefully in future, he went his way. But put his loose cash where he might, the cunning depredators speed it out and relieved him of it. The poor man soon found that it was absolutely impossible to keep any funds about him at all and this was only the beginning of his woes. Articles of food and of dress began to disappear in the same unaccountable way. Crockery fell from the Shelves without the aid of human hands and was smashed to pieces. Stones, eggs, and other small objects were tossed wildly about the house and now and then the unseen tricksters got up a little shower of gravel and sand, which would be playfully thrown in the faces of the inmates. The family were at first very naturally surprised and annoyed : afterwards they got alarmed, and having unsuccessfully tried every means that occurred to them, both to discover the cause of these visitations and to put a stop to them, they resolved to quit their home. Mr. Hoffman took another house for his wife and three children the latter being aged 20 17, and 18 respectively in the town of Wooster, at some distance from their former abode; while, with the discretion that appears to characterise him, he took up his own temporary quarters at a mill where he was employed. The family now hoped to remain unmolested ; but they soon found to their chagrin how trivial were the impediments of space or locality to their matches attendants. The prudent Hoffman, indeed, escaped further attentions ; but his spouse was less fortunate. That lady and her offspring being domiciled at the house of one Snooks in West Liberty-street, Woostor, now became the victims of an extraordinary series of persecutions. The clothes of the mother and eldest daughter were first abstracted and then returned in fragments, having been cut and slashed to pieces. Sometimes the garments would bestowed in out-of-the-way places. One day, for example, most of the linen of the family was discovered carefully packed in the mouth of the cellar-drain. Another time a silk dress was found under a wood pile and shirts were dug up that had been deliberately buried in earth or sand. A fresh feature was now added to the entertainment, in the shape of notes that arrived, none know from whence, although they sometimes ap appeared to be thrown from the collar. These missives contained various threats and admonitions. One of the number advised Mrs. Hoffman, in a friendly way, that if she would come down the cellar stairs backward on her knees, at a specified day and hour, she would find a box containing 2,000 dollars. The worthy lady was anxious to clutch the glittering prize, but, " being afraid of bodily injury, was dissuaded by neighbours from making the hazardous attempt." It occurred to her, not unreasonably, that the task might be more wisely undertaken by her husband and she therefore repaired to that cautious poison at his mill, and induced him to na with her to Wooster. The spirits. however, at this juncture, promptly transmitted another note to the effect that no one could possibly got the money but herself and we are not surprised to hear by the latest accounts that it has not yet been scoured. By way of amends for this disappointment, they concealed powers have begun a new and lively round of diversions. Soundings are heard on the walls at night, stones from the size of pebbles to that of a man's fist are pitched through the doors and windows, dishes rattle, and " a general rumpus is created, as it' imps were holding high revelry." A hold young man, a visitor, having said something disrespectful of the union agonies, a red-hot stone was dropped on his head and on taking out his pocket handkerchief he found it was cut into shreds. All sorts of mystification are practised. Mr. Hoffman, for instance, answered one of the " spirit notes," and put his reply in the collar ; but just as he got upstairs into the room above " his own note dropped on the floor by his side all his family being present." The family are now quite impoverished by the thefts and other ravages of their demoniac tormentors Mrs. Hoffman and her daughters have no clothes save those worn by them daily on their backs ; while the husband and father has only a single worn old working suit left to him. Nearly all the domestic utensils, such as plates, cups and saucers, and even the table cutlery, have been either broken or carried away. Of course the obvious suggestion is that all this mischief has really been wrought by cunning mortals, and not by spirits at all, and that, as with the artful William Parsons and his family in 1781, discovery, if long averted, must be curtain at last. The local press declares that most careful watch has been kept, and that hundreds of men and women have visited and inspected the premises without being able to suggest any clue to the mystery. Several clergymen and physicians have investigated it, and a circle of professed spiritualists have likewise essayed to do so. As yet no light whatever has been thrown on the matter, and, so far as the postponement of detection goes this Ohio ghost must certainly be allowed to surpass in cunning his predecessor of Cook-lane, who so marvellously perplexed the wise heads of last century. 