THE LATE BISHOP PATTESON. A public meeting of the members of the Church of England, for the purpose of expressing sorrow for the death oil the late Bishop Patteson and sympathy with the Melanesian Mission, was held on 15th November, in the supper room of the Town-hall, which was crowded to excess, some hundreds being unable to obtain admission. The Bishop of Melbourne presided, and there were present on the platform their Honours Judges Molesworth and Pohlman, the Dean of Melbourne, and several clergymen. The Eev. Canon Becher opened the proceedings with prayer. xiiu jDisnup spoice nearly as touows : — 'My beloved brethren — It 'is with a sad heart, but yet with a melancholy satisfaction, that I meet you here this evening. At the recent session of our Assembly, in the course of the debate concerning the selec tion of a successor to the see of Melbourne when it should become vacant, a speaker remarked that, if such a man as Bishop Patteson were proposed, he would be accepted with universal acclam ation. Little did any of us then suppose that this highly-esteemed servant of Christ had already entered into his rest ; having perished | by the hands of some of those islanders whom he so much loved, and I in whom he so entirely trusted. In the contemplation of his death it behoves us to say, ' It is the Lord;' but we are not therefore for bidden to mourn for him, and we cannot but sorrow, many of us as for a beloved friend, all of us as for one pre-eminent among his j fellows for his great natural and spiritual gifts, and for his consecra tion of them all to the Lord's service. 'But, sad and sorrowful as we are, there is, as I have said, a melancholy satisfaction in our meeting. For it is some relief in our sorrow to unite as a church in expressing our deep veneration and ? love for him whom we have lost ; and assuredly, no one in these latter j days, had a better claim to be revered and. loved than Bishop Pattc 1 son. In the course of my life, I have enjoyed familiar intercourse- \ with many excellent men ; but I have never met with one, excepting I only our own metropolitan, the Bishop of Sydney, who, oin short 5 acquaintance, so completely won my confidence and affection. It \ has been stated in the public papers that he was a high churchman, \ and I, as you know, am generally considered to be a low one ; but I \ believe that, if he and I had been called in the providence of God to \ work together, we should never have had any disagreement. On his ? last visit to Melbourne, he was for a few days a guest at Bishops- \ court ; and although I had much free conversation with him on a \ great variety of points, there was no contrariety of opinion between \ us. He was not a man who would ever put the church in the place \ of Christ, the Head of the church, or exalt the traditions of men to a | level with the Word of God. If he might be called a high church- \ man, he might be truly called also a Bible Christian. I would only j mention, without enlarging upon them, as traits of his character, his § nianly simplicity, his perfect singleness of purpose, his disinterested jj devotedness, his fearlessness and firmness combined with tenderness and love, his literary ability, and practical wisdom. In the remem brance of these and other excellencies, one can scarcely refrain from adopting the language of our great dramatist — j 1 He was a man, take him for all in 'all ; I shall not look upon his like again.' But we trust that the Lord will provide a successor to him, who, if not possessing all his admirable qualities, shall yet be enabled, by j divine grace, to carry on the work to which he had so long devoted | himself with faithfulness and success. And this thought leads me ; to another ground of satisfaction in our meeting, viz., that it will * assure his bereaved fellow-labourers of our sympathy with them in \ their affliction. In a letter which I yesterday received from the ^ senior surviving member of the Melanesian Mission, the Eev. E. H. | Codringtbn, he specially commends the bereaved mission to our j prayers, and expresses his reliance upon our kind sympathy. This p meeting will assure him that his confidence in us is not misplaced. I Nor is it our church alone whose sympathy this catastrophe has jj called forth. Mr. Codrington, in his letter, remarks that not only their s mission, but the mission cause throughout the world, and the whole \ church, suffer in the death of Bishop Patteson ; and it is gratifying j to have received from the Presbyterians, the Wesleyans, and others, \ the kindest assurance of their participation in our sorrow, and their \ admiration for him whom we have lost.' \ The Bishop here mentioned that he had that day received a note | from Mr. Sumner, of Brunswick, expressing his deep sympathy, and I enclosing a cheque for £20 as an offering towards the Melanesian | Mission. He then proceeded to notice, as a third ground of satis- | faction in the meeting, that it afforded the church an opportunity of j protesting against the nefarious proceedings of the labour traders I among the islands of the South- West Pacific, to which the lamented I death of Bishop Patteson was doubtless attributable ; and he adduced \ the testimony of the late Bishop himself, and of the clergy in Norfolk | Island, in proof of the deceptions and cruelty which had been prac- 'i tised; adding that he should like to say much more, but would I refrain from occupying the time of the meeting further. He then j requested the Rev. T. M. Fraser (ex- Moderator) — whom, with another \ clergyman, th e Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria had de- | puted to express their feelings on the occasion — to address the meeting. I The Rev. T. M. Fraser stated that he was deputed to express the \ deep sorrow felt by the Presbyterian denomination at this great loss. ;j He trusted that in this case the blood of the martyr would be the | seed of the church, and he remarked that no vindictive feeling of I revenge against those who had slain the Bishop existed in the hearts I of real Christians. The feeling was still uppermost which was no i doubt the last feeling of Bishop Patteson, expressed in the words, \ ' Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do.' Bishop ;; Patteson had died a vicarious death — not to expiate his own sins, but | as a species of atonement in the minds of these poor heathens for the i sins of the wretched kidnappers on whom the vengeance of the | islanders was really designed to take effect. Would not his death be \ productive of good if it led the whole Christian community to demand j that the seas which washed our shores should be purged once and for f ever of the contaminating presence of these demons in human form? i. He would not go so far as to demand that the Mosaic law of ' life for ? life' should be enforced against the traders, but thought their offence | should be punished as a felony of the direst and most criminal kind. I His Honour Judge Pohlman moved the first resolution — ' That | the members of the church in this diocese desire to place on record an | expression of humble submission to the will of God, who has been s pleased to remove Bishop Patteson, the Rev. Joseph Aitken, and the i catechist Stephen, from the scene of their earthly labours by a violent i death, and of deep sorrow at the death of one so loved and honoured.' \ The mover paid a tribute to the qualities of the deceased Bishop, j; but his feelings prevented him from saying all he could have wished. \ In the absence of the Rev. Dr. Bromby and the Rev. Canon Chase, I the resolution was seconded by the Rev. Canon Handfield, who I addressed the meeting, enlarging upon the loving character of Bishop \ Patteson. The motion was unanimously carried. \ His Honour Judge Molesworth moved — 'That the members of \ this diocese desire to express their sympathy with the members of j the Melanesian Mission, afflicted by the loss of their loved Bishop ; ( and their conviction that his death calls upon the church to use more f fervent intercession and more earnest effort to comfort those who are { carrying out that mission, to strengthen their hands that their work | may so be greatly extended, in the belief that to do so sincerely and { heartily is to pay the best and most fitting tribute to the memory of j him who sacrificed his life in its cause.' The mover, in the course of I his address, remarked that Bishop Patteson mingled the greatest jj personal enthusiasm with the deepest common sense as to the manner \ of effecting the objects sought. He had left behind an organisation \ which was likely to continue working and produce good effects long \ after his passing away. \ The Rev. Canon Dickinson seconded the resolution. He said — ' 'This resolution calls upon us, in the first place, to express our \ sympathy with the members of the Melanesian Mission on the murder of their well-beloved Bishop. I shall not attempt, in the ten minutes allowed to me, to even mention all the reasons for such sympathy ; but will confine myself to this one — that the death of the Bishop has deprived the mission of one whose liberality, ability, learning, and sound judgment, as well as his more personal attractions, were in themselves a standing argument for missions to the heathen in general, and to the lower races of them, and specially to these Melanesians, in particular. I feel that it is needful to direct attentioa to this point, because there are many who, while they admire Bishop Patteson's character and devotedness, regret that he wasted his life (as they maintain) an such a work. We hold, on the contrary, that the very fact that such a ^an gave his life to this -work is a suffi cient justification for the work itself. If, indeed, there is anything connected with this mission which needs to be explained, any mis take which needs to be rectified,: it is, that this mission is a romantic one. Many people think— I- remember one clergyman in particular arguing with me — that the general plan of this mission is wrong ; that it may be very well to cruise about for the most pleasant half of the year in a fast-sailing and. comfortable schooner, in placid seas, and amidst sunny islands, with their tropical luxuriance of vegetation, and laughing cascades, and coral reefs with rainbow- tinted surf breaking over them; and then to spend the other half-year in a snug mission establishment at Kohimarama, or at Norfolk Island; but that this was not the way in which the Apostles worked, or the great missionary societies of more modern times ; and that the proper plan is for the missionary to settle down in one place among the heathen, and to teach and convert, first, not the youths, but the adults. Now, the answer to all this is, that these islands are so unhealthy for the greater part of the year— so full of malaria, and jungle fever, and ague— that, it would be impossible to live continuously upon them; and then, that th ere are so many different languages spoken by these islanders — perhaps ten or even twenty for every 10,000 people — that it would be a waste of missionary strength for a Euro pean missionaryto limit his attention to one tribe of say 500 or 1000 people! It is better, therefore, to assemble the most promising of these islanders in one principal college, to systematise their dialects, to reduce them to writing, and translate the gospel into them ; and to instruct these heathen in the truths of the gospel, and then to leave them, for the healthy portion of each year, on their several islands, as far as possible under European supervision, to imbue their fellow islanders with the rudiments of Christianity, and especially of the Christian life. As to the romance of the mission, it must be remem bered that these voyages had to be performed in the most dangerous seas, amid rocks and shoals ; that the Bishop had generally to swim through the surf, to land wet through, unarmed, alone, among hundreds of savage men armed with barbed spears and poisoned arrows ; to sleep among these men; of ten as uncleanly in their persons as they were uncertain in their tempers; to return in a little vessel, crowded with these unkempt semi- negroes; to live as familiarly with them as a father with his children, their arms round his neck; and to submit himself to the humblest offices, even of sweeping rooms and cleaning shoes, as an example to them of industry, and to show that he did not intend to lord it over them ; and all this time working as hard as any schoolboy at the acquisition of languages, and as any school master in teaching them. The idea of romance in this mission may therefore be held to be exploded. This resolution proceeds to affirm that we ought to show our sympathy by our contributions to the mission. This will be undoubtedly just such a monument to Bishop Patteson as he himself would have wished. But can we not identify him and his memory still more directly with our efforts by applying the collection to-night, with other future donations, to the mainte nance of Melanesian scholars in the mission college. £10 a-year is all that is needed for each. Such ' Bishop Patteson scholarships ' — so simple, but so useful — would be a fitting tribute to the good Bishop, who lived and died for this people.' The Rev. C. S. Isaacson said—' My Lord Bishop, ladies and gentlemen — It would be most unbecoming in me in the presence of these, the mourning friends of Bishop Patteson, to attempt to utter any word of eulogy or praise concerning his character, or add anything to the touching and affecting tribute which they have this evening paid to his memory. But I may be allowed to support this present resolution, because, though it belongs only to the personal friends of our mar tyred Bishop to speak to us of the man, it belongs to every son of the church to justify and sympathise with his work. My Lord, as a people, we are inclined almost too much to be hero-worshippers. There is a chord in the heart of every Englishman which vibrates instinctively when the tale is told of real bravery and self-devotion, in what cause soever it may be displayed. Wherever a man is seen sacrificing or hazarding his life or fortune to prosecute some cause to which he has consecrated all his talents — whether it be ambition, or science, or adventure that moves him — whether it be love of country, love of liberty, or love of king — if only his whole soul be wrapt up in the cause, so that he devotes himself to it regardless of all else — never daunted by difficulties, never deterred by disappointment, never terrified by danger — then that man commands irresistibly the ad miration and applause of every English heart. It is so in the present case. The exhibition of rare devotion to an unpopular cause, com bined with great self-sacrifice and unflinching bravery, has of necessity received the homage of the entire community, and the secular press has, for once at least, come to the aid of the pulpit to pay its tribute of praise to the memory of such a man. But the secular press — true to itself and to its oft-repeated expressions of dissatisfac tion at missionary enterprise — although compelled on this occasion to reverence and praise the man, cannot refrain from covertly condemning his work. One of our leading daily newspapers spoke as follows on Thursday last : — 'Whatever some may think of the advisability of a man like Bishop Patteson — a cultivated gentleman in every sense of the word — dedicating himself to the work of converting the heathen, while so many of his own countrymen are destitute of all spiritual instruction, they cannot doubt his sincerity of purpose, or fail to appreciate his heroism,' and so forth. And the question here raised incidentally we wish to put more plainly this evening, and to answer ; for our part with an emphatic affirmative. We are met here this \ evening, not only to express our sympathy with the sincerity of pur- ) pose, the self-devotion, and undaunted coiirage of our martyred ; Bishop, but also to testify our appreciation of his work. Not only \ did he sacrifice his life with most admirable heroism, but he did it \ in the most glorious cause; and we are prepared to justify his work, ? and the work of men such as he. The question is, Was it advisable ! for such a man— a cultivated gentleman in every sense of the word — \ to leave his position of influence at home, to- pass by all his own .4\ countrymen so neglected and so spiritually destitute, and go and ; associate himself with a few savages in the remote islands of the | Pacific? Now, I might be content to answer very shortly. If the ; Lord called him, then he had no choice. It has pleased the Lord to I set divers orders of ministers in His church, to instruct, watch over, [ and extend it until His coming. Again— learned doctors, as teachers, ; to ponder in their studies and set forth in their books the deep things ;? of God— pastors, in their various dignities' of bishops, priests, and { deacons, to watch over and feed the flock— -missionaries, as evan- : gelists; to extend the Redeemer's kingdom, and go forth among the ? heathen, telling them that the.Lord is king. The church recognises ; arid honours each of these ministries of the Word. When the Holy \ Ghost said, ' Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto j I have called them,' the church at Antioch parted instantly with her j two most gifted ministers, and sent them forth to be the first mis- ! sionaries to the heathen. Arid, dcubt it not, God's Holy Spirit leads j and directs the children of God even now, and opens plain ways for them to walk in ; and when they hear the voice of the Spirit calling th em to go forth , th ey must go— careless of all worldly con sidera tions, careless of honour and reputation, careless of ridicule and contempt, careless even of the wants of the 'church at home — content to be as fools, and to be counted as fools, so that they obey the Word of the Lord, and go forth; in. what direction soeyer He sendeth them. Bishop Patteson was no mystic entbu- ! siast— anything rather— -but as a humble, sober-minded Christian, walking not after the flesh, but after the Spirit. When the invitation reached him to go forth to these islands, he assuredly gathered that the Lord had called him to preach the gospel unto them ; and being called, he went with' his immense linguistic and philological powers, as with a new gift of tongues, to proclaim the Redeemer's kingdom in the thirty various dialects of Melanesia. This, then, was to him a sufficient justification of his work,; that he knew himself to be called \ of God to it. But I will riot rest uponthis alone. I do protest with \ all my heart and soul against this grievous and deadening error, that i we are to do nothing for the heathen until the work of converting our brethren at home is finished. Such an assumption would evince a I complete ignorance of the past history of the church, its present \ work, and its future hope. For I would ask, did the Apostles confine \ themselves to Jerusalem and the narrow limits of Judea until the \ whole nation of the Jews were converted unto Ohrist? Thank God, \ they did not. As in private duty bound, and in acccordancc with \ the instructions of their Divine Master, they preached the gospel to | the Jews first, from Jerusalem to the remotest village of Galilee; and \ then they hastened on, knowing that the time was short, and went \ from country to country, and city to city, preaching the glad tidings % of the Kingdom of God. Everywhere the result was the same. There -j were some whose hearts God opened to attend unto the things % preached ; some who said, ' We will hear thee again of this matter ;' \ some who cared for none of these things, and some who were bitterly \ hostile to them. It is the same now. If we had churches placed at I intervals of every half-mile throughout the country, there would be \ many who would never enter in. They do not care for the things of \ God, they do not like them. In their present state, it is out of the -i power of the most gifted man upon earth, though he have the spirit \ of an apostle, to do anything more than deliver his testimony against \ them. We can preach the gospel as a witness, but we cannot con- i; vert one single individual by it. Conversion, which means the ?; turning of men from sin to God, belongs not to us : it is the work of the Spirit of God alone. The wind bloweth where it listeth, you ' hear its sound; but no power on earth can change its direction, or cause it to blow or cease its breath. So is every one that is born of the Spirit. In regard to this country, the gospel is preached as a testimony throughout its length and breadth. There are churches and chapels everywhere ; almost too many. The time has come for us to send forth labourers to other fields, to gather in the Lord's elect from the four winds of heaven. And as to the future hope of the church — she never expects to see the world converted unto Christ until He come to take the kingdom. She has no warrant or right for such expectations. But she knows that the gospel must be preached as a witness unto all nations, and the elect must be gathered in — ' A great multitude that no man can number, of all ;; nations .and kindreds and peoples and tongues.' Then shall the end be, and the glorious kingdom of the Lord be ushered in, when 'many shall come from the east and from the west, and shall sit down with Abraham and Isaac and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven.' And besides this, she has received a direct and express command from her Divine Lord to effect this work of gathering out the elect by going forth into all the world and preaching the gospel to every creature. Blessed, then, are those sons of the church who have undertaken this work. Blessed for their self-denial and bravery. Blessed because they are executing their Lord's commands and fulfilling His purposes : they arc causing our Father's house to be filled, they are preparing and making straight the way of the Lord Jesus. And blessed also are all those who honour and reverence the missionary's work, who remember him in prayers, who minister to him of their substance, who, receiving a prophet in the name of a prophet, shall receive a prophet's reward themselves. My Lord, the warm manner in which this meeting has received this present resolution may be taken as expressing our deep sympathy for and strong appreciation of the mission work, not only on account of the infinite blessing which the gospel brings to the poor benighted heathen, but for our own sakes also, because in the wise counsel of God the preaching of the \- gospel to all nations has been inseparably connected with the coming I again of our blessed Lord. Bemembering, then, how under the altar f of heaven the souls of them that ave slain for the word of God, and I the testimony which they held, do cry aloud for the hastening of that [ blessed time, we pledge ourselves to more fervent intercession for ': and a more hearty support of the Melanesian Mission, thereby in our I measure to promote the speedy evangelisation of the- world, and so hasten that for which the souls of the martyrs and ourselves also both i! cry and groan — to wit, the redemption of the body by the resurrection ? from among the dead, and by the coming again of our Lord and ? Saviour Jesus Christ.' v The Eev. Eobert Potter addressed the meeting in support of the ?? resolution. He said — 'I will direct your attention to one special :: characteristic of such works as the Melanesian Mission. — a charac teristic from which they derive a glory peculiarly their own. No doubt the civilised heathen of Europe and Australia have their claims ' on Christ's disciples as well as the uncivilised heathen of Polynesia, :? and work for the former is as greatly needed as work for the latter, J and I fear greatly more hopeless. But the one work calls for personal sacrifice, and risk and hardship, infinitely more than the other. And i the endurance and practice of these calls forth the persevering ' exercise of the highest Christian virtues in the highest degree — ) courage, and faith, and loye of Christ, and constancy, and self-denial. \ And this is why the missionary to the heathen receives always the \ church's highest praise. To fight behind the walls of the fortress is I good work, and cannot be dispensed with, but to volunteer for the j forlorn hope will always win from every true man the most enthusi ;? astic applause. Bishop Patteson volunteered for the forlorn hope, \ and both in his fight and in his fall he won such a crown of glory as I falls to the soldier of Christ not once or twice in an age. And so I '( think that out of the varied and profound feelings which have stirred i our hearts since we heard of his death, one at last has emerged and \ become dominant. Not sorrow for the loss of such a man, not ; humiliation at the thought of our own utter unworthiriessin.com } parison of him, nor yet anxiety for the work he so loved and which ; is now left without his guidance, nor even indignation at the accursed I traffic which was the cause of his murder ; but rather this, exultation { for the new glory which God in Him has given to the church. We I have added another martyr to the noble army. In these latter days, ' and in these remote regions of the earth, it has been given to the I Church of England to emulate— in the person of one whom we have 'i seen and spoken with, one whom we have known and loved — the i holiness, and zeal, and self- sacrificing labours, and the glorious death of the apostles and martyrs of old. We are called upon to-night to j| deny ourselves a little, that we may give practical expression to pur | sympathy with the little band of labourers which mourns his loss ; I our sympathy also with the work they are doing for God with their I lives in their hands, amidst perils of the sea and perils of the heathen, ;i and, worst of all perils, by reason of those false brethren who are I unworthy to be compared with the falsest and most cruel of barba i rians. And by such practical expression of sympathy we shall be I offering, in the terras of the resolution, ' the best and most fitting ; tribute ' to the memory of one who is from henceforth numbered \ amongst the holiest of saints and the noblest of martyrs.' ! The resolution was put and carried; and a collection was made, ] which realised £37 17s. 4d. ; It was agreed, on the motion of the Very Eev. the Dean, seconded ; by Mr. Hy. Jennings — ' That the Bishop be requested to use such 1 representations to his Worship the Mayor as he thinks right to induce I him to call a meeting of the citizens of Melbourne to consider ; whether steps should not be taken to memorialise Her Majesty the i Queen concerning the abuses of the labour trade in the Pacific.' ? On the motion of the Eev. C. T. Perks, seconded by Mr. E. Sellar, the meeting expressed its gratified appreciation of the brotherly ?? sympathy expressed towards the Melanesian Mission in its present bereavement by the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, the Presbyteries of Melbourne and Geelong, and by the ? members of the Wesleyan District Meetings of Melbourne, and v Sandhurst and Castlemaine. ? The singing of a hymn brought the proceedings to, a close. [We regret that we have been unable to obtain reports of the able ^ addresses delivered by the other speakers. — Ed.] 