THE WHITE SPECTRE. " I Am s ghost. Tremble not. Fear not me; The dead are ever good and innocent, And love the living. They are cheerful creatures, And quiet ae the sunbeams, and most like In grace and patient love and spotless beauty The new-bom of mankind." -" The Fool's Tragedy." Mr. Drayton had retired for the night, but somehow sleep apparently vanished from his eyes. He tossed restlessly to and fro upon his conch; he felt feverish and ill, he seemed to have a presentiment that something awful was about to happen. His wife, whom he had loved with a passion akin to adoration, was dead, and her loss had affected him very much. Not long; had they been permitted to enjoy the holy ties of wedlock, ere death had seized her, and cut her down; she sub missively obeyed the mandate. The short time they had lived together passed away in one continual stream ot happiness. He did not know how much he had loved her until he saw her pale, motionless features clad in the robes of the grave, and knew that she was gone from him for ever, the thoughts of which were exceedingly painful to him. Had he been one of those fortune hunters who infest every city he would perhaps have been glad at the death I of one whom he married for money; ' but Mr. Drayton had married for love, and therefore none need be surprised [ that the death of her in whom all his proudest hopes and ambition were centered affected him in the way it did. I think it was the thoughts of her which ever and anon flitted across his mind, that assisted to keep him awake. He fancied that he saw her j lovely face, partially hidden by beau tiful auburn curls, which drooped gracefully over her well-proportioned shoulders, and had so attracted him' when he first saw her. But, alas ! ii was only fancy. How he longed to clasp her to his bosom, and kiss her rosy cheeks as in days of yore, but those happy seasons had for ever flown, and Mr. Drayton was alone. As he lay there in his quiet cham ber, thinking of this and other past events which had for ever passed into ob livion, his reverie was disturbed by a bright light which suddenly illumin ated his room. Ilis first impression was that the house was on fire: but this illusion was dispelled by the fact that it was too soft; and faint for a fire. While he meditated on its pos sible origin, he was surprised to see the lair features of his deceased wife, who, completely dressed in white, was looking at him from the midst of the light. Mr. Drayton was 110 believer in ghosts, nor did he credit the preten sions of modern spiritualism, but the apparition of her whom he had but re cently committed to the earth certainly startled him, and for the moment he fancied that there was something- more in gho6ts than he usually believed. Like other apparitions, it aid not last long-, but after waving- an adieu, it vanished, and the chamber was again dark. Next morning he mentioned his night's adventure to one or two of his friends, upon a pledge of secresy; but ghost stories cannot be kept secret, and it was soon spread abroad that the ghost of Mrs. Drayton had visited her husband. The most superstitious of those who heard the tale predicted that it was a warning for Mr, Drayton, who would shortly be compelled to join his wife in the distant spirit land. Nor was the ghost content with once visiting her husband, but every night, at the same hour and place, it entered his chamber add stood facing him. " Perhaps you were dreaming," one gentleman, named Belle, suggested when Mr. Drayton told the story of the. repeated visits of the white spectre. " I could content myself with that suppqsition if it only occurred once," replied Mr. Drayton; " but when you remember every night as regular as clock- work the ghost appears, you will scarcely suppose I should be dreaming.1' j "But surely you will not oonfe&s; that you are so childish as to believe in ghosts ?" i " Well," Mr. Drayton said, " what can one say else ? here ° I am visited eVery night-'by the shade of inyde ceased wife, and I see her as plainly as I now see you." " Possibly; but you will remember that fancy imprints upon the brain the form of one whom we may think often about, which form is reproduced at certain times and places. Now, as the last sight of your late wife was when she was in her coffin, it is iio wonder that her form should be so photo graphed upon your brain, and that you should see her in those idendical clothes." Mr.. Drayton looked exceedingly sceptical as to his plausible explanation of his ghostly visitant. " Admitting what you allege," he answered, "do you you think the automatic mental action is sufficient to account for the ap pearance of my deceased wife every night, in exactly the same place and position, and for the fact that she goes through the same evolutions on each visit with the precision of a ballet-girl in a pantomime ? If you do, I do not." " The fact of its performances being so automatic compels me to think that it is but the result of mental action; because, were it a visitant from the land of the ' dear departed,' I am in clined to think it would exhibit more variety in its performances." " That may be," responded Mr. Drayton ; " but if you were to remain in my chamber, and did not see it when I did, I should be inclined to credit your theory; but at present I really cannot." " Have you any objections to my remaining in your chamber to-night, so that we may try the experiment ?" asked Mr. Belle. " None whatever," replied the ghost seer; and it was arranged that Mr. Belle should remain with Mr. Drayton to explore the mystery of "The White Spectre." Precisely at the usual hour the ap parition appeared, went through its usual evolutions, and disappeared. Mr. Belle fancied he saw something too earthly to lead him to conclude that the spectre was a visitant from the spirit land, so he quietly lit the lamp and started on ^ voyage of disco very. Mr. Drayton's apartment and the adjoining room were separated by a wooden partition, and on going to the opposite fide Mr. Belle saw a magic lantern recently extinguished, with a moving slide containing the picture that had just been shown on the wall. This had been ingeniously fixed to throw its light through a small aperture used for ventilation. Here was the whole thing as clear as daylight j liut although the mystery of the spectre was thus exposed, as great a mystery remained unsolved. Who was the perpetrator of the trick ? All the domestics emphatically denied it, and Mr. Drayton knew them too well to disbelieve thein. It was sup posed that some one entered by the window, which was not properly se sured, produced the ghost, - and vanished, coming back for his apparatus when all was quiet. But, however it was, the white spectre never again visited Mr. Drayton, and everything went on as before. ETOILE. 