NOTHING IN THE PAPERS! Oh, dear! oh, dear! I'm out of work; I'm unemployed ; ? I've got nothing to do. Most people look upon having nothing to do as the acme of felicity — they consider such a state of affairs as typical of a state of holiday. I don't; I find that to do nothing, and do it properly, is precious hard work. With a week before me, such as has been the last— nloesn't that sound like a raddyismf — whence to draw my usual contribution, I feel much like any oder man would who had to get water from a pump whilst the sucker was gone on a picnic. Really and seriously though — you may laugh if you like— -doing nothing is no easy task ! Even the boy sitting on the gate couldn't get through' his day of idleness without ' zuckin vat beacon,' Nevermind, I'll. chew the cud of my reflections, and go on. Fytte ye first, Friday. The days of Pastor and Corydon have, returned. Ba-a, Ba-a ! Here come ye Lambkins and ye shepherd, pipe in mouth. ' Hie, Rover, get around boy — Comitohsel !' It's only a friendly meeting after all. The Lambs seek a conference with the wolves of Waratah and Lambton ! Swin burn and Melville, you are to attend the. ap peal' court1 at Newcastle; don't forget your books and documents — they may be useful. Virgo, the Virgin — no, that ain't it — letter from Mr. Verge read. What did he say?: The mayor is to write to the Minister for Lands again. How does that be-pestered individual get through the reading of all his correspon dence? He must surely be Argus-eyed and devoted to his business, or he cannot peruse it all. I shouldn't care much for. his billet. Saturday.— Intense excitement at Wickbam, flags and banners and bands of music parad ing the soapworks ! The slaughteryard in a state of intense excitement ! Who are you voting for— White or, Callow? The people generally callows ' as ' to'.' the result Two lots put up ! Going, gentlemen, going, at sixteen votes only, sixteen votes! Nobody bid any more 1 Going, gentlemen — third and ' last time ! Gone ! Mr. White's sold — who's the buyer? Callow is taken into the council at .r)0 votes. — Just time enough td run into the bakehouse. One drunk. McLean remanded again. A fisherman's walk is three steps and overboard, McLean's is four steps and a grat ing. I once saw a polar bear at the Zoo — poor McLean beats him hollow. Mary Roy— - this should surely have been MaryReine — you see you did steal Andrews' clothes after all ! Why did you do it ? Was it that you wanted tn wf»:ir r.Vi#» r» — a. Manv wnmpn i\n. T Irnnw but tke style of dress even a la Bloomer, is unbecoming and destructive to family peace. Away! away! — Dr. B — kes waits for me at Wallsend ; he is to meet his constituents. Fluent and soft of speech is he. Will he put the come- hither on them 1 I arrive, t walk about. I endeavour to amuie myself. Find I must find my own sources of amusement if I want any. Time passes slowly. Walleend is not a particularly interesting place. People look at one another and whisper. Don't know who I am I suppose. Begin myself to doubt my own identity when stumbling up some steep steps I find myself in a dimly-lighted apartment in company with a deal table, a painted chair, enough light to be too little, too little a meeting to be enough, and the member for Northumberland. Adjournment, and a rush to the bar, Mrs. Johnson most attentive nnrl nvnvirfrliincr vttvv crnc\A Tvinro waitinrr ? toting round I should say — and return to the city with a pen-and-ink sketch of the doctor in my pocket. People say its too goodlook ing — and so to bed. Sunday. — Too bad of that whale to come and disturb us on Sunday, wasn't it? Must have been badly brought up. Maybe Jonah forgot the days of the week, when swallowed by . our visitor's progenitor he was down in the mouth and inclined to blubber, and so never explained for the benefit of the celacece that Sunday was a day of rest, and that bal last must not be discharged on that day.' Tis said, and with considerable force of argument, that it was not a whale at all, but a large fish specially prepared — not this one, but Jonah's. However, a sugar-stick wont last for ever, nor did the whale's visit He moved off in about half an hour, heading south and by derrick, a quarter derrick. Some people said he was going home to his mother to die in the spring. I don't know anything about it. Do you ? — '? Special train for Mr. Byrnes— Sunday. Good example to set, Mr. Byrnes. I wonder did you give one thought to the extra labour you im posed on the men whose wages you cut down, and whose Sunday's rest you broke into ? If you go on like this, Mr. Byrnes, you'll meet with other burns, by-and-by. Monday.— Wickham again ! Immense ex citement ! The returningofficer officially an nounced to the council clerk the result of the poll ? it had proved too greasy for one to climb, but' the other competitor reached the top and carried off the prize — the honor of re presenting the Railway Villager — Police ! Po ? lice ! Three drunks and two others who com bined drunk with disorder. Alexr. McUarey, fortunately for you, the bench, though unable to quote tbeir authority, refused to adjudicate under the- Towns Police Act. I wonder who authorised them to take this step \ They are there to carry out the law as they find it — to fulfil the-law, nut to dBstroy~itr~'Not~with' them, but with those who passed the act the responsibility of any proceedings taken under it. I think they have no more right to think in a case of this sort than has a midshipman. They think differently. What do you think 1 I know what you would think, and what they would think if cither of you were knocked - down and injured by a furious driver. But circumstances alter, cases,, you know, and all we can do is to wait patiently until Dickon, the Driver, takes the matter up. — 'I'm off to Maitland early in the morning ! I'm off to Maitland early in theday !'.. Where's Toby? How in the name of goodness could it be sup posed' that any court would have Cheeke enough to proceed with the collision case in the absence of Toby. Alas, poor Toby ! I'll tell you what's upwith him. He's been told that his namesake has been discarded by Mr. Punch and his worthy lady, and he's hankering after a free pass to the Royal to see how they get on without him. How's.this ? No jury ! Only six men on the panel not interested in the new company. The venue ii' changed— Sydney is to be: the scene' of contention— good word that; vide Mercury. Saw East Maitland— inspected it! Who, wrote the poem known, as the De serted ,V,Hlage ? Nothing, like a government for making a mess of a township. ' Saw West Maitland also. Thought itwas Sunday.. Only found but my mistake on getting, my hair cut. Saw the protectionist knight ; he was sporting an impDrfctdjiWJg, ' Principle! good, practice bad. — All colonial horsfe: ire- 'not like' the Upper Hunter Counerfo. 'qagrViul ^ncy tnat jmust be a shave. I'd like to examine the brute. — Lifeboat committee did not sit — some of the crew absent at the collision. Betting 'on the event, three to one either way. Early application is requested to the new bookmaker. Odds taken or given — business done on com mission — from A Farthing and upwards. [What's the price of the Spy? This by way of interpolation. Maitland full of nautical men. The Navigation Board has issued instructions that the navigation of the Hunter River up to a point, an inch and a half beyond Morpeth, shall form part of the examination of masters and mates applying for certificates. Charts of the mud-banks to be issued every four hours; fog charts as may be- required. Patres con hcripti. Four in number discovered studying the Gentleman's Magazine. What the Dickens kid they want to do that for? The boss, under the portico, with a thumb in each waistcoat pocket, casting despairing glances up and down the street. No meeting, gentlemen. The pre sent state of the banking account does not ren der it necessary that vigorous measures should be taken, etc., nor is it desirable that the site of the markets should become the property of the council, nor is it requisite that the council should know anything about grassing the sandhills.— Eistedfodd at Waratah. Wonder ful harping! The minutes of the last meeting were confirmed and read — no, stop a minute, let me see, that's wrong — the council only re ceive reports before they read them. Well, what then — don't we all do the same with our letters ? Ut, ut, mon ! — what's yer wull ? They maun gang their ain gait. How nice, is it not, to think that a drain may be cut through the A. A. Company's land. Mr. Perry — you'd better get on with your contract Alderman B — d, you're a funny fellow ! How about Jacob's well? Hadn't alderman McMichael better send his muttons there, not forgetting the wands ? What a frightful admission ! ' I never knew before that they had any asses in Waratah. Did anybody-ever see any in the council chamber? I fancy alderman McMi chael had one or two of them in his mind's eye when he spoke. No names, gentlemen, if you please. I was not aware that the mayor needed any instructions to sue defaulting rate payers. Possibly my copy of the Act is wrong though, so I will say no more on that subject. The council is to have a call ! In the old country cauls cost half-a-crown, and were looked upon as safeguards from drowning. Is a flood expected in Waratah? — Lambton, dur ing the evening of this day, was stirred to the very depths of its political soul, and received medical advice. The doctor — whence the title? — delivered himself into the hands of the Phi listines and — out of them. Clevah fellah ! monstr's clevah fellah ! Full of promises as an egg is full of meat. What about the pie crust ? His political creed, as announced at Lambton, is a most desirable one — nothing could be better; but what is the use of having a good piano if you cannot play on it ? Did you ever hear of cabbage leaves being done up in choice Havannahs? 'Pon my word, if I could only trust him I'd go in big licks for him — I would, indeed. Doctor, doctor — ' If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them.' Tuesday. — The lambs and the wolves went before the privy council, the highest judiciary court in the kingdom. The Act was sat upon, the Executive Council was sat upon, and the Governor was *at upon. The wolves prevailed and the lambs were scattered. Full many a wolf, as fell, deceives the shepherd and devours the flock — none shall they injure. ACT THE FIRST. SCENE THI FIRST. Baisa the curtain ! Sound the gong ! The Forum discovered— sitting on it the Siamese Omars ! Sound the gong again ! Euter (H.) the mayor of Lambton, with his poue comitatus, life-guardsmen and policeman. Enter (L ) the appellants. Camr speaks— ' I am Sir Oracle, And, when I ope my lips, let no dog baric.' Who's for the appellants ? Interjection on my part ! I had rather be a dog and bay the moon, Than such a Roman ! Enter, the ghost of tbe Solioitor-General, supported by Mr. Darley. Genera) consternation, tableau, and allegorical representation of A PROHIBITION ! General stampede, daring which Mr. B ? r's necktie dances a breakdown, and C ? y gets ready to call on the police cases ! GRAND CHANGE. The wolves and tbe Iambi and the demon of litiga tion ! The head of tho big drum bursts ! Sally out into Hunter-street, ai.il rally. Corruscation of judicial talent ! Old P ? n stands on his head ! Fall of the curtain, and an apology from the manager ! Sold again ! Who'll have another ha'porth? Conversation overheard in the green room-. — Brother, brother, we are both in the wrong '? The theatre was subsequently thrown open to the public. Two drunkards appeared on the boards, their first appearance, of course, on that or any stage. Nine tailors make a man, nine seamen make a combination, eighty-one tailors refuse to go to sea. ' Hail, Columbia ! happy barque.' Let's Burvey her. — Gates and cakestalls sold. Great Hopes of No. 1, 2, and 3 booths doing well. James the Dealer speculates. Watts in the saddling paddock! Ought to have a good day s racing on the 9 th. Wednesday. —Two obscenists, and the 'Co lumbiads that won't go off. N.B. — Colum- biads are pet American guns. Surveyor pre sent ; been up in the Cross-tree^ upper fore topsail-yard and mainyard leaking ; sounded the pumps ; found 00001,250 inches had been made in 12 hours ; fears entertained lest the harbour should be shoaling in consequence; discovered that the crew were well fed, and there was not a stun'-sail boom in the ship. Said Mr. Selfe, at Port Louis, in the Mauri tius, to a seaman who complained of bad food, ' Oh, they give you beef, and duff, and pork, and pea-soup, and all such stuff as that, do they 1 Well, I'll give you three months on, .the' road, with hard labour and all such stuff as that, d'ye see V ? The Columbiads napped it too, six months each, and they can't combine to do it between them. — On the very same day Mr. Byruea was rushing over the Great Northern Line, five men — who were not ministers of the Crown— were caught throw ing; ballast over-board. On thin day, Thurs day; they paid -7s. Gd. eaoh for the privilege. Query. How much did Mr. Byrnes pay for his ticket? When I was studying Cornelius Nepos, pone meant behind, but the pony was in front of the milk cart when, water-con, stable Williams stopped it and prevented an accident. You should always put the horie before the cart aud a bolting pony behind it. —4* * monkey's tail fines off towards the end! so doe* the week's matter. I hardly know what to say about Wednesday, beyond won't. I have. In fact men's minds seem to be absorbed in the contemplation of the grand gathering of the Druids and the sports to be provided for the occasion.—- Mr. A-n-ld seems particularly busy just now ; as why shouldn't he be t— The Fire Brigade, including H— y P-iT, are getting the, hose in readiness for the water, intending to; nave a practice up the river on the 9ih, Captain.Webb, C.B. K.C.B. in command. I hope they will enjoy them selves thoroughly, and see that the Crocodile gets a full report of their proceedings, for the reporter of that journal, unlike a bird, cannot be in two places to wunst. Thursday. — Well now, I am fairly bothered, I confess. Thursday was a dies non — Mr. B ? r mended peus. I didn't see C ? y, by-the- way — I wonder what he was doing 1 Perhaps he was seeking a clue to the parties who are stripping the clothes lines of a night. I'll tell you who I did see, though. I saw C ? -e H ? 11, with a new broom over his shoulder. Could he have been- going out to sweep the racecourse down. Likely enough j he really is a most indefatiguable hon. sec. Beyond this, nothing worth mentioning hap pened. Friday. — No police buaines again ! How is this ? What's the use of a man's having a mouth if he's nothing to put in it? What's the use of a gaol if you can't hunt up priso ners for it C— — y 1 — Failing home news, I sought for foreign. I discovered — vide Even ing News,- extract- from tbe Illawarra Mer cury — that a gentleman at Wollongong has a hen in his possession that has laid 150 eggs without ceasing ! Query : How long did it take her to do it ?— and that there ia still no sign of abatement iu her produc tiveness in that respect. When, in the name of conscience, does the poor feathered biped cluck 1 —I am going this evening to be pre sent at a grand bump feeling demonstration ; some of our leading citizens are to have tbeir hair raffled, aud their utmost thoughts and feelings, as indicated by swellings on their cocoa-nuts, reveuled. The Heavy father is to preside. Who's afraid 1 If I've got time I'll give you some particulars before closing. I'd like to see all the aldermen go in for this examination ! What intense fun — to them selves, of course— the ensuing exposure would be. C ? t is to be searched to see if he suffers from the bump of self-esteem.' M'Lean's bump of acquisitiveness is to be brought up under Habeas Gorpus for illustra tion, and several volunteers are to be tested for the organ of combativeness. — J ? e C ? r, I regret to say, has uot yet got the use of the Court-house, for his water-works. I'm afraid the Redhead lagoons are threaten ing serious opposition — both of them reqrire pipes to get along. — According to promise, I went to hear the lecture. Heard part of it. The chairman must have heaid all of it. Saw a vast number of organic remain?. Heard ' that Mr. Volkner, the missionary, was eaten by the Maories ; never heard it before. Knew that Kereopa ate one of his eyes, but that was all. Hau Hau skull shewn to me. Was told that the same type existed in Newcastle — dark, bigoted, superstitious. Of such, said the lecturer, were those who neg lected to light the city with gas, and attend to the sewerage aud drainage questions. To whom could the lecturer's remarks have applied, I wonder ? Thought he had lost his head on one occasion, but he eventually found it and expatiated upon it, and stated that he meant to give three more lectures, dividing each one into about 125 heads. Shall go and hear him again. Found the lecture interest ing. Adieu, my friend ; I kiss my hand to you. 