NEWS BY THE ENGLISH MAIL. return of the emperor to berlin. ! A correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, writ ing from Berlin on the 17th March," thus des cribes the return of the Emperor : — j " At half-past five o'clock this afternoon, His. Majesty Wilhelm I., 'the victorious,' Emperor of the. German Reich,, and JCing of Prussia made his entry into his aricSstrril.oapital'uridcr oircum- stanoes of far less pomp and circumstance than those attending his visit to the Emperor Napo leon at Paris in that Exhibition year — the name of which is written in /water — 1867. Then, all the splendour and all the pageantry at the com mand of the most powerful, luxurious, and hospi- tablo Empire on the Oontineut were lavished on the reception of a Monarch whose government a few weeks before had been within an ace of com ing to blows on tbe Luxembourg question with France. Napoleon III. seemed desirous oflaying that ugly ghost iu a red sea of gold. He sur feited his 'Royal Brother' with attentions. Tho Palaco of the Elysee had been deemed good enough for the PadiBhah, but the King of Prus sia wus lodged in a wing of the Tuilcries itself. Well do 1 remember the sunny afternoon on which the Imperial and Royal cortege swept through the glorious length of the Rue di Rivoli — the State carriages, with their matchless horses, blazing with gilt and burnished trappings — the glittering casques and corselets of the Cent Gardes, the stars and ribands and crosses of the Staff, tbe wondrous show made by the French Imporial Grenadiers as they turned out at the maiu guard at the Louvre, their eagle in the centre, to present arms to the illustrious guest.' And very distinctly do I remember; too the glacial silence of tbe enormous multitude as the dazzling cavalcade streamed along. A fow mouc- hards, stationed at certain intervals, made bold to cry, 'Vive l'Empcreur !' and even ' Vive le Roi de Prusse !' and one of them got knocked down by a man in a blouse, for his pains. For tbe rest, tlie Parisian populace stared at tbe show, as in a theatre they would have gazed upon a splendid' spectacle with actors who were distasteful to them.; They behpld.. but did not applaud., That', night in tbe cahs, they sneered at and disparaged what tbey bad Been, or spitefully circulated tbe' bitter jest attributed to Count Bismarck, when Napoleon inquired whether the King of Frussia did : riot /find '/Paris ' much altered 5 since his last yi|it./; j 'Assuredly ; ir,but/?His ( MajeBty i always /enters by4 the Porte'Sti'Deriis.1' " 'It was through "that gate, with all Louis XIV. 's vain trophies- overhead, that Prince William of Prussia had ridden, a mere lad, in_the wake of the Allied Armies, in 1815. Fiftyseven years have elapsed, and, after wisely abstaining from entering in triumph the capital which his soldiers would have trampled under; their, feet, ,the boy .Prince cif Hohenzollern— now a bronzed veteran of se ven ty- four— now a mightier conqueror than the winners of Leipsic and Waterloo — now an Emperor of Germany— comes home to Berlin in the quietest and simplest manner - conceivable. I have seen tho High Sheriff of an English county make a grander show when, with his javelin-men, be has gone forth to welcome tbe judges at assize time. ' The Linden yesterday i was crowded,- Ib'ut riot inconveniently so : nor even at the moment when the Imperial cortege passed was the crowd by .any means dense. Flags and escutcheons of the Prussian1 eagle 'abounded;- 'and/in-the Ctrium'ojf Field-Marshal voriWrarigel's Palace, close to the. Brandenburg Gate, were visible three handsome busts,-, representing, ither- Emperor, r.the/ Crowd Prince," and Prince Frederick Charles, with Field- Marshal's batons:beneatb,uarid mounted on hand! some pedestals. A gigantic banner, in white silkj with the Prussian eag1e, ;sable, also waved over Marshal von Wrarigel's residence. The Palaces of .Count .Werdep,, .. prince , Radzivil, -,Prince Bluclier, Prince1 Adalbert, the 'High Admiral and the Russian . Embassy, were also gorgeously decorated. The arrival" of the Emperor. at the Potsdapt-raihyay-station, whither he.had to come from Weirfiaiy had been' anriorinced for 4.15 p.m., but it was nearer five o'clock when the Im-; perial train .drew /up in. ,tho terpiinus. ; ; Here a handsome tent had been prepared, draped with scarlet cloth, the columns/adorned with banners,' festooned, and heraldic achievements. The Em-: peror was - received , by only , the; members of his family, and by a few military officers of high' rank. He had declined any formal kind of official welcome, and any infliction of burgomagisterial oratory ; and it was even understood that he had deprecated anything like a public illumination of Berlintarid/bad -positively forbidden fireworks.! The city, however, was illuminated on the most; extensive and: the most magnificent scale. Enter ing the equipages waiting at the station, the Im perial party drove through : theLinksstrasse rind: the Koniggratzer-strassc, and so, skirtiog the! Thier Garten, to the Brandenburg Gate. Close to this I was stationed, and I give you without! amplification, the components of the spectacle./ First came the Prefect of Police, Von Wurrab, onj horseback ; and after him about a dozen mounted! members of the Schutzmannschaft, or police! force; arid/then a'yery plajn open barouche -and-' -pair, /'preceded iby ; a - single outrider,1 followed j along at a trot. In this barouche were the Em-; peror and Empress of Germany — the former in his inevitable uniform and spiked helmet, muffled, / moreover, in a grey cloak, which had seemingly seen much service ; the latter in a simple walk- ; ing dress. A royal carriage, double-bodied and closed, which had doubtless been provided in1 case of rain, succeeded - Then, came, in a smaller barouche," likewise" drawn by two horses, the Crown Prince andrPrinccss of Prussia. Another anff ri rriore ' unpretending ' vehicle contained the , Grand Duke of Baden aria an aide-de-camp. This was alii There was no escort of cuirassiers or of- uhlans, although plenty of soldiers of those- corps, off duty, wore standing on the pavement, placidly smoking: 1 The Eiriperor 'was so muffled up in his grey gabarine that not much of his face could be seen but he waved his hand continually and cordially to his loving subjects. The Im perial Crown Prince was in exceUent form, and the Crown Princess looked radiant. Her oldest son, Prince Wilhelm, a pretty little lad, wonder fully stiff in military garb, was with his Imperial parents. The Grand Duke of Baden had a com placent mien— not to be wondered at, in a poten tate who, looking at matters generally, has made rather a good thing - of it than otherwise. The cheering of the people was certainly unani mous, but it was not very demonstrative. The Imperial carriages bad perhaps goue for five minutes on their way to the Schloss, when a fresh group of equipages drove through the Branden burg Thor, and. frosh. plaudits and wavings of handkerchiefs greeted General Von Roob, the Minister of War, aud General von Moltke, Minister ,6f Mathematics. Thfe crowd was now permitted to brook its barriers. There were earnest enquiries for Bismarck ; but the judicious Graf, whom' I' had seen driving towards the rail- wuy-stntion early in the afternoon, had gone home to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. There was no fear of the populace sibilating him there ; but Count Bismarck likcB to wrap himself up in his clothes sometimes, and puffs popularity away. I dare say, though, that he whistled his favourite ' Hallnli ' as the coachman drove him liome- wards, Home! Scin heinwig— what a journey aud what a goal ! " The enthusiasm awakened by the arrival of the Emperor at Berlin— mild as it was at first — grow strong by degrees, and at length beauti fully groat. ' Let the people alorio,' said a Ger man friend to inc, when I dwelt somewhat rue fully on the absence of noisy demonstrations; 'they will bo 1 noisy enough by and-by. The Germans do not explode like petroleum; but they kiudle gradually, like good sea coal ; and, when the fire is onco alight, the genial blaze con tinues, and needs no bellows to quicken it.' In a relative degree, the ' genial state of caloric was attained last night ; but I am informed that anothor month or six weeks must elapse before a thorough red heat, with a bright sheet of flame, glows on tho Teutoqio hearth, When the troops come back, incandescence will be complete, and ,t.he roaring of the 'furnace will be, it is ex pected, tromendous. : As yet, the public seems to !be -meditating over bottomless hcer-flagoris and inextinguishable pipes as ;to the lengths of re joicing to 'which they shall go next April— r whether thqy shall draw the lino at triumphal arches, dressed in laurel, and banquets to the re turning heroes— or whether they shall plunge into an unlimited, carnival of torchlight proces sion and .torchlight dances, of processions of blonde maidens in white musliu, bearing floral offerings, and similar triumphal diversions. : 