A PRACTICAL JOKE. (Froa the Ne. York Gazette, JTUne 17.) Fifty Baptist ministers quartered during the annual conference held in Chicago at the University, on Cot tage Grove-avenue, were thisimorninu thrown into a terrible state of necitement. To understand the situa tion, it is to be known that the committee of reception, in order to accommodate the nearly 1500 delegates expected, were driven to every expedient to provide for their entertainment. Among the other ways and means adopted, some forty or fifty of the reverend etrangere were consigned to the hospitality of the University. The boarding department of this instita tion is under the care of the Rev. W. W. Smith and his efficient wife, who, being good Baptists themselves, felt only.too happy to mioister to the comfort of-half-a hundred ministers; bat where to deposit them of nights was a grave and dilficult question. The matter was mastered, however, by Mrs. Smith, with her well. known .energy, who ordered the large chapel in the upper part of the bdildinu to be cleared out, and, despatching toanesseongers hither and thither after beds, bedding, towels, chairs, &c.;, soon transformed the ap pearanee of the room into that of a country tavern in fair time. Fifty beds were made on tile floor, and five nights passed by and thle brelthren were happy. Last evening, at a somewhat late hour, thoey returned to their quarters and prepared to retire for thie night, little dreaming of the calamity overlsnyinsc them. The nighlt piasad. It was about hanlf-past 4 thlis morning that an "early bird" began to think about the worms. Hall asleep hie felt about in the nccue tomed place for his pants; they were gone; hIis vest and coat were also missing. Nothling was to be found. The unhappy confused man sits up in bed and is puezzled to know whant has happened to him. fIao hebeenrobbed ? Hasanwbody beenmurdered? POmdu allythesethoughtspasse d througll his mind and flashced uaonhim. Then he lookedaround. WherrareBrother B's clothes P--one ! Brotfler T's big boots P gone! Where are all the piecesof clothing usually adorning thle chairs and tables about thie room ? gone-gone-not a vestige remaining. The frighlt ened minister with sereams of alarm, shouting "Robbers! Thieves I Burglars!" sprang from Isis bed, and soon the whole fifty wre made aware of the doleful situation. Tile scene that followed beggars description--indecd, forbids details. Tile fifty un clothed rushed hithller and thither in the excitement of the. moment, vainly seeking nomething they could not find. Considerable amounts of money, railroad tickets, watches, and valuables were gone, and conster nation dire sat upon every brow. One gpuld not but have pitied those distressed brethren, and yet not to have laughed at their embarrassment would have been impossible. It was ludiorous in thle extreme. A single white garment was the entire of their individual attire, with a very few exceptions. It looked like a lot of ghosts holding a grand carnival in tile early dawn. Here there could hIave been seen a preacher with one boot on-o~nly that and nothine more. Anothler rush ing around, dress as above-menltioned, with thie addi tion of a tall blneh hat, and some only the addition of n necktie. Some wralped a csheet about them,and strode solemnly up and donin thie room, adding greatly to the ghobtly, ghastly, and ridiculous appearance of the scene. " IoW shall we vrie ?el lon r?" says one. "Oh. dear me. wiat will mIy wife say when she lenris asout (ilis ?" vss anloth, r. In the neantime i," ?s?rlinc' nSon of this Ceerile pious burglarCU y Ies1 pre:rdl throusl, the buildiug, and tProfessorP n , irhin.d's, rsaisl sel's, ~ iurriie in tol hel to spampathiiia and rlois,. w,-· IsI mEisa. forndrce?pae up Ihi, unftborimissie. All ws'.i''? l r?.iei. Fifty eUis of silothisss, ail1a'.a nlon emusie ssh awl sito bigrssessonlh ftr lallt uanu l r .f Imisls rsr, Ic. ,I·sih dlv beas t lullin As usis iaisinl as di earus'ay -ua n onstie-d. 'A lhue o r'l'erial -ulgarmon'l had heas faina111sl in the LUni ra,.r-ili Clhaspel; ,a ,uhnbI.r of ts tsa qualser Ih l tairs l.ihit alowly dau Illsd u laOl thie lrOlhld souls-it wso n collego trick. The rooian t bsl en h era eared ia this nijlht br some misrhiivous stuel.uas, who had phsaed tlha pracaira joke upon ihe revernd genltlemen. W In-s ine ,ews wasc made kiowns and thle prospect of cescoverine their losl propCerty--of yet being able to g, forth clothed andl in leir riglht garment-sosull a shouL of laIuchter went up as never fifty Baptist uinistcre shouted before. A grand stampede was now made for all parts of thle building, and a thorough inquisition made for boots, lisats, cots, pants, &e.; The ladies boarding in the building prudently retired to their rooms. For an hour undressed and Ilali-dressed ministers could be seen exaploring every nookl and corner where it wans poessible for as old sloe to have been secreted. The esnrel was in thle main suecessful, and when our reprcter left everything lost, but a simple coat, had been r,,eoveredl. No money, or watchl, or other valu ables had been disturbed, and the dressed fity were once more Ihaoppy. 