SOUTH AUSTRALIA. . Adelaide, Monday. 'An abominable boax was perpetrated yesterday. Some V person wrote: on the Government notice board at the telegraph station that there was a great European war, and that Queen- Victoria was on her do alb bed, ;and that tho Ministry7 had resigned. i Several ministers ; of llie various Dis senting churches in Adelaide, Wesleyans',' Presbyterians, Independents, Baptists, aud others, offered special paryers for the restoration of- Her Majesty's health, and the restoration of peace on Sunday last. Her -Majesty's HEALTH—The intelligercp that the Queen-of Great Britain; and Emiress of India, was recovering health, was almost -too much for. the memhers of the Beechwoith Philharmonic, Society. At their meeting on Monday (last) might, they . could not disperse jintiL.ortg'vgrse:'-oi'- tlje 'Natignal Anthem had been gone through. Apropos of this subject,, we may recall the fact that there" was really good music to-word at the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth last night, also bad, for the majority who prefer that style. Sale at Chiltern. — Mr "W. Shenstone will sell at Tanner's Hotel, Chiltern, on Thursday next, twelve tons of flour, which is advertised 'to be of guaranteed quality. Tue Simonsen Opera Troupe. — The "open ing night of this company in Beechworth, was an unqualified success, both as regards at tendance and performance. It was genuinely good, and the Oddfellows' Hall was crowded with an appreciative, audience. .. Mr Harcourt Lee's solos on the piano were unanimously and heartily applauded, and Mr Daniels, though he calls himself and is- called, a baritone, sang basso songs, as though he were Jo the manner born. "We have no particular .regard for Mr Martin Simonsen, but. he. is a violinist of the true type, and proved it last night. His rendering of the two solos which lie entrusted to himself was :beyond praise; only; if he . could put soul into the music; as well as perfect mechanical execution, it. might be an improvement to some of his auditors. Miss Sharpe is a very pretty and piquante in- torpreter of serio-comic songs and- duetts", and lino flriilflnl-lir rtninflfl n An flio CTnYino+liinc of a Beechworth audience ; she deserves it. The character scenes from the operas of Gounod and Offenbach were well done, and it is too late in the day to mention, though we. must in conscience do it, that Madame Simon- sen's exquisitely-pure voice is as charming as ever, and' both upper- and lower- notes are as free from the slightest touch of discord as they have been on former occasions.. Alto gether musical Beechworth had a treat last night and will have another to-night. True lovers of music will not fail to take advantage of the opportunity. Wo need not include the eucores ; .they were, numerous, and genuine, aud included all the performers: Mr Barry O'Neil brought down the house whenever' he appeared. The European Mail.— Before this reaches our readers, the Mail Steamer Nubia,: will have anchored in Hobson's Bay. Letters and newspapers will probably, be . delivered in the Metropolis to-day, and will reach Beechworth and district to-morrow: (Wednesday.) . .The Telegraph Line.— We hear that ohe. of the wires was out of gear in the neighbour hood of the Waugaratta flats yesterday. . Sale at Wangaratta. — Mr A. Tone will sell by order of Mr R. Dunlop, at his rooms, Murphy street, Wangaratta, on Thursday next, the furniture and effects of the late Mr H. B. E. Leigh. Lecture at North Wangaratta. — We notice that Mr Brightwell will deliver a lecture on- Friday eveniug next, at the Baptist Chapel, North Waugaratta, in aid of the fuuds of the school: The subject is " Cromwell aud the Commonwealth." Self-supporting Dispensary fob Diseases of the Throat, Chest, Eye, and Ear. — In another column will be found some particulars in regard to this institution, of. which Mr J. Wilkins, F.R.C.S., .is honorary surgeon, and Captain Anisinck, honorary secretary. A Strange Story. — A correspondent sends the following to the Ballarat Star:—'1 People seem to be puzzling themselves about the Tichborue case, arid some have written volumes about the man in the iron mask; but perhaps the following account of an affair that happened to me -in. Ballarat in the year 1855 to 1800, may not oiily bo interesting to yourself and the readers of your journal, but also the meaus of clearing up what has always appeared to me to be very dark, suspicious, and perplex- iug. When a lad -of- about eight or nine years of age, I was attending St. Paul's School, ou Bakery Hill. Ou returning home one day, I saw what appeared to be a box at the bottom of a hole which was sunk, I think, on, or very near, the present site of the Ballarat Eastern Station. I mentioned to my father what I had -seen, but, like most parents, he disregarded what I said, accounting it only child's prattle. I, however, divulged my secret to one of my schoolfellows, and we determined to get a rope aud pull our treasure up, both of us thinking it was merely a giu.case, but little suspecting what it turned out to be. We both went to look for a rope, but I happened to find one first, — this rope had an iron book at the end of it. No sooner had I lowered -it into the hole, than two miners came by and asked what I was doing, and took the rope out of my hands. Immediately they pulled up an iron box, or, more properly speaking, a box with an iron oval lid, and tin sides. On the fastening was the name in raised letters, ' W. Hicks, Leeds,' the maker's name, I imagine. In pulling this up, the hook on the rope made a hole through the tin near the fastening. Inside of this box were some- books. These men then descended the hole, and soon' they sent to the surface about fifteen or. twenty, perhaps more, books; and last, though not least, a bag containing a great .number of soveroigns — liow many I cannot" tell — as these two meau follows did not act fairly with the plunder, 1 as .they carried off books aud sovereigns, leaving me iii sole possession of the box, , which my father has at this moment. I may mention that, to the best of my re collection, the hooks were mostly teachers' ; but in this I may be mistaken. The bag which qontained the sovereigns, and which was full, was about the size of a pint jug. Should. either, of the miners read this who thus .treated ine so scurvilv, I would beg of him to write his version, of the affair, and send half of his bootj- to the Ballarat Hospital. I may also state that I think the box was advertised in the Ballarat papers by my father in order .to find an owner for it, but of this I am not certain, as I have not . had - an- op portunity of asking him." ' " Wangaratta Police .Gpuai.— At this court on Thursday last, Patrick Sdllivan Was! charged with being drunk and disorderly, and- using obscene language in a public place case dismissed on a technical point. There was -no other business before the. court. Mr Walter Butler, P.M., was on the bench." Bright. — Our correspondent at Bright, writing on Friday last, informs ns that con-- tinuons rains have fallen there since Tuesday last, 'and a heavy .flood - is expected. At twenty-five minutes to nine o'clock on that evening. -a smart shock of- an -earthquake, accompanied, by. a rumbling, sound -like' dis tant thunder/was experienced there. . DEATH OF MR JOSEPH WELLINGTON. — This gentleman, whose name is intimately asso- ciated with mining operations at El Dorado, uuu "uu Aius lung ueeu one oi tue leaning residents on. the. creek, was found dead on the Melbourne road, between Beechworth and Tarrawingee," near the Golden Ball Hotel, about half-past five on Saturday evening. 'It appears that ho was travelling in a cart, and met with an overthrow. It is not ki.own whether his death was caused by a fall or by the cart coming down upon him. Mr Welling ton's death will bo mnch felt in El Dorado. An. inquest was held yesterday bv D Dempster, at the Golden Ball Hotel, Everton, and a verdipt of accidental death returned. His remains will be interred this afternoon in the El Dorado cemetery. Three Mile Creek Common School, No 736\. — It is announced that the following gentlemen will in a month from Friday last unless sound objections be made in any case, be declared members of the committee of the above school, viz.: — Messrs John James Cowan, Robert Rae, William Lack, Cornelius Dwyer, John Doig, Maurice Ellen, Thomas "F.lipTij Robert Mcintosh, snd Stephen Thomp son. Junction Snowy Creek Common School No. . 887/— -Mr I William -.Henry Greene has been appointed' a -member of tho committee of this school. " - Glencoe Junction "Gold Mining Com pany.— The yield of goli froin the Glencoe Junction Gold Mining Company's claim, Rn- therglen, for "last week was 63ozs ldwt 7grs- The prospects of this company7 are still look ing well, and .preparations are now being made for the erection of another puddling machine t which, /when finished will of course enable them to wash more dirt and larger yields of . gold may, be expected. ' A New Journal.— We have received a copy of the first; number of the .Seymour Ex press, published on Saturday last. It is admirably printed on good paper, and' con sidering the comparatively small sphere from; WHICH llu JJlcScAlu -Al» lUttiYp lUbtti iiUtTO) "Cii sub-edited. '-- Yackandandah Cricket Club.— The ama teur performance in aid 'Of: this-, fund was- 'a great success, but in consequence of the very inclement weather several of.those who. wore expected to take "part in the performance; .were' unable to attend. The whole, bqrden . fell upon the able shoulders of the Messrs Hol- list'er and Miss Watt, and Mrs Kipling , (who. ably presided at the harmonium.) After the conclusion of the entertainment, a very merry dance was kept up till a late honr. The Prisoner Quin. — By direction of the Crown solicitor, Mr W. L. Zincke has been retained to prepare the defence of James Quin, charged with the Myrtleford murder. He has we believe, instructed Mr J. J. B. Bowman to conduct the defence, so that the prisoner will in the hands of these two gentlemen, have full justice done to him. We hear also that Mr C. A. Smyth will act as Crown prosecutor at the ensuing session of the Circuit Court. Clerk of Petty Sessions at El Dorado. — Sergeant Chadwiclt, in charge of the police station at El Dorado, has been gazetted clerk of petty sessions at that place, relieving, Mr E. Quinan, of Wangaratla, of attendance. This will be a'great advantage to the residents both of . El Dorado and "Waugaratta, and -Mr Chadwick is in everyway competent to dis charge the necessary duties. The "Third Section of ; 'the North-- Eastern Railway. — The .remarks of the Chief-Secretary in the Assembly the1 other eveniug, viz : — " That certain portions of the North-Eastern line would not be completed at present, and;, a portion of . the construction fund would therefore- be available at least for a time for other works" has caused great xin- easiness ani'oug the people of \ Wangaratta. Having been: so frequeutly disappointed with the dilatoriness of the Government at the letting of tenders for the : third section, they are suspicious that the calling for tenders — . from 'the utterances of the Chief-Secretary will be shelved for an indefinite time. Mr P. Hanna; M.L.A., comes in for his due share of opprobrium, ever since that gentleman de- ceived the Wangaratta people, by promising to vote against the proporty tax, and changing his mind at Hie last moment. Has warmest supporters refrain from vindicating his acts, for his utterances unfortunately are few, all they expect from him is a bare vote, but they expect him to use it on the right side, "and above all, " not to keep the word of promise to ' the ear and break it to ' the hope." Recently Mr Hanna is losing his name as even a good Parliamentary agent, and his constituents are astonished that he does not take some ener getic action in inducing the Government to call for tenders for the third , section of the North-Eastern Railway lino without further delay. But Seymour and Benaila are already provided for, and what cares Mr Hanha for Waugaratta or Wodonga. We hear of a public meeting being held on an early date, so as to bring public pressure to bear on the members of the Murray boroughs and Murray districts, for Mr Witt is not looked oh'as blameless in the matter. ' . Meeting of Yignebons, &c.;, at Barna- wartha. — A meeting of those interested in the repeal oi tue present .Distillation Act, with a view to allowing free distillation, or the nearest possible approach thereto, on the part of vigncrons and others interested in the trade, is to he held at Bamawartha, on Thursday next at 2 p.m. The importance of the subject to be discussed, to local industries, ' will probably induce a large attendance. Suicide. — A' most determined ..act of .self-, destruction was committed yesterday after noon between four aud five o'clock by a Chinaman named Ah Cow. From what, we can learn, it appears that Ah Cow, who was. about to proceed to Melbourne on Thursday evening, but failed to securo' il seat in the coach, was brought to Mahon's- Prince of Wales Hotel, by bis brother, a market gar dener, where lie got a bed for tho night. On the following day (Friday) Ah Cow complained of being ill; and remained in his room, at tho rear of the hotel, where lie- was . seen alive about four o'clock. At a quarter, to five, how ever, his brother visited his bedroom and there found All Cow lying' on his. face and hands, in the midst of a pool of blood, a razor, with which the unfortunate, man,- committed- the rash; act of severing the jugular vein, lying near his feet. He must have gone to work in a most deterniined manner, as a look ing glass, which" had been hanging on the wall previously,- lay; near him, and lie had evidently taken; this from its place the better hw euuuti alio uuuuijr jjuajjusu ; tiiu u turner ui deceased; states that tho latter was afraid of ghosts. ; The police were informed of the occurrence, and Constable. Kennedy was soon on the spot, and the necessary steps for hold- ing an inquest will at once be taken. — Sey mour Express. , 