NEW ZEALAND GHOST STORY. THE Wellington overling paper of the 20th May teils tho following story :-A few ovenings ago a young lady who occupies tho same sleeping apart- ment, hut not the samo bed, with a younger sister, had retired to rest Bhortly boforo midnight, and waa on tho point of fulling ualcop. Tho younger Bistor had hoon asleep for Borne timo. To render tho nar- rativo clear it may bo nocossary to stnto that tho | elder Bistor'8 bcd stood in front of a window, at Borne littlo distance from it ; a chair stood botween tho bod and tho window. The young lady was lying on bor side, with hor faco to tho window, as wa said before, on tho point of dropping off to sloop, and, as she avers, without tho remotest thought of ghost or goblin crossing her mind, whon suddenly she bocamo awuro of something like a dim shadow being cast across her oyes ; she started, and turned quickly round to find herself confronted by a tall gentleman, dreBBcd. in black coat and trousers, wearing a whito waistcoat with black spots, and gloves on his hands, half leaning- over her. His figuro and features wore dearly limned against tho window, and sho instantly recognized the faco of a gentleman formerly a resident of Wellington, deceased tomo twelve months or so. Her look was only momentary, but it was clear ; and filled with terror, she screamed ropcatcdlv to her sister, who . niter eomo littlo timo awoke. Tho (¡host disappeared at Ibo first sound of hor voice, and she was too much .agitutcd to observe which way it went. Tho younger sister asked what was tho matter -, tho elder sister replied by desiring hor to cornu into tho other bed nnd sho would tell tho causo of her trouble tho morning. Having laid down beside lier tho younger sister continued to prosB the elder -v ¡th questions as to what Bho had seen or heard, at last asking; her -whether she had not seen a <raan in the room. To this tho «Idar replied that she had, ' when the younger rejoined, " Then I know who it was, it was Mr.-," mentioning the name of the very man whom her eister had, seen. Much sur- prised, the elder asked, " Bid you sae him too, then?" "Nb," »aid Ihe younger; "hut while 1 was asleop tho impression was homo vividly on ray mind that ho was in the room." On being subse- quently questioned how she carno to think that the party she named was in tho room, BOO enid sho could not tell, and had not thought of him before since his death.; but she seemed to know' intuitively that ho was present without feeling the alarm that was exhibited by her Bister. .1 