SUNDAY READING. Madame Guyoii and the Abhe ¿ - Fenelon. In the Town and Country Journal of tho June, wo gave a conversation between Mt Guyoa and Bossuet. From the Bame woi oxtract tho subjoined passagca, including a c< pondenco between Madame Guyon and tho Fenelon, who was mado Archbishop of Cam and a remnrkablo passage in the history pf a R Catholic prelate, in whom tho virtues of moo and justice adorned a mind of great intellt power : " It was a part of the system of Louis XI establish uniformity of religion, and he haè sagacity t > see that in carrying out this dii plan, he neoded tho aid of distinguished men. - AB a preliminary step, LOUÍB had revokoc edict of Nantes. This edict, promulgated in by Henry IV., embodied principles of tolera which furnished for many years a conside: degree of protection to tho French Protest Intoxicated with power, and ignorant of that sa regard which man owo3 to the religious righte principles of his fellow-man, ho had comma previously to its revocation, u series of hostile entirely inconsistent with tho term3 and princ of tho edict of Henry. The sword was drawl aid of the Church ; blood bad already been sht some places ; and it is stated that, soon afta revocation of tho protecting edict, no less than thousand families, holding their religion more cious to them than worldly prosperity, left Pram " So desirous was tho French monarch of mal tho Roman Catholic the exclusive religion 01 kingdom, that ho united together diííoront discordant syatoms of proselytism, arid added milder methoda of persuasion to tho argument of sword. Thero wore men among tho Protestants ? could never be terrified, but might possibly bo < vinced. And knowing their tenacity of opinioi not the actual strength of thoir theological posit he was desirous of sending religious teachers am thom, who woro distinguished for their-ability, ni ness, and piudonco. Under theso cirounvlan ho cast his oyo upon tho Abbe Fenelon. The young abbo waited u the king. Ile received from the monarch's lips commission which indicated tho field and tho nal of his laboura. Tho labour assigned him was difficult one of showing to the Protestants, wi: property had been pillaged, whoso families had b scatterod, and blood shod like water, tho truth i excellences of the religion of their persecuti Fenelon, who understood tho imperious disposit of Louis, and nt tho samo time felt an instinct aversion to tho violent course ho was pursuing, f tho difficulty of his position. Ho consent however, to undertake ÜIÍB trying and aim hopeless embassy on ono condition onl] namely, that thc armed force should be romo; from tho province to which ho should be sont a missionary, and that military coercion should ceo In Poitou, which Louis had assigned bim as I field of his missionary labours, Fenelon first her of Madame Guyon. He becamo acquainted w: the remarkable story of her missionary labours, her writings on religion and religious experien and of the high and somewhat peculiar chaine of her piety. His desire to know somethi more of this woman had not ceased wh< after nearly a three years' residence, he complet the labours of his missiou to Poitou, in whi he had secured the rcspoct and affection of thc from whom he differed in opinion. On his rotui in the lntter part of 1688, he passed through Mor argis, the early scone of Madame Guyon'a li Thinking it proper to learn all that he convenient could of her character, before he formed that mo intimate acquaintance which ho evidently design after his return to Paris, ho mado all tho inquirí necessary. ".Questioning several persons respectii her," saya M. do BauBcet, who had witnessed h conduct during her early years, and while sho w married, "he was interested by the unanimo testimonies which ho heard of Lor piety ai .goodoeaa. At Paris ho learned mo o distinct the facts which had reached him in tho distant fío. of his missionary labours. He learned also that si waa in disgraco with the monarch. Had Fenelo: äenowing as ho did the jealous and imperious tei denciña of the mind of Louie, consulted morel .worldly interest, ho would havo avoided ber. Bi following tho suggestions of his own benevolei tkoart, and of that silent voice which God utters i tho souls of thoso who love Him, ho did otherwisi JFonolon met Madame Ouyon for tho first tim ct the house of tho Duchess of Charos who had a retired establishment at th village of Beine, a few miieo beyond Vorsailh and St. Cyr, whoro Madame Guyon made freqnei visits. It would somewhat savo appearancos, there fore, if Fenelon could meet herbere; and according! ¿heir mooting at this iliaco scorns to have boen th result of a privato arrangement. Th6y converse together at much length-not on worldly subjects, fo . that was foreign to their feelings ; not on th external arrangements and progress of tho church xor that was a subject which had been familiar ti them from childhood ; but on . a subjec vastly moro ' important than eitliGr-that o inward religion. The immenso important of the subject, tho correspondence between tho doctrines of a transforming and sancti fying spirituality and tho dcoply-felt needs of hu own soul : he presence and fervid eloquence ol a woman, whoso rank, beauty, and tifflictions could not fail to excite an interest exceeded only by thal of her evangelical simplicity and sanctity, mado a deop impression on the mind of Fenelon. After spending a part of tho day, thoy both returned to Paris in tho Ramo carriage, accompanied by a young female nttendant, whom Madamo Guyon kept with iier, which gave them still farthor opportunity to prosecuto this convocation, nnd to explain moro particularly her viowa of religious experience and growth. From that timo ¿hey wero intimate friends. "Some day«t after my release from rr ison," sho «says, " having heard of the Abbo de Pondon, my mind waa taken up with him with much force and .-sweetness. It seomod to mo that tho Lord would ?make mo an instrument of spiritual good to him; and that, in tho expftrienco of a common apiiitual :advancomenf, Ho would unito na togothor in a vory dntimalo manner. I inwardly iolfc, howovor, that ¿kia intorviow, without failing to increase his interest in the sub'joot of the interior life, did not fully satisfy him. And I, on my part, experienced something which mado mo desire to pour out my heart moro fully into his. But there was not as yet an entiro correspondence in our views and experience, which made me suffer much on his account. It was in the early part of the next day that I saw him again (at tho house of tho Duchess of Bethune). My soul desired that ho might he all that the Lord would have him to be. We remained together for somo time_ in silent prayer ; and not without a spiritual blessing. Tho obscurity which had hitherto rested upon his spiritual views and exercises began to disappear; but still he was not yet such as I desired him to be. During eight whole days he rested as a burden on my Bpirit. During that timo my soul suffered and wrestled for him ; and then tho agony of my spirit passing away, I found inward rost. Since that time, looking upon him ns one wholly given to tho Lord, I have felt myself united to him without any obstnele, and our union of spirit with each other has iucreased over since, after a manner puro and ineffable. My soul has seemed to be united to his in the bond of divine love, as wns that of Jonathan to David. Tho Lord has given mo a view of the great designs He 1 ns upon this person and how dear ho is to Him." Tho following lotter appears to have been tho first that passed between thom : Pari3, Novomber, 1GSS. To tho Abbe do Fenelon,-I taka the liberty to - send you Homo of my writings. It is my desire that you should act tho part of a censor in regard to them. Mark with your disapproval everything in thom which comes from the imperfections of tho creature rather than from thc spirit of God. I havo othor writings which, if I did not fear to fatigue you, it would pleaso mo much to bring under your notice, to be preserved or to be destroyed, as you might think them worthy of preservation or otherwise. If I should learn that you do not consider those which are now sent as unworthy of your attention, I may send the others at some future time. As I send them in the spirit of submission to your theological and critical judgment, and with entiro sincerity, I count upon it that you will spare nothing which ought not to be spared. When you shall have road tho sheets which I havo sent to you, you will do mo a favour by returning thom with your corrections. Permit me to expect that you will deal with me without ceremony. Havo no regard to me separate from what is duo to truth and to God's glory. God has given mo great confidence in you ; but Ho does not allow mc to cause you. trouble. And you will tell me frankly when I do so. I am ready to keep up some correspondence with you. If God inspires you with different views, let me know without hesitation. I roadily submit myself to you. I have already. followed your advice in the matter of confession. And now I will turn to another subject. For seven days past, I have been in a stato of continual prayer for you. I call it prayer, although tho state of mind has been somewhat peculiar. I have desired nothing in particular, havo asked nothing in particular. But my soul-presenting continually its object before God, that God's will might be accomplished, and God's glory might bo manifested in it-has been like a lamp that burns without ceasing. Such was the prayer of Jesus Christ. Such is tho prayer of the seven spirits j who stand before God's throne, and who are well com- ? pared to seven lamps that burn night and day. It seems to mo that the designs of mercy, which God has upon you, are not yet accomplished. Your soul ia not yet brought into full harmony with God, and, there fore, I suffer. My suffering ia great. My prayer is not yet hoard. The prayer which I offer for you ia not the work of the creature. It ia not a prayer aelf-made, formal, and outward. It is tho voice of tho Holy Ghost uttering itself in the soul, an inward burden which man cannot prevent nor control. The Holy Ghost prays with effect. When this inward voice ceases it ia a sign that tho grace which has been supplicated ia seat down. I have been in this stato of mind before for other souls, but never with auch strug gle of spirit, and never for so long a time. God's designs will bo accomplished upon you. I speak with oonlidenoe ; but I thiuk it cannot bo otherwise. You may delay the result by resistance, but you oannot hinder it. Opposition to God, who comes to reclaim the full dominion of tho heart, oan have no other effect than to increase and prolong the inward suffering. Pardon the Christian' plainness with which I express myself. T. M. B. DE LA MOTHE GUYON. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 