Mining. Gold, and How it is Got. Is treating of the subject which we now take in hand, perhaps the best plan to be pursued will be to show the methods now adopted for obtaining gold, next the circumstances under which gold is found, and then to offer such suggestions as may seem desirable for the well-being of the miner, and for the advantage «f +fco ™lranv at larffe. 'With this brief preface, then, ?we shall first see how gold has been and is now raised. And before entering upon our subject we would wish to state that the bulk of our lemarks has been based ?upon Mr. Brough Smyth's work on the Gold Fields of Victoria, in so far as the quotations are applicable to Kev.- South Wales. Many of the illustrations which will appear in these articles have been very kindly furnished to us by the Victorian Govern ment, and we wish at the outset to return them our very warm acknowledgments for so great an act of courtesy and consideration. From the work itself we shall have to quote largely, but when ever we quote we shall cheerfully acknowledge the source whence our information is derived. In the majority of cases the details are so clearly and suc cinctly given that it may truly be said that whenever we quote from Mr. Brough Smyth's work, the matter quoted is given in fewer and clearer words than we should be able to employ to convey the same meaning. In reviewing the modes of working upon our gold fields, the first that comes into our consideration is of course the most simple — surfacing. But surfacing so naturally runs into the next method of working, viz., shallow' sinking, that we propose to take the two together, and to deal with them as one. And now to make our first quotation from Mr. Brough Smyth. On the subject he says : — ' In the early days of gold-seeking, before deep leads or quartz veins were discovered in the country, the miner was centent to wash the rich soils which lay on the slopes of the hills, and to follow the gold bearing stratum thence to the flats. In the valleys he was obliged to sink shallow pits in order to get at the wash-dirt, which, in such places, is from twe to thirty feet below the surface, deepening gradually towards the main stream. 'The wash-dirt {i.e., the stratum containing the gold) was thrown into a tub, and carefully and labo riously washed. The workman holding a spade, kept stirring the stuff, and adding water until the stiff clay was softened; the mud was poured out and more water added, and more puddling done until the mass became fit for the cradle.' (Fig. 1.) Fig. 1. The cradle is a small box, so called because it is to some extent shaped like a cradle, and is fitted with rockers by which the sidling or rocking motion is given to it. The upper part, which may be termed the hopper, consists of a kind of movable tray, the bottom of which is formed by a stout sheet of per forated iron strong enough to bear some fair share ot pounding and friction. Beneath this perforated iron there is a sloping board or ledge, so placed as to carry the wash which passes through the perforations to the back of the cradle, whilst on the bottom are riffles to check the current of wash and water and to save tha gold. To be able to rock the cradle properly was a by no means small accomplishment, seeing that a different motion was required from each of the hands. One — the left— had to rock the cradle with a horizontal mo tion, whilst the other — the right — armed with a dipper, had to ladle water into the hopper, and occasionally to stir or pound-up the washdirt fed into it. As the earth gradually washed down through the perfora tions the hopper was occasionally cleared of stones. In the first efforts at washing it often happened that in the lighter soils the washdirt was thrown into the cradle without any intervening soak tub ; and it is now well known that more than one large nugget has been thrown out of the hopper of the cradle by. the neophyte who never dreamt within the whole range of his philo sophy of a lump of gold too large to pass through a three-quarter inch opening. The usual plan then, as it is now at a new rush until more systematic washing can be pursued, was for one man to carry down the ?Wflshdixt to the waterhole where the cradle was posted. He would empty his bag of dirt into the cradle and return for another load. If a cart were employed, then one man would feed, and to some extent puddle the wash in the hopper with his shovel, whilst a second man rocked and ladled the water. The wash cleared from the larger stones would pass through the perforations in the iron plate, be caught by a shelf below, and thence be thrown probably on to a second shelf or ledge before it reached the back part of the bottom of the cradle. On this, there were a number of riffles or bars, which, checking the current of water over it allowed the gold, or rather the heavier portions of the gold to be deposited,. whilst the earthy particles were carried away by the stream. ' It was passed through this machine,' says Mr. Smyth, ' and then the remaining clay, 6and, and mud were carefully taken trom the ledges and re washed in a shallow tin dish, at the nearest pool until the gold was left quite Clean and pure in the bottom of the dish. *lla. panning ojf a good deal of ingenuity and much neat turning of the wrist are required to keep back the gold, and to let the mud and gravel flow away in the waste water. 'The earth which is taken off the surface of the hills is in some places very rich. * * * * Except that they have substituted the horse puddling machine and the long torn for the old tub and cradle, there is little change in the mode of raising the gold. ' On new gold-fields, indeed, the old appliances are still required. The miner is not able to carry machinery to a rush. His impedimenta must be as light as possible ; and he has not time to make boxes and cradles when he arrives at the scene of opera tions. He marks out a claim, and if he is a workman and not a ' shepherd,' he sinks a shaft as rapidly as possible, washes the stuff if it is of any value, and as soon as that is exhausted moves quickly to new ground. It is only after the field is developed, and men have had time to accumulate some wealth, that steam and horse puddling machines, and races and sluices, are brought into use.' As Mr. Smyth observes, the old i-radle may be sometimes seen upon a new rush, and ^^n an old field, too, when it has been finally turned up by Europeans and handed over to the fossicking of John Chinaman. The rattle of the cradle is a sound that can never be mistaken by an old miner, and when ever it is heard in some out-of-the-way nook, or by some quiet waterhole in the midst of a debris of washings, you may always be sure that it is always 'honest John' who is rocking. You may depend upon his looking most blank and disconcerted at being discovered, and may rely upon his telling you 'muchee little' when you ask how the gold is showing. Your gold-digger docs not at all mind whether a fashion is old or new, if it happens to suit him, and to fit in to the time when it is required to be em ployed. Thus Mr. Smyth says : — ' Some of the old appliances, found yet in many places at the present time, carry back the mind to remote periods. For instance, the Shadoob of the Egyptians, as figured on the monuments, was, until lately, in common use on every gold-field. Comparing a drawing of a Hand Whip made yesterday (figure 2) with that of the ancient Shadoof, given by llawlinson in his * Five Great Monarchies of the Ancient Eastern World,' we note no change.'' Fig. 2. By means of the tub and cradle, tie large area of shallow alluvium which we have been accustomed to call a gold-field, was, in the first instance, very hurriedly washed. Thus a very considerable quantity of gold was left in the soil, and washed out with the tailings. When used up in one way, the Long Tom was brought into requisition to render the wash avail able in another (Figure 3). Fig. 3. The Long Tom was the first improvement upon the old cradle, and Mr. Peter Wright, assistant engineer for water supply in Victoria, thus speaks of it : — 'The new appliances for separating the gold from the washdirt were two in number, viz., the torn and the sluice, in both of which the gold is separated from the surrounding earth by taking advantage of its greater specific gravity. *? The torn was the first introduced. It could be used with a small head of water, and was, therefore, more suitable at a time when water-races were not, and the necessary water had to be baled. It is com posed of two inclined troughs or boxes, placed one over the other ; the upper box, or torn proper, has a grating in the bottom near the lower end, and under this grating is placed the lower or rippie-bex. A stream of water being caused to flow through the torn, the earth is thrown in, and is washed by a workman with a square mouthed shovel ; the sand, earth, and small stones are carried through the grating by the water, and fall into the ripple-box, while the larger stones which remain on the grating are removed by the workman (Fig. 4) . The ripple-box is setso far from the torn, and with such an inclination, that the water used will leave the bottom covered with a thin layer of loose material ; the particles of gold, or other heavy minerals, thus easily reach the bottom, and with, proper management will remain there; but lest any stray particles should escape, there are usually several bars or ripples (hence the name) placed across the lower part of the box, over which, the water flows, carrying with it the lighter materials. ' The long torn was the first used. It is or rather was a box ot twelve or fourteen feet in length, with a uniform width of about eighteen inches. The -width being uniform, was too much at the upper, and too little at the lower end, and the inclination being also Fig. 4. uniform, it was excessive at the lower end, or insuffi cient at the upper one. The Victoria, Jenny Lind, or broad torn was therefore introduced to avoid these defects. It is short, usually about six or seven feet in length, about twelve inches wide at the upper end, and three feet at the other ; and a box, or a series of boxes fitting into each other, convey the water and wash-dirt into the torn. ' Requiring a moderate head of water, and capable of dealing with earth of a considerable degree of adhesiveness, this torn was extensively used for many years, and i6 not altogether laid aside now.' m The Mining Commission has been working away vigorously over its report. Its members have been sitting daily, but owing to the mass of subjects with which they must necessarily have to deal, progress is only slow, and it is not likely that their report will be completed before the end of the month. Looking at the trouble which these gentlemen are evidently taking, ar.d the very full consideration they are giving to the various matters which have come under their cognizance, it is to be expected that some valu able recommendations will emanate from them. The only thing to be feared is the risk they run of being carried away by individual crotchets, instead of being led only by considerations of public welfare. Certainly the most important subject with which the Gold Commission will have to deal is the water question : first, with regard to the supply of water for the gold-fields; and next, with regard to the drainage of underground claims. The first is a matter of imperative necessity, for, with a large popu lation settled upon a field, it is a question of public health how to procure a copious supply of wholesome water for household consumption. All our large gold-fields have suffered more or less from this cause, and many a valuable lite has been sacrificed through the poisonous effects of the water in general use. At Hill End, where a large population is now gathered, this question is exciting great attention, and even alarm, for it is well known that in former days there was great scarcity of water in the summer, though the consumers 'were not a fiftieth of those who now demand to be provided for. At Gulgong, the matter has been thought over, and a company has been talked about, but beyond the thinking and talking nothing has yet been done ; and yet with only a fortnight's drought water is getting scarce ; whilst we have the best authority for saying that in dry seasons the Gul gong district is of a peculiarly arid country, and yet there is a population of some eight or ten' thousand souls to be provided for. The question of drainage is only second in importance to that of supply, from the fact that life is not dependent upon it. At the same time it may involve the whole future of a district. This is especially the case at Tambaroora and Hill End. In the former place, the water level is met with at a depth of something like eighty feet ; in the latter it is somewhat lower, but it is surmised, and has in fact been all but proved, that the table land froms a large basin, and that when once the water is reached, nothing but the most powerful pumping machinery is of any use. If it be the basin it is said to be then in pumping for one claim the owner would have to pump for all, and it is in this respect that re gulations are required to compel all who benefit by the drainage to pay towards the cost of carrying it out. Sooner or later, the question of drainage will arise in every reefing country. Water is beginning to 6how in some of the deeper workings at Emu Creek, and the reefers have a right to demand that the question shall no longer be avoided. It is somewhat amusing to sit in Sydney and to watch the migration of the mining population Wearying though it may be to the miners them selves, there is something almost absurd about it to the quiet onlooker. Thus we have hundreds rushing fioxa. Queensland, New Zealand, and Victoria to the far-famed deep leads at Gulgong, whilst at the same time a large proportion of the people of Gulgong are rushing oft to the enticing claims and the coarse nuggetty gold of Currajong. But even from these temptations are the men of Currajong shifting away, in their turn, to test the terra incognita of the Bland, shouldering their swags with the utmost nonchalance for a hundred miles' journey over a fiat parched and inhospitable country, whose very name—' The Levels' — is a warning to the old bushman. A telegram recently received informs us that No. 32 S. on the Bushman's Lead has struck gold. This will leave a long interval of claims through which the lead must thus of necessity pass. As yet there are no accounts of any good washings, but water is very scarce, and what little washing has been done has been performed with what miners designate ' pea soup,' — not the best possible medium for saving gold. Accounts from the new diggings at the Bland are favourable, though no definite return of yield has yet reached us. Our Grenfell correspondent speaks very highly of the locality, and, gleaning his information from persons who have visited the spot, is inclined to the belief that this is but the first opening of a new and rather extensive gold-field. As there are parties prospecting for deep ground, and as a large number of miners are en route for the spot, the question as to the value of the field will no doubt be very shortly settled. 'Work is being very vigorously pushed on in the majority of the claims at Tambaroora and Hill End, but speculation is being pushed rather beyond ;the bounds which common sense would prescribe for it. Companies are being started daily, but wherever they have been put forward under known auspices they have been invariably floated successfully. At present there is no great traffic in shares, for in the really rich claims the sum demanded is so large as to be almost a preventative on purchase, whilst in untried ground there are so many in the market at par that | they may be had anywhere. Still there are some ventures that promise well, and having known and respected names connected with them, which have been readily floated with every probability of success. Our correspondent mentions one or two of these, and we have just heard that the ReA Hill Company lias also been finally taken up, and is about to set to work. Him. Ekd.— The Times of the 2lst states that during the past fortnight the prospects of several claims have much improved. The United Miners (Specimen Gully) while sinking, came upon better looking stone than any yet met with, which circumstance has given increased value to other claims northward and southward of them. The Marquis of Lome Company had a small crushing of surface stuff, taken at about 15 feet down. There was very little stone in it, not more than S tons : yield 6 oz. 15 dwta. Good depth is what is wanted all about the neighbourhood of the Red Bill, and most of the companies are sinking as fust as they can. In Paxton and Co' a claim, a trial crashing from a vein or reef eighteen inches thick, and not previously worked here, gave 1 oz. 15 dwts. per ton. : this will materially advance the value of this claim. Some of the lease claims on the top of the hill, on the eastern boundary of the old claims, lately cut one or mere leaders, one of which, in Vickery and Co.'s claim, looked welL These indications are encouraging to the owners, and improve their prospects. About half-way down Hawkins' Hill, Brand and Fletcher, while sinking, came upon better-looking Btone than any yet found by them; the position of this ground is very good. AH claims between Brand, Fletcher, and Krohmann's are vigorously sicking or tunnelling for the main veins, so as to cut them at a suitable depth ; all claims south of Brand jiud Fletcher's, down the hill towards Oakey Creek, atid beyciid it, are also constantly at work sinking or driving with the like object in view, and with an almosT^rta^; of success, provided they persevere. The DrogDnM* *f +i? block claims eouth of ^Oakey Creek are $%?££*£ u-g, depth only being wanted to make them B™cS' Many gentlemen from Sydney have put in an anneal here lately, and I hope othere will follow their e& it ib more satufactory tp all parties when investora or ^. JSPV^&FL9;*. PosaMe, come and see for taemBeW The United Reefers are now in their third MZr* will shortly commence driving. A report was IZ,1. Mudgeefhfe week that gold h^db^nWckStKt £ Time and South Hawkins-hoi claime. We cannot ; l, n any corroboration. The Frenchman's claim is raisins **£ etone, as are also the adjoining claims. The tunneling Northumberland Company in reported to be in -jSJ feet; numbers of veins being out, though none tf them are gold-bearing, though likely looW Porter end Kawethorne are getting fine stone fas inoW are all the other claims on this celebrated line The ,v ' celefor Company, Sargenfe Reef, are on slate, and ex*Z-t every day to cut the reef. Their cement did not reiSi™ expectations, it is supposed in consequence of too muM? ground being siripped for crushing. We have not heard ?whether another trial crushing will be made. Thwa ? nothing of importance to add to our last account of the rneh to Sailor's Gully. We hope that the place will be calH M'Gowan's Hill (after the prospectors) instead of Hawkiru? Bill, ae at present. If this is not done, great confusion arid possible chicanery will be the result. About tvreln leases have been applied for, and the ground is peeked nit for a long distance along the line. V SS U out Gilgoxg.— The Guardian's report of the 21st is a* under :— The depressing influences of the oxodus te the Currajong rush, the want of rain, and the non-discoverv of any new workings likely to afford employment to the claim Jess miner, have resulted in the dulness that has prevailed during the past week, which has been a very quiet one Speculation in mining ventures is but a ghost of tile past and will not revive until something like a substantial pay able workings is discovered, for which happy result manv hope but few try. The long and anxiously expected rain has not yet come, much to the disappointment of the owners of pnddling-machines, whose supply of water is bein» rapidly used up, those situated on Reedy Creek ex cepted. The lead principally talked of during the week has been the Caledonian, which is situated on the northern boundary of Rouse's 4000 acre paddock. A claim known as No. 16 in the paddock has bottomed on payable gold at 116 feet, and a trial washing of eight loads yielded 2 oz. per load. The prospectors of the Caledonian have also bottomed a ehaft at 118 feet, and are currently be lieved to be on the same lead of gold. No. 12 N. onthij lead has hoisted the flag, and are obtaining payable pros pecte, which has had the effect of raising the droopin? spirits of claimholdere, and giving an impetus to specula tion. We trill hold our expressed opinion that the Cale donian has its name to make. On the Canadian lead there is Eoiiie little improvement, though the lead is not extend iDg with that quickness that is naturally expected from the facilities existing. The great depth of washdirt in the claims on gold leads to the belief that a long continuous lead will be proved to exist, and though, private property bars the way, many are determined that the ground shall be thoroughly tested. At Rapp's Gullvminin? matters are rather quiet, consequent on the want of rain to £11 the dams now erected, and set the puddling machines going to reduce the laTge paddocks of washout that are to be seen on the claims on gold. This locality is much thought of, and some hundreds have settled down, deter mined to wait until a plentiful supply of water will enable them to thoroughly test their claims. There are a couple of parties prospecting for reefs in the range from which the gnlly has received its gold, so far without reporting a find On the Black Lead, No. 18 W. has bottomed, but not oa gold ; the party are now driving westerly, and fully expect to be able to hoist the flag in a few days. No. 31 N. has also bottomed off the gold, being much too shallow. The intervening claims between these numbers are nil now going through the basalt rock, and do not calculate on pricking the bottom for the next five or six weeks. Litigation is still the order of the day on the Happy Valley lead, and likely to be so until a more workable set of regulations are enacted. The frontage system las not been an unmixed blessing on this gold field. On the Helvetia, Star of the South, and other leads in their vicinity there is nothing to report. The prospec tors of the Durham lead have raised funds by public sub scription to erect a whim on their claim, to enable them to more effectively contend with the water and test the valua of their ground, which many experienced men think will prove right. Population is still pouring in from Sydney, and as veiy few are leaving for Currajong, the streets ara gradually assuming their old crowded aspect, though not so much as formerly. Bmv Cheek.— On the 21st, the Mining Record says :— We have little this week-to repot t from the two makes that have for the last few weeks created so much excitement among our mining friends here. From the Bushman's our reports are not very satisfactory, the lead as we hinted at in our last issue, has turned out very patchy and as yet has not fulfilled the rather too sanguine opinions that were formed of it. It has not in any way justified the rush that it has created, although from the nature of (he ground we are hopeful of something good being found yet. At Billy's Lookout nothing of any interest has occurred during the week, and the excitement has cooled down a good deal. Sy next week we expect to be able to give some definite account of the prospects of this field. As regards reefing matters in Grenfell we are glad to say, our prospects are still brightening. From Messrs. Robinson and party who are working the one-acre lease on Laweon's reef, we learn that they have had a crushing from some ' duffer ' stone, part of a lot of 200 tons now lying on the claim, which went 8 dwte, per ton. Our reports from the machines this week are as follows:— Mr. Vaughn's is ftill engaged on Tuff and ' party's atone from the Homeward Bound No. 1 north, and expect to clean up next week, the stone promises very well. Mr. Cunninghame's machine has finished a lot of 169 tons, from the White Rose reef; No. 1 gave a total yield of 59 oz. 16 dwts. A small lot of 15 tons from the Evening Star reef, Tyagong, went 15 dwts. per ton, end 33 tons of refuse stone from the While Rose, pro specting, went 7 dwts. per ton. Messrs. Bevan and Hop kirk are on a large lot of splendid-looking stone, from the Homeward Bound reef, which is expected to go fully 2 oz. per ton. Mr. Swann's machine is engaged on a lot of Etone from the Band of Hope reef (Ley and party), whica is turning out exceedingly rich. Tuey have put througli 18 tons of stone, and the result already got in cleaning up from the pans alone is about 1S2 oz. of amalgam. They have about 60 tons of atone to put through yet, and expert to be finished on Tuesday. Cubkajong.— In the Forbes Times of the 21et, the Curra joBg correspondent Bays:— Of miningmattere Ihave to report that the prospectors have commenced washing, and tue result at preBent has been over half an ounce to the load. This washing must not however be taken as a criterion ot the value of the dirt, as a great deal of duffer stuff has been included, which was taken in opening out and proving the direction of the gutter. The men themselves are quite satisfied, and I believe the result of the next washing win tell a different tale. At the north end No. 1 were dowa over sixty feet with their new shaft, and expect to be bot tomed about Saturday. No. 2 were driving, and were about 13 feet in the gutter. They are getting nret-raie dirt, and a prospect from a dish of dirt washed the previous evening wau shown to me, in which tnere was fully li dwt. of nice shorty gold. «°« 3 have commenced blocking out, and can see tu» gold in the dirt as thick as ever. No. 4 are engagea driving under the wash to find the opposite side or tw cutter, but from a piece of dirt which, flaked off the rooi oi the drive, they washed 6£ dwts. They have christened their claim 'On again,' a cognomen which, from ««? antecedents, admits of a dual interpretation. JSo. a ou tained prospects of 1 dwt. to the dish when they bottomea, and have eince been engaged rigging a derrick, ifmang^ the horee-walk, putting a ehed over the snatt, -**? Almost all on gold have expended a good oeu of time, trouble, and expense in putting ta»r claims into thorough working order— thus Pr°, '= their faith in the payable nature of the dirt. . J- o. w ? eetting good gold and are opening out About halt aau cf dirt, in which the reef predominated, was brought to tn surface -while I was present, and was thickly etudded wit cold. It was afterwards washed and yielded oveTirZ' It was theughr, however, that it should havo gone a =re. deal more, and that some must have been, lost la tiie wa. iBir, which, considering that the valor in vuim '- v .ho) was of the colour and almost consistency of VJ?TcxvTi* rot ftt ?' ^BkO,. It is a great E*wbacK having no good water close at hand to ST.* woBpects, as it may often lead to unpayable dirt being landed in the wash, and perhaps good dirt being thrown „£ I heard on very good authority that No. 19 had got ««aVaWe gold at a depth of 61 or 62 feet. No. 17 are Snlctoe a freBh shaft, as although they got prospects of 1 52Jt8iid 1J dwt. in their last, they had reason to believe ttat they were not on the gutter. The intermediate claims we not succeeded in finding the deep ground but are ac Jvelv prosecuting their search. On the South end Noa. 1, 2 and 3 seemed quite satMed with their prospects. No. 1 will commence washing to-morrow (Friday) and have about «i loads I believe, to grass ; so that we may expect to hear An result early in next week. No. 4 are busily driving, but i,«renot yet struck the gutter, neither has No. 5, but No. 6 nntinue to get first-rate prospects ; I heard as much as 2 S^to the dish. Below 6, they are still looking for the hotter but ae yet none of them have succeeded in finding ft although it has been rumoured more than once that some of the lower numbers have obtained good prospects. Some of the block claims about the prospectors and other numbers who have taken their ground, are hard at work, and a party Z sinking for a run in the direction that the North end we* first marked out ; they are down eighty-five feet and not bottommed. I could not hear of anything worth re norttog from any of the outlying prospecting parties. I Cud that the prospectus of a quartz- mining company was likely to be shortly issued, and one or two parties are eneaeed searching for payable reefs. [Friday, 9 p.m.— We jmve just heard from undoubted authority that No. 1 South have washed 18 oz. to twenty-two loads, and have not cleaned up the machine. Bkedbo.— The Menaro Mercury of Saturday observes that the removal of the Iron Duke crushing-machine from Major's Creek to the Bredbo Reefs will be acceptable to lie Tminere of that locality, and proves that the proprietors of the machine have every faith in the permanence, quality, and prosperity of the reef a already opened. There can scarcely be a doubt but that the presence of a crushing machine on the scene of operations will lead to the further development of the place. We are informed by Mr. F. Connolly, of Connolly's Beef, that an offer has been made toy a Sydney firm— Messrs. Lawrence, Tyler, and Co.— to bring a second machine on to the ground. It is doubtful whether, at present, sufficient stone could be raised to keep two machines going; and, as the Iron Duke machine left Major's Creek on Monday last, it would be premature to induce the advent of a second machine. No doubt, as the locality becomes more developed, one machine will not be enough. A new reef has been struck, not far distant from that now being worked. At Connolly's Beef, the miners continue raining stone, and have a large quantity on the surface. At the Clifton Beef from thirty to fifty tons of stone have been raised ; but operations are suepended till a test crush ing can be had. It will, we are told, be the first stone crushed when the machine is in order. Operations are about to be renewed in the claims adjoin ing the prospectors' claim, Connolly's Beef. Tha Braidwood Monitor of the same date says:— Anew and dietinct reef was found at the beginning of last week, about two and a half miles north of the prospector's claim, and sear the copper mine. It was discovered by Mr. Cole's bom, shareholders in the prospecting claim. It is situated on the crown of a high range, and on the watershed of a creek that falls into the Murrumbidgee. The reef on the surface is about two feet wide, and is in granite country. The stone taken from the surface whioh has been crushed in the mortar went at the rate of about two ounoes to the ton. Sole's machine is to start from Major's Creek for Bredbo on Monday next, it being intended to take it round by Bungendore, and it is expected to be a fortnight on the road. The prospectors are sanguine of the whole of the stone they have at grass— a consider able quantity — turning out very well. Mr. Daniel Sole, owner of the machine, as well as his brother, are share holders in the prospecting claim. We shall await the result of the first crushing with much interest. Although reefing has not turned out the splendid results anticipated in this district, the thorough prospecting to which this and neighbouring districts are being subjected will eventually make reefing an important industry in this quarter, and when that time comes it will be to the enterprise of such men as Mr. Cole and Messrs. Sole that such results, achieved in the face of numerous difficulties, will be due. Writing from Marsden'e, a correspondent of the Burran gong Argus says:— Our gold-field, if I may call it so, is rather on the ascent than the decline. There are about 60 or 70 people there, who appear to have made up their mindB to stop, and others are prospecting. One of the latter was down with a shaft about 42 feet on Friday, and they ex pect to go 60 feet more. I expect to be able to give you farther details in a week or so. There has been no decided washing up from any claim ; some few loads have been washed from the prospectors', and the results, according to rumour, were 5, 12, and 13 dwts. to the load. There have been nuggets weighing from 1 dwt. to h oz., and 11 dwts. taken from Atkins's claim, No. I West. No. 1 East is on sold ; No. 2 is sinking, and Nos. 2, 3, 6, 7, West, are on gold, and No. 8 is sinking. The prospectors on the reef are not very sanguine of success, and the opinion is, from the look of the stone, that, according to digging phrase, they will be duffered out. Since writing the above, the place is altogether put in the shade by the glowing accounts from the Bushman's rush, and everybody appears to have pushed off there, disgusted with the 'Billyh Lookout' field; but I am under the impresBion that they will, ere long, return to the old spot. But this sort of people are to be found on any new field. A small rush to Mogo has taken place within the last week. Some miners' rights have been obtained, and several freBh claims pegged out. The new race is nearly com pleted, and, as it promises to overcome the difficulties en tailed by a superabundance of water, many are anxious to try then- luck on this undoubtedly rich little field.— JKoruya Teleamph, 18th. Mr. Forsyth'B machine, at Bell's Creek, which is always rapt constantly at work, except when the bad roads in wet weather prevent the drawing of quartz, finished on a parcel of 23 tons of Card well, Pollock, and party's on the 18th, which yielded 67 oz. 6 dwts. of retorted gold, being w the rate of 2 oz, 18 dwts. to the ton.— Braidwood Dis fetch. Mr. Gould, the geologist, was during last summer em ployed by a company in Hobart Town to explore the islands in Bass's Straits, with a view to determine whether gold in quantity could be found there or not. At a late meeting of the Victorian Royal Society, he read a paper on tte results of his examination, which I abbreviate. Mr. wuld 8 visits were principally to the western side of f lindens and to Cape Barren. Gold was obtained, he says, uitraeeB on Cape Barren Island, none on any part of w v v8' '*? ^S^y ferruginous variety of amphibole or oiack hornblende, containing 1 per cent of copper, is found oa Swan Island. Tin— The oxide of occurs in various Pane of Cape Barren Island, and of Flinders, in rolled frag ments. Topaz— This mineral occurs in crystals, and ™hed pebbles, in great variety of form, colour, and «ze. .Ihey are abundant on the north side of Killiecranky ?avi 1 1B| a creek descending from the ranges. They are also lound in the creek descending westward from the Quoin, ana in the Sanfra Biver, and on the south side of Flinders. i'6,8™ of the topazes varies from pure liquid white to snades of blue, faint pink, yellow, &c.; Beryls are occa sionally obtained. Zircons are tolerably common, but ««iy found in well- defined crystals. Tourmaline, black Ci t v V3* aDUndant in Long Island, Flinders, and in *~*e 8 'to*d» Garnets often found in streams, especially ♦„ v i 80nth Biae of Cape Barren Island. Bed hematite h* «e#S!Td oat^e south end of Flinders. Bock crystal, 'eaubful specimens, to be obtained from Kent's Bay and «i;PBi *arren Island. Kaolin, of fine quality, is frequent wont KiUiecranky Bay. Mr. Gould promises a further J»Per, which many will now look forward to with interest. ^?Awtralasian. ivt «Bt lot of copper on account of the new Phoenix ^opper Mining Company (Limited), consisting of thirty T?« ? oM» left ^ ^n-6 ab°ut a w»ek ago for Sydney. all liv ^,.the week ending the 19th, the miners at nearly «u .tne collieries at Newcastle, have been upon their beam rW again waiting for the shipping that come not to - ««e away their coals. Waratah has only worked one half «y uub week, and there is now no work doing ; the others we doing a little better, especially the Borehole, which still itotl ^tynsabulj. Several of the miners have left leaver L?v eone di66in€B. and others are preparing to *e Iw «»e copper mines in Queensland. A party ie also being made up to proceed to Inverell, to prospect among the tin lodes. Amongst tho miners residing in the district are many who have been need to, and well acquainted with, the working and nature of most of the metallic oros, but who, from want of employment in the line they have been accustomed to, and to which tlaoy have been brought up, have been forced to take up with coal mining, the last resource for all miners, from the gold-miner downwards. In a few weeks it is expected that news from these advanced parties will be received, and should it prove at aH favourable, numbers will leave for the summer months, their wives and families remaining behind them.— Chronicle, 21st. A meeting teok place on the 19th at the Doncaster Hotel, Braid wcod, for the purpose of forming a company to work the Homeward Bound Beef at Little River. The company was formed of twenty-five shareholders at £20 ' per Bhare, to work the five- acre lease of the Homeward Bound line at little River, which was granted to Mr. Francis. Satis factory arrangements were made with Mr. Francis for the use of the engine and pump which that gentleman has on tee ground, and he is also to crush the first 100 tons at his ntacnine at Warrambucoa. Mr. J. H. Griffin was appointed to inspect the crushing. The directors appointed being Messrs. B. Maddrell, H. P. Wilson, G. P. Bodd, C. B. Payne, and G. Tweedie. The operations for working this reef will commence immediately.— Monitor. Every thing at Araluen (says the correspondent of the Mratdwood Dispatch) is still very duU, the claims, many of which have got the boxes going, are not turning out the preczeus metal in such quantities as could be wished for; this is, however, accounted for by the fact that many of the claims have had to be reopened in places where it was known that very little gold would be got. This has been done in order to place the engines, &c;, in safer places than most of them were placed at the time of the last floods. The great leakage that still exists has also been a great drawback to the miners, they not being able to get at pay able dirt in consequence ; however, with the present fine weather, if it only lasts, I believe, that in a few weeks more things will look up once again. The Try Again party have got their second engine to work, and are now again in full swing. The Rising Sun and Lady Belmore's engine has at last got to work with one centrifugal pump, which is, I understand, working admirably. The Fenians, Per severance, and Forties, are stripping away at a great rate, and will be very shortly some of the best claims in the Valley. Herbert and Co., on the Plains, are pushing ahead with the new machinery for stripping the ground ; the winding gear is sow being fixed. Their fine new engine, lately purchased in Sydney, arrived safely here on Monday last, and is placed on the tip ; ehe is without exception the finest engine ever imported into the Valley. It is a portable engine of 18-horee power, manufactured by the celebrated Robey and Sons, of Lincoln. To look at, it is a perfect picture, and will, I doubt not, come up to all that is expected of her. It will soon be tested, as no time will now be lost fey the enterprising owners, who oer tainly deserve great credit for the pluck they have evinced in going into such gigantic works as are contemplated by them. I only hope that their courage will be amply re warded. When in full work this claim alone will be the means of employing a very large number of hands, which will be a great blessing to many in the Valley who are not able to go into and work ground en their own account. The engine was brought overland by Patrick Walker, of Eeidsdale, one of the finest teamsters in the district. I understand that he brought the monster (which weighs over seven tons) along the road with eight horses. This speaks volumes for him, and with the exception of one or two trifling accidents she arrived in splendid condition. The driving party in May's paddock seem to be getting on very well ; they have got their work in excellent order. Wilson, Hall, and party, the shareholders in the Perse verance race, Shoalhaven Biver, are now executing a very difficult piece of work in carrying their race over the creek at Little Bombay, just below Mr. Bodd's paddock. The fluming will be two hundred and fifty yards in length and sixty-five feet above the bed of the creek. A considerable portion of the stage upon which the boxes will be placed has already been successfully put up, and, if all goes well, another three weeks will see it completed ready to receive the boxes, along which the water will have to travel. The timber has been procured in the ranges about three miles to the westward of the farm of Mr. Robert Gifford, of Big Bombay, and is of the best description for the purpose. The structure is being very faithfully put together, and will apparently resist the violence of the wind and the dead timber which comes tumbling down the creek at the time of heavy floods. Should no contretems intervene it will soon be one of the finest specimens of the enerpry and pluck of tbe miner which has been seen upon the gold-fields in this part of the colony. — Braidwood Dispatch, 21st. The reefs near Wombat, some of them, appear to be turn ing out satisfactorily. We are informed that eight tons from the Who'd-a-thought-it, Bullockhead Gully, which were crushed this week at Cram's machine, Seven-mile, yielded 1 oz. 8 dwts. to the ton. A new company, on the tribute system, is being formed to work the Phoenix Com pany's ground. — Burrangony Argus, 21et. It is stated that a nice little nugget of the precious ore has been exhibited in Cooma by Mr. George Clifton, who is supposed to be prospecting in the Umaralla neighbour hood. There was also shown a sample of coarse gold dust. — Monaro Mercury, 21st. We are given to understand that the water-wheel crushing machine, at work on the Solferino reef, broke up a few days ago. The cause we have not heard, but we believe that it was situated on the side of a hill, and it is supposed, from the accounts to hand, to havo gone bodily down the hill. This will doubtless retard mining operations at Solferino for some short time to oome — a matter to be sincerely regretted.— Tenterfield Star, 19th. A capital crushing ef 360 oz. of gold was last week obtained from the claim of Messrs. Wallett and Co., North Junee, and was sent by the fortunate shareholders for sale to Burrangong. The reef in this claim still pros pects most encouragingly, and promises yet to yield large quantities of gold. Mining matters on the other Junee reefs juet now -ere rather quiet, and very little prospecting is going on, but a steady and remunerative, though not very large, business is being done on the field, and the miners generally are well eatiefied with their prospects. — Wagga Express, 21et. TheHawksview Beef, on the private land of Mr. J. F. H. Mitchell, continues to show uncommonly good en couragement for crushing operations. At the prospectors' claim the other day, half -a- ton of the casing (without stone) was washed, and produced 15 oz. The stuff was taken promiscuously from the top to bottom of the reef . The shaft is now 26 feet deep, and the latest^ indications suggest the existence of very rich stone. A trial crushing will shortly be made at Chiltern, after which theAlbury people hope to hear of operations being carried on by all the shareholders on the leeL—Albury Banner, 21st On the 16th instant a correspondent of the Gulgong Guardian writes of Hargraves that, during the previous few days there was an improvement in the state of affairs. The prospectors (M'Gowan, Brothers) have continued to unearth splendid gold. They now have nearly seven bags of stuff stowed away in their hut, which (to quote their own words) they estimate to be worth fourteen or fifteen hundred pounds, and will not take less for it. On Friday, Harper, in No. 1 A South, struck the gold at about 13 feet, and a prospect gave about 4 dwts., and a number of very nice specimens. M'Gregor and Co., No. 1 North, have a eplendid show in their reef, which has increased to three feet in width ; the gold is not as yet struck any further, with the exception of a few colours which can be got in a number of the claims. Two five-acre leases have been pegged out to tbe south of No. 4, and two leases— one of four and one of five acres — have also been pegged out at the north of No. 7. I have heard that £56 has been paid for a fifth share in No. 1 lease South. A number of Tam baroora people have been on the ground. The prices they have paid for shares prove that their opinion of it is good. The rush is causing quite a stir here. A few weeks will probably prove whether the gold extends any distance or not. Plumbago appears to exist in the Tenterfield district in large quantities, a creek near Fairfield being named Plum bago Creek, from the fact of plumbago being plentiful about it, and beds or reefs of it having been discovered in other parts of the district. One sample is exceedingly pure, and we should judge, valuable, while the second sample is not so pure. About one ton of the good plumbago arrived in town last week, en route for Sydney, whence it is to be shipped to England to be tested and reported upon.— Star, 19th, A meeting of some of the shareholders of the Mornya Quartz Crashing Company* was held at the Adelaide Hotel on the 17th instant. On the motion of Mr. A. Emmott, seconded by Mr. P. M'Kew, Mr. T. T. Gannon was voted to the chair. The chairman, iu opening the proceedings, remarked that the meeting had been called (how we do not know) to consider the present position of the company. Those who had convened it were present, and would, no doubt, lay some propositions before the shareholders present, and take their opinions thereon. Mr. Emmott, in explaining the state of affairs, said that the first and second deposits had been received on two hundred end thirty shares, the first only on one hundred and forty, and two hundred and twenty more had been purchased, but nothing paid on them. The sum in hand was £72 10s. When the directors found that they could not afford to pay £300 for the plant of the Silver Mining Company, they made a cash offer to Mr. Samuel of £200. £50 of this amount they proposed to pay on Mr. Samuel's accept ance of their offer, and the balance iu two mouths. No reply had been received from Mr. Samuel, but he (Mr. Emmott) believed that he -had since instructed his agent (Mr. Barton) to offer the machinery to the company for £250. After some remarks from two or three other share holders, to whom Mr. Barton had submitted his instruc tions, Mr. G. W. Webb reee to move the first resolution, — ' That the company be dissolved.' Seconded by Mr. John Dunn, Mr. Clements moved, as an amendment, — ' That the company be not dissolved, but that, at the request of this meeting, the directors renew the attempt to purchase the plant from Mr. Samuel.' The amendment was seconded by Mr. P. M'Kew, and carried by a majority of four. Mr. John Dunn moved, and Mr. Webb seconded, — ' That this meeting stand adjourned until the 1st of November, that the directors at present elected hold office until that date, and that unless the directors are then in a position to make terms for tbe purchase of the plant, the company be dis solved.' Carried. Before the meeting broke up, it was understood that some of the directors should communicate with Mr. Samuel, and ascertain if he were willing to treat with them and on what terms. No definite arrangements are to be made until sanctioned by a general meeting of shareholders, convened by advertisement in the papers. — Moruya Telegraph, 18th. The Major's Creek correspondent of the Braidwood Monitor writes on the 23rd:— In mining matters I have but little to report at present. The Iron Duke crushing machine has been taken down, and will leave here for Bredbo to-day, at which place I hope it will have a better career than it has had here. The owners of this machine' are very sanguine in their hopes of the permanency of the reefs there, A sew reef has been discovered about three miles from the present prospectors', it is 18 inches in width, and the prospects have returned about 2 oz. to the ton. I believe that the place abounds in reefs, which only require prospecting. Now that they will shortly have a machine on the ground, it will encourage them to prospect. Mr. Jenes, late of the St. Vincent Company, Little River, has got the contract for the erection of the machine. — Messrs. Carey and Cahill, who purchased the machine and plant belonging to Chynoweth and Co., are going to start to-day on a parcel of stone from their own claim, and should the yields be sufficient, which is very probable, they are likely to keep her going:. This will give employment to a great many miners. — The United Miners' Quartz Crushing ma chine has also been busily engaged on stone from their own claim, with really good results, they having shared divi dends from £6 b £8 per week. This company employ a few hands, and I expect that they will be kept busy crush ing for the public. Though this company has been taken but little notice of, it has yielded next to the celebrated claim of Dargue's in return of gold. — The average yield of gold of the Homeward Bound (Dargue and party) for the past five or six weeks has been from 103 to 111 oz. per week. The shaft they are now putting down to test the reef at a greater depth is progressing. The lode is turning in to quartz with large seams of mundic through it, and more defined, ind I am assured that they will get it better as they go through this mundic, though this stuff is re munerative.— The Enterprise Company is waiting the return of their engine from Victoria before they make another start.— That persevering and energetic party on the top of Bed Hill (Messrs. Wiseman, Murphy, Sheeny, and parry) will scon have the race up to their claim, the Rise and Shine. They have yet about 90 feet to go. The depth of the race if between 80 and 90 feet from the surface, and they are nov in 850 feet from the creek. Last week a trial crushing teok place of five-and-a»half tons of quartz, raised from a reef on the property of Mr. B. Lowe, at Wilbetree, by Markwell, Brothers, and Nor ton. Tbe Bione was got at a depth of eighteen feet, and was crushed at Chappell's mill, Gulgong, yielding 3 oz. 13 dwts. of amalgamated gold, or an average of about 14 dwts. to the ton.— Western Post, 24th. Excitement prevails in parts of the Darling District be cause of late reports as to increasing richness of the copper ore at the Wilcannia mines, as the property is being de veloped. Sereral loads of ore are now on their way for shipment, and all needed plant is being sent out. Teamsters and experienced miners are in demand there, we are told; the latter class especially. The concern is under the super intendence of Captain Shields Bums. The samples brought in to Adelaide on the day before the mail left by two of tho proprietors were rich, and the owners report the workings to be greatly improving in depth. It was expected that six tons would leave by the steamer Albury on her trip down, andthislot oa its arrival at Port Adelaide will undergo smelting, as a fair sample of the surface produce. The pro prietors have rot as yet come to any conclusions relative to the formation of a company ; their idea being that the mine will pay from me commencement. — Adelaide Observer. Tho monthly escort, which left Braidwood on the 24th, took the following amount of gold, viz. :— Braidwood, 1496 oz. 8 dwts. 17 grs. ; Kiandra and Cooma, 263 oz. 10 dwts. 7 grs. : total, 1749 oz. 19 dwts. The banks in Araluen having held over their gold, none was dispatched from there. 