SUNDAY READING-. A Wholesome Tongue a Tree of Life, IN ovory part of tho world tho tongue is, of all tl weapons used by mankind, about the most incessai and mighty instrument for good or for evil. I every family, in every community, tho rigl government of the tongue is essential to peace an prosperity. To those who are disposed to refle< on this Bubjeot, which dooply concerns us all, th subjoined observations, by the Rev. James Strattei will doubtless appear well worthy of consideratioi " A wholesome tongue is a tree of life," says one c the Proverbs of Solomon. ' If such " trees of life were planted in every house ia this country, i would be a happy land. Commenting on the proverb of tho King c Israel, the modern preacher says :-" Several thing are spoken in tho preceding verses, respecting th use and abuse of tho tongue. 'A soft answer turnet; away wrath.' Be gentle, considerate, conciliator in your reply to your adversary. It may assuage hi wrath ; it may abate his malice ; and it may pleas God to turn his heart. ' But grievous words stir u anger.' Take caro of an angry sentence, which ma be sufficient to set the house on fire and do misohic beyond bounds. Lot there be nothing provoking nothing inflammatory, in your speech. "'The tongue of the wise useth knowledg aright.' It judges of tho persons to whom it i spoaking. It judges respooting what it is right t communicate and what it is right to keep back. Th wise porson does not oast that which is holy to th dogs, or throw pearls to swine. Yet ho does not hid his light ; he does not shut up his wisdom ; but h will communicate it when it is for tho advantage o hiB hearers. « But tho mouth of fools ponreth ou foolishness.' Thcro is frivolity, thoughtlessness recklessness, without measure. " The eyes of tho Lord are in every place, behold ing tho evil and tho good.' And as his oyo see actions, so his oar hears words. We are told that ' o every idle word that a man shall speak,' that is o overy unholy, every corrupt, evory vituperating word, he shall give account in tho Day of Judgment ' For by thy wordB thou shalt bo justified, and bj ihy words thou shalt be condemned ;' because tho: shew a man's character, his love or his hatred, hi faith or his unbelief; his enmity to God, or hi acceptance of Christ, and his salvation. " Then follow tho words:-'A wholesomo tongue i a tree of life.' This restricts tin Bubject to th< bright and boautiful side. When tho tonguo I guided by the Spirit of God, and by the words o Holy Scripture, it may impart truth, and expreai and elecit thoughts which may be salutary to thosi who como undor their influence Then it is as if i man in hearing the word spoken, did eat tho fruit o tho treo of lifo in God's primitivo and undosolatec garden." TUE POISON OP SPEECH.-"What topics of dis courso will make our tonguo a tree of lifo? 1. It ii obvious that it is no treo of lifo, when it lies. Goc does not make tho tongue to utter falsehood. It ii not endowed with volubility, freshness, and fervoui of speech, to ùttor untrutr s. God ia a God of truth and if tho tonguo speaks falsely it is an instrumon of unrighteousness, and under tho influence o Satan, who ia tho father of BOB. " 2. The tongue is no tree of lifo when it defame and uttors scandal ; whether this proceed from tb thought of your own mind or whethor it bo tukei up from a neighbour. " 3.. When the tonguo blasphemes, it is no treo o lifo. There are thos6 who profanely curse, anc swear. Thoro aro irreverent speeohea respeeting God or concerning the unseen world, which are a sham< and dishonour for a man to utter, and which are painful and injurious to tho auditors. These thingt are directly againat the law of God, which says, * Thou shalt not take tho name of tho Lord thy God in vain.' "i. The tonguo is not thus to bodoscribod when it propagates error, when it teaches and proachoa false doctrine, .... 5. Nor is it a tree of life, when the words are vicious or unholy. Wo aro to put ofi concerning tho former conversation, tho old man, which is corrupt according to tho deceitful luata. The words that , stand in contrast to thia aro vory beautiful-' Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which ia good to tho use of edifying, that it may ministor grace unto the hearers.' JTKEE SCOPE.-,r And when wo reject, and put off, and resist ali evil, let it not bo supposed that we unduly restrict tho tongue ; that wo do not give it ampio scope and opportunity for discourso. There aro four groat regions of truth, in which tho tongue may do its duty to man, and glorify God ; so that, according to tho metaphor of tho text, the tree may open its ample branches, and may grow in all the loftiness of its staturo, presenting fruits so luscious and rofreahing, that all who pass by may cat and regale themselves. ? What aro theso regions in which tho tonguo may exorcise itself ao frcoty ? " 1. It has liberty, when it speaks of tho works oi God in creation. Tor thoro aro tho heavens above, and there ia the earth beneath. Thore is tho sun and the moon, and thoro are tho stars of light. Here are lakes and rivers, fountains and waterfalls, hills and valleys. Hero aro trees, from tho codnr of Lobanon to tho hyssop on tho wall. Thero are creatures of every kind, from the ephomoron which glitters in the sunbeam, and dies at night, to tho lofty archangel, who nevor dies at all. We may speak of these things, aided by the investigations of others who aro wiBer than ourselves. Scienco may shed its bright and sweet light upon our conversation and discourso. And I think that the exorcise of tho tonguo ia salu tary, whon in this spirit wo exclaim, " Theso are thy glorious works, Patent of good, Almighty, thine this untvorsul frame, Thus wondrous fair ; Thyself how wonilrous thon 1 unspeakable, who sitt'st abovo thesohcavons, To us invisible or dimly seen Jn theso thy lowest works ; yet thneo declaro Thy goodness beyond thought, and power divino. "2. The second great region for the- nae and exorcise of tho tonguo is tho providence of God, or tho Government of God, in his watchfulness ovor the affaira of men. Thoro ia tho history of all nations, from tho beginning of all time till now. There aro ovonts taking place evory day in tho four quarters of our great globo ; and copious information is brought to us by tho public press. A- man may go into theso topics dovoutly and piously, beholding in theso occurrences tho hand of God, the result of His counsels, and the accomplishment of His will," "Wo may tell and tattle of our own experience, like David, when ho enid, ' Como and hear, a'l yo that fear God ; and I will declare what He hath done for my soul.' This must bo done with prudonco and discretion, with delicacy anl with caution ; or you may make known what had bettor ba concealed and nevor havo beon spoken. You may give tho account of your own life, which is to you tho most intoroating manifestation of God's provi dence, and which may bo instructive to those around you. You may safely speak of the protection you have onjoyed under tho shadow of His wing, of the security and ropose you have realized under His government, guidance, and protection ; and you may thus lead others to that fountain of satisfaction, by which you aro made happy. This is the way in whioh tho tonguo may minister that which is refresh ing and edifying, and be a tree of life. " 3. This is tho Word of God. Here ia a wide region, a beautiful and fragrant field, which is full of riches and glory. You may ga from tho beginning of Genesis to the ond of Revelation. lloro aro facts and histories. Hore are types and prophecies, psalms and hymns, philosophy in Ecclesiastes, and common senso in the Proverbs to regulate the .. flairs of life. Above all, hore is Christ, in his work and substitution, in his sacrifice and his grace, in his gift of the Holy Ghost, in his resurrection and ever lasting priesthood. " 4. Again it may be so, when wo speak of things that aro especially suitable to tho circumstances of tho people whom we aro addressing. Is any oppressed, or oast down P A word spoken in due season how good is it ! Of Christ it was predicted, -He shall know how to speak a word in season to him that is weary. * Comfort yo, comfort yo, my people, saith your God.' Speak that which will assuage grief, and mitigate sorrow ; and it is a leaf from tho tree of lifo which is for the healing of tho nations. Ilion CALLING OP THE TONGUE.-" Wo read of a tree of lifo in three places in Holy Scripture. 1. In the Book of Genesis we aro informod that it was placed in the midst of the garden. Of it our first parents might oat when they pleased, and its fruit was pleasant to tho taste. It was understood to bo a sign and token and pledge of their immortality. 2\. Then, in tho splendid visions which Ezekiel saw, there was tho tree of lifo growing on either sido of that extraordinary river which issued from the temple steps. This is supposed to intimate that believers who receive continual supplies of living wator from God, should be lovely and fruitful to ono another, and salutary in their mutual communica tions. 3. And in the Book of Revelation, there is the troo of life, casting down its shadow upon tho river, bearing twelve manner of fruits, and having leaves which aro for the healing of the nations. And the text intimates that what the tree of lifo was to our first parents, and what it is in the Books of Ezekiel and Revelation, the tonguo of every wise, holy, intelligent, and devout man will be, in the sphere and station which he occupies, and in the circle which Divine Providence has appointed bim to fill and to adorn. A wholesome tonguo Í3 a tree of life. VAMOUS SCENES OP ACTION.-" There is the tongue which argues and flushes in tho Senate. Thoro is tho tongue of tho advocate and of tho judge, the tongue which expounds law, and defines the rules of ovidenco ; the tonguo which acquits or condemns tho prisoner. In tho sanctuary, the tongue of a righteous minister is a tree of life. Be it known unto you, that hy this man, Jesus Christ, we preach repontanco and tho forgiveness of sins ; that by Him we aro justified from all things, from which we could not he justified by tho law of Moses. When these truths are opened, and these principles are expounded, tho tongue is a tree of lifo. When Poter spoke on tho day of Pentecost, his tonguo was a tree of lifo. When Paul spoke on Mars' Hill, his tonguo was a tree of lifo. And when tho duty of the pulpit is rightly done, and tho Holy Ghost accom panies the utterunco, this text is verified, and tho peoplo say,-' It is good for us to be here !' Tho tongue is touched with a livo coal from off the altar. In tho sanctury one would wish not to be a well at which the traveller seeking to quench his thirst shall find no water. One would wish to bo a fountain ever flowing, or a tree of lifo from which all may gather fruit, as much of it as they will. TAULB TALK.-" 2. Our tongue may be a troo of life in our families, at our morning and evening repast, daily, as we meet at table. What is your conversation ? Let it bo innocent and harmless ; let it bo sportivo, if you please ; there is no objection to hilarity, or to tho sparkling and playfulness of wit ; but we should aim to be intelligent and instructive, whilo nt tho Bamo timo we are elastic, freo, and happy ; so, your tongue may be tree of lifo, ' A GUIDE OP YOUTH.-"3. The text may he verified, when we teach tho young ; when wo pour Scripture into their minds, when wo oxplain to them tho Book of God, when we load them in the ways of virtue, or speak to them of Christ. Oh bo careful to speak innocently and piously in tho nearing of the young. 4. The tongue may be a tree of lifo in our ordinary intercourse with ono another, when we meet to show our friendship and good will, and to partake of each other's hospitality. What is our tongue dding ? It ia melancholy to* think that even good men often moet, without deriving any advan tage from ouch other's company. Tho right subject is not started, and nothing profitable or tending to edification is spoken. There is water deep in tho well, but there is no bucket to draw it out. THE BË.ÎT TALK -" What examples, on thoothor hand wo have in Scripture of profitable conversation. How Elijah and Elisha talked ! How tho two disciples conversed on their way to Emmaus ! When a third had drawn nigh, they said, ' Did not our hearts burn within us while he talked with us by tho way, and while ho oponed to us tho Scriptures ?' How Christ talked ! We refer not only to great occasions or to public discourses; but see him at dinner in tho Pharisee's house ; mark his demoanour there, and ohsorvo tho offoct his conversation bad on the woman at his feet ! You say, ' I am not Christ.' No ; but he has set us nn example, that wo should walk in His steps, aud wo should aim to be like Him. THE EituiTS.-Let me remind you that every sentiment you advance is a seed which will go else where. Like tho down of tho thistle, it will bo cav riod oh tho wings of tho wind. It will he planted, and take root, and vegetate, and grow. It will multiply, and it may endure for ages. Every error is a seed, and so is every truth ; it may go and pro pogale itself, and bo multiplied indefinitely. Yet there is this groat difference : that error may grow of itself, like the thorns and briers of tho wilder ness; while truth requires care, and cultivation, and watchfulness, being like the precious grain, or like tho most valuable among tho herbs. Take caro that you do not sow tho soeds of sin by your conversation, but the seeds of holiness ; and if these bo sown with difficulty, and oven with weeping, in duo timo you shall return, bearing sheaves of glory with you, and enjoying an ample hurvost. " 5. Listly, the tonguo may bo a troo of lifo at the bed of the sick and dying. There it may uttor ila softest words, and drop sentences of the richest consolation, whioh will bo unspeakably precious. You may say things to tho dying which will help them in their final atrugglo; so that after your voice, they shall hoar no more, till they liston to the words of tho glorified, and to tho tongues of tho angola which are in heaven. I observe in conclusion, the tongue is a small mombor, but it boasteth Rreat things. It may'bo the instrument of groat evil, or of amnzing good. It is by the tonguo that princes rulo, sonators decree judghmont, By tho tonguo the counsel defends his cliont, and tho jury give their verdict. By tho tongue, the minister performs his office in the sanctuary, and the merchant con ducts his busiuoaa, and mastora teach in the schools, and all things in the halls of scienco, and in the . courts of sovereigns, are transacted by the tongue. Tho tonguo of man is the pivot on which tho whole system of human society moves. It is the tongue that makes our tables differ from tho mangers of horses; by roason of the tongue, wo aro not dumb, as tho fishes of the sea. By the tongue, we sing litanies to God, and pour out homilies to men. I wonder not that David should say, * Awake up my glory, and sing praise to God,' or that Dr. Young should affirm, If thought wero all, sweet speech had been domed. Bless God for the tongue. Ask for wisdom, that the tonguo may utter knowledge Ask for a renewed mind, that these may be sanctified speches. And set a watch upon tho door of your lips. You can not tame another man's tongue, but you can tame your own. May it henceforth be a tree of lifo." 