OUR AMUSEMENTS. the prince of wales opera house. There is nothing particularly new to chronicle in matters operatic. Verdi's grand opera " Rigoletto " was produced on Saturday evening, the commencement of the second season, with considerably greater success than has attended the production of the majority of the operas during the last season. The attendance was. however. wretchedly poor, owing, probably, to the miserable state of the weather. Signor Coliva, as the Court fool, Rigoletto, made a great hit by his very artistic impersonation. The Duke was very finely represented by Signor Etosnati, both vocally and dramatically ; the scene, especially, in which he exhibits feelings of intense horror at hearing the curse pronounced upon him by Montironi being given with consummate power. His vocalisation of the celebrated cavatina " La donna e mobile " was great, and very loudly and deservedly applauded. Signor Dondi was an excellent Sparafacile, and did the little he had to do thoroughly. The Ghilda of Signora Coy was, as might have been anticipated from so talented an artiste, perfectly rendered. Altogether " Rigoletto" has been brought out with more evident care than has been bestowed upon any preceding opera. " Nabucco " and " II Matrimonio Segreto "' have been re-produced, but failed to attract large audiences. This (Friday) evening, "Lucia di Lamrnennoor " is announced to be given, and, as it is undoubtedly the finest rote of Signora Coy, it ought to prove exceedingly attrac tive. Donizetti's opera " La Favorita " is in rehearsal, and will be produced on Monday evening. royal victoria theatre. Mr. Morton Tavares has thoroughly established himself in the good graces of the theatre-going public, and has attracted large and sometimes crowded houses to witness his highly artistic impersona tions. At first sight, and to an unthinking spectator, Mr. Tavares might appear too quiet, for he makes his points naturally, easily, and unaffectedly, ignoring to a great extent the traditionary stage usages — the frantic appeals to the gods, the terrrrrrri-ble — bllllood- thirsty ravings, the maniacal stampings, and all the other absurd mouthings too common at the present day, which to an educated audience are more appreciated by their breach than by their obser vance. "The Merchant of Venice" was produced on Friday evening, in which Mr. Tavares sustained the character of "Shy lock" with great power, but quietly and naturally. The cunning, revenge, hate, passion, and disappointment of the baffled Jew, were vividly pourtrayed, without any straining after effect. He was frequently and loudly applauded throughout the performance. Mrs. R. Heir's " Portia " was, as might have been expected, most artistic, and stood out in high relief against the almost inane representation of "Jes sica " by Madame Milthorpe, and the character of " Nerissa " not much better rendered by Miss Montague. "Antonio" found a very good representative in Mr. Holloway, and the " Bassanio " of Mr. Darrell, and " Gratiano " of Mr. Power, were carefully and evenly played. Mr. Andrews was not so happy in his assumption of the role of " Gobbo," and, compared with his usually well-rendered pourtrayals, it was tame and mannered. Mr. Howe is to be com mended for the care he bestowed on the part of "Duke," a cha racter that is too often neglected, and one that requires dignity and careful reading. On Tuesday Mr. Tavares appeared as "Hamlet," and with great success. The first act went somewhat flat, but in the second, third, and fourth acts especially, he completely carried the audience with him. The scene between "Hamlet" and "Ophelia," in third act, was finely given, and the advice to players — advice that might, with much advantage to themselves and the public, be care fully followed by several members of the company — the play-scene — the wrapt attention of "Hamlet" to the effect produced upon the King and Queen by the dramatic representation — the sudden transition from anxiety to triumph, as the king rises in haste and anger — his interviews with the Players and " Polonius " — the closet scene, and the struggle between the feelings of a son for his mother, and the almost loathing with which he regarded a too close contact with her, were all artistically given. Mrs. Heir was tho roughly effective in her delineation of the character of "Ophelia," and added considerably to the success of the performance — her finished acting eliciting frequent applause. Miss Rosa Cooper, an old favourite, made her re-appearance in the role of the "Queen," in which she both looked and acted well. Mr. Harding was not so successful in his impersonation of the King, either in his make-up — which was anything but regal — or in the reading, which was somewhat taine and undignitied. Mr. Darrell appeared as the " Ghost," and, for a young actor, with much credit. His interview with " Hamlet," on the rampart (a very prettily-arranged scene, by the way, of Habbe's), was too preachy and drawling in the delivery. Mr. Douglas might pay some little attention to his costume in representing the character of Horatio, and endeavour to find boots bearing a slight resemblance to those of the period. He has also to be reminded that there is such a letter as H, and that the more frequent use of it in the required places would be an improvement. The representation by Mr. Andrews of the Gravedigger has been so frequently eulogised that it is a work of supererogation to make more than a passing mention of it. The pieces have been well mounted. A little more care in arranging the dresses of the supers might be advisable : elastic-side boots were not, if history is right, much worn in the days of Hamlet. Some of the scene-shifters are either clumsy or careless — the appearance of a dirty shirt sleeve does not add to the scenic effect. The management have paid great attention to the interior arrangements of the theatre : there is a comfortably furnished cloak- room for ladies, with attendance, and there appears to be a general desire to make the theatre worthy of patronage. Mr. Punch regrets that he cannot in this issue speak of the performance of "Richelieu" except to record the fact that Miss Surtees made her debut in the character of "Julie de Mortimer" with great success. Quite an ovation was accorded to this lady upon her appearance, and she was several times honored with a re-call. She will, with a little stage practice, become a very valuable accession to the theatrical profes sion. On Saturday the new comedy of " The Two Roses " is to be produced. 