LITERATURE. ORIGINAL TALE, PIERCE CHARLTON'S WIVES. BY GEO. ARTHUR WALSTAB, Esq., AUTHOR OF "HARCOURT DARRELL," "CONFESSED AT LAST," ETC., ETC. ————<>——— WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR "THE WEEKLY TIMES." VOLUME II. CHAPTER X.—TAKEN FROM THE TOILS. ( Continued.) Charles Ashton had fainted. He was no school- girl, not even a weak man, but fatigue, passion, heat, and foulness had done their work, and he had fainted. " Here, bring a light, sergeant; why, by Jove, it's Ashton. Poor fellow ! what's this all mean?" He held the head very gently as he spoke, and then noticing the cut on the young man's cheek, he said very sternly, "Sergeant Jervis, what's the meaning of all this? How did this gentleman come here ?" Unwittingly, perhaps, but still very perceptibly, Lt. Verdun laid such stress on the word "gentle- man," that the sergeant's face looked much longer than it had ever done before, while an idea seized him that he had put his foot in it. "Took him on the Eureka road, sir, just beyond Bream's store. Had no license, sir, and resisted us. Struck me in the face, sir, nearly broke my jaw." " And got his own cut too," said Verdun sternly. " Very good, sir. I'll enquire into all this to- morrow. That's it, father, just a little water over the face. He'll soon come to, and we'll get him out into the open air. Handsome boy, isn't he?" " Very," replied the priest, almost peering into the face, leaning back on Verdun's knee. " What did you call him?" " Ashton. He's mate with a man I know out at Brown Hills. You know him too — Sylvester. He met this young fellow about two months or so ago, and now they're like brothers." " Do you know anything of him ?" "Nothing except his name, and that he's evidently a gentleman. That's it, he's opening his eyes now." Weary and languid-looking eyes indeed, but with something in them that made the priest shrink hurriedly back, and then again press as hurriedly forward again. "Take some more water, Ashton," said Verdun, " you'll soon be'better." " Verdun, is that you ?" said the boy in a faint voice. " Much obliged to you. Nice place this, isn't it ? Is this the way men are treated by your fellows?" " Hush," said Verdun in a low voice, "drink this, and we'll get you out of this as soon as we can." The loathing of the place and its sights and sounds, was stronger in Ashton's mind than even the sense of injustice, and he rose feebly to his feet. "I am all right now," he said. " Can I go out of this ? Do you want anything more of me ?" " Oh no," interrupted one of the other un- licensed. "You're a gentleman, and a friend of the officers, and you can go. Nice justice that. Can't you let us go too, governor." " My good friend," said Verdun very quietly, but with his lips set hard. " If you had waited a moment you would have heard me tell this gentleman, who is a friend of mine, that I couldn't let him out, but that if he could find bail, I would take it. Let's hear how it happened. Have you no license, Ashton ?" " I'll tell you how it came about in five minutes. I wanted, to tell the Commissioner, but he wouldn't let me. I came up to get my license this morning, and while lying down in the bush the money dropped out of my pocket. When the sergeant asked me, I told him this, but he wouldn't be- lieve me, and——" " Then you obstructed me in the execution of my duty," grumbled the sergeant, but much more coolly than before. "If it was your duty to seize me by the arm when I offered to go quietly, I certainly did obstruct you, if that's the professional term for knocking down. I knocked him down, Lt. Ver- dun, and any man would have done the same." "Just so, Sergeant Jervis," said Verdun, sternly, but too much of a trained soldier to rebuke his non-commissioned officer before the men. "I will enquire into the matter to-morrow, and now, Ashton, can you get any bail ? For the satisfaction of that gentleman who spoke just now about justice, I must tell you that, on a charge like this — obstructing the police, and knocking down a constable — my personal bail, would not be allowed." " Ah ! as for the charge, sir," said the sergeant in a conciliatory tone, " I'll withdraw that, sir. I'm —— " Hold your tongue, sir !" said Verdun angrily. "The charge is made, and you shall stick to it. I'll take excellent care that the Bench hear everything. Now for your bail, Ashton ?" " I don't know a soul," said the young man very gloomily, " unless they'd take Tarleton's bail." " Pardon me," said the priest, who had been standing silently by, " but I shall be most happy. You can introduce me to Mr. Ashton afterwards. What amount do you require ?" " Ten pounds it must be," said Verdun. The priest took the money from a leather purse and handed it to Verdun. " You are free now, Ashton," said the police officer. "I will see you out of the camp. Come along." Too confused even to thank his deliverer, Ashton followed Verdun towards the door, but ere they reached it their steps were arrested by the voice of the man who had spoken before. " It's a nice thing to be a gentleman and have friends. I ain't so fortunate." "Really," said Verdun turning round, "you are a most dissatisfied person. You are only here for not having a license. Get me a £5 bail , and you shall go, too." " I ain't got no bail," was the sulky answer, " unless the parson there will go bail for me as he did for your friend." The priest turned round directly. " What I have," he said, "is not my own. If I lend you five pound's, will you promise to pay it back in the morning, and appear to answer the charge ?" He looked at the man steadily as he spoke. It was a grumbler he addressed, but an honest one after all. "No, sir," was his answer. "I ain't got no five pounds. Good night. Sorry I spoke." " So you ought to be," said Verdun, " but I'll do what I can for you in the morning. Good night. Lock the door, sergeant. Come to my tent the first thing in the morning, and don't forget to look in at that noisy brute during the night. Father Parsons and Ashton, you will come with me?" The sergeant saluted and walked away, and the three men were left alone. Then Ashton spoke. " This gentleman's name, Verdun?" "The Rev. Father Parsons," said Verdun, " Roman Catholic clergyman of the district." " I am much obliged to you for your kindness," said Ashton, his pale cheek flushing, " and now, if you will allow me, I will say good night. I will be at the court in the morning." " Come into my tent, and have something to drink first," said Verdun. Ashton laid his hand on the officer's arm. "You have been very kind, Verdun, and I don't want to be churlish ; but I had better go. To enter a tent in this camp to-night would stifle me ; to drink a glass of water even would choke me. Besides, Bob will be anxious. Good night, Verdun ; .and you, sir. If my thanks are worth having, they are yours, heartily and sincerely yours. We shall see each other again. Please don't ask me to stay, Verdun. I don't want to insult the Government you serve, but" — and here his voice changed to the hoarse tone of passion — " if ever other men feel like I do now, there'll be more blood stains about than this on my cheek. Good night." And turning hastily away, before they could stop him, he walked quickly down the hill towards the flat. A little later, the priest left the camp too, murmuring, as he walked towards the hotel— " Poor Lucy's eyes ; the old loving look seen for a moment, and then changed. I must see him again.'' CHAPTER XI.—MAUDE THINKS OF IT. Houses have characters. They partake, to a certain extent, or the individualities of the owners ; owners, mind, not mere residents. An old house, the property of successive genera- tions of a family, partakes more or less of the family characteristics. It has a sporting exterior, a scientific appear- ance, or simply a homelike, hospitable appearance, even as the owners are people possessing no special qualifications beyond unbounded good- nature and unlimited hospitality. Such a house was Seven Yews. Ancient enough to look comfortable, without being suggestive of rats, ghosts, or mildew ; modern enough to look fresh and bright, without reminders of nouveaux riches. Large enough to be equal to the accommodation of any sociable number of guests ; small enough to put aside any idea of scattered friends, windy corridors, and uninhabited rooms. The trees were old, the shrubberies well trimmed, the gardens well attended to. The gravel drives were neatly kept, and yet showed traces of daily usage. The hall door had the indescribable appearance of being ready to open. A close observer would have noticed that Seven Yews had a semi- military air about it ; not obtrusive, but still unmistakable. One or two of the men-servants had been in the army ; and, more indicative still, all the women-servants were not agape when a redcoat came near. As was frequently the case, for Seven Yews is not very far from Maidstone, and there there is a permanent cavalry depôt. Altogether, Seven Yews was the beau ideal of an English country house. And, as suggested by the exterior, the interior had that bright, pleasant home-look unmistakably English. And the owners. Mr. and Mrs. Sylvester are seated at that table now. Both stout, but not uncomfortably so. Ruddy and healthy-looking, cheerful and keen-eyed. Mrs. Sylvester has that cosy look which good health, an easy mind, and easy circumstances alone can give. She is not active enough to make several dressings in the day, and not suf- ficiently Continental in her tastes to appear in a loose dressing-gown at the table. She com- promises by wearing the housekeeper-like black silk until the final dressing for the evening. And sonsie enough she looks. She is leaning slightly across now to speak in a low tone to the young lady who sits opposite, glancing up from the fresh spring violets she is half mechanically arranging in a lily-shaped cup to the bright blue of the sky and the delicately- tinted green of the budding trees. We know the young lady. Maude Barrington has altered but slightly. Perhaps the few months have added a deeper gravity to the habitually grave face. The serious eyes, so fathomless in depth and so brilliant in expression, have perhaps a darker hue and an added seriousness. But there is the same lithe gracefulness of figure, the same stately turn of the throat, the same classic arrangement of the hair that made the name of Maude and its owner so appro- priately fitted. " Have you looked at the post-bag?" Mrs. Sylvester asks. There were no regular mails then from Aus- tralia, and the opening of the post-bag was aIways a source of pleasurable anxiety to Maude. With a slightly quicker movement, she answered in the negative. Receiving the key from Mr. Sylvester, she turned to the side- table. A faint sound of delight escaped her as she drew out a letter with the unmistakable postmark and the familiar handwriting. " There, then ; run away, and read your precious epistle in peace, my dear ; and then comeback and tell us all the news from the golden country." Maude went off, at Mr. SyIvester's suggestion, not running, but walking slowly, and opening her letter as she went. She crossed the hall, rendered warm and brilliant by the bright fire and the brighter sun- shine. Half mechanically, she wandered into the library, and there sat in a deep window to read her brother's letter. " The bright flush which crossed her face as she began the letter faded out, and left a cold shadow of pallor as she proceeded. In spite of the prohibition and warning, she did start as she read the proposal laid before her. The colour went and came again; the little hands clenched and unclenched themselves, not with hasty hysterical movements, but with the concentrated agony that finds relief in physical pain. After the first tremor of the lips, they became set and firm. Pallid and cold-looking. The tears that started to the proud eyes remained on the lashes. They did not fall splash, splash, in an ordinary feminine way, but rather were re- pressed in a half masculine manner, indicative of greater pain. This was the letter ; — Camp, Ballarat, January 28, 1854. My darling Maude, A year ago I asked your help in my efforts to raise a fallen house. You gave that help, as you always have given help when I needed aid. I am asking for it again, now. Yesterday I received a letter from Sir Maudesly Charlton. I enclose it for you to read. In it he says I am not to start. I say the same to you. Abrupt, rough as it may seem, I have no choice but to come to the point direct. Sir Maudesley asks you to marry him. I don't disguise from you, Maude — I never have disguised anything from you — that I believe Sir Maudesly's sole object is to destroy all chance of your ever marrying his nephew. In plain English, he offers Baring Chase as the price of a separation made sure by your becoming Pierce's aunt. Read his letter again ; read it twice or three times, the more the better, for it will make the matter clearer to you than ever. All I ask you is to think over it well before you decide. Think for yourself especially. Think how little you are suited for the life you mark out for yourself. Think that you can regain your rights. Remember that Pierce may forget you— mind, it is a brother and not a lover that writes— although you may not forget him, and your youth be wasted in vain. I will not disguise from you that the question is one of barter, but it is the barter of a " hand " merely, and not half as bad as half the marriages made every day. Do not, Maude, decide hastily. Write and put off Sir Maudesly if you like, but, at any rate, do not decide in a hurry. Don't think of my position at all. Only think of yourself as trustee of the property that belongs to you, but can be regained in no other way. — Your affectionate brother, BARING BARRINGTON. A very clever letter indeed. Clever especially in that little or no mention was made of himself, an affectation of disinterestedness more likely to sway a girl like Maude than the most earnest en- treaties for aid on personal grounds. To regain Baring Chase was, she knew, her brother's great object in life, and in the memory of all his past affection that object had become to her almost sacred. So, the letter in her hand, Maude sat thinking. When Baring Barringten left his sister after his first disclosure of his plan to her at the semi- nary in Kensington, he went away with an ex- ultant step, and an assured expression. " She will do it," he thought, and "though she had said little in regard to his explanation, still he was justified in believing he would find her a help-meet in his long cherished scheme. Could he have watched the changing expression now on her face, he would not have felt so certain of her co-operation. But, then, she was fancy free, and the proposal to win the affections of a young and handsome boy did not present anything repulsive to a girl, who, having no other love, had centred all her affection on the brother who proposed the plan. After- wards, the task ceased to be a task. But, now, she was asked to marry, not only an old man, not only a helpless, irritable, violent man, but the one who had separated her from the one she loved — who had taken from her this brightness of her life — who proposed to her, not from any love or esteem or ambition, but merely that he might make her the means, while grati- fying her brother's long-cherished hopes, of effectually robbing that other one she loved of all he had a right to expect in the world. And by the same means to put an eternal barrier between herself and Pierce, who was thus to be doubly wronged and robbed at her hands. No wonder the letters swam before her eyes— that thought became incoherent. She sat on thus, the letters before her, and found herself trying vainly to imagine a reason why the paper pattern on the walls had not been made to match more evenly. Providentially, a certain strain of thought always does produce this sort of reaction, and the overtaxed brain follows some fanciful will-o'-the- wisp idea, until the tension is somewhat re- laxed. Then Maude began to think again. She weighed all she could gain by accepting Sir Maudesly's proposal—all she could give to the distant and dearly-loved brother who had sacrificed so much for her. She saw clearly enough how every hope and ambition of his would be accomplished. She remembered that Baring Chase would be his—she did not think of herself—that he could return from his dreary exile — take up the position she knew to be his right, and which she thought him so well fitted to fill. No, she did not think of herself. She regarded the matter as purely connected with her distant brother at first. His wishes, his claims, his hopes weighed with her. Considering all these, remembering Baring's earnest appeal to her when he had first spoken of his life-long expectations and hopes, and com- paring them now with his apparent abnegation of self, she was almost ready to make the sacrifice. Not that she regarded it as self-sacrifice, for still her own share of suffering or otherwise did not occur to her mind. But, after a while, the remembrance of all the harm she would thus work to Pierce came with full force upon her. She remembered how voluntarily he had given up all the good things offered to her acceptance rather than he would give her up. How he had made himself homeless, rather than keep a home without her to share it. How he had abandoned the only living person whom he loved, and who loved him, rather than give up her love. And then she knew she could not marry Sir Maudesly Charlton, not even to secure to her brother all he had longed, and hoped, and schemed, and worked for. Had it been merely a question of wedding a disagreeable old man and abandoning Pierce, the struggle would not have been so hard. The love for her brother would have triumphed, perhaps, over that other love. But this double wrong she could not inflict. Then, too, came thoughts of her own position — of her utter misery as the wife of that man, for whom she had once or twice felt soft twinges of pity as she saw his helpless, lonely state when Pierce had gone. Still, any thought for herself was not the ruling thought. It came in only as an undertoned accompaniment to the full-toned refrain—" I can't wrong him so, I can't wrong him so." Had she read the letter fifty times over instead of three, and had she thought over it for months instead of an hour, she could have come to no other decision. "I can't wrong him so, I can't wrong him so. Bruised, stricken, wounded as I am, he is worse ; I can't wound him more." She was still pale and sad when kindhearted Mrs. Sylvester came to tell her that she had — " Oh, such a nice letter, dear, from Robert, who had found such a good mate (though why a mate, when he wasn't at sea, she couldn't make out), a Mr. Charles Ashton ; and he was doing well, and perhaps soon might come home rich." " And, oh, my dear," continued the good lady, with tears in her eyes, " I wish he would come home, and settle down, and marry, that I might see his children before I go." She had Maude's hand in her own as she spoke, patting it gently with her own plump, soft fingers, and perhaps for a moment fancied that the hand- some girl who had become far dearer to her than an ordinary guest would make a mistress for Seven Yews to be proud of. Perhaps because Maude still sat sad and silent, she petted her more than usual all day, till at last even a smile came. But for all that, though she looked brighter and better at dinner, Maude made no change in her resolve, and the very next day she wrote a letter, kind and loving, but containing a most decided refusal. It was some time before Captain Barrington received this letter, but when he did, his plans had assumed an aspect even more settled. He had hoped, when he wrote, that his sister would consent. When he received her answer, he was determined that she should. CHAPTER XII.—BACK TO LAL-LAL. Robert Sylvester was very angry. If possible, his indignation on hearing that his friend had been arrested, knocked down, bound, locked-up, and generally ill-treated, was greater than that of the friend himself. There was lurking in Ashton's mind an idea that, had he kept his temper, he might have got out of the difficulty without half the bother. Sylvester couldn't see anything of the kind. To him the fact that his mate, his chum, an honest straightforward man, let alone a gentle- man, had been knocked down and handcuffed, was enough to excite more indignation than he cared to show or express. It was to no purpose that the case of the Queen v. Ashton was virtually dismissed, that the fine was remitted on payment of the license-fee, and that the sergeant was reprimanded by his officers first, and the Bench afterwards. The ignominy and degradation were the same, and though Ashton laughed over his cut face and torn shirt, Sylvester felt the insult as much as he could see his mate did. They went no more to the camp. It was in vain that Verdun came down to their tent, and pointed out to them how, after all, it was a mere matter of duty. They admitted that it was duty, but they persisted that the duty had been overstrained. Verdun, whose soldierly training had made him, to some extent, a slave to the theory of "You-have- your-orders, sir," held out long in argument, and even at the last only gave in unwillingly; but the Lady unhesi- tatingly, and without the slightest regard for discipline, asserted boldly, that Ashton had been something more than badly treated, and that he had served the sergeant something well right. So they went to the camp no more, and though the old friendly feeling was kept up, the men who had made up such a jovial party on Christmas Eve began to see less of each other. Sylvester and Ashton at first missed the com- panionship more than they cared to show. It had been something after all the daily toil, to mix with men of their own stamp. Moreover, there was another pleasure in their intercourse with the camp. Utterly divided as they were from the life of the past, neither Ashton nor Sylvester had forgotten its instincts. Like turns to like, and those who have dipped their forks in the fleshpots of Edom have a strange hankering to try the experiment over again. It was all very well to say that they had cast aside all the prejudices of the old world, and taken up the fresher garments of the new — some idea of the conformability of the past would cling to them. In spite of all their talk about escaping from the thraldoms of civilisation, it was pleasant, even if only occasionally, to come back to the old life, to dress once more in civilised clothes, to sit down at a civilised board, and eat food in a civilised manner. But the hot indignation at the treatment Ashton had experienced overpowered all. "We won't say a word, Charley," said Bob, when the whole thing was over, "and that priest, as everyone knows in the district, was a brick; but we'll drop it. We'll just keep to ourselves, mon comarade, and steer clear of all outside influences. It's my opinion that there will be a row over this license affair, and though I shall never be a party to anything like rebellion, I don't intend to, and I can't, be so thick as we used to be with the men whose underlings locked you up. It's a matter of duty, Charley, and we'll keep out of it." They did keep out of it. They worked very hard. They drank very little, fared very humbly, and were for the nonce contented— Ashton unusually so. He worked with a greater will even than before. Sylvester had in the course of his digging experience met with good working mates, but never with one whose heart was in the work like that of Ashton's evidently was. He liked him more and more for it, and the ties of " matedom" grew stronger. "You mustn't puzzle over it now, Bob," Ashton had said when he spoke to him about it. There are heaps of things in my life l must tell you by- and-by, Bob; but one thing I can tell you now— I had to submit to one degradation at home, and I have to submit to another here. I want to work so as to forget both." And they did work— morning, noon, and night, with changing and varying Iuck, but still with work. They worked out their claim; it was better than they expected, and Ashton found himself one morning the possessor, with his mate, of £2000. Robert Sylvester at first talked about going home, but Ashton wouldn't listen to it, and at last it was agreed that the sum should be invested in some "deep-sinking," or a newly-discovered lead. (TO BE CONTINUED) 