EASTERN RIVERS. There is a network ot rivets and creeks extend- ing, from tho Manning to tlio Bellinger, and Laving their source in detached mountains, the eastern spurs of tho New England range, or in marshes and lagoons lying between them and tho sea, into -which they run by many a dovious course. Of these, the Hastings, ihe Wilson, and tho Maria, and the creeks that unite or (low into them, arc amongst the most interesting and beautiful. It was on a cold frosty morning, in July hist, that I took boat at Pott Murmurio, bound for Boat liai hour-tho nearest point to Kempsey by river communie ition. As the boat glided i rom the whaif, and, fielding to the touch ol' the oarsman, sped across Port Macquarie Bay towards the mouth of the Hastings (which is on the op- posite sido to the township), the day was be- ginning to "break,'' and tho top of Flagstaft hill was glinting in the first beams of the sim, as he rose from his ocean bed, lurid and majestic. The swell from tho sante ocean caine heaving upon the sand-bar at the cntraitco to Clio Bay, and filled the morning air with its moaning, wailing roar-a roar that followed me for many a milo, and many an hour, along river and creek, creek and river. Aston, the sugar plantation of Mr. Davis (late Lord Sommerville'», and whore tho .Rev. John Holland planted and crushed tho first canes crown in tho Hastings district), rose oh my left, a nill-side commanding a noble prospdet of river and bay, land and sea-now waving in places with graceful cine ; and a large vineyard springing np in .'mother. j \- - 'Further on, were " Settlement IW] and ..Government Point, each washed by tho Bay on -tho one side, and by tho Hastings on tho- other ; 'and so long and narrow is thö peninsula1 thus , formed that ¡i canal of two hundred .yards 'or so Would connect the two, and savo boatmen three Or four miles of a "pull" round 'the "point," t from the spot at wliich it would enkcr the Bay to , that at which it would leave tho river on tho otherside. A still greater advantage would bo .gained, for the. latter faces a long reach of the ( Hastings^ ;is it sweeps from Blackmail's 'Point, wheic it is joined by tho Wilson ; and tho waters . 'of the united rivors aro carn eil right against it, , straight and strong, before thoy bend away to "" the left, spread and lose their force as they again o turn to the right, circle the Government If oint, and reach the Bay by a circuitous route. '.Brother words, the full volunio and force 'both " of k\ie Hastings and Wilson would be borne .through the canal ; and as it would open into the ' Bay on a line with tho usual entrance froin the sea-where tho " bar " is evun now most freo (though the present cmboitclntra of tho ¡river 'is on the c^her side)-the sands which form that " bar "_ would'bo swept away by the direct , current, and a deep, clear »channel bo always, pro served. This appears to be generally admitted ; 'but no step has been ever taken'in the 'matter ; , though %thc .sixty or, seventy .prisoners who aro usually cöiiiined'ni Port Macquarie gaol might bo as profitably eniploycd"aud as cheaply maintained, when cutting such «'canal as they are at present 1 basking in tho; sun]'and living-in uttor-uHeuoss, the year through. ' ", ' v ' r As my boat .rounded the point,'passing from the Bay into the Hasting^, a.fuUorman'B skiff shot ! byy carrying a rod, saü, and . making fur tho schnapper ground boyrond the " bar." The river ' is'herc' aboutm1 niiYe iii.width from shoro to shore : 1 fol-'it expands far to tho right, -where there1 is ii ; ;boit.of.,dead trees, tall and ghost ; and there "were ' /,/glimpses of f.vrms on» the Limeburner»' Creek, which runs in from tho river, but parallel ¡with the coast, for, ten or twelve miles. Thi«) ijréok is .a favourite haunt of1(0 when coiniug down the river, somo 'evenings ' afterwards, as dusk was setting in, I. heard tho shrill note of two1 of them passing overhead to its 'still waters. A lew minutes later five others' flew 4by in'single filo ; and then carno a 'wedge- of,, ,-,at 'least fivo*ann twenty, all bound for' tho "creek. j Our cource lay to the left, close by tho-banks .of Government Point and of Settlement Farndon v tlys liver m<ïc : mangroves nod latma springing iTnra ihe water's edge, and lining thoso banka tia a wall, but overtopped in turu by the t ill, groy .trees which lo^-e amongst them. Hero and at' many other places on the Hastings'-as'well''asJ' ?on the hilson, the Maria, and the ,adjohiing. creeks-passed thut day, thero were three.. \- tiifieient growths of tho mangrove-one j(liko pointed reeds) ninkr the* water,' or just peering. ^ above it ; another,' about'eight feet in height, ¿thick and .bushy, and of, a/dark jjreen V. mi thiid much higher, hirger-cvery way, and a» ¡light as the olivo in its leaf. _ The latona- of which a einglo slip was introduced l)y Major limes, as a precious rarity-has now spread in overy-direc- tion around Lake Innes, Port Macquarie, ana the banks of the Hastings, and has become a porfect' nuisance, in spite of its qualities as a hedge,' and its pretty ilower. , Tlie-tidc was with us, and a little wind . there was a slight îipple upon the river, and it looked sullen and cold under the keeu air t and hazy sky of the morning. A blue ' crane eyed us" f i oin the baale, or Happed lazily! by : and spur-winged plover hovered and " crafted ' from tlie opposite shore-which was deine, dark, and tall in its foliage, bush, _ and, trees, though the woodman's axe was ringing thrpugh it. But when w u next passed over the sanm spot (on returning from Kempsey), all was clunged \- tho water lay calm and still, the sun had sunk, , but its parting beams still gilded tho ' river, .suffusing it with tints of purple and gold,| and mellowing with their touch both shoro and sky ; the drip of our oars, and the note of the swan hastening to its cieek, the only sounds thatj met the ear. On Settlement Farm there were seven or eight acres of cane, in pleasing relief to the dark woods adjoining l'art ot this cane was ripe and ready for cutting ; some ot the leaves were " browned" from recent frost, but the stems were un- injured ; the lost of the cane would not be old enough to cut until next year. From ten ' to twelve shillings a ton for the cane, or from £ lo t j £-20 per acre, according to the quality, seemed to be the price expected by the cane- growers from the nullor?, or sugav makcis oí the district, who are the purchlisera where the grower dois not crush his own caned, and manufacture his own sugir-but which several of them are now boginniug to do, having purchased sm.ill mills 1"or tho purpose. If this season's operations prove a success, the growth of sugar, both on the Hastings and Wilson, will bo soon largely extended, and the beauty oí their banks proportionately increased-for the uiue is 1 " a very graceful plant, with its live or six li_ht green stems springing from the same ro >n to a height of b or I) feet, thick as a nun's wiiu .a the ?' base, but tapering to a feathery point, and s\s.iy " ing with eveiy breath of wind. Better still ; there will be au enlarged field for capital, enter w prise, and labour-happy homes and prosperous ""* men owning the soil which thoy cultívalo, and a valued br.uich of a future Nation. Between the farm and the crumbling wal I s of "Hamilton" (destroyed by fire some year, a*», and now deserted), there aro several noblo " tig trocs," under whose spieading arms cattle were browsing. Then we carno to two or throe cottage homesteads, and caught a glimpse of the road that leads from the " Port" to Blackmail's Point, from , which the telegraph wire is suspended, and the punt.plies, that cross the Hastings just before it ' _ receives the waters of the Wilson. Here1 the ' .''.Hastings is seen tobe flowing from the south-west, ,-and I Delieve it is navigable in that direction, ' \ (and towards Mount Sea View, from which it rises) either by a boat, or the small steamer which -l ^collects produce from the farms on its banka, tor about àO miles above the " point." Those lanas are numeious, and on many of thom the sugar ? ' 'cano is now grown. Tho extensive plantation , -, and valuable mill of Messrs. Nield and Boss, and ,'the still laiger manufactory of Messrs. Morrison ,i and.Davis, arc to pon this paifc-of the river. 'Bat we cannot -exploro it now-our'bourse is up the Wilson, which comes from the north-west, from 1ho baso of Mount Kippara, and is a wi.lo expanded stream at its junction with tho other river. v Our boat crosses, therefore, towards the opposite shores, and as it roaches a central point wo seem to bo surrounded by a \v,isto of waters ; the IIastines, which we aiu'lcaving, on ..tho left, and the "Wilson, upon which wo are entering, on the right-with Boland* Plains far in front. Nor aro mountains wanting to the sceno ; for Coolna patanta, tho whale-hacked, rises on the west, massive, sombre, and grim.'*- As we gain tho Wilson, we pass on the right Air. Farrell's cottage and grounds, prettily situated and well cleared. Near to this thero is an island of mangroves, of consideiable si/o and great beauty, having a channel between it and the mainland of sufficient I depth to float any boat when the tido is " in ;" l as its influence is i elt, and tho water is brackish, I not only for miles up the Hastings and Wilson, but on the Maria too. Wo were not ablo (owing to tho then state of the tido) to ascend that channel ; but we carno down it upon our return. We now kept on tho outer side of tho island, and far to the left of it, close by the other shore, from which thero rose, as wo approached a bank of reeds, a groat bird, of groyibli bluo, with drooping back, long neck and legs, cumbersome m rising, and awkward in flight. I thought at first it was a Gigantic crane, a bird that is occa sionaUy met with in that part of tho Colony, but it proved to bo a Nativo Companion, which is a still larger creature, and about as awkward when rising from a reed bank.' To bo seen to advau . tage it should bo stalking over a great paddock .or plain, or capering in a wheat field. ! Mangroves still lined the shore, overhanging trccB above, and trailing vines between ;l and every stein or bough, streamer, twig, or lea? was reflected in tho water below, as bright, distinct, and clear as_ tho objects themselves. Tho same inight bo said of every shore, whether of river or crock, hy which wo rowed throughout' the entiro day; its boauties were reflected in tho stream that laved it. Ahead of us were other but smaller islands of mangrove, some' in the course of formation, and only a fow inches in height ; others, isolated clumps of ten or twelve feet. Near lo these is a secluded aud singular, but exquisitely formed passage or armlet of tho river, by which a great " bend " can bo cut off. This passage is fenced with millgrove:* on either side, tier above tier, and is pilly a few yards in width-so narrow in places that a boat can scarcely pass ; and ¡us the mangroves on each side aro minutely reflected m the water beneath, tlnro secmn to remain but a central line of light which can be traversed. Everything else is green foliage-above, about, and below ; but foliage mute and stillt without chirp of bird, or other sound of life. This pass ige is hardly visited by a dozen persons in as ni my months, and probably it.will never bo much fre- quented ; yot it is as perfectly formed, and as marvellously beautiful; as if it wero designed for ~lho admiration of a multitude. ~" , ' - On emerging from it, and regaining tho river above tho bond, the latter is found to bo consider- ably narrower than it was bolovy-reduced to le*s than half á milo in width-and so it continués for two or three miles, but it gradually contracts as Stewart's hut;and dairy-farm aroapprbacbedj and a deserted homestead, called tho , THatch," is reached.'1 Passengers usually "land at tho Hatch : for it is tlie commencement, bf a riieck of (lana three,'miles in'length,'nurlswopt by -the.-Wilson, em each of its sides-iii ' other words, tho river so1 'winds' 'hrourid;' it; thuV: à \ lîôatmah ¡ has a good lidur'a pùlUjfrpm' "thq 'landing, placo' toithq"ste(j)sí''uiiiúodia¿ely' op.pqsite~-whorb tho, river is again met-- while thc^passengcrs, crofsliig, tho creckM'Qu.iod^,ha^c!;HtÛo"m9rû'than' lOo -yards tu-wal^-lJHerp'agam,'-tho-employment of prison labour, in cutting a tvary short canal, throüglí that,'strip would bo'a .great bonn',to | cvery^ono plying on the Wilson. As it is, boats, arc often carned-aoross it on men's shoulders, nr 'shVveflWorHÉ^y'Strongth'of arm, to avoid the tcd'ious pull' round the point. ' ; The' strip'itself. is.cloar of timber, and use'd as ra-paddock ; «onie years ago it was under cultiva tioii-Mlie'iiow ruinous cottage that stands n^nn it wits then a comfortable ho\w>, clio neglected ' orchard, tlmt adjoins it was then atiïekea with , choicest 'fruit trees'; ? and the fence that ,is,ini i broken down -in a hundred spots was neat, iAd trim, and decked wu)h the, lomon, the "hop jy ' huckle, and the rose.' -The . homestead has b-sn deserted for some time; and ''decay's oilV-Ui? finger ".has mot been idle. What ra nnrabbr 'of al-andonded places 0110 sees in a now country like Australia !-tho result, I 'suppose,' ofj the ' natural restlessness of man,» and the panci y-of persons to succeed others in any locally or, pursuit, i t^- . , v -,,,.! Leaving tho " steps," and a fluid of .sugar cane to tho right'of them, we soon carno toalloug straight "reach," whoso banks wero 'bmtnd literally bound-with the densest vines-so dense that it would have been almost impossible tojhavo penetrated them. And hero tho river was nearly covered with wild ducks. Throughout tho morn- ing, we had llown ducks from tuno to time, in twos, threes, and other small batches . but on this reach there must have been four or live hundred of them ; it was black with thom, and when! they rose they seemed to be in each other's way, so thickly were they jammed ; while the splash and whirr that accompanied their rising surpassed anything 1 had ever betöre seen or heard of. Nor was this the only phalanx that was "ruined" that day. There w ore three or four others quite as numerous ; and until we reached 13 iat ïlar bour-six and twenty miles thoncc-no I live minutes passed without our starting forty or fifty ducks : 1 am convinced that the, entire number, from first to last, could not havo been less than five or six thousand. But on every lake, and river, creek and lagoon, in the Colony, tho wild duck swarmed last season. There has buen nothing like it in the memory of " the oldest inhabitant." Other reaches and other vine elad banks suc- ceeded till we were abreast of cleared streaks on our left, which marked the neighbourhood of " Pleasant Plains," extending towards tho Hast- ings on the one side, and the Heads of the Wil- son on the other-in the direction of Mount Kippara-and thon there was a glimpse of a cane-field on the nearest of tliree or four farms, each of which grew canes : But we had to leave the Wilson here and enter the Maria- that joius it by three arms or '" legs," as they arc usually called, flowing into it at as many different points but one of which arms is an off shoot of another. We toole the Highest of the two main ones, and quickly found ourstUeo amid the mo-t beautiful scone of tho day. This awn is about a milo .md & half in length, winding hither and thither, md some thirty yards in width ; tim mangrove, as before, with the Jem, the fern tree, an di tho swamp oak, sentinels of either t hoi c , clump.) of lilies springing from their feet, and waiting for_ the breath of spring that they might burst unto flower ; the bangalow palm spreading its "plume through many a thicket; the lordly gum towjung over all; and delicate vines trailing irom.itre top to water's edge. Spirit of beauty ' awak> tbe sons of this Southern land- five h mi their eyes the films that obscure them, and fire their hearts with a true sense of the sylvan gluuo that nature and God have lavished upon it. Our progress along this arm, as well as on th Maria itself, aud on Boat-harbour Creek, wa* occasionally checked by tho trunk or limb of tome gi eat tree, that had fallen into or overhung the stream, and stretched almost across it, or was met by a similar obstacle extending fioni the opposite bank. Now the boat glided under and then it grated over these ; butdunng tlood-tîmes passengers have to "get out" at places, and climb across these trunks or limb.?, while their boats, thus lightened, are shoved beneath. Thors have been here some narrow escapes from duck- ing ; and certain logs are named accordingly. Something of this was seen .as I descended these streams in tho January preceding, when most of the adjoining country was covered with water. But neither boat nor crew occasioned any alarm. » It is oommottly called " Cairncross." io a cou; '' ^< broods of young kingfishers, whoso nests wciô on tho boughs of projecting trees under which wo then passed, and wlio clamoured with outstretched mouths for tho food that their mothers were bringing them. The "selection" of Dick's Mount--with its cottflge prettily perched on a hill- top-almost the only hill in those parts-lay to our right as we now ascended ; and near to it but on the opposite side, the middle arm of the Maria detached itself from the first-on which we were and sought the Wilson by a course of its own. Soon afterwards we crossed the mouth of the third and principal arm- also hastening to the Wilson,and then we were in the Maria itself, the trunk from which the arms spread. It is about 6O yards in width, very similar to the Wilson in character, but more winding : and there are long strips of whitish sedge and reeds lining its banks, a marked con- trast to tho dark foliage behind. It was here abouts we first observed the " grass tree," or " black fellow in blanket," in considerable numbers; and the "staghorn'' fern, rich, green, and succulent, was clinging to hundreds of grey trees, but living only on the pure air, rains and dew of heaven. As we ascended the river the banks to the left became more " open," and a mountain range beyond rose into view. _ Piper's Creek was the next object of note. At its junction with the Maria it is about 30 yards wide, and very beautiful. I believe it spreads into a broad sheet, about half a mile up ; it then contracts again, narrowing as it goes ; and (it is said) finds its way eventually to the Macleay; by some tiny and un- navigable burn, but which, if properly enlarged, might be the means of uniting the Macleay with the Wilson, and the Hastings-Kempsey with Port Macquarie. Beyond the entrance to this creek the Maria contracts in like manner, but still remains a considerable river, even above the point at which it is joined by Boat-Harbour Creek; and its source is four or five miles from that point. Boat Harbour, for which we were bound, is at the head of the creek of same name, though twelve miles from its junction with the Maria ; and as the boatman had now rowed twenty eight miles, through this chain of waters, we went ashore for a while (before entering on the 'creel;), lighted a fire, and had a pot of tea in bushmau's fasliion ; the " billy," 01 quart-can, being suspended from a forked stick over tho flame that boiled the water which it conbvinod -then, about thrco spoonfuls of tea 'for each man, with a handful of bugar, wore thrown into the seething liquid-which waa stirred' with a twig-well shaken-and served in tins, as tho., "real thing." Certainly it was hot enough, strong enough, and bweet enough. I do not know that 1 can say much more in ita favour. ' The wild or snub tnrkev of tho coast district ' frequents the left bank of the Maria hi great numbers ; but a good dog is required to find them, as they lie very close in the thickets which thoy Jiaunt. It is^ very di lièrent bird from the wild turkey or bustard of the plains-not hiilf as .big,or neaiby to handsome ; being about the size -< of a guinea hen; ami its pluina'îo is broAvu and rongb, rather than speckled, smooth, and glossy. Entering Boat-harbour Creek, we, placed the Maria on our right. This creek is well stacked , with "snags " for the first two miles, and neither so wide nor so pretty as the first arm of; the Maria; for the vines, brush, and timber are less varied and dense. But we held our course over reach and bend, bend and reach, for eight or nine miles, till we came to "Captain Gordon's Hill" -an outpost from which, in the days of the "Government^ men," a sharp look out was kept, and every passing boat overhauled by; that galant officer-whose quarters are now in ruin, and him- self resting from his labours in the quiet cemetery by Blackman's Point. 1 Before this hill Was gained, wc passed the spots vat wbjch; 'in the preceding January, 1 hud left, '»nd regained tho creek, after sailing over a couple of Free selections, that had then seven fet't of water upon them, but " were very valuable hold- ings in dry weather"-tho only danger bein¡í that "a ilood might come at any time, and drown 'o\rry b< a «a- upon then)." Wo also passed a,well Morn track, leading irom thu hill to tim ravek, on which three kangaroos have been often senn, during the last two years, hopping along in siu.;le file, as they come to drink, in early morn or du ky tve. And in the summer time, fresh water lor \- toises may be seen still more frequently, sunning tbomsclves on dow branches that overhung tho eStrcaih. , , ? ? . ; Three and a half miles from Gordon's Hill is Boat Harbour-a tiny indent, almost at the head of the creek, the resort of passengers by day, and a favourite beat of native dogs by night. r iCenipsoy is nine miles distant ; it te reached by a'rqugl) bush road, which runs through an in- different, ridgy country ; and the township itself ,is on the Macleay-a-large though detached river, *nd' having ¡\ moro numerous population, moro i productivo farms and a greater growth of sugar, on its banks, than the Hastings, the Wilson,or «tho Maria, but less beautiful and Icfs interjsting in other respects. . .> < Such is a brief sketch of some of our Eastern I livers-better lo us than the' "riverU of Damascus"-and whose shou-s are waving vjith a product more rich, and "golden grniUodj'''than'idl I the sands of fat,tullis. ' J _ ', A. MT. , * Tbo cnliro disiar.cis ure:-From Port Macquarie.to ' Blackmail's Point, G unlis ; tticnu> to thç1lrnt;prm ^f'tho M » rift, 12 ail ii op; tbt-nca to lWl-lmruour Creek, _%Q lalUe;" and theEcu to Bout Harbour, 12 milos. 40 ia all. j 