'PEASANT POETS.' The Sev. J. Davidson delivered a lecture on ' Peasant Poets,' in White's Room, on Thurs day evening, March 23, in connection with the Young Men's Societies' Union. There was a fair attendance, and the Hon. 'Wm. Milne (Chief Secretary) presided. The Chaxbman, in opening the proceedings, referred in terms of praise to the objects of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, and, as one interested in the welfare of South Australia, said he was glad to know that many of their young men were interested in these been admitted free of charge to the lectures previously given under the auspices of the Union, but the expenses had made such con siderable inroads upon the funds, that it had been decided to charge 6d. admission, which whs a btun bo small that he hardly thought any would stay away in consequence of it. He then introduced The Rev. Mr. Davidson', who delivered an excellent lecture. It was his object, he stated, to demonstrate that lofty intellect, broad sym pathy, and pure expression were not limited to those who enjoyed all the advantages of a liberal education ; that those to whom God had given the soul of the seer were not restrained t-y mere circumstances or accident, but some how found a way to let the world know of what stuff they were made. He was doubtful about ' mute inglorious Miltons' and ' village Hampdens. ' There might be some ; but, for the most part, those who had the true faculty found or made the occasion for its expression. As he understood it, a poet was one who, whether he be a peasant or no, had the faculty of apprehending truth, and giving clear expression to it from his own. paint of -view. By truth, in this connection, he understood whatever was capable of faithful re-presentation, in respect of existence, and relations of likeness or difference. Such poets were sometimes men of the highest cultiva tion ; but sometimes they appeared in the guise of those who had been necessarily independent of all external culture, and who had been born poets and educated by nature and grace, and who had found the impulse to be irrepressible, and who literally could not help snaking the world richer by their lives. It was with these men he hai to do — not those who had cultivated the art and made it so perfect that you could scarcely discern its artfulness ; but those who, blessed with the eye of the seer and the tongue of fire, had been somehow compelled to tell the world how things appeared to them, and what they thought of truth, and beauty, and love. They were the unsophisticated teachers of the generations. They called no man master, and while they were content to borrow suggestions about rhyme or rhythm, they -were careful always to describe everything as it also gave expression to what was within them, but not with the same ingenuousness. They gathered and compared the impressions of many minds, and with an accumulated experience they gave expression by their -art to their educated sentiment. The peasant poets of their own land had won laurels in many fields. Love, war, the chase, fairy land, fatherland, the field, and the fireside had all contributed to the inspiration of their poets. Some they knew, but some were name less. All over England and Scotland there floated a ballad literature unwritten until a comparatively short period age — it was also comparatively unknown ; and yet this ballad literature, in all probability composed by peasants, contained some of the most terse, robust, and vigorous verses they possessed. Amongst those properly belonging to the peasantry who had written and published their own works, perhaps the most notice* able were Bloomfield, Tannahill, Burns, MotberweU, Allan Cunningham, William Laidlaw, Alex. Wilson, John Clare, and Jas. Hogg. Th^ rev. gentleman succinctly sketched the lives of most of these, omitting Burns, by the way, for which he apologised by stating that he should he treated alone, although, he admitted that speaking of peasant poets without reference to him was like playing ' Hamlet ' without the ghost. He ably indi cated the peculiar excellencies and character* is tics of the writings of the poets made the sub ject of remark. The lecture was illustrated by numerous admirable selections, which, with tha Rev. Mr. Davidson's own observations, were listened to with close attention. Mr. J. Stoekie proposed a vote of thanks to the rev. gentleman. He expi essed regret that the' attendance was not larger, and suggested that in future every effort should be used to secure the presence of a greater number at the lectures. The Rev. J. Jefferts seconded the proposi tion, which was carried by acclamation. A similar compliment to the Chairman brought the proceedings to a termination. The lands offered for sale on Thursday were only offered pro forma to enable scrub country to pass the hammer, in order that they might be offered on lease, as provided for in the Act. The following telegram was received on Friday morning, M-rch 24, by the Secretary of the Mattawarrangala, from Mr. Eoberts, Acting* Superintendent of the mine : — ' Since my last report of the 20th we have cut a lode of good ore one foot large, and widening out aa it goes down, with every appearance of lasting. It will require a call, as we ? shall require sieves, screens, jigging, boxes, sorting-benches, and every requirement for dressing. We also cut fresh ore yesterday.' 