LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE OFTHE WESLEYAN CHURCH HAY. Yesterday, 19th instant, at 4 p.m. a respectable assemblage of persons, old and young, gathered to witness and assist injthe ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the New Wesleyan Church. The Rev. Charles Jones, Minister of Deniliquin Circuit, conducted the services of singing and prayer, then called upon Mr. Percy Milne to read a copy of the scroll and contents deposited in a bottle under the stone—the following are the contents:—" This scroll was deposited beneath the foundation stone of the Wesleyan Methodist Church at Hay, when laid by _J. E. Pearce, Esq.. on the 19th day of December, 1871, in the 34th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Earl of Belmore being Governor General of the Colony of New South Wales. J. E. Pearce, Esq., Police Magistrate in !Hay; the Rev. John Watsford, President of the Australian Wesleyan Methodist Conference; the Rev. William Kelynack, Chairman of the Goulburn District; Rev. Charles Jones Minister of the Deniliquin Circuit. With this scroll is deposited a copy of the Hoy Standard, Christian Advocate, Wtsleyan Record, and Pastoral Times. The dimensions of the building are 24 by 40 in the clear." J. E. Pearce, Esq., P. M., then took the trowel in hand, inserted the bottle in the cavity prepared to receive it, spread the mortar, placed the stone levelled it, gave three taps, and declared the stone well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. He said this was an honourable work to all concerned, but it was for the Glory of God, not of men. Such works were of common occurence now, and showed that the kingdom of Christ is extending in the world. The stones, however, which were most wanted, were spiritual stones. They had two wants in Hay, viz : a suitable bnilding, and a minister to care for souls. The first of thesfe was now being supplied, and they wonld invite their neighbours to " come along with them and they would do them good, for the Lord hath spoken good conoerning Israel." They were called to this work as surely as Israel was led by a cloudy- pillar through the wilderness. No [doubt there would be Sanhallatt and Tobiasses who would delay them in the work, but he hoped they would be assisted by subscriptions &c.; until the topstoue was brought forth with sliouttnes of—Grace, grace unto if The Rev. Chas Jones concluded the bv asking a blessing on the work. servile 