RETURN OF THE : EMPEROR OF GERMANY TO BE1 LIN. A correspondent of the Daily Telegraph writing from Berlin on the 17th March, thus describes the return of the Emperor: -"At half-past five o'clock this afternoon his Majesty William I., the victorious, Emperor of the German Reich, and K]ing of Prussia, made his entry into his ances tral capital under circumstancds of f.ar less pomp and circumstance than those attending his visit to Napoleon at Paris in that Exhibition year-the name of which is written in water-16S7. Then, all the splendour and all the pageantry at the command of the most powerful, lux urious, and hospitable Empire on the Continent were lavished on the reception of a monarch whose government a few weeks before had been within an ace of coming to blows on the Luxembourg question with France. Napoleon III. seemed desirous of laving that great ugly ghost in a red sea of gold. He surfeited his 'Royal Brother " with attentions, had been deemed good -enough for the Padishah, but the King of Prussia was lodged in a wing of the Tuileries itself. Well do I remember the sunny afternoon on which the Imperial and Royal corl'ge swept through the glorious length of the Rue di Rivoli-the State carriages, with their matchless horses, blazing with gilt and-burnished trappings-and glittering casques and corslets of the Cent Gardes, the stars and ribands and crosses of the Staff, the wondrous show made by the French Imperial Grenadiers, as: they turned - out at the main guard at the Louvre, their eagle in the centro, to pro sent arms to-the illustrious guest. And very distinctly do I remember, too, the glacial silence of the enormous multitude as the dazzling cavalcade streamed along. A few moueehctrds, stationed at certaij intervals, made bold to cry ' Vive Einr per'eazr!' and even ' Vive le Rol de .Pusse!' and one of them got knocked down by a man in a blouse for his pains. For the rest, the Parisian populace stared at the show as in a theatre they would have gazed upon a-splendid spectacle with ac tors who were distasteful to them. They beheld buttihey did not applaud. That night, in the ecafdes they sneered at and disparaged what they had seen, or spite fully circulated the bitter jest attributod to Count Bismark, when Napoleon in quired whether the King of Prussi;i did not find Paris much altered since his last visit. Assuredly; but his Majesty always enteas by the Porte St. Denis . It was through that gate, with all Louis XIV.'s vain trophics overihead, that Prince Wil iamn of Prussia had ridden, a mere' lad in the wake of the Allied Armies, in 1815. Fifty-seven years have elapsed, and after, wisely abstaining from entering in triumph the capital which his soldiers would have trampled under their feet, the boy Prince of Hohenzollern-now a bronzed veteran of seventy-four---now a mightier conqueror than the winners of Leipsic and Waterloo-now an Emperor of Germany-comes home to Berlin in the quietest and simplest manner conceiv able. I have seen the high Sheriff of an English country make a grander show when, with his javelin men, he has gone forth to welcome the Judges at assize time. THE NEW GOVERNOR OF QUIEENSLAND. -"Anglo- Aurtralian," in the Europeanc Mail of March 24, says:-" I am afraid that the dinner to be given at Willis's Rooms, on April 19, to the Marquis of Normanby, Governor of Queensland--or; as the Stanclcerd dubs. him, 'the new Go vornor of Brisbane'-will not be over numerously attended. The price of tickets is fixed at two guineas ; but it is not the figure which' is too high, but the want of special interest, from whatever cause, felt in the appointment. The Mar quis is not a young man, and his reputa tion as a politician and statesman is con fined principally to his own friends, and even they do not claim for him any bril liancy or commanding ability. I refrain however, fi'om any dissertation on his qualifications for the post of a colonial governor, as the colonists themselves are not slow to find out the strong or weak points of their ruleri's," REFUSING TO BE SWORN.-The Police Bench of Hobart Towi, consisting of iMessrs Tarleton and WV. G. Elliston, on the 3rd instant, comnmitted a man to the House of Correction for not exceeding fourteen dclays, for refusing to be sworn as a witness. 'He did not decline to tell thle truth (says the il[ercwu'y), but said he could'do it withcut taking the ozinq, which he strongly objected to, and claimed ex emption, as a member of the Society of Friends. There was no evidence .that he was a member, and there was no evidence that he was not, except that one "of- the detectives said (not upon oath) that six years ago the man gave evidence in that court in a case of larceny, and was put upon his oath. The man positively denied this, but the Bench believing it, could not see that he had "a lawful excuse " in the words of the Act and they passed the above-named sentence. STRONG OBJECTION TO IEING SwoRN. -It is reported from Dubbo that during the hearing of a case by the Bench, a boy named Louis Mozart, was called into the box to give evidence. The little fellow commenced blubbering at once, and kept his hands firmly in his trousers pockets. The Bench assured him with muchsuavity that lie had the protection of the Court; after sundry replies to questions, the ]Ma gistrates came to the conclwsion that as he understood the iat.ure of .an.oath, his evidence would be received. " Give him the book, sergeant, and swear him." Louis, with increased blubbering; refused to take the Bible. " Why ?" asked the :Bench. " Mother told me not to touchlit, and I won't." Bench : "It won't hurt you if you speak the truth." "I know that ; but if I touched it 'mother would murder me !" . A WJTIT MAN KIrLLED Y r BLACKS. It is stated by one of our correspondents that the body of a man was found near Syllsbury's, on the AIl arra, and he was supposed to have been killed by black fellows. We have since obtained a few particulars. It appears the unfortunhte maLn '(whose name is unknown) was play ing cards for tobacco with four blackfel lows engaged at some of the Marra sta tions.' He was unfortunate enough to win all the aboriginals' tobacco, and after doing so he, as we are informnied, started on his tramp. The blacks, however, fol lowed him, and killed hinm, throwing his body into the water. Four. aboriginals, supposed to have been implicated in this outrage, have been arrested and lodged in the Gongolgan lock-up.-.Dubbo Dis 'iatch. STRANGE OccURRENCE.-Last Thurs day,. about 'five o'clock in the afternoon, while milking was being proceeded with in M?r Edward Gibson's stockyard, at Benars, near Avondalo, one of, the cows was killed by lightning in a somewhat remarkable manner. There were about eighty cows in the.yard'at the time,-and strange to say, none of them were injured exceplting the one, which was a very valuable animal. A thunderstorm passed over Avondale 'at the. time mentioned; and a very vivid flash of lightning struck one of the cows killing her on the spot. Although none of the other cows were injured it is quite evident they were all effected by- the lightnijg as every beast in the yard fell to th6 ground, with the one that. was killed. There were no marks visible on the cow that was struck with the exception' of the whole of one side being burnt as if severely scorched by fire. The electric shock was. so great at the time that. the milking shed was .felt to shako considerably, by.the force of it. It seems almost a miracle that oeery being -and beast in the yard were not killed.-Illawarctra Alfe?'cwty. WomEN'S VOICES.-According'. to a paragraph "going th}e 'mounds'- " some thing new" has. been. discovered : Mr Glaisher, the aeronaut, noticed :that; the voice of a woman 'penetrates two miles into the air, while 'thlit of a man- reaches only one mile... As, according to the old proverb, "a.miss is as good as a: mile." it it must b6 married. women, experienced in domestic controversy, who cair thus reach:two miles. But surely we need no savcant from' a balloon to teach : us this old fact. ' Scott, in his " Fair Maid of Perth,? notices the saine thing as regards voicesheard on the mountains ; and hu n dreds of people have .remarked how the fine notes of a violin :penetrate arther than the deeper, tonesof a bassoon.: Per haps, however, it would tbe ;as well ,to conceal the fact. If women : once learn that they are not only: equal to us in' one of the first requisites of public speak ing, but actually surpass us; we ,shaill be pushed firom tlhe hustings,:the pulpit, Par-' liament, and publicmeetings, and men will be obliged to pnursuio the noiseless tenor of their way in some 'quiet callings suited to people not gifted with voices penetrat ing two miles.--londom Teleg?raphi ' . SLIVELY STATE OF AFFAIRS AT LEVUKA. -?A Mi Johii Miller, residentof Fiji, gives the followingpar'ticulaisofv whathappened to hlin anid othldis on the 17th March last, wv?heni. a slight difficulty occurred:-" I was about poceeding withl Mr J. Camp bell to irispect a boat thliat wanted repair ing, wheln Mr Kiernann called me outside and liold me I was indebted to hin 'in the um: of 2 Ils Gd. : I offered topay: hir, but lie refulsed to take l the mioney;, stating that it wais. his partner I was indebted to... I thenrspoko to him, concerning the money won by the Flying Fox, whmich I sailed at the regatta, being entitled td half the proceedings accordiur to agiecement, but which I never received. This very mniuch annoyed him. Ie then threatened me, and stated he had a revolver on his person. We' then sepai'ated, not having come to any amicable settlement. ' I after wards was going on bdard:when I saw at a distance Mr Kiernann, also proceeding to the cutter. Immediately afteri getting oll board, Mr Kieriann came alongside and- threatened to shootmeroif I did not quit the cutter. Not thisiking he would exceute his threat, considering our prie vious frendship, ,as he and his pai'tner ihavo bl u v welcomno guests at our lhouso since their arrival,I did not comply with his request ; whon to my great surprise ho fired, the shot taling cffect in my jaw. I theo fell overboard, -and I liave been,. given to understand that he tlhen attemp ted to shoot one o0 the :half-castes that took me alongside, who clasped me round the waist anudjumped overboard with him, In thoe kirmish Dr Clark fell. overbodard, and was pulled on board, again- bythe other half-caste. I was taken ashoro by the boat of the Emu; Mr Kieriiani swam ashore, followed by the lialf-caste he.at tempted toslhoot, who was naturally ex asperateol at the .cowardly, attempt Ton his life, and gave him (Kiorn.aun)a thrash ing on landing. Afterwards Kierniann was taken into my house and kindly at tended to by my people." -LONGEVITY IN FA3MILIES.-As a speci men of longevity in families (says the' Hobart Towun iJ Mercury), Mr Hodgson,: of Upper " Macquairic-street, informs us'.that the united ages of himself and two sis-. ters, the latter residing in the north?of England; is 261 years: his sisters being respectively 93 and 88; -and himself 80, or an average of 87 years. The eldest sister goes about her household work.ad she has been. used to do, and.the otlirbliniig.a , Voluminous correspondent to Mr Hodgson by each mail.. The father of these parties died at age of 92, aind'the mother at the still greater age of 98. [There is at pre sent resident in Sydney. a person aged: 72, the youngest of a family of. five, 'and the only son, the united ages of whom.' -reach 387 years-all ii good health, and in fall possession of their mental ficul ties.] ANcaon GoATs.-We heai.ti lat the town goats are tluiving well. Mr Peltier, of Mulawa, when in Deniliquin a few days ago, said that he puclhasedt froni the Accliiiiatization Society, and 'has bired, pure Angoras for several years, and also from .common ewe goats. He asserts that the Angora gives inore and richer milk, is more -hardy and better able to stand the droughts, and is not easily injured by. young grass as' the common goat. 'i-Mr Peltier calls the Aingora the poor man's: .fieicnd- the hlaii from the produce of his common mannies is now scarcely disting- - uishable from that of the.pure bred ani mnals. "The hairs i. clipped, once 'a year. ThIi two Augoras iwhich came from the Acclimatization Society belong "to the> townspeople. Mr Robertson (the Mayor) .has sold.his buck to Mr Moss, arid, 'pur .poses having two more nannies from: thoe Society, so that soon we may oxpect'to to see a. difierence for the better in' the large flock of goats depasturing on our common.-Pastoral Times. NARRow ESCAPE FROM PiEMATURE IN TERIcEET.-A' circumstance .showing. the danger of hasty interment occurred at Sal ford Cemetery, Eeeles New-road. A man died at Ashton-under-Lyne, and his child, an infant, said to be about six weeks old, was seized with a -fit of convulsions, and ap parently expired. A medical certificate of death was obtained, and the body of the child having been placed in the same coffin with that of its father, was brought to the Salford Cemetry for interment in the Roman Catholic p5rtion of the ground. On reach , ing the cemetery, to the astonishment of all a- faint cry was heard to proceed from the coffin, which was opened, and the child found. to be alive. A messenger was sent to the house of the.lRev. Mr Walker, at the eeme-. tery, gate, for brandy; but Mrs Walker,o fearing that spirits would choke the child, caused it to be brought to the house. She then applied restoratory measures, and the child recovered. It was afterwards taken to Salford` Dispensary, and, we regret to add, died .-11fanchester Examiner. SNAKE MISTAKEN FOR SAUSAGEs.--On Satutrday night (says the Newcastle Chroni. cle) a black snake- measuring over four feet in length,-vi ited the residence of Mr Shep herd, who resides but a short distance from the Great Northern Railway goods shed. Mr Shepherd's 'daughter had been to town and purchased some meat, and on her rpturn placed the basket containing it on the table. Mrs Shepherd on going into the room. placed her hand on what she thought to be some 'sausages, and inquired of her daughter 'if she had brought any home. Upon being told 'no,' Mrs Shepherd obtained a light, when the 'snake was found coiled round the basket. Mr Shepherd was called in, and quickly dispatched the reptile. SEVERE SURGExY.B-Last Saturday says the Maitland Mercury, of the 13th, another operation was performed at the Maitland Hospital upon the arm of the girl Lizzie Harding, who has already undergone six or seven surgical operations for the removal of parts of that member,; which has been very strangely diseased, and which has refused to heal after every removal of a portion. The last operation previous to the present was below the elbow, and took place some two months ago; the flesh wouild.not heal, and - now a portion of the'arm, up to some two . inches above the elbow has been taken off. This liatient is the 'girl in..p whose hand pins were fovnd embedded, as our readers will re r- meber. 