finte atiir lWrJi£0. SPECULATIST. It was Clara Morton's nineteenth birthday, and eveiy preparation was being made to celebrate it in a manner befitting the daughter of a man of i eptued wealth. It was summer, and Mr. Morton's country house was filled with guests ready to start upon a proposed picnic; the horses were saddled for the younger portion of the party, and carriages were ready for those who preferred that mode of reaching their destination. Many voices and cheerful laughter rang upon the air, and every one expected heartily to enjoy the day. They started full of Jife and spirit; Clara rode her own pet horse, while on oue side she was attended by her cousin Frederick, and her betrothed, Horace Stanley, on the other. They had not pone Jar, when Mr. Morton called Frederick to his side, and the lovers were left together. It was then that with loving eloquence Horace entreated Clara to name an early day for their nuptials. She listened to his protestations, while her heart beat hi°h with pleasure, and her low sweet voice replied in words which called forth his rapturous thanks. Clara was not beautiful, many would have pronounced her plain, but her clear complexion and abundance of soft fair hair, with a tall stately figure, and a inost bewitching smile, contradicted that assertion. She was an only child, and had lost her mother when very young, but her father had placed her with aunt Edith, Frederick's mother; and there were noble thoughts and pure loves which Clara gratefully acknowledged as owing to her aunt's kind and judicious tuition. When she was of a suitable age, masters were procured to teach her all the fashionable accomplishments, while Fredcrick himself shared her studies, and imparted some of his graverknowledge to his favourite cousiu. Mrs Melton, tier aunt, was poor, and Frederick owed his education to Mr. Morton's but his friends were refined in manner, and had moved, during Mr.SIelton's life, in the higher circles, and Mr. Morton knew that his darling would learn nothing but £ood in her rural retirement. When she reached the age of seventeen Mr. Morton took a house in town, and brought Clara home. It was a hard task to part from her aunt, Frederick, and all the friends and neighbours she had loved so well, and even the pretty cottage seemed decked with new charms to tempt her to stay. But once at home, a father's Jove repaid the sacrifice; Clara was his idol, and she found her former strong love for him increased a thousandfold by the consciousness that they roust be all in all to each other. Then came another change in the voung girls life-she loAed! Horace Stanley was apparently ? ' ler heart could desire. Young, nandsome, talented, wealthy, and aevoted to his betrothed. Clara had • "eart formed for strong, constant ove, and her trust was perfect. She "stened to his passionate protestations returned his affection with all the tovour of her earnest nature. So opens* 5 St ° 9d at the ^ e o«r story Frederick rode beside his uncle ; LfT, neither spoke a word ; Mr. Morton said,« Frederick 2 you take Clara to her aunt for a «eet or two ?" he replied ; "you hu'siL ni " St g0 to town for a d M ays on 5 r : M <™°D. "and I 111 LC i oleave ^r here alone." Mr «J h e r e vvas a long silence; Morton seemed troubled, and at length with a hasty nod he dismissed Frederick and rode on alone. t There was to be a fancy ball to finish the pleasant day ; and when evening came, the rooms were brilliantly lighted and filled with gay company. Here, a Turk was flirting most desperately with a nun, and again a brigand was respectfully begging a flower from a peasant giirl. Here was Cardinal Wolsey dancing with Mary Queen of Scots, and Romeo and Juliet promenading before the world without any molestation. Now a couple entered who attracted general remark ; they represented Night and Morning. Clara wore a black crape dress, spangled with tiny gold stars, while her long black veil, drawn frbm her face, was looped up with one diamond star, which flashed and sparkled most dazzlingly in the bright light. Effie Chambers, her companion, was"-a beautiful blonde, rather diminutive, but iso delicately formed, that she looked like some visitant from fairy-land. Her exquisite features were classically moulded, her eyes large and of dark blue, and her face shaded by a profusion of yellow curls ; her dress was white crape over rose-coloured satin, and her veil was looped up with fine starry jasmine flowers. Horace Stanley, when he advanced to meet them, could hardly repress his admiration when he saw her wondrous beauty, now heightened by the most becoming of dresses. " Horace will lead you out," said Clara to her companion; "I have promised Frederick this dance. And whore is he ? not here ! Truly, my cousin is a most negligent squire. Don't- wait, I can sit here until he conies; we shall make a gloomy couple—Hamlet and Night. Frederick looks as handsome as a picture, as the Prince of Denmark." Horace and Effie moved off, and Clara sat down beside an old lady, and tried to entertain her by explaining the why and wherefore of all the vai lous dresses. She saw her cousin come in hastily, look eagerly round until he saw her, and then come with huiried steps to where she sat. With a mUchicvous desire to punish him for his tardiness, she pretended to lie very much engrossed in conversation, and not to see him until he stood before her. " So you have deigned to come at last, my lord Hamlet," she said, laughingly; " remove your hat, Sir Tardy, you are in the presence of a lady." " Clara," said her cousin in a low voice, " take my arm and come into the conservatory." ''You speak like the ghost in a melo-drama," said Clara, as she! complied with his demand. " Are you so afraid of forgetting that you are the melancholy prince, that you cannot drop your character even for a moment ?" They had reached the conservatory, and Frederick removed his hat, and stood an instant silent before his cousin. Then she observed that he was deathly pale, and his features worked convulsively, as if he was struggling for self-command. " You are unwell, Frederick," she said kindly, though a cold shiver of dread ran through her frame. " No, Clara," he; replied, "I am not unwell, but I have very painful news for you. Nerve yourself to bear a dreadful shock." " My father ?" slie exclaimed.— " Is ruined, Clara," replied Frederick. " Thank God!" burst from the young girl's white lips, " that is the ,worstA fe&red; fiefwaS dead.- PW here is he?". . • u He is not here now," said Frederick ; "he—he went away." " Went away from me ! You have not told me all, Frederick, He is ill." No, Clara, he—good Heaven, how shall I tell her?" "Oh! what have you to tell, Frederick she. exclaimed. " Frederick, what is it ?" "What is this I hear?*' cried Horace Stanley, bursting into the room at that instant. " Mr. Morton arrested for forgery ! Where is Clara?" It was too late now to apologise; Clara had fallen likea corpse, without a cry or groan. The gay party dispersed with lowwhispers, some sad, and some sympathising: some sneering remarks were heard in a louder tone. The rooms were darkened, and the company all gone except Frederick and JEfiie Chambers, who was on a visitof some weeks at Mr. Morton's country seat. " Poor Clara," murmured Effie, as she applied all the restoratives she could think of, under the direction of Susan, the old nurse. " Night has come indeed ! Mr. Melton, if you will carry lier to her room, we had better remote this dress ; it will make her feel worse if she sees it when she recovers." Appreciating the delicacy of this suggestion, Frederick complied with the request, and then started for a physician ; for Clara's remaining so long unconscious terrified them. When the poor girl opened her eyes again she was lying in her own room, and Effie standing near her, looking with loving, earnest eyes into her lace. The whole dreadful reality flashed upon her, and she covered her eyes for a moment, pressing her throbbing temples hard, and tried to think. " I remember," she said, in a low, heart-broken tone. " Where is Frederick 1 I must go to my lather." " Not now, Clara," said Effie; "you cannot go to- night—lie still now ; the first thing in the morning, but not to night." " Frederick !" said the poor girl again, " pray let me see Frederick." " He is not here now," replied Effie. " Frederick desert me too!" exclaimed Clara. " No, no. Clara," replied Effie, "nobody will desert you ; Frederick is gone lor a doctor. Am I not here, Clara T' she added in a reproachful tone, while the tears coursed down her cheeks. " Forgive me, Effie," said Clara, " you are a true friend, indeed." The night passed slowly. Frederick returned late, having been unable to find a physician, and the three sat together until the day broke. Then Clara and Frederick started for town, and Effie returned home with them. * * * In a small room in the prison to which he had been remanded sat Mr. Morton, while Clara knelt at his feet. " It was lor your sake," said Mr. Morton, in a low tone, putting back the bright hair from her noble lorehead and looking lovingly into her sweet face; " for all my fortune was slipping from me. My speculations, which had been very great, all failed, and this was a desperate one; but 1 felt that it would succeed, and I committed a crime, hoping to pay all back. The crash came, and my forgery was discovered. There is no hope!" and bowing his head on his daughter's shoulder, he was silent. " Say not so, father," said Clara ; " we^ have powerful friends, and you will be able to extricate yourself from this difficulty. If the money bo refunded,you arc free, are you not?" "No, no, Clara," he replied/ c?fno moneys can free me from this disgrace." ^ Father, I wrote to Horace to come, this morning," said Clara. "He will suggest something; and Frederick is so true, so active, father! Surely, surely there is hope !" "None, none," groaued the wretched man. At that moment an officer handed in a note directed to Miss Clara Morton." She knew the handwriting, and sprang eagerly forward to receive , it. c Horace!" she exclaimed. " Father, there will be something here," and hastily breaking the seal, she went under the grated window to read it. What made her turn deadly pale, and clutch the paper so convulsively, while with difficulty she repressed a cry of anguish ? The note ran as follows:— " Mr. Stanley's compliments to Miss Morton. He regrets that circumstances prevent him complyiug with Miss Morton's request to meet her this morning. Mr. Stanley will return Miss Morton's letters and gifts if desired. He regrets extremely the unfortunate termination of their engagements. Mr. Stanley desires his respectful compliments to Mr. Morton." Insulting! Clara, after the first pang, felt her blood boil with indignation at the cool insult expressed in the note. Still her first thought was for her father. She stood still a few moments to regain her composure, and then returned to his side, hiding the note iu her bosom. " Horace cannot come this morning," she said as calmly as she could, and then turned to arrange something about her dress, that her father might not see her face. But he did not raise his head. All day long she sat with him, striving to comfort and cheer him, forgetting her own anguish while contemplating his despair. When she left him at night he raised his head and said, Kneel down, my child ; I am your father. God grant my blessings do uot prove a curse !" With a feeling of awe Clara received his fervent blessing, and then left him lor the night—she never saw him again. The next day, when •Frederick came to Mrs. Chambers's (they had proved true friends indeed, and Clara was living with them), he bore the news of his uucle's death; he did not tell Clara that her father had taken his own life, but made apoplexy the cause. The shock was too much for her wounded heart, and before evening her life was despaired of —she was iu u raging brain lever. Aunt Edith Melton came to town to take care of her, and after a long illness, Clara, the wreck of her former self, recovered. " And now, darling," said Aunt Edith, " you are well enough to follow me soon to my home ; I shall go to-morrow to open the house and prepare fur you. and you must follow immediately." "Yes, the day after," replied Clara. '•Oh, Aunt Edith, surely ifpeace can come to this poor heart, it will be in my own loved home." " It will come, Clara, I know it will," taid her aunt. " God has tried you sorely, my poor child, but his blessing will rest on you still. Be true to yourself, and peace will come again." Clara and Frederick had left the train and were driving towards Mrs. Melton's cottage ; Clara was sobbing bitterly, while Frederick whispered words of hope and comfort. Frederick had long loved his cousiu, bat while she was rich and he poor, his pride had kept him silent; now she was in deep trouble, and his love was strengthened' by the contemplation of her great sorrow. Her father's crime was, in his eyes, a form of insanity, and he could not connect Clara with it. He knew of Mr. Stanley's heartless conduct, and it had aroused his deep indignation ; but regard for Clara kept In in silent on that subject; uow she was free. His resolution was taken. In a low tone he began to tell his love, and the eloquence of passion aided him. She felt as she listened that it was tio new feeling, tliat it had grown with him from the time they were children together. Her own heart responded to the high, pure tone of his, and beat quickly with hope ; then sank. Could she briug shame upon bis home? They wore at home, and Frederick detained her in the porch pleading for an answer. She gave it. She had loved him from a child, loved him as a brother. Then came a more vehement love sweeping through her heart; raising it high with pride and joy, and leaving it seared and withered. Then her bitter shame—she could not share that with him. Frederick pleaded hard, and then throwing his arm around her, led her to his mother. "Mother," said he, "speak for nic ; Clara fears we shall be ashamed oi her. Mother, you will love her as your daughter ?" Mrs. Melton took Clara's hand in hers, and looking lovingly into her averted face said, " My darling, you have been ever dear to me. When you first came here, uiy only sister's j child, I loved you as my own. Time j has strengthened, not weakened this love. Give me the right (o bestow a J mother's affection on you.' 5 j Clara stood irresolute. Her heart I pleaded to grant their prayers ; thou the dreadful consciousness that she was a former's daughter came to sting her She looked up—there were only loving faces near her, waiting anxiously for her decision With a low cry of " Mother,'' she sank sobbing into Mrs. Melton's amis. Frederick and Clara waited a year, and then were married. Clara grew strong again with the loving care lavished upon her ? and though the deep sorrow was still in her heart, she had learned to look upon it as her discipliueandto feel that it wasnceded or God would not have permitted it. " I might have grown proud had everything been prosperous,'' she said. " God grant me an humble, loving spirit." V. DEF. 