.OPEN COLUMN. . THE PONT LAJTE. (To IhcJSditor of. the G.ippslandMeraury.) Sifi.—Perhaps of the many.ills to which an unhappy-Oippslander living .south of the Borough of Sale is beir, none can be adduced which act more prejudicially to his interests— moral, social, and political—than the Puntlane. In someforni or other this most yDe J of roads has, Uke a. well conducted-ghost, presented: at appropriate intervals, its -demoniac features to a long suffering public.- At one time a weak minded .earner, lacking philosophy and that most.ressential of „a31 virtues patience, would have the unblushing, audacity to msert.a letter in one or other of tbe local papers, complaining of the dangers and dslays which- beset him while floundering tliroueh that delightful succession of crab holes which, commencing at the Iiongford, scarcely terminates at-the Union Bridge. To the cynic, what more unequivocal display of human ingratitude could there be than ! this. In an opportune moment the mantle of Macadam had fallen on certain local ground, and those much abused crab noleB had been filled to their very trims with loose earth—a material far less likely,-to wear away horses 7 hoofs and wheel tyres than stone. Who could have • foreseen that the winter's rain-iwould have-, detected those artfully .concealed basins, and have converted them into glue-pots and- hsrse traps, which they afterwards-proved. An individual of the genus earner^ chafing at the loss of a horse^a paltry jade,: -doubtless—killed in the contest with tea-tree slusli and ofiicial. incapacity, even went xo the,length.of bring-• lug an action.-agamsttliat .immaculate .msti- , totion, the Avon^hire Council, and through - unaccountable judicial perversity, recovered damages: The official mmd was, thrown on its beam ends by sucli an- iinlooked for decision, and the case was carried into a higher court, when.! Judge Bindon's ,matter.-<if fact jo°ie, " that a -man is entitled to have that for which he pays,'' was substantiated at the costJofthe ratepayers' pockets.. JFor about a fortnight after this interesting incident 111 road: board history, no toll was demanded, rod the Hill Top held high jubilee under the impression that one of the most flagrant and unblnshmg abuses m the colony of Victoria had ceased to exist. Unmindful - ,ot their former: eitpctienee, -the Avon Shire Gouncil made common cause with .the Hosedale. Hoad. Board; -toll has been re-established, and cue section sof -the convtsmiity -fluds-itEelf agam tyrannized over, by-the other,. .In a country of anomalies no ..ctreater . anomaly. can,, be foundiban ,this.,, Here we bave a tolllevied nominally for the maintenance of a bridge, a -bridgsi, .by^the-l)y, erected at the government expense j yetirin reality,oan ingenious device by-Vhich two road boards'keep,each other.m coUntenance-wWle exacting fnrther contributions from'certain unfortunate ratepayers, to n-houihard fatc bas denied-the use of even a, mile of tolerahle road. What grosser piece of injustice can -jbe vcimceived than-: that threepence' should be demanded of.horse- ®2nciossing the Latrobe Bridge to Tepair a liapunity the-sUDSk-ws^TOns, loading and tion lias been verv prominently betore public of late. What will those «ay-wlio ar»ue in favor of compulsory education to a state of things which compels ©veiy parent; resident at 'rile Bill Top, sending a child to ; be educated iu Kale to pay a teiof dgbteen, iif»ee » week in addition to the ordinary ichool fees. There sire at the present time. jnnre than twenty children, on and about tlie Sill Top O f this number two only rlnrtcthe adianiages of cduciSion, tbeir parents heiug iadis,wsed to part with their hard earned saviniTS Jor ihe enuthjneiit ol local land boards In "a "fcountry wheie might is-too often riehtj andthose ina niinority are re-; girded as nonenlitfes, itlaay appear a matter Of the subliihest indifiference to many that a Score Or so of children should be brought up in a state of intellectual and religious darkness fs but tS™ must be some amongst.*®: ^,f0el the grave icsponabiiity notiiKt 11s wjio reel tut 1 t IWi-i'l incur bv interposing obstacles , .. 111 ^he" way of educating tbe masses «a the -fthtel withm -«heel principle, Sale advocates pf protection ^possibly res^ird the Latrobe JJrid-e, Sale, as an lobtitufaon-worth) ot the lii.<iiest admiration sineo it cIaims, as it were, samiiBrt dufcv on all. piodnca ontenng «ie 1,., this route fbe hard-working l tbei* vegetables on poor land and conveying tbenv wJien growny tomaTket flie Puntlane, without incurring any further penalty. In whatever Jsght the Jjjatrobe Sridge toll is (regarded,,whether ;as (aaiobstaole tsto seduca:; tion, or -as a tax on local indnstiy, It W: .alike •-. mental io the pnblic interest, let 11s hope then that steps will bespeedily.taken for tbe' lemoy^l, of. this crying jevil, and that the men .of..Oippsland, Jiving south of.,sib^. tiatrobe. may, like their fellows in the neighborhood" of Mafira atd Stratford, be placed in the possessioti of good roads, witho&t; bemg ealled ivpon Yours truly, ' SILL "TOP. 