I. GRTINix KOXJES, BY "AT'GT'1 "> ri««KSr.;r f'w Meetic« tok The Sckc?ipfro-B» "father 4uis„7. f-venv-v <,„ . , , uPen curing t:iC tra - 1 «& w " <md Goidi tie rtnVi-Uij of course, occunvinw to2,aijd f'0n receded to 5 ' coming >very fas/'- i & reported fco be Jtourite, the highest-off? place as firafc againsfc Mr. ««« «S: -»;p freely offered against h? - 2 mB business. An even r« 0W ut heading to «nd Lady Clifdefi hitt t& K<>reao® quiredaffc at ah oiiM gjde as' i o transactions. or iile pPWC& b.ufe 1 heard of j tydney to accept 500 to inn , £ ftom '«. a JV?I mA: mferknliim v«„l . ftWe, HSeit So- I ave accepted 500 to 10o' about'loT" V j" ssst&Btrv;'ssaf nab, a»a was backed to 'CSWP with' to 9, a price St ? 1®- 0r »»' at I lose, when 100 to 10 was thl at the "earl was supported ftr , !. !8 "'' The Mme pnea aa juanita and SrZ ount »t the i >kelO0to 4that .TOe Qnt awFere "ahe to . roth® to blefol'' S Tait's half- as authemetallicians offered ft il, 'J 100 > 6 .ImOTtfpenest.hpjhpdj ii, fcPf Ihck was , WO to 12, whfeh';/inadh lihT?4 mo&r; '. jold Pup combined 'was tnnnh' ':a -efler and «.im, Challenger, and Tim Ckalh Eli, and 'vaite, Challengeir ahd Stt??v Tgand Bl&\- J Wita, Challenger and Juanfo? ?/enoe and »<nd Juanita, Ladv PliMra 9 ' Tiady Clifden t elections, the prices &nfoW; t18, 4b® Pnri&r; !'» ®s 4 rate e?10 » uuer notice through 'JiiRhfti-o; u " uvuP CaWe ie first named event withml g -tolled for others for the f& one or two 4 2 -fuesday theeibeks d&hP;> »000 to 4 Mficant character a fewdonh7aS an insig- ' nder my notice. On Wedned eo®i«g j wrought into the Mkefc for fcfi& aidI c ommencing at' 100 fo S F.Sydn®y ©up; anil 100 to II, andWfot bauHd i'lft off- Blaithwot LW« 1 fig «be ( o was offerea;#itedut anS?In,? l0b 'Jt J . i was subsequently EccegdS iU1 60 to : roffered thatRomula hUtu'- toSO ' Melboe t> tamed , ?,C Aavcinrite. 5 tn 1 j ime m for a6fohMwjfcii feufe iSS n1"688 7 Roubles With Ro&ulaHLttt; en'- in ' hemg 200 to ai,d 'SOO to 2 Wfc » smedfor'the Sfcibg r <- r»looi miZSSSuS'. takes precedence of all Australian assemblies, and tne absence of tne oonoxious -jumping—element is a matter for cobgraiulatibin To-day man1 fco Bpeak only oftheevents to be decided on the Leger day. I dor not expect to be bo successful as usual, principally 'j because I ha?f| not had an opportunity of ( witnessing the morning gallops of the horses engaged in- the different events, hut as I haye been in communication withja couple -of friends in Sydney, I have been- pretty > well posted as to the manner in which many, of fche nags have been going through < their facings. The ball is to be opened by the Trial Stakes, and for this event commend me to Roberto il Diavelo, whom l expect to sec chased home by. Lottery and Pyrrhua or Cbunt; The Champagne Stakes has been set down as- a good thing for: Beatrice, but those who . have .rushed the "crack filly fail to remember that Hamlet' a colt of great private reputation, is in the same stable. I shall not be at all surprised to see the colt start with Joe Morrison in the saddle, and if such be the case, those who follow my advice will do well to put a pound or two ou the strapping son of Mari- byriaong and Bose of Denmark. The Acorn is net engaged in this race, but Javelin is reported' to be a flyer, and it -is said that the Victorians will , hare their work cut out to beat him.- However, I am content to pin my faith to-our couple, and those -who have supported Beatrice will do well to take a hint, and not let Hamlet run without investing a pound or two in his favour. Florence's friends were put out of their misery on Thursday night, by the telegraphic wires flashing the unwelcome news that the filly j had ; been -scratched for the Leger. Lady Clifden is said to be progressing admirably in her -training, but Challenger is not eo popular as- he was, and Sly is almost friendless. . There is an outsider, however for whom I: have; a sneaking regard, and if one of the unexpected, division is to do the trick it will be .Argyle, whose form: is not of the worst,- Jig having beaten The Spy when the pair met in tire spring, though it is ; but fair to state that. the; latter was ior anything but his best form. .Nevertheless, this son; of. lattendou must not be lost sight of, for I believe him to be quite good enough to run a good race now Florence is out of it, and to those who can throw away a t fiver? on a good pff chance, let me advise the risk ing that amount — no more — on Aegyle. For the Autumn Stakes I prefer The Srx to anything else, ! and Illumination and Self-Reliance ought to be good enough to fill the situations' The weights for the Doncaster Handicap have been published, and ithey are principally noticeable for the dis graceful manner in which Brsetor and Milesian have b.een treated by the Sydney handicapper. Blaifhwaite, too, has received pepper on the, strength of the fcail talk there has been. going on anenfc his wonderful doings but The ; ane is let in comfortably enough, and if be be any thing like his best form, lie should give a good account of those opposed to him, and The Count ard «j l anixa I hie best for places. The second day I shall say nothing about until next Satur day, but I suppose my friends will expect to hear . what I think of the Sydney Cup, the probabili- HoweW j' t.ow be lessened considerably. j ®y first love and Twrii I ra7. «iieg:ar.oe to f least to Mr p, vl ll0t surPriss me in the I Fin-iv ' r , 11'6 turn out a ranfe: impostor. , — J 5 I first three will be ROM17LA,' 1 and I Ttic-fL , T i tims DICK. | MEEMAID, . Al, . i and i tt-L- . . THE PEARL. Monk." A . VLf,Dr DoN and The «Mr -will nade by .me W &» «n!ion , waf meeling, and a further Don won the Hurdle lil"/ ' 1Ifwm'jch as Xady Mont appropriated r06 m a er, and Thf Phase. fiiraSS the/<!0W.f<>r the Steeple- opinions adraneed by me S„ t1e 'b?', fte with The WeeJclu tL,b — 8 7 , connection ana Itrust«S £ I its columns I mav ll cntoibnthr io hare hrflt:be no leM eessfU' -U&7r will obserre thrdoreKJ horse engaged jm a race fin iw t of .erer7 'hurttllt7atk' tnd 8Sy> " Didn'fc lS youst > ' Pnognostrcatipns la, sufficient evident!. fways good grounds for my anticinationr " rr ' mg spotted The, Spy for the in . my aUegiance to mv %L fir® Juanjta. I. notice thai- ' « QV?' tbe fair j market, and that she piaytt . one pf the LLLT11! the; vevorsef bf"18 flfcll(3 Wfls ' some? very :excdS Lf? Mnd 8t' when Manners SuS wito a d7 foot and in foal topL j rib7norig foal at to tproprietor of the 8y. knppked down ekldopf lets aool one rfin frD0Bf who land there can be no doubt tbnth-® fin«ers» eedtirjsd.a bargain for 40n m ..toare he looked aaif thfnlp tineas. The Ladv bad done , her good' uinon. JHew whn , , 1U greac con- Warjriok, Mpridorn Smhrraf'Be tf' forget thegemeness disp%ea bf tlm fe-' ",U daughter of Pitsford nn tw P7 the handsome when she just m.em»Mble occasion, transinita. to her progmyliaf' '? she possessed % herself she wind uH S qualities the gems -of !the 7lLar sl 7 of j torprised to see Such well h. j Book. I was) Stmttdn tod Minhii u b,- ,"6CIJb aia'not avail hifoiiidf ,.iwu -«uiere 'secure two BDlendii 15 J the fcunity to these i to Vr y'bred 7oung . mares like hvhedihg rfcb; «100 each. for f ues, for whofonof 6" STT Melancholy fld> being khoek ® ? edtaB'7e«r-/ Moueieur ie Beau we T 52 guineafe j .ahd '«» Appearance since I BaWfl<Imprd f down for 80 blm;!as «» k»obk; qHehce ihduS \ Peieiiehito f->ihe owner nf tu fouehit; ,wa8 disposed of. fKm bisrtrnt :;--.uvv c , , i J mon tf/ had "fmnJ'of" his eicbilei'it' ififreds \- fchem-wSrdl j. By a Reference tol ithe; head:; of our sportin . column, it will be seenlthat a couple bf.our book- ? . makers have arranged to supply the public want; during the absence of the Victorian Tinio 4 Mr. Al W oolifer bas made arrangements fdr accommbdatr- ingr backfers of . horses, and i persons ; iwishing tp in veBt On ' theik' dibtle' fancies may do ! so at hny time by eallrngpat his office, 2io. 3 JBoarke street east. Me. W . Brafich (of the firm of. Branch ahd Thompson) intends xe Aaininjg inv Melbourne- for the purpose of accommodating customers, 'and: a call at No. 50 Bourt« streat east vnll only, be necessary. : Messrs. B. Thompson and W . Fagan had -a . couple of steeplechase matches on the CaUlfield course on Tuesday laet»' the first being between, the former mare Miude And the- latfcer's -roan- gelding The Rake, .0iPe round the course. There was a fair sprinkliag of the sporting element '-present,-' 'And Mr. iobn Eerr and- 'Mr.-Jbsbph'i Thompson having bean appointed judge and starter respectively,uhe former took his place, in a most dilapidate ricketty structure which generally does duty foi a judge's box,- and the j nags appeared at thei scratch, the mare being 1 mounted by Lierschyaid the iroan by Harding: ! Mr. Thompson got thqpair well away together, ! and Liersch immediate took the initiative. . and ! jumping splendidly, ever gave the awkward brute opposed 'to hei the ghost of a chance ; winning Easily by atiyiumber of lengths: . The second match was the)38ult of seme chaff between the owners of the oposing aags, and after ar little badinage, Mr. I Glenister offered . to lay \\\ £20 to £10 and »tch Maude against' Mr. j Fagan's BushtAnger, ie former to ?be ridden by Mr. G., and the lafir by Mr. Watkins.; The challenge was accept, and an exciting race took j place for three partsF the wavy both being close j together a couple of beesfrom1 home, but , Bush- 1 ranger jumping awkferdly, dislodged his rider j and Maude gallopeiome an easy winner j M»- j Fagan thus losing bh matches. <| Mr. J" oseph Tbobson has purchased the f cele brated trotting hto Sir William. Don>, and has taken the Jck to Sydney, where - he will shew his pa<! in the beautiful colonial- built buggy lately bde to Mr. Thompson's order. The price paid forie crack was £150, the same sum being given ftthe buggy. It is Conteinpld by the Melbourne Hunt Club to hold a stolechase meeting on the 13fch May, and as tbe pgramme will be a liberal one, it is to be hoped ifc it will be well supported," So that the club mi reduce the strain upon ' its funds. There isi be a hurdlei race, a, steeple chase of iOOsovand other events, the whole to, conclude with a»g hunt,in which . the Club's iicunds will. :akf;srt ; and as th ere will be some j tSiirfcy or for5y coats, led by Sam Waldock ! and his whips fowing them round t5- ; course, j this novelty 5.4 1 > draw a crowd j I have he ; a; .- - -.-gh i-werha'' audi- I caps publish -d ;- . dr- . ;,p. | portions the TYvigA-. dy say. that it annesra. -n ! his mind that th. should have nc : ' on things of R«! . . v >- n Miles iar. our oyv ever . -:.n;rd- . Hghtay fu -v ... . ;y..; rather f o-o v> i - 1 1 _ ' the major:? v '..-Ft'.. -' gracefolly tr :«. a. " y , ,ae a. v Ft.snH?:-'s m?hor !,mre no 1easoa hi COflir' j Anebpy seems to have done wha iiked at omebush, a.nd won hr>fh DWAn I-a he liked ; I the Cup by- at; least eighty yards. "WhV? foolish foan his owner must have been to negleetog tort »l Cup. which he could A1"" nWULd.7Ve 8" to at lees thtn6«- mers Daughter r ruuniug in the Sellim» fce being of a peculiar character, the steward? ll4 an investigation, but wards h Morrison had backed hi i Udnkf V t lost merely through ?the bad iudemont V ®h< AdcLdXg'toTe this week. For the Flying HandiTu'61'6 entry of 22 Aatumu H j- fcbere is an Steeplechase, 10 dudinaanfi1 ftcd S-wSS?S5iSEt3; sSwSWSateSisil R3KS bourne Cup, won the Portuguese Cun u and a quarter, - the first dav secend day he won the ChallJUe h'rfche, vue 50C guineas, carrying third day.he rpn second to BirminaVft Auatodffi , in ,(ie I «, 11 1 8 tt3e care of. R. .Mifokpii ''Li, 1 : 1 well known in Victoria who was Old Birmingham Zho 11 mZf Verses, here, won the Hong Kong Cun f88 half, carrying J.0sf 41 h ,P on® mile and a 2- cj, ,a« 'A.nstralian carried i2afc fi-iL ' : The.prbgrimmes iTthVC other Meetings have agd K,C. Bagotauforma »' W the severe losses incurred WV?'1 Uafqu?nc® f . Summer and Aut«mn ,17 f-our L habihtiea to any extent and Jh i , 61(1 b ? pouDds are' jeedlCMly ®groundioVfancy fJncfo and riVb 5 1," is qf .the " indefatieabfo " ? appear strange .indeed thatto aoes neyer sVtbe m»py bF whofoJ HPQn "Augur" for toe mpecfingtoC' enWs f' Tr kes £HitiwmAloto=dUr1htofc;-n "rsf. x! V!' ; . 'armuS-m ee t iu gs of the V.R.C. vviil uiceL uit i rinse hi& ><ufcmostvexertions 'ltd' keep his readers .postAd in bll» matters rielating to the tuiff y - i: ih ! 1 'Beifag an admirJr of all atoietio ahd ' uivigbi»t?; lingi spbtsylipaid a visit to , the banks of the Vaira on'; 8aturdayand;iMonday afternoons; /and though toe regatta appeored somewhat , slow. :;and <unex- citmg oh the first <3ay, I ; must confess thafc fchb really magnificent . struggles between : the Rich mond aridMelbourne Clubs and the Civil Service nnd Warehousemen oh the Mondayyu fully repaid for toe' "BlownesS"of Saturday. Talk of eXcite- tneht ; why, excepting the few minutes preceding the Melbourne Oup, T have never witnessed any thing equal to tod last two minutes of toe contest j j for the Challenge Cup, which was one of the J severest and closest that has ever taken placemen I'the Vaixa.; As toe 'Mitchells he d. been defeated: r for the Gardiner Capon Saturdays the sympathy j of the spectators was withvthe sturdy " brewer If boys," and I must candidly acknowledge- toafcfllr shared in the desire to witness the victory of the brothers; Turning the Baths corner, it looked 3 / | to ! on Melbourne, but Ho.- 2 and stroke struck the buoy, and toe result was a " crab, " which 1 lost; J ; toem a length; and James Mitchell, wakening up liiS crew, forged islightly ahead. Jem Gazaly, by amalmiost' superhuman effort, quickly, decreased j the gap, and was on terms with his opponent 150. yards from home ; but the extra exertion had. j taken something out of No. I and 2, and Rich- mond won the grandest boat race I ever saw by about 6ft., which would just have been reversed but for toe accident at the turn- leading into the straight. a The cheering for both crews, but /es pecially/for. the victors, was something to be re membered,: anddell they deserved the applause bestowed. There was a greats wind-up between the Civil Service and Warehousemen, and /though the latter were just beaten, toomuch credit cannOfc be awarded toem for their plucky attempt to turn the tide in their favoiir, and ybnng Shier who was stroke, merits special commendation for bis admirable vowing. I was sorry to see Nichols, defeated for the sculls, but there can h» n« that he was overmatched, as Jones rowed eaey to the BaAhk corner, ..and. lost lengths bv looking /round to .steer . himself. Of the youns rowers I saw at 'the regatta,;those Ilike most were L. Bell, Goldsmith, Carter, Carmiehael, and I o nier (stroke of the Warehousemen) j jfrom which J quintette a splendid four could bja seiected. j Of Larry Bell I cannot speak too highly; hB is ,thc; makings of fane of the : besfc scullers and oarsmen I ever : saw ; and befog especially fortunate. afc,r tapping," l aelect him to toi Champion within two years; he ppssesses every, essential qualification-for -areat eefoieiyaiid when — — xuore, will oe, a terror to,the Orrs, Cazalys, the Joetot; and 'the Nichoisfe&.l7 &0ld- smita, too, is a gem of the first "water; and I shoula like to sr-& this rising oarsman set himself down for sculling ; for, like « Larry," he has a plentiful supply ofthe requisite bone find muscle/, limee the regatta there has bedn sofoetalk of a match between .Messts: Orr and Jem Cazfilv in ouukers, but 1 l a't think 4it wiU come to any- , fcniug. Ifthe.-e t vo gentlemen were to. tow: in. cimkers, I think Cfizaly wouldwwini by.iitooufe a! length ; but if in - outriggefo, -Orri wouldrfcif v.rmmphaut. However: fostoad of makfog these \- A toitui 16 would ue tar better for the "owing men of the colony to subscribe: for -a 50 ' 7eQ a goinea tropfiy, to be rowed for by est ot our amateurs, toe result to decide the ampionship: of the colony. The course to ! roer' miles on the Saltwater, River , or' -Lower J ' ' 1 The race; in fact; » might be left open to j T" Australia, - and probably we j SllOLllfi f.hpn aim vWrkni- aUahW. I .L r" ' I f nuau buwpj fiUCQv m6Q a8 ;U?r. Cazaiy, Jones, and Bell would have against the WairSonth WaiBa, Awia,. a . SoatA AuBtraha. It iieoi/e but a, contest of tins kind, or an (intercolonial mtffifc,. to w»nd»r rowiug one of the most popular sports pf the day ':l ti, mea like James Caxaly, a Robert, MiteheJ, Orr, Tbos. Hope, CoUe, Gofosfnith, . J. F. Straohan, Bell, aiid Carter, to chopse from. we j :oula select & four to \ake th« „£ " ..A 1 illV nf , If i fit IJ lr pusms over the border. TFy 14 gentlemen & towin8 fraternity ; ) .Bin gmre you ; jw#l SU ' ' ' ' " ' i P.t j; : r,y f.. meeting of the if elbourne- Regatta Com- was held on Thersday, at the Freemasons' Swanston street, with Air. M. H. Irving fo, the iOi1 the purpose ;of tokingttoto:rCQn-J sidork1011 .pretests fedgpol v;% fjSE-V i- inohd®!, against the Melbourne : crew. to, the, Gardfoa baiiea8B UP The, goDds;' dhjectioiij11 wef6i; 5 jfewakt. the oox£ai 0i . efooume hot be cQ rfl? au amateur, and fchprjefore did not rn>e within the regatta rules < also. iWJ James CazaK soke oar, had received money after therace ount of a wager. .These pro- teats were full Tanatod» and eventually: djfc allowed. A fr r Protefit by tke brothers JfiteheUttti resp'f MeJr . bourne crew- for vV"',Jf,4«6 pviog to too >absence of -M ' ,4,;w: forther consideration " "cU 'l ' ::I- until he next. meeting, ae -,r'Ck d)\: £Uiy way affect .the resair. Vi'': l>" tor. f'Rmond. , f ' -a :e« :.aplXQg4hedisiTiburj r''-'4 4'toi rho adjournment Ot the .-,t. M A-hcli, > ®PflH«5d.to.be.rei ie- pi <# c.,; k'ils:vv&::Gw, prc asr ; - ' 'er theapie " savour prove PXtk stot as. PPfiduct/as, suJT 'j thifhe brothers, Mi.tcheii and Mr. 8<> to the extent they threaten, it will be then tle ioT the Begatta toinmittee to take some actic m 0rder j i recurrence of so ipeaa an J! temt >. 8% pos- ; lflHO»Va.a rvP .1.- A — Sr? -he lmcEnf — li.ri , yx iroptiy ; and a r V "«»oy . WiU be that, in the event of to. laV bem$ PPeale5 to, the Richmond maw will b disquaiiiied Sroxn ever upmpotfog at a reBalt - unF ,toe auspices ,qf , the Mefooume Pmmittee»" w"1 V' . Jlorsnoe lava been atm,' uoger, ifcmow leave,;, me; -no 0 splecfc what I thinl- i,>. w ifist likelv fltl dat'at eaffie%B'?'rI s=?paa5ssasl «m<«e nj ; Nt day «i» M foiosp f M7 «efootmo«| , : . J !" 'tin ' - ti1 