VICTORIAN'FOTES. (From our Hotspur Correspondent.) It is said that Nunawadirig Fisher intends to plead precedent in Uphold ing his action against the Press, and to contend that a man may be a Messiah ?without forfeiting the protection of the law. He doubtless considers himself as ^ competent to work miracles as Brigham Young or any other prophet, and as long as people believe that a violation of the laws of nature is neces sary to confirm a creed, so long will such men as Fisher find dupes. Owen Glendower could call spirits from the vasty deep, and so can I, but the spirits won't come for that. A disturbance of the order and harmony of the uni verse caused merely to establish some minor point- in theology would be too costly and too terrible for every day use; and yet that simple man Fisher made his chuckle-headed disciples be lieve that he could cause the sun to halt if they wished hi in to do so-that is, that he could hurl Jupiter, Saturn, Mars, the earth, and all the other glo rious worlds which derive their motion .from the sun, into atoms, and it is difficult to credit that there could be such arrant fools in the nineteenth century as those who believed him. It appears that , the whole adminis trative expenditure of the kingdom of Scotland, with nearly three millions of inhabitants, is only $27,000, while that of Victoria, whose population is less than that of an English second- rate, city, costs more than a million. That terrible truth requires no comment-it stands like the writing on the wall, and ought to make the people tremble. '"What a glaring act of injustice the Speaker of our Commons was guilty of the other day when he recorded two votes in favor of Mr; Champ, the shop closer, retaining his seat. Who ever heard of a judge being a juryman at one and the same time P or who ever heard of the duality of Capt. McMahon since the great day when his iron houses fell about bis ears. Mr. Fellows is on his way back, big no doubt with parliamentary forms. He has been a constant attendant at St. Stephen's^ no doubt, to hear whether the English members can call " a spade ft spade." Some men will not take w no" for a denial, and believe with Joseph Ady that mendicity may be reduced to a calling. Last year Mr. John Hogan, in his candidature forthe office of Port land shire auditor, was opposed by a Mr. Levett, and although the ominous word " nil" after his name showed how the ratepayers appreciated that Worthy man, lie, like Hamlet's ghost, is again on the board to break a spear with Mr. Tulloh, who is bound to win the day, Mr. Levett, we are told, is a very hospitable man, which reminds me of the reply an old pensioner once made me when I enquired of him if the Portuguese were an hospitable people. "An hospital people," he re plied } "yes, I s'pose they are, at any. rate I was in the .hospital all the time I was there." ' V ' ^ \ If Mr. Levett would be advised by me he would relinquish the unequal strife, because if hot he may get two ails after his name this time, as most of the ratepayers in this quarter are deter mined to return Mr. Tulloh, and " small hlarae to them for that same." I Would counsel Mr. Levett to seek some other outlet for his coniputative genius, oven if it was devoted to the compiling of a new multiplication table, because I am aware from my own knowledge that it would be easier for him to skate over A1 SiratV Bridge than to get one ratepayer's vote in this quarter, and the ratepayers at Branxholme and Lake Condah can turn a shire election against even Portland itself. I will therefore conclude with a sentence which will taste somewhat like wormwood to Mr. Levett-it is " Vote for Tulloh." 