FAREWELL BANQUET TO MR." NATHAN BOWES. I A complimentary farewell banquet was given by tbe friends of Mr Xatban Bowes, on the occasion of bis departure from the colony, at Mack's Hotel last night. The chair was taken cy ii. B. Bouuld, Esq., and about 40 gentlemen were present, amongst whom were—Dr. D. B. Beid (in the vice-chair), Ilis Worship the Mayor of Gtr-.loug, the Mayors of Xewtoun and Chilwell, South Barwon, and Queensclifie ; Messrs W. S. Y. Burnett, Win. Young, S. B. Corrigan, Alfred Douglass, C. J. Dcnnys, G. F. Belcher, J. J. Buckland, T. B. Guest, Squire Ward, J. D. Bohinson, H. A. Whyte, James Scott, W. M'MuIleu, Thus. Hawkes, W. S. Morris, W. Brown, Tbos. Bayten, M. L. Dennys, Macdonald, Morrison, Gibson, Gcohegan, and others. The tables were well supplied, and a most enjoyable evening was spent by all pre set) t. Written apologies were received from Messrs Hitchcock, M'Bain, M.P., ICinniu mont, liowe, O'Malley, Voluni, W. H. Anderson, Chambers, M'Comas, Whitfield, and Hodgson. The dinner being at an end, the usual loyal and patriotic toasts were given by the chairman and duly honoured. The vece-chairman proposed " The Par liament of Victoria." Mr George Brown, as an ex-member of the Assembly, and in the absence of any member of the present Parliament, res ponded to the toast in complimentary terms. He expressed a belief that the present Parliament would be found an improvement upon its predecessors. The vice-chairman then proposed " The I Mayor and Corporation of Geelong." Thia toast was received with applause. W. P. DuckerEsq, Mayor, rose to respond. He remarked that the Corporation conscien tiously and faithfully discharged the duties devolving upon them, and that the many improvements completed, and in progress, were sufficient evidence that the Corporation had done its duty. He wished, before setting down, to say that Geelong could ill afford to lose its good men, and he felt that in parting with Mr Howes, Geelong would miss an esteemed citizen. He hoped, how ever, that Mr Bowes wonld soon return to Geelong again, and he could assure him that he would he cordially welcomed back. ftong—Mr Morris. The Chairman then rose to propose the toast of the evening—" The health and prosperity of Mr Xathan Bowes." In . doing so he said he felt very great pleasure indeed in presiding on this occasion. He had known Mr Bowes long and intimately, and, of course, favourably ; and be hoped that we should soon see our worthy guest hack from the old country. The toast was received wilh long and very hearty ap plause. Mr Bowes rose to respond, and said— Mr Chairman and Gentlemen—I hope to get oat ot Geelong without making a fool of myself. I could have made a speech before I came hire to-night, but it lias all vanished, and I can only regret that 1 can not speak like some of the gentlemen w ho hate preceded me, or I would tell you how heartily I thank you all for the cordial welcome you have given me this evening. You must, however, take the will for the deed. I can only say that 1 fed deeply the honour you have done me, and 1 hope that if ever I return to tii'j colony, it will be to lake anil spend tlie rest of my (lav?amongst the old friends I liw leave behind. I shall never forget ts-* there ere ties that will bind me to Ccclong ; and 1 again" thank you for the kind and hearty manner in which yuu have received the toast. Song by Mr Buckland. .Recitation by W. F. Ducker, Esq.,— " The Ghost." The Chairman proposed " The Trade and Commerce of tJeelong," coupled with the agricultural, pastoral, and mining pur suits. He remarked, iu doing so, that, as 31r C. J. Dennys would respond, little need he said hy him in regard to the toast, Mr I.'tnnys having been identified largely with all these interests for many years past, and be hoped that Geclong would never want men like Mr Dennys to represent the trade and commerce of Geelocg and the Western District. The toast was drunk amidst applause. Air C. J. Dennys, in concise and appro priate terms, responded to the toast. The Vice-chairman in n neat speech proposed " The Ladies of Geelong," coupled with the name of Mrs Bowes's. The toast was responded to most en thusiastically. Mr Geo. Brown in r tcry humorous speech, responded on behalf of the ladies, and Mr Bowes on behalf of his wife, and Mr Wliyte for those unmarried. Songs and toasts wound up a very pleasant evening. The bamjuet wa-: provided hy Mr Tlics. Asche, and was got up in first-rale style. 