THE TOWN AND SUBURBS, Mtxi.sav.uiAL Doings.— Wo aro in a posi tion to announce that tho lion, the Chief Socrotary will address his constituents at Eynotou on Monday next, at 7 p.m. ; tho Treasurer at Gcelong, ou Wednesday; ond the Minister of Lands at tho Avoca, on Thursday. Tub Hon. tiix Chief Sf.cretarv. —Tho Hon. Charles Gavan Duffy, we understand, will leave Melbourne to-morrow evening, for tho purpose of " interviewing " his con stituents at Dalheusici The hon. gentle man's supporters are confident of success. Portland Election. — It is otated thai; Mr. Richmond Hcnty has loft for Portland,, with tbe view of contesting that constitu ency with tho Solioitor-Generali As the utmost efforts ot the party lie- represents failed to- return him- at tho list election, we hardly think his present chances groat, as tho votes then given- to Mr. Hughes will iu ail pi WUttUllltiJ' WW V IT IVLUllALa AH AIAfc Sponsloy's favor. A DroAriPATED Daw. — Mr. Tully, the town clerk of Eagleliswk, with other gentle men, wove- introduced- to tho horn tho Com missioner of Mines to-day, by Mr. Thomson Moore, LLP.', with tho-objeotof asking for a sum of money to be expended in putting a ' certain dam in repair, or otherwiso-it would become useloss. Mr. M'Lellan- was in formed that the dami had originally boen constructed |by the- department, and that Mr. Mackay, the late Minister of Mines, had promised on amount of monoy for the pur pose mentioned. Mr.. SI'LoIlan said if tho- would bo forthcoming, He would'look into- tho matter, aud if ho aid' not find any specific sum sot doivu, the- claim urged upon him. would bo considered with othors. Severance and Annexation. — The depu tation montioncd above also waitod on tho- hon. tho- Chief Secretary to ask that a portion of tho shire of Marong might be- severed and annexed fto tho borough of Eaglahawk. Mr. Duffy was inFormed' that all parties inter ested in this matter wore agreed, and that tho provisions of tho Act had been properly carried out, so that tlloro was no oxistiug ob jection to the wish- of the deputation bejng carried out. Mr. Duffy said that such being tbo oaso, the annexation would bo made with as little delay as possible. I«i.\?»r I ».\ 1.1. T.HA 1 UUtilVl'llvGoLi"- Hi Walsh, ono of tho representatives of tho borough of Ballarat East, had interviews ! with several mombors of tho Gabinot to-day, ' relative to tho closing of tho court of potty sessions, Ballarat East. Mr. Walsh pointed out that, with tho exception of Molbourno ond Ballarat West, there were more persons tried in the polico court, Ballarat East, when it was open for business, than in any othor place in tho colony, and he strongly urged upon Ministers the necessity of having tho court re-opened. What the result will be, the future of course will show. Mining ox the Railway Reserve, _Sand- Ilirnsr. — At noou to-day, a deputation of gentlemen interested in mining pursuits at Sandhurst, was introduced by Mr. Burrowes, M.F., to the hen. the- Minister of Railways, who was asked that the laud inside tho rail way feneo might lie thrown open for mining purposes. S imo discussion aroso on the sub ject, when Mr. Longmoro said that the Government would prevent all parties from mining on tho sail laud, at any rate until a thorough inspection had buou made, and tliuu if the Government settled to allow of mining oporationa being carriod on, it would only ba under the strictest supervision. Tho depu tation was informed that similar applications to that urgGil oy tns deputation nau ucgu kept alivo since 1S83, and also that the Government had obtained au injunction to prevent the Railway Tribute Company from driving under tho railway reserve. It. appeared that driving operations had been carried on in that direction to a distance of somotliiug like 18£t. Tho deputation then withdrew. Another Gone! — It is again our mournful duty to ohroniclo tho death of one of our oldest colonists. The lato Mr. Samuol Ray mond, although not prominently before tbo public for many years, was, during his offloial career hero and in tho sister colony, most highly respected, and in his private oircio was generally beloved by au wno Know mm. With reference to his ability and the conscien tious diacliargo of bis duties, we need soarcoly mention a more significant proof than the fact of his been chosen by veto for eight couseoutivo years to fill tho onerous appointment of Chairman of Quarter Ses sions. Ho ultimately retired from public life about nine years baok, and has since resided in Victoria, aud for the last two and a half years has been completely bed-ridden. Wo believe we are correct in calling his com plaint (paralysis) hereditary — his mother, father, and brother (William Odell Raymond), ono of tho Qipps Land pioneers, all having succumbed to the same disease. His funeral takes place to-morrow. Sale of Thoroughbred Stock. — A public sale of wcil-kuown steeplechasers and hunters wa3 conuuereu oy aiosars. uoyuer and Co., to-day, but tho result was any thing hut satisfactory ; in fact, as Mr. Goydor remarked, tho animals were given away. Tho following cracks were disposed of, as follows -. — Lancelot, £30 ; Johnny Raw, £25 ; Sydney, £21. Punch. — This mieclicivouB fellow is, as usual, making capital of the political situa tion, and exorcises tho privilege of repre senting tho appeal to the country after his fashion. Tbo second cartoon is a rather exaggerated sketch of a family suffering from tho prevailing epidemic, with the con- vorsation going on ia ttub nasal indistinct- 1 fnim iiAiwIinii m n h f/i u in 1tfl(.fA1 uuaa. xuo ivumiu usual. The St. Hilda Ghost Captured. — During the last few days the nervous folks living in tho neighborhood of tho East St. Kilda Cemetery have been ' enduring considerable alarm from tbo nocturnal appearance of. a most unusual object, deporting ' itself in a fashion ! very much unlike ordiwiry bipeds. Super stition soon set it down as a ghost, and rumor did the re3t. Tho eternal resource in all troubles of the outside world, viz., tho polico, was resorted to, and tho in vulnerable as well as inexorable peeler soon brought tho midnight rambler to hay. It appears that tho ghost was of a very tangible f4 t s ,i. !l l.n/1 nunviflnrl character, a. youtn 10 T , himself with very high stilts which ho had covered with pantaloons, and lengthened 1h3 arms proportionotely. Thus .transformed he amuaed'himself in striding oyer fences, tomb stones, and every, obstacle of modorate di mension, to tho astonishment of tho neigh bours and passers by. The identity being discovered, the fears of tho neighbors aro allayed. . Bled to Death.— An old man named t _u o.„:n. pinrtlavpfl -in Williama's dUBtiUU uiuivu; — — restaurant, ' 143 Flinders-street west,' was taken to tbo hospital to-day dead; It seoms that bo was engaged ia peeling potatoes, when a chronic eroding ulcer of tho leg began to bleed from an ulceration of a vein. Tho bleeding was profuso, so much bo that I several pints of blood were lost - in a few lijdinutos, and- tho poor -follow died. As a i matter c4 interest to tho publlc, even when the patient was dead tho vein spouted pro fusely. It ia a matter of regret, that somo one of ordinary senao was not present, for if they had only had the prescnco of mind to place their finger upon tho vein the man's life would havo Boon saved. Charge of Perjury.— Wm. Hooi, a brick- makor, living at Brunswiok, was summoned before the City Court to-day on a charge of perjury. Mr. Fisher appeared, for the plaintiff, and Mr. Gaunson for tho defendant. Tho case commenced at ncoii. and lasted for some hours. The perjury nroso out of an action iu tho Sirpremo Court, Austiu v. Jaoomb, in which it was alleged Hool swore that ho had not sold to Austin the bncks. which Jaoomb, as Hool's assignee, had seized and sold. Tho euso was atilf going on when wo went to press. A STEr in TWn Right Direction. —Wo aro given to understand that it is in con- templation to pull down a camber ot tnc unsightly edifices contiguous to-tlic J unction Hotel, St. Kilda, and fronting the principal thoroughfare of that marino borough. For sonic time past it line boon tho oubject of wonder that suoh a step has not beon taken long ore this, as tho buildings in question aro anything but hacdaomo, aud give a stranger but a vory poor opinion of tbo go-a- lieadism of the loyal pooplo of St. Kilda. When these shop3 have, been romovod, tho ground will, if wo aro rightly informed, _ bo occupied by a row of substantial aod im posing-looking places of business. Already arrangements are being made by tho oc- oupiora of tho prcsont promises for a Hitting prior to the work of demolition beiog .com- nienoed. Court of FrHODShip. — The half- yearly mooting of tho A.O.F., Court of Friendship, takes placo this evening, when, in addition ;to tho usual basin-ass, tho advisability of ; joining tho dispensary will bo considered. Licenced victuallers' Association. — This cvoniug tho second grand annnal ball . A.' ...UL Alms UinfAFisn T.iPAnnod 111 COHllUUiiiUU >VlWA tmu u\/uvii»u Victuallers' Asaooiafcion, talies place, at :Hockm'B assembly room, Elizabeth-street, .and, from all wo cam learn, tho affair is -likely to bo largely patronised, and it is : pretty certain that great enjoyment will be ! tho result. Techno logical Lecture. — Dr. Mueller ; lectures, to-night, at ' the Technological Musoum„on " Forest Culture, in its Relation to Industrial Pursuits." Tho great import- ; ance of tho subject, and the emineuce of tho lecturer, will, no doubt, bring together a largo auditory. Land Warrant Board.— Wo have reason for behoving that until after tbo coining elections havo been aociaoa, no j ; meeting- of tho Land Warrant Board will j \- take place. 1 Assessment on Runs.— Tho hon. tho i I Minister of Lands will hear objections against tbo amounts of rent assessed on various- runs throughout tho colony under tho Land Act ot18G9, on tho 4th day of July , next. Contractors' Association.— A nume rous deputation, representing the Contrac tors' Association, waited on the hon. tho Commissioner of Public Worbo this morniug under tho following circumstaucos. A notice is posted at tao Public Works department to tho effect that iutending tenderers for works fl-c Arnntinn of Sunreme Court offices and buildings arc requested to tako notice that tho toudors must ho given iu on tho writton forms, which they may receive on application tho day prior to tho tenders being reoeived, aud the deputation wished to point out that no time wae allowed for con tractors to mako estimates, and that, not being allowed to sco the plans and specifica tions, thoy were ontirely in the dark us to tho oharacter of tho work required, in conse quence of which thoy did not know in what way to tender. They therefore asked for an extension of time, and to see tho plans and specifications. Tho deputation was iuti-o- flnpnj 1 1 v Mr. Whiteman. M.P., to tho Inspector-Goneral of Public Works, iu tho absence of Mr. O'Grady. .Mr. Wardoll eaid the plans wore not made, and ho could not givo them approximate quantities, hut the amount of the tenders was not to exceed £0 000. The site was south of Lonsdale- str'eot, bounded by William-street. Ho allowed that tho timo was very short. How- I over, ho would extend tho timo to Tuesday noxt, subject to tho approval of tho Com missioner. „ _ , The Somersetshire. — Mr. w. Royston Pike, who has boon in practico in Richmond a3 partner of Dr. Wilson for Borne time past, is about visiting England in the s.s, Somer- setshire. Mr. Piko goes homo as surgeon of tho vessol, and will return in about twelve months hence. The Demi-monde v. a Jockey. — A young girl named Rosa Stewart, ono of the demi monde, residing at 96 Stephen-street; ap peared a3 plaintiff at the District Court thiB morning, before Mr. Call, to prefer a ohargo of assault and using improper language against a young man namod Mortis Griffin, describing himself as a jookoy. Complain ant said that on Tuesday last sho was at her residonce, Mrs. Frazcr's, Stephen-street, when tho defendant camo into tho room she was in anil used tho most disgusting lan- guago ; so much so, that even she came off her bedand orderedhimout. He retorted that she was in the habit of taking valueless cheques for an immoral consideration, and when sho pushed him towards tho door, ho struck hci' lit tho face. There wore no othor witnesses. For the defence it was alleged that tho pro secutrix was to blame. Isaac Lyons, who said ho was a bookmaker, deposed that ho was in tho room whon the defendant came in, and said bo lot a girl in in Collingwood. He waB told by Stewart that it was not to his credit, and Griffin replied thatsho was not always reimbursed. She told him not to say that again, and it was allogod that Bho. struok him. Mr. Call dismissed the case, as plaintiff had not corroborated tho charge by witnesses, but said he would- not giyo coats to " gentlemen" who spent their time like the defendant and his witnessos. Mr. F. Stephen for plaintiff, and Mr. Siovwriglit for tho defendant. Masonic Banquet. — Ono of tho most in teresting celebrations of tho brethren of tho mystic tie took place last eveniog,; at the Masonio Hall, that has been witnessed by the Order in Melbourno for somo time. The occasion was the installation of Bro. Y\ P. Corcoran as W.M. of tho " King Solomon Lodge," 422 I.C. Tho room was decorated beautifully with tho flags of all nations. Au excellent supper was given by tlio newly- installed W.M., at which about 80 of tho brethren were present. ... . St George's Hall.— Tho entertainment hv tbn " sable brcdron" at St. George's Hall,' was fairly attended last evoning by an approving audienco, great satisfaction being felt at the musioal gems with which the first 1 part of tho programmo was sprinkiddi "Poter Gray's Legend," a dole ful ditty, was given by IIusBey in a manner which elicited a hearty encore, and in response he gavo a Imrlesquo version of "Father, come Homo," in a most unctuous manner. Then came tho "Pedestal Dance," by Carroll and Collins, who also appeared as the " Happy Little Mokes," encores fol lowing both. Gordon and Homer sang in capital style, and were called on again ; in fact encores were tho order of _ tho evening. " Handy Andy," and ",tho Victimised," in the latter of which Blanche Clifton (Mrs. Hussey) appeared, were tno_ concluding items of au enjoyable entertainment. Concert.— A vocal and instrumental eon- cert takes placo this evening, at the Orderly Room, Grattan-street, Carlton, at which an admirable programmo will bo gone through. Tho singers ana performers are well known, and of inoro than ordinary _ ability. The charitablo object in view is to aid jlio building fund of tho new common sohool. 