JIM BLUDSO, ? (From the New Fork Tribune). OF THE PRAIRIE BELLE. - BR THE AUTHOR OF *' LITTLE BBEECHES." Wall, no! I can't tell wbar be lives, Becase be don't live, yon see; Leastways, he'9 got out of tbe babit Of livin' like yon and me. Whsr have you been for tbe last three year That yon haven't beard folks tell How Jimmy Bludso passed in his checks, The night of the Prairie Belle. He weren't no saint—them engineers Is all pretty much alike— One wife in Natchex-nnder the- Hill And another one here, in Pike. A keerleas man in his talk was Jim, And an awkward man in a row— Bnt he never flanked and be never lied, I reckon he never knowed how. And this was all the religion he had— To treat his engine well; ' Never be passed on the river; To mind tbe pilot's bell; And if ever the Prairie Belle took fire, A thousand times he ewore, He'd hold her nozzle agin the bank Till the last soul got ashore. All boats has their day on the Mi&sissip;, And her day come at last— The Movastar was a better boat, Bat the Belle she wouldn't be passed. And so sbe come tearing along that night— Tbe oldest craft on the line, With a nigger squat on her safety valve, _ And her furnace crammed, rosin and pine. ilk fire bust out as she dared the bar, And burpt a hole in the bight, And quick as a flash she turned, and made For that wilier bank on the right There was running and cursing, but Jim yelled out. Over all the infernal roar, 4 1 I'll hold her nozzle agin the bank Till tbe last galoot's ashore." Through the hot, black breath of the burning boat Jim Bludso'a voice was beard, And tljey all bad trust in bis cuesedness, And knowed be would keep his word. AD6, snre's you're born, they all got off Afore the smokestacks fell— And Bludso'6 ghost went up alone In the smoke of the Prairie Bella He weren't no saint—but at jedgment I'd ran my chance with Jitn, 'Longside of some pious gentlemen That wouldn't shook hands with him. He seen his duty, a dead sure thing, And went for it tbar and then; And Christ aiut a goin' to, be too hard - On a man that died for men. 