SUMMARY OF NEWS. On Wednesday as Mr. T. Joyce of Gumeracha was attending to his threshing machine, his right hand was unfortunately caught, between the wheels, and dreadfully crushed before the machine could be stopped. He was immediately placed in a trap and conveyed to Dr. Wilkinson, who removed portions of the mangled fingers, and dressed the hand with lint and cold water. The sufferer was then sent to the hospital, where his hand was amputated the same evening. The patient passed a tolerable night, and it is hoped he will survive the injury.—Guardian. Some very good sport was experienced (says the Cleveland Bay Express) by Mr. P. Thistlethwayte, Dr. Oallaghan, and some others, who succeeded |in bagging an alligator. Mr. Thistlethwavte, who was standing on the verandah of Dr. Callaghan's cottage, overlooking the oreelc, saw an alligator swim to the oppo site bank. Mr. Thistlethwayte and Dr. Callaghan crossed over in a punt, and were joined by a fisherman. They managed to crawl within twenty yards of the alligator without disturbing him, and the fisherman, armed with a; shortgun, and Mr. Thistlethwayte, with a rifle, both fired ; the latter hit him just before the fore arm, and the reptile orawled three or four paoes into the water, leaving, his tail exposed on the bank. The three sports men rushed at and. seized the alligator's caudal appendage, and a most exciting struggle took place. The saurian made savage but ineffective attempts to bite his persecutors, who courageously stuck to his tail, while others beat him about the hoad with stioks until he gave up the ghost. . When it was ascertained that he was quite dead, he was towed across tho creek, and it was found that he measured nearly nine feet in length., ' Mr. Fi Seavright, a well-known amateur swimmer in Melbourne undertook and baokod himself to swim from the Botan ical-gardens bridge to Prince's-bridge in less than 43 minutes, the distance being a mile and a half. He accomplished the distanoe apparently without making any great effort in 38min. 59seo., thus winning tho match easily. One million two hundred and twenty sovereigns were issued from the Sydney mint last year. Sir James Martin has informed the Sydney Assembly that there was every probability of a prosecution being com monced regarding the Egan outrage. Fiji advices have been received 16 the 20th ult. The wet weather had set in, and a number of settlers were leaving the islands for Sydney, to escape the hurri cane months. Lawlessness was spreading. The Advertiser states:-"A private letter from Ilminster, Somersetshire, whore there is an endowed Grammar School, states that all the scholars are to become soldiers, They will be compelled to pay 6s. a year,, and bo formed into a sort of rifle brigade. All foundation schools are to havo something of this kind. The war has made England look alive, and her young men are to be a ? nation of drilled soldiers." A'girl of fourteen, named Hope, has just, been convicj'ed at Ararat for petty larceny. The local journal says:-Though oung in years, this child is old in crime. orae two years ago she robbed a little | ohild of a pair of new boots, and then threw her down a shaft some fifteen feet j deep. Fortunately tho child was disco vered, and its life saved, though the poor little creature was sadly bruised by its fall. A mournful spectacle was presented at the inquest on a man named Thomas Skelton, who poisoned himself at Murron last week. The residence of tlje family is some twelve miles from Birregurra, in the very centre of the bush, and situated in a valley a considerable distance from any other habitation. The building where the parents and 7 children were huddled together is a slab hut, of only one room, aud with no chimney, and here eight persons dragged a dreary existence, away from the society of human beings. The jury were unable to find admittance in the hut, and there being a large log outside, this was brought into requisition for the purposes of the inquest. During the time the evidence wat< being taken tho stench from the body of the unfortunate man was so unbearable that the whole party were compelled to close their organs of smell, and tho day being extremely warm, the piercing rays of the sun rendered the holding of the inquest a very great difficulty. The wife of the deceased also is almost totally deaf, and tills considerably delayed matters, white during her evidence, a baby in arms was piteously screaming. As a specimen of Australian life, the whole scene was heartrending, and as there is nothing remaining for the support of the family, they will no doubt become a burden on the state.-Colac Observer. . The Examiner mentions that " a cargo of over 2,000 bushels of wheat arrived at Warrnambool from South Australia on the 12th, imported by Paterson and Co., for the purpose of using with inferior wheat at the Merri Mills. The sample of grain from the neighbouring colony is Yery superior.'' ? , Severnl fires have taken olnce on the Glencush Farm, Warrnambool, on the 11th. It is supposed the fires were the wodi of an incendiary. A man named John Wilkinson and his wife have been committed for them. , A young man named Louis Rayment, a butcher at Belfast, Victoria, died on the 10th inst. from lockjaw brought on through a frightful wound in jus left hand made by a chopper which he was using. A woman named Foley pushed his hand in fun while he was using the chopper, and instead of entering the meat it cut off his fore finger and went deeply into the liaud between that finger and the thumb. Since November last the Warrnambool Meat Preserving Company exported 7403 cases of preserved meat, 598 casks of tallow, 1324 hides, and 4345 sheepskins. The Examiner says "each case is supposed to average 85 lbs.-weight of meat, which] would give the above as 629,255 lbs., and j presuming that it would realize, including mutton, beef, &c.;, at'the rate of 6d. per lb, the quantity given would show a gross return of £15,731, independent of tallow, hides, &c.;" It adds-" As an example to the spirit of enterprise which is rising up in Warrnambool it may be mentioned that the factory is now being supplied with tallow casus from a local cooperage at Melbourne prices-an expenditure of about £50 per week in this town that has hitherto gone into the pockets of the metropolitan coopers."' The Victorian Chief Secretary Sir James McCulloch, in reply to a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce, said that the Government would favourably consider any proposal to subsidise steamers running fortnightly between NormanTown, Queens land; and Sourabaya, Java, to connect with the Indo- European telegraph lines, pend ing the opening up of direct telegraphic communication with Australia. The contract of Messrs. Bolden & Dunn, for erection of a gaol at Hamilton, for £1.870 10s. was accepted recently. The following is the result of the first batch of Victorian elections :—" For East Bourke, Ramsay and Lobb; South Bourke, Crews and Ferguson; West Bourke, M. L. King, J. T. Smith, and J. C. Riddle; Gippsland South; Mason, beating Miclue the Attorney-General. North Gippsland, F. L. Smyth; Polwarth, W. Robinson; Mornington, J. McCulloch ? Grenville, Glarke, and Russell; Normanby, T, Cope; Ripon and Hampden, F. Longmore; South Grant, Cunningham, Hopkins, and Levien $ Eyelyo, Watkins; Dalhousie, C. G.Duffy; Dundas, McPherson; Wimmera, McBain. A sad case of drowning occurred at Port Adelaide on Wednesday evening. A lad named William White, residing at Brompton, went with # some comrades to bathe near the magazine, and got out of his depth, and, being unable to swim, was drowned, despite the efforts of his com panions to save him. A company is likely to commence a rail way in Western Australia, of some 25 miles length, upon concession of 256,000 acreB of timber country for 30 years, various con ditions being agreed upon. ' The ReY; liobert -Hainingf*who--~bas tot 80 years been pastor of a'Presbyterian Church in Adelaide intends retiring from active duties. An extraordinary feat in pigeon shoot ing is reported to have been performed lately at Bathurst, New South Wales. A Mr. Gambleton had backed himself to shoot 30 birds out of 50, with one-ounce shot, at 25 yards rise. He shot 30 out of 32 birds, the weapon used being an ordinary double-barrelled muzzle loader. t , , A very sad occurrence took place on tne 16th in Kapunda, Mrs. Hobby (wife of a man engaged in Mr. Adamson'.s yard, and who lives in one of the adjoining cottages) having cut. her throat very dangerously whilst labouring under a state of mental depression. She is in a very critical state. The Oawler Times hears on good authority that the quantity of land under crop in Grace Plains this season was 68,000 acres, and from this an average of over 13 bushels to the acre, or an agregate of a million and a quarter bushels of wheat are expected. The yield in, many other parts of the North is estimated as equal to that on Grace Plains. The Gaivlor Times is informed, on the authority of a private letter by the mail just arrived that the Princess Beatrice Her Majesty's youngest daughter, just 14 years of age-is engaged to the Marquis of Westminster, the wealthiest nobleman in England, said to have an income of a guinea a miuute. The civil servants of Now South Wales have deoided to petition- Parliament against the proposed reduction in their "salaries. The Ballarat Star gives the following brief account of the unfortunate case of fratricide at Egerton'" Avery shocking murdor was committed near Egerton on Tuesday evening. From what we learn, the two brothers Morrow of tho pre emptive section near Egerton, quarrelled about some electioneering matters, and dt length William suddenly drew a sheath knife and stabbed his brother James to the heart, anTdeath followed very rapidly. The brothers had been at Egerton during the day, and it is said were excited with the proceedings at the election, when they left to go to theiv home, about six miles away. Constable Gibson arrested William Morrow, who is now in charge accused of having caused his brother's death. This very lament able occurrence caused a wide-spread and painful sensation in the Egerton district, where both the brothers were well known. Recently the land known as Morrow's Estate has, largely increased in value, owing to rich yields obtained from the quartz reefs worked there, and many thought that the brothers were likely soon to reach very prosperous positions. The new tariff in Western Australia im poses a duty of seven per cent, on wheat, but admits flour free. , Auckland papers to the 4th inst. report that the King Natives held a large meeting, and. decided to declare war next month, Tuhukinu has stopped the Taurangi mail, and refuses to permit its continuance. The newly erected chaff-mill of gal vanized iron and wood belonging to Mr, Lumbers, of Glanville, was destroyed by fire on the 17th. The building contained machinery, harness, a quantity of hny and chaff, and bagging. Nothing1 was saved except the horses. Large numbers of persons were present, and the Blanehc sent a company of Marines to assist, but in spite of all exertions, # the building was completely gutted within an hour. Partly insured. A collision occurred on the Western Launceston Railway between a train of empty carriages and a ballast train. The tender ana engine of the latter were much damaged, but no persons sustained aD^Ir.^J. 1>. O'Halloran, late of the Civil Service, is about to proceed to England in the Orient, GAMBIEE WEST POUND.-Impounded -One bay mare, old and poor, branded like GM near neck, JT conjoined near shoulder. If not olaimed will be sold February 23,, 1871, by a Magistrate's order.-One white cow, slit in off ear, branded like 1 off rump; one roan and white heifer, like J near shoulder ; one dark roan heifer, like J near shoulder, J near rump; one dark roan heifer calf, no visible brand ; one red heifer, no visible brand. If not claimed will be sold March 10, 1871» at noon,-THOMAS WYNNIAT, Poundkeeper. We are constantly being told of late that the Teuton is to be the future master of the world. A German resident of El Dorado seems to consider that he is so already, as he has thought proper to print and circu late the following proclamation, which is animated by the very spirit of Count Bismarck .. - " Notice, - I hereby give notice that I will shoot, or cause to be shot, any man, woman, child, goat, pig, poultry, &c.;, found trespassing on my vineyard, or causing damage to my property. (Signed) Joseph Robert, All Nations Hotel, El Dorado. Feb. 13, 1871." / THE GEEMAN VIEW OP THE POSITION. -The gcnoral impression at Versailles is that the siege of Paris may drag on until January, and that some hard fighting may bo expected before Trochtt sur renders. It is regretted that the fighting at Orleans was not more deoisive, as there is still work for the Germans in that direction, whioh leaves the army before Paris without the support of Yon der Tann, the Duke of Meoklenburg, or Prince Frederick Charles. In the north and west General Manteuffel is quite able to hold bis own, but even he cannot de tach troops to Paris; so that the rumout'edj calling up of largo Landwehr. supports would seem to be justified by the position of affairs. The spirit of the German troops is excellent, tneir health very good, and with the aid of 200,000 Landwehr, they may yet be able to oarry out the whole programme of the German people. They must be batient, and must expect delay, as Prinoe has put forth efforts of which she was supposed to be incapable. ! THE Prussian lists of lossei during the war, as far as they have hjtherto been published, gives the following results: Killed and wounded-12 generals, 206 staff officers,2,691 subalterns, 909 ensigns, &c.;, 5,384. sergeants, Bub- bfficers, and trumpeters, 3 ohaplains, 100 surgeons and hospital attendants, 53,6^1 corporals, musicians, and privates ; missing-one staff officer, 25 subalterns,'; 15 ensigns, 193 sub-officers, 5 surgeons, 6,858 pri vates. This gives a total tyss of 3,935 officers and 67,013 men fori the twelve Prussian army Corps, the Landwehr, and the Baden Division. IN his negotiations with. Count Bis marck, M. Thiers required ttye besieging army to allow" the admission into Paris during the months' arrmstip'e of|84,000 oxen, 80,000 sheep, 8,000! ,pigs, 5,000 calves, 100,000 owt. of salt meat, 8,000,000 cwt. of hay and straw, 200,000 owt. of flour, 30,000 cwt, of vegetables, 100,000 tons .of coal, and 14,500,000 cubic feet of wood. All requisitions were meanwhile to be suspended by the Germans.' ONE regiment of Landwehr of the Guard, consisting of 2,400 inen, has left one company of 180 men, there are only eight men unmarried.. THE Chinese division of hqman life is interesting. The age of 10 is' called the opening degree; 20, youth expjred; 30, strength and marriage; 40, officially apt ; 50, error knowing; 60, cycle.closing ; 70, rare bird of age; 80, rusty : visage j 90, decayed j 100, age's extremity. Plourens* division is more scientific: 1-10 years, iafanoy ; 10-20, adolesoenoe; 20-30, first youth} 80-40, second youth j 40-45, first manhood; 45-70, second manhood; 70-85, first old age; 85-100, second ana last old age. . '. MOTHER," said a boy of six-years, " if God has any more babies to give away, don't you take 'era" How TO GET RID or THE PLAQUE OP PUBS.- The " Pood Journal" says that a little attention on the part of the pro prietors of dining-rooms would get rid of the evil of flies. In Belgium,the butchers use laurel oil on their doorposts and their window frames to such good 4 effect that flies will not enter the shops. Is not this hint worth taking. Da. RUSSELL writes I am in duty bound to declare that among the great personages at Versailles-Princes, Minis ters, diplomatists-there is not one who does not hold decidedly to the opinion that the English Cabinet is responsible for the present war. They say that if England had at once declared to the Em peror that in the event of ljis declaring war on ' the Hohenzolem pretext she would feel obliged to join with Prussia, the plague would have been stayed." GRAPES.-Grapes were first brought to England in the year 1555, and planted at Black-hall, in Suffolk, They were culti vated in Flanders, in 1276. The most extra ordinary grape-vine in this country is that at Hampton Court, which came from Hamburgh. It is above 110 feet long; at three feet from the ground the stem is nearly thirty inches in circumference, It is of the black Hamburgh grape, and the quantity it bears in some seasons 'exceeds 2500 bunches. 