NORTHERN NEWS. BOCKHAMPTON. Oub files are to the . 7th instant. Ac counts have been furnished to tbe 1 Aryttsoi theprogress of 'the Maxford . - copper minesof the most satisfactory character. For some time past opera tions have been very much arrested by the water; which could not be kept down by ordinary means, but this drawback has been overcome by the erection of one Messrs. P. N. Jtussell's newly in vented pumps, by which 1500 gallons pier hour, are thrown out ; it is sower, .ancl keeps the \- -4liafts perfeotly dear. At sixty 'feet ' 'deep the lode— of silver-grey ore — is three feet wideband has returned 60 -per -cent. -jf copper. . .There, are five ehafts, in every one of which the lode .«usts ; the existence of the lode has ieen proved for more than half-a-mile, ^arying in richness, but always being 4fa^ ayerkge thickness, with the walls of the / shaft as sound as bells. Had pumps. been employed' before very large quantities of ore would have been shipped via Broadeound (which is 40 mttesdistant) to Newcastle, where a geady market is found for every pound sent ; the average yield being 30 per cent, of copper. The same journal notices that the timber for the building of Messrs. -Berkleman and Lambert's Meat Pre serving' establishment arrived by the Thomas Day, from the Burnett, on Monday last. 1 'Some farther intelligence has reached this Bulletin with reference to a copper lode discovered about two months ago in the Gawarral district. The place is known as Mount Wharmister, and is gfytiated near the road between Cawar j^i;to^nBhip and New Zealand Gully diggings. The outcrop, which is about six-feet wide, 'Occurs on a spur breaking away from Berserker Range, and which isrosped by the main road. The dis covery was made by Mr. S. :N. Hill About two months ago. Since that time * shaft has been sunk to a depth of j^even fathoms, where a drive wjas com menced, and the lodeof mixed green 'carbonate and -black oxide struck four ieet thick. Ore is now being got out . . for ehipment to the smelting |Porks at ;? Newcastle, andwehope very shortly to be .tkijift position to give the results of the first-parcel. The estimatedlaverage return is eighteen per cent., and great. COnfidenceisexpregsedin theperbmnoncy of the lode. The place is easily? accessi ble, within a stone's throw of the main jroad. Thaproprietors' are Messrs. S. . N. Hill and P. H. Dodson. j '''V . ' ravknsWood. i The Miner reports that late -jrnshings -have turned out exceedingly well, and that mining matters as a. wholje haVe a . yary bright' aspect. Mr. Hadkptt j his-; «laim, Upper dunqg- the weekj i ; And: we hear of several protection arefes being taken np, some of which look well. r We hear that Mr. R. 8. Lord has par 'Jfe ' nffir' ? .. ? ? ? ? » ? chased on.e full share tu No. 1 South j Sunset, for £500 cash. The large quaif- , tity of stone raised from this and other | claims on the Sunset, since crushing, ^ Speaks volumes as to the reinimerative- ( ness of this line of reef. Mr. W. O. Hill 4 has purchased a' quarter share in 'No. 1 - north, Canadian — generally known as the ] policeman's claim — for the sum of £40 \ cash. j Escaped Prisoner. — The prisoner , Willis, committed for trial on the Morn ing Light salting case, and also on the , charge of having stolen Mr. Henry Bate- , man's watch, has made his escape while , being conveyed to Townsville. It ap pears that Willis — who, it will be re membered, was shot and wounded by Detective Barry as he was attempting to escape while under Mr. Barry's charge — pretended to be very weak and sick, and had to be carried into the waggon in which he was forwarded from here to Townsville. On Wednesday, when the party were camped for the night, near the range, about 20 miles from Ravens wood, he pretended to be very unwell, and persuaded the constable in charge to have him carried to a tree about thirty yards distant from the camp. The con stable chained the prisoner to the tree, and removed his handcuffs. In the morning it was found that the chain was I filed, and that Willis had taken bail, and was iion, est. Sub-inspector Murray, with some troopers and black trackers, started in. pursuit immediately on receipt of the ne\Vs of the prisoner's escape, but as yet' nothing has been heard of him. It is supposed he was assisted by accomplices. TOWNSVILLE. The following paragraphs are from the C. B. Express: — Some four tons of galena, the property of a Bowen firm, arrived in Townsville from Ravenswood, consigned to Messrs. 8\. F. Walker and Co., on Wednesday last. . It is, we believe, intended for ship ment to Sydneyfor the purpose of assay. It appears to be very rich, and we are in formed that it can be obtained at Ravens wood in hundreds of thousands of tons. There is no doubt that galena will even tually prove to be one of the most valu able resources of the district. A seizure of gold was made on the 7th ultimo, by Mr. Fahey, second officer of Customs, on board the schooner Princess Alexandra, as she was proceeding to 6ea. It appears that among her passengers was a man named John Hoare, who had recently arrived from the Cloncurry, and who was known to. have a certain quan tity of gold in his possession on which he had not paid duty. He denied having the gold when questioned by Mr. Fahey, who, however, instituted a minute search in the captain's cabin, in one of the lock ers of which he found 13ozs. 7dwts. of the precious metal, . which he thereupon seised as being forfeited to the Crown. The quartz -crushing machine imported from New Zealand arrived here on the 10th ultimo, by the J. G. Coleson.' It is imported by Messrs. Travers and Rob son, and is intended for Ravenswood. The machine is one of the most perfect of its kind, and consists of thirteen head of heavy stampers, to be driven by a 12 horse-power engine, by Messrs. Mar shall and Son, of Gainsborough. A valuable mare, the property of Mr. | Jackes, of Cardwell, was very severely injured on the 14th ultimo by an allisra- , tor. It appears that the mare, which was very fond of visiting the beach, was standing on the edge of the water on the day named, when she was suddenly at tacked by an alligator, who succeeded in reaching her head, from which he tore a great deal of flesh before she could get away. It is probable that the animal will have to be killed, the injuries she has sustained having been of a very serious nature. A gentleman recently arrived from the Cloncurry and Normanton has furnished us with the following information relative to these places, from which it would ap pear that the residents there are suffer ing considerably from the want of suffi cient police protection : — ' There are now only two constables stationed in the neighborhood of Normanton, one of whom is at the Native Police Camp, twelve miles away. The Cloncurry has now been opened for two years, and it is only a few weeks ago that two constables were sent there. In consequence of the absence of police protection, Lynch law was prevalent. The population on the gold-field is now estimated at 500 men, and all that is wanted is efficient police protection, and the appointment of a resident commissioner. There is still plenty of water at the old camp, where the sinking ranges from sixteen to twenty-five feet. Several new rushes have recently taken place to shallower ground, but operations are impeded in the absence of rain. A great deal of gold is supposed to be in the hands of the men who have been longest on the ground. There are plenty of rations to last for a considerable period. As re gards the administration of justice and protection to life and property, there has not been a police Magistrate at Norman ton since September, 1870, when Mr. Landsborough left off performing official duties. The nearest Justice of the Peace to Normanton is resident about seventy miles from the township; and the nearest Justice of the Peace to Cloucurry is dis tant no less than 230 miles from the gold-field. The Chinese have been hunted from the Cloncurry ; and, for want of police protection to Normanton, the storekeepers do not consider them selves justified ia forwarding supplies to that place. Altogether there appears to be every probability that the Govern ment will not take any steps to interfere with the Lord of Misrule in the Gulf country.' Some very good sport was experienced onthe 11th ultimo; by Mr. P. Thistleth wayte, Dr. Callaghan, and some others, who succeeded in bagging .jan. ^ligator^. Shortly afterlunch, rMr. Thistlethwayte, who was standing on the v.erandah'of Br. Callaghan's cottage, _ oveilooking._ the creek, savf an alligator fiwim to the oppo site bank, crawl opj and*vassuine a recoil, benf posifibn1 ' bif thie mud. ^ An expedi .jftnr & i^raig^buejl witfcTtiie yte«r of capturing or killmjg &e; Baurian . ^Mn Thistlethwaite and Dr. Callaghan crossed over in a punt, and were joined liy a ? . ~M»_: fisherman who lives on the south 'hank j of the creek. Directed by a person on t the north side, they managed to crawl within twenty yards of the alligator with- ( out disturbing him, and the fisherman, armed with a shot gun, and Thistleth wayte with a rifle, both fired ; the latter hit him just behind the fore-arm, and the reptile crawled three or four paces into the water, leaving his tail exposed on the bank. The three sportsmen rushed at and seized the alligator's cau dal appendage, and a most exciting struggle took place. The saurian made savage, but ineffective attempts to bite his persecutors, who courageously stuck to his tail, while others beat him about the head with sticks until he gave up the ghost. When it was ascertained that he was quite dead, he was towed across the creek, and it was found that, he measured nearly nine feet in length. His outside armour was covered with scars and scratches, as if he had suffered in various combats with his scaly brethren. It was not, therefore, thought worth preserving. The skull is kept by Mr. Thistlethwaite, as a trophy of his prowess. The body was boiled down by the fishermen, but yielded little more than a pannikin fall of oil. It is not often that such a chance is afforded of obtaining alligator sport in our creek. HAOKAT. The Mercury reports a public dinner given to Mr. J. E. Davidson on the eve of his departure on a visit to Engiand. The Mayor was in the chair, and about forty gentlemen were present. The for mal toasts having been given and duly responded to, the chairman, after dwell ing at some considerable legth npon the several gentlemanly . qualities of Mr. Davidson, and his services to the district in being the first to devote capital, expe rience, and energy in proving the capabi lities of Mackay for sugar-growing, con cluded by calling upon the company to ! drink the toast of the evening — ' Our Guest.' The toast was drank with three cheers. Mr. Davidson, who evidently appearad much affected, re plied in suitable terms. (Mr. Davidson reached Rockhampton yesterday per ' Tinonee.') Captain Hurley's fine schooner the ' Stormbird' is now being fitted to accommodate a number of Polynesians about to be sent away to their different, Island homes by the vessel, which has, we understand, been chartered to bring back other Islanders for service on the Plantations in the district. By a new regulation recently made' by the authorities, a Government officer pro ceeds in every ship bound to the South Sea Islands in search of labourers, and one of these inspectors, whose name has not reached us, has lately arrived in town and leaves with the ' Stormbird when she sails from the port. St, Lawbence. — The correspondent of the BvdJetin writing on Tuesday last, says : — The late rains have again flooded the Connors River, stopping all traffic at that point. Some forty teams are camped waiting anxiously for the water to fall. Mr. Hatfield, a townsman, has had a punt built, which he is to send away to-morrow, and should the charge for crossing not be too high, it will prove a considerable boon to the now idle teams. The rate of carriage from here to Clermont and Copperfield is £6 per ton, but as usual at this time of the year very little is offering. The Maxford Mine (copper) is at present un der a clond, having only two or three men employed. There can be little doubt 'as to its richness, the only wonder is why the proprietors, with copper rising in the market, do allow the mine to re main at almost a standstill. An unfor tunate girl the daughter of Mr. Wrann, an arrival by the ' Royal Dane,' was found drowned in the upper St. Lawrence creek the other day. It appears she was bathing and got into deep water and must have been carried away with the tide. 