"ON THE WALLABY TRACK/' THIS expression designates a peculiar phase of Australian life. It is applied to a class of men who contrive to exist in the bush without a home, and, in a great measure, without work -in fact they represent a portion of the community familiar to English minds under the generic name of " Tramps." They are to be found in the pastoral districts wandering from station to station, professedly in search of employment, and occasionally getting it no doubt, for sheep washing, shearing, wool-pressing, and other kinds of work peculiar to those districts have to be accomplished almost simultaneously on all the stations, and the demand for men at certain seasons creates the supply. But many of them are regular loafers, who never mean to do a stroke of work if they can help it. These are the men who full to repletion in all matters of "Colonial Experience"-they know not, perhaps, all that is worth knowing, but pretty well all that enables a man to live on his wits. They are up in every matter of bush life, and have passed through every phase of up-country danger and hair- breadth escape to which such an existance 'is liable. Our engraving depicts a couple of these loafers " OH the wallaby" at the interesting turn-point of their diurnal routine having approached astation, they have discussed the probabilities of a favorable reception, and are waiting for the darkness to set in before they put their expectations to the test. Their visit must be timed so as to reduce to a mimimum the chance of being advised to apply elsewhere. Accordingly, each has relieved himself of the burden of his " swag" and "billy," deposited his limbs, weary or not, as the case may be, with tramping, and tilled his pipe for a quiet smoke, till the twilight (if we may use such an expression in connection with Australia) brings the proper moment for making an appeal to the squatter's generosity when they see him, or the overseer; they will ask for work, of course, and whether they get it or not, they will invariably obtain leave to stay in the men's hut all night. They will also most likely get supper, and their breakfast next morning. Over a pipe as they sit round the fire in the men's hut they ascertain all the particulars they want to know in reference to the next station, such as distance, route, and disposition of the squatter, and are off after breakfast to pursue the same routine, day by day. Many squatters complain of the heavy tax which the feeding of these trampers imposes upon them : but there are two reasons for submission. In the first place, were it not for such a class of men how could the occasional work required on stations be done ; and in the next place, if the men were turned adrift without shelter or food, they might retaliate upon the squatter for his inhospitality by setting fire to his grass. Many are the wonderful "experiences" related by those " on the wallaby track," when, in the shepherd's or stockman's hut, the cornbeef and damper has been dispensed, and many a pannikin of tea has been dipped up from among the "posts and rails " in the billy. Ned has his stirring yarns about his adventures among blacks " away down north." Jim has been lost and found among the ranges, or on the plains more times than he can reckon up-and Jack is an authority on digging matters, having boen on most of the ' rushes. ' Hear him, as he takes a few preparatory stiff ' draws ' to ensure his pipe remaining alight, and then responds to the call of the company for a yarn-" Spin us a yarn, Jack." " Well, mates-I 'spose I'm in for a yarn, and the only way to get out of it is by telling it. Leastways, is wouldn't suit my notions of what's right and fair, if I sat here sucking in the pleasant tales as the company's told and then shirk my share of the matter. And it isn't that I haven't any yarn to spin, for I've had my share of mishaps from the time I tumbled out of the baby's cradle, until I took to rocking one'on the gold-fields -ay, and long since too, but it's the putting it in shape-that's where it is. Why, a man might have a splendid lump of marble, without having a ghost of a notion how to chip a statue out of it, or a big vallyable log of mahog'ny and be at his wits end to turn it into a chair-leg, and there I am ! That's what ails me. I ain't like them folks as swally a dictionary and then briugs out such fine works as frightens all the simple ones out of their conversation-and so my yarns does very well for a diggers' fire, when I and the rest of my mates sit round it, on up-ended wash buckets ; but don't do for every society. However, a man as does his best, can't do more, and that's me on the present occasion, so here goes ! What's the name of the yarn ? Well, as I got a pretty good dousing in the affairs. I call it. WASHED OUT ! ' I'm a digger, and have been for the last fifteen years, have been in all manner of places, and tried all manner o'mates. But on the occasion that I'm going to speak about, I was at a place that had as many ' aliases' as án experienced burglar doing a roaring trade. It was called Wallaby Flat, and Mimosa Creek, and Deadman's Hollow, and Stony Gully, and a whole bevy oí others ; but as it generally went by the name of " Stony" we'll stick to that. As to mates-at that time I had only one, a quiet, easy-going cove, named Ned Cameron, who was as hardworking a 'chum' as a man might wish for, and who, although he was as peaceable in general temper as a native bear (about as onoffensive a critter as I know on in Natural History), he was as strong as a steam-engine and tough as iron-bark. Near our tent there M:as a crusty kind of customer named Isaac Black, or, as the coves on them diggings called him, Black Ike. He was half a head taller than my mate, and as differeul from him in his disposition as a baker's town- made loaf is to a .damper.' He was a grumbling, growling, ill-jiatured fellow; has never had a Avord for mau or woman, chick or child, unless it Avas to suarl or swear at 'em. More than that, he workec by himself; lived by himself, and (the people on the diggings said), Avould die by himself, for they didn't believe any bod} located there AVould take the trouble to moisten his lips if h< Avas dying. I think the diggers on "Stony" liked him least because h< lived by himself. Not that anybody Avould have lodged witl him free-gratis for nothiug, but because it showed that suspicioi of his neighbours, and that distrust Avhich diggers never like How is it, that on all our diggings there is so little thieving ? even when to get at a man's vallyables it only needs to lift up ¡ flap or rip through a bit of canvas? I take it that peopl respect what Ave would call the very insecurity of property However, Black Ike took the trouble to build a house, as if hi had made up his mind to live there all his life, and to leave i to his children (if he ever had any) after him. He built it o rough blocks of stone, and surely he hadn't much trouble to fhn them on " Stony," It Avas only about eight feet square, bu Avas as strong as a jail, Avith uo windoAV, a great clumsy doo locked With a heavy padlock and chain, and a roof as stout As to the chimney, it Avas so narrow, that the thinnest man i; creation, if he had starved himself for five Aveeks, cóuldn' have crawled doAvn it. You'll Avonder how he got along by him self. Well, he had been 'fossicking' f or a good Avhile, and i Avas said he'd made a pretty good pile by it ; but he began, abou the time I tell of, to siuk a shaft, and then begot a miserabl half-Avitted fellow to help him to 'Avind up.' With all hi craziness, Ike's man must have had Avit enough to watch hi master, for one day when Ike knocked off for a spell, to go t the nearest grog shanty and ' spree' aAvay half a Aveek, as wa his custom ; somebody lifted a big stone out of his hut wall with a crowbar, and found Ike's "plant" in an old "billy," buried in the ground under the bed. Whoever it was, made a clean haul of it, and that was the last as was ever heard either of Ike's ' pile' or his man. When he came to his senses, and knew of his loss, it was fearful to see him. He raved and ramped about like a wild beast, and it was dangerous for any- body to go near him. With what little money he had, he drank until he got a fit of raving mad delirium tremens, and nobody dared go near his hut to do anything for him, except my mate Ned, who looked after the poor creature and gave him every- thing as was needful. I confess I didn't care to go near him myself, and perhaps that's the reason he took such a dislike to me. Anyways, when he began to move about again, he followed me about like a cat, and I never felt sure of my life. Well, just about Christmas time, we had such a share of wet weather that nearly all the lower claims were flooded, and we all had to take a spell. Many of the chaps humped' their swags to dryer diggings, and so lots of the claims got to be deserted. Ned and I had pretty hard work of it pumping ours out, and it was only on the afternoon of Christmas Eve that we were ready for work again. Now, the piece of ground Ike Black had pegged out, joined right on to ours, and we believed that he had been driving beyond his boundary-line and had got out a good deal of our wash-stuff, and so in the end it turned out. Well, on Christmas Eve, Ned said he'd jestjtake a pick and go down the claim to 3ee how matters stood for the next weeks' work, and while he was down I sat close by the windlass smoking my pipe. While doing so, who should come up but Ike ; and I saw by a strange glitter in his eyes that he had been drinking and meant mischief. He came and sat down by the side of me for a time, and was civil enough for a bit, until somehow he broke out about the robbery of his gold, and before [ was aware of it, grappled me round the throat and tried the strangling dodge, as if 1 had walked off with his "billy" full of nuggets. It's a ticklish thing to try a wrestling match on an old diggings, where the holes lie as close a'most as cells in a honey- comb, and so it isn't wonderful that, taking me by surprise as he did, he tripped me up before I was aware of it, and pitched me head-long down his claim. Luckily that wasn't pumped, and I fell into about seven feet of water. When I recovered myself from the ducking, I got into a kind of scoop at one side near the drive, where a good junk of earth had been undermined by the water, and standing on a boulder contrived to keep my lips and nose just above the level of the water. It was lucky I got into cover, for the crafty wretch began pelting great stor.es down the shaft, laughing and yelling with as much glee as if he was a school-boy " shying " a ta frog. Every time he threw down a bigger lump than usual, thc eddy of the water washed over my face, and I found 1 couldn't hold out much longer, when down came the villain himself, and you may tguess the commotion he made below. 1 lost my footing, and as he couldn't swim we grappled each othei like tigers. Over and over we went in the dark water, thal hissed and bubbled like a witch's boiler. He wound his arms around my neck as if I were being hung with a ship's cable, and he had fastened his teeth in-the shoulder of my jumper, whet suddenly I felt the water lessening. Ned had driven his pich into the end of Ike's drive, and the water was ^running llike Í mill-race into our claim. Some of the diggers who had beer watching Ike's antics at tho top of the claim and saw him fall in, had arrived with ropes, and 1 was pulled up, more dead thar alive. As to my friend Ike, he was found jammed in the muc near the end of his tunnel,. iuto which the suction had drawl him when the waters broke into Ned's claim." ON THE WALLABY TRACK.-SEE PAGE 154. 