CHAPTER XXXV. | MB. MONTEITH BEGINS TO UNDERSTAND. when Luke Boss received Yorke's letter, he went straight over to Billiter - square, and accused Austin in very plain terms of having been caught playing at that game popularly known as hide-and-seek. "You must have other embarrassments of which you never told me," he said "and so from this hour I wash my hands of you and your concerns." " Do not say that," Austin entreated; "I shall never be able to get through with out you, aud that was, after all, only a little trumpery three - hundred thing of Grahame's." "Grahame!" repeated Mr. Boss;, "you told me you were clear of him." " Yes, because he would not matter. So long as his banker's balance is the same as he makes it, he is not the man to concern himself with details." " And that bill" " Has been dishonoured. I have had notice of it." " Great heavens!" exclaimed Lake Boss; " the man does not live who could keep you out of Newgate." And, hearing this cheer ful statement, Mr. Friars thrust his hands deep down in his pockets, walked np and down the room, and. cursed the hour when he was born. "How much is there out altogether?" Luke at length enquired; but Austin had turned sulky, and refused the slightest information. "If you do not like to trust me," he said, "ft you make such a fuss about the merest trifles, and because you have helped me a little consider you are therefore entitled to treat me as though I were either a slave or an imbecile, you had better, as you say, wash your hands of me and my con cerns ; only since you undertook to drive my coach, it is hardly fair for you to insist on my taking the reins just as I am in danger of being upset." " Friars," began Mr. Boss, " when I said I would do my best to get you out of this mess, you assured me I knew everything." "And so you did—everything which it was needful for you te know," interrupted Austin. "And I have gone on and on, involving myself solely to keep you out of trouble, until now I cannot clear myself of you without asking lime from my own credi tors." " That was the reason you offered to help me at first," Mr. Friars remarked coolly; " you were so deep in you knew you must sink if I did." " You are an ungrateful hound," retorted Luke. " Oh, if you come to that"—began Austin; but the other did not wait to hear the fiuiah of his sentence. Angry with himself, mad at his own folly, cursing the weakness which had led him— even for her sake—to try and serve so mean and graceless a cur, Luke Boss walked back to Scott's Yard determined to face the state of his own affairs, and at any sacrifice close his transactions with Mr. Friars. At that moment he would have done much to recall his letter to Yorke, which he had hastily written before leaving his office, and posted in Lombard-street on his way to Billiter-square. Thg little piece , of self-exaltation at the close of that epistle, foreign to his nature, hnd been dictated by a variety of feelings. He wanted her not to feel that the money advanced to Austin was a serious loss or in convenience to him. He felt glad of the opportunity afforded to tell her the world had prospered with him; to prove he had been able to do more—much more—than keep his head above water. He had not meant to be vainglorious or boastful, but now, with a thorough consciousness of all the future might have in store for him, he could not help acknowledging that it had been very like saying, "See how ill he has done, and how well I." " And when she hears I am embarrassed, as hem- some day she must, what will she think of my statement?—not that I need care much now what she thinks about me, for no thoughts can place us further from each other than we are." All that evening and late into the night Luke worked hard at his books. He was no coward, and yet the result appalled him. His creditors might give him time—he saw no reason to doubt their doing so; but even in the best event he beheld nothing before him save years, long years of labour— labour which could bear no productive fruit for him, and which was required only to pay the debts of another man whom he utterly " And all for a woman," he said to him self, as he laid aside the sheet of paper on which he had jotted down the various sums for which he stood indebted, "who will never even know. It is very hard." And it was. But there are times in life when everything seems hard—harder than at brighter seasons—ana one of those dark hours was on Luke Boss then. Nothing in the world had he valued save for her; and now she was gone, and all other possessions seemed slipping from him likewise. Even bis good name ; for who would be lieve—who, not understanding the whole story—that he had risked so much without expecting to reap personal advantage. " It was not honest on my part," he con sidered; but then he had, spite all warning, trusted Austin Friars, ana this was the result. "Had he done wisely to quarrel with him," Luke marvelled, and then both judg ment and experience assured him he was right in striving, at the eleventh hour, to free himself from the burden of a man who, even when drowning, refused to say honestly the nature and extent of the weight he was carrying. Bearded evpn as an experiment, to quote Mr. Collis' idea, Austin had failed, and the man must have been little better than an idiot who, after Luke's last experience of Mr. Friars, had ventured anything further on his straightforwardness. "No," thus Luke finished his mental soliloquy; "thedfazefte, bankruptcy, beggary, rather than any farther pecuniary transac tions with Mr. Austin Friars." For a few weeks Luke pursued the even tenor of his way, without any event occur ring calculated either to change or hurry his resolution of asking his creditors to give him time. So long as even the ghost of a chance remained of his being able to meet his engagements himself, or of Austin being able to meet -them- for him, he resolved to struggle on, and occasionally the hope grew strong within him that perhaps Mr, Friars, finding there was no further help to be had fromhim, would seek it, and not unsuccess fully, from some one else. He was strengthened in this hope by the fact that, although he had written to Austin, pointing out the pain application for money, or, in fact, any .communication of any kind from him, must give Mrs. Forde, no answer came in return. He knew Mr. Friars well enough to be quite aware, even if the letter reached him, that he would gladly have seized upon it as a pretext for further correspondence, sup posing further correspondence could serve his turn, and therefore, when day after day passed by and brought no letter, Luke con cluded, not unreasonably, that another pilot had been found, who might, after all, bring the " Austin Friars" safe Into port. But in this he chanced to be mistaken; and he found out bis mistake when one morning Mr. Monteith, looking haggard and worn, entered his office and said— " I want to speak to you on a very serious subject, Mr. Ross; can you give me a quarter of an hour without interruption?", "Yes, if you do not mind coming down into my sitting-room;" and Luke first locked his office-door and then conducted Mr. Mon teith to that large apartment on the ground floor where Yorke surprised a family party on an Easter Sunday some three years pre viously. "Here no one will interrupt us," re marked Mr. Boss, bolting the door inside. " And now, what is it ?" "You know very well what it is," answered the merchant. '' I know you have been doing your best to keep disgrace from him—from us; but you might as well have saved your labour. Nothing can save Min or me." " How did you hear it?" Luke asked. " Why, he used my name as well." " For any large amount ?" "So far as I know at present,for over seven hundred ; bat what there may be yet to come, God only knows. That is not the worst, however." " What is the worst?" " A fellow of the name of Grahame has been with me, threatening to _ expose the whole affair if I do not make it worth his. while to hold his tongae. Now, Mr. Ross, I would pay any money if I could only be certain of the result; but uncertain as I am, utterly in the dark as to the amount for which he has used my name, I dare not even try to make terms. He may have got advances to the extent of thousands and j thousands; and, forgeries or the reverse, I shall have to be responsible. The whole | thing means social, commercial, and pecuniary ruin." " Ami it means just about the same thing to me," Luke answered. "What could you have been thinking about?" "You will perhaps scarcely credit my statement, but i believed him—believed he had told me the extent and nature of his liabilities; believed him to have yielded to sudden temptation; believed if I helped him I might retrieve both his position and my own, and the result is just what might have been expected." " Do you thinknothing can bedone in the matter?" "Not unless some one could ascertain exactly how he is situated, and even then 1 fear the information would come too late. The only course I can suggest is that you should consult his uncle, Mr. Collis. Hou might do so, though I could not." " Is it not a singular thing that his rela tions have held themselves so resolutely aloof ever since 1 unhappily became con nected with him ?" " If you refer to Mr. Collis, I think not. Friars, I know, tired him out years and years ago, as he has tired, and will tire, every human being who has ever anything to do with him." " Oh! my poor girl," exclaimed Mr. Monteith. "Does she know?" ventured Luke. "If she did it would kill her," was the reply. " Nevertheless," said Luke, " I am con fident she ought to know, for there can be no dopbt but that Friars will have to leave the country, and the sooner he goes the better." " What makes you say that ?" " Why, you are at the mercy of all sorts of people while he remains here. Were he once out of danger, you might almost dictate your terms." " Who is there to put him in danger ?" " Grahame, for instance; but he, you say, may be bought. His bankers, who cannet. Howe & Lovell, who will avoid publicity if possible. These we know of, and there may be a dozen more that we know nothing of now, but who may turn up at any moment." "It has broken my heart," Mr. Monteith said wearily ; "and to think that amongst all who knew him—all—there was not one to tell me the manner of man to whom I proposed giving my child." " I suspect there were very few persons who knew the manner of man Austin Friars really was, and those few did not consider it their business. Besides, supposing any one had gone up to Manchester-square, and told you everything he knew or thought about your daughter's lover, you would not have believed him: and it is just because people will not believe that men and women who know anything of the world never give advice nor carry tales." "Still, had I only known one tale—the outlines of which I jnst guess" "Please stop, Mr. Monteith," interrupted Luke, authoritatively. " We were talking about your son-in-law's pecuniary difficulties, and to me yon sball talk of nothing else." " Yon are right, no doubt; and yet" "And yet," finished Luke, "it must be as I say." Which decision was the more aggravating since Mr. Monteith had come to Scott's Yard determined to learn as much as he could in Austin's disfavour, and so steel his heart against him, "You advise me to consult with Mr. Collis," he said, after a pause, filled up with rather bitter thoughts ; but the position is awkward. 1 do not know Mr. Collis per sonally, although I know very well who he is." "I know him personally, and .will go round to Austin Friars and bring him to your office if you like." " No, thank yon; but if yon would not object to bring him here, I should be so mnch obliged. By the way, Mr. Boss, stop one moment, if yon please. Has it never struck you as being a little singular that there should be an Austin Friars a place and an Austin Friars a man?" "Never," Luke Boss answered quickly, because he gueBBed Mr. Monteith had. heard something. " But now that 1 suggest the idea ?" "I see nothing singular in the coinci dence. There was an Apostle once named Luke, bnt I cannot think it remarkable that I am called Luke also, though had choice been given me I should certainly have selected some other cognomen." _ " Mr. Boss, you are fencing with me." " Mr. Monteith, you have been trying to take me unawares. Now, let us be frank with each other. What is it you want to know ?" "Mr. Friars'history." "Yon should have enquired into that before you let your daughter marry Mm. Now that he is her husband, yon would be wise to—pardon a vulgar phrase—'let a sleeping dog lie.' I am going round now to see Mr. Collis, if I can. Supposing he be not in, at what hour would it be most con venient for you to meet him here this after noon ?" "May I say 5 o'clock?" suggested Mr. Monteith. " Any hour you please; but I hope I shall bring him back with me." And so Baying Luke departed, only to return at the end of a quarter of an hour without Mr. Collis, who was not in or expected in rill 3 or 4 o'clock. "I left "a note for him, however," added Mr. Boss, "and I have no donbt he will keep the appointment I made." With wMch assurance Mr. Monteith had to content him self. 