KM-LISU EXTRACTS. A Mirage.— The Scotch papers report a niirage at the mouth of the Forth on Sunday. The weather was remarkably warm, and in the. afternoon there was a dull deceptive haze. The sea presented almost the appearance of a mirror and the vessels upon it seemed to have a double reflection from the sea and the background beyon'l. At one time the masts and rigging seemed elongated to four or five times their natural length, and then in the course of a few minutes they were reduced so as to be' scarcely visible. At other times the vessels appeared to be sailing double — one ship in sea. and one in air. Extraordinary appear ances were assumed by the May Island, which rose and fell and changed to all manner of shapes in the course of a few minutes. At one time it appeared a perpendicular wull, rising to the height of several hundred feet, I and shortly afterwards it appeared to be flat ion the surface of the* sea. All the other ob jects that .came within the range of the re fraction,. .underwent similar changes, and the | illusion lasted with varying features for seveial hours. j Wills and Bequests. — Diinie Caroline Young. — The- will of Dame Caroline Young, relict of Sir^William Lawreuce -Yowling, Bart., ; M.P., for Bucks, who died in February last at her residence, Inverness-ten ace, fiaya water, i was proved under £4000. The Earl of West : raeutli. — The will of the Most Hon. George i Thomas Nugent, Marquis and Ear}/ of West ineatb, a p^er of Ireland, has. just been proved in Her Majesty's Court of Probate. The personalty in England was sworn under a : merely nominal sum (.£1500). His lordship ; died.May 5tn last, aged 86; and lias left an jonly daughter surviving, born 1814; his son, j William Henry Wellington Brydges Nugent, Lord Delvin, born 1818, died the year follow ing. The earldoru only is now inherited by Anthony Nugent, bora' 1832, captain 9.th Foot, eldest son - of his lordship's cousin, William Thomas Nugent (Lord Riverton). Mr. J. W. Finch.— The will of Mr. Jeremiah Waring Finch, of Duncroft cottage, Staines, Middlesex, who died in February last, was proved in London under £30,000 personalty. The will bears date 1868, and a codicil, De cember, ,1870. The acting executors are Waring Finch, Esq., his son ; and Leeds Paine, Esq., his son-in-law ; Charles Waring Finch, Esq., his nephew, an executor, having re nounced. The testator bequeaths to his son Waring, his freehold estates, a legacy of £8000,. and his books, pictures, furniture, horses, and carriages. To his son John he leaves his shares in the Leeds and Liverpool Ca'iiJirt Company, in addition to a legacy of £8000. He has left some small legacies to other relatives and to his servants ; to his servant Sarah White he leaves an annuity of £30. The residue he divides into three equal parts leaving one to each of- his daughters Clara, Louisa, and Helen. The RevV M. C. Tolputt: The will of the Rev. Martin Cramp Tolputt, formerly of En field, who lately resided at Hengrove House, near Mwtjate, was sworn under £f 4,000. It contains the following bequests: — £2000 to the Rev. John Mockett Cramp, of Nova Scotia, his cousin; £2000 to his' cousin, Frances Elizabeth, wife of the Rev. Gerard Lewis, of Napier Lodge, Cliftonville ; to the Society for ' 'i;;.! '.' 'i-.» ?-..:; ? ???? i- i . .? . .„ I' -.?- : ??' -;: i.:..-i( the Propagation of the. , Gospel in Foreign Parts, £100; to the, Church Missionary Society, £100; the Corporation of the Sons of the Clergy, £100 ; the Middlesex Hospital, £100; the Kent and Canterbury Hospital, £100; the Margate Sea- Bathing Infirmary, £100 ; the Margate Lying-in Charity, £50.; the. Hospital for Lying-in Women, Bel ton street, Long Acre, £50 ; the poor-box of the Police Office, Bow-street,: £25. The residue of his: personal estate and his real estate is bequeathed to bis cousin, R. H. Smithett, of Hengrove HoUse, barrister-at-law, who. is. ap- , pointed his sole executor. 1L The Swimming. Championship of England, which, with other matches, was contested on Saturday last at the. Welsh Harp, Hendon, excited a more extended interest from, the gallant exploit of the winner on the previous day. This hero of humanity, Mr. J. B. Johnstone, of Leeds, whose rescue of a gentle man from drowning, who had fallen over-, board from a river steamer, was duly recorded in last Saturday's Weekly Dispatch, was the ' cynosure of eveiy eye.' Despite the weather which was miserable* a north-east wind carry ing with it driving showers of ' bright, white cold rain,' there were thousands assembled at the lake shore. We pass the 100 yards handicap, won by W. E. Robinson, of the Alliance Swimming Club, from thirteen com petitors, and also the valuable and amusing illustration of ' The Best Method of Saving Life when in Peril of Drowning,' as illustra ted by Mr. Burr, the supposed victim, and Mr.. Critchton, his clever rescuer from a watery end. There was also, a 440 yards handicap, swum by nine hardy watermen. The order of the leading men on reaching the landing stage was as follows : — Mr. J. B. Booth, of the Ilex Club, 1 ; Mr. W. D. Robinson, of the Alliance, 2 ; and Mr.. Henry Moore, of the London, 3. Comiietent judges on the ground, asserted that had it not been for a foul, number three might have had th« place of number one. The culminating at traction now catrfe in the shape of the cham pionship, tor .which the seven entries had dwindled to two competitors — Mr. Henry Parker, the amateur champion of 18.70-71, and the hero of the London Bridge leap, Mr. J. B. Johnstone, ot Leeds. The lake was covered with bouts filled with cheering people. For the first fifty yards the swimmers kept pretty well yardfti-ro and yurdarm, then John stone begun to forge ahead until he was a dozen lengths in advance. As the flag-boat was approached, however, the amateur set additional sail, and perceptibly diminished the distance between him and his powerful leader. After the flag was rounded for about ten minutes, so wide apart were the swimmers it was, almost impossible to say which was lead ing, and the excitement of the sporting por tion of the community was loud and ludi crous. Hats were wildly waving in the air, and boats falling foul of each other, by cuuse of the skilful skulling and steering of the cockney sailors, -vere filling, to the no small delight of the timid portion of the occupants. About halfway home, Parker, being seized with cramp, hailed his boat and was taken in, whilst Johnstone continued his course, and, after a final spurt, landed at the platform amidst the plaudits and congratulations even of those who had lost money on the match. Isle of Man. — Death of a Manx Eve. — The Manx Sun reports an inquest at Douglas on the body of Mis3 Jane Christian, 70 yeats of age, better known as ' Elijah ? Christian, the Woman in the Wilderness,' who, with her two sisters, has occupied the Laburmm cottage for the last seven or eight years. One of the sisters died some time ago, and now there is one of the three left. The deceased died from natural causes, and the jury returned a 'verdict accordingly. ' Elijah,' the elder, some years ago, set up a new Garden of Eden at the foot of Snaefell, and, in company with a man named Garrett, assumed the dress and imitated the habits of our first parents, but either that this northern climate did not stilt their new mode of life, or from some other cause, they voluntarily quitted their new found Paradise, and returned to the ways and dwellings of more civilised life. The Desperate Encounter in a Railway Carriage.— It will be recollected that in October last a very extraordinary affair o'c curred on the Midland Railway. M. Emile Devilliers, a marble merchant of Brussels, was travelling by the train from Peterborough to Leicester, due at the latter place at 9.50 p.m. He was the sole occupant of a compart ment of a second-class carriage until arriving at Mantbn, where a man entered the compart ment. M. Devilliers sat in a corner of the carriage apparently asleep, his head resting on bis 'hands. While in this position he was suddenly aroused by a blow on the head, and found his fellow- passenger standing over him with an up-raised bludgeon. A fierce struggle ensued, and the assailant was said to have endeavoured to use a revolver. Shulton ultimately escaped by the door, and although identified as a native of Egleton, and as hav ing worked upon the line, all efforts to dis cover his hiding place failed until Monday morning, when he was identified by the son of Inspector Clarke, of the county constabu lary, at the railway station, Leicester, whence he was -f about to start for Derby to join a regiment of artillery, into which corps he had enlisted on Saturday last. A borough police nfan, ..who was on duty in the neigh bourhood, was immediately communicated with, and the fugitive — whose name, it appears, is Shelton— was at once arrested and conveyed to the police station. On Tuesday morning he was brought before the Melton Mow bray magistrates, and gave the name of John Henry Shelton. He is also charged with breaking and. entering the farm house of John Barnet, of Wyfordby, and steal ing a brooch, and a bowie dagger knife which he threw out of the railway carriage. He was remanded for a week, but it is not expected that the case will then be gone into, as the police, who have been iu communication with Mr. Watt, Nottingham, the qgent of the pro secutor, find that M. Devilliers is not in Eng land, and, though he had been telegraphed \to at Brussels, no reply has yet been received. Distribution of the Navy.— A half yearly return, showing the number of her Majesty's ships and vessels in commission, and their total complement of seamen, boyB, and marines, states that on the 1st October, 1870. there were on the China station 25 ships, with a total complement of 3669 ; East Indies, 7 ships, with 1336; Australia, 5, with 1071, the Pacific, 10, with 2050 ; South-East Coast of America, 5, with 507 ; Cape of Good Hope, 11, with 1100; North America and West Indie?, 23, with 3394 ; Mediteranesn, 16, with 3254 ; at . Plymouth, 13, with 1470 ; Ports mouth, 19, with 1980; Sheerneae,i 3, with 573 ; Woolwich,!, with 88; Pembroke, 1, with ? .tii:y:rxrtjri '' -;-;-'^ k-s :-''uj..: rail 45 ; Ireland, 4, with 311 ; squadron of evolu tion, 8, with 4?O4 ; :on particular service, 1 6- with 5375 ; on surveying service, 5, with 270 ; unappropriated and fitting out, 6, with 1288; under orders to be paid off, 1, with 72 ? sta tionary Bhips, yachts, &C.;/3, with 156 ; coast guard service (including drill ships for the naval reserve),' 27; with : 4337 ; exclusive of 25 coastguard tenders, late cruisers. The .total is 209 ships and vessels in commission, with' a complement of 36,280, seamen, boy's, and marines. Twenty years before, in 1850, the numbers were 213 ships,, with 33,241 ; but ia the interval circumstances have caused great variation in the amount of force, and in 1855 there were' 267 ships in commission, with a complement of 65,989; and, again in ,1860, 305, with 64,959. The return shows also that in October, 1870, there were 15,001 coastguard men and marine's serving ashore, and men in steam reserves and disposable supernumeraries at home ports, and there were 2,834 boys training at home ports, and 611 in receiving ships at home ports. There were 279 ships and vessels in reserve, excluding ships building, vessels lent for charitable and other purposes, watch vessels, coastguard ten ders, and yard craft. An explosion occurred ac Cremorne Gar dens on June 5, in the final scene of the 'Siege of Strasburg.' As the night was fine and a large company present, the pyrotechnist, Mr. Wells, was anxious to produce additional scenic effect, and several extra-loaded barrels, together with an increased number of bpmb . shells and rockets, were placed under the bridge. Owing to an accident, during the very hottest of the siege, and while some of the men were engaged iu the sham-fight upon the bridge, several of the barrels of gunpowder and a number of bombs caught tiro prema turely, and went off with a terrific explosion before the men had time to get out of the way. The bridge blew up, and in the explosion several of the men were blown a considerable distance, amidst tbe hearty cheers of the spec tators, who said it was the best representation of the siege they had ever seen, not knowing, of course, that an accident had occurred. No very serious injuries were sustained. Seeing the effect produced the management should make arrangementa for blowing up a number of dummies in the final scene. The result would, doubtless, be electrical. A Sensational Novel Condensed. — The Ltuly Selina Sedilia sat gazing on the gilded mausoleum which contained the remains of the Lady Felicie Sedilia, whose spirit haunted that portion of the manor of Sloperton Grange known as 'Stiff-uns Acre.' Au aristocratic young man falls on his knees before her, 'And, oh ! Edgardo, can you still love me 1 Would you still marry me in spite of the dark mys tery which surrounds nje? In spite of the fatal history of my race? In spite of the omi nous prediction of my aged nurse 1' 'I would, Selina,' and the young man passed his arm round her- yielding waist. Tlio two lovers gazed on each other -with bliss unspeakable. Suddenly, the Ludy Selina started. ' Leave me, leave me, Edgardo, leave me ! A myste rious something — a fatal misgiviug — a dark ambiguity — an equivocal mistrust oppresses me ; I would be alone.' The young man arose and cast a loving glauoe on the lady. ' Then we will be married on the seventeenth.' 'The seventeenth,' repeated Selina, with a mysteri ous shudder. They embraced and parted. As the clatter of hoofs iu the courtyard died away, the Lady Selina sank into the chair she had just quitted ? 'The seventeenth,' she repeated slowly, with the same fatal shud der. ' Ah ! what if he should know that I have another husbaud living 1 Dare I reveal to him that I have two legitimate and three natural children 1 Dave I repeat to him the history of my youth 1 Dare I confess that at the age of seven I poisoned my sister, by put ting verdigris in her cream-tarts — that I threw my cousin from a swing at tho age .of- twelve?' That the lady's-maid who incurred the displea sure of my girlhood now lies at the bottom of the horsepond 1 No ! no ! he is too pure, too good, .too innocent, to hear such improper con versation !' and her whole body writhed as she rocked to and fro in a paroxysm of grief. But she was soon calm. Rising to her feot, she opened a secret panel in the wall, and re vealed ft slow-match ready for lighting. 'This match,' said the Lady Selina, 'is connected with a mine beneath the western tower, where my three children are confined ; and another branch of it lies under the parish church, where the record of ray first marriage is kept. I have only to light this match and the whole of my past life is swept away !' She ap proached, the match with a; lighted candle. But a hand was laid upon her arm. She is threatened by the spectre of Sir Guy, that if she murders her children they will haunt her. 'I fear them not,' said Selina, drawing her superb person to its full : height. ' But what place are they to haunt?' asks the ghost plaintively. 'The ruiu is sacred to your uncle's spirit. Your aunt monopolises the park, and, I must be allowed to state, not un frequently trespasses upon the grounds of others.; The horsepond is frequented by the spirit of your maid, and your murdered sister walks these corridors. To be plain, there is no: room at Sloperton Grange for another ghost;. I cannot have theui in my room — for you know I don't like oliildren. Think of this, rash girl, and forbear ! Would you, Selinai' said the phantom mournfully, 'would you force your great-grandfather's spirit to take, lodgings elsewhere ?' Lady SeHna's hand trembled; the lighted candle fell from her nerveless fingers. ' No,' she cried passion ately, 'never!' and fell fainting to the floor. ...... Edgardo soliloquises and departs. ' If she knew all ; if she knew that I were a disgraced and ruined man, a felon and an out cast 1 If she knew that, at the age of four teen, .1 murdered ray Latin tutor, and forged my uncle's will — if she knew that I had three wives already, and that the fourth victim of misplaced confidence and ray unfortunate pecu liarity is expected to be at Sloperton by to night's train with. her baby. But no! she must not know it.' .... Thereupon he con sults the i murderous Burke*the slogger, who agrees to smash the expected - express. The ruffian is, however, killed himself, and removes a load of care from Lady Selina's breast He wan her first husband ! The bridegroom then: makes other arrangements for: the death of his fourth wife. The happy, pair are. about to be. United, when Lady Selina's youngest girl, wan dering in play, touohes the fatal spring, and the whole cfram.pm. are literally 'blown up.' At exactly two o'clock, on the seventeenth, Rupert Sidilia, who had just. returned from India, iwas thoughtfully defending the hill towards . Sloperton Manor. ' If I can prove that my aunt Lady Selina was married before my : fatja*r, died/ 1 can. establish'; my claim to Sloperton Grange,' he uttered, half aloud. He paused, for a sudden trembling of the . earth beneath bis feet, and a terrific, explosion, as of a park of artillery, arrested his progress. ' At the same moment he beheld a dense cloud of smoke envelop the churchyard of Sloperton, and the western tower of the Grange, seemed to ba lifted bodily from its foundation.: The air seemed filled with falling fragments, and two dark objects . struck the earth close to his feet Rupert picked them up. One seemed to be a heavy volume, bound in, brass. A cry burst from his lips - — 'The parish records.' He opened the volume hastily ; it contained the marriage of Lady Selina to ' Burke the Slogger.'. The second object proved to.be a. piece of parchment. He tore it open with trembling fingers. It was the missing will of Sir James Sedilia. . Natatou before the .Magistrate. — On Wednesday afternoon, a somewhat extraordi nary scene occurred on- London-bridge, in eon sequence of a man who is known to the public as ' Natator,' and is a professional swimmer, having announced that he would leap from the bridge at low water. It appears that Natator, having heard of the fame of J. B. Johnson, who recently saved the lifo of a gentleman' named Peters,- when he had fallen .from a steamboat in the river, assumed that the inci dent had been prearranged, and sent a letter to Johnson, offering to join him in a similar performance. The proposal being declined, Natator determined: to carry out hi* project alone, and accordingly issued a number of handbills as follows : — ' Leap from London bridge. — Public Notice. — Natator, the Man Frog, late of the Cirque Napoleon, Paris, Cre morne-gardeus, -fec, will leap from' London- bridge, centre arch, precisely at 4 p. in., on Wednesday, 14th June, 1871. Natator will arrive at the exact, moment, and trusts the public will in no way cause an obstruction to the : constituted authorities. Boats ' will be available from every pier, and should anyone have the misfortune to fall into the water, Natator will be happy to rescue him. N. B. Boats will please keep clear of the centre arch during thft descent of the diver.' Although but a short notice was given, several -hundreds of people assembled on the bridge by the time named in thft bill, ttnd large numbers waited on the wharves in hope of seeing the promised feat. The police, however, had taken' steps to prevent the exhibition, Major Bowman, with inspectors Harrison and Tillcock, and several officers, beint; on the spot before Natator arrived. About four o'clock, the rain de scended heavily, and, there being no appear ance of the diver, the spectators began to think they had been hoaxed ; but about twenty mi nutes afterwards, a, young man alighted from a vehicle, and was quickly divesting himself of no overcoat, when ho was seized by the police. This was Natator, who wore under the overcoat a tightly-titting swimming suit Some difficulty was experienced in removing him from the bridge, as the crowd demanded that he should be let alone, and the pressure became so great that the police had to put him into the booking-office at Fish-street-hill, and guard the door until further assistance had been obtained, when he was removed to Seething-lane station. On arrival there lie was charged with being on London-bridge with intent to throw himself into the water and commit suicide, and also with disturbing the public peace by causing a large crowd to as semble. In the course of the evening he was admitted to bail. On Thursday, a showily dressed young roan of twenty-three, who gave the name of Victor Natator, was brought before alderman Lusk, M. P., charged with being on London-bridge with intent to throw hirn.ielf into the Thames. Polioe-constable Uoddard deposed that he was on the bridge the previous afternoon, where a great crowd had assembled, attracted by a handbill, that a man would jump from it into the river, at four o'clock. Shortly after that hour the de fendant arrived in a cart and began to undress in the cart, which had been drawn up on one side. He undressed and ran towards the para pet, upon which witness, acting on instruc tions, took him into custody. He begged the witness to allow him to jump over, as he wanted, he said, to show the public ' how Johnson had gulled them.' At the station he was charged with being on the bridge with in tent to commit suicide — (a laugh) — and also with causing a crowd in obstruction of the thoroughfare. The police-inspector of the di vision explained that the tide was very low at the time, and that it would have been ex tremely dangerous for anyone, however good a swimmer, to have leapt over. The defendant, in. answer to the charge, said he had ' done 115 feet before,' and wanted to show that he. could do what Johnson — who thought himself a big man — had. done, and with respect to whom he could not help thinking there was a little bit of 'Yorkshire.' (A laugh.) The defendant added, amid renewed laughter, that he could sit, drink and smoke under water — in fact, he lived under water. He repudiated, the notion of intending to commit suicide. Mr. Alderman Lusk, after telling him he had better not do it again, ordered the defendant to enter into his recognisances in £20, to keep the peace for six months. Corporal Punishment in the Navy. — In the years 1867, 1868, and 1869, corporal pun ishment' was ordered to be inflicted on 238 1 seamen, 66 marines, and 4 boys ; but the pun ishment was remitted in'the case of three sea men and one marine. . The great majority of the orders were given by the captain or other officer commanding ; 30 were by court-martial, and the rest summary. The offences of the men were as follows : — Theft, 45 ; insubordi nation, ' 203 ; disgraceful conduct, 9 ; deser tion, 23 ; drunkenness or smuggling , liquor, 20; fighting, 2. Of the 274 men sentenced summarily; 25 were in ships whose' comple- ment was 25 to 60, 38 in ships of 60 to 120, 34 in ships of 120 to 250, 127 in ships of 250 to 830. The court-martial punishments com prise one in a ship of the class between 60 and 120 complement; 7 in ships of 120 to 250;; 22 in ships of 250 to 850. Our National Strength.— The Times re marks that ' there is, as a matter of fact, no single demand of alarmists up to a recent date which has not been conceded: ' First, the en rolment of the1 militia' was; asked, and the militia was enrolled ; then, the Augmentation of -the artillery, and the -artillery was aug mented j then, the establishment of a volun teer force, and a volunteer force was estab lished j-^astly,' the- maintenance of a -powerful home urmy, and, the home array to be main tained, in compliance with snob. requisition, will comprise, exactly three time .as, many: British' soldiers as ? the Duke of Wellington had at Waterloo. . What more is to be put upon ua under the penalty of rain at' a fort night's not jeff, , we do not know. .' We. have, certainly read dissertations and, , arguroenia, from which it would seem thai bur duty wrb ! ? ~ . ,_;. ,. -. ...: . . . '''' _ . tit-, obtain , immediately, at any price, the !; largest possible army, and to seize the first- : pretext of any kind for employing it against ? any other Power at the earliest possible oppor- ' tunity, and on those terms, no doubt, we are' considerably in arrear. But if there is one thing clear from recent .debate's, it is that Ministers have gone quite far enough ; and if there is another thing certain, it is. that foreign Powers have by no means that con tempt for our strength or that desire to attack us which it pleases some people to assume.' A Royal Thief. — There is a curious story going the round of the gossips just now, sug- ; gesting the plot of a well-known opera. The Empress Augusta of Germany has for some months past been greatly troubled by the continual disappearance of her jewels. There was no member of her household whom she could suspect, and- the police found themselves completely baffled. The thief turns out to be, not, indeed, -a magpie, but a little child one of the children of bur own Princess Royal, and who had taken a fancy for the ornaments,, and had requisitioned them in behalf of her numerous fumily of- dolls. — Leeds Mercury. ? -'? Cost of the Volunteer Force. — A par liamentary return issuec' on Tuesday shows that the total sum expended upon the volun teer force in England, Scotland, and Wales fiom April 1, 1870, to March 31, 1871, was £841,650 6s 8d. Of this tbe estimated cost of pay of adjutants and sergeant instructors' ' was £156,136; the actual charge for capita tion grant, £256,527 lls 4d ; and the value of arms, ammunition, -fcc, issued to the Volun teers, £428,986 15s 4d. A Bov Communist. — The Figaro says that it can vouch for the truth of the following incident of the insurrection : — ' At a barricade in the Rue du Temple, which was carried by the troops, a boy of about 15 was made prisoner. The action was hot. The soldiers ' were in all the exaltation which follows so important an action. The prisoners did not capitulate ; they had taken arms in hand, and must die. Such is the law of all war, even civil war. The turn of the boy comes The .soldiers push him against the wall to finish him. He requests to be allowed to speak to the captain. The captain advances and asks what he wants. ' I would like,' says the boy,, drawing a watch from his pocket, ' to carry this to the porter across the street. He will know to whom to give it' The captain, who ever in the powder fever sees only a child in the insurgent, divines the naive subterfuge of : the poor little urchin. ' Go, and make haste, says he trustingly. Tho soldiers understood their officer, and proceed to deal with the other prisoners, when suddenly, and running as if he had some urgent business to transact, the -ioy reappears, places himself before the soldiers; his back to the wall, and says, ' Me , void !' The captain looks at his men, ths men look at their captain; all are thunder struck. Then the captain advances angrily to the boy, takes him by the shoulders, deals him a blow with his foot, and hisses into his ear, 1 Go, boy.' ' The Art op Billiards. — The Paris cor respondent of ' Land aud Water,' writes :— ' Whilst you have your Cook, Roberts, Ac, in Eugland, we have here a wonderful school of professors of the art of billiards. I was present the other evening at a sceance given by M. Faure-Nicolay, who has several times play-sd before the Emperor or rather knocked the balls about to amuse his Majesty. M. - Faure-Nicolay commenced his entertainment by playing all three balls from baulk and lo t after they had struck every cushion they can- ' noned. His powerful and his gentle merne strokes (strokes made by striking down on the top of the ball) were' executed with mar vellous dexterity and precision. The professor would either masse back the whole length of the table, or masse round a hat placed in the centre of the table. By this I mean that be would place the red and the spot balls in tho right hand top corner of the table, and playing from the left hand bottom corner would cannon by passing round the hat without touching a cushion. Some of these strokes require not only skill, but force of wrist; amongst the gentle vutsse strokes I may describe the fol lowing : — Draw a circle tho size of the crown ' of your hat on the table with a bit of chalk, place the three balls in a line in the centre, and playing with an outside ball, cannon with out uny of the balls leaving the circle. M. ' Faure-Nicolay does this with the greatest ' ease, and strokes more wonderful still, which would be difficult to describe, and must be seen to be believed. ' He plays not only with a cue, but with his hands and even his now, - and whether using cue, hands, or nose, the . balls appear to obey some irresistible force, and to be under the most complete control.' Coloring Pipe's.' — There is a good deal to'b*'1 said for coloring pipes as a moral exercise. If a' man become* a fanatical colorer of meerachaum*; - the worst result, will be that he will, perhaps,.' smoke rather more tban is good for him. HU ; fate might have been incomparably wone; h«, might have taken to politics or philanthropy, and tried to do good. Ho might, that ia, h'»v» spent his spare'momenta in talking nopiema or in demoralizing the poor; Nay, he might haft'1 . descended to be a member of Parliament, and J have .added to that torrent of. talk which; threatens to, overwhelm us entirely. In abort, he might have taken up with any of the in numerable hobbies of the offensive variety wbith stalk rampant about the country to the annoy-' ance of quiet people. How rmibh better tn*' quiet pursuit we have indicated! Indeed,'*' spread of the habit might effect a great moral change throughout the country. If Mr. tiUd-i stone,, when heis about to make an imprudent; speech, felt: the importance of sitting down^ quietly for half, an hour, and giving bu, mind to the colour of his pipe, how much better chance lie would have of securing torn* useful second ''thought*. He may be uid- to use Homer' for a similar purpose ; but; such studies act M an irritant, whereas pip**-, colouring produces a far more healthy and, sedative effect. The performer must ba' calm, contemplative, and philosophical. There an times for coloring meersobauma, as there are times for thundering in senates : and without A': due mixture of bobby-hunting the world would' be intolerable. Whether the pipo-oolouriof I should be the apeoial pursuit selected mtiit; 4ft» ; pend upon ,the idiosyncrasies of the particuljM, subject ; but the choioe of some such amtiaen»pjt.{ 'may be' strongly rcommended to the attention.' of all, those restless, uncomfortable people wn--!' - do not understand the supreme importance of* doing nothing. The: pleasure- taken away fo- such .an arbitrary, pursuit shows how eaiUy tn*- habit of attending to trifles may be encouraged by judicious practice,, and an absorbing am uMmeukr created by way of opntratt to the wearisome diihf charge of solemn duties. ? ' ' '' 