THE COMIC HISTORY OF AUSTRALIA. By Punch's Patent Historian. illustrated by walker chalks, r. a. Book II. chapter IX. — Facts about Bourke, and facts that cannot be Burked. After an interval of two months, during which Colonel Pat Lindesey kept the vice-regal seat warm, and took the chair at public-meetings, the new Governor came out. His name was Richard Bourke, and he was a Major- General, which was considered a very gratifying circumstance, though for mv own part I never could see that there was any danger of any Governor being a minor. Though one or two of those functionaries were a little behind the age, we never had one that was under age. However the colonists were very glad to see Bourke ; they were pleased with him and all belonging to him— with his name, his rank, his looks, and his manners. Bourke was worthy of their regard. Though he certainly followed Darling, he was, as a ruler, very far before that gentleman. He was very liberal — in his ideas ; had very extended views — when he got up into St. James' Steeple or climbed a high wall ; possessed a good principle — safely invested at profitable interest ; and was determined at all risks to earn his salary. He experienced a cordial welcome from the colonists. It was his first sample of Colonial Experience. It gave him a head-ache -the cheering was rather noisy— but it went to his heart, which was a remark - " . I- J ? ably large one, and stayed there. General Bourke brought out with him amongst other good things Mrs. General Bourke, who seems to have been his commander- in-chief. The public resolved in the iirst place to hold a meeting — which they j were always doing on the very least provocation — and in the next place to make the Governor a present. They gave him a very valuable address. It was, they said, "a token (a paper, not a copper one) of esteem." Bourke took it with emotion and subsequently handed it over to the housemaid who lit the fire with it. His Excellency having wiped away his tears went to meet the Legislative Council, the poor old souls of which body were of course much gratified with the new Governor. They were gratified with every Governor. Bourke met them in their chamber and said he was very glad to see them — by which, I suppose, he meant to express satisfaction at the excellence of his eyesight. "Well, what shall we do to amuse ourselves," said Richard, taking a pinch of snuff. "Anything to suggest, old bucks, eh?" ' Notion at all, said the hon. Sinner Lick-spittle, with a low bow. "There aint such a thing as a suggestion in the Council," said another old ghost with a red nose and a pair of spectacles. " We don't make 'em here. " "Ah, I twig," said his Excellency, "you import them. Good. Just cast your eyes over these," added he, offering the old fogies a bundle of documents. The Council cast its eyes upon the papers accordingly and luckily without damaging its eyes by the operation. " My 'notions, gents." "Delighted," said the Council in a chorus. "Measures, tape measures I may say, ha ! ha 1 ha ! red tape measures " Ha ! ha ! ha ! Good ! " roared the chorus in a burst of approval. " For Colonial Improvement. You'll pass 'cm of course ? " said Bourke with a smile of conscious power. "Oh of course," said the Council with one voice, or rather with one phrase divided among twenty or thirty voices. The Governor had no trouble with those worthy councillors. While he was ready to serve the country they were ready to serve him and servo themselves, and in fact act as the colonists' general servants. Fortunately Bourke was a good man, and his acts were to match. The bills which he laid before this council were such as the country would readily endorse and they were generally honored at sight. passing a measure. I All these things he brought out from England with him ; but I believe he left a very fine manor behind him. bourke's commander-in-chief. i going to his heart. 