MEMORIAL .SERVICES ON THE DEATH OF BISHOP PATTEB80N. The following it w - outline of-a disoourie delivered by the Rev. W. Chalmers, at St; Paul's Church, Kyneton, on Sunday evening last .— \- Text: Acts vii, 55,56, But he (Stephen) being lull of the Holy Ghost, looked up stedfastly into Heaven, end saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God, and said. Behold, I sea the Heavens opened, and the Son of Man standing on the right hand of God." In connexion with tbe narrative from which tbe text is taken, two points were noted. First— That St. Stephen was the £rst martyr of the Church; and, secondly, that he is the only martyr concerning whose end the Word of God gives us any particulars; and hence it was argaed that as St. Stephen was in Buffering and ' patient «nduranee the tyji - of the " noble army" that were to follow him, so ' doubtless was he in respect of Divine supernatural. censplatioas ,*mid the pains of death'; These consolations, as set forth in -the text, ware then dwelt npon at some length, and particular attention was drawn to the fact that they wero bestowed altogether apart from human instrumentality. In his condemnation and death St Stephen was alone with Ged. Like his Divine Master before him, human helpers lie had none; no friendly voice was uplifted to bid him play the man, no friendly arm was outstretched to give him snecoar. The eyes ef his flesh rested upon no friendly countenance, but the ey«s of hit seal were opened, and he saw what ordinary saints only bear «f by report. Alone, like St. Stephen, Bishop Patteson was called to die. Alone, and anarmed, he landed on the Island of Nnkapu, an island he Jiad often before visited in safety, and was •ever seen again till his mangled corpse, coffined is a canoe, was sent adrift by those who had murdered him, to tell its tale 0! blood to tbe orphaned little flock that were waiting his retarn on board (he mission schooner. Alone, like Stephen, he departed from a world of pain to be with Christ. From what we know of him,—his meekness and gentleness, his love for souls, his Christ-like zeal for their salvation,—we may be sure that his last words would also'be those of prayer— of prayer for his murderers—" Lord, lay not this sin to their charge." Of prayer for himself—" Lord Jesus, receive my spirit." Surely then we may believe that, as life ebbed out, the comfous'of Almighty Grace were i not denied him, that to him who in these whieh oheered the dying Stephen eighteen centuries ago, were also vouchsafed. " Sight dear in the eight of the Lard is the death of His saints." The leading partioulars of tbe lamented Bishop's career were then sketched. At bis consecration in 1861, the toils and danger? of his fhtnre work were forcibly pointed out in & passage which-was quoted from the sermon preached on the occasion by his Metropolitan, tbe Bishop o£j New Zealand. Snowing that Melsnesians could only be oonverted to the faith of Christ by means of Melanesians, his aim was, out of the rude material which he gathered together into his mission school, to train up Christian believers who to their blinded countrymen might become in after years apostles of the churches and the glory of Christ. Dangers and hardships were necessarily endured, but the work prospered apace, till a few years ago, the so-ealled " labour ships A sent forth by Christian Englishmen, to supply the sugar and cotton plantations of Queensland with eheap native laborer*, began their nefarious work among tbe islands of Polynesia. In many instances they are little better than "slavers," the captains and crews, the vilest and most nascrupulous of mankind. Some ef their captains, the Bishop himself has told us, dared to use his name to entice the ignorant, but trustful savages, on board their floating prisons. The Bishop long ago foresaw and foretold thB icore&sed; dangers that were gathering round his work through Ihe villany and treachery of his own countrymen, and the end we see in his mangled corpse floated out to sea l>y those who had taken bis life, Touting their hatred on him who had dene tbem good, because L he was of the same race as those who. had done them ill. The white slavers, not the black savages, are his real murderers. God grant them the grace of repentance! Better to die with him than live with them. ".Blessed are the dead* which die in the Lord." Fools may count his life folly, and his cud to have been without honor. How is he numbered among Ihe children of God, and his lot is. among the saints. God grant that as 1400 years ago, the bloody gladiatorial shows of the Roman Empire were j for ever, put an «nd to by the self-sacrificing deatb, of the monk Telemachus, so may this new accursed trafiSo in the eouls and bodies, of men, persisted in by Englishmen in this 19 th century of Ckri8tiancivi!zatiob,be«raBhed:by^ nant nation ihroughiha iharijr-like death of tbe koly Bishop Patterson. With a brief practise! exhortation, -the sermon ended. At the conclusion of .service "the Dead Match in Snl" w&i; pl&jed.; In all the Anglican Churches, oa Stutday, reference was was made, in ,the. several'"<liscoursec,- to the' sad and untimely death of Bishop Patterson.,. At St John's (Melbourne), the Bev. G. W. Torranee, the incumbent of the church, preached a shortcut' touching sermon from the Aet(«f .the Apostles, chap. 7. verselx : —"And his kneeled down and cried with a loud voice, ' Lord, lay _ not this sin to their charge.' And when be had said this iie fell asleep. — At St.'" Mary's, Hotham,' the fiav Dr'Bromby preached, taking for his text the 9th and 10th verses, of the 18th .chapter .of . Acts—"Thea spake the Lord to Paal in the night, by a vision, ' Be. not afraid, but speak, and hold not thy peace:'- ' For I am with thee, and no man shall hurt >th'ce—for I love much the people-in-tkis city. :,J '—The Bev. M. H. Becher preached at St. J&mes;' Cathedral, his. text being, 1st Phillippians, chap. 1", jod*verse. "For to me to livje, is Christ, and to die is gain."—^The cerviees at St. Peter's, Eastern Hill, were in memoriam of the ^ate BiihopTatterson, recently killed at the iiland of §Ute Craz, in the South Seas. The pulpi? «nd Reading, deak yrere draped in pruple clpth, ,eopbroidered with 1 lacred emblenOs, and over " the commnnion *bl* >ir^:itl» , !WO!jdB, '' ffaithful unto death,' displayed on a porple ground.. The choral portion of the servise in the morning consisted af J the " Te Deum," Nares* in F, and for the "Besedictus," Garrett in £. The anthem was a composition by Dr Goss, " Brother, thou art gone before us;" consisting of four verses for bass, solo, and choir. As an introduction, Mr J.Summers, the organist, played the " Dead March in Saul," and as an opening voluntary, a funeral mareli by Beethoven, both of which added to the solemnity of the service. The hymns from the "ancient and modern,' version were appropriate to the occasion, the lines— " Like Him, with pardon on Mi toagae Ia midst of mortal piln, He prayed for them who did the wrong. Who fallowed in his train." 