A New Cock- Lane GBost fFrom the New York Time; Xau S.J There have recently been doings in Wayne County, Ohio, as marvellous as any that ever frightened Cotton Mather, or mystified Dr. Johnson. In the little city of Wooster there lives a quiet and respect able family, named Hoffman, which for nearly two years has been haunted and tortured by malignant SDirits. The persistent demons cannot be entreated or exorcised away ; and their proceedings bear, a like close resemblance to thosa of divers familiar imps oonjured up by modern spiritualists, and to those of the famous Oock-lane ghost of a century ago. The mysterious pranks 'hat afflict the Hoffman family were begun in June, 1869, while the family lived in Millersburg, Holmes County, .Ohio. At that date by way of kejnote or prologue te the weird drama to come, Mr. Hoffman one day lost two dollars from his purse. He did not at first attribute this to any fc-;vt-Jiic or supernatural agency, although he felt subsequently called on to do so. Prudently resolving to hide his money more carefully in future, he went his way. But put his loose cash where he might, the cunning depredators spied it ou and relieved him of it. The poor man soon fouud that it was abso lutely impossible to keep any funds about him at all ; and this was only the beginning of his woes. Articles ot food and of dress began to.disappear in the same unaccountable way. Crockery fell from shelves without the aid of human hands, and was smashed to pieces. Stones, eggs, and other small objects were tossed wildly about the house ; and now and then the unseen tricksters got up a little shower of gravel and ssnd, which would be playfully thrown in the faceB of the inmates. The family were at first very naturally surprised and annoyed ; after wards they got alarmed, and having unsuccessfully tried every means that occurred to them, both to discover the cause of these visitations and to put u stop to them, they resolved to quit their home. Mr. Hoffman took another house for his wife and three children the latter being aged twenty, seventeen, and fifteen respectively — in the town of \Vopster, at some distance from their former abode ; while, with the discretion that appears to characterise him, ho took up his own temporary quarters at a mill where he was employed. The family now hoped to remain unmolested ; but they soon found to their chagrin how trivial were the impediments of space or locality to their malefic attendants. Tho prudent Hoffman, indeed, escaped furlher attentions ; bnt his spouse was less fortunate. That lady and her offspring being domiciled- at the house of one Snooks in WeBt Liberty-street, Woostor, now became the victims of an extraordinary series of persecutions. The clothes of the mother and eldestdaughter were first abstracted and then returned in fragments, having been cut and slashed to pieces. Sometimes the garments would be stuffed in outof the-way places. One day, for example, most of tho linen of the family was discovered carefully packed in the mouth of the cellar drain. Another time a silk dress was found under a wood-pile ; and skirts were dug up that had been deliberately buried in earth or sand. A fresh leature was now added to the entertainment, in the shape of notes that arrived, none knew from whence, although they sometimes appeared to be thrown from the cellar. These mis sives contaimd various threats and admonitions. One of the number advised Mrs, Hoffman, in a friendly way, that if she would come down thocellar stairs backward on her knees, at a specified day and hour, she weuld find a box containing 2000 dollars. The worthy lady was anxious to clutch the glitter ing prize, but, ' being nfraid of bodily injury, was dissuaded by neighbours from making the hazardous attempt.' It occurred to her, not unreasonably, that the task might le more wisely undertaken by her husband ; and she therefore repaired to that cautious person at his mill, and induced him to go with hor to WooBter. The spirits, however, at this juncture, promptly transmitted another note to the effect that no one could poembly gel the money but herself ; and we are not surprised to hear by the latest accounts that it has not yet been secured. By way of amends for this disappointment, the concealed powers have begun a new and lively round of diver sions. Poundings are heard on the walls at night, stones from the size of pebbles to that of a man's fist are pitched through the doors and windows, dishes rattle, and 'a general rumpus is created, as if imps were holding high revelry.' A buld young man, a visitor, having said something disrespectful of tho unseen agencies, a red-hot stone waB dropped on his head ; and, on taking out his pocket handkerchief, he found it was cut into shreds. AU sorts of mysti fications are practised. Mr. Hoffman, for instance, answered one of the 'spirit notes,' and put his reply in the cellar; but just as he got upstairs into the room above 'his own note dropped on the floor by bis side — all his family being present.' The family are now quite Impoverished by the thefts and other ravages of their demoniac tormentors. Mrs. Hoffman and ho, daughters have no clothes save those worn by them daily on their bocks ; while the husband and father has only a single worn old working suit left to him.. Nearly all the domestic uteusilp, such as plates cups, and saucers, and even the table cutlery, have been either broken or carried away. Of course the obvious suggestion is that all this mischief has really betn wrought by cunning mortals, and cot by spirits at Jill, and that, as with the artful William Parsons and bis family in 1761, discovery, if long averted, must be cerium at last. The local press declares that most c«rcful~ wntuh has been kept, and list hundreds of men and women have visited and inspected the premises without being able to suggest any clue to the mystery, fxvcrtil clergyme n and physicians have investigated it, and a circle of pro fessed spiritualise have likewise tssnyc/d to do so. As vet no li^lit whitteve lias been thrown on the matter and, so far as the postponement of detection goes this Ohiu jrhrfit must ceitxinly be ul!o-vei to surpass in cunning bis prcdocosfor of Oock-iiTio, whoso ma: vtllously perplexed the wiBe heada of last century. 