ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; Last Saturday night Mr. J. B. Howe, of whom report had 6poken favourably, made his first appearance before a Victorian audience at the Theatre Royal. Mr. Howe has come to this country by way of California, and it was not a circumstance entirely in his favour that he was supposed to be an American actor. For, as a rule, we have reason to be the reverse of enthusiastic about American actors, especially those of the tragic persuasion. But Mr. Howe is a nativeof London, and though he has passed some years in the States, he has, happily for the world, not ac quired the American manner of exaggeration He is an intelligent, discerning actor, with a great many good qualities, and fewer faults than the average. The impression prevail ing on the general mind before his appearance was, that his specialty inclined to melo drama ; that he was, in fact, another version of Mr. Clarance Holt. But he is very much more than a melodramatic actor. It re quires something beyond the " King Cambyses vein" to make Hamlet acceptable to a Melbourne audience, and it is no de parture from the truth to say that his "Hamlet" was unanimously acceptable to the very well-filled house of Saturday night. Not indeed that mere applause is to be taken as the indisputable evidence of merit, for we have had "strutting and bellowing" actors applauded to the echo on the Melbourne stage; but there is an appreciable difference between the fierce championship which shows itself in defiant claqueurism, and the steady acclamation of a whole house tho roughly pleased. It is not that Mr. Howe's "Hamlet" is singularly striking, or markedly original, or stroDgly impressive by reason of excep tional personal qualifications. But it has the negative merit of being greatly free from those defects which the mechanico conven tional tragedian forces so prominently upon the attention. It is possible that Mr. Howe has not studied the character in that philo sophical spirit which prompts the student to approach, it as the really psychological problem it is. He hardly justifies the suppo sition that he has subjected it to minute analysis before deciding upon the method most proper to represent it It is, how ever, most certain that he has not permitted himself to be a mere reilex of other actors in the character. If he has not thought it ont deeply, he has, nevertheless, thought carefully, and he has used his own intelligence in preference to being guided by the dogmas of custom and routine. His success is the more to his credit, in that he has derived no aid from the extraneous cir cumstances of personal advantage. He is below the middle height, his figure is spare and angular, and his face is hard-featured. But he has a deep and even rich guttural voice, his articulation is pleasingly clear and distinct, his pauses and emphasis are admirably timed, and his movements, though not strictly Bpeaking graceful, are carefully subjugated to the necessities of cir cumstantial expression. He has obviously had a long and thoroueh stage training, and he therefore does nothing at random. Never theless, though the evidences of previous discipline and preparation are clearly recog nisable, his acting is free from that stiffness which your automatic actor cannot conceaL He comports himself with an absolute ease, and, what is especially to be commended in him, be forgets the audience, and thus greatly helps the audience to forget the actor, and remember only the character. In his make-up, he offers further proof of his disposition to abjure the traditional Hamlet of the stage. He wears the long flaxen hair which Mr. Fechter first made conspicuous, on the English stage at least, and his dress consists of tire loose flowing robe that harmonises so much better with the presumed period in which Hamlet lived than the comparatively modern Charles I. dress introduced by John Philip Kemble, and so long looked upon as an essential accessory of the part. Taking what may be presumed to be his estimate of Hamlet's mental condition, as gathered from lus manner of representing the character, be looks upon him as a " mind o'erthrown/' but not shattered. In, the much-debated question of Hamlet's madness, therefore, he would have argued in favour of Hamlet's sanity, with just such an amount of mental disturbance as to render him fitful and eccentric, and just so much craft as to ex aggerate his eccentricity for the purpose of compassing a particular end. This idea Mr Howe consistently works ont, and the result, therefore, presents itself as a whole, and not as a disconnected series of eplsodal repre sentations. At the same rime it must be remembered that the play of " Hamlet" is invariably mutilated in the representation, so that, as acted, it is too inoomptete for the purposes of psychological study. In the ghost scene on the platform, the predominant feeling in Hamlet's mind is made by Mr. Howe to appear that of horror. With some actors, the passion of grief is allowed to dominate at this juncture, and with others we fin<j.i\ burning desire to be revenged upon the fratricide. Mr. Ho we's mode of dealing With the situation has un questionable warrant for its correctness! although it is equally open to take another view of the possible effect of the ghost's com munication. Be produces a considerable im presrion hy starring back at the first word uttered by the ghost,'but as the narration pro* oeedshe uuoonsciousiy sits upon the edge of a parapet, and listens wonderingly, as if hii »r, fo| interest in the recital of the murder, a while, overcame his honor, but when the .ghost waft him to revenge his father's "foulunnatural murder," he starts from hu eeatinaneostasy of what may be regarded oq a combined ieeUnglof horror and indignation. In speaking the words "Oh! ray prophet^ soul, «j nn^H he sometiiing mars the effect by an over-boisterous manner, but he makes a good point at the exit of the ghost, by following him a few paces, and then sink ing upon the steps of the platform. He might improve the subsequent interview with Ho ratio and Marcellus by restoring, as Mr. Bandmann did, the whole of the apostrophe to the ghost Mr. Montgomery, it will be remembered, gave significant point to the passage, " There's ne'er a villain dwelling in all Denmark but he's an arrant knave," by pausing at the word ^Denmark, and looking significantly at Horatio, as if to say that the communication he was about to make bail best be reserved exclusively for his ear. Mr.Howe adopts the ordinary reading,and so misses an advantage that might as well be secured, as it involves no interferenfce with the text, and is justified by the subsequent confidence reposed by Hamlet in Horatio, and in him exclusively. His interview with the players is extremely good, but this also might be improved by the adop tion of the less formal manner practised by Mr. Montgomery, who, it will be recollected, had the table and chairs placed at the side of the stage, as if he were sitting in judgment rather as a critic than a prince. The great soliloquy is something too hurriedly de livered. It requires a dreamy, introspective manner to give it full effect. Mr. Howe, however, varies the customary mode by sitting during the delivery, and by holding in his hand a dagger, as if his meditative thoughts had interrupted him in the very act of attempting suicide. The notion is at any rate ingenious, if it does not greatly add to the effect The scene with Ophelia is much too hurried, even admitting the excite ment natural under the circumstances, and lemembering Hamlet's indignation at^what he regards as the complicity of Ophelia in the espionage practised upon him by the King and Polonius. In the play-scene, Mr. Howe quite unnecessarily pulls off the King's robe as he is escaping in his alarm. The closet scene is well managed, and a powerful effect is produced by Hamlet's falling upon the ground close upon the ghost's exit through the picture. The fencing scene is of toler able merit, but its merit would be the greater if Mr. Howe would learn the correct attitude in which to stand. As his faultiness in this particular, however, is far from singular, the improvement here suggested may be adopted by a good many beside himself. - la the dying scene, Mr. Howe exhibits the peculiarity of turning his back to the audience and falling into the arms of Horatio and Osric. It | is at any rate a novelty, and it bas the recom mendation of helping to group the figures more compactly; but it deprives the actor of such exhibition of facial expression as he may desire, and be able to combine with the situation. Mr. Howe does not indulge in any of those eccentricities known as "new readings," but he commits some inaccuracies in the delivery of the text, which be would do well to correct. For example, he says "swoop" instead of "sweep to my revenge," "Lethe's wharf "in stead of "Lethe wharf," "love and friend ship" instead of "love and friending," a " good hissing carrion" instead of a " god kissing carrion." " escape a whipping" instead of "'scape whipping," "if you do mouth it" instead of " if you mouth it, " "crooked be the pregnant hinges of the knee" instead of " crook the pregnant hinges of the knee after "while the grass grows," instead of going on to " the proverb is somewhat musty," he interpolates the words " the steed is —" In the sentence " Do you think I am easier to be played on than a pipe ?" he makes of it "a common pipe;" instead of "whenyou are desirous to be blessed," he says, "when thou art desirous of being blessed," thus spoiling both rhythm and metre. He says, " upon his back hath he borne me a thousand times," instead of "he hath borne me on his back;" to the words, "to this favour sbe must come," he adds "at last," and to "shoot my arrow o'er the house," he equally unnecessarily adds "house-top," in this case also marring the metre. These faults indeed may be regarded asnot seriously grave ones, but the pardon able jealousy with which any liberty with the Shaksperian text is regarded renders it im perative to point out to Mr. Howe the desira bility of his scrupulously adhering to the words of this author atanyrate, however in different he may feel as to the exact text of any other. As Mr. Howe's performance is in other particulars distinguished by so much merit, this indication of his faults will, there is no doubt, be received by him as the expres sion of a wish that his acting of the character should become all the more meritorious. Little remains to be said of the manner in which the other characters were played. They were mostly in familiar handa the principal exception being the Opbelia of Miss Edoniiu If not very impressive, Mira Edouin was at least pleasing, and her acting sug gested a power of being able by study and practice to make much more of the part than up to this time she bas permitted herself to make. The tragedy has peen played all the week, with the exception of last night, and to-night Mr. Howe appears in the of Richard the Third. On Wednesday, the Weston Min^^ jg. turned to what may be regarded as their nor mal habitation. Their popularity appears to be undiminished, and for an fopportunity of spending a couple of boura most r»«—"t1y without the necessity of any mental effort tb«y are strongly to be commended. If, bow ever, Mr. Weston could by a vigorous effort put down the nuisance of encores he would pleasfc everybody but a oeit∈ section of in tractable boys who applaud, notastheerpres f100 f*"* derive, bat solely to exhibit that offensive for which they are so disagreeably remarkable. V 