ELECTION DODGES. (By ak Observer.) I seldom take much interest in the municipal elections, but the Romish dodges now so glaringly prominent compel me to draw public attention to their little games now actually before the electors. I am not going to make s any yams, but merely to lay open to public View, the plain facts. All I want is the public to look at the daily papers and judge forthcm- elves. First we will take "Gipps Ward," in which there are nominally three candidates. Two of these are Protestants and one a Papist — Linsley, Thurlow, and Hurley. Now the little game , here is to split the votes of the Protestants so as ,to weaken both, that the Papist, by all his people voting for him alone, may go in. Now Thurlow is put up by the Papists for thf very purpose oj . splitting the votes. In common parlance own, . he is being made a scapegoat — thatis, he is used. :for their own purposes till they want him no longer, and has not the ghost of a chance of .going in; but the Papists gain their endsbjy .weakening Linsley, who will however go in if the Protestants and their party do their duty . and vote for him alotu, . and thereby upset the Papists' little giune. Thurlofi&s; candidAUire is . only a dodge of the Papists. ,, . Next is Denison Ward— Alderman Murphy has represented this ward for four years. Now . the Papists put up another Murphy — this is so . barefaced that the electors have only to vote for Alderman Murphy — then there can be no mis- Now we come to Brisbane Ward. In this . ward there are three candidates — Alderman Day, . Field, and Yeend. The Papists are supporting Yeend, while Field, in this instance, is the . Bcapegoat, in the same way as Thurlow fbut some are so blind and puffed up that they can't or won't see it). The contest is really between Day and Yeend — Field thrown in to weaken Day's votes — so be on the look-out. Now I only wish to show the electors, who won't, don't, or can't take the trouble to inves tigate these little dodges— the Papist's rosy .little games; and if I have created in them a little energy to take more interest, and judge for themselves, my aims are gained. 