?.....'. f ~ -THE'HirSTEBY OP -- : [By Chableb Dickens.] Mrs. Crisparkle'u sister, another piece of Dresden china, and matching; her so neatly that they wouli have a delightful pair of ornaments for the two ends o any spacious old-fashioned chimneypiece, and by right should never h«.ve been sent apart, was the ohualera wife of s. clergyman holding Corporation preferment m London City. Sir. Honeytliunder, in his public character of Professor of Philanthropy, had come to know Mrs. Orisparkle during the last.re-inatchingof the ohina ornament (in other words during her last annual visit to her sister), after a public occasion of a philan thropic nature, when certain devoted orphans of tender years had been glutted with plum buns, and plump bumptiousness. These were all the antecedents known in Minor Canon Corner of the oomiug pupils. ' l am sure you will agree witn me, mi,' saia air. Crisparkle, after thinking the matter over, 'that the first thing to be done, is, to put these young people as much at their ease as possible. There is nothing disinterested iuthe notion, because we cannot be at our ease with them unless they are at their ease with us. Now, Jasper's nephew is down here at pre sent : and like takes to like, and youth takes to youth. He is a cordial young fellow, and will have mm to meet the brother and sister at dinner. That's three. We can't think of asking him, without asking Jasper. That's four. Add Miss Twinkleton and the fairy bride that is to be, and that's six. Add our two eelves, and that'll eight. Would eight at a friendly dinner at all put you out, Ma?' 'Nine would, Sept,' returned the old lady, visibly nervous, ' My dear Ma, I particularise eight.' 'The exact size of the table and the room; my dear.' So it was settled that way : and when Ur. uns parkle called with his mother upon Miss Twinkleton, to arrange fer the reception of Miss Helena Landless at the Nuns' House, the two other invitations having reference to that establishment were proffered and accepted. Miss Twinkleton did, indeed, glance at the globes, as regretting that they were not formed to be taken out into society ; but became reconciled to leav ing them behind. Instructions were then despatched to the; Philanthropist for the departure and arrival, in good time for dinuer, of Mr. Neville and Miss Helena ; and stock for soup became fragrant in the air of Minor Canon Corner. In those days there was no railway to Olouterham, and Air. Sapsea said there never would be. air. SSapsea said more ; he said there never should be. And yet, marvellous to consider, it has come to pass, in these days, that Express Trains don't think Cloisterham worth stopping at, but yell and whirl through it on their larger errands, casting the dust off their wheels as a testimony against its insigni ficance. Some remote fragment of MaiajLine to somewhere else, there was, which was going to ruin the Money Market if it failed, and Church and State if it succeeded, and (of course), the Constitution, whether or no ; but even that had already so unsettled Cloister ham traffic, that the traffic, deBorting the high road, came sneaking in from an unprecedented part of the country by a back stable-way, for many years labelled at the corner : — ''Beware the Dog.' To this ignemuueus avenue of approach, Mr. Cri sparkle repaired, awaiting the anival of a short squat omnibus, with a disproportionate heap of luggage on the roof — like a little elephant with infinitely too much castle — which was then the daily service between Olokterham and external mankind. As this vehicle lumbered up, Mr. Crisparkle could hardly see anything else of it for a large outside passenger seated on the box, with his elbows squared, and his hands on his knees, compressing the driver into a most uncomfort ably small compass, and glowering about him with a stronclv marked face. 'Is this Cloisterham ?' demanded the passenger, in a tremendous voice. ' It is,' replied the driver, rubbing himself ns if he ached, after throwing the reins to the ostler. ' Aud I never was so glad to see it.' 'Tell your master to make his box seat wider then,' returned the passenger. 'Tour master is morally bound — and ought to be legally, under ruinous penal ties—to provide for the coinfort of his fellow-man.' The driver instituted, with the palms of his hands, a superficial perquisition into tho state of his skeleton ; which seemed to make him anxious. 'Have I sat upon you ?' asked the passenger. ' Tou have,' said the driver, as if he didn't like it at all. ' Take that card, my friend.' ' I think I wou't deprive you on it,' replied the driver, casting his eyes over it with no great favour, without taking it. ' ' What's the good of it to me ?' 'Be a Member of that Society,' said the passenger. ' What shall I get by it ?' asked the driver. 'Brotherhood,' returned the passenger, in a fero cious voice. ' Thaukee,' said the driver, very deliberately, u he got down ; ' my mother was contented with myself, and so am I. I don't want no brother.' ' But you must have them,' replied the passenger, also descending, ' whether you like it or not. I am your brother.' ' I say 1' expostulated the driver, becoming more chafed in temper; 'not too furi The worm will, when ? ' But here Mr. Oriaparkle interposed, remonstrating aside, in a friendly voice : ' Joe, Joe, Joe ! Dou't forget yourself, Joe, my good fellow 1' and then, when Joe peaceably touched his hat, accosting the passeng«r with: 'Mr. Honey thunder ?' ' That is my name, sir.1' *' My name is Crisparkle.' ' Reverend Mr. Septimus? Glad to see you, sir, Neville and Helena arc inside. Having a little suc cumbed of late, under the pressure of my public j labours, I thought I would take a mouthful of fresh j air, and come down with them, and return at night. So you are the Eeverend Mr. Septimus, are you J' survey ing him on the wuele with disappointment, and twisting a double eye-glass by its ribbon, as if he were roasting it ; but not otherwise using it. 'Pah! I expected to see you older, sir.' 1 nope you wiu, was tuejgooa-uuiBourea. ropiy, ' Eh?' demanded Mr. Honeythunder. ' Oaly a poor little joke. Not worth repeating.' ' Joke? Aye ; I never see a joke,' Mr. Heueythundcr Frowuiugly retorted. ' A. joke is wasted upon me, sir. Where ate they ! Helena and Neville, come here ! Mj-. Crisp ukle lias come down to meet you,' An unusually handsome lithe young fellow, and an unusually handsome lithe girl ; much alike : both very lark, and very rich in colour ; she, of almost the gipsy type : something nmt&nied; about them both ; a pertain air upon them of huuUr and huntress ; yet withal a curtain air of being tke objects of the chase, rather than the followers. Slender, supple, quick of eye and limb; balf Eby, half defiant ; fierce of look ; an indefinable kind of pause coming and going on their whole ex ;-retsioD, both of face and form, which might be squally likened to the pause before a crouch, or a bound. The rough mental notes made in the first five minutes by Mr. Crispajkie, would have been read thus, verbatim. He invited Mr. Honey thunder to aiunsr, with a troubled mind (for the discomfiture of the iear old :liina shepherdess lay heavy on it), and gave his arm to Helena Landless. Both sho and her brother, as ther walked altogether through theencient streets, took great delight in what he pointed out of the Cathedral and the Monastery-rain, and wondered— so his notes ran on— much as if they were beautiful barbaric oap tiveB brought from one wild tropical dominion. Mr. Boneythunder walked in the middle of the road, shouldering the natives out of tUc way, and loudly developing *, scheme he had, for making a raid on all tke unemployed person b in tlie UnitedKingdom, laying them every one by tin: haels in gaol, and forcing them on piin of prompt extermination to become philanthropists. Mrs. Crispnrkle had need -.f nor on-ii sli.ve of philan thropy when she bchciil this v;ry U'.-ffi Mid very loud excrescence oh t!:C ' i '.!?? p.-irty. Always something in nature of «,Bo;1uj:o;i ilic f.^cs if Bcoi-.ty, Mr. Honey thunder expanded into ;iu iii?h:r]-i:.itn;j- \\\Tei\ in Minor Oanon Corner.' Th.ugh it was i;ut litiially true, as was facetiously charged nghiiici liini !y public unbe lievers, that he called aloud tu hit f .ihiv-creitures : ' Curse your souls and bodies, ;r.i.l cj:;u here and be blesstd !' still his philanthropy w.is of i-iiat gunpowdsr ous sort that the difference betv/jen it and ani mosity was hard to determine. Yuu were to abolish military force, but you were to bring all commnnding officers who had done their duty, to trial by court martial for that offence, aud shoot them. You were to abolish war, but were to make converts by making war upon them, and charging them with loving wur as the apple of their, eye. You were to have no capital punishment, but wero first to sweep off the lace of the earth all legislator^ jurists, and judges, who were of the con trary opinion. You were to have universal concord, and were to get it by eliminating all the people who wouldn't, or consoieBtiously couldn't, be concordant. You were to love your brother as yourtelfrbut after an indefinite interval of maligning him (very mooh as if you hated him), and calling him all manner of names. Above all things, you were to do nothing in private, or on your own account. You wero to go to the offices of the Haven of Philanthropy, and put your name down as a member and a proteasing Philanthro pist. Then, you were to pay up your subscription, get your card of membership and your riband and medal, and were evermore to live upon a platform, and ever more to say what Mr. Honeythunder said, and what the treasurer said, and whit the sub-treasurer said, and what the oommittee said, and what the sub-corn-' mittee said, and what the secretary said, and what the vice-secretary said. And this was usually said in the unanimously carried resolution under hand and seal, to the effect : 'That this auembled Body of Profan ing Philanthropists views, with indignant scorn and contempt, not unmixed with utter detestation and loathing abhorrence,'— in short, the baseness of all theBe who do not belong to it, and pledges itself to make ae many obnoxiouB statements as possible about them, without being at all particular as to facts. I Tie 'dinner was a most doleful breakdown. The philanthropist derange* the symmetry of the table, sat himself in the way of the waiting, blocked up the thoroughfare, and drove Ur. Tope (who ^aMieted the parlouf-maid), to the verge of detraction by passing plates and dishes on, over his own head. Nobody could talk to anybody, because he held forth to every body at once, as if the' company had no individual existence, but were a meeting. He impounded tbe Reverend Mr. Septimus, as an official -personage to be addressed, or kind of human peg to hang his oratorical hat on, and fell into the exasperating habit, common among «uoh orators, of impersonating him as a wicked ani weak opponent. . Thus, he would ask : 'And will you, sir, now stultify yourself by telling me'— and so forth, when the innocent man had not opened his lips, nor meant to open them. Or he would say : 'Now see, sir, to what a position you are ndused. I will leave you no escape. After exhausting all the resources of fraud and falsehood, during years upon years ; after exhibiting a combination of dastardly meanness with ensanguined daring, such as the world has not often witnessed ; you have now- the hypocrisy to bend the knee before the most degraded of mankind, and to sue and whine and howl for mercy !' Wherea the unfortunate Minor Canon would look, in part indignant and in part perplexed; while his worthy mother sat bridling, with tears in her eyeB, and the remainder of the party lapsed into a Eortjof gelatinous state, in which there was no flavor or solidity, and very little resistance. But tho gush of philanthropy that burst forth when the departure of Mr, Honeythunder began to impend, must have been highly gratifying to the feelings of that distinguished man. His coffee was produced, by the special activity of Mr. Tope, a full hour before he wanted it. Mr. Oriaparkle sat with his watch hi his hand, for about the some period, lest he should over stay bis time. Tne lour young people were unanimous in believing that the Cathedral clook struck three quarters, when it actually struck but one. Miss 'winkleton estimated the diitance to the omnibus at fivc-and-twenty minutes' walk, when it was really five. The affectionate kindneee of tbe whole circle hustled him into his great-coat, and shoved him out into the moonlight, as if he were a fugitive traitor with whom they sympathised, and a troop of horse were at the bock door. Mr. Crisparkle and his new charge, who took tip* to tile omnibus, ware so fervent in their apprehensions of his catehing cold, that they Bhut him up in it instantly and left him, with still half an hour to spare. CHxriER VTI.— Kobe Cobtidjskces tham Oki. 'I know very little of that gentleman, sir,' aaid Neville to the Minor Canon as they turned bock. J8'Yoti know very little ot your guardian?' the Minor Canon repeated. 'Almost nothing,' 'How came he ? ' ' To be my guardian ? I'll tell you, sir. I . suppose you ksow that we como (my Bister and I) from Ceylon?' 'Indeed.no.' 'I wonder at that. We lived with a stepfather tkere, when we were little children. We have had a wretched existence. She mode him our guardian, and he was a miserly wretch who grudged us food to eat, and clothes to wear. At his death, he passed us over to this man ; for no better reason than I know of, than his being a friend or connection of his, whose name was always in print and catching Mb atten tion.' ' That was lately, I suppose ?' 'Quite lately, iir. This stepfather of ours wna a cruel brute as well as a grinding one. It was w*H he died, or I might have killed him.' Mr. Crisparkle stopped short in the moonlight and looked at kUhopefuf in. consternation. ' I eurprite you, sir ?' he said, with a quick change to a submissive manner. 'You shock me ; unspeakably shock me.' The pupil hung his head fora little while, as they walked en, and then said : ' You never saw him beat your sister. I have seen him beat mine, more than once or twice, and I never forget it.' 'Nothing,' said Mr. Crisparkle, ''not even abeloved and beautiful sister's tears under dastardly ill-usage ; ' ho became less severe, in spite of himself, as his indig nation rose ; 'could justify those horrible expressions th.it you wed.' '? ] am sorry I used them, and especially to you,. sir. I beg to recall them. But permit uie to set yeu right on one point. You spoke of my sister's tears. My sister would have let him tear her to pieces, before she would have let him believe that he oould make he she'd a tear.' Mr. CriEparklc reviewed those mental notes of his, and was neither at all surprised to hear it, nor at all disposed to question it. 'Perhaps yeu will Ihiok it strange, sir' — this was said in a heBitating voice—' that I should so soon ask yon to allow me to confide hi you, and to have tho kindness to hear a word or t«o from me in toy defence? ' 'Defence?' Mr. Crisparkle repeated. 'You are not on your defence, Ur, Neville,' ' I think I am, sir. At least I know I should be, if you were better acquainted with my character.' 'Well, Mr. Neville,' was the rejoinder. 'What if nnn lantra niA +X R*\A -i+ Jinf f' \- ' Since it . is jrour pleasure, sir,' answered tho young man, with a quick change in his manner to sullen dis appointment : ' since it is your pleasure to check mo in uiy impulse, I must submit.' There was that is the tone of ibis short epeecli whiok made the conscientious man to whom it was addressed, uneasy. It hinted to him that he might, without meaning it, turn aside a trustfulness beneficial to a mis-ahanen young mind, and perhaps to his own power of directing and improving it. They were within eight of the lights in his windows, and he stop ped. 'Let us turn back, and take a turn or two up and dows, Mr. Neville, or you may not have time to finish what you wish- to say-to me. You are hasty in think ing that I mean to check you. Quite tho contrary. I invite your confidence.' . ' You have invited it, sir, without knowing it, ever Bince I came here. I Bay ' ever sinoe,' as if I had been here a week I The truth is, we came here (my sister and I) to quarrel witb yov, and affront) you and break away again.' ??Kenny?' said .Mr. Crisparkle, at a dead loss for anything else to say. ' You see we could not know what you were before hand sirV could we ?' ' ' Clearly not,' -said Mr. Crisparkle. ''And having liked no one else with whom we have ever been brought into contact, we had made up our minds not to like you.' ? 'Really?' said Mr. Crisporkle again. 'But we do like you, sir, and we see an unraistake able difference between your house and your reception of u», and anything else, we have ever known. This — and my happening to -be alone with you— and every thing around us seeming se quiet and peaceful after Mr, Honeythunder's departure — and Cloisterham being bo old, and grave, and beautiful, with the inoon shining on it— these things inclined me to open my heart.' 'I quite understand, Mr. Neville. And it is mili tary to listen to Euch influences;' ' In describing my own imperfections, sir, I must ask you not to suppose that I am describing my Bister's. She has come out of the disadvantages of our miserable life, oe much better than I am, a* that Cathedral tower is higher than those chimneys.' Mr. Crisparkle in his own breast was not so cure of this. ' I have had, sir, from my earliest remembrance, to suppress a deadly and bitter hatred. This has made ma secret and revengeful. I have been slwayB tyranni cally held down by the strong hand. This has driven me, in my weakness, to the resource of being fidse and mean. I have been stinted of education, liberty, money, dress, the very necessaris* of life, the common est pleasures of childhood, .the commonest possessions of youth. This has caused me to be utterly wanting in I don't know what emotions, or remembrances, or good instincts — I'hnmB not even a name for the thing, you see i — Uiiifcyou have had to work upon in other young in en trt wliom yoifhave been accustomed.' 'This is evidently true. Bat this is Hot encourag ing,' ihouglii'-MrsiiOrisparkle as they turned again. '' And to finish with, sir : I have been brought up among abiect_.add/*ervile dependents, of an inferior race, and I may : easily have contracted some Affinity with them. Sumetimee I don't know but that it may be a drop ofwlwitrii* tigerish in their blool' ' As in theoase;«f that remark just now,' thought Mr. Orisp&TkfeE-; 'In a lost word of [reference to my Bister, sir, (we ore twin 'children), you ought -to know, to her honor, that, nothing in our misery ever subdued her, though it often cowed me. | When we ran away from it (we ran nwsy four times in six years, to be soon brought back and cruelly punishied), the flight was always of her own planning and leading. Each time she dressed as a boy, and showed the daring of a man. I take it we were seven years old when we first decamped ; but I remember, when I lost the pocket-knife with which she was to have cut her hair short, how desperately she tried to tear it out, or bite it off. I have nothing further to say, sir, except that I hope you will bear with me and make allowance for me.' 'Of that, Mr. Neville, you may be sure,' returned the Minor Canon. 'X don't preuh more titan I can help, and I will not repay your confidence with a ser mon. But I entreat you to bear in mind, very seri ously and steadily, that if I am to do you any good, it can only be with your assistance ; and that you can only render that, efficiently, by seeking aid from Hea ven.' 'I will try tedo my part, sir.' 'And Mr. Neville, I will try to do mine. Here is my hand om it.' May G«d bless our endeavours !' They were now Btoading-at his house-door, and a cheerful sound of voices and laughter was heard within. ' We will take ene more turn before going in,' said Mr. Crisparkle, 'for I want to ask you a question. When you said you were in a changed mind concerning me, yon spoke, not only for yourself, but for your eieter too.' ' Undoubtedly I did, but.' *' Excuse me, Ur. Neville, but I think you have had no opporUnity of communicating with your sister, nnce J met yon. Mr. Honeythunder was very elo. j quent ; but perhaps I may -venture to gay, without ill- ] nature, that he rather monopolized the occasion. May ! yon net have answered for toot Bister without suffi cient warranty Neville shook his head with a proud smile. ' Yoa den't know, sir, yet, what a complete under standings can Mist between my sister and me, though no spoken word — perhaps hardly as much as a look — may have passed between ub. 6he not only feels as I have described, but she very well knows that I an taking this opportunity of speaking to you, both for her and for mygelf.-' Mr. Crisparkle looked in his face, with some incre dulity ; but his face expressed such absolute aad firm conviction of the truth of what he said, that Mr. Cruparkle looked at the pavement, and mused, until they came to the door again. I will ask for one more turn, sir, this time,' said the young man with a rather heightened colour rising inhis face. 'But for Mr. Honeythunder's— I think you called it eloquence, sir T' (somewhat slyly. ) I — yes, I called it eloquence, said Mr. Crisparkle. 'But for Mr. Honey thunder's eloquence, I might have hod no need to ask you what I am going to ask you. This Mr. Edwin Drood, sir : I think that's the name?' 'Quite correct,' Baid Mr. Crisparkle. «' D-r-double o-d.' ' Does he— or did he— read with you, sir?' 'Never, Mr. Neville. He comes here visiting hie relation, Mr. Jasper. ' Is Miss Budd his relation too, sir?' (' Now, why should he ask that, with sudden super ciliousness f thought Mr. Crisparkle.) Then he explained, aloud, what he knew of tho little story of their betrothal. 'Oh ! That's it, is it?' said the young man. 'I understand his air of proprietorship now !' This was said so evidently to himself, or to anybody rather than Mr. Orisparkle, that the latter instinctively felt as if to notice it would be almost tantamount to noticing a passage in a letter which he hod read by chance over the writer's Buoulder. A moment after wards they re-entered the house. Mr. Jasper was seated at the piano as they came into his drawing-room, and was accompanying Miss Rose bud while she sang. It was a consequence of his play ing the accompaniment without aotes, and of her being a heedless little creature very apt to go wrong, that he fallowed her lips moBt attentively, with his eyes as well as hands ; carefully and softly bintiar, 16 kev nafat frovt time to timn St andinfr nriffi m arm drawn roumdher, but with a face far more intent on Mr. Jasper than on her singing, stood Helena, between whem and her brother on instantaneous recog nition psssftd, in which Mr. Crisparkle saw, or thought e saw, the understanding that had been spoken of, flash out. Mr. Neville then took his admiring station, leaning against the piano, opposite the singer ;| Ur. Crisparkle sat down by the china, shepherdess ; Edwin Drood gallantly furled and unfurled Miss Twinkle ton's fan ; and that lady passively claimed that sort of exhibitor's proprietorship in the accomplishment on view, which Mr. Tope, the Verger, daily claimed in the Cathedral service. The song went on. It was a sorrowful strain of parting, and the fresh young voice was very plaintive and tender. As Jasper watched the pretty lips, and ever again hinted the one note, as though it were a low whisper from him self, the voice became less steady, until all at once the singer broke into a bUTst of tears, and Bhiieked out, with her hands over her eyes: 'I can't beai this! I am frightened ! Take me away !' Witb one swift turn of tor little figure, Helena laid the little beauty on the sofa, as if she had never caught her up. Then, on one knee beside her, and with one hand up»s her rosy mouth, while with the other she appealed to all the rest, Helena said to them ; ' It's nothing ; it's all over ; don't speak to her for one minute, and she is well :' Jasper's hands had, in the same instant, lifted themselves from the keys, and were now poised above them, as though ho waited to resume. In that atti tude he yet sat quiet ; not even looking round, when all the rest had changed their places and were reassur ing one another. ' Pussy's not used to an audience : that's the fact,' said Edwin Drood. ' She got nervouB, and couldn't hold out. Besides, Jack, you are such a conscientious master, and require so much, that I believe you make her afraid of you. No wonder.' ' No wonder,' repeated Helena, ' There, Jack, you hear 1 You would be afraid ef him, under similar circuniBtauce, wouldn't you Miss Landless ?'. 'Not under any circumstances,' returned Helena. Jasper brought down his handBj looked over his shoulder, and begged to thank Miss Landless for her vindication of his character. Then he fell to dumbly playing, without striking the notes, while the little pupil was taken to an open window for air, and (was otherwise petted and restored. When she was brought back,' bis place was empty. 'Jack's gone, Pussy,' Edwin told her. 'I am more than half afraid he didn't like to be charged with being the Monster who had frightened you.' But she answered never a word, and shivered, as if they had made her a little too cold. Miss Twinkleton now opining that indeed these were late hours, Mrs. Crisparkle for finding ourselves out side the walls of the Nuns' House, and that we who undertook the formation of the future wives and mothers of England (tbe hist words in a lower voice, aa leijuiriug to be communicated in con fidence) were really bound (voice coming up again, to eet a better example than one of rakish habits, wrappers were put in requisition, aud the two young cavaliers volunteered to see tbe ladies home. It was soou doue, and the gate of the Nun's House closed upon them. The boarders had letired, and only Mrs. Tishor in solitary vigil awaited tbe new pupil. Her bedroom being within Rosa's, very little introduction or expla nation wst* necessary, before she was placed in charge of her ne w friend, and left for the night. 'This is a blessed relief, ray dear,' said Helena. 'I have been dreaming all day, that I should be brought to bay at this time.' ' There are not many of ub,' returned Rosa,' and we arc good-natured girls ; at least the others are ; I can answer for them.' ' I o&n; anBwer for you,', laughed Helena, [ (searching the lovely little face with her dark eyes, and tenderly caressing the small figure. ' You will be a friend to me, won't yon?' 'I hope bo. But the idea of my being a friend to you seems so absurd, though.' 'Why?' ' Oh 1 I nni such a nute of a thing, asd you are bo womanly and handsome. You seem to have resolution and power enough to crush me. - 1 shrink into nothug by the side of your presence even.' ' I am a neglected creature, my dear, unacquainted with all accomplishments, sensitively conscious that I have everything to learn, and deeply ashamed to own my ignorance.' ' And yet you acknowledge everything to me ! said Rosa. 'My pretty one, can I help it? There is a fnsciaa tion in you.' 'Oh ! Is there though?' pouted Rosa, half in jest and half in earnest. 'What a pity Master Eddy doesn't feel it more V Of course her relations towards', that young gentle man had been already imparted, in Minor Canon Comer. ' Why, surely he must love you with all his heart 1' cried Helena, with an earnestness that threatened to blaze into ferocity if he didn't. 'Eh? Oh, well, I suppose he does,' said Rosa, pouting again ; ' I am sure I have no right to Bay he doesn't. Perhaps it's my fault. Perhaps I am not as nice to him as I ought to be. I don't think I am. But it is so ridiculous !' Helena's eyes demanded what was. 'We are,' said Rosa, answering as if the hod spoken. ' We are such a ridiculous couple. And we are always quarrelling.' 'Why?' ' Necrose we both kuow wo are ridiculous my dear !' B*;a £ave that nngtt'er sb if it were the most conclu sive answer ia the world. Helena's masterful louk was intent, upon her face tor a few moments, and then she impulsively put out both her bands and said : — ' You will be nay tnentt ana neip me : ' Indeed my dear, I will,' replied Rosa, in a tone of affectionate childiEhnesB that went straight and true to her heart i ' I will be as good a friend sa such a mite of a thing can be to such a noble creature as you. And be a f rit-ii'l to me, j iltase ; for I don't understand myself ; and I wr.nt a friend who can umderstnnd me, very much iudcud.'' Helena Laudlebs kissed her, and retaining both her h&nds;, said : 'Who is Mr. Jasper?' . Rosa turned aBideher head m answering : Eddys uncle, tad my muBic-moster.' ' Yeu do sot love him ?'' ' Ugh 1 ' she put her hands «p to her face, and shook with four or horror. ' You know thatheloves you?'- ' Oh, don't don't, dont !' cned Rosa dropping on her knees, and clinging to her new resource. V Don't tell me of it ! He terrUics me. He haunts my thoughts, like a dreadful ghost. I feel that I am never safe from him. I feel as if I could pass in through the wall when he is spoken of.' She actually did look round, as if Fhe dreaded to see him standing in the ihadow behind ''Try to tell me more about it, darling.' ' Yes I will, I wilL Because you are ao strong. But held mo the while, and stay with ran afterward*.' ' My child ! You speak at if he had threatened you in some dark way.' ' He has never spoken to me about— that Never.' 'WhathMhedooe?' „ , ' ' He hsi made a ilave of me with his looks. Ho hoi foroed me to understand him, without his saying a ward ; and he has forced me to keep silence, witheut his uttering a threat. When I play, he never moves his eyes from my hoods. When I sing, he never moves his eyes from vy lips. When he corrects me, and strikes a note, or a chord, or plays a passage, he himself is in the sounds, whupering that he pursues f^f h hTeT' mt ^onunsoduie «ne to keep hi. Kcrefc Pim'Bmm ftreatensmoBt, he oblige me to W it,^tofai£ Zta^S'*™'''* ^.n- terrible £%- wondeVwhafe'1 ta ^^^ ^^ *«- think o, 'And was this all, to-night ?' watched my hps soclesely as I was singing, besides feeling terrified I felt ashamed and pasrionatelyhurt It was af if he kissed me, and I couldn't bear it, but £J j li T°,u mnst n8VCT breath this to any one. Eddy in devoted to him. But you said to-night that you would not be afraid of him, under anydrcmn stances, and that gives me-who am so much afraid of hun-couragetoteUonlyyon. Hold me 1 Stay with me! I am too frightened to he left by myself.' .™hC 1^r0V' 6ip;yfaee drooped over the clinging arms and boBem, and the wild black ioirf ell down wo fecWly over the childish form. Therewas as£Lle£ ing gleam of firein the intense dark eyes, though thev were then softened with compa«ion ana^dnuration! ijet whomsoever it moit concerned, look well to it ! [TO SB CONTIKUED.j 