A STEP IN TH E RIG lIT DIRECTION. The Church:of England Assembly went into committee on Monday ftr the further consideration' of the Trustees and Vestries Bill. We extract from the Argus the follow ing report of the discussion that took place when clause 48 came on for consideration : (in clause 48, which prpvided that " no church after it shall have been consecrated' shall, except with the authority in writing of tihe bishop, incumbent, antd churchwardens` first had and obtained, be used for any other purpose than the celebration of Divine ser, vice, the administration of the sacraments, or the performance of the rites and ordinances' of the said United Church ; and no person. except the bishop shall be allowed to perform any clerical office in hny ichurch except with the consent of the incumbent together with: that of the bishop. Provided always that in. case such incumbent shall be suspended ab oflcio, the consent of the bishop only shall be necessary." : Mi. G. W. :Rusden inoved, as an amend-' ment, that the words, " except with the authority in writing of the bishop, incum bent,. and churchwardens first had :and obtained," be omitted.. 'Ihe Rev. H. H. P. Handfield proposed to omit the words after " shall," in line 1, dowii to " United Church," and insert-" be used for any other purpose than the public wor-' ship of Almighty God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, nor shall such worship be at any. time celebrated in any such con secrated church after any other order than that. prescribed in the: Book of. Common Prayer, except with the approval of the bishop arid the consent of the incumbent, the churchwardens, and trustees, given in writ ing, and any of the said parties may at any. time revoke his or their consent or approval, and.. then such special use of such. church, shall cease and." ' ' The Dean of Melbourne moved that all words after " except," in line 5, be omitted, with the view of Inserting the following:-' "As provided in the following clause": "' The Lord Bishop may, with the consent of the incumbent, trustees, and church wardens, given in writing, permit such church to be lent to (a minister of) the Presbyterian Church for divine service according to the; rites of that body. Provided that the incum-, bent may at any time, on giving a month's; notice, withdraw such consent. Provided, also, that the incumbent, may, with tlhe con sent of the Lord Bishop, use such church for catechetical or other instruction. The Rev. J. Potter said he always looked upon the clergy of other denominations as, fellow-labourers, but nevertheless regarded the proposed innovation with some fear. If a relaxation of the present law were made at all, the preference should be given to the Wesleyans. Mr Justice tlioleswbr,th said it was stir prising that when all the churches in the colony complained of impecuniosity that, each must have its own separate building' for holding service in. He was at a loss to understand what'pollutiJn a church would suffer even if a Wesleyan, Presbyterian.'.or: clergymen of other denominations officiated.: It seemed to him that the amendment of Mr Handfield was open to a .serious ob jection. While it apparently aimed at the exclusion of the Unitarians, it would not prevent the pulpit being granted to the clergy of the Roman Catholic denomina-[ tion. The Bishop spoke' in favour of the ori ginal clause. After some discussion, The amendment proposed by Mr Rusden was negatived. Ayes, 88-clergy, 20; laymen, 18. Noes, 18-clergy, 10; lay men, 8. . The.other amendments were not put, and the clause as originally proposed was agreed., to with some. modifications.. The City Council has passed a bye-law forbidding the driving of traction- engines through the streets of the city, under,:a penalty of £5. Sir James M'Cull?ch made his re-appear ance in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday,. looking all the better for his. late trip. 