! STREET '.TREES. ' To the Editor of the Evening Herald. 8lR, — Inpassing round the "Old Cemetery" a few days -ago, .f conid - searcely " believe, my eyes " that any public, body, like -the Cor poration of Melbourne,.,. ".who go ; id', for knowing sometbihg of everything," could bb. so ignorant and wastotul as to spend tno citizens' money -on. tho pnrcha30 !of,- and planting' of trees that :are out of character: with the locality,; but independent of being out, of place near a cemetery/they aro out of all character as a street, tree. In the first place 1 presume; that street trees (or avenues of trees in public streets).- ore planted for shade, and as break' winds Or shelter. The ohief characteristics that Bhoiild recommond the class of trees to bo chosen, is a- medium height, straight stem, without having to use mechanical means for making it so, (as is dono in many instances) jden.se ramification, baudsome and bright colored, foliation, of : good substance, not such as Would bo likely to bo torn with the winds, or browned with the sun ; together with an equality in growth, -and rough firm bark, not easily knooked off, or presenting a surface smooth enough for cutting or carving names on, or- having a tendency when wounded to. bleed or oxudo gum or resin, or any substance dalonlated to wcakou thy strength .of the trees): not having to be provided' with "guy-ropes br rigging," as qomo of tho avonups of trees ia the Botani cal1 reserve and. gardens have to' bo- provided i with. Yeiy fflW Of tbeaforesaid characteristics are' possessed by the drees planted rOund'the - Old Cemetery. First; i the . Acaucariai imbti-' eata is very pretty, and -a -fine timber: tree, but it gives- no. upre shade than a leofieBS tree, or, ' to use an. ' Americanism, ".tbon tho- ghost of a tree." If the porson who "directed fts being planted, or planted it; were-M turn a "Rin Vna"Winklo,"_ when ho. awoke bo would have very little difficulty -in knowing bis own planting from their slowness of grown. Binua G'anarionsia is- also out of its place; it gives very little shade, but it is a mqdium grower,, has short, .thick branches, very brittle, so that any sharp breeze wonld \- causo them to snap, and p'eahaps in their fall break the head of an alderman. Fious Alaeropbylla; is. also out o£ place, .as. its bark is smooth,, and easily wounded, bleeding- profusely ; when large, its head be comes very heavy; so. much so, that- in .its nativo habitat3 it throws out stag liko roots, from its trunk, nnd largo branches to supp.ort its weight, anil prevent the rupture and breakage of its soft roots. Of the elm, there: are three spo'oieS' milted .indiscriminately';" one species only is'jifcjor the. purpose in-, tended, viz.-.-UlmuB Campestris, (tho com mon elm of Britain/ It is a largo treoo, "and handsomo during; tlie summer months,' but loses its leaves in winter. It should bo, up- wards of twenty toot mgn betore tnc nrac iree mentioned is throo feet high, or the other two eight ; so that the inequality of grbwth in a few years will be " painfully visiblo." Tho other two Bpecios of elms aro Ulraus glabva3 and U. uberosus, two a;(eciea not worth room anywhere, unless in a Botani cal collection. Tliey aro seldom seen in the old country, unless as liedge-row trqcs, as they never attain anything like a respectable size. I merely write tho abovo to show that some discrimination, and a perfect koowledgo of what the tree will look in a hundred years lienco, should.be possessed by tho :plantuf, and not what it is iffa young state. _ This knowledge is niorn particularly requisite in street planting tbhu 'any other, as the "re moval fof perhaps o very second trco iu'a street avenue, or a nmerenco oi wenty ices iu tho height of overy altornato ono, after sixteen or seventeen years, is not to bo tolo- rated ; but learning at tlio public exponso' seems to be more "appreciated in this coloiiy tlmn mu other nart of tlie ulobe. " - CITIZEN. 25tli April.- Judgment is tho throne of prudence, and silenco- is its sanctuary. - ' ; It is truly singular liow extremes moot. Every mother .knows that . Hour is invaluable for instant application to scalds or burns, anil now wo learn that it is equally useful for frozen linibs. An old prospector writes "Tho Hour - should be, bouud on -the parts affected to the -.thickness of an inch or more, and at short intervals removed, and fresh lots 'applied until- the frost shall- have all pcenklrawntout.- Aly foot were at one -timo'. idipadty frozeti iii.thfc northern country as: ti> Jtave rendered amputation.au absolute aeces- jity but for this remedy." 