COUNTRY NEWS. A CORRESPONDENT of the Hamilton Spectator says that " a few years ago wattle bark was freely bought in Melbourne for £13 per ton, but has latterly declined in price, and ultimately fallen to £2 or £3. A number of landholders in the Western district, being under the impression that it will yet reach a higher figure than even £13, have resolved to preserve the wattle forests for two or three years ; and as wattle on the Crown lands is now nearly exhausted, the barkstripping industry will probably be at a standstill for some time to come. It may not be generally known that for light material, such as kid or opossum skins, or even light wallaby, the bark of red-gum produces a better tan than even wattle ; and, if blended with or softened by soda, the honeysuckle bark is superior to either." THE Gipps Land Times has " been favoured with the perusal of a letter from Stockyard Creek, from which we glean that the diggings are much in the same state as at the time of our last report. The ' well-defined quartz leader,' it is said, can scarcely yet be considered as such, being only detached pieces, highly auriferous, embedded in a kind of conglomerate, and that the ground continues as patchy as ever it was. Some of the parties on the ground are making their £10 and £12 per week per man, and others about half that, and many nothing whatever." AT the Dean Ploughing Match, in the Creswick district, J. Thompson, with a Tynan's plough, took first prize in the A division. A VERY interesting ploughing match took place on Tuesday last, at Kangaroo Creek, Strathfieldsaye, on the ground of Mr. J. Martin, There were twelve competitors in the contest. James Keily, ploughing with a M'Vey plough, took first prize. THE trial of George Moore, for embezzling the funds of the Ballarat District Hospital, was concluded on Tuesday at the Circuit Court, Ballarat. The jury returned a verdict of guilty in regard to the cheque received by the prisoner from the Very Rev. Dean Moore, and not guilty in reference to the two other cheques. The reason of the verdict of not guilty in the two latter cases was stated by the foreman of the jury to be " the great irregularities allowed by the committee of management of the hospital." A MAN named Richard Hughes has been killed by a fall of earth in a mining claim at Majorca, last Friday morning. A MEETING of the committee of the Clunes Land Selectors' League was held at the Bull and Mouth Hotel on 22nd July, under the presidency of Mr. Sloan. Some routine business having been disposed of, the question of dissolution or otherwise of the league was discussed. The general opinion was that the league having been so effective in causing the removal of different grievances complained of by land selectors, and there being yet so much to look after and amend in the thistle, fencing, and other acts in connection with farmers, it would be most desirable to still continue the association. Resolved, that after the end of July the meetings be held on the last Monday in each month, the secretary to call special meetings when required. Accounts amounting to £1 2s. 9d. were passed for payment, and the meeting then adjourned. THE attention of holders of miner's rights is directed by the Government Gazette to the 13th, 14th, and 15th sections of the Mining Statute, 1865 : and it is notified that reserves, or lands exempted or excepted from occupation for mining purposes, cannot be lawfully occupied by the holders of miners' rights, and until an order in council authorising mining upon such reserves or exempted or excepted lands shall have been published in the Government Gazette. AT a meeting of the Geelong Early Closing Association held on Monday, it was determined (reports the Advertiser) to persevere in the effort to induce the shopkeepers to close early on Satur- days, but it was decided that a later hour (nine o'clock) should be fixed. Several persons who refused to agree to the earlier hour have expressed their intention to adopt the later. ALEXANDER ROSE, the bank defaulter, who had pleaded guilty to two cases of forgery and uttering, was brought up at the Ballarat Court on Tuesday, and sentenced to one year's imprisonment upon each charge of forgery and uttering, making in all four years. THE need of mining reform is seen by the following paragraph from the Bendigo Independent of the 25th July :—" At the police court yesterday, the official agent sued a lot of shareholders in the Nil Desperaudum Freehold Company for contributions amounting to some three or four thousand pounds. As was disclosed in the balance-sheet of the company, when it came to a stop, the liabilities were about £170. Now they amount to some £350, and the probability is that before the matter is finally settled, that amount may be very largely increased." BALLARAT house property seems to be still threatened with being engulfed. The Star, 25th July, says :—" We learn that Mr. Surveyor Fitzpatrick is engaged in a survey of the underground workings of the Specimen Gully Companies, with a view to ascertain whether the works threaten the stability of the adjacent buildings. This is one of the continually recurring difficulties connected with mining in the town, and it is imperatively necessary that some immediate steps be taken to protect actual property of value from dangers caused by search for what may never be found, or if found may not be worth the value of the property destroyed." MR. Waldock's hounds are announced to throw off at Belmont, about two miles from Geeong, on Saturday, at two p.m. THE Mayor of Geelong stated on Tuesday evening that it was the intention of the Geelong Corporation to co-operate with the municipality of Newtown and Chilwell, with the intention of forming the Chilwell Reserve into a public park. IN an important case up-country a few weeks ago the jury, disagreeing as to their verdict, were locked up for all night. One of the dozen (the foreman) was a man of gigantic build and ferocious expression. In the morning they were ushered into the box at their own request as soon as the court opened. Eleven of them presented the appearance of badly-crushed oranges after mildew has set in, and the eyes of most of them were ecchymosed. On being asked if they were agreed, they gave a verdict of "not guilty." That was the opinion of their foreman all along. " Janus," writing in the Dunolly Express, is the authority for the anecdote. THE clearing of the railway line as far as Benalla is now nearly completed, the party which began at Baddaginnie having finished their work to within two miles of the township, and before another week has passed the second section will be entirely cleared. The party from Violet Town to Baddaginnie have approached that township. In the gang near Benalla we counted (says the Benalla Ensign, 22nd July) fifty-five men at work, some grubbing, some with axes felling the giants of the forest. The huge trees are set on fire as they fall, and most of them being hollow, they are left to consume, until the clearing party, which follows about a mile behind, comes to drag off the line what is left. In this work about twenty men and twenty horses are engaged, hauling off the logs to the outside of the track, and some ten of the number gather up the smaller boughs and sticks, and leave the line as clean as it is possible to conceive. Messrs. Styles, Murray, and Co., are certainly prosecuting the work on their section with vigour. THE prosperity of Sandhurst still increases. The Independent of the 24th July says :—" The calls for the week are very heavy, amounting to very nearly £5000. But they are completely outdone by the dividends, which amount to nearly £13,500. THE Pleasant Creek News states that it is not unlikely that Morffew, the Beaufort contractor, may yet be arrested and brought to justice. FLAGS half- mast high on the watch towers of the Geelong and Newtown and Chilwell fire brigades on Monday, denoted the death of Mr. Nott, the oldest member of either body, who died on Saturday after a short illness, aged sixty-six years. A NEW dodge is being tried on in some of the country districts. Three men are now going through the country pretending (says the Geelong Advertiser) to be geologists and looking for minerals, but are regular swindlers. Two have dark complexions, one rather fair. These swindlers are calling people out of their beds, and using some influential person's name in the neighbourhood to get their lodging and food ; then next morning they have neither money nor credit to settle their score. AN inquest was held on Monday at the Freemasons' Hotel, Geelong, on the body of Conner Redding, a cowkeeper, fifty years of age, a native of County Clare, who died suddenly on Saturday evening. A verdict was returned of death from disease of the heart. ON Monday at the Geelong Police Court, a farm labourer named Henry Crosson was charged with stabbing a fellow- servant named Robert Armstrong. The men had a quarrel about a puppy dog, and, being in their cups, a fight ensued, when Crosson, who was getting the worst of the encounter, stabbed Armstrong in the breast. At the request of mounted constable Mulcahy the case was remanded to DrYs- dale. WHAT are the chemical peculiarities of an Australian north wind ? We put the question to scientific meteorologists. The peculiarity of the wind to which we draw attention is one which belongs to the scorching blasts of the summer and the cold gales of winter. Both have the effect of producing bad air in our mines. On Monday some of the miners on the Sebastopol plateau could not work. On Tuesday the same effect was noticed in the Grand Trunk Company's mine at Piggoreet. Some of the directors visited the mine on Tuesday, but had to go a long way in drives where candles would not burn because of the foul air. When the wind shifts from the north the effect ceases. Possibly some of our savans can explain the thing in terms intelligible to the unlearned.—Courier. To show the alteration in the working of the present Land Act since the present Ministry took office, we have but to instance (states the Pleasant Creek Chronicle of the 18th July) that nearly every acre of land in the vicinity of Horsham has been taken up, and that fencing operations are showing that agriculturists are in the field determined to develope the resources of this magnificent country. Nearly all of the available zebra stripes have, or will be taken up, and then the Wimmera district will produce for itself, instead of obtaining its supplies from other quarters. Horsham is very lively at present, nearly every resident upon it is taking up land, and in place of being a squatting pocket borough, as it heretofore has been, it will soon have to be recognised as a bona fide farming district. A meeting was to be held yesterday at Horsham for the purpose of getting np a flour mill for the district. THE Bacchus Marsh Express, 22nd July, records the following incident:—Mrs. M'Crae, of the Daylesford road, who died early in the week, was from the Highlands of Scotland, and continued in general good health until her last attack of paralysis, to which she succumbed at the advanced age of 84. A most remarkable phenomenon in her history was that for years previously to her being 70 she was obliged to wear spectacles, but after attaining that age her sight improved, and she .was able to read, sew, or do anything without the use of those appendages up to the time just previous to her last attack. MR. G. W. PATTEBSON has been appointed Clerk of Petty Sessions at Ballarat East; and Mr. E. W. Turner Clerk of petty Sessions at Foster (Stockyard Creek). Foster has been ap pointed a place for holding a Court of Petty Sessions. CHAS. HATFIELD, a native of Madras, and late cook at the local police camp, was charged at the Mansfield Police Court on Saturday last with having robbed the late Sergeant Skinner. The deceased, being very ill, left his bed and wJ, 9 the kitchen, where Hatfield slept to warm self at the fire. Whilst doing go he fell d a fit, and the cook is suspected of having him while in a dying Btate. The MM 01 Mrs. Skinner went to show that her band when leaving Melbourne had unw^H . £20 in his pocket j and immediately after ZS. search was made in the presence of Con.^u Lenahan, Troopers Scanlan and Freeman , Mr. RobinBon, clerk of courts, ar.d in the a ceased's pockets and portmanteau the « i money discovered was Is. 5d. The Bench WMT out hesitation, on the application of the onli,*,' 1 granted a remand for seven days. ^ ACCORDING to the Ararat Advertiser Mni-ff the Beaufort contractor, was liberated onh-i 1 himself in £200, and two sureties of £ioo one of the latter being his own fathcr.jn and the other an individual of the name of Sta vens. When called upon to appear at the Ararat Circuit Court, there was no appearance- and it i stated that shortly after he was liberated on kV-i Dlu he left the colony. A MEETING has been held at Stawell \PJTH IH P view of initiating steps to entertain the present MiniBtry at a banquet. The Pleasant Creel Chronicle is convinced that, should the invitation be accepted, Ministers wiil meet with a nsrfJ ovation at Stawell. * M ™ ct A sou of Mr. Rynecker, vjgneron at Fyan! ford, a little fellow about six years of age lateW fell head foremost into a tub of s scalding'water It was scarcely expected that he would live THE pitching of the hy-wasli of Mainour reservoir is now approaching completion. It j g said that the view from the embankment, or the various views obtained by a sail along the water from one end to the other, well repay a visit The great length of the reservoir winding back between the hill sides, recalls the appearance of some of the grand old Irish rivers, in Epite of the crooked gums and clumps of tea-tree in the distance. THE Burnt Bridge ghost seems to bare been played out. The correspondent of the Ballarat Star says:—"In connection with this subject the following is the latest out. Rising early before daylight, to feed his horses, Mr. Camp bell's ploughman paid a visit to the haunted brick house to get some hay. Before he had time to strike a light or bless himself, he heard directly under his feet unearthly moaning and groaning, as of persons smothering, and, forgetting that ' words and signs have power o'er spirits in planetary hour,' struck a light, and dispensing with words and signs, tried the magic of a pitchfork. A few probes had the desired effect; the hay was in motion, and instantly were heard, in true nautical 'style, two gruff voices shouting ' All aboard.' They were those of two runaway sailors, who lodged with the ghost for the night." AT a meeting of the Scott centenary promoters, held at the Camp Hotel, Ballarat, Mr. J. Campbell in the chair, it was decided (states the Ballarat Star) to celebrate the centenary on the 15th August by a soiree and literary and musical entertainment in the Alfred Hall. We have heard that a proposal has been made to invite Sir Redmond Barry to preside at the soiree. Possibly also Mr. Higinbotham, in the event of Sir Redmond being prevented from coming, will be invited to preside. At Geelong it has been decided that the celebration shall take the form of an entertainment. THE Kyneton Guardian states that a fatal accident has occurred at the Kyneton barracks. Two little girls, the children of Sergeant Manson, were playing in the sitting-room. One of them, named Agnes Ellen, about two years and a-half old, climbed upon a chair which was standing near the fire and leaned over the back to reach for something which her sister was handing to her. In doing so she overbalanced the chair, and, with it, fell to the ground. In falling the child struck and overturned a fountain of boiling water which was standing on the hob, and a great portion of the contents flowed over the little girl. The mother immediately cut the clothes away, and sent for Dr. Geary, who at once saw that the case was a hopeless one. The whole of the skin was off the back from the neck to the bottom of the spine, the right chest was severely scalded, and other parts of body were more or less injured. The child was in a state of collapse, and only lived till the following day. 