A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN IN SAN FRANCISCO. (fbom the s. a. register.) I We have been favoured with the follow- 1 ing interesting notes from San Francisco, written by a gentleman who, for many years, was resident in South Australia, and who has recently paid a visit to California. He says : — j ' I have been very much disappointed I with San Francisco. It is certainly a I larger town than Melbourne, and does I more business, as it has a large trade with I Japan, China, the Sandwich Islands, I Mexico, Peru, and Chili, but in its build- I ings, public and private, its streets and I squares, it cannot be compared even to I Adelaide. There is not a stone-built house j in the city, and I think I may say not a I bit of carved stone. This is no place for masons to come to ; ninety-nine out of ? I ? J ? J ^H tl 1 ? ? i ? 1 ivery uuiiureu oi me nouses are construc ted of wood, painted so as to imitate stone, with plenty of artificial pillars and carv ing. Those built of brick are ornamented in front with any amount of mouldings I and decorations in plaster. The ceilings and walls of every house I have been in are cracked in all directions, from the lack of lime in the plaster. In fact, the term Jerry- built may well apply here. The rents, nevertheless, are something eshorbi tant. They have forced up the prices of land aad houses in and around the town, for ten miles, to a fabulous extent A lot, 50 feet to Post-street, by a depth of 110 feet, with nothing on it but a miserable wooden tenement of bare boards, was Bold last week for $50,000 in gold. Post-street is not yet one of. the leading streets, but may become a good place for business. In Portland, a town 300 miles away, with a population of 7,000, a lot of 50 by 120 feet was sold for $23,000. AU the land for a few miles round the city consists of bare black hills, that grow no trees and scarcely a blade of grass, ouly producing dust. Yet they are askiug for this $1,000 an acre and upwards. In fact, nearly all the land for ten miles around is cut up into townships and lots of au eigath and a quarter of au acre, with multitudes of streets, ouly to be seeu on paper, as there is not a shanty or a pigstye on any of the embryo towns. For all that, they are asking $400 to $500 a lot Agricultural land, further away, fetches from $25 to $100 an acre. All the land, except in very remote districts, has been bought up by capitalists, who are holding it for heavy prices. It is the general opinion that there will be a sharp fall in the value of pro perty soon. The streets are paved principally with wedges of wood, shaped like bricks ; a few with round water-worn stones, the size of ostrich eggs. The Bide paths are formed of deal boards two inches thick. The streets are dilapidated with ruts and rents, and the footpaths fissured with big holes — rather dangerous to weak ancles. More over, the footpaths are often filled with goods of all sorts, piled up, and stationery for days and weeks, with bales, casks, and boxes. Auctions are held in the streets, and furniture of all sorts, even horses and traps, are lined along and on the foot paths, while the auction is going on. If a shop requires alterations, the joiner fixes his bench on the footpath, in a crowded thoroughfare sometimes, and works away in the presence of the passing crowd. There seems to be no law or order. The sweepings of shops are thrown oa the streets, and John Chinaman goes round with his balanced baskets picking up the rags and paper. There are no parks or Botanic Gardens ; no place where a person ? i can take a walk except the wooden streets. There are certainly two gardens, as their owners choose to call them, on the outskirts of the town, where the charge is twenty six cents or Is each person for the pleasure of walking in sand and dust, and looking at the ghosts of a few flowers which died the week after the raiiiB ceased last May. You might as well take a walk in Welling ton Square, North Adelaide. In fact this is the most disagreeable, dirty, lugubrious city I have ever been in ; but then it has a climate which, in spite of its fogs, is a great improvement on the climate of Aus tralia, and besides is a great centre of trade. There are a number of manufactories here, such as foundries, sawmills, lucifer matchmaking, chocolate, maccaroni, and flannel-making places. I saw a beautiful sample of flannel sold at twenty-five cents a yard. This is the cheapest article in the shape of clothing. A boot and shoe manu factory ten miles out of town, which gave employment to eighty Chinese, was burned down about three weeks ago. The Chinese are very numerous here, and take the work , away from the white labourer. They have several little factories of their own, and make cigars, slippers, &c; In fact business ? seeniB to be carried on with more energy than in Australia. I made particular en quiries, and there are only 2,000,000 mul berry trees in California, and not 1 1,000,000 as was stated in an article that went the rounds of the Australian papers. One small silk-spinning and weaving mill has just been pnt up, aud a small cotton mill makes coarse muslins. There is a rope walk or two. The grapes are dried, but the raisius are small and poor. Almonds are tasteless, and only half the size of Ade laide almonds, yet they sell for twenty-five cents a pound. Butter is much worse, aud also cheese, veaL and mutton ; but the beef isabouteqaa! to Australian. Meatis thirteen cents a pound all round. Groceries are dearer, bnt tea and coffee are better. What ever they can make they use, and will not import, though the foreign article should be much superior. They are more patriotic than the Australians, and think that nothing U so good as their own, while Australians consider that nothing colonial is good. I am convinced South Australia could vie with any part of the world in the production of dried fruits, raisins, plums, prunes, currants, and many kinds of jams and preserves. The figs here scarcely ripen, and are the size of walnuts. I have been here ten weeks, and there has not been a drop of rain. Last summer has been unusually hot through out the States. The drought has prevailed in many parts, and numbers have died of sunstroke. The tea plant here has proved I _ r.;l.,.n ...J alsn fVia Tarnia f\r OHinAHA rrass cloth. Little or no tobacco or hemp s grown, and only a little flax, solely for ;he seed. Acres of blackberries are planted, and the produce sold at 12| cents i pound. They are preferred to raspberries. Castor oil trees are cultivated for the oil, and the fruit of the black mulberry is only half the size it attains in Adelaide. The fig, nectarine, and apricot are small, not to be compared with those of Australia ; but the apples are larger, and peaches equally as large. Strawberries are grown and November. The farmers who grow wheat do nothing else as in Australia, in fact, do not even raise a vegetable. There are dairy farms, or ranches as they are called here ; also hog, sheep, cattle, and horse ranches ; everything separate — quite a di vision of labour. Grapes and oranges seem to equal the Australian. Neither here nor in Melbourne or Sydney are there olive trees and oleanders comparable to those grown in Adelaide, The weeds are the same as spriuir about Adelaide and Mel bourne — the hog-weed, the sow thistle, rat-tail or barley grass, and the weed with the round yellow disc, with no rays for a flower, found in all the sides of water tables and water-courses ; also the camo mile so plentiful about Melbourne. The native blackberry is very like the Austra lian, aud bears - as little fruit Small bushes of live oak are found in the neigh bourhood in some parts. The large forest I trees are twenty or thirty miles from the town. I saw some majestic specimens on my way to San Jose, the old Mexican capital, fifty miles south of San Francisco. 1 The vegetables, like the Australian, are large but tasteless ; you can scarcely tell ft I carrot from a turnip. The potaUes are the worst I have tasted auywhere. Pumpkins. I are Bmall, and like the Australiau, nasty 1 flavoured. Melons of all kinds are very 1 common, and are served every inoruing at I this season at breakfast. I have seer* j snails and, froga in ths reatauranta or eating houses here, an i ruiid. is of small birds, the &ze; of sparrows, plucked ard r^ady f ^r the fire in the markets., I have jnst read in a commercial paper here that all the bags for wheat, it, are made bv women iu Dniirfee a«4 im[-orted, although the duty is cij;h. They cannot make them as cheaplj I' ere if sewn by the sewing-machine. Xeariy all the charches are bnilt ?.?* wood — tower, steeple, and ail A Je»o' Synagogue and iwo or three other places are constructed of brick. An immense number of small windmills are employed to pnmp up water to irrigate the land. Hundreds are seen in every direction, not like the isolated few seen in Australia. This is the town of tobacco juice, broken cigars, and scraps of paper. The ladies do not wear loog dresses : if they did, they would soon be djisi with lo&acoi; joice swept from the pavement As for the cigars, there are euna^h serais lying about to supply a Chinese manufactory. I rather suspect then? are few cigars which have cot been partially smoked before, some perhaps half a do2cu tiuies. It is Wt-U that people do cot know what they smuke aad chew. The export of wines to the Eastern States is this year double what it was last year, and the trade is increasing with rapid strides. Xo duty i= paid in Xew York or B-Jston, and it gfws round Cape Horn, Adelaide cannut send wiue to Melbourne without a charge of 2s a gallon for daty. The s»utr tbore is a federation of tbe colonies, and free trade between them the btrter. There are ianns here of 20,000 to 50,«00 acres, ail in wheat, worked by machinery. This i= how wheat-growing pays here. There is no duty on its impvrtatioa iuw N'ew York or LiverpooL and y-=t Sjcth Australian wheat has to pay in Melbourne a duty of Is a bushel. Babbits are very small, much smaller than the English, and about half the size of the wild rabbits of Australia. Poultry do not thrive ; they are poor and lean, and will not lay eggs owing to the cold fogs throughout the stuaraer acting as a preventive to iasect life. I iiave seen do bees on the Sotrerg in the bit of plots called gardens, and only one or two batter flies, small aad reddish- bruwn. On oce occasion I saw twj hanimiuc-birds hover ing over the S-wers of a f uschia. If the country is silent in Austnilia, here there seems to prevail the stillijess of death in the fields — no l-jcnsu or even grasshoppers to give a chirp. This town is supplied with eggs by rail from Caicago, a distance of 20uO miles. 