? THE POST-OFFICE.—It was currently rumoured but contradicted during Friday that Mr. Richard Blackham, Chief Clerk and Inspector of Postage , .Stamps, had resigned. "We are now, however, ' in a position to state that .Mr. Blackham did send in his resignation, though it has not been accepted. The reason, we understand, is that this increased work thrown upon him since the' amalgamation of the Postal- and Telegraph Departments was more than he could stand without injury to his health. He has thrown up the office with a view of entering upon a country life. Mr. Blackham is an old and efficient officer, whose absence from the department will be seriously felt. He entered the service in the year 1848, and began his present duties on July 1, 1861, at a salary of £800 a year. TEE RANGOON.—The P. & O. mail steamer Rangoon, with the European mails, arrived at Port Phillip Heads at 7.60 a.m. this morning, and ^was expected to reach Hobson's Bay about 11 a.m. BALLOON ASCENT. — Mr. Gale has made'' arrangements for inflating his balloon this morning at 10 o'clock, so that those who may be disposed to take a bira's-eye view of the County of Adelaide will have ample time to do so. At A p.m. the intrepid aeronaut will start on his ." exploratory expedition of the Isle of Skye," accompanied by two young gentlemen of the city. The weather promises to be all that can be desired. *- FOOIBAIL.—This afternoon a match is -announced to be played on the Adelaide grounds between the Adelaide and Port Glubs. The former playera are as follows : — Aldridge, Anthony, Beddome, Brock, Burgan, Carruthers, Conigrave, EUery, Elphick, Fitch, -Ctepp, Jackson, Masters, Perkins, Reade, Saunders, Sharpe, Sparks, Spicer, and Watson. The Concordia Band is engaged. LITEKABY SOIBEB.—On Friday, 25th Augupt, an amateur entertainment was given in connection with the Brighton Institute at the Town Hall. There was a large attendance, and the Mayor of Brighton presided. The programme, which was choice and comprehensive, and was spiritedly carried out, included readings and recitations by Messrs. J. H. Clark, R. Willshire, R. M. Whitington, A. Broad, and W. G. Stevenson; songs by Mrs. V. V. Brown and Mr. Smith; duets and solos by the Misses Brown, M. A. Baker, Addison, Randall, and Mrs. Randall, all excellently rendered. The affair was a coinplete success. PORT TOWN HALL. — The Port Adelaide Amateur Dramatic Club had most favourable weather for their benefit entertainment at the Town Hall, on Friday evening, and were rewarded by a bumper house. The use of the proscenium from White's Rooms bad been obtained, and was a great improvement on the previous stage arrangements. The programme commenced with songs by Messrs. J. A. Diamond, J. A. Plint, and another contributor, and the duet, "Albion, on thy Fertile Plains," by Messrs, Selth and Lawton, which was well rendered, and deservedly applauded. The colloquy between Hamlet and the Queen and the Death of Polonius was next presented, with the following caste : — The Queen, Mrs. H. J. Ray; Hamlet, Mr. T. Smith, jun.; Tho Ghost, Mr. R. H. A. Braddock; Polonius, Mr. Aikin. The scene waB capitally placed upon the boards, the dresses and appointments being appropriate, and the performers acquitting themselves in a manner whioh showed that their parts had been carefully studied; Mr. Smith deserving especial credit for his representation of the difficult character of the Prince of Denmark. At the conclusion of this performance the audience ve unmistakeable evidences of approval. Mr. f A. Diamond followed with a solo on the English concertina, and Messrs.. Selth, Plint, find Diamond with comic songs, each creating much amusement and eliciting loud acclamations. Mr. Braddock's recitation, "The- Progress of Madness," was somewhat out of place, but he acquitted hitaself 'creditably. After a short interval the curtain rose for an amusing farce, "The Tipperary Legacy," the parts in which were well sustained by Mi's. Ray, Messrs. T. Smith, G. R. Selth, W. F. Clark, J. A. Plint, G. Stevens, and F. Clark. THE TICHBORNE CLAIMANT.—Mr. H. Jones, the photographer, opposite the Town Hall, has issued a carte de visite of Sir Roger Charlos Tichborne, Bart., which will doubtless command attention and a ready sale. He received his copy per the mail steamer, and has therefore not lost much time in placing the picture before the public. The likeness if somewhat to the portraits that have appeared in the Graphic and Illustrated News. BDRRA PLOUGHING MATCH.—In the award list of the late match at Kooringa it should have been stated that the prize plough was presented by Messrs. Tuxford. THE CABLE—We learn that the Governor has received a telegram which states that the Australian cable had left England, and was expected to be oomplete in November. NOVEL CBAFT. — A short time since the Southern Argus saw at Milan? a small craft about the size of an ordinary dingy, belonging to a person named Paul Smith, who had brought his wife and family down in it from Wilcannia, a distance of somewhere about 2,000 miles. It is furnished with au awning, and has a paddle wheel on each quarter near the stern. It is worked with a crank and a rod projecting to near the bows of the boat, and to this a handle is fixed, which being moved by the navigator at an easy stroke sends the little craft along at a very fair rate. The steering is managed by means of two treadles, to which the rudder lines are attached, and which are worked by the feet. Altogether it is ingeniously contrived, and well calculated for the down trip, but going up would be a different matter. A PITBLIC-HOTJBE CASE. —On Tuesday night John Moody, a bushman, awoke Mrs. Opie, of the Smelters' Home, Kooringa, and her son, to ask for a night's lodging. He was told that the house was full; nevertheless, he kicked at an outer door and got it open. He then walked in and lay down by. the taproom fire; but Mr. Opie dressed, aiid insisted upou turning him out. They had a struggle, in the midst of which Moody said, "Let me put the knife away." Opie altywea him to do so, and put the man outside afterwards. On undressing again, Mr. Opie discovered that he had received a stab in the arm. Moody was arrested next day, and stated in defence that he lay down by the firie with his tobacco-knife open, and Opie seized him before he could close it. As the wound was a slight one, and not in such a position as to lead to the belief that the act was wilfully dose, the Magistrate the charge of cutting and wounding, but convicted the prisoner of disturbing the peace of a licensed house, and sentenced him to seven days' imprisonment. PKTTT THEFTS.—HE other evening the till of Mir. Dowty's stoseatWJllunga was rifled of 80s. to 40s. A whitewash-brush was stolen from the back of Mr. R.' Mortimer's house in the same neighbourhood; anamwillr. Weaver's dwelling, which was broken inw, a quantity of bacon was carried away. \- FOUND DEAD—Last week Police-trooper Dix buried the body of John Hood, who was found dead on Wankaringia Run, about 40 miles north-west of Winninie. It is supposed that the poor fellow died last March from want of water. " Bunt)®; DEATH.—On Tuesday Mrs. Jobson, of. WJlupga, was seised with violent spasms neartlbe region of the heart, and died in a few hours, leaving several children and their father, who Is^beoarae of chronic rheumatism, quite i>elples8,utterly destitute. ;I A0CIDBKT.—On Thursday, August 24, Paul Greeny a .young man, whilst rolling wheat at gamiantop, was knocked down by the horses, : which shied, and the roller passed over him, breaking: his right thigh, besides inflicting other Injuries. Xhe patient was admitted to the Adelaide HiJspitalon Friday. , OLIVB CDLTUBE.—During the present and last season thousands of young olive-trees, it is stated, have been planted in the Kapunda District. - I 