'Miscellaneous "Items. Ir has been determined to take steps to resuoitati the Wellington Masonio Lodge at Mudgee. Mr. Parkes is to address the eleotors of Mudgee 01 Friday, the 29th inst; ' The. red rust in wheat has appeared and spread witl marvellous rapidity at Toowoomba, Queensland. It is proposed to establish a Volunteer Company al Eyde. . The Hunter River Agricultural Show will be held on the 17th and 18th of April next. Mr. Morton Ta vares, the tragedian, and Miss Surteef (Mrs. Tavares) have left for Auckland, New Zealand. Tho Wesleyans of New Zealand are about to apply tc the British Conference for a Conference of their own. Messrs. J. G. O'Connor and R. A. Taylor, have beer, elected auditors of tho municipal accounts of Sydney, for the year 1872. The membern of the mathematical class at the School of Arts, have presented a handsome albumwith photo graphic likenesses to their teaoher,:Mr. Wright. A contemporary mentions that the larkspur is fatal to grasshoppers. ' They may bo seen lying dead in heaps in gardens where this plant is cultivated.' A sample of ore of antimony, found in a mine at Nundle, has been sent home to" England, in order to obtain a return of its value in the home market. The Rev. Canon Stephen has been obliged to relin quish his duties as minister of St. Paul's, inconsequence of ill health, and haB proceeded to Tasmania for three months. The Rev. Thomas Smith, incumbent of St. Barnabas, haB been elected Canon of St. Andrew's Cathedral, to fill the vaoanoy oreated in the chapter by the melan choly decease of the Rev. Canon Stack., A land league has been formed in Sydney, and a pro test has been drawn up against the measure recently introduced by the Government. The chief objection is the clause relating to pastoral homesteads. Mr. A. R. Blackec, son of Mr. Russell Blacket, of Wollongong, expects to bo ordained to Holy Orders in tho Church of England in the Diocese of Sydney, in March or April next. The coxswain and crew of the Newcastle life-boat have been presented with a sum of L26, as a tangible recognition of their valuable services on the occasion of the wreck of the barque Catherine. The now Catholic Church at Albury, wbioh will be one of the finest structures of the old Cathedral char acter out of Sydney, will bo completed and opened for publio worship in three or four months. Limestone his been found in quantity sufficient to serve New South Wales for some years to come, on the Myall Lakes, within nine or ten hours of Sydney by sailing vessels. Reaping is nearly over in the Wollombi district. A good deal of the late wheat has turned out badly, but it is many years sinoe such a large quantity of oats was grown. A Forester's Hall is to be ereoted in Sydney. It is estimated that it will cost upwards of L5000, which is to be raised in shares, issuable only to members of the order. Mr. Bayliss, the lessee of the Princess Theatre, Mel bourne, has been served with a writ by one of the mem bers of the company, who seeks to claim L1000 damages for breach of contract, defamation of character, and assault. A fire broke out on the premises of Mr. John Jones, Snail's Bay, Balmain, on Sunday. The house was totally destroyed. The alarm was given in Sydney, and the fire companies went over, but were not in time to render their services of any avail. A number of Polynesians, in the employ of Mr. Octave de Libert, of Magnolia, Queensland, having got drunk recently and oreated a disturbance, has offered L10 reward for information that will lead to the con viction of the parties them supplied him with liquor. James and Lydia Warren have both been committed for trial on a charge of having ill-treated a child, the daughter of the male prisoner. Fanny Boy 1er has also been committed on the charge of abducting an infant child named Sarah Matilda Gasson, from the lawful custody of her aunt Sophia Harvey. Intelligence has been received of the death in England of the Rev Edward Synge who arrived in this colony as the chaplain of the Bishop of Sydney in 1855, and was for several years actively engaged in the diocese. He died on the 10th Ootobei' lost of inflammation of the lungs. The Earl and the Countess of Belmore' left Throsby Park on Wednesday, on a visit to the Bishop of Goul burn and Mrs. Thomas, and are expected to return to tho Park to-day. On Thursday they gave an opportu nity to the ladies and gentlemen of Goulburn to pay their respects to them at Bishopthorpe. The Rev. G. Moreton, incumbent of St. Peter's, Woolloomooloo, with Mrs. Moreton, returned to the colony from England' on Tuesday in tho Strathdon. The rev. gentleman has considerably improved in health, and his parishioners intend to greet him with a cordial welcome. \- William Brown has been committed for trial at West Maitland, for having, at Anvil Creek, near Branxton, on the 13th instant, assaulted one Charlotte Carter, with intent to commit a rape. Alfred and Ernest Manning were also committed for aiding and abetting in tho attempt. A team of eight bullocks, belonging to a oarrior named Archer, were killed by lightning at Palmer's Oakey Fiat on Friday the 8th instant, and Archer nar rowly escaped the same fate. Tho same flash of lightning that killed the bullocks, afterwards struck a large tree and shivered it to atoms. The fine arts distribution of Mr. F. L. Montague, the resultB of whioh were advertised ia this journal, came off very satisfactorily. Mr. Montague announoes that he intends to take another annual tour into the ulte rior, and most probably he will take Bathurst first in the route. A new omnibus, constructed on the American prin ciple, but displaying many points of improvement upon the originals now running on the Darlinghurst route, has been made to the order of Messrs. Hoyt and Co. at the carriage manufactory of Messrs. Halley and Clyde, Pitt-street, and will commence running to Coogee on Boxing-day. A mau named John Corcoran, a shoemaker, has been committed for trial at Cooma, for a brutal crimi nal assault upon the person of Mary Scanes, the wife of a free-seleotor at Tilly's Gully, across the Snowy River, about a mile and a quarter from Mr. Ruther ford's station. Tho off enoe was committed on the 23rd of November, and the prisoner was in custody at Buckley's Crossing on the 25th. The Rev. E. 0. Pritchard, pastor of the Primitive Methodist Church in Crown- street, has delivered in the Oddfellow's Hall, Elizabeth-street, an interesting leoture-entitled the * Wonderful Story about a Won derful Book-on the Bible. The leoture was given in connexion with the Mutual Improvement Sooiety of the Crown-street Church, and Mr. Carruthers, the vice president of the sooiety, took tho ohair. The oattle in quarantine were removed to their new quarters, Garden Island, on Saturday. A meeting of stook importers and owners was convened for yesterday at the Agricultural Society's Rooms to consider whether ' and what steps can be taken to secure the prohibtion of further importations of cattle from the United Kingdom during the prevalence of the existing epidemic. » The Governor and Executive Oounoilhave been pleased on behalf of Her Majesty to aocept the servioea of the officers and teachers under the Council of Education ?whose names were forwarded to Government ia jUnI Inst, as desirous of being enrolled on the Volunteer Force. The Company will be attaohed to the Sydney Battalion ; they will wear the same uniform, and will be known as No. 7 Company. Several extensivo fires are reported from New Zea land. *A destructive conflagration by which eight houses were destroyed had taken place by accident in Chapel and Victoria streets, Auckland. The Choral Hall had been burned down, and the jury returned a verdiot of incendiarism. L1000 reward is offered for tho conviction of the incendiary. Another attempt has been made ' to raise a fire at Newton while the Chapel street fire was raging. One of the shareholders in No. 5, Happy Talley Gulgong, has died suddenly. He had been in the town only two nights before in apparently good health. His name was Joseph Millard, and he was a native of Stuf, fordshire ia England. Ho was thirty-five years old* On tho day of his death, feeling conscious that Lia end was at hand, he, by the assistance of his mates, made a will, bequeathing the sum of about L9000 in money and his interest in his claim to his mother, who resides iu England, It has long been thought that nuggets of gold increased in size while laying in the drift in which they aro found. Mr. 0. Wilkinson has lately announced to the Royal Society of Victoria that gold, when placed in a solution of ohloride of gold, in contact with organic matter, determines the deposit of liberated gold upon itself. Mr. Skey, of the New Zealand Geological Sur vey, has lately communicated a series of experiments giving similar results to the Wellington Philosophical Society. Dr. Morrison, a native of Aberdeen, thirty-throo years of age, and who arrived op. tho 19th instant as surgeon superintendent of the emigrant ship Strathdon died on Wednesday morning. He had been suffering from consumption. Tho deceased gentleman, being a stranger in th a colonies, wo» kindly taken in hand by Dr. Hamilton, who rendered all tho assistance in his powor, but his most assiduous attention and skill proved unavailing. The teachers and scholars of St. Clement's Church Sunday-school, Yass, have presented Archdeacon Lil lingston with a small tribute of their affection and gratitude, prior to his departure from Yass. The gift consists of a neatly- turned myall wood paper-weight, about three or four inches high, surmounted by a fern tree and emu beautifully designed in frosted silver. A silver plate circles the myall, and bears the following inscription : ' Presented to F. A. C. Lillingston, M.A., Archdeacon of Yass, by the scholars and teachers of St. Clement's Sunday-school, Yass. N.S.W., on the occasion of his leaving for England. 1871.' Intelligence has been received from New Zealand of the oapture of Keropa, the murderer of the Rev. Mr. Volkner. He is to be tried at Napier, and it is believed satisfactory evidence can be produced which will, with out doubt, convict this savage, who not only mur dered, but maltreated the body by swallowiug the eyes and drinking the blood of this sainted man of God, afterwards severing tho head from the body, preserv ing it in native form, and then carrying it with him os a trophy through the country on to Taranaki. The City Coroner has holden an inquest on tho body of Samuel Rigby, son of Thomas Rigby, dealer, Glebe. The boy was seventeen years of age, and was employed in driving a baker's cart at St. Leonard's. In company with another boy fifteen years of age, he went out on horsebaokto give their horses a swim in Neutral Bay. The animal on whioh deceased was mounted, plunged . and throw him into the water. Deceased could not swim, and he was drowned. The usual verdiot was returned Anglo-Australian in the European Mail culls the following note from a Brazilian paper re the Tichborne case :-' Mr. Julio Francis Berránt, a gentleman of the highest respectability, residing now in tho pro vince of Minus Gerae,s deolares that he travelled with Charles R. Tichborne from Lima, that they resided together in Rio Janeiro, that Mr. Tichborne purchased some pioture's and curiosities from him and forwarded them to his mother, Lady Tichborne ; that Mr. Tich borne sailed in the Bella for New York, whioh vessel was lost with all on board ; and that he still holds a passport of Charles R. Tichborne.' On Saturday evening a meeting of over 800 persons was held at the Haymarket, George-street, to advocate the claims bf the Permissive Bill. Mr. S. S. Goold, J.P., ocoupied the chair. After the secretary read the petition, Mr. J. Duff moved ' that the petition ba Bigned by the chairman on behalf of the meeting.' This resolution was seconded by Mr J. G. Oatley, supported by Mr. Alderman Roseby, and carried unanimously. After some addresses, a vote of thanks to the chairman, and three cheers to the Queen, brought the meeting to a close. The Commissioner of Police at Brisbane hos received the following telegram from Acting Sub-Inspector Collopy, at Ravenswood :-'Half-caste children about fifteen years of age have been seon with the blacks by the diggers at Broughton River rush. One black was caught who Bpoko some words of German, and he said an old whito mau was with his tribe a prisouer. It is believed to be Leichhardt.' It is not at all probable, says the Courier, that there is any nuy truth in this report as far as the ' old white man prisoner ' is con cerned, as the whole district has been traversed Bovoral times by whites. The Broughton is a tributary of the Burdekin River, and the new rush is about fifty milas from Ravenswood. The annual meeting of the Bethel Union was held last week in tho Mariner's Church, His Excellency the Earl of Belmore in the chair, Mr. R. Sadleir, R. N., read the report, whioh enumerated the improvements effected during the year .in the church, and the small amount of contributions. Mr. Neill (the treasurer) explained the disbursements of tho Union, and stated some alteration had been projected for the purpose of oollecting funds, whioh it was hoped would resuit more advantageously than heretofore. Several speakers addressed the meeting, and a general and aoting committee were appointed for the ensuing year. After a vote of thanks to tho Earl of Belmore ns chairman, to whioh his Excellency responded, the meeting closed. Shortly nf tar the arrival of the steamer Havilah from New Caledonia, on Friday, tho Customs officer in atten dance at the A. S. N. Oo.'s Wharf, discovered a fireman coming on shove with fivo bottles of sin, for which duty had not been paid. Upon being brought before tho Bench at tho Wator Tolioe Court, ho pleaded guilty, Btating that he purchased tho bottles at New Caledonia, and did not think when he was taking them away from the vessel that he was breaking tho law. The Benoh ordered tho prisoner to pay the minimum penalty of £10, and 5s. Od. costs of Court, which WSB immediately paid. The Customs authorities subse quently searched the Havilah, and colleoted a large quantity of wine, tobacco, and spirits, which they found secreted in various berths in the vessel ocoupied by the crew. The whole of the goode wero seised, and placed in the Queen's warehouse. , A deputation, consisting of Messrs. Baker and 1 Ohurob, M.L,A,'s, waited on the Minister for Lands, on iJía* morning, to ascertain the intention of the ir Jument in reference to tho settlement of the gold Mr. Wilson said that he had received Xl? Jin-nine tho report from the Commission sent to Sfafll the Western Gold-fields generally. It -Ks some important suggestions. He (Mr.-Wilson) S°J framed a short, bill which was under consideration ? the Cabinet, which would establish a court of .neal ' and he also had in view tho framing of new wlations. Those measures would meet present diffi mlties until such timo as the Government could intro ?" ft comprehensive scheme based on the report of m Gold-fields' Commission. Several matters of minor .mnortance were also discussed relative to the appoint ment of & surveyor. &o.;,and the deputation thanked {he Minister and withdrew. A social meeting of the lady subscribers to the City Mjision of Sydney, has boen held during the week ¡Tthe Temperance Hall. At the conclusion of the tea Mr. Thompson was called to the chair, and the meeting was addressed by Refus Robins, Hodgkinson, Drnoe, and Bowmaker, city missionaries, who gave some details of the work of reformation effected by the mission. Tho Rev. A. W. Webb, one of the hon. leoretaries, mentioned that the ladies' auxiliary to the moiety now numbered twenty-one lady collectors ; and ' that since its formation in March last year they had collected L200. Aa there were now five missionaries employed, instead of three formerly at work, a muoh larger income was required, and he therefore trusted that tho friends of the mission would endeavour"to inorease the number of the collectors. The following resolution hns been passed by the senate of tho University :-' The Senate of tho University of Sydney desiros to record their si-nse of the great IORS which that institution has suffered in the death of Alexander Morrison¡ Thomson, Esq., D. Sc. Having gained the highest honours in tho University of London, Dr. Thomson was selected by Sir Roderick Murchison , to fill the office of reader in geology in the University of Sydney. Somo time after his arrival here, the Senate was so impressed with the value of his services that they promoted him to the rank of professor, and inoreased his emoluments. During the "whole time of his residence in this colony he endeared himself to all who knew him by his modest and gentle demeanour, no less than he gained their admiration by the profound ness of his scientific knowledgo and untiring zeal as an investigator and as a teacher. The laying of tho memorial-stone of tho new Wes leyan Church, William-street, took place on Monday, in the presence of five or six hundred persons. The ceremony was performed by tho Rev. Gooree Hurst, and the following ministers and gentlemen were pre .aent-TheRevs. W. Curnow, H. H. Gaud, W.401ark, G. Martin, J. Watkin, J. B. Waterhouse, Messrs'. John Hardy, Thomas Rowe (architect), John Caldwell. A bottle containing copies of the daily publications, and o suitable inscription having been deposited in the cavity of the stone, Mr. Thomas Rowe presented a mallet and trowel to the Rev. Mr. Hurst. The mallet vas a very handsome implement of myall wood, with a plate of silver, bearing the monogram of Mr. Hurst at the top. The blade of the trowel was ornamented with a very elaborate and chaste engraving, and bore a suit able inscription. The stone having been adjusted in its place, and the usual formalities having been observed, the Rev. Mr. Hurst declared the stone to have been 1 well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, and of the 8on, and of the Holy Ghost. The Revs. George Hurst and H. H. Gaud then addressed the assemblage, and the company dispersed. A tea meeting was subse quently held in the Surry Hills sohool-room, and a publio meeting, also in connection with the laying of tho stone, was held in tho Bourke-street Church, .Mr. F. J. , Garrick, of Christchurch, New Zealand, presiding. The Rev. W. Clark made a statement with regard to the cost, &B.;, of the new building. The site on which it was erected cost L1500. Contracts had been accepted to the amount of L3340. It was expeoted that the cost of the building, including interest on bor rowed money, would reaoh about L5000. Towards that amount of expenditure there was about L1200 or j in hand. Several suitable addresses were made, and the choir sang several pieces of sacred music, accompanied by the now organ. On Sunday night, the 10th December, a brutal mur- der was committed at Cathcart, in the Bombala dis- trict, the victim being a Mrs. James Murphy, the wife of a free selector, who was absent from home at Bi-b benluke where he was engaged shearing. The house of the poor murdered woman is situated in a lonely but pretty spot, about one mile from the George and Dragon Hotel, Cathcart, and eleven miles from Bom- bala. The neat garden and cultivated paddocks which surrounded the place testified to the industry of deceased and her husband. It would appear that on the 11th, about 11 o'clock, the deceased's sister-in-law, Mrs. W. Murphy, went down to the hut for the pur- pose of getting some milk, but finding the place deserted, imagined that Mrs. Murphy had left home for some purpose or other, and was on the point of leav- ing, when, turning towards the wood heap, she dis- covered the deceased lying there. She became greatly terrified at the sad spectacle which met her sight, and immediatelyjran over to Mr. C. Deacon's residence and related what she had seen. Mr. Deacon at once pro- ceeded to the house of the murdered woman, and found her upon the ground some thirty yards from the door, with an axe, having blood upon it, by her side. She was desti- tute of clothing, with the exception of her night- dress. Her nightcap, torn to ribbons, was found in various parts of the yard, and to all appearances she had been dragged from her bed by the villain, but had not given up her life without a desperate struggle, for her body was covered with bruises, her hand clutched some of the hair of the murderer, and her wrists bore the marks of having been grasped by strong hands. There was a frightful gash at the back of her head, and she was otherwise wounded; her feet also bore the mpressions of nails from her murderer's boots. She must have eoen lying where she was found all the night, as her face was partly eaten away, it is supposed by dogs. A blanket and a quilt had blown partly off the body; the perpetrator of the horrible deed no doubt having brought them from the house and thrown them over his victim before leaving her. A man of the name of George E. Darcy, alias 'Black Ned,' has been arrested on suspicion of the murder, and stood remanded till yesterday (22nd instant). 