THE MAGAZINES FOR JANUARY. /le'yraeia winds tip " Milly Dwell " in a wanner thoroughly ohnrncterLtic of the talented authoress. We have a sudden death, an attempt at murder, a suicide, and a wedding." " The Hospi- tal Mistelioe" is a sad story pleasantly told. It has the uncommon merit of being short, almost too short, indeed. Mr. Mew tells the story of "Cymrm and I phigene1' over again in very plensant ver»e. ' A Carnival at King's Cross" is an account, of a Tnrn-verein held in that, melancholy neighborhood lust ye nr. Here is one of the # peculiarities of r,hn . Deutsehnr mind when it gives itself up to dissipation — IJel'oro each visitor was placed a hollow reed-like instrument a foot, in length; with a hole at one side and parchment at both ends, and through which a man could blow or murmur -his favorite air, with a certain musical intonation that became agree able to himself, if not always satisfac tory to'his neighbour, probably engaged in breathing his soul out in a particular melody of his own. There was a strange facination about these reed-pipes, with their bright-colored papers twisted round them ; and though the first in stinct was to leave them alone, and not contribute to the noise which prevailed, a general chorus, a march from Faust, u well-known Lied, would after a while overmaste.1 a sense of the absurdity of the situation, and a visitor would sudenly discover himself humming and buzzing through the pipe with as grave an expression of countenance as a first- fidrtle at the opera. These pines were the great feature of the Carnival of 1870 at King's Cross. There were a great many who could sing, n greater number who understood music, and tho members of German choral societies had' mustered in lull force ; hence there was no small harmony at times, and until .tl1? Biy p-as over, when there followed Coolc-crowings, the Wfir-cn'es of an Indian tribe,'1 or of all the Indian tribes, in fact, together with a wailling and shrieking as of lost sonls in Pandemonium, and of lost cats among the railway arches in the immediate vicinity, until the chairman's hammer brought the company once more to the little sense of decorum that was left." When the foundations of the building in which the festival was held were being dug, a native of the district told the writer: — "Tt was always a toss-up, sir, whether a pewter pot or a poor babby came uppermost with the next shovelful." King's Cross is not a pleasant place now. It must have been very unpleasant then. The night described, however, seems to JiRve been a right merry one, but " There are sleeping before Metz and Sedan, and on other battle-fields of struggling France, more than one brave German youth who jingled the hells upon his cap last Lent, with no shadow of the war upon him." "The ITnunted Rock" is a ghost, story connected with a lighthouse, and is ono of the true old- fashioned flesh-creeping sort. "Year Oni of the Republic," is a letter re ceived by balloon-post from Mr. F. M. Wbitehurst, a besieged resident in Paris — not the besieged resident — and who for some years was tho special correspondent to'thn Daily Telegraph in that city. Mr. Whiteburst has no liking for the turn things have taken. The title of the paper, notwithstanding, it is rather an excuse for the Emnire than a history of the Republic. That Paris, under the Emperor, was a very -wicked place, Mr. Wbitehurst is fain to confess, but then the wickedness paid, and morality may not, and so the chaDge is deplored. The paper is one other instance of those moral twists that get into the nature of some men. "Fenton's Quest" is continued, and die interest deepens. The other papers of the number are good, and the engrav ings creditable. Colburii's A'cw Monthly opens with " The Black Sea Question," which has to he fully considered by tho nations of th4 world sometime during the course ol next week, so, in the meantime, we can leave it alone very gracefully. "The Adventures of a Farce" gives promise of. pleasant adventure, and offers '-hostages for pleasant writing. " Fitzgerald's Principles of Comedy1"" Home jYcws readers aae already ac quainted with. The article in Colbum is of it decided v " slashing cbarneter," and as sucli will attract attention, al most as much, indeed, as Mr. Fitz gerald's hook itself. It is a pitv that Mr. Friswell was not furnished with " advance sheets " of Colburu for Jan uary before lie wrote bis " Honest Cri ticisms." Had Mr. Fitzgerald been called upon to pay at ordinary adver tising rate for the notice he is accorded by the writer in Colbum. the profits derivable from the sale of "The Princi- ples'of Comedy " might he easily in creased. Here is a specimen of the style (?) of modern "slashing criti cism " Personally, we have not the slightest objection to Mr. Fitzgerald's quoting to any extent he may think ad visable. So lon<r as lie gives ns any body hut himself we are, as a matter ef personal choice, too well pleased to complain, ft is with a sensible feeling of relief that, after having listened for a page or two to rlie incessant dribble of his ill considered common-places, we come upon an entire scene front ' She Stoops to Conquer.' And, again, "Tt is in liis mm on 'Burlesque' that Mr. Percy Fitzgerald, M.A,, doth most lavishly display his faculty for padding. Not orilv does lie give 11s whole page ex-uoiiles of modern bur lesques, but, adopting a playing tonp, lie turns those productions into fan For the relief of renders, whom he evidently thinks have been somewhat fatigued by his 'earned and exhaustive disquisitions on ilia more serious topics. And, in deed, he bns some reason for his suppo sition. Cut lie might, nevertheless, have spared ns his fun. It is adding insult to injury. .We can assurn Mr. FLzgerahl that we' prefer him in any other capacity. His jokes are really the most, dreary effusions to which we have ever given ear. And wo can fur- ther assure liira that in his plavful attempts to burlesque- ' Burlesque.' he falls infinitely below the poor standard of those unlnrtutiiite scribes who have been selected as ike'victiins of his re lentless jocularity. If Mr. Fitzgerald will be advised Vy us, he won't try to be funny in any future volumes which he may inflict upon the public. His fooling is positively even less entertain ing than his philosophising." This may may he a good specimen of the modern manner of " cutting up" a man, but it is not literary criticism, and we are sorry to see it finding a plneo in Col- burn. " My Romance at Jerusalem the Golden"— the Grand Hotel at Brighton is so called by some — is a story with a moral, especially for half- pay officers returned from India. Tho Contemporary I'eview litis latterly enlisted a lawyer 011 its roll of contri butors. The author of " Ginx's Baby " claims, with perfect proprietary, a right to be heard. In connection with the baby, he told a story that all men should learn. In the Contempoaary he flies at higher game, and if not always accurate in his aim, lie always makes earnest endeavor. " Imperial Fede ralism " is well worth reading ; whether its teachings are of value, is a question that requires and deserves consideration. Colonists, at any rate, must, feel inte rested in every phase of the question. " The Mistake of Honest Democrats " is a noteworthy and appropriate paper. Noteworthy, because of the thought it indicates, and appropriate, because of the " signs of the tcvys." " The Pre sent Relations of Physical Science to Mental Philosophy " treats of a subject of almost universal thought and discus sion, and upon which it is impossible to throw too much light. "The War and General Culture " is one of thoso conver sations for which the author of "Friends in Council " has become famous. Here is a picture of some of the points of a battlefield after the battle is over. Mil- verton is the speaker. He des cribes a wounded man : " Is he a lover? He thinks of her. It is not always of their sorrowful parting that he thinks ; for that strangely errant and ungovernable thing, memory, carries him back, per haps, to some fond hour, hitherto forgotten — as when, one summer day, she threw wild flowers in his face, while they were walking by the river side, and was shy, and would not come as near to him as he wished ; but Jnever looked more beautiful. There is a strange complacency in his mind at the thought that he will bo so much mourned over by her. If this bleeding would but stop, he would scribble some thing to her, at least write her name. But it is so cold, and he must sleep for a few' minutes. He will write her name when he awakes. But ho never does awake. Is he a son, too young, per haps, to have been smitten very deeply with love, for a maiden ? Etis dying thoughts are wholly with his mother. No one scene, either of dread parting or of plavful affection, brings her image heforc'him, for, from his mother it has been continuous love ; and it is the fond recollection of his whole short lifetime, shared with her, that is pre sent to his mind at onc.e. -Her grief, which he knows will not cease until her life ceases, is no consolation to him. Is he a husband and a father ? His are the bitterest feelings. There is no con solation here — at least, no earthly con solation. What a world this is, in which he leaves those dear ones, is but too clearly manifest to him from tho way in which he has been made to de part from it. It would be a temptation worthy of the Arch-Tempter himself, standing by that dying soldier, to try what nortiou of his soul's wel fare he "would imperil, so that he might he permitted to behold his wife and children once again, if only in this dying hour. He listens for aid to come — to him life is still inexpressibly dear. Ilebearstbegallopingofhorse; but bis trained hearing knows that this is only the quick pursuit of friends or foes, and not tbe approach of any aid for him. The cold wind makes its strident noise amidst the reeds ; he watches them bend before it; and it is, perhaps, the last thing that he sees or thinks about. Some, the least fatally wounded, have spare thought for a fellow-sufferer lving near, and crawl to aid him ; but the most part are lost in an overpower ing pity and sorrow for themselves. And, besides, they are so thirsty ! There is in all their minds, wbrj-her they are sons, husbands, or lovers, a pervad ing sense of horrible ill-usage, ill-usnge by whom they scarcely know or care; but had thev energy, they would be in clined to curse the universal nature of things. Anil oh, my God ! how I wish that some of those who are the prime causes of all this agony, could sufl'ersomo of tho agony they cause. Hut no : they are away in sung rooms, telegraphing accounts of victory, or summoning for slaughter new levies to their aid. Their time luis not yet come." 