UNCLE SILAS : A TALE OF BARTRAM-HAUGH. CHAPTER XXVIH. I AM PERSUADED. Br J. S. LE FAKU, " Wylder'e Hand," "The House by the Churchyard," Ac. &c.; So now at last I bad beard the story of Uncle Silas's mysterious disgrace. We sat silent for a while, and I, gazing into vacancy, sent liim in a chariot of triumph, chapletted, ringed, and robed throngb the city of imagination, crying after him, "Innocent! innocent! martyr and crowned 1" All tbe virtues and honesties, reason and conscience, in myriad shapes—tier above tier of human faces—from tbe crowded pavement, crowded windows, crowded roofs, joined in the jubilant acclamation, and trumpeters trumpeted, and drums rolled, and great organs and choirs through open cathedral gates, rolled anthems of praise and thanksgiving, and bells rang out, and cannons sounded, and the air trembled with the roaring harmony; and Silas Rutliyn, the full-length portrait, stood in tbe burnished chariot, with a proud, sad, clouded face, that rejoiced not with tbe rejoicers, and behind him the slave, thin as a ghost, white-faced, and sneering something in his ear ; while I and all the city went on crying •" Innocent! innocent 1 martyr and crowned !" And now the reverie was ended; and there were only Lady Knollys' 6tern, thoughtful : face, with the pale light of sarcasm on it, and the storm outside thundering and lamenting desolately. i It was very good of Cousin Monica to stay i with me so long. It must have been un- : speakably tiresome. And now she began : to talk of business at home, and plainly to prepare for immediate flight, and my heart sank. I know that I could not then have'defined my feelings and agitations. I am not sure that I even now could. Any misgiving about Uncle Silas was, in my mind, a questioning the foundations of my faith, and in itself an impiety. And yet I am not sure that some such misgiving, faint, perhaps, and intermittent, may not have been at the bottom of my tribulation. I was not very well. Lad}- Knollys had gone out for a walk. She was not easily tired, and sometimes made a long excursion. The sun was setting now, when Mary Quince brought me a letter which had just arrived by the post. My heart throbbed violently. I was afraid to break the broad black seal. It was from Uncle Silas. I ran over in my mind all the unpleasant mandates which it might contain, to try and prepare myself for a shock. At last I opened the ietter. It directed me to hold myself in readiness for the journey to Bartram-Haugh. It stated that I might bring two maids with mo if I wished so many, and that his next letter would give me the details of my route, and the day of my departure for Derbyshire ; and he said that I ought to make arrangements about Knowl during my absence,,^: ' that ho was hardly the person properly bo consulteiLoB-^r 1 .-^'^!^- Then etm. ~-PF>r ! ~ '• :••"-'-"••>•»*-Jailed to at-j^, -ir.r . ".•.> VCinJull satisfaction nr ' , i.;^j^-iiilght enter upon 3*4 iv^iiiifcia itfH' spirit of prayer. \- ~ I looked round my room, so long familiar, and now so endeared by the idea of parting and change. The old house—dear, dear Knowl, how could I leave you and all your affectionate associations, and kind looks and voices, for a strange land ! With a great sigh I took Uncle Silas's letter, and went down stairs to the drawingroom. From the lobby window, where I loitered for a few moments, I looked out upon the well-known forest-trees. The sun was down. It was already twilight, and the white vapours of coming night were already filming their thinned and yellow foliage. Everything looked melancholy. How little did those who envied the young inheritrix of a princely fortune suspect tbe load that lay at her heart, or, bating the fear of death, bow gladly at that moment she would have parted with her life! Lady Knollys had not yet returned, and it was darkening rapidly; a mass of black clouds stood piled in the west, through the chasms of which was still reflected a pale metallic lustre. The drawing room was already very dark ; but some streaks of this cold light fell upon a black figure, which would otherwise have been unseen, leaning beside the curtains against the window frame. It advanced abruptly, •with creaking shoes ; it was Doctor Bryerly. I "was startled and surprised, not knowing how he had got there. I stood staring at liim in the dusk rather awkwardly, I am afraid. " How do you do, Miss Ruthyn ?". said he. extending bis hand, long, hard, and brown as a mummy's, and stooping A little BO as to approach more nearly, for it was not easy to see in the imperfect light. " You're surprised, I dare say, to see me here so soon again ?" " I did not know you had arrived. I am glad to see you, Doctor Bryerly. Nothing unpleasant, I hope, has happened ?" " No, nothing unpleasant, Miss. The will has been lodged, and we shall have probate in due course ; but there has been something on my mind, and I'm come to ask you two or three questions which you had better answer very considerately. Is Lady Knollys still here?" " Yes, but she is not returned from her •walk." " I am glad she is here. I think she takes a sound view, and 'women understand one •another better. As for me, it is plainly my doty to put it before you as it strikes me, and to offer all I can do La accomplishing, should you wish it, a different arrangement. You don't know your uncle, you said the other day ?" " No, I've never seen him." " You understand your late father's intention in making you his ward?" "I suppose he wished to sbow his high opinion of tny uncle's fitness for such a trust." "That's quite true; bat the nature of the bust in this instance"is extraordinary." "I don't understand." " Why, if you die before yon come to the t age of twenty-one, the entire of the property will go to liim—do you see ?—and he has the custody of your person in the meantime; p you are to live in his house, under bis care and authority. You Bee now, I think, how it is; and I did not like it when your father read the ' trill to me, and I said so. Do you, ?" I hesitated to speak, not sore that T quite -comprehended him. • . " s t R i •• And the more I think of it, the less I like it, Miss," said Doctor Bryerly' in a calm, stern tone. "Merciful Heaven! Doctor Bryerly, you can't suppose tjiat I should not be as safe in my uncle's house as in tbe Lord Chancellor's ?'' I ejaculated, looking full in his face. " But don't you see, Miss, it is not a fair position to put your uncle in," replied be, after a little hesitation. " But suppose he does not think so. You know, if he doos, ho may decline it." " Well that's true—but he won't. Here is his letter"—and he produced it—"announcing officially that he means to accept the office; but I think he ought to be told it is not delicate, under all circumstances. You know, Miss, that your uncle, Mr. Silas Rutliyn, was talked about so unpleasantly." " You mean" 1 began. " I mean about the death of Mr. Charkc, at Bartram-Haugh." " Yes, I have heard that," I said ; he was speaking with a shocking aplomb. " We assume, of course, unjustly; but there are many -who think quite differently-" "And possibly, Doctor Bryerly, it was for that very reason that my dear papa made him my guardian." " There can be no doubt of that, Miss ; it was to purge him of that scandal." " And when he has acquitted himself honourably of that trust, don't you think such a proof of confidence so honourably fulfilled must go far to silence his traducers ?" " Why, if all goes well, it may do a little ; but a great deal less than you fancy. But take it that you happen to die, Miss, during your minority. We are all mortal, and there are three years and some months to go; how will it be then ? Don't you see ? Just fancy how people will talk." "I think you know tbat my uncle is a religious man?" said I. "Well, Bliss, what of that?",he asked again. " He is—he has suffered intensely," I continued. " He has long retired from the world ; he is very religious. Ask our curate, Mr. Fairfield, if you doubt it." " But I am not disputing it, Miss; I'm only supposing what may happen—an accident, •we'll call it small-pox, diptheria, that's going very much. Three years and three months, you know, is a long time. You proceed to Bartram- Haugh, thinking you have much goods laid up for many years; but your Creator, you know, may say, " Thou fool, this day is thy soul required of thee." You go— and what pray is thought of your uncle, Mr. Silas Ruthyn, who walks in for the entire inheritance, aud who has long been abused like a pickpocket, or worse, in his own county, I'm told ?" " You are a religious man, Doctor Bryerly, according to your lights ?" I said, Tbe Swcdenborgian smiled. "Well, knowing tbat ho is so too, and having yourself experienced tbe power of religion, do not you. think him deserving of every confidence ? . Don't you -think it well that he should <j8re this opportunity of exhibiting both liifi^gp^aMctpraiid .vih myde^lffife^os^n^^ffli^ hould leave ail consequences and contin- .... ies in tbe hands of Heaven ?" "It appears to have been the will of Heaven hitherto," said Docter Bryerly—I could not see with what expression of face, but he was looking down, and drawing little diagrams with his stick on the dark carpet, and spoke in a very low tone—" that your uncle should Buffer under this ill report. In countervailing the appointment of Providence, we must employ our reason, with conscientious diligence, as to the means, and if we find that they are as likely to do mischief as good, we have no right to expect a special inter-position to turn our experiment into an ordeal. I think you ought to weigh it well—I am suro there are reasons against it. If you make up your mind that you would rather be placed under tho care, say of Lady Knollys, I will endeavour all I can to effect it." " That could not be done without his consent, could it ?" said I. " No, but I don't despair of getting that —on terms of course," remarked he. "I don't quite understand," I said. " I mean, for instance, if he were allowed to keep the allowance for your maintenance —eh?" " I mistake my uncle Silas very much," I said, " if that allowance is any object whatever to him compared with the moral value of the position. If he were deprived of tbat, I am sure he would decline the other." "We might try him at all events," said Doctor Bryerly, on whose dark sinewy features even in this imperfect light, I thought I detected a smile. " Perhaps," said I, "I appear very foolish in supposing him' actuated by any but sordid motives ; but he is my near relation, and I can't help it, sir?" " This is a very serious thing Miss Ruthyn," he replied, " You are very young, and cannot see it at present, as you will hereafter. He is very religious, you say, and all that, but his house is not a proper place for you. It is a solitude—its master an outcast, and it has been the repeated scene of all sorts of scandals and of one -great crime; and Lady Knollys thinks yaur having been domesticated there will- be an injury to you all the days of •your life." " So I do, Maud," said Lady Knollys, who bad just entered the room unperceived,—How do you do, Docter Bryerly ?—a serious injury. You have no idea how entirely that house is condemned and avoided, and the very name of its inmates tabooed." "How monstrop — how cruel! I exclaimed. f~ " Very unpleasant, my dear, but perfectly natural. You are to recollect that quite independently of the story of Mr.Charke, the house was talked about, and the ...country people had cut your uncle Silas long before that adventure was dreamed of; and as to the circumstance of your being placed in his charge by his brother, who took, from strong family feeling, a totally one-sided view of the affair from the first, having the slightest effect in restoring his position in the county, you must give that op. Except me, if he will allow me, and the clergyman, not a soul in the country will visit at Bartram-Haugh. They may pity you, and think the whole thing' the climax of folly and cruelty ; ''but they won't visit at Bartram, or know Silas,-or have anyhing to do with his household. 1 " They will see, at all events, what my dear apa's opinion was." They know that already," answered she, and it has not, and ought not to have, the lightest weight with them. There are people here who think themselves as great as the uthyns, or greater; sad your poor father's dea of carrying it by a demonstration was m c s s p I D m m simply the dream of a man who had forgotten the world, and learned to exaggerate himself in his long seclusion. I know he was beginning himself to hesitate ; and I think if he had been spared another year that provision of his will would not have been struck out." Docter Bryerly nodded, and he then said— " And if he had tho power to dictate new, would he insist on that direction ? It is in eveiy way injurious to you, his child; and should you happen to die during your sojourn under your uncle's care, it would wofully defeat the testator's object, and raise such a storm of surmise and enquiry as would awaken all England, and send the old scandal on the wing through the world again." " Doctor Bryerly will, I have no doubt, arrange it all. In fact, I do not think it would be very difficult to bring Silas to terms; and if you do not consent to his trying, Maud, mark my words you will live to repent it." Here were two persons viewing tbe question from totally different points ; both perfectly disinterested; both in their different ways, I believe, shrewd and even wise ; and both honourable, urging me against it, and in a way that undefinably alarmed my imagination, as well as moved my reason. I looked from one to the other—there was a silence. By this time the candles had come and we could see one another." "I only await your decision, Miss Rutliyn," said the trustee, " to see you uncle. If his advantage was the chief object contemplated in this arrangement, he will be the best judge whether his interest is really best consulted by it or not; and I think he will clearly see that it is not so, and will answer accordingly." " I cannot answer now—you must allow me to think it over—I will do my best. I am very much obliged, my dear Cousin Monica, you are so very good, and you too, Doctor Bryerly." Doctor Bryerly by this time was looking into his pocket book, and did not acknowledge my thanks even by a nod. " I must be in London tho day after tomorrow. Bartram-Haugh is nearly sixty miles from here, and only twenty of that by rail, I find. Forty miles of posting over those Derbyshire mountains is slow work; but if you say try, I'll see him to-morrow morning." " You must say try—you must my dear Maud, " But how can I decide in a moment ? Oh, dear Cousin Monica, I am so distracted!" " But you need not decide at all; the dedision is with him. Come ; he is more competent than you. You must say yes." Again I looked from her to Doctor Bryerly, and from him to her again. I threw my arms about her neck, and hugging her closely to me, I cried— " Oh Cousin Monica, dear Cousin Monica, advise me. I am a wretched creature. You must advise me." J-^H'-W^lut'VOl Jsow irresolute a chr:' •' ! it..: fbne of her voice the'- .-.Iv- 'c.v.i: answered— \- ""Why^aerar," 1' tave- advised you ; I do advise you;" and then she added, impetuously " I entreat and implore, if you really think I love you, that you will follow my advice. It is your duty to leave your uncle Silas, whom you believe to be more competent than you are, to decide, after full conference with Doctor Bryerly, who knows more of your poor father's views and intentions in making that appointment than either you or I." "Shall I say yes?" I cried, drawing her close, and kissing her, helplessly. " Oh, tell me—tell me to say, ye6." " Yes, of course, yes. She agrees, Doctor Bryerly, to your kind proposal." "I am to understand so?" he asked, "Very well—yes, Doctor Bryerly," I replied. "You have resolved wisely and well," said he, briskly, like a man who has got a care off his mind. " I forgot to say, Doctor Bryerly—it was very rude—tbat you must stay here tonight." "He can't, my dear," interposed Lady Knollys ; " it is a long journey." "He will dine. Won't you, Doctor Bryerly?" " No; he can't. You know you can't, sir, said my cousin, peremptorily. " You must not worry him, him my dear, with civilities he can't accept. He'll bid us good-bye this moment. Good-bye, Doctor Bryerly. You'll write immediately; don't wait till you reach town. Bid him good-bye, Maud. I'll say a word to you in the hall." And thus she literally hurried him out of the room, leaving me in a state of amazement and confusion, not able to review my decision —unsatisfied, but still unable to recall it. I stood where they had left me, looking after them, I suppose, like a fool. Lady Knollys returned in a few minutes. If I had been a little cooler I was shrewd enough to perceive that she had sent poor Doctor Bryerly away upon his travels, to find board and lodging half-way to Bartram, to remove him forthwith from my presence, and thus to make my decision—if mine it was— irrevocable. " I applaud you, my dear," said Cousin Monica, in her turn embracing me heartily. " You are a sensible little darling, and have done exactly what you ought to hare done." " I hope I have," I faltered. "Hope? .fiddle! stuff! the thing's as plain as a pikestaff." And. in came Branston to say that dinner was served. CHAPTER XXIX. HOW THE AMBASSADOR PAEED. Lady Knollys, I could plainly see, when we got into the brighter lights at the dinner table, was herself a good deal excited; she was relieved and glad, and .was garrulous during .our meal, andUoYd"ifie all her early recollections of dear papa. Most of them I had heard before; but they could not be told too often. Notwithstanding my mind sometimes wandered, often indeed, to the conference so unexpected, so suddenly decisive, possibly "so omentous ; and with a dismayed uncertainty, the question—had I done right ?—was always before me. r I dare, say my cousin understood my haracter better, perhaps, alter all my honest elf-study, than I do even now. Irresolute, uddenly reversing my own decisions,', imetuous in action as she knew me, she "feared, am sure, a revocation of zay commission to octor Bryerly, and thought of the counterand X might send galloping after him. ' 8o, kind creature, she laboured to occupy y tkonghts, and when one theme was ext s a halted found another, and had always her parry prepared as often as I directed a reflection or an enquiry to the re-opening of the question which she had taken so much pains to close. That night I was tronbled. I was already upbraiding myself. I could not sleep, and at last sat up in bed, and cried. I lamented my weakness in having assented to Dr. Bryerly's and my cousin's advice. Was I not departing from my engagement to my dear papa ? Was I not consenting that my ancle Silas should be induced to second my breach of faith by a corresponding perfidy ? Lady Knollys had done wisely in despatching Doctor Bryerly so promptly; for, most assuredly, had he been at Knowl next' morning when I came down I should have recalled my commission. That day in the study I found four papers which increased my perturbation. They were in dear papa's handwriting, and had an in' dorsement in these words—" Copy of my letter addressed to , one of the trustees named in my will." Here, then, were the contents of those four sealed letters which had excited mine and Lady Knollys' curiosity on the agitating day on which the will was read. It contained these words:— " I name my oppressed and unhappy brother, Silas Ruthyn, residing at my house of Bartram-Haugh, as guardian of the person of my beloved child, to convince the world, if possible, and failing that, to satisfy at least all future generations of our family, that his brother, who knew him best, had implicit confidence in him, and that he deserved it. A cowardly and preposterous slander, originating in political malicc, and which would never have been whispered had be had not been poor and imprudent, is best silenced by this ordeal of purification. All I possess goes to him if my child dies under age; and the custody of her person I commit meanwhile to him alone, knowing that she is as safe in his as she could have been under my own care. I rely upon your remembrance of our early friendship to make this known wherever an opportunity occurs, and also to say what your sense of justice may warrant." The other letters were in the same spirit. My heart sank like lead as I read them, quaked with fear. What had I done ? My father's wise and noble vindication of our dishonoured name I had presumed to frustrate, I had, like a coward, receded from my easy share in the task; and, merciful Heaven, I had broken my faith with the dead! With those letters in my hand, white with fear, I flew like a shadow to the drawing-room where Cousin Monica was, and told her to read them. I saw by her countenance how much alarmed she was by my looks, but she said nothing, only read tho letters hurriedly, and then exclaimed— " Is this all, my dear child ? I really fancied you had found a second will, and had lost evfwf4(ina Why, mydnarast Msmd-^e poo.* .1;<; • — " •'- . •• oat. .: ' .•••',•"-•'• 'right; it all seems quite reasonable now; and I—oh, what a crime !—it must be stopped." "My dear Maud, listen to reason. Doctor Bryerly has seen your uncle at Bartram at least two hours ago. You can't stop it, and why 01 I earth should you if you could ? Don't you think your uncle should be consulted ?" said she. "But he has decided. I have his letter speaking of it as settled; and Doctor Bryerly —oh, Cousin Monica, he's gone to tempt him." "Nonsense, girl! Doctor Bryerly is a good and just man, I do believe, aud has, beside, no imaginable motive to pervert either his conscience or his judgment. He's not gone to tempt him—stuff!—but to unfold tho facts and invite his consideration ; and I say, considering how thoughtlessly such duties are often undertaken, and how long Silas has been living in lazy solitude, shut out from the world, and unused to discuss anything, I do think it only conscientious and honourable that he should have a fair and distinct view of the matter in all its bearings submitted to him before he indolently incurs what may prove the worst danger he was ever involved in." So Lady Knollys argued, with feminine energy, and I must confess, with a good deal of the repetition which I have sometimes observed in logicians of my own sex, and she puzzled without satisfying me. " I don't know why I went to that room," I said,'quite frightened; " or why I went to that press ; how it happened that these papers, which we never saw there before, were the first things to strike my eye to- day." " What do you mean, dear ?" said Lady Knollys. " I mean this—I think I was brought there, and that there is poor papa's appeal to me, as plain as if his hand cauie and wrote it upon the wall." 1 nearly screamed the conclusion of this wild confession. " You are nervous, my darling; your bad nights have worn you out. Let us go out; the air will do you good; and I do assure you that you will very soon see that we are quite right, and rejoice conscientiously that you have acted as you did." But I was not to be satisfied, although my first vehemence was quieted. In my prayers that night my conscience upbraided me. When I lay down in bed my nervousness returned fourfold. Everybody at all nervously excitable has suffered some time or another by the appearance of ghastly features presenting themselves in eveiy variety of contortion, one after another, the moment the eyes are closed. This night, my dear father's face troubled me—sometimes white and sharp as ivory, sometimes strangely transparent like glass, sometimes all hanging in cadaverous folds, always with the same unnatural expression of diabolical fury. From this dreadful vision I could only escape by sitting up and staring at the light. At length, worn out, I dropped asleep, and in a dream I distinctly heard papa's voice say sharply outside the bed-curtain—" Maud, we shall be late at Bartram-Haugh." And I awoke in a horror, the walls, as it seemed, still ringing with the summons, and the speaker, I fancied, standing at the other side of the curtain. A miserable night 1 passed. In the morning, looking myself like a ghost, I stood in my night-dress by Lady Knollys' bed. I have had my warning," I said. " Oh, Cousin Monica, papa has been with me, and ordered me to Bartram-Haugh; and go I will." She stared in my face uncomfortably, and then, tried to laugh the matter off; but I know he was troubled at the strange state to which gitation and suspense had reduced me. "You're takihg too much for granted, Maud," said she; " Silas Buthyn, most likely, will refuse his consent, and insist on your gding to Bartram-Haugh." " Heaven grant 1" I exclaimed; "but if he doesn't, it is all the same to me, go I will. He may torn me out, but I'll go, and try to expiate the breach of faith that I fear is so horribly wicked." We had several hours still to wait for the arrival of the post. For both of us the delay was a suspense; for me an almost agonising one. At length, at an unlooked-for moment, Branston did enter the room with the postbag. There was a large letter, with the Feltram post-mark, addressed to Lady Knollys —it was Doctor Bryerly's despatch; wo read it.together. It was dated on the day before, and its purport was thus :— "RESPECTED MADAM,—I this day saw Mr Silas Iiutbyn at Bartram-Haugb, and he peremptorily refuses, on any terms, to vacate the guardianship, or to consent to Miss Ruthyn's residing anywhere but under his own immediate care. As he bases his refusal, first upon a conscientious difficulty, declaring that he has no right, through fear of personal contingencies, to abdicate an office imposed in so solemn a way, and so naturally devolving on him as only brotber to the deceased; ana secondly upon the effect such a withdrawal, at the instance of the acting trustee, would have upon his own character, amounting to a public self-condemnation; and as he refused to discuss these positions with me, I could make no way whatsoever with him. Finding therefore, that his mind was quite made up, after a short time I took my leave. He mentioned that preparations for bis niece's reception are being completed, and that he will send for her in a few days; so tbat I think it will be advisible tbat I should go down to Know], to assist Miss Rutliyn with any advice she may require before her departure, to discharge servants, get inventories made, and provide for the care of the place and grounds during her minority. " I am, respected Madam, yours truly, " HANS E. BRYEBLY." I can't describe to you how chapiallen and angry my cousin looked. She sniffed once or twice, and then said, rather bitterly, in a sub dued tone:— " Well, now; I hope you are pleased ? " " No, no, no; you knoro I'm not—grieved to tbe heart, my only friend, my dear Cousin Monica; but my conscience is at rest; you don't know what a sacrifice it is; I am a most unhappy creature. I feel an indescribable foreboding. I am frightened; but you won't forsake me, Cousin Monica." " No, darling, never," she said, sadly. " And you'll come and see me, won't you, as often as you can f " "Yes, dear; that is if Silas allows me; and I'm sure be will,'" she added hastily seeing^ J, supposf T-Bjj tsrFer-4s-ay'{iibe. "All I can do, you may be sure I will, and perhaps he will allow you to come to me, now aad then, for a short visit. You know I am only six miles sway—a little more than half an hour's drive, and though I hate Bartram, and detest Silas—Yes, I detest Silas," she repeated in reply to my surprised gaze—" I will call at Bartram—that is, I say, if he allows me; for, you know, 1 haven't been there for a quarter of a century; and though I never understood Silas, I fancy lie forgives no sins, whether of omission or commission." I wondered what old grudge could make my cousin judge Uncle Silas always so hardly —I could not suppose it was justice. I had seen my hero indeed lately so disrespectfully handled before my eyes, that he had, as idols will, lost something of his sacredness. But as an article of faith, I still cultivated my trust in his divinity, and dismissed every intruding doubt with an exorcism, as a suggestion of the evil one. But I wronged Lady Knollys in suspecting her of pique, or malice, or anything more than that tendency to take strong vit ws which some persons attribute to my sex. So, then, the little project of Cousin Monica's guardianship, which, had it been poor papa's wish, would have made me so very happy, was quite knocked on the head, to revive no more. I comforted myself, however, with ber promise to re-open communications with Bartram- Haugh, "and we grew I remember, next morning, as we sat at a very late breakfast, Lady Knollys, reading a letter, suddenly made an exclamation and a little laugh, and read on with increased interest for a few minutes, and then, with another little laugh, she looked up, placing her hand, with the open letter in it, beside her tea-cup. " You'll not guess whom I've been reading about," said she, with her head the least thing on one side, and an arch smile. 1 felt myself blushing—cheeks, forehead, even down to the tips of my fingers. I anticipated the name I was to hear. She looked very much amused. Was it possible that Captain Oakley was married 1 " I really have not the least idea," I replied, with that kind of overdone carelessness which betrays us. No, I see quite plainly you have not; but you can't think how prettily you blush," answered she, very much diverted. " 1 really don't care," I replied, with some little dignity, and blushing deeper and " Will you make a guess t" she asked. " I can t guess." " Well, shall I tell you ?" "Just as you please." " Well, I will—that is, Til read a page of my letter, which tells it all. Do you know Georgina Fanshawe ?" she asked. " Lady Georgina 1 No." " Well, no matter; she's in Paris now, and this letter is from her, and she says—let me see the place—" Yesterday, what do you think ?—quite an apparition !—you shall hear. My brother Craven yesterday insisted on my accompanying him to Le Bas' shop in that odd little antique street near the Greve; it is a wonderful old! curiosity shop. I forget what they call them here. When we went into this place it was very nearly deserted, and there were so many curious things to look at all about, that for a minute or two I did not observe a tall woman, in a grey silk and a black velvet mantle, and quite a nice new Parisian bonnet. You will be charmei, by tlie-by, with the new shape—it is only out three weeks, and is quite indescribably elegant, I think, at least* They have them, I am sure, by this time at Molnitz's, GO I need Bay no more. And now that I am on this subject of dress, I have got your lace; and I think you will be very ungrateful if you are not charmed with it." Well, I need not read all that—here is the rest j" and she read-— But ycu'Il ask about my mysterious dam in the new bonnet and velvet mantle: she was sitting on a stool at the counter, not buy ing, but evidently selling a quantity of stones and trinkets which she had in a card-box, and the. man was picking them up one by one'and I suppose, valuing them. I was near en'ou^ to see such a darling little pearl cross, with°at least half-a-dozen really good pearls in it, and had begun to covet them for my set, when the lady glanced over my shoulder, and she knew me—in fact, we knew one another—and who do you think she was 1 Well—you'll not guess in a week, and I can't wait so long; sa I may as well tell you at once—she was that horrid old Mademoiselle Blassemare whom you pointed out to me at Elverston; and I never forgot her face since—nor she, it seems mine, for she turned away very quickly, and when I next saw her, her veil was down." " Did not you tell me, Maud, tbat you bad lost your pearl cross while that dreadful Madame de la Roug-ierre was here ?" " Yes ; but " " I know; but what has she to do with Mademoiselle de Blassemare, you were going to say—they are one and the same persou." _ " Oh, I perceive," answered I, with that dim sense of danger and dismay with which one hears suddenly of an enemy of whom one has lost sight for a time. - , "I'll write and tell Georgie to buy thai cross. I wager my life it is yours," said Lad] Knollys, firmly. The servauts, indeed, made no secret of their opinion of Madame de la flougierre, and frankly charged her with a long list of larl cenies. Even Anne Wixted, who had enjoyed! her barren favour while the gouvernaute was here, hinted privately that she had bartered d missing piece of lace belonging to me with a gipsy pedlar, for French gloves and an Irish' poplin. J " And so surely as I find it is yours, I'll! set the police in pursuit." " But you must not briDg me into court," said I, half amused and half alarmed. " No occasion, my dear j Mary Quince and Mrs, Rusk can prove it perfectly." "And why do you dislike her so very much ?" I askea. Cousin Monica leaned back in her chair, and searched the cornice from corner to corner with upturned eyes for the reason, and atlast laughed a little, amused at herself. " Well, really, it is not easy to define, and, perhaps, it is not quite charitable; but I know I hate her, and I know, you little hypocrite, you hate her as much as I j" and we both laughed a little. " But you must tell me all you know of her history." " Her history ?" echoed she. " I really , know next to nothing about it; only that I.: used to Bee her sometimes about the place that G e o r g i n v t V - v * vi av .. J^asantvv:.' ''" ' ^ : ' '< " - . i ••-•. v they may.'hi •;.'." ; . : ..-r . . , her is ber,''!,;-!-"- • *,.- ...... the desk'—(tJousin" MoHTci" fetways ft her robbery)—"and I think that's nough to hang her. Suppose we go out " lr a walk ?" So together we went, and I resumed abqt Madame; but no more could I extract-s perhaps there was not much more to hear. (To be continued.) A YOU NO LADY from the rural districts was travelling in one of the street cars, when the conductor said to her, " Miss, your fare." " Well, if I am," she replied, " I don't want any of your impertinence." AN Irish soldier, who had been abroad, being asked if he had met with much hospitality, replied—"Oh, yes, too much; I was in the hospital almost all the time I was there." NEWSBOY : Evening paper ! Tenth edition, Another great German victory. — Mons. Ohosa: Go away vil your paper, I am Frenchman.—Accommodating newsboy: All right, yer honor, here's another, where the Germans ha' got a hawful lickin'! An Irishman lost his bat in a well, and was let down by a rope to recover it; hut the well being deep and extremely dark withal, his courage tailed him before he had reached the water. In vain did be call out to those above to pull him up; they lent a deaf ear to all he said till at last, quite in despair, he bellowed out, "by St. Patrick, if ye don't draw me up, sure I'll cut the rope." WHEN a dish of large-sized "Saddle Rock" oysters was set for tbe first time before Thackeray, he gazed at them for several moments, and then asked what he was to do with them. "Eat them, of course." " Oh, eat them," said Thackeray, as if a new light had dawned upon him ; adding, after a pause, " Well, here goes!" When be had swallowed one, his friend asked him Low be felt after it. "I feel," said he, " as if I had swallowed a baby." A GAME Two CAN PLAY AT.—In all the books of advice to wives, good-humour is especially and primarily inculcated. This looks suspicious. Is it possible that the wife is obliged to have enough for two 1 In this connection we may mention an anecdote. A young man was telling a young lady what he should require of the wife he should marry. After enumerating a long list of perfections, the damsel required, "and pray, sir, what have you to offer in return for all this. Just then he found it convenient to leave. RATRER over a century ago a Q ^ was passing late at night over the Pont Keuft (Paris) with u lantern. A man came up to him and said, " Read this paper !" He hew up his lantern, and read as follows:— Speak not a word wlion you've this read. Or in ail Instant you'll be dead I Give as your money, watch, aad rings. With other valuable things- Then quick in Eileuce you depart, Or t, with knife, will cleave your heart I Not being a man of much pluck, the affrighted gentleman gave up his wBtch and money, and ran off. He soon gave the alarm, a™ the highwayman was arrested. " What haw you to say for yourself?" inquired the magistrate before whom . the robber was ushered "That I am not guilty of robbery, though 1 took the watch and money." " W h J " 0 « guilty!" asked the magistrate. "Simp'J because I can neither read nor write. ^ picked up that paper just at the moment I this gentleman with a lantern. Thinking'" might be something valuable, I politely a' kea him to read it for me. He complied with ®5 request, and presently handed me and purse, and ran off. I su,- r— paper to be of great value to him, aw "r he thus liberally rewarded me for ' He gave me no time to return thanks,*""® out of politeness I was ready to P er '° rm 'r The gentleman accepted the ingenious plea 01 the robber, and withdrew his complaint 