A FEW ZEALAND GHOST STORY. A Wellington paper tells the following iale : — " A few evenings ago a young lady who occupies the same sleeping apart ment, but not the same bed, with a younger sister, had retired to rest shortly belore midnight, and was on the point of \- fulling asleep. The younger, sister had been asleep for some time to render the narrative clear it may be necessary to stale that the elder sister's bed stood in front of a window at some little distance from it ; a chair stood between the bed and the window. The young lady was laying on her side, with her back to the window, as wo said before, on the point of dropping off to sleep, and, as she avers, without the remotest thought of ghost or goblin crossing her mind, when suddenly she became aware of something like a dim shadow being cast across her eyes ; she started and turned quickly round to find herself confrontd by a tall gentle- _TOah, dressed in black coat and trousers, wearing a white waist coat with black spots, and gloves on his hands half leaning over her. His fignre and features were clearly limned against the window, and she instantly recognised the face of a gentleman formerly a resident of Welling- _ ton. deceased some twelve months! ft I cn I Her look was only momentary, but it was clear ; and, filled with terror, she screamed repeatedly to her sister, who, after some little time awoke. The ghost disappeared at the first sound of her voice, and she was too much agitated to observe which way it went. The vounger sister asked what was the matter the" elder sister replied by desiring her' to cpme into the other bed, find/ sbe -would tellL the cause ' of her trouble- in' the mornin. Having laid down beside her, the rounder Bister continued ; 'to "press' the elder with questions as to what she had seed of heard, at last asking her .whether shehad not seen a man in the room. Tq this the elder, replied that she had when the younger rejoined, 4 Then I know who it was, it was Mr. — , 'mentioning the name of the very man whom her sister Jiad'seen.. Much surprised the elder asked,' Did you see him, .too, then?' 'No,' said the younger ; ' . but while I was asleep the impression was borne, vividly on my mind that he was in the room. On being sub sequently questioned how she came to think that the patry she named was in the roern, she said she could not tell, and had not thought of him before since his death ; bnt she seemed to know in tuitively that he was present without feeling the alarm that) w;as exhibited by her sister." 