CRICKET. PATERSON v. GRESFORD. (From a Correspondent.) The cricketing season of 1871-72 promises to be one of the grandest in the annals of the colony Here-since the formation of our new cricket club men, women, and children talk cricket-to each an extent as threatens to develope into a mania. The success of the club hitherto, has no doubt engendered this enthusiasm, but fortune is a fickle goddess, and when it suits her vagaries to go against us, it is to be hoped the reaction will not be in proportion. The Gresford C.C. has already played four public matches, and on Saturday last the 9th instant, scored its fourth, but, on this occasion, hard-won victory. The match was played with the Paterson Town Club, and was an exceedingly interesting one, neither side at any time having much the best of it, Gresford winning only by four runs. The play on both sides was good. The batting of the Messrs Glennie was much admired, particularly the finished style of A. Glennie, who never gave a chance during his stay at the wickets. The Messrs Lindeman also played well, and are getting into fine form as bowlers, in which department of the game they have already acquired a local celebrity The fielding of the Gres- ford men in the second innings was a little loose at times, allowing their opponents to score from over- throws and byes, which might have been prevented. Mr G Laurie was the crack bowler on the Paterson side, and did his part very effectively. His back- stopping too was excellent. He and Galbraith were the principal bowlers for their club on this occasion, and this latter player-as an all round cricketer appears to be one of the best in the team. The brothers Cann also played well. The long-stopping of C. F. Cann in the second innings was admirable, not a single bye having been scored. We were glad to see that ever-green veteran of the club, Mr Lindsay, still "all there." He seldom trundles the ball, his forte being in wicket-keeping and batting, and I do not envy the fielder who has to run after the ball at which he manages to get a good sweeping hit, with those broad shoulders of his, but the bowling on this occasion was too good to admit of his taking much liberty with it. To the lovers of cricket this match afforded a great treat, which was no doubt fully appreciated by the large number of spectators on the ground. It may be remarked that the appointments of the Gresford Club are now very complete. The ground is better than most country clubs can boast of, and as the club advances in age, and it is to be hoped also in prosperity, it will be still further im- proved. A very convenient permanent marquee finnie has been erected, and the club possesses a good supply of all the paraphernalia of the game, even to a working telegraph, which excited the curiosity and admiration of the spectators. It is not much additional expense for all clubs to provide themselves with this very convenient adjunct to their effects. "How the game stands" can be seen at a glance from any part of the ground. It pre- vents the markers from being too much crowded upon, and relieves them from the irksomeness of having this "vexed question" continually asked of them. Between the innings the Gresford Club entertained their opponents at luncheon. Subjoined is the score - GRESFORD First Innings A Glennie, b Liuno A Ghost, c Lindsay, b Laurie < C Glennie, run out W. Sherwood b Galbraith F. Walker c Laurie b Galbraith W Randall, b Laune C Lindeman, not out A Lindeman, c. Studdart, b Galbraith W Skains, c Studdart, b Galbraith G Grey, c Lindsay, b Galbraith R Robinson, c Galbraith b Laune Wides 5, byes, 12 Second Innings W skains, c and b Laune N Ghost, b Laune G Grey, c J Cann, b Jarrett. A Glennie, hit wicket . C Glennie, not out C I indeman, c Studdart, b Laurie A Lindeman, b Laurie W Randall, c and b Jarrett W Sherwood, 1 b w, F Walker, c Oldfield, b Laune It Robinson, b Jarrett Wides Grand total 95 Paterson 91 Mojonty for Gresford 4 PATERSON First Innings F Cann, c Randall, b A. Glennie 2 W Jarrett, b C Lindeman 1 W Lindsay, b O Lindeman 7 R. Magutnis c Randall b A Lindeman 0 W. Galbraith c Ghost, b A. Lindeman 11 G Laune, c Kondall, b A. Lindeman 0 W Sivycr, b C Lindeman 3 J Cann, b A Lindeman 10 W Corner, bi A Glennie 0 J Oldfield, C.C Glennie, b A Glennie 1 F Studdart, not out 1 Wides 2, byes 8, leg-byes 2 12 48 Second Innings J Oldfield, run out 11 F Studdart, b A Lindeman 0 R Maginnis, b A. Lindeman 3 W Galbraith, C.C Lindeman, b A Glennie 4 W Lindsay, run out 0 G Laune, b C Lindeman 9 F Cann, not out 3 WJarrett,lbw * 0 W Sivyer c and b A. Lindeman 0 J Cann, run out 0 W Corner, b 0 Lindeman 3 Wides 2, byes 7, log bye 1 10 . 43 