THE ELECTORAL ACT. THE presort ©lection has brought to the surface several defects in the Electoral Act that have hitherto lain undetected. Tlio first transpired in the nomination of candidates for Stanley, in which one of the candida tes was not put in nomination because he had telegraphed his willingness to stand instead of intimatiug .this in writing. The Act was interpreted to mean that the assent of the candidate must he in writing, and that a telegra phic assent'was not a compliance with it. The question raised is-does not a telegram from a candidate fulfil the Act; and is it not as good a guarantee as a posted letter ? To most people the ono mode of assent will appear as efficient as the other, and it would be well to make the Act more explicit on the point. The next difficulty occurred in West Adolaide in the case of Mr. Roes who had five nominators, all of whose papers were declared informal-three of them on the ground that they con tained no second nominators. The Returning-Officer in this case read the clause of the act bearing 011 the point as meaning that each nomination paper Bhould be signed by two or more elec tors. Mr. Rees' friends read it differ ently, and hold that it was immaterial whether they signed ono slip of paper or two soparate ones. Theirs is the common sense view of the caso, and one that will be upheld generally nevertheless the Returning-Officer put his veto on the candidate's going to the poll. The third point that has cropped up is of even more importance than the two foregoing. In three different instances it appeared as if there were to. bo no contest, for in Stanley, the Burrn, and! Yatala, only the old candi dates came before the electors. Yet on the nomination day in each of them additional members wore proposed necessitating a contest. The Electoral Act prevents a (-ni^dicKaie addressing his constituents after nomination; thus by coining, forward in this un manly manuor the legitimate candi dates may bo placed at a disadvantage,, and the constituency is debarred of its undoubted right to hear and canvass tho opinions of the man who would represent it. However the fact of. the caso taken up- is that, affecting the colony at largo. A contest cannot bo decided without expense, and if that contest is simply vexatious, and al together unwarranted, it is only right that tho colony should be protected from tho needless expense. And it is justly urged that provision should bo made for making it fall upon the causer of it. This is tho law in Vic toria, where, according to tho Act, a candidate has to deposit £50 which is forfeited unless lie poll a cor. tain proportion of-the votes recorded. In two of the districts alluded to Yatala and the Burro-tho eleventh hour candidates proposed had not a ghost of a chance, yet the country has to pay the piper for their whim. Had taero been a penalty of £50 hanging over their heads they would have thought twice before they had thrown away their money. This plan would effectually repress our Homor shams, Pennys, Knpbaels, &c.; 