-v t si., ,-.?,- ?:::?-.:- - PLOGARRL/LN/ ; : ?( ^s;.'lV',:^,^|jJa6M'ALii THK'.YHAa.BODND.J-'.^'..' '. ; ;: ;.;.;,, ^' -.' CHAPTER :J. ? ''-'? -'';1''' ;':;;;V- i _,(TJj.elittle,t6vmof 'Audiorno is situated in tho . arrondJBsamont of Quimpor, which is the woatern CJmoa't portion of the' department* of Finistorro, itself comprising tho western part ,of tho ancient province 'of Brittany/ and/ indeed,' ihe land furthest wO3fc of all tho realm of Franco, as its name, Finis tome, is intended to indicate. Be yond that finis tome, tho great Atlantic rolls its ' ?waves against the rock-bound coast in an un U£UHV11 DWUU£7. J.WUUI/JT JUcUD rt£U ? bJiV 1/UWI1 Ul Audierne was set down iu tlio gazetteers and re- - turns as possessing a population of one thousand ' souls. But any ono 01 theso, thousand,, would havo boen: niuch offended with any 'strangor, who should have styled their abodo by any other appellation .than that of a villo,,and the maps duly bore out their pretensions by' tho size of the letters ..used to ^indicato, its position.. Now, indeed,' tho number of its inhabitants has much increased. ? The sardine, fishery,' and especially the business of curing that popular fish, has as sumed larger dimensions. A numh'or of now houses, built in now lines, of Btreots, cheap1, mean, and ugly, have addod to the statistical im portanco of tho placo, but bavo sadly impaired its old picturesque appearance. Whother called town or villace. Audierno was a urottv stint twenty years ago. Nestling among thick trees by the side of its littlo stream/ and* just at the point where that stream swolls to' an estuary, which falls into tho wide bay of Audiorno to the aouthwarda, it unites ,in a, Bpccial dogreo tho beauties of inland and of coast scenery. The bay '''bf Audiorno is formed by 'a long, low-lying tract of well-wooded coast, recoding'in a porfect seg ment of a circle, betweon two remarkable and {[celebrated headlands, that of tho iPdinlo d,u ,?;Baz to the northwards,, and that of tho Pbintio do Penmarch to the southwards. Tho romark al)le naturo of theso two headlands, strotching far out into tho Atlantic, like hugo buttresses ,. destined to protect the land against ,tho tro ? TOon'dons battering of tho Western Ocean, is sufficient to s:riko tho most careless oyc. The coa3t rises in them to a vast height, and is com posed of granito rocks of tho boldest and wildest charactor. Tho lighthouse on tho Pointo du Knz stands thrco hundred feet above tho lavrel of tho „. nea,' ahd'in heavy weather tho waves break. over it. a.uu uuieunty ui tuuso two yoini-3 13 10 DO found in all tho long series of Breton story, and. song, and fablo from tho earliest days to tho ^'present time., Tho Pointe du llaz is' tho most, we3torn land of Franco, stretching much further in that direction into tho Athmtic than tho .? southern horn of tho bay formed by the Pointo .de'Penmarch. And hrinco the climate .of Audierno and its bayj protsctod from tho, north, ' is much softer and milder, than that of other dis-' tricts in its immediate neighborhood. At a littlo distaneo from tho town of Audierno to tho south east, so as to bo Httuatcd about'.a milo from tho coast, on the gently sloping curvo of tho bay, , fncing a littlo to tlio west of south, stands tlio' chateau of Plos-ur.an. Ti.ore, iu their nltf: ancestral chateau, dwelt, shortly after tho bogin sning of this coutury, two brothors named Do Korgonnec— Eugene and' Grogoiro. In contra-' diction to lho morn' uuual practice in French ? familica, the elder, Eu»euo— tho, elder -by -little wore than ft year — had at an early age botn sent away from homo, whilb t!io younger, Gregoiro, ? had paRscdhis lifo alm«t entirely in Brittapy, \- !aricl inainly at Plogarrian. This.rovorsal of; the ordinary, practico, however, had not boon caused by any intention en tho part of their father to depose hi3 oldest son from hia'iyghfs ami, position «4M6f 'heirship to' the family p'oss essions iff favor' of tho younger, but by.the dissimilar tastes and dis positions of the two-boya. Eugeno was frail and delicate: of constitution, town-like in his tastes, aiid bookish in his habits. Gregoire, already at fourteen a head taller than bis elder brother, '? 'was a young Hercules, utterly avorse;lr,orn all ouuuiuuo jLruio«tiw- v uiiu^ia^acu uuu ^renter portion . of his life out of doors, in the forests, or on the u ?? coasts of. his nativo, province, and wished '?? and cared for no other, .lifo. - iBoth' tho brothers, therefore, wore equally'delighted-when it -was decided that Kugorie should go to Para to reside in the family of a physician, the1, brother-in-law ii-of his_fathor, where he couldrihave th'o'iriedical supprintendone'e which his constitution rendered dosirable/and could af the samo/tirao i^rofit by the educational 'facilities Vof tho capital, while r Grogoiro was to, remain at; homo, and livo the -mlifq that he loved. .? Wbafc was'tobo^Gregoiro's ultimato destination and Ipt'i'n/life dois:riot s'ebm ?tb'havb' been madb the1 subject of much fore-' '^bought. Tho 'boys' were' about , fourteen ^and '?- fifteen whoh this urrarigom'ont was made /and. jnatters continued ?a't * Plogarrian muph.aa : the arrangemerit left them, for the next ten' y oars. ' Letters camo from 'timb to time' from Eugene,' representing himself as inn-rovinj5 in hoalth, con tonted with the lifo ho was leading, and 'prose- cuting sundry Branches of study with ?success. ? An occasional letter from the physician brother- ' in-law confirmed theso accounts. At Plogarrian, tho ten years appoared to Blip away -.without' , ..bribging with thorn many oventfulcharigesi Ono, i change, indeed, had takon place within a year , after Eugene's departure for Paris— his motfe, ? Madamo do Kergonnec, died. She had; long been an invalid, and had not seqmed to. count for jmuch in any way in tho family. ' Novorthblcas, ''. aa oilerx may bo obsorved in similar cases, , her 5 removal did mako adifferonco, and loft the way open, as ono may say, for a state of things in the ? i'old chateau, whioh her coritinuod lifo might have ?; 'prevented, or at' least modified.': A certain dis :; order andlooHeness in the mode oE lifo at the rcHiiteau, 'to' use no stronger word,,, seemed gradually to bo introduced ; and thesocharacter v MStics became mere raarked as tho old man Bunk gradually into imbecility, and Grogoiro became a v-young man. ? Tho elder De Korgonncc had for , scvoral years, beginning probably from the time M Whoa, his wife's health no lomVp.r nnnhlnrTlioi. in muc with the world , seen but littlo Bociety -Bavo , two, pr, thrco noighborhing parish priests,- tho '„,. doctor, and tho mayor or Audierno. But gradually tho' priest and the mayor loft off frequenting tho chateau. Tho young man could :. npt.be expected to livo without society ^bf -any kind ; aud ,.as [the ,old . rnau ,-bccarae more and more iricapablo of govorhing, and his son bo ' came moro and more master of himself and of the v 'chateau, guests might very frequently 'bef found therefore -who would have seemed of evil augury to any well- wisher to the family. It was not ? that the 'disordered life which has 'been spoken *of was of a kind that affected the Do Kergonncc '?™'».°'' j.iiu uiu. iriau-was SHU CipanlO Ot imping, tho oamo tight hand ;over-tho puree Btringn, that ho hiu] ever been wont to hold. Norwa!srecklcsn:oxi;eriditur-i any characteristic of Gregoire do Kergonncc. Ho wia loo genuine il'i.?f,etoufor*'naM T'10 occasional suppers and 1 drink-tug: [jouts,; which mado merry times for Mb ,., acquaintances of tho woodland and tho seaboard, ? ?; were. hot costly in their naturo. ( Tho- 'visits to ?'the chateauof the neighboring clergy and of the )( mayor of Audierne had gradually ceased, as has ^been- said. Bnt those of the doctor were con ?{.J},n«ed, partly, no . doubt,, .bocausovthe .failing 'Health o£ old. pe,Ke%nnec/j^^^ partly, also, 'as is probable, because Monsieur ooraeul himself— that was the doctor's name-^ was not altogether frco from tastes that mado tho life at tho chateau .not - disagreeable to him. Nevertheless, there was reason for belioving-^at least tho Audierrib gpSsips thought so — that there was yet anbthor motivo which inducod'Mon8ieur Coreoul to seek rather than to avoid the intimacy of young Do Kergpnnee. ' Corso'ul wasa'widower, w^th one. very pfdtty pottionlcss daughter! 'He was also a medical man, _ybo liad tiibwn Eugene de Kergonnec.frbm his birth upwards ; perhaps had known more of' his lifo at(' Paris than any; body olso at Plogarrian or at Audiorno. ,', The gossips of Audierno, who wore always :engagod in that favorite pastime of ' nuttingtwo and two .to gether;' as they called it; ditD'puV these facts tonother. and lookod into each other's 'dyes with significant smiles, and said, 'Ahom.!'a3 they did so. There .were some other , facts, , too/ to be added by the careful collectors 'of such to tho above list. Pretty Barb' e Cbraeul had never been seen at tho chateau, it. is true. , Under - all th$ circumstances of the life and family therein those days; shb could hardly havop boon so without loss of credit. Bilt: Gregoiro do Kergonnec wad very often to bo soon at the door of tho doctor's modest home in!, Audierno. And what,; was . ? . ai m« ? ii. . i i ? '_ \'__ ii. _''«'. it rr_;_ nit ino iiittiracvioninai/, urow mni morej ? - '.xxoin a Tho gossips, it may be said at oncej were perfectly correct in ftq concluijions they drew, from the above premises.1 ?' Monsieurr lb' Dboteur Corseul had conceived the idea that, perhaps, in any case, or at' ftUi'evonts /in the: ca80i v/hich he considered . moro , or -less likbly, . of Grcgoira de Kergonncc inheriting tho family pro perty, .that ? young, man would be a. very desirable match for his portionless daughter. fegufa'ted Ffonch girl always is, to accede to, her father's, wishes aud schemes in tho mattor. And Grogoire do Korgonnec- thon about twonty-four years old, had boon thoroughly fascinated by tho smiles of by far tho most lovely girl it had ever been his fortune to sec. :Mattcrs stood thus at Plogarrian and at Audiorno', whon, ono fine morn ing, about ten years after tho departure of Eugene do Kergonncc for Paris? thoro came a lottcr from him to his father, domanding in duo form the old man's consent to his' oldest son's marriaco. Tho lady was stated; to boa French, West Indian, possessed bf considerable property^ as well as; all sorts of other attractions and excellences. An othor lottor camo also- from the brother-in-law physician, fully confirming. all that Eugono had written, and expressing his own approval of tho match. Of course thcro was no reason fpr rofus Ing tho consont asked. ' It was readily given, and tho long absont heir was .urged to bring his wifo to tho home of his fathers, before it should bo too lato for him to receive bis father^s-blessing. Very shortly after the arrival of. this nbwa, and tho despatch of the ansvvor tb.it/boautiful Barbo Cor soul was sent to.pay.along.promiEod visit to an aunt at Bre3t ; and lho Aucliprnq public began putting two and two together harder , than, ever, and, finding very littlo difficulty in discoveiing what sum resulted from tho process.. People told each other that lo pero Corseul was a vioux malin, who, thongh ho might be somewhat too 'dovout a worshippor of la uivo boiiteillq, khew .perfectly well what ho was about, and might be quito safely trusted to . manago his own affairs. Nevertheless, thoso who supposed, if any such thero were, that Corseul had dofmitivoly aband' oned all idea' of seeing his prottyBaroe' chate- laine' of Plogarrian, did wrong to the! doctor's 'Breton portinacity. But.it'wa* nccess'iry not to uo tuo ..£uui;i|jiiiuw. jul waa uuu uvur. - x-uii aa suretlly tho marriage of Eugene was a severe blow td'hiB hopes. :;and, as it was likely onough'that Grogoiro do' Kergonnec might not take exactly tho samo.viow of tho' matter as'liis intended father-in-law, it is as'Voll in tho mijanwhilo and for tho present that Barbe should beat adistanco. Vdry shortly, the . 'maTriage liavhig 'been cole,-, bratcd in due course at, .Paris, Engono de Kergon nee broucht bis. wifo homo, and tho first sight of tho married couplo raised Corseul's hopes cent, por cent. ' The young Madamo do Kergonnec was very ovidentlyan even yet frailer plant than her husband;hadi been,; and — to the shrewd and searching e3To of old Corseul — yet was. She was ? very protty ; just'ohe of those delicate and fragile creatures, who look as if' transplantation from their own native sunny land to such a climate as that of Paris,, to say nothing of the ruder air of Brittany, must bo fatal to them. Then the change . from all the carefully devised luxury of Paris to such a residence as the old chateauof Plogarrian, was not calculated to act favorably pn.the morale, any more than on the physique' of tho delicate young wifo. '! AU this Coraeul carefully noticed, and pointed out to Grrogoirade Kergonnec; while, at the samo time, gradually opening his mind to the fact that, however great/and desirable an honor it would he for him-tb^givb his'daughtei in marriage, to a De Kergonnec of Plogarrian, it wai bynb means the samo thingr-indeed, could, not in any way bo reconciled to his notions: of: his duty as a;father-fto,giyehpr;tp any Do Kergon ,nec who was hot of. Plogarrian. (jrogoiro stormed, : 'and! was y;ery!violcnt, tor' he was not a' patient or gentie'nian uncler'any'cit'cunistances, or ono at .all accustomed! to .bo baulked of.that ;whieh he .desirpd ; and he had never desired anything bno- .tenth part so -eagerly as ho desired to th'ave .Barb'e Corseul for pis wifo, Tho doctor strovo to quiet him by pointing out tho many groundf) for thinking that1 it was pr jbablo enough that his wish might yet be gratified. ?' In truth, neither of the young marriod couplo looked, at, all as if they wore likely to staad yory long in tho way of anybody. Eugono do Kergonncc might, as Corscul observed, Jiavo seomedto improve in health while ho was a growing lad; ; But all ho could say was, that ho did not look1 as ' if he had two months' lifo in him. Whilo asfor tbatpoor scared-looking palo slip of a creature, with about as much backbonb in. lioras'a'boilod asparagus ? .'Eugene, too, seemed struck and shocked by tho unfithesa'of thb place' to. which he had brought his wife, to be the home of sodo licatoly nurtured a creature Partly, no doubt, his rocollecrio'ns of the old placo had- misled him. Tho homo which had seemed not only delightful, but grand and' stately to his boyish mind, and oyes which had nover seen any other part of appoared in a very different light to tho young man, a resident in Paris of ton years' standing. Much of his disappointment was duo to,, this causo. But it was also true that tho placo itself was changed for tho worse. It could not be. said to be dilapidated ; but all tho air of well-ordered home comfort, which had not been .wanting'iri his mother's time, was gone. Tho sordid mode of lifo, which had of late years prevailed at Plogarrian, seemed, by some of those magic in iluences, which cbrtainly do impart an expression, and, as one may say, aphysiognomy to tho homes of men, to have vulgarised and changed the appearance of the place. .What had seemed venerable in its simplicity had come to look wean an;d shabby. What had appeared home-like, now seemed to be slovenly and sordid. The winds, too, surely were 'rhore bitter than they used to bo ton years ago, and tho fogs colder and mor'b frequent! No I . Plogarrian would noyor do for LooHtino, and after a decently loug visit to his fathor, he would take hpr back again to Pariu. Corseul told him that it was an excep tional season ; that tho cold and fogs were greater than usual. But ho heard tho short cough that had interrupted Eugene as he was speaking, and marked the ., -shiver that ran through hhn- as ho drew his cloak closer round his narrow shoulders, and felt a considerable assurance that the oldJ3roton horue'ijvould have a Brbtbnniia ?tressyet. Eugene had fully made-up his mind to get back to Paris as soon as he could. But' his father bad for soino littlo time past been de clining very perceptibly. And when the tiffi? camo ' that ho had1 fixed, for his departure from Plogarriau, hoping' . to get; away before the first Btorms of winter should, beat upon that bleak coast, tho old man was sinking so rapidly, that a regard ' for common decency mado it impossible for his eon to leave him1! till all should ho over. : Old Do Korgonnnob lingered yet a week or ten days* and then died. 0£courso it was necessary to wait for tho funeral. And before that' was over, Madame do Kergonnec was too unwoll to be in. a condition uto travel. Corseul, however- was mot upon, -this occasion as much reassured, as'to thp valuoof his . own hopes'and his daughter's prospects as . when hr. had first scanned Madamo do Kergonnec with a professional eyo. It was, -indeed, quito mani fest that she was in no condition to travel. 'But a very short interviow with his patient sufficed to corivinco the doctor, that the cause of her present illness was likely to place a far more fatal obstacle botweon him and tho realisation of his plans and hopes, than oven her; own lifo or that of her frail husband. The young, wife was oncointo. and if tho child should be a boy — farewell to all hopo. of seeing ins iiarbo yoistress ot nogaman. «regoire do Kergpnuec was not a pjoasant man to look updd' when Corseul, ' after having congratulated Eugono on tho coming, .ovont, communicated \ tho nowB tp.him. .Tho, black scowl .that camo liko. a thundercloud over his brow, and the hard sot look. of ' hatred and determination which seemed to harden his jaw and lip into the somblance of adamant, rovealed the existencp in hi8Mheart of a moro dangerous class of passions than. th6 doctor had over credited him with. . Corseul's eyo fell beneath tho baleful expres sion of tho young man's face ; and he turned away to get himself out of the room as quickly as he might. But Gregoiro, rudely taking tnd door from his hand,. and violently closing it, while, -putting his back against it, turned , to face his companiod, arid said, grinding the words with slow , and concentrated ver hemenco botween ' the closed tooth of his powerful square jaw : 'Mark this, doctor ! I do not want to put an end-to tho life of anybody, not even to sucu puny good-ror-notning lives as those of Eugene and his sick ghost of a wife— not for tho sako' of hoiiso, or land, or money. Bnt, mark you, I^mcan to havo BarboCorsoul for my wifo. If you did not mean mo to hayo her, you should not havo led mo to hopo it. Givo her to mo, and I shall bo as harmless a man as any in Finistcrro. But if you make my having, hor dependent on tbo lives o! auy of theso pcoplo — look you to it ! 11 y aura des nialheurs !' ' 1'ooh, pooh !'said Corsenl : 'don't talk in that man nor. You don't mean it, and I won't listen to it. Thoro, I must bo going.' 'Will you ' givo ino xkmuo ioi my wuu, wuutuuror uu ; e-uu vrru goiro, glaring on him. 'What,-now^outofhand! Cortainly not. Youknow, Monsieur Grogoire, how tho matter stands. You know how anxious I am for ah allianco that would bo so great an honor to mo— bo desirable in cvory way. But wo must havo a littlo patience. Be rcsasonable. This child— bah ! The child of such parents ! It may bo'a.girl. It may never bo born alive at all, continued tho doctor, advancing a stop nearer to Grogoiro and dropping his voice. ' ' Who knows what may happon'f 'Lookhero,-lootor;'.' roturned Grogoire, speaking in alow voice, and looking at Corseul, ' betweon the eyes,' as' the French . phrase is, ' all those things are in your hands. You take carb that this matter goes ; right, and all will bo woll. But if it does not— look out for trouble!' ? ? : ? ? ; '. Corsoul understood right woll what was passing in tho mind of ;the man,, .who stood looking. into his' eyes with that balqfal glare streaming out of hisrown.'and he felt hot'aU over; and' the'blood rushed to his florid face as he listened to him. .' Tonezj Monsieur Gregoiro !' ho replicd;looking 'back into the working faco of tho othor with as 'fixed a charico as his own, ' do not let ua mis understand ono another. I am no puritan. Quo lift bio ! But 'look you, I do not meddle with matters that— that the assizo courts meddle with —you understand me ! And then, you see, I am medecin ;, gh ! ma foi, modecia avant tout ! If ? you : wanted to propose to me a littlo siSwc down on the coast tbero, even though tho lawyers might call it by ugly names— Jo no sais pas ! 'But in 'the sick foom'I am a doctor, and know .nothing -about that. .Yous comprencz, n'est cp paa? Cut/what then, mon ami I As a doctor I toll you that there is every chance that things may arrange themsolves as you wish. Have patience, and wait a little to seo what will tarn up.' ' ' I will1 wait,' said Gregoire, sud denly. ' I will wait ; but I will not bo baulked; Markthat. Very well. I will wait; but I won't wait hero. I am off for a day or two. And with that he ;flung himself out of tho room, leaving tho doctor looking after him with an uneasy eyo and a troubled mind.' ?'? ; . ? ' : It was nevertheless quite true that' the doctor had no intention ' of purchasing tho promotion of his daughter, ;tbybb a lady, of Ploganian at t.hn nrirn ftf n. nrimn ? TTn urno vnru^ar fi-nm a scrupulous man : he - was not oven scrupulous ' enough to bo morally much shocked at tho thought whichhad been in the mind of his pro posoa son-in-law. But it was triio .that ho would i havo been moid likely to 'consont to be guilty of any crimo than mich a ono as that which had boen proposed to him.; true that, once^ by a patient's bed sidoj ho .was avant tout modeciu ; and that poor Madaniode Kergonncc would boas safo in his hands, as ho could make her. And I. fancy that such a phaso of moral feeling is not an uncommon' one. ?. . Gregoire do Korgonnec vanished from Plogar rian, as ho said ho would ? and it appeared aftor wards that he brhployed tho timo of his absonce in making an unxvowed visit to Brest. But it was not Madefnoisolle Barbo who was guilty of tho indiscretion of giving anybody inmformation on the Bubjoct. CHAPTER II. The first of the consequences of Gregoiro do Kergonnec's sudden departuro from the chateau was, that he was not present at his fathor's funeral, an omission of duty which caused vory considerable scandal in Andiorne. Nobodv knew whore to find him or to look for him, when ho ought to have accompanied his father's remains to tho grave. Bat the world of Plogarriau and Audiorno waB not unprepared 'to expect any such behavior from Gregoiro de Kergonnec. It was just what might be expected from his habits and ways of lifo, pcoplo said. And only a few of his special friends, or of thoso good Christians whose charity could think no ill, ventured hesitatingly to suggest, that in all probability the young man's grief made him incapable of decorously appear ing in public. .Naturally it waa not altogether the same thing with Monsieur Eugene, who had been a stranger to his father and to his homo for I the last ten years. . ? ? '. At all events Monsieur Eugene did perform his duty to society upon this occasion. And the result of his doing so was that he caught a bad cold and coagh at the funeral ; broke a blood . vessel in the course of tbo samo night, and was himself ready to tako his place in the church yard beside his father within twenty-four hours afterwards. Tbo terrible shock caused by thin event lo the dolicato frame of tho poor young wife, thus left .alone iu that dreary old chateau and wild country among strange people, resulted, as Corsenl fully expected that it would, in a prematuro confine ment. And though the doctor was as good as his wprd in hin attention to her, thepooryoung mother died in giving birth to a seven months' child. But tho child was born alive I .And it wasa boy ! ? On the evening of the day on which these events hapmndd--Gregbire'de}Kergorinee rdturnod from his solitary ramble, and entering thechateau unannounced, was met f-y the doctor in the prt. lor on the ground floor, which had in thoso days beeome tho ordinary and solo living-room of the house. ' Monsiour Gregoiro ! Have you seen nobody ? Have you l(nard nothing ?' said Cor aeui, with a fooling almost akjn to Fear, at having to toll the violent man the tidings ho had to com municato. 'Seen— :heaxd 1 Ncy I havo eeon no body. Whom should I have soon? 'What ib there to hear ? ' I forgot, when I went away, that thero would bo tho funeral 'of my father. I had my mind full of othor things. Woll, I could have donono good to anybody.' 'No, no. I suppose not. Any way, you may repair the omission now.1 Thero aro now two moro funerals to bo attended.' 'Who! What? What do, you moan? 'Why don't you speak out !' 'Your brother broko a blood- vessel and died at thrco o'clock this morn ing. His widow was prematurely confined, and died much about the same hour this af teenoon. Is that speaking out V said Corsoul doggedly. Gregoire for an instant stood staring at tho doctor, absolutely dumb with astonishmontj ' vynat, ooiu ! no said, alter a minutes siienco, while ho and Corsoul stood looking at each other ; 'bb|;h gbno! both olearbd ont of the path', as though they had never bcon. born. .. . . Cor seulj— — ' '' ' ? . : ?.',.'?' i fy searching look of inquiry, tho purport of wiiii/u buu ' uuubui .tvaii uuuuittiuuu, ebuuu iu LUw placo of any further words. ' I did my duty, as a medical jnan,' to tho utmost of my power.' wiid Corseul/steadily.'( 'Called to your brother in all haste whon he broke a blood- vessel, I passod tho night with him till he died. I was by tho bed-sido of your BiBter- in-law from tho timo she was takon ill till sho died. I do not beliove that all tho doctors in Paris could havo saved thoir Iivc3.' ' So !' said Gregoire do Korgonnec, scat ing himself, in a largo arm chair, winch had bocn his fathor's usual soat, and still looking fixedly at tho doctor, .' So !'' And thon ho paused, and continued to look at Corsoul, who had takon his Btand with his back to the- wood firo burning on tho old-fnshioned hearth, and whospoko no word. ' Woll !' continued Gregoiro/ after a minuto or two. 'Well! Havo you nothing more to say? Why the devil don't you spoak tome? Well?' ' Monsieur Gregoiro, thoro is moro to bo told,' said Corseul, unoasily. ' Two hayo bcon rornovod ? — but one remains. Your sister-in-law has left a child— who lives !' 'A boy?' critd Gregoiro, starting to his foot. ' It is a boy !' returnod the doctor, slowly nodding his head. It would to to no cood purnoso to offend tho reader's cars by transcribing all tho torrent of blasphemy and irnprocations which Gregoiro do Kcrgonnco hurled from his lips at this unnouueo ment. The doctor's oars wore less suscoptibk ; and ho would havo neon content to lot his liopecl for son-in-law's passionjiuvo itself out, and to hear himself called again and again an imbecile, without cither scnRO or. courage, till tho next morning, but that ho seriously foarcd - that Grogoiro in the excess of his passion would por potrate sonio act of violenco, which 'would ruin oyorything. 'Ho felt convinced that if tho riew b'orn babe had at that minuto bcon within Tench nf Ill's linnrl. hn wnnld hn.vn (lniTinil t.lin /r.iil lifo out of it. ? ( Ho thorcforo sot himsolf to appcaoe'tho furious 1 man's rage at his disappointment/by representing ,] to hiin'over arid over again the , groat iruprobabi? ( lity that tlio child could live ; a sovon months' ,] child, born of such a mother, under such circum stances ! ' Does the brat Boom life-like ?'? Gro goiro was after a whilo sufficiently calm to ask, 'Life-like ! No ! How should it? A poor, undersized, puling littlo wrotch !, Lifo-liko ! ' I; ^should think notr' Grosoiro sat himsolf clown again in the old arm-chair and romained .silent, and apparently buried in thought fcr awhile. Thon,.lipsaidi suddenly lifting up his head, '.'. I will wait then still awhilo !' ' To bo auro ! to bo nuro ! don't be in such a dovil of a hurry I' Kvid the doctor, trying toforco aBmile. ' Only havo a littlo patienco, and all will come as wo would havo it, .you may be very sure.' So Grogoire waited. But poor Loontino's pul ing child did not die. .Day aftor day, week after wcok, month afier month, contrary lo ail expec tation, it lived, on. And the doctor had moro and more difficulty in persuading Gregoiro that if ??he would only wait a littlo longer, all would as suredly comb right. All this timo Barbo had re mftined: with her aunt, to tho increaae of her lover's savage ill-humor and impatience. But about ton , months after the birth of the heirtoPlbgarrian, Barbo was recalled byberfather. And very shortly after she came homo it won allowed to come to tho earn of Gregoiro, that a vory desirable marriage had bcon proposed to her at Brest. A master shipwright, the owner of a yard- had placed himself and his fortuno at her feet. Of course ho had boon refused !,. What ; did Monsieur Gregoiro take his daughter for I But the shipwright would not acebpt hia iia (mis8al , and would no doubt bqthor poor Barbo .again. Meantime, what could bo dono but .wait vAf.fl.lil.tln Innrrnr I It certainly did not seem as if therccal of Barbc by hor father, and tho communication of this story of tho shipwright, wero well calculated Lo induco- Gregoiro do Kergonnec to submit juiotly to tho expectant policy which the doctor was continually urging on himi Was it perhaps tho fact that tho doctor began about that time to loso faith in tho policy of waiting? Was it tho caso that tho young heir of Plogarrian was really getting stronger, and that the chances of his removal by death began to seem less in tho medical oyosof tho doctor; that ho began to think that ' waiting' would novor roako ttarbo Corseul mistress of f loctrrian : and that while he Btill continued to urgo Gregoiro to 'wait,' he waft not unwilling to lot circumstances urgo him to adopt a moro activo courso? Thoro ,aro men who havo no objection to profit by thecrime3 of others, though, oven apart from tho fear of the law, they aro not preparod to dip their own hands in crimo. Tbo records from which this narrative is compiled do not in truth contain anything which can strictly justify such an accusation against Corscul. liut— when people aro anxious to keep a very violent man quiet, they do not put before his eyes exactly that which is most calculated to stimulate him to active violence. Possibly Dr. Corseul might have replied to any such observations, that it was truo that his daughter had received tho proposal in question : and that ho judged it .far nettor that Monsiour de Kergonnec should hear thb fact from himsolf than, as ho assuredly would otherwise do, from others. . And all this might bo very truo. Still it would seom to havo been hardly prudent to haye selected that moment for the return of Mademoiselle Barbo to Audierne. Tho resultof her return homo, orof this atory of her newGiritor, or of the but too evidently , im proved health of his infant nephew, orof all these things together,madeitself visible withinafew days after Barbe's arrival in the shape of an announce ment by Mon6ieur Gregoire to the doctor, that he was not satisfied with the tare his . nephew was receiving from the nurse that had been hired for that purposo in tho villafjo ; that ho had hoard of a very respectable, and in ovory way ouitahlo woman at llonnes, who had lost a child of hor own, and who would bo perfectly ready to tako charge of her nephew ; and that ho intended himself, so anxious was ho on the subject, to convey tho child thi*her. Tho jour ney wasoneof only a few hours ; and old Jeanne, who had lived in tho chateau protty woll all her life, would go with him and carry tho child; Corseul looked steadily into Monsieur Gre goire's eyes, as tho Mter thus stated his purpose to him, arid Said:. ?*' If you ask me ray opinion aa -a ? rnedical man,- Monsieur 'Qtogoiro— -^-'*- ' But I do not 1' interrupted Greg6Jfe J-per©hip- torilv. ' I do net want any opinion from you stall upon (bo subject. I van judge for myself hi 5his mattor.'-: VIn that caao, IexprcBS no opinion at all, either to you qjc to any .one clso/j replied tho doctor{ 'speaking the last words' in a specially significative manuor. f, You will do as you judgobost, Monsiour Gregoiro; and I will not doubt that the child will do. vory woll.' ,'' ?'?'? ' The dpctor was not quito so good aa Ids w-?rd. Ho did express an opinion to sundry goBBipa.bf the place, to tho effect that he, for bis part, should havo thought it hotter to lcavo tho child where it was doing ? well ;'and, indeed, had on'deavorod to bring Monsieur Gregoiro to that,]way of jthink ing. But, fjuo vpulez-vous ? Monsieur Grrgbiro was so anxious— so afraid that tbo cb,ild. should not bo reared ; as indeed he, tbo doctor, i had often Warned him that, considering all things; it could hardly bo expected that the poor littlo thing should livo. But Monsiour Gregoire would not give car to any suoh warnings. 'Likely ohough ho felt tho truth of them, though ho would ? upt admit, it; for nocaro .was, in .his oycs,.good onoilghfor tho child. In Buch eprt did Dr. : Cor seuli expatiate on thp etcp which Grdgoire' Tiad determined to tako/ whon '^icaldng with the gossips of Andierno.# ' '' ' ' '. , V. ; - ' '?'' ,'.\, , .One morning Monsieur Gfogoiroandold Joanne s tart cd.f or Kon nea, taking tho ten nonths',.old : l»oV»tr nrit.K 4l^Ar»^ Attfl' e\n +Kft T\nv4. flft^r i^. -vtrna known to all Audiorne that they/ Mon - u'cur Gregoiro and tho .bld'seryantj ? hid been very fprtuhato! j, at '. VRonuos ; that they mot tho woman ,to whom tho child was to bo intrusted almost immediately on leaving their inn to go in search of her ; ? that Monsiour Grogoiro had, thorouppn,'B'aid that tho best wny would bo. that sho-^-the now nurse— should return with thorn to. tho inn, and thoro rcccivo tho infant from the hands'of its temporary attondant ; that tho woman did so; and that iihe seemed , to bo a vory respectable and rnothorly woman ih HapiI. 'Wliatlinr nnmn wiiR if. hntX li'ovfir nnc.nrrfld to old Jcanno to inquire. ' , ;! , ' ' ' Dospito all this solicitildo, however, it seomed that tho child did not thrive under its now nurso o£ Konnoa. Dr. Corseul romnrkod, that in truth tho teething of tho infant would bo tho torriblo timo of trial. And tho result' showed the oxtcnt of hiB knowledge and experience. For in about thrco montliB — during wthich. Alonaiour, Gregoiro had 'waitod' with pxomplary patience, : whilo nothing raoro had, during that timo, bcou hoard from tho shipwright at Brest— nowB came to Plogarrian that the child was dead. . ;.; ,' 'v luonsiour Grogoiro showed tho, letter iiMyliibh tho Bad truth was told to liis, iriond ,tlio doctor. ' Thoro can be no doubt about it; that the child is dead?' said ; tho doctor, uttering thiB'Botne what strango remark, in a sinKulaviy-Bignificfiut tone, and with a yet more strangely significant look at tho young man. ' Thero is no doujjt'! ', I toll you that tho child is doad,'eaid Monsibjir Grogoiro, returning tho look steadily, nnd, ris a by stander might havo said, if such thoro had boon ^wliich thero was not — almost thieatoniijgiyi fPUfk *1nii^rw if lift Vitwl oni* /Im«V«4a unnrt ♦Vi'j\i uiih jeet, might certainly havo aaked for n6mo'.dpc,u nontary proof of thp fact— soinb certificate !lo£ -urial, or such liko. But ho did not.do so. Ho lid, however, consent to tho botrothal-of ithis ovely daughtorto Mon.Hiour do Korgonncc do Plogarrian, and in duo course tho rnarrio'gd 'whs jolobrated. , Perhaps thp Brest .Bhipwrjgh,t'|bro,ke lis heart on .tho .occasion, for nothing- moro ^aa lioard of him. ; .?'.? ?-? ??, .?;:!.,;.'yi ,t ? . -, ???? .' (To bt continued.) ,. -, .« n .????;? In the neighborhood of Ballarat load- '(. stoalerfl oeein to bo ahead of thoir Melbourne ? confroros. .. In Melbourno they, aro /potttfcnfc \\. to atrip roofa ; at Ballarat thoy aro bold ►; enough to tako the load piping from wells. ; Mr. Douald Guuu, of Biirruuibuet, 'dis- ; covered, to hia astouishmont/that soydnty ;' foot of load piping has boen oarried away from a pump attached to a woll gunk ;oji his ?? farm. Air, Gunn has uofc the Bliyht'ea't; idija how and whon this lift was made, and is ' quito sure that it is not at the bottom of the * well. . r , Mr. Samuel, the eolicitor, ban boon '. sitting in judgment upon Judge Pohlmaa ] at Kyneton. In a case lioard. at Kyneton ' on 4th July, before the licensing bench, ? whon evidonco was given as to tho accom modation thb heuBO provided, the berfoh ro minded Mr. Sftmuol that cvidencb of thja ; kind wob not neoded, as the mngistratos had. visited tho house and knew what the ao- . , commodfttion was. Mr. Samuel replied that ' their worahipfl had np right tp .visit- the house, or to take judicial cogniaanco of any thing whioh did not come out in bvidenco. The police magistrato remarked that Judge Pohlman, bofora deciding casba , of ''C appeal under tho old aot/ almost invariably: in spected the house. 'Thoni)''rcpliba'Mr. Samuel, ' Judge Poblman did, wrong.' , ,; 