THEATRE ROYAL. MR. J. B. HOWE AS HAMLET. Mr, J. B. Howe, a tragedian whose arrival in Australia is of recent date, made his first ap- pear in co before a Melbourne audience at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. The house was well filled, excepting the dress circle, and the advent of the now cans did ate for histrionic honours was evidently regarded with considerable interest. Mr. Howe chose for the initial performance of his engagement the very arduous part of "Hamlet." This is perhaps the most difficult of all Shaksperian creations fully to embody. It is a pure effusion of the poet's brain-not a distinctly marked character of strong mind ever Marine the accomplishment of a set purpose, but one distinguished rather by refinement of thought, wavering of will, and pathetic intensity of feeling. Nothing should he further removed from its representation than the qualities of hardness and dry precision, which effectually destroy the charm of its shadowy surroundings. The actor is placed at a very great disadvantage in having to impersonate a character which is so thoroughly well known and appreciated by his hearers. The fine thread of philosophical speculation which runs through the play, its unexplained mysteries, and its. delightful diversity of character, with merri- ment and solemnity alternating, which make "Hamlet" so irresistibly attractive, have caused it to be the oftenest read of Shak. speare's plays. Every student forms his own ideal of the princely Dane, and if in these days an actor presents what is accepted as an approximately good Hamlet, he may claim to have performed a work of no small merit, Mr. Howe may claim to have accomplished something more than this, though there have been good Hamlets on the Melbourne stage, and one preeminently so. Mr. Howe has evidently studied in the Fechteiian school;, he wears the light coloured hair and (incidentally) his intonation at times has a very remarkable resemblance to that of Mr. Walter Montgomery. He is below the medium height, and has none of those special personal graces which are so great an aid to a poetic representation of the part. His Hamlet is neither a picturesque nor a fascinating one, but it is a performance on which he has clearly bestowed infinite pains and study, and in which he has established an unquestion- able right to be numbered among the worthy exponents of Shakespeare. He is quite free from the vice of attitudinising, and on the whole comports himself very quietly. As regards the stage business, there is not much that is now in this representation When Hamlet first sees the ghost, he throws himself backwards into the arms of Horatio and Marcellus, his hat and cloak falling upon the , ground, and is borne up by his friends, while questioning the spirit. His exist,. in following the majesty of buried Denmark' to the battlements is more effective. With his eyes bent fixedly on the ghost, he walks on without looking behind, but at each step makes abaokward'.thrust with his sword, to guard against molestation by his friends. In the play scene, instead of using a fan he adopts Mr. Fcchtor's plan of holding a parch- ment writing of the argument, and does not wriggle across the stage to watch the play of the King's features, but contents himself with occasional furtive glances between the leaves of the scroll. When the tumult following the murder of Gonzaga arises, in the excitement of the moment he tears the King's cloak from his shoulders, and whirls it round his head in a wild paroxysm. This is a piece of extravagance which is quite unnecessary, and adds nothing to the effectiveness of the scene. The soul-searching soliloquy, "To be or not to be, is delivered in an under tone, seated on an ottoman, Ophelia being at her prayers in another corner of the apartment. This gives point to the address, " Nymph, in diversions be all my sins remembered." A new feature is introduced in this soliloquy Mr. Howe representing Hamlet with a dagger in his hand (which he occasionally points at his breast as though he had almost determined on committing suicide, hut had been stayed by a sudden train of reflection. The floats scene is quite a new idea. Hamlet dies with his back to the audience, supported in a reclining position. This is directly contrary to the canons of stage rule, which require that every thing, when possible, shall be done facing the audience, but the point is not one of any moment, and the situation is rather effective. Some of the soliloquies were given very commendably. The passage beginning, "What a piece of work is man," is a favourable specimen of Mr. Howe's elocutionary power. He did not make a great impression in "To be or not to board the other great soliloquy " What a rogue and peasants have am I" was rendered somewhat roughly, although with a good deal of dramatic force. The affecting episode in which Hamlet feigns madness to Ophelia was powerfully represented, and in a way which left no doubt on the minds of his audience as to his reading of this important passage. The closet scene was almost spoiled by the incapacity of Miss Juno, who played the Queen mother. Mr. Howe, nevertheless, made a great point of the passage, " Almost as bad, good mother, as kill a king, and marry with his brother." The advice to the players was discriminating given. The early portion of the grave scene was excellently performed, as was also the quarrel scene with Laertes The encounter with Ophelia's brother, in which the weapons are exchanged, was like wise very well contrived. There are some minor points in the tragedy which other actors give greater prominence to than does ' Mr. Howe, but this detracts but little from the merit of his impersonation. Mr. Howe was not letter perfect in the part, but some allowance must be made for a first night of representation before a Melbourne audience. He was very warmly received on making his first appearance, and was called before the curtain at the end of each act. The measure of success which Mr. Lowe has achieved in "Hamlet" justifies the belief that his Richard III., for which he has superior qualifications, will be well worth seeing. The impersonation of the other prominent characters in the play was much the same as on previous occasions, the only important exception being the part of Ophelia, which was represented by Miss Julia Kdouinfor the first time. Miss Edouin has had little experience in Shaksperian characters, but the performance was full of promise. We have soon experienced actresses much less pleasing and effective in the mad scene. Mr. Ireland's King and Mr. Rogers's Polonius are now traditions of the Melbourne stage, and both are excellent performances. The latter may be reminded, however, as regards the old cour- tier's advice to his son, that there are obvious reasons why the passage " rich not gaudy," as in the text, is preferable to "neat, not gaudy," the reading given on Saturday night. Mr. Harwood represented the ghost with his customary care, but he is too fleshly and altogether too comfortable looking a ghost to excite compassion for the miseries of his sulphurous abode, or add much to the illusion of the scene. Mr. Greville gave due point to the grim humour of the gravedigger, and Mr. Appleton made a very passable Laertes. Miss Juno is not equal to the part of the Queen. Miss Jenny Bryce im- personated the actress of the play scored. 2 is only a small part, but she contrived to make it very noticeable by the preposterous inappropriateness of her dress, which was the ordinary walking costume of a middle-class woman of the present day chignon and all. 