ADMINISTRATIVE ARRANGEMENTS AND RED TAPE. When the Hon. R. C. Baker shortly after taking office was asked by a member of the Assembly to define the duties of Attorney General he verv reasonably reouired that notice snould be given or the question. Practically it imposed upon him the necessity of explaining his raison iVetre, and the novelty and bluntness of the enquiry might well cause him to pause. The information sought had been studiously kept secret by previous Attorney - Generals and Ministers of the Crown, and it was natural that he should wish to consult authorities before venturing to reply. When at length he de cided on replying he made it evident that great pains had been bestowed in hunting up material for an answer. It was divided into many heads, whereof the ' firstly' was exceedingly vague — 'He is one of the responsible Ministers of the Crown, and fulfils all the duties political and executive connected with his office.' The secondly, thirdly, fourthly, and fifthly were tolerably explicit j the latter part of the sixthly — ' he advises on the civil cases in which the Go vernment are concerned, and, if necessary, appears on behalf of the Government'— is peculiarly calculated to mislead if it is intended to convey the impression that the necessity hinted at often arises. This is one of the points in which the public have the material for forming a judgment beside them, and the general testimony will be that the Attorney-General's appearances on behalf of the Government in the Courts are not likely to interfere much with his other duties. The seventhly and eighthly are both tolerably definite, and then comes the comprehen sive ninthly— 'He has various other duties.' On what ground the young member singled out the Attorney-General from his colleagues in putting his question it is clifliculttoknow, for there are other Ministers whose func tions are quite as much of a mystery to the general public. Their titles give a very partial insight into the nature of the work allotted them, and there is no statement published to supply the lack. The distri bution of the Government business and the relation of one Ministerial depart ment to another, are things only known to the privileged few, and this want of knowledge implies an aggra vation of the evils of circumlocution, which, according to the experiences of Civil Services all the world over, requires no special encouragement. The forms through which an ordinary communication has to pass before it is replied to are nume rous enough without subjecting the hapless correspondent to the risk of getting no reply at all because inadvertently l:e has addressed himself to the wrong officer. We have not far to seek for illustrations, for those furnished by the evidence of the Committee on Bonds and Drafts are peculiarly apposite. A gentle man addresses an enquiry to the Trea surer, whereas, owing to certain action of which he has had no notice, he ought to have addressed it to some one else. As the penalty for this perfectly innocent mistake he gets no reply at all, although the matter was one of importance with which he himself was closely concerned. How many case3 of this kind may have occurred without ever reaching the public eye it is impossible to say ; but there is nothing in the system to prevent such neglect from becoming common. If we feel confident it has not been common there is abundant evidence that it is because heretofore the olficers in the various establishments are as a rule diligent and attentive to their duties. Take for another example the minutes made by His Excellency the Governor in reference to the £55,000 loan negotiated by the late Treasurer. Instead of being transmitted direct to Mr. Hughes, the rules of red tape demanded that they should be initialled by the Private Secretary and forwarded to the Chief Secretary ; noted by the Chief Secre tary and handed to the Under Secretary; forwarded by the Under Secretary through the Under Treasurer to the Treasurer ; and then sent slowly back through the same routine. And this was done three or four times, until the Treasurer got tired of the tedious process, and had a personal inter new with His Excellency. In order, how ever, that the substance of the explana tion then communicated might appear as a record it was necessary that a minute from tho Governor should travel wearily up to the Treasury, and then wearily down again, to be entombed in the archives of the Chief Secretary's office, and to be eventually disinterred for the enlighten ment of the Select Committee. They seem to manage these things bette*. in New South Wales, or, at all events, the public are not left to the same extent to grope their way to a knowledge of the Ministerial head of the office with which their business lies. An official statement is periodically issued of the administrative arrangements in force, and this receives wide circulation through the Press. In it the departments under the control of the Ministers are set out, and the re lations which the several establish ments bear towards each other are defined. Making allowance for the fact that there are six members of the Cabinet in New South Wales, the adjustment of the business there and in this colony differs very slightly. The Secretary of Works, however, is pro perly charged with the erection of electric telegraphs, a work which here accom panies the management, and is under the jurisdiction of the Treasurer. In Sydney the duties connected with the working of electric telegraphs attach to the Postmaster - General, whoholds aportfolio. Here theofficer who occupies the joint position of Telegraph Superintendent and Postmaster ? General serves two masters, the Treasurer and the Chief Secretary, and it is rather singular that he should have been allowed to do this so long. It has always been understood that the two departments should be concentrated under one Minister, at all events so far as manage ment is concerned ; the construction of new telegraph lines might very properly be confided to the Commissioner of Public Works. If the time has not arrived for rearranging in certain respects the programme of Ministe. rial work, it certainly is desirable that the public should be made officially acquainted with the arrangements that exist. Something further ought also to be done to break down those interminable circumlocutions, and that unconscionable redtapeism, which must be as obnoxious to the members of the Civil Service as they are bewildering and vexatious to the outside public. Bonded Stores. — A circular has been addressed by the Collector of Customs to the owners of bonded stores in Adelaide and the Port, intimating that it will be necessary on or before Monday next to make application for permission to continue their stores, and also to pay the fee of £50 for 12 months' licence to 31st December next. The cir cular adds that a copy of the proposed regulations may be seen at the Custom House by the storekeepers before deciding upon their course of action. Should they decline the terms they will not be allowed to take in any more goods, but will be allowed one month to clear the stocks they at present hold. So far the circular seems straightforward enough, although we do not understand why the usual custom of gazetting the regulations before calling upon parties interested to act under them has been departed from. But on applying for a copy of these regulations in order to give our readers an idea of their contents we are informed that it cannot be supplied because the regulations have not been agreed to by the Cabinet. This is per plexing. If the regulations which are shown to the bonded storekeepers as the basis of the contract on which they pay their £oO are not yet approved, what guarantee have they that they will be the regulations under which they will have to act? Should the Cabinet decide to make them more stringent, those who have paid their money will have a fair ground of complaint ; should they be relaxed, those who have not sent in their applications because of their stringency may be equally disappointed. We have else where commented upon the tendency of all Governments towards circumlocution, but the present is rather a case of anticipation. It is decidedly putting the cart before the horse to ask the storekeepers to pay their money first and settle the terms of the agree ment afterwards. ? ? ?♦ ? Election of the Legislative Council. — In our leading article in Tuesday's Rfjisler on the ' Victorian Platform' we stated it as our impression that the plan for providing that a portion of the Council should retire whenever there was a dissolution of the Assembly was originally proposed by Mr. Strangways. In this it seems we were mistaken. It was originally propounded in the amendment of the Constitution Act, proposed by the Hart Ministry in ISO'). The idea was supported by Mr. Strangways at that time, and it has frequently been put forward on subsequent occasions. Sithkmk (.'uri!T.--The Supremo Court will sit in Equity on Friday next to hear motions and short causes. Rhscn-: from Drowntnv..— Mr. l-arrctt, chief ollictv of the St. Vincent, gallantly rescued from drowning a man who, whilst in ;i state of intoxi cation, had fallen from the wharf on Monday evening. It appears that after retiring to bed he heard the splash, and upon -j;ohvj; on deck, with the aid of a lantern, saw the man strui^ ding in the water. He immediately jumped in to his assistance, and succeeded in rescuing him, notwithstanding the darkness of the niuht, from what must otherwise have been a watery grave. IloimClTTlTai. AND Fr.OMClTTnUI. SOCIETY. —The usual meeting of the Committee of this Society was held at the Norfolk Anns on Tuesday afternoon, February 1. Present— Mr. F. S. C*. DriilieM - President I, Dr. Wylde, Messrs. \V. Everard, J. 0. Hoffman, E. * W. Wright , and W. Haekett (Secretary). No business of any importance was done. Tho President exhibited collections of Gloxinia, Hibiscus and Fuchsias. Salvia ainabilis, Oioclea glycinoides, Trachalium, Ipomea lachnospennea, Triumo lutea, and other (lowers. The Ckntual Road Board.— The following gentlemen have been again nominated l-y the Government to serve as members of the Central Board of Main Roads: — Mr. G. McKwin, J.P., of Glen Ewin, and Mr. K. Smith, J.P., of O'Halloran Hill. The Board will therefore consist of Messrs. A. Hallett, J.P., T. Playfonl, M.P., H. Warren, J.P., F. Ilanmiford/j.P., G. McEwin, J.P., and R. Smith, J.P. Wkiohts and Mkasi'RES.— It will be seen from the report of the Municipal Council that they intend in future to regulate the weights and measures used in the city. The City Market.— The Corporation have accepted the tender of Mr. George Aldridge for leasing the City Market for three years at £(315. DKSECRATrox.— A portion of the inhabitants of Watervale 'were lately much annoyed by three horsemen racing on a Sunday down the main road from end to end of the town at top speed, apparently for a bet or prize. Apart from the danger attending such a practice in such a place, the act was a wilful insult to those who consider rightly that the day should be otherwise spent. Grain Market at Auburn.— Tho establish ment at Auburn, the central point of a large corn-growing district, of a species of Exchange where buyers and sellers of grain may at stated times purchase or dispose of wheat and other pioduco by sample, has been mooted in that town. At present a largo quantity of corn is bought there, but tho bulk is delivered at Saddleworth, Riverton, or Tarlee, on the Northern Extension Hue, or at Hoyltou an-l other parts of the Port Wakefield Railway. Buyers from various parts of a wide area could, the promoters believe, meet with advantage to do business with growers or brokers, and some of the rather shady modes of running up or down prices might, it is considered, be dis countenanced. Such a movement, if successful, would probably be the beginning of similar ventures in other parts of the c*lony, and instead of farmers regarding it necessary to hawk their samples from one dealer to another, agriculturists could in their particular localities at stated times gather together, discuss prices and markets, and do business with the capi talists or agents who attended. It is a part of the scheme that files of the leading papers should be accessible, and that telegrams from, say tho capital of each province, should bo received from reliable sources. Should the plan be enter tained more fully, or assume a definite form, publicity will be given in the usual way. Dinner to Mr. Strangways at Glenelg. — A preliminary meeting was held on Tuesday evening, February 7, at the St. Leonard's Inn, Glenelg, for the purpose of considering the propriety of giving a farewell dinner to tho Hon. H. B. T. Strangways prior to his departure for England. It was decided that a dinner should be given to the hon. gentleman, and that it should be open, not only to tho old volunteers, but to the residents of Glenelg geuerallv. The meeting was adjourned to a future day to ascertain the probable number that would have to be provided for, and also to consult Mr. Strangways as to the time that would be most convenient for holding the valedictory enter tainment. Insurance Meeting. — A meeting of the shareholders of the Equitable Fire Insurance Company will be held to-day at Mr. Abrahams' office, The Society of Arts.— We are requested to direct special attention to the announcement, which will be found elsewhere, that the Society of .Arts' Exhibition of pictures will be closed on Thursday evening next. At tb.it time the 31 prizes distributed by the Society will be drawn for. Every one subscribing before Thursday next will be entitled to share the chance of obtaining one of those prizes in addition to the presentation work, which is certain. All those who have not yet visited the Exhibition we 'would recommend to do so to-day or to-morrow. On Thursday evening- officers for The ensuing year have to be appointed. North Adelaide Baptist Church. — On Tuesday afternoon and evening a sale of useful and fancy articles left from the ba~iar in aid of this church, held in November last, was held in one of the rooms adjoining the now lecture hall, when a good trade seemed to be done. On the same evening a tea meeting was held in the lecture hall and classrooms, and a very successful public gathering, considered as the opening meeting, took place in the church; the Kev. J. L. Parsons presiding. Interesting addresses were delivered by the Chairman, ami the Revs. J. Price/ J. Jefieris, J. G. MeMiciue', A. Scales, and II. J. Lambert. The Gregory TitourE. — The Gregorys repeated their entertainment on Tuesday night to a crowded stalls, pit, and gallery, and -i moderately well-tilled dress circle. The perfor mances from first to last were gone through with the success which only long practice and natural fitness for the business could ensure. The only feature not alluded to in our first notice were the feats on the perch by the three brothers. These are so cleverly executed that tho audience almost forget how highly spiced they are with danger to the limbs, if not to the life of the per formers. The well-educated dogs, the careful !y- trained ponies, and the human members of tae troupe were as interesting in their several ways as on the lirst night. Port Victor.— On Friday evening, the 3rl instant, a' lecture on 'Enoch Arden'' was deli vered by Captain Louttit, of the ship St. Vincent, in connection with the NewLmd Memorial Church, Port Victor, the subject being illustrated by dissolving views. Mr. Tito occupied the chair. A vote of thanks to the lecturer closed a very pleasant evening's enter tainment, the proceeds of which amounted to nearly £13. The Gawler Accident.— The n:.i:i Henry Ashby, who was hurt by a fail ot earth at Gawler lnst Wednesday, was brought to tov/n by the train on Tuesday, and admitted to tho Hospital, a.s his case had assumed a somewhat serious aspect, Postal Eccentricities. — The currents of traffic are in the North much altered since the advent of railways, and towns have been raised or depressed as the result of trade running in new channels. The postal service has also been necessarily reorganized to the ad vanta-,'3 of some places, and the detriment of others. It has been difficult, doubtless, to five villages on tho old Burra-road facilities at all like what they previously had when stage coaches ran along stopping at each, and the townships between Saddleworth or Kivertou and Kapunda on the Hamilton-road are very badly off. There may be some show of excuse on the ground of ex pense, or some other, why Marrabel, Hamilton, and Allandale should not have frequent and direct communication north and .south, though the inhabitants of each doubtless fail to recog nize the validity of the reasons alleged. Bat at the upper end of the Northern Extension rail way there cannot be the ghost of a cause shown for the arrangement in force. Here is the state of affairs. Home one goes to Farrell'.s Flat, or any station between the Burra and llivorton, in the evening, before the up-train has passed, and po-ts a letter for Kooringa ; the missive, how ever, cannot go by that train, but remains in the oilice, and with any others posted up to 8.30 a.m. next day is sent down the line to Riverton, coming at noon to the starting point, and then going on to the Burra. Tho same interesting and intricate process is repeated with letters sent from Kooringa to intermediate station-;, fur what reason no one but the veriest rodt:ipi.s could possibly state. People often reap advan tage from travel, but the ''longest way round ??- the nearest way home' is a maxim for lovers, not letters, and the benefit to correspondence from its being detained many hours, and carried double or treble the distance that is required, is hardly appreciable. There is no more efficient department in the Government service than tho postal, and it may therefore confidently bo be lieved that this anomally has only to be' pointed out in order to be remedied. The Adelaide Marine and Fire Asscrance Accoi'NTs.— 'We understand that an appoint ment has been made for a mooting between Mr. G. 8. Price and the Auditors of the Adelaide Marine and Fire Assurance Company on the subject of the accounts presented at 'the half yearly meeting of the Company. Chimney on Fire.— At about half-past 1 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon it was reported that a fire had broken out in Hindley-stroet, but it was soon discovered that it was nothing more than a chimney on fire at the luck of Messrs. Main and Geyer's. Two reels were quickly on the spot, bat their services were not i.eeded. Streaky Bay.— A correspondent, writing on February 3, states that there were a good many visitors at Streaky Bay during the Christinas holidays. A man named Hamilton, in the course of an impromptu hurdle race, met with an accident through a dog running in front of his horse, which tripped, and foil heavily. The rider was picked up it was supposed dead, but in three or four hours he was all right again, without any appearance of injury except a bruise on the forehead. On the 20th of Decem ber a little boy three years old fell into a tank 10 feet deep with five feet of water in it. Ho was taken out by his father in about five minutes, when he was black in the face, and apparently lifeless, but after vigorous friction with salt for a quarter of an hour or 20 minutes he recovered. Elementary Singing Class.— This evening a new elementary singing class is to be formed at the South Australian Institute. This is the eleventh class of tho kind constituted by Mr. H. F. Price. Responsible Government in the West.— The Australasian writes— 'Western Australia has been making tho most of its woman of responsible government, and, apparently, before many years it will be in a position to demand the full measure of constitutional liberty. Tho members of the new Parliament, which assembled for the first time towards the close of 1870, bare in a short period got through an amount of practical work which would be creditable to more pretentious legislatures. Among other matters, they have transferred the making and repair of roads to local boards, formed municipalities in the principal towns, and otherwise carried out tho principle of local government. They have also adopted the English bankruptcy law and other Imperial Statute?, recognising the desirability of harmonizing local and Imperial legislation. Already, however, there has occurred some thing like a hitch between, the colonial authorities and the Colonial Office. Public works are among tho most pressing require ments of the colony, and Governor Weld had submitted a scheme authorizing a loan of £100,000 to be raised for this purpose; pro posing additional taxation to pay current inte rest on the amount, as well as a Sinking Fund, with the view of its ultimate extinction. It was fondly supposed that Dowuing-street would sanction a loan for reproductive works for which it was impossible to provide Out of current ex penditure ; but the question was scarcely under weigh when there arrived a despatch from the Secretary of State refusing to sanction a loan for more than £25,000— that to be expended only upon works that met his approval. Intense was the indignation of the new legislators at this indignity (it was asserted that half a dozen of the members could have easily raised the £100,000 upon their own personal security); and there was a general expression of sentiment as to the necessity of having full control over their own affairs; but, upon reflection, it was acknow ledged that they had much better ' make haste slowly.' Parliament will probably pass a Bill authorizing the negotiation of the £100,000 loan, and request His Excellency to procure the authorization of Downing-street. The Swan River colony is evidently getting too big for its svraddliflg-ciothes.' What People Drink.— A fortnight ago a resident in Sydney purchased a rum- puncheon, and, in order that it might be effectively cleansed, he caused tho head of the cask to bo taken out. Inside the vessel he found about two bucketsful of tobacco, raisins, and pine apple. The publican had probably reduced the strength of the rum by a copious admixture of ?water, and then sought to restore the intoxi cating properties of the diluted spirit by an infusion of tobacco, while the raisins and pine apple were added to give it the luscious flavour of ''fine old West India rum,' And in this way the public are being poisoned by whole sale. A malignant ingenuity is perpetually being exercised to deviso means of extorting an extra profit from dram drinkers and brandy-bibbers. The agencies resorted to are simply murderous. They are so in a double sense. They destvoy both body and mind. They send some of their victims to the cemetery, and others they consign to tho madhouse. Our poisoners are more to be dreaded than the cunning toxicologists of the middle ages, for men and women knew their deadly enemies, and suspected the perfume in the glove or the powder in tho goblet. But nowadays a stranger may hand you an enve nomed draught across the counter, and, politely smiling, thank you for the coin which ho receives in exchange. You imagine you are drinking a wholesome beverage, whereas in reality it may lie 'doctored' with oilof vitriol, oil of turpentine, sulphuric acid, quassia, coculus indieus, tobacco juice, or cherry laurel water. And this goes on from day to day with absolute impunity. For of what use are the _ enactments against adulteration, when the giving effect to them is entrusted to the police ! They would do their duty by the public if they could ? but for the detection of adulterated articles of food and drink you require the services of scientific experts—of men whose educated palates would qualify them to decido that a substance was sophisticated in the first instance*, and whose analytic skill would enable them to determine the nature and the amount of tho deleterious ingredients in the second. If the Inspector of Distilleries were authorized to take this subject in hand, he would speedily astonish consumers and confound adulterators.— J ustralasuui. Loyalty and its Privileges.— In the Now South Wales Assembly the following motion has been put on the j taper by Mr. Buchanan: — ''1. That in the opinion of this House, tho conduct of the British Government in withdrawing all its troops from this country implies an intention to leave us without British assistance, in the event of Great Britain being involved in war. 2. That while cherishing the warmest affection for the mother-country, as well as the most devoted loyalty to Her~j*Majesty the Queen, we can apprehend nothing but danger to this country so long as tho British connection is maintained, and the British troops withdrawn. 3. That while Great Britain may at any moment bo involved in war, it is incumbent upon her, so long as she hokls these colonies, to see to their proper security and defence, otherwise she involves us in a serious peril, while by her action in the withdrawal of her troops she seems dead to this very grave responsibility . 4. That the Government of New South Wales should at once ascertain the intentions of the British Government on this head, and obtain from tho authorities in England a clear statement of their readiness and willingness, in the ovent of England being involved in war, to undertake such a share in the defence of this country as our relationshipand political connection impora. lively demand. 5. That tho foregoing resolu tions be communicated by address to HU Excellency the Governor.' Raising the Wind.— Tho following curious process of raising money to pay racing stakes is recorded by the Oecns and Murray Advertise)' :— 'At a Committee meeting of the Wangaratta Racing Club, held on last Tuesday evening, tho following extraordinary motion was put an I carried: — 'That each racehorse owner be in formed by the Secretary in writimr that their horses will be disqualified if they are put up at the premi.-es of a publican who does not sub scribe X'2 'is. per annum to the Club ; also, that if their horses are shod at any blacksmith's shop, the owner of which does not subscribe ?A Is, P-t annum to the funds of the Cl ib, they will ako be disqualified.'' Fl.ATTKTiiNc— The New Tim ft, in an article on Fisk's management of the New York Democracy, draws the following picture of tho man:-' He is not simply a bad man— tli.it everybody knows— but he is a man who laughs at and despises nearly everything that this com munity holds sacred. He is, wo believe, a nearer approach to the ruffian of tho Pagan or Oriental type than any one who has yet appeared in a prominent position in any modern Christian State. He has stolen on a scale never before equalled, except by armed conquerors, and he has so secured the control of the Governor of the State and of the Legis. Idtnrc and the Judge* that he is able to use them in defeating all efforts to make him disgorge his plunder, and is even ably to secure judicial assistance in the perpetration of fresh knaveries. Nor is this all. With tho proceeds of these thefts he has surrounded him self, for two or three years, with a bevy of drabs, with whom he appears publicly in a gilded coach, drawn by six horses, and in a theatre, which is carried on merely as a convenient cover for his debauchery. Ho has as his standing counsel, who appears for him in defence of all his rascalities, a member of Henry Ward Beecher's church and a member of the I3u Association, both of these being organizations whoso express object is tho purification of morals and elevation of individual character.' Extraordinary Scene in a Court.— The following is from tho San Francisco /-nf/-'tm:-~ 'During the trial the Jurors in the O'Connor murder came into the Twelfth District Court, when Judge McKinstry said if any Juryman had anything to communicate ho would listen to him. One of them, William Hosford, arose and stated that he differed from the eleven other Jurors, and did not wish to he kept with them another night; that he was afraid for the safety of his life. He wont on and said that last night one of the Jurors had placed a pistol at his head and threatened to kill him if he did not agree to a verdict. He feared, he said, that the man was not in his right mind. His story caused a profound sensation injthe Court-room. Judge McKinstry said it was highly improper for any man to g-j into the Jury box armed, and if any one of their number had weapons they must immediately give thorn up. Upon this a man named Howard arose and handed over to the Deputy Sheriff a poignard and Derringer pistol. Judge McKinstry commented severely on the act of taking such weapons iuto a Juryroom. Howard explained that he was in the habit of carrying them, but denied in the most positive terms that the ?itory toid by Hosford was true. The Court said tho story was highly improbable. The Jury was finally discharged without giving a verdict. [From yesterday's Evening Journal. \ The Weather.— During the last two or throe days the weather has been unusually capricious. On Sunday evening a violent duststorm set in with some indications of an approaching thunderstorm. The night was sultry, but tho next morning gave decided indications of a change. In the afternoon the barometer began to fall rapidly, and from 8 till 9 o'clock in the evening the rain came down in torrents. It is curious that these atmospheric disturbances should occur midway between two Saxby days, namely the 2nd and 9th, but so it is. In the hills it rained during the greater part of tho night, and part of Tuesday morning. The Rainfall. — The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Monday and. the same hour on Tuesday at the undemoted places:— Adelaide ... 1*060 Port Augusta ... 3*500 Gawler ? 0-890 Mount Barker 1*070 Tanunda ... 0-900 Strathalbyn. ... 0*508 Blanchetown ... 1-240 Willunga ... 0-511 Kapunda ? l'51O Port Elliot ... 0-290 Auburn ? 1450 Goolwa ? 0-230 Wallaroo ? 0*320 McGrath's Flat 0-530 Moouta ? 0-500 Robe ? 0 610 Clare ? 2*100 Penola ? 0*190 Burra ? 2 -060 Narracoorta ... 0-360 Melrose ? 2*710 Gutneracha ... 1*680 The Omeo.— We have beeH requested by the agent of the steamer Omeo to state that no passengers for Melbourne can be taken by that vessel, 