UNCLE SILAS : A TALE OF BARTRAM-HAUGH. CHAPTER XL. IN WHICH I MAKE ANOTHEE OOUBDL'S ACQTJAIN TANOE. Author of Br J. 8. IE FANU, Wyldcr'8 Hand," "The Bouac by the Churchyard," & o. ic. My correspondence about this time was not very extensive. About onee a fortnight a letter from honest Mrs. Rusk conveyed to me how the dogs and ponies were, in queer English, oddly spelt; eome village gossip, a critique upon Doctor Clay's or the curate's lost sermon, and some severities generally upon the Diesentora' doings, with loves to Mary Quince, and all good wishes to me. Sometimes a welcome letter from cheerful Cousin Monica; and now, to vary the series, a copy of complimentary verses, without a signature, very adoring—very like Byron, I then fancied, and now, 1 must contess, rather vapid. Could I doubt from whom they came ? I had received, about a month after my arrival, a copy of verses in the same hand, in a plain the ballad style, of the soldierly eort, in which the rater said, that as living his sole object was to please me, so dying I should bo his latest thought; and some more poetic impieties, asking only in return that when the Btoruiof battle had swept over, I should " Bhed a tear" on seeing " the oak lie, where it fell." Of course, about this lugubrious pun, there could be no misconception. The Captain was unmistakably indicated: an4 I was BO moved that I could no longer retain my secret; but walking with Milly that day, confided the little romance to that unsophistical listener, under the chesnut trees. The lines were so amorously dejected, and yet so heroically redolent of blood and gunpowder, that Milly and I agreed that the writer must be on the verge of a sanguinary campaign. It was not easy to get at Uncle Silas's Tin,is or Morning Post, which we fancied would explain these horrible allusions; but Milly bethought her of a sergeant in the militia, resident in Feltram, who knew the destination and quarters of every regiment in the serviceand circuitously, from this authority, we learned, to my infinite relief, that Captain Oakley's regiment had still two years to sojourn in England. I was summoned one evening by old L* Amour, to uncle's room. I remember his appearance that evening so well, as he lay back in his chair ! the pillow; the white glare of his strange eye; his feeble, painful smile. » " You'll excuso my not rising, dear Maud, I am so miserably ill this evening." I expressed my respectful condolence. " Yes : I am to be pitied ; but it is of no use, dear," he murmured, peevishly. "I sent for you to make you acquainted with your cousin, my son. Where are you Dudley ?" A figure seated in a low lounging chair, at the other side of the fire, and which till then I had not observed, at these words rose up a little slowly, like a man stiff after a day's hunting; and I beheld with a shock that held my breath, and fixed my eyes upon him in a stare, the young man whom I had encountered at Church Scarsdale, on the day of my unpleasant excursion there with Madame, and who, to the best of my belief, was also one of that ruffianly party who had so unspeakably terrified me in the warren at Knowl. I suppose I looked very much affrighted. If I had been looking at a ghost I could not have felt much more scared and incre- dulous. When I was able to turn my eyes upon my uncle he was not looking at me; but with glimmer of that smile with which a father looks on a son whose youth and comeliness he admires, his white face was turned towards the young man, in whom I beheld nothing but the image of odious and dreadful asso ciations. " Come, sir," said my uncle, we must not be too modest. Here's your cousin Maud what do you say ?" " How are ye, Miss Maud ?" he said, with a sheepish grin. " Miss ! Come, come. Miss us, no Misses, said my nncle; "she is Maud, and you Dudley, or I mistake; or we shall have you calling Milly, madame. She'll not refuse you her band, I venture to think. Come young gentleman, speak for yourself-" " How are ye, Maud?" he eaid, doing his best, and drawing near, he extended his hand " You're welcome to Bartram-Haugh." "Kiss your cousin, sir,. Where's your gallantry ? On my honor, I disown you," exclaimed my uncle, with more energy than he had 6hown before. With a clumsy effort, and a grin that was both sheepish and impudent, he grasped my hand and advanced his face. The imminent salute gave me strength to spring back a step or two, and he hesitated. My uncle laughed peevishly. " Well, well, that will do I suppose. In my time first-cousins did not meet like strangers, but perhaps we were wrong; we are learning modesty from the Americans, and old English ways are too gross for in." " I have—I've seen him before—that is; and at this point I stopped. My uncle turned his strange glare, in a sort of scowl of inquiry, upon me. " Oh 1—hey 1 why this is news. Yon never told me. Where have you met—eh. Dudley?" Never saw her in my days, so far as I'm aweer on," said the young man. " No I well then, Maud, will you enlighten us ?" said Uncle Silas, coldly. " I did see that young gentleman before, I faltered. " Meaning me ma'am ?" he asked, coldly. "Yes—certainly you. I did, uncle," I answered, "And where was it, my dear? Not at Knowl, I fancy. Poor dear Austin did not trouble me or mine very much with his hospitalities." , This was not a pleasant tone to take in speaking of his dead brother and benefactor; but at'that moment I was too much engaged upon the one point to observe it. " I met"'—I conld not say my cousin—" I met him, uncle—your son—that young gentleman—I saw him, I should say, at Church Scarsdale, and afterwards with some other persons in the warren at Knowl. It was the night our. gamekeeper was beaten. " Well, Dudley, what' do you say to that ?" asked U«iole^Sfi|,; , „. " I never wtw,Rt them places, <o help me. I don't inow where they be; and I never get eyes on the young ladybefore, *a6 I.hope to be saved, in all my days," said he, with a countenance so unchanged and an air so confident that I began to think I must be the dupe of one of those stange resemblances which have been known to lead to positive identification in the witness-box, afterwards proved to be utterly mistaken. " You look so—so uncomfortable, Mand, at the idea of having seen him before, that I hardly wonder at the vehemence of his denial. There was plainly something disagreeable; but you see as respects him it is a total mistake. My boy was always a truth-telling fellow—you may rely implicitly on what he says. You were not at those places ?" " I wish I may ," began the ingenious youth with increased vehemence. " There, there—that will do ; your word and honor as a gentleman—and that you are, though a poor j>ne—will quite satisfy your cousin Maud. Am I right, my dear ? I do assure you as a gentleman, I never knew him to say the thing that was not." So Mr Dudley Ruthyn began, not to curse but to swear, in the prescribed form, that he had never seen me before, or the places I had named, " since I was weaned, by " That's enough—now shake hands, if you won't kiss, like cousins," interrupted my uncle. And very uncomfortably I did lend him my hand to shake. " You'll want some supper, Dudley, so Maud and I will excuso your going. Good-night, my dear boy," and he smiled and waved him from the room. "That's as fine a young follow, I think, as any English father can boast for his son— true, brave, and kind, and quite an Apollo. Did you observe how. finely proportioned he is, and what exquisite features the fellow has? He' s rustic and rough, as you see; but a year or two in the militia—I've a promise of a commission for him—he's too old for the line—will form and polish him. He wants nothing but manner; and I protest when he has had a little drilling of that kind, I do believe he'll be as pretty a fellow as you'd find in England." I listened with amazement. I could discover nothing but what was disagreeable in the horrid bumpkin, and thought such an instance of' the blindness of parental partiality was hafSly credible. I looked down, Tlreading another direct appeal to my judgment; and Uncle Silas, suppose, referred those downcast looks to maiden modesty, for he forebore to task mine by any new interrogatory. Dudley Rutliyn's cool and resolute denial of ever having seen me or the places I had named, and the inflexible serenity of his countenance while doing so, did very much shake my confidence in my own identification of him. I could not be quite certain that the person I had seen at Church Scarsdale was the very same whom I afterwards saw at Knowl. And now, in this particular instance, after the lapse of a still longer period, could I be perfectly certain that my memory, deceived by some accidental points of resemblance, had not duped me, and wronged my cousin, Dudley Ruthyn ? I suppose my uncle had expected from me some signs of acquiescence in his splendid estimate -of his cub, and was nettled at my silence. After a 6hort interval he said— I've seen something of the world in my day, and I can't say, without a misgiving of partiality, that Dudley is the material of a perfect English gentleman. I am not blind of course—the training must be supplied a or two good models, active selfcriticism, and good society. I simply say that the material is there." Here was another interval of silence. " And now tell me, child, what these re collections of Church—Church—what ? " Church Scarsdale," I replied. " Yes, thank you—Church Scarsdale and Knowl—are ?" So I related my stories as well as could. " Well, dear Maud, the adventure of Church Scarsdale is hardly so terrific as I expected,' said Uncle Silas with a cold little laugh " and I don't see, if he had really been the hero of it, why he should shrink from avowing it. I know I should not. And really can't 6ay that your pic-nic party in the grounds of Knowl has frightened me much more. A lady waiting in the carriage, and two or three tipsy young men. Her presence seems to mfl a guarantee that no mischief was meant; but champagne is the soul of frolic, and a row with the gamekeepers a natural consequence. It happened to me once—forty years ago, when I was a wild young buck— one of the worst rows I ever was in." And Uncle Silas poured some cau-de-cologne over the corner of his handkerchief, and touched his temples with it. " If my boy had been there, I do assure you—and I know him—he would say so at once. I fancy he would rather boast of it. I never knew him utter an untruth. When you Imow him a little you'll say so." With these words Uncle Silas leaned back exhausted, and languidly poured some of his favourite eau-de-c.ologno over the palms of his hands, nodded a farewell, and, in a whisper, wished me good- night. "Dudley's come," whispered Milly, taking me under the arm as I entered the lobby. " But I don't care : he never gives me nout; and he gets money from Governor, as much as he likes, and I never a sixpence. It's a shame 1" So there was no great love between the only son and only daughter of the younger line of the Ruthyns. I was curious to learn all that Milly could tell me of this new inmate of Bartram-Haugh; and Milly was communicative without having a great deal to relate, and what I heard from her tended to confirm my own disagreeable impressions about him. She was afraid of him. He was " a woundy ugly customer in a wax, she could tell him." He was the only one " she everknowed as had pluck to jaw the Governor." But he waB "afeaxed on the Governor, too." His visits to Bartram-Haugh, I heard, were desultory; and this, to my relief, would probably not outlast a week or a fortnight. "He tvas such a fashionable cove:" he was always " a gadding about, mostly to Liverpool and Birmingham, and sometimes to Lunnun, itself." He was." keeping company one time with Beauty, Governor thought, and he was awfully afraid he'd a married her; but that was tdl bosh and nonsense ; and Beauty would have none of his chaff and wheedling, for she liked Tom Brice;" and Milly thought that Dudley never, •'jcared a crack of a whip for her." He . used-to go to the Windmill to have " a smoke with Pegtop;" and he was a member of the Feltram Club, that met at the "Plume 'o Feathers." He was " a rare good shot," she heard; and "he was before the justices for poaching, but they oould make nothing of it." And the Governor said "it was all through spite of him—for they hate us for being better blood than they." And " all but the squires and those upstart folk loves Dudley, he is so handsome and gay though he be a bit orossat home." And, " Governor says, he'll be a Parliament man yet, spite 'o them all." Next mornu%, when our breakfast was nearly ended, Dudley tapped at the window with the end of V s clay pipe—a "churchwarden" Milly called it—just such a long curved pipo as Joe Willet is made to hold between his lips in those charming illustrations of "Barnaby Rudgo"—which wo all know so well—and lifting his "wide-awake" with a burlesque salutation, which, I suppose, would have charmed the " Plume of Feathers,'' he dropped, kicked and caught his "wideawake," with an agility and gravity, as he replaced it, so inexpressibly humorous, that Milly went off in a loud fit of laughter, with the ejaculation— " Did you ever ?" It was odd how repulsively my confidence in my original identification always revived on unexpectedly seeing Dudley after an interval. I could percoivo that this piece of comic byplay was meant to make a suitable impression on me. I received it, however, with a killing gravity; and after a word or two to Milly, he lounged away, having first broken his pipe, bit by bit, into pieces, which he balanced in turn on his nose and on his chin, from which features he jerked them into his mouth, with a precision which, along with his excellent pantomime of eating them, highly excited Milly's mirth and admiration. CHAPTER XLI. MY CODSIN DUDLEY. Greatly to my satisfaction, this engaging person did not appear again that day. But next day Milly Uold me that my uncle had taken him to task for the neglect with which he was treating us. " He did pitch into him, sharp and short, and not a word from him, only sulky like; and I so frightened, I durst not look up almost; and they said a lot I could not make head or tail of; and Governor ordered me out o' the room, and glad I was to go ; and so they had it out between them." Milly could throw no light whatsoever upon the adventures at Church Scarsdale and Knowl; and I was left still in doubt, which sometimes oscillated one way and sometimes another. But, on the whole, I could not shake off the misgivings which constantly recurred and pointed very obstinately to Dudley as the hero of those odious scenes. Oddly enough, though, I now felt far less confident upon the point than I did at first sight. I had begun to distrust my memory, and to suspect my fancy ; but of this there could be no question, that between the person so unpleasantly linked in my remembrance with those scenes, and Dudley Ruthyn, a striking, though possibly only a general resemblance did exist. Milly was certainly right as to the gist of Uncle Silas's injunctions, for we saw more of Dudley henceforward. He was shy; he was impudent; he was awkward ; he was conceited ; altogether a most intolerable bumpkin. Though he sometimes flushed and stammered, and never for a moment was at bis ea6e in my presence, yet, to my inexpressible disgust, there was a selfcomplacency in bis manner, and a kind of triumph in his leer, which very plainly told me bow satisfied he was as to tlie nature of the impression he was making upon me. I would havo given worlds to tell him how odious I thought him. Probably, however, he would not have believed me. Perhaps he fancied that "ladies" affected airs of indifference and repulsion to cover their real feelings. I never looked at or spoke to him when I could avoid either, and then it was as briefly as I could. To do him justice, however, ho seemed to have no liking for our society, and certainly never seemed altogether comfortable in it. I find it hard to write quite impartially even of Dudley^Ruthyn'a personal appearance ; but, with an effort, I confess that his features were good, and his figure not amiss, though a little fattish. Ho had light whiskers, light hair, and a pink complexion, and very good blue eyes. So far my uucle was right; and if he had been perfectly gentlemanlike, he really might have passed for a handsome man in the judgment of some critics. But there was that odious mixture of viauwise lionte and impudence, a clumsiness, a slyness, and a consciousness in his bearing and countenance, not distinctly boorish, but low, which turned his good looks into an ugliness more intolerable than that of feature; and a corresponding vulgarity pervading his dress, his demeanour, and his very walk, marred whatever good points his figure possessed. If you take all this into account, with the ominous and startling misgivings constantly recurring, you will understand the mixed feelings of anger and disgust with which I received the admiration he favoured me with. Gradually he grow less constrained in my presence, and certainly his manners were not improved by his growing ease and confidence. He came in while Milly and I were at luncheon, jumped up, with a " right about face" performed in the air, sitting on the sideboard, whence, grinning slyly and kicking his heels, he leered at us. Will you have something, Dudley ?" asked Milly. No, lass; but I'll look at ye, and maybe drink a drop for company." And with these words, he took a sportsman's flask from his pocket, and, helping himself to a large glass and a decanter, he compounded a glass of strong brandy and water, as he talked, and refreshed himself with it from time to time. "Curate's up wi' the Governor," he said with a grin. I wanted a word wi' him; but I s'pose I'll hardly git in this hour or more; they're a praying and disputing, and a Biblechopping, as usual. Ha, ha I But 'twon't hold much longer, old Wyat says, now that Uncle Austin's dead; there's nout to be made o' praying and that work no longer, and it don't pay of itself." "Ofiel For shame, you sinner l" laughed Milly. " He wasn't in a church these five years, he says, and then only to meet a young lady. Now, isn't he a sinner, Maud— isn't he ?" Dudley, grinning, looked with a languishing slyness at me, biting the edge of his wideawake, which he held over his breast. Dudley Ruthyn probably thought there was a manly and ^desperate sort of fesoination in the impiety he pfofeBBed. " I wonder, Milly," said I, " at our laughing. How nan you laugh ?" " You'd havo me cry, would ye ?" answered Milly. " I certainly would not havo you laugh," I replied. " I know I wish some one 'ud cry for me, and I know who," said Dudley, in what he meant for a very engaging way, and ho looked at me as if he thought I must feel flattered by his caring to have my tears. Instead of crying, however, I leaned back in my chair, and began quietly to turn over the pages of Walter Scott's poems, which I and Milly were tben reading in the evenings. The tone in which this odious young man spoke ofhis lather, his coarse mention of mine, nnd his low boasting of his irreligion, disgusted me more than ever with him. "They parsons be BIOW coaches—awful slow. I'll have a good bit to wait, I s'pose. I should be three miles away and more by this time—drat it!" He was eyeing the legging of the foot which he held up while he spoke, ps if calculating how far away that limb should have carried him by this time. ".Why can't folk do their Bible and prayers o' Sundays, and get it off their stomachs ? I say, Milly lass, will ye see if Governor be done wi' tlie Curate ? Do. I'm a losing the whole day along o' him." Milly jumped up, accustomed to obey her brother, and as she passed me, with a wink— " Money." And away she went. Dudley whistled a tune, and swung bis foot like a pendulum, as he followed her with his side-glance, "1 say, it is a hard case, Miss, a lad o 1 spirit should be kept so tight. I haven't a shilling but what comes through his fingers; nn' drat the tizzy he'll gi' me till he knows the reason why." " Perhaps," I said, " my uncle thinks you should earn some for yourself." " I'd like to know how a fella's to earn money now-a-days. You wouldn't have a gentleman to keep a shop, I fancy. But I'll ha' a fistful just now, and no thanks to he. Them executors, you know, owes me a deal o* money. Very honest chaps, of course ; but they're cursed slow about paying, I know I made no remark upon this elegant allusion to the executors of my dear father's will. " An' I tell ye, Maud, when I git the tin, I know who I'll buy a farin' for. I do, lass." The odious creature drawled this with a sidelong leer, which, I suppose, he fancied quite irresistible. I am one of those unfortunate persons who always blushed when I most wished to look indifferent; and now, to my inexpressible chagrin, with its accustomed perversity, I felt the blush mount to my cheeks, and glow even on my forehead. I saw that he perceived this most disconcerting indication of a sentiment the very idei of which was so detestable, that, equally enraged with myself and with him, I did not know how to exhibit my contempt and indignation. Mistaking the cause of my discomposure, Mr. Dudley Ruthyn laughed softly, with an insufferable suavity. " And there's some'at, lass, I must have in return. Honour thy father, you know; you would not ha' me disobey "the Governor ? No, you wouldn't—would ye?" I darted at him a look which I hoped would have quelled his impertinence; but I blushed most provokingly — more violently than ever. " I'd back them eyes again' the county, I would," he exclaimed, with a condescending enthusiasm. " You're awful pretty, you are, Maud. I don't know what came over me t'other night when Governor told me to buss ye; but, dang it, ye shan't deny me now, and I'll have a kiss, lass, in spite o' thy blushes." He jumped from bis elevated seat on the sideboard, and came swaggering toward me with an odious grin, and bis arms extended. I started to my feet, absolutely transported with fury. " Drat me, if she baint a-going to fight me!" he chuckled humorously. "Come, Maud, you would not be illnatured, sure •? Arter all, it's only our duty. Governor bid us kiss, didn't he ?" "Don't—don't, sir. Stand back, or I'll call the servants." And as it was I began to scream for Milly. "There's how it is wi' all they cattle! You never knows your own mind—ye don't," he said, surlily. "You make such a row about a -bit o 1 play. Drop it, will you 1 There's no one a-harming you—is there? I'm not, for sartain." And with an angry chuckle, he turned on on his heel and left the room. T think J was perfectly right to resist, with all the vehemence of which I was capable, this attempt to ussume an intimacy which, notwithstanding my uncles opinion to the contrary, seemed to me like an outrage. Milly found me alone—not frightened, but very angry. I had quite made up my mind to complain to my uncle, but the curate was still with him; and, by the time he had gone, I was cooler. My awe of my uncle had returned. I fancied that he would treat the whole affair as a mere playful piece of gallantry. So, with the comfortable con- viction that he bad had a lesson, and would think twice before repeating his impertinence, I resolved, with Milly's approbation, to leave matters as they were. Dudley, greatly to my comfort, was huffed with me, and hardly appeared, and was sulky and silent when be did. I lived then in the pleasant anticipation of his departure, which, Milly "thought, would be very soon. My uncle had his Bible and his consolations ; but it cannot have been pleasant to this old rout;, converted though he was this refined man of fashion—to see his son grow up an outoast, and a Tony Lumpkin; for whatever he may have thought of his natural gift, he must have known how mere a boor he was. I try to recall my tben impressions of my uncle's character. Grizzly and chaotic the image rises—silver head, feet of clay. I as yet knew very kittle of him. I began to peroeiVe that he WAS what Mary Quince used to call " dreadful particular"—I suppose a little selfish and impatient. He used to get oases of turtle from Liverpool. He drank claret and hock for bis health, and ate woodcoqkgnd other light and salutary dainties for thp fame reason; and was petulant and vicious about the cooking of these, and the flavour and clearness ofhis coffee. His conversation was easy, polished, and, with a sentimental glazing, cold; but across this artificial talk, with its French rhymes, racy phrases, and fluent eloquence, like a streak of angry light, would, at intervals, suddenly gleam some dismal thought of religion. I never could quite satisfy myself whether they were affectations or genuine, like intermittent thrills of pain. The light of his large eyes was very peculiar. I can liken it to nothing but the sheen of intense moonlight on burnished metal. But that cannot express it. It glared white and suddenly—almost fatuous. I thought of Moore's lines whenever I looked on it— Ob, ye dead I oh, yodeadt whom ye know by the II you give From your njld pi earning cycB, though you move like men who lire. I never saw in any otbereye the least glimmer of the same baleful effulgence. His fits, too —bis hoverings between life and death— between intellect and insanity—a dubious, match-fire existence, horrible to look on ! I was puzzled even to comprehend his feelings toward his children. Sometimes seemed to mftjhat he was ready to lay down his soul for them ; at others, he looked and spoke almost as jf be hated them. He talked as if the imagi of death was always before him, yet he took a terrible interest in life, while seemingly dozing away the dregs of his days in sight of his coffin. Oh ! Uncle Silas, tremendous figure in the past, burning always in memory in the same awful lights ; (he "fixed white face of scorn and anguish ! It seems as if the Woman of Endor bad led me to that chamber and showed me a spectre. Dudley had not left Bartram-Haugh when a little note reached me from Lady Knollys, It said:— "DEAREST MAUD,—I have written by this post to Silas, beseeching a loan of you and my Cousin Milly. I tee no reason your uncle can possibly have for refusing me; and, therefore, I count confidently on seeing you both at Elverston to- morrow, to stay for at least a week. I have hardly a creature to meet you. I have been disappointed in several visitors; but another time we shall have a gayer house. Tell Milly—with my love—that I will not forgive her if she fails to accompany you. / " Belifve me everfcour affectionate cousin, ^ \f" MONICA KNOLLYS." Milly and I wJ^ both afraid that Uncle Silas would refuse* his consent, although we could not divine any sound reason for his doing so, and there were many in favor of his improving the opportunity of allowing poor Milly to see some persons of her own sex above the rank of menials. At about twelve o'cloqjc my uncle sent for us, and, to our great delight, announced bis consent, and wished us a very happy excursion. (To be conthvrd.) . I, 