li ilr Sojeanifs theoiy/tiiatBiere lias been a deposit of auriferous alluvium subsequent to -oodiiiig cf tie first lava stream that overspread tbe ancient valley of Ballarat. be correct, another great era of prosperity will be opened cp for TthiB district. The discoveries lately made by" tribntors in -the Band and .Albion Consols cjaim, and by tbe St George Company, seem "to point to the exiEteDce'tf goljm-vndiQ quite distinct from foe -original ilnvium rmch filled the old tiver arid creek beds. " 'A. month or two Eint vre calted- attentMa to iie views on tiiis snlect' propounded by .Mr Seijeant. and expressed "a itilJpe w UiAt "invesiagadons would.be made with a view rof eablishing OEjfogfog jjwm Ln their' ovm.quiet way the &cemen; in several daims have been occu pied in solving foe problem, but no united effort has yet been made to elucidate one of the most important questions that can pos sibly affect Ballarat mid foe colony. If. the "theOry, be' fibBolHfely borrect -'and -foe more recent reef vquhes/on the. plateau bear any (Mbpriimi ia ptdnt dF niiiKss' to those of foe Sir William Don, Koh-i-Xoor, and Consols- foe -dnllrtess ofEHamt -will not be aateo'.Bf compjamt for Jpng. ,. The queen gcldfidd wilJ, in ji-way fejr monilis, reassert its supremacy in foe most unmistakable fashionyfor foe difficulties wHzmdipg foe reaching of foe wash between.; foe eeoond and third rocks are as'nofoing. ' Tlhe water has long since been, drained from thelnter- vening drifts, arudmost of it ftom the basalt itself ; while the depth of sinking will be ' deemed but as dust' in ""foe balance: compared with foe . benefits in store. We may safely predict that every acre of likely ground betwem fitafo ebreet as « northern boundary, and the remotest shaft of foe ' leviathan on foe south, will be assiduoudy prospected ; that foe abandoned claimg on foe Durham will beyeoccnpied and worked : and foat wlietever" foere are more - than two layers of volcanic rock, foere will the boring rod and miner's pick be' actively ranjdoyed We are ; half afraid foe newB . is too good ..to be .-true, but as foe correctness or fallacy of foe . theory is about to be proved shortly on a ' large -BcateTt-would be-raEhim foe extreme to pronounce definifividy on foe matter for jBome tametocome. ? Mr BegintsayE foe "Contois are working foe westeriTreef wash, and foe St. George the eastern of foe main lead, and foatbofo deposits have been made since" the pritnal- ovefopread of lava from antediluvian volcanoes. .We know of no physical objebrion to snidh a"belie£ On foe contrary, -expexiencehas-tauglit that in many caEesfoerehaEbeenaBecond,and evenathird layer <ff gold-Beamg" detritiE. "ffho shall declare "posiriyely when foe "rich wash of foe Bir wiliiimi Don came tumbling' Tut vnot white run now bring worked by foe Hand and Band. &und;';ite"- way to its resting- place y what unproved beds-of-gold- contain- ing drtir may be contained in foe Winter's paddocks! .The -ehortsighted economy of foe Government in hi»Gn np foe geo- logical department, and dispensing with foe invaluable services iff so renowned a master rf. fop -. srience as; Mr Selwyn, isymore than everapparait. An opportnnity is now anbrded foe Minister iff Mines of mafeing i his de|»rtaieat -df national valued and if Mr Biough Smyth be worth his salt he will not rest until foe geological survey of Ballarat is resumed and completed. Let Mr hfackay but go determinedly into foe prosecution of this work and "he will have foe gnldfiplds members with him" -to a man AWl if foey be united and inearnest, all difficulties that may be -placed "in their way, on foe 'score off extravagant /-expenditure, ' will vanish as foe mnrrning mists before a summer's snn. We have already recommended the Minister .off Mines to -hand ova foe leases to foe Lands Office, and concentrate his attention upon devising man to inrrMM foe yidd of goid-foronghout the colony, by. encouraging' prospecting, giving substantial rewards to the -discoverers of foe process bv /which foe precious metal may be mote -readily, cheaply, and in larger quantity ¦dis integrated from foe matrix «nd aUuvium, and, above all, by extending the geological survey of. foe gold-bearing regions offoe colony. Should Mr Mackay do hin he -will have earned foe thanks of the entire commu- "nity, and have estahlished an nrifatlin g bank of grafobode for future generaticma. Should he peraist in foe policy which characterised his first twelve months off office, he will de serve. to be ranked with . foe Sullivans, Smiths, and Mrigrors,/ foan wMch wje can imagine no "more ignouunious com parison. Wake up, Mr .-Mackay, now that you. have got (Golibah) water off foe brain, and 1st foe colony see that you are made of Birahng stuff, j . And once more vie beg eff you tobome to. Ballarat and judge fi w yourself whether . Mr. Seqeant ia a mere, dreamer of a practical philosopher. Can nothing be done to stir-up the Gcp.lftmjr- Post Office into something -like activity when foe mail steamer reaches Queenscliff J We are loafo to find ffiolt whth nffirool. when foey do their beat to meet foe public Irishes ; but really foe ' dday whirii occurB evmy-mmfo in ' transmitting foe ' Ballarat and Western mails through to thpir desii- TtaHons, is fast becoming insufferable. .- Tues day's experience has added anoths- proof that there is a want iff help in foe Geelong office for we canniot.' believe' foe delay arises from any other cause, peeing that Mr Vivian, foe postmaster, is proverbial for per sonal activity on such occasions. " The mail steamer Avoca reached Queenscliff at five precisely, and though .fois .afforded no"" ilea than four hours for landing, foe mail, transmitting it . to Geelong, mad sorting foe letters for Ttnllarot. and ite surroundings, yet only forty letters found their way to Ballarat by foe nine o'clock , foain, end s few bundles - of newspapers. What was foe resulk? His pecple of Bal larat, with foe exception, of foe forty blessed ones,, had to wait until noon qf yesterday before foey obtained their correspcmdence,- whilst tbe inhabrtmte of- all :lhe towns be- yond were without their ldfari -for riwirij- another dsy, -,owing<fo the bulk of foe mapfi beillgdifepatched atmidriight byiywch fnrthl i couuUy.ditoth-'Hrould ahriifdtri&ecqit; this delayaa k . Thp maifiiy should be bmhgbt. fizzm jQ«gcnc»j«g to Gee long under two hriirs, ««! surely imf foan a similar tame sfamiM enffire for separating the Geelong letters ffom those which reach their destinations bv of the railway. The Set' is that want of arrangement is the sole cause of the eviL When it is known the mail-bags will reach Geelong a short time before foe time for foe departure of the train, the postmaster there should hare power to put on as many men to sort the letters as the circumstances require, and if necessary foe departure of foe train should be delayed so that foe letters may that night find their way to their destinations. Of course, foe more business- like method would be to have foe letters sorted in Pngland, or, if that can't be done, foey should at least be sorted by fop Admiralty agent, or a subordinate, on foe way round f We trust foe representa tives of foe country districts concerned will bring fori subject under foe notice of Par liament when it assembles, if a change for foe better cannot be brought about by less demonstrative means. At present their constituents are much inconvenienced by the bungling manner in which foe mails are sent through to Ballarat. and foe delay which necessarily occurs in their subsequent transmission. The whole affair, in point of fact, is a perfect farce. under foe title of " Royal Mail Letters " foe proprietors of foe Madras Mail have republished foe unauthentic, but extremely amusing epistle from Alfred to Albert Edward, and answer of foe Prince of Wales to his sailor brother. To make up a volume, foe history of foe.hoax, and comments upon it by Rnglirii. European, and Tndian news papers, are incorporated with foe lively account of foe Duke of Edinburgh's -visit to Madras, which originally appeared in foe Mail of that Uk. One chapter of foe brochure contains a leading article from foe Courier, in which it may he re- menibeped! "we accepted foe letter ) ascribed to Prince Alfred as genuine. Many a hearty laugh have we enjoyed since at our mistake, and our merriment has been re newed upon finding that other journals fell into foe same well- baited trap. Even a second perusal of foe "Letter from Alfred to Albert /" Edward" scarcely dispels foe illusion that it was a genuine production. — every line is so natural and lifelike. The author deserves -infinite credit -for -his wit and versatility. So well was foe - joke disguised that it was found necessary for foe "London Times to authoritatively deny foe authenticity of foe two- letters. "As foreign readers " cannot" be expected to discriminate," says foe Thunderer, " it is necessary to declare, " as we have authority for doing, that both " letters are forgeries." The Paris cor respondent of foe Allahabad Pioneer writes as follows oh foe subject : — Have you observed that the Times was ohlisfd to droy authoritatively the authenticity of the pob'ished .correzpoDdencs of Her Majesty's two 6obf? You wiU em He at this in India, but the letters were translated into most Continental languages, aed given as genuine. Indeed, my old friend tbe Sedeprndaace Beige waxed exceedingly angry when we assured it the letters were a quiz and tbe editor maintained io large type their authenticity. It te rather bard oa your Madras .-contemporazy, . (bat the- Times shcnld name an Irieh journal ss the originator of the letters They were very amusing, though of course xnnch better .written , than anything personally com mitted io paper by either of the illustrious Princes conld be; still msny think it was too moch of a jokp, and that references to tbe pet nernee and inmost scenes of even a Royal Honse might as 1 well have been excluded. The Prince of Wales, I bear, Isngbe vrryhsartily at the joke; bnt the Queen, who is matter-of-fact solemnity personi fied. took a very different view, and peremptorily .directed what, in Eoglaod at least, was a very unnecessary denial of authenticity. I think, myself, that Hoy ally jawed a dzbt of gratitude to the -clever writer, for the sentiments put forward - showed nothing hut kindly hearts and intelligent minds on the, part -of the Princes, and certainly raised the Roval broth ree my much in the minds or innquien. - Aity tecfttt oc ub «llT uuu«c tola x-ere very innocent ones. Dia,srgfte ritt»DBof the C'rcait Cotrrt TeEter- day afternoon eome excitement was created in the viciuity of the building by the escape of a nri- aorer named Frederick Harrison, who. together with a yonng fellow named Sutton, had jnet been convicted on three charges of forgery and utter ing. The prisoners for trial are usually con veyed into the court under the charge of warders by a subterranean passage from tbe gaol to tbe court. A small room reached from the passage communicates with the dock," and also with an inner room intended for female prisoners. The latter Is lighted by a window looking out oo the" verandah protecting the side entrance to the conrt. This window is not protected byiron bars oo the outside, but the hesp fa secured with Ecrews so as to prevent it being easily opened. TTie warder io charge of the prisoners was John Carroll, and as a second warder could cot be spared from the gaol Constable Parsons 'was to'd off for tbe . duty. Harrison and Sntton had jast been convicted, and were being conveved bsck to prison, having been remanded for sen tence; and as they left the dock, two women, charted with burglary, were called. The door of the room in' which they were waiting was opened, and tbe -constable escorted them to tbe dock, where tbe ward-v was already standing, Harrison saw his opportunity, and turning into the room tbe women bad just vacated, be raised the window and stepped cot oo to tbe verandah without ex- cUiog the iesst notice. Finding himself at large, -be immediately began to run. This attracted tbe notice of one of tbe warders stationed on the look out of tbe gaol, and be at unce gave the alarm; but before tbe - police became aware of the fact, foe bird had not only flown, hut had succeeded in g'tting altogether ont of sight The consternation of the cfficiaU and the extra activity of the police, who ran frantically hither and thither, in the most ineffectual efforts to recapture tbeir prisoner, caused a good deal of amusement to tbe court loungers, who had turned out en auuse as soon be the report spread of the escape. The prisoner was last seen running in the direction of Shirt street along Armstrong street, and acting upon tbi« cine Detective Potter mounted a horse and rode off towards the Cemetery. Seeing no trace of Harrison there, he thought it likely that he would would have sought refuge in foe Botanical gardens. He accordingly turned bis horse in that direction. On arriving at Glut's hotel, opposite the boat ebedf, he d -amounted for the purpose of making enquiries, and on entering the bar he beheld tbe escaped prisoner coolly reading a news - paper: Potter at once presented a revolver, and threatened to shoot Harrison if he resisted. The prisoner,- -however, had? evidently no desire ta tempt fate; so be quietly submitted to be hand cuffed, and was led hick to prison. He will be brongbt up for sentence fois morning, when no doubt Us attempt to escape will not have the effect of mitigating bis punishment It is some what singular font Detective Potter, who suc ceeded in recapturing the prisoner, bad assisted in ids originaT"arrest. A meeting of the Investigation Committee was held at Mr - Glenny's slndio. Main road, last evening; Mr J. T. Phillips, of Humffrsy street, in foe chair. Mr Harris (the secretary) reported as to the petition having been sent to town by the Monday night's train, with nearly 1000 signatures, on w.roll .four yards Jong. Satisfaction was ex pressed, at the progress made, and the meeting adjourned until the reply from Sir James M'Col- ioch is received. The Creswick Advertiser states that the two members tor Creswick bare received circulars from tbe heads of foe Roman Catholic Church, soliciting their support of Mr Duffy for the Npskerfoip.- Qnr contemporary states that foe Creswick members will be divided on fois ques tion. We think it wonld show better taste for persons ontside Parliament not to interfere in eueh matters, and thus avoid exposing themselves to a charge of committing a breach of ite privi leges. 'In fote esse, however, we are in a position to state that the Catholics are divided upon Mr. Duffy's candidature. Mr O'Shanassy and Mr Tftegereld are both working hard against Mr Duffy, and many other influential members of foe eame denomination sympathise with them in their efforts to prevent fab. elevation to Sir 'Francis Murphya Vacated chair. The probability at pre sent is that foe new Speaker will be Captain MacMabon. A meeting of gentlemen desirous of establishing a branfo .of the Protectant Ain.m». Friendly 8bH-'ty nf Victoria in Ballarat was held at tbe British Queen hotel Jast evening. Mr W. C. Hate teu, voted to the chair, end called upon the secretary pro tern , Mr Miller, to read the adver tisEmentoonveMcgthe meeting. The rales of the Order were then read, from which it appeared thtt foe benefits to be received in times of «ii""» were precisely similsr to other friendly sccietiee' while tfc: contributions wculd be one ebillirg a week. Upwards of fifty gentlemen gave ia tbeir names as members. It was resolved that the initiation fee for foundation membrrs be £1, fin that ihe list remain open for one month. The billowing gentlemen were appointed a committee to' mske the necessary preparations for opening I the lodge st an early date, viz — Messrs Hale, ; Macaw, M'Hee, Newman. Baker, Stalker, Holder . Douglass, Jenkios, Davies,acd Miller, wbo were empowered to receive applications for member - atrip. The sittings of tbe Circuit Court were cons- mduced yesterday, bf fore his Honor Judge Barry , Jamrs Sutton and Frederick Harrison were coa- rictfdof forgery and uttering, end were remanded for s'-otsDce. Willizm Johnson was fonnd guilty of a similar cffencs, and sentenced to lour years on foe reads. George J. Turner, charged with embezzlement, was convicted also. Jacob Wood, charged with manslaughter, was found guilty ; but on account of extenuating circumstances, he was only ordered to pay a fine cf one shilling. Jane Dwyer, Annie M'Donaid, and W. W. Dyer were convicted of receiving with a guilty knoweldge. Tbe court sits this morning at ten o'clock. Tbe provisional directors cf foe Ballarat Woollen Cloth Factory will meet this forenoon, at eleven o'clock, at Mr Maui's office, Comer botel. for foe purpose of making a general effort to enlist public support for their scheme, and to bring ont foose.wbo are still wavering. We are quite sure that so far as opinions go no proj'Ct was eTer more favorably received foan fois has been, and Especially fay the men of small means ; end we are glad to see the proposition for facilitating payment cf Capital is one of foe snbjecteto be discussed. This we consider the most important one in favor of the new company, as if foe terms of psyznent are made easy, larger numbers cf abtrts wUi be sold and more shareholders will be offering ; while if tbe machinery effered to foe company te arranged to he purchased, the terms will enable them to commence operations with a greatly reduced capital to that originally in tended. We are glad te bear teat already one or two gentlemen have . offered- their services as volunteer canvassers for two or three days, to assist the directors. "At foe City Council,, yesterday, "Councillor Cowan (the late mayor) was presented by foe present mayor with s very handsomely engrossed address from himself and foe council lore, in acknowledgment of his services when in office. Connrillor Cowan gratefully accepted foe tribute in a manner at once graceful and to tbe point. Tbe annna! special meeting of foe committee of foe Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held on Saturday, at Craig's hotel. Busi ness — To consider tbe annual report of foe society, ana tbe appointment of auditors. The annual genFral meeting of tbe society will be held at Craig's on the 6th of May next. An inqnest was held yesterday, at Fyausfordi on the tody of foe young man, Henry Murpby, who was found in a watcrho'e of foe Bsrwon on tbe previous day. Toe evidence of his mother, who resides st Newtown, went to show that until 'ately deceased had V-en an extremely well behaved yonng man, bnt a few weeks since be commenced to stay out late at night, and family differences had followed. There conld be do dcubt that the deceased had committed suicide, and a verdict to that effect was returned, A meeting of electors in foe West Biding of the ehire of Bcninyoog was held on tbe llth, at Fnssell's hotel. Napoleons, when a nnmerontiy signed requisition was presented to Mr M'Hsffie requesting him te allow himself to be nominated for the seat rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr Hale. Mr M'Haffie having consented, the meeting resolved to do its utmost to secure his return. There was a tolerably good attendance at foe weekly meeting of tbe Ballarat Preebyterian As sociation, which took place last night. Tbe sub ject tor discussion wwb the expediency of corporal pnnishmeot, foe debate being opened by Mr R Rom in foe affirmative. Mr Long mere spoke to <be contrary, and a short but spirited discussion ecened; at tbe close of wbrob several matters of detail in connection with the forthcoming soiree were arranged, and foe meeting terminated. A girl named Catherine Richardson, aged sixteen years, was yesterday arrested in Mel bourne and conveyed to Ballarat, charged with stealing certain articles from tbe honse of Chas. Johnson. She bad decamped some days previously in company with a colored man, and foe action taken to bring her back was initiated by the girl's m tiler, who is anxious to save ber child if possible from a life of infamy. She will be brought before foe magistrates this morning. The um&l; monthly meeting of foe Ballarat Horticultural Society was held oo Wednesday evening, present —Messrs J. Nicbolie (chairman), J. Brace, J. Brewster, J. Campbell, W. 0. Oram , . \--"j t..mj«w. The accounts in cozmectioo'wilb ' tbe late show were passea so. p.jmcuL a. vote of tbsnks was passed to foe judges Mr Geo. Smith exhibited a collection twenty-six varieties of geranium andten varieties of new pentetemons, which were highly commended Mr N. d'Angri exhibited three bunches of Black Hamburgh i rapes grown under glass, and one bunch of the same grown out of doors, foe b-rrie: very large and fine, and which were highly commended. Mr J . H. S-nith showed thirty-six varieties carna tions and picotees. A young giri named Elizabeth Baker, who has several times been arrested in the Chinese Camp, waa again found foere late on Tuesday night, and yesterday morning she was brought up at the Eastern Police Court. The charge on which she was arrested was that of vagrancy, bnt no warrant had been issued, and consequently the bench had no option bnt te order her discharge. A sumptuous picnic was given yesterday to foe boys in the St. AngnEtine Roman Catholic Orphanage, Geelong, and the boys and girls of the schools belonging to the Christian Doctrine So ciety. About 1000 children were assembled at .t Mazy's Chorch. and walked tbence in pro cession to tbe Botanical Gardens, headed by a brass hand and the drum and fife baod of foe Orphanage. Tbe cortege was rather imposing. When arrived in foe ground, tbe sports usual on such oceasioos were fully indulged in, and creature comforts distributed to foe children almost ad libitum. Father O'Callaghan was present, and took great interest in foe proceedings. The BallanEhire Council, at its meeting on Monday, agreed to vote tbe following annual sums to foe charitable institution: nemed: — To tbe Ballarat Hospital, £15 15s; Ballarat Benevolent Asylum, £15 15s; Ballarat Orphan Asylum, £5 5s ; Kyueton Hospital, £10 10s; Deaf asd Dumb Institutior, £5 5s; Asylum and Scheol for foe Blind, £5 5s; and Eye and Ear Institution, £5 5s. It was agreed to pay these contributions every October. The Raster Fair at Bendigo has proved a great financial success. Tbe " takings" in all amounted to £2790 13s 6d. Wednesday evening's receipts at foe bszur have yet to be added to tbis sum. The profits are to be divided between the local hospital and benevolent asylum. The adjourned monthly meeting of the com mittee of the City Council and foe Bnogareeshire Council, relative to the Daylesford road via Dead Horse, which should have taken place yesterday, was postponed in consequence of there being no quorum present. The members in attendance were Councillors Turpie and Walker for Bun- garee, and foe mayor for Ballarat. Laurence Wish art, a miner, working in foe Prince of Wales mine, Sebistopol was admitted to the Hospital yesterday, suffering from a sprained knee, which had been caused by his rising too quickly whilst working in one of the drives in the mine. The anniversary tea meeting of foe Presby terian Church, Linton, was held at foe Shire HalL Linton, on Tnesday evening. The tables were presided over by Mesdamei TreetraO, Shepherd, Eraser, Louden, Nicol, and M'DougaU, and foe Misses M'Kar, Anderson, Edgar, Cameron, and Londec, and were well supplied with every re quisite, and tastefully decorated. About 100 sat down at foe first gathering, and about fifty or sixty at foe second. After tea foe meeting was addressed by foe Revs. W. Campbell (chair man), C. I Baird of Scarsdale, W. Adams of Smytbesdale, and Mr F. A. Taylor of Carnghsm. The Bev W. Henderson, of B&liarat;, was ex pected, but did not put in an appearance Dnring the evening the Linton choir sang several select pieces, which were highly appreciated, Mr Joseph Ittnyon presiding at foe harmonium. A hearty vote of thanks to the ladies, foe speakers, the choir, end to the chairman, was carried by accla- uutioOfUod tbe meeting closed. Some pigeon matches took place at the Two Bridges hotel, Windermere, an Tuesday afternoon. Mr Comber had provided some very strong birds, ana the arrangements gave great satisfaction to all persons present. Some very good sport, especially in foe concluding matches, wae shown, as will be seen by tbe following scores;— Sweep 10a each, three birds — Riley, 111; Govdie, 100- Mrtcalf, 100; Riley, winner. Sweep, 10: each,' three birds— Gowdie, 101; Metcalf, 0: Trevarton. 0; Combes, 100; Gowdie; winner. Sweep, io each, three birds— Gowdie, 100; Nicbolls. 110- Trevarton, III; Stewart, 0; Bigneli. 110; Tre- varton, winner. Sweep, 10s each, force birds— Bigneli, 103; Gowdie, 101, Nicbolls, 101; Trevar ton, 000; Stewart, liO; Biley, oil; Nicholls won to shooting off. Saddle and Bridle, three Wrds — Stewart, O; Nicbolls, 100; Bigneli, III- SS?' wn, 01: Qodie' 111 s Arnold, 111; Meterit 01; Hflsy, 01; Gowdie won in shooting -A®S" if"? WM won by Mr Bigneli, who killed all his birds. Tbe matches took place in a nice level paddock of Mr King's, Madly thrown open by him for the occasion. 1 At foe sitting of foe City Causal yesterday attention was drawn to recent re.if dp? rs as to lb - proptr hacgiag ol tbe Town Hal , bel s. C ccc'ilor Smith, by permission, askea same questions of the city architect, from which it transpired that fcotb the maker of the cioce an foe carter of the bells had twice be?n referred to as to foe position intended for placing them, ano the council had received replies that all the |wflBpMBttla were Eoitab?c. The resignation of Mr Joseph Comb, for many years town clerk of foe Western borough, and rabfequrotly of foe city since its incorporation, was given in yesterday through the committee appointed to deal with foe salaries. In tne recent rejections and change., fully detailed in oorrejrort elsewhere, foere will be a total saving of £51 J per sun am, the services of four officers being dispensd with after due notice. A handsome conducting baton wai presented by fo. Clones Volunteer Brass Band to their leader, Mr Ten-ill, on Saturday evening last. Mr BuEseil. enumerator at Bulldog, requests persons in that district who have not received census papers to communicate with him at once. A epecial meeting of the members of the Bal larat Alliance Permanent Building and Invest ment Society wil! bs held at foe office, No- 4 Chamber of Commerce, on Wednesday evening next. The usual weekly parade or the 1st and 3rd B V.R took place last night, under Captain-com mandant Sleep. Over 200 rank and file were in attendance. The men were first exercised in foe Orderly Room, whence 'they were marched to Sturt street; there, a .number of battalion m;vemsnta were performed in a creditable man ner, considering foe number of recruits in the ranks. The officers commanding corps put their meu through company drill, and foe parade soon after tcnsioitel Mr Charles Webb was the winner of the cup at foe tilting match at the Clones Show Yard, on Raster Monday. Bain put a stop to all the other sports, ana also to foe fireworks, ana spoiled the vsrioue picnics and pleasure parties. A number of the tradespeople in Bmllsrat Ksst were snmmoned to the Eastern Police Court yerterday for obstructing the footpath by exposing goods outside their shop doors. In each case a fine of Is with Ss costs was inflicted. Another batch of similar cases will be brought before the court shortly. At the Clones Po'ice Court on Monday, before the mayor and Mr Duncan, Thomas Brines was sentenced to a mouth's imprisonment for stealing a cat from a man named Oaczey at foe Ballarat and Claries boteL There were no Caere brought before tbe conrt yesterday. Tn another column will be found reported a meeting of foe committee of-the Ballarat District Hospital held last night. The quarterly return of the business transacted by foe Electric Telegraph Department still shows a steady increase (writes the Age), both in foe lumber of messages transmitted by foe wires and also in the revenne. The monthly average of foe numbzr of messages received and trans mitted from foe Melbourne office in 1669 was 1257\. but upon foe reduction in the price of tele grams last year the monthly average rose to 19,566; but the three months of foe present year show a still greater increase, the number in March amounting to 23,791. The revenue does not show Euch a large increase, bnt this te explained by tbe reduc?d price at which telegrams are now sent. In 1869 foe monthly average in Melbourne was £1S10, bnt in tbe year fallowing this wss reduced to £1218. In March of foe present year it baa increased to £1355. Tbe departmental revenue has also increased satisfactorily, foe monthly average in 1669 being £2548, against £3157 in March, 1871. . It te btyond a doubt (writes the Geelong Adver. tiser) that some new and very important evidence will be brought cut at foe trial of Geary for the Colac murder. A tailor named Hill, residing at Colac, states that some time after Brookbonse dis appeared he went to Geary's house and called him out. On leaving Mrs Geary, addressing ber husband, remarked, ' Now, Paddy, don't be long, for Pm afraid of Brookhonse's ghost." Sheep, and even horse stealing was a very common offence at foe time when foe murder is supposed to have been perpetrated. Paddy Geary had any thing but an amiable notoriety in the neighbor hood, and one of the low ranges on tbe border of Lake Colac bears to tbis day foe significant name of " Paddy's Look-out." Mrs Grary (states the Colac Herald) has mtdea clean breast concerning foe murder. It appears that Brookbonse was in foe bnt with Mrs Geary when Geary came home, snd after some angry words had passed, Geary took up an axe and struck him on the bead with it, killing him instantly. The blood spurted over foe silk dress Mrs Geary had on, and she waa compelled to burn several articles of clothing to avoid suspicion. Tbe terrible deed was committed at night, and Geary forced his wife to help htm to put the body in a bag, and then placed it before him on tbe saddle, threatening to serve her same if foe refused. He then took tbe body and buried it in foe Rises, where foe skeleton was found sixteen years after tbe dark deed bad been committed. The Gipps Land Times mentions the following incident in connection with foe taking of foe census: — Asnb enumerator had omitted to deliver a schedule at a certain house on Saturday, and therefore railed for the purpose on Monday. The owner of the honse took the paper, and then placing a finger to his nose, exclaimed — "And d'yer mean to tell me the Government wants to know what fowls I keep, and what my state of health is? Jab! Get along with yer; yer don't make a April tool of me; none to-day." It was some time before the sob-enumerator could make the man understand that he had no such intention . The Argus of yesterday gives the following information respecting the late war: — The follow ing ere given as foe actual Fr.nch and German war debts zip to the present time — North G-rman Confederation — Prussian loan.271, 000, 000 thaler:; Bavarian loan, 56,020 000 foolers; Baden loan, 4575.000 flrrins; Wurtrmberg loan, 9,000,000 fizrins ; altogether, 327.020.000 foolers and 13,575 000 flirine, or about 1,250,000.000 francs, equal to £50 000,000. France — 750.000.000 of franca before tbe war; 250,003,000 the other day; altogether, one milliard of francs, or £40.000,000. Total for both countries, say £90,000.000. The official returns show foe total Fnnch losses in January to have been 350,000 men and 800 guns. The loss of men is distributed as follows: — Of General Cbanzy'e army, 24,000; of General Boyl's forces, 12 000; of the army of General Faidberbe, 11, 00 ; and of foe army under General Bourbaki, 30,000; 80,070 men are set down as baviegcrossed into Switzerland, and the loss in Paris is esti mated at 1 5 " ,000 men. The total German losses in foe month of January amount to 10,000 men. The J amies cm Chronicle, in addition to foe re port of the inquest held on foe Gaffney's Creek murder, prints the following confession of foe man Hue, who is charged with the murder; " I wish my famDy not to be told of this sad occur rence. Between eight and nine p m. Quintan rame to my but and asked for me— ' Yra, I said, open foe door. I opened it and Quintan gave me two blows between foe eyes. Quintan left, snd I made a bottle-tamp and followed him to hie hut I said, 'Why did you strike me ?' He did uot answer. I then grappled with him, snd we both fell and struggled. I was over htm once, but he got on top of me. Again I got ovvr him, and struck (bumped) his head three or icnr times te foe ground. Then he said, Mercy, John, don't kill me; I will give you half the ground.' I saw I had too Enoch done, bo I picked op a stone that lay beside us, and struck him on tbe temple. He trembled, and threw his arms out from bis body. I did not know what to do with the body, I knew not what I was doing, so I dragged the body to a tree. I then ran to Jack's mis zni«, and set fire to the leaves he was steeping on; then rushed back and put blankets on the body, and set them on fire. I went home after a tittle time. I made some coffee, and fried some bread in tat, but had no appetite to rat it Next morring I went to work after breakfast I never meant to return to where the body lay." Mr Walter Montgomery has written a long letter to foe Era, in reply to Mr Charles Mathews' communication on a similar subject, in which he Etates that " Australia is foe only home for tbe legitimate drama, and I say this after a targe American and Knglisb experience." Sigoor Pompei, of the Pompei-Cegli Italian Open Troupe, axrired in Melbourne by tbe mail steamer. The next mail steamer, the Geelong, is to bring foe whole troupe. It is Expected that the company will make their first Appearance in the Princess' Theatre in the middle of May, in Verdi's opera ' Un Bsllo in Msschera." The American Excelsior Minstrels again drew a good honse at the Mechanics' last night. The singing of tbe company is excellent, and the witticisms of the corner men are attims very racy. The farce cf "Hamlet foe Dainty" is full of fan ; and foe humorous acting and dialogue are well maintained throughout. The company conn ??,,, their entertainments this evening. Chang and his companion held a levee last night af Ihe Alfred Hall, assisted by the Com modore and Tom Thumb, and in foe musical part also by Barry O'Neil, with Mr 7Hri..zJ s pianist The attendance wss rather vmnVl, ,n4 the levee broke up at as early hour. - A significant document has jn»t been isrued, namely, an address from the Grand Orange Lodge of the Independent Orange Association, which siys; — " With foe beginning of foe year foe pro visions of the Irish Church Act «n»> into opera tion. Already are have ample proof /that this peat measure will exert a b Eating influence as time progresses, and men become satisfied with foe poshioo of absolute equality in their relation to foe State." 