THE MONTH'S NEWS. In continuance of the sketcn 01 current events which our Monthly Summary affords, we begin our record with a. reference to the transaction the issue of which was still these shores. The question of making some South Australian , harbour a port of call lot the P. & O. steamers is still under con sideration. The Government have forwarded to the authorities in the other Australian Colonies an urgent and exhaustive despatch setting forth' the claims . of Glenelg to be selected for this purpose, and public opinion both in Victoria and New South Wales is, certainly more in favour of this arrangement than it was a few months ago; but it would be premature to assume that the question1 is at present near to a settlement. It seems generally conceded, however, that i* Glenelg is not agreed to, Nepean Bay will be fixed upon, and we may therefore look forward with something like confidence to the prospective discontinuance of our ex pensive branch service to King George's Sound. ? The Board of Education have made another effort to purge themselves of past imputations ' of a lax administration of their Act as regards their tacit sanction of more definite . religious instruction ? than ? their powers warranted by making an example of fchePulteney-streetSchool. The master of that school is one of the ablest teachers under the Board, and he cannot be charged with any act which was not sanctioned by official authority ; but the building is claimed as Church property,' the Trustees Jin whom the freehold vests . have recently bound them selves, as it appears, to teach the Church Catechism in the school, and other signs of a direct connection between the school and the Church are not wanting. The Catechism has never been actually taught in the school, nor is it alleged that ? there has been any denominational instruction; but after a long discussion the Board decided that from its constitution the school was precluded from receiving State aid. It is noteworthy that only four, out of the seven members of the Board voted on the question— three for the motion, and one against ' it. - There is evidently ' a wide . difference of opinion among the members as to how far they shall, attempt to make the practice of their, teachers harmonize with the -Act itself, and it remains to be seen whether they will attempt* to apply to other, schools the principle which has thus been affirmed. Many of our readers will take an interest in the question, referred to in our last Sum mary, of payment to the squatters for im provements effected by them upon portions of their runs which may be resumed for public purposes. The Government have, very unwisely it is thought, determined not to lay down any general rule which shall apply to all cases of the kind, .but to con sider every application as it arises, and thus -the squatters are as much', at fault . as before in respect of the actual position of any ? improvements they may| make. The effect of this want of definite action on the part of the Govern ment must be to some extent to paralyze industry and discourage undertakings which would not only be immediately beneficial, to our labourers, but would also enhance the producing capabilities of the country. It is hoped that the assembling of Parlia ment, which is now summoned for the 28th July next, may help to put this question upon a more satisfactory footing, although lack of funds rather than lack of inclination is in some quarters shrewdly suspected to be the real difficulty which prevents Govern ment from dealing with the matter in a comprehensive way. Another and a far more formidable claim upon our colonial fuidB is now being energeti cally mooted. We refer to the suit of certain English Northern Territory Land Order Holders against the Government for the recovery of the money paid by them, with interest thereon. The action has been dragging its slow length along for many months, but is now actually set down for trjal next week. In another part of this paper we give the substance of an argument in the Supreme Court preliminary to the trial, which has practically decided an important point in favour of the plaintiffs. - Tho ? Government were anxious to put in 'an equitable plea to the suit to the effect that they werie not' bound to deliver; surveyed land within a definite term of five years; that inasmuch as Mr. McKinlay, who went up to Adam Bay as agent for the plaintiffs, objected strongly to the site that had been selected, and urged the (survey' of 'other land elsewhere, and inasmuch as the delay beyond the time stipulated in the original Act was, partly at least, due to tho endeavour of the Government to comply with this request, it ought not to be heljl that time was of the essence of the contract I - It .is clear that this was a most material - - point— that if the Government were simply - bound to use all diligence to put the land- * order-hoklers. in possession,* and were not bound to ilo so vatbin the definite term of five years, they might allege that they had practically performed their share of the contract. ' The Supreme Co'urt, however took' an adverse view of the question, and refused to admit the plea. It is, of course'; * not for us to anticipate the result of the action, and still less to pretend' to say what ulterior proceedings it will involve. The matter is still suh'judice, and any speculation as to how it will end would be quite out of place; but it is curious to note that just at the time, when this claim' is being most actively urged, and when- so 'many of the English land-order-holders . are most determined to have nothing to do with the settlement at Port Darwin, its prospects for the future are becoming more hopeful. That it will be the landing- ? place of the Anglo-Australian Telegraph cable is now fixed beyond a doubt, and the full details furnished elsewhere of the wonderful progress of the land line across the continent give us every hope that the . entire line from Australia to England will be open before the end of the year. .'rtvvuiauio uctro xiao wou ucvu isbuvcu ui he progress of the first attempt to cross the continent with stock. Messrs. R. & J. Oner, who some time back 'started for i'ort Darwin with 4,000 sheep, have xrived as far as the MacDonnell Ranges- ' vithout loss! 'They have' had 'plentry'-'of : ' eed and water; and fully expect to reach' ' ?ort Darwin without difficulty. We may Jso direct attention to two articles in mother part of this paper describing the general trading capabilities and the facilities or rice-growing which our Northern Tern ary possesses. They are based mainly upon 'acts collected by Mr. R. D. Robs during his 'ecent visit to India and Europe, and should make even the most despairing and - order - holder hesitate before decid-. ng to abandon all hope of the settle** nent ultimately proviug a success. is yet it has only reproduced, with almost udicrous exactness in many of its features, the disasters and discouragements ° which: ittended the foundation ef South Australia itself, but there is certainly abundant reason to think that the' same enterprise and per severance which overcame all obstacles in ;he one case maybe equally successful in the )ther. In that case, the land-order-holders who are so anxious to abandon their right to ;ake up land at 3s. 9d. per acre, and to jet their money back into their pockets, may' see reason in a few years1 time to repent sheir rash determination. The announcement brought by tho last - mail from England that Her Majesty, had been advised to assent to bur Colonial mea sure for legalizing a marriage with a deceased wife's sister was received with general satis faction, save by the small minority who profess to regard it. as a violation of both qatural and ecclesiastical law.,, Oar Act not only legalizes all future marriages of the nature referred to, but also all that have taken place in the past, so that the hardship of the prohibition is finally swept away — assuredly never to be brought back again. We trust that in another year or two the same law ; ?? nay prevail through 'all the British domi* aions, and that 'itf'marria^ge-iaw as in land law reform the' example, of 'Sduth Australia^1 '?? may beiollowed.by far larger and older coin,'*. ? nunities. ', r \\. , ' ^ * ? ,''- ,.'.'' : Among out signs of local progress the/ « increasing sales of land and' the' improving1''' prospects of our railways, of botHbf-whicK '? -' letails are elsewhere -given, will ' be noted. ' with interest. The formation of a'SilkCdlture Association, and the increasing- development -f flax culture, which is now being actively laken up in the- Gumeraoha District, also indicate that efforts are being made to extend ' the producing powers of the colony in new ' ~ iirections. The season, so far as it has advanced, has been .very favourable for our 1 staple agricultural product — wheat — and it is earnestly to be^ hoped that copious winter rains will confirm -the promise of another good harvest/ The1 one lately gathered in will scarcely suffice by itself to restore the elasticity of our local trade, and remove the severe depression under which the colony has so long laboured. The^Pulteney-street School.— In a re- ' *1 ent leader we condemned the action of the ? nspectors of Schools for suffering the name ?-'. f the Lord Bishop of Adelaide to be posted p as ex offitio visitor of the Pulteney-street chool while it was receiving the Govern* lent Grant. In justice to Mr. E. Dew irst, the Second Inspector, we feel bound d state what we were not aware of before, hat he is in no way responsible for any of he violations of the spirit of the Act for finch that school has become remarkable, lasmuch as the inspection of the city chools is in the: hands of the Chief Inspector lone. __*,— mmt m^mmm „ CoiJfCiDENCES. ?— From Currency Creek ft .V I jtter to the Strathalbyn paper tolls that last 7 f; reek two of the oldest residents of Currency .^ !reek removed— Mr. T. W. Higgins, J.P., who r bes to England, and Mr. Johu Powell Boone, ? y death. The latter died at the residence of lr. Sunman. with whom he had resided for up ?ards of 24 'years. Messrs. Higgins and Boone -ere shipmates, both went to Currency Creek . m be same month, and left the same week, after Bidding in the colony for 34 years, ine 'onlJiernAmis says » Colonel Higgins has pro eeded to Melbourne with the m$*»to°n ' £ ; oing to England via tho States, and returning y tho Suez route.' If An. ' Passengers. — The ' only' passenger looked at present by the outgoing mail steamer is. Mr. Biggins to Brindisi. Victowan Ministry.— Our telegram shows that Mr. Puffy has nearly succeeded in forming a team, although the names given are no guarantee of its permanency. We recognise amongst them several of the red-hot Protec tionists, and it is tolerably clear that they intend relying upon the support of the twenty-per-cent. duty-men. Whether they will be sufficiently aumerous to be a safe standing in times of trial, ?which, with tho; Ministry, are likely to begin forthwith, is exceedingly doubtful. The Rifle Challenge Cop.— The Melbourne Age mentions that^ the Sydney riflemen are ??oing to try conclusions with the rifle-shooters cf Great Britain. An attempt is being made to get up a fund for the . purpose of paying the expenses of tho trip. Five Sydney men, of whom Mr. Slade, the -intercolonial champion, will he one, will leave Sydney soon by the Cali fornia mail, en route for the old country. The expense is estimated at, £140 per man for the voyage to England and back, and the whole sum will probably be raised among the volunteers of New South Wales. . Trans-Coxtinextal Telegraph.— We learn that the Government are considering the best course to pursue in/reference to the. future settlement of the Northern Territory, but have arrived at no definite decision on- the subject yet. They propose dispatching a vesselto Port Darwin in the course of three weeks/ and intend forwarding . to the Agent-General copies of the ' interesting and important information which has just been received from the various expeditions in the interior of the colony. The Hon. B. T. Finniss, Agent for# the British- Australian Tele graph Company, will go to Port Darwin by the vessel referred to above. ? ? : Wood v. Roberts.— This case,' 'which was tried on Friday, June 16, afforded' the second instance during the Civil Sittings of the Jury being discharged without J a verdict being given. The action was one by the Curator of Intestate Estates, brought to obtain possession of certain securities for money and other documents worth about £1,500, which for merly belonged to Mrs. Bryan, a widow who died intestate at Robe, in October, 1870, and which the defendant claimed as a donatio mortis causa. The deceased appears to have no known relatives either in the colony or elsewhere, and the defendant (Mrs. Peter Roberts), who lived near her, was proved to have been her most intimate friend. At the time Mrs. Bryan was seized with her last illness Mrs. Roberts was confined, and therefore unable to see her, but sent her nurse, who informed her that Mrs. Bryan was very anxious to see her. It being impossible for her to go, she told the nurse to tell Mrs. Bryan that she might trust her with any message or private letters or papers, and upon this the dying woman directed the nurse where to find the desk, and told her to ' take it to Mrs. Roberts.' That was done; arid on being informed of it, she replied, ' That's right,' and died a few hours afterwards. Ti -.« were the principal facts of the case. The Jury, after an absence of an hour and a half, stated that there was no possibility of their agreeing, and were discharged without a verdict. ? NORTH GUMERACHA BRIDGE.— If there was anything that the residents of Gumeracha for a long time persistently set their minds upon securing it was a bridge over the Torrens on the road to Forreston. After many attempts a sufficient sum was at last placed on the Esti- mates, and by the exertions of the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Mr. Ward, the members for the district, the vote was carried. Some time has elapsed since, but the foundation stone of the structure has now been laid, that ceremony having taken place on Thursday afternoon at 2 p.m. in the presence of over 100 spectators, about half of the number being ladies. Mrs. Ebenezer Ward had been asked to officiate, and to her was handed a neat silver trowel, with an ornamental handle, the blade bearing the in- cription :— ''Presented to Mrs. E. Ward on laying the foundation-stone of the North Gumeracha Bridge, by Schroder & Wishart, Contractors, 15th June, 1871.'' Luncheon at the District Hotel, with speeches, followed the open-air demonstration. In another issue we shall give a fuller notice of the proceedings. . Point Macleay Farming.— It is noted by a writer in the Southern ? Press that ' seeding is being vigorously carried out in this neighbour hood, and some early-sown- crops are looking remarkably well. Several farmers have nearly finished seeding, but others will be several weeks yet. There will be a considerable amount more under crop on the peninsula this year than there was last, as many are breaking up new ground. There are also settlers who for the first time are going to try their- luck at farming on their own account, notable amongst them three aboriginals connected with the Reid Town Mission Station, who have each received a section from the Government.' The same cor respondeat remarks:— ' We often hear of people migrating to Victoria, but all is not from this to that colony. Very recently a family of eight persons arrived at this place, who had come overland from very near Melbourne.' Aerostation. —Mr. Gale has just arrived from Sydney with his balloon, in which he^wili make his ascent next week from the Exhibition Building Grounds. We ? are informed that the balloon when fully iriflatepV is 80 feet in height and 112 feet in circumference, having a capacity of 25,000 cubic feet, and lifting a power of half a ton. , . . . Old Scholars.— A preliminary meeting^ was held in Pulteney-street Schoolroom on Friday evening, June 16, when it was : unanimously decided that an Association should be formed, to be called 'Mr, Moore's Old Scholars' Asso ciation.' A Secretary and Committeemen were elected pro tern., who were to draw up rules, &c;, and report to a general meeting at an early date. A list was read containing nearly 300 names of former pupils, many of whom have already signified their willingness to become members. Thus far the movement promises to be a decided success* Vehicle Accident.— Oh Friday Mr. Schqlter; of Waymouth-street, Adelaide, hawker,- 'was thrown but of his cart at Port Adelaide, and very much hurt, i ??? ': :-?-. Charges of Horsestealing.— It is reported by the Kapiinda Herald that on Monday morn ing Mr. Varley, S.M., was occupied some hours in a preliminary investigation of a charge by Mr. Thomas Scott against Alexander and James Gosden, Albert Legg, and George Jenkins, of having stolen scrub horses. In the first in stance, a charge was brought against the pri soners by Trooper Jones under clause 65, Police Act, for having horses in their possession which might reasonably be supposed, to have been stolen; but His Worship said that clause did not apply, and the trooper said that had been his impression, but hefwas acting under orders. The direct charge was then preferred. Mr. Scott and the trooper visited Gosden's paddock on May 19, and mustered 25 horses, of which the greater part had been newly branded with the respective brands of the prisoners; two, in particular, Mr. Scott believed to be his property, but he was unable positively to swear to either of them, one not having been seen by him since it was a foal, and tie other not since last Christmas. The prisoners were defended by Mr. Bundey. Several witnesses were called to identify the animals, but, though all expressed their firm belief that they were the property of Mr. Scott, and had been seen running with his horses, yet, as they were then unbranded, they ?were not able to swear to them. At the close His Worship said that even had these horses been proved to be the property of Mr. Scott, the mere fact of their being in the prisoners' possession after so long an interval as that which had elapsed since Mr. Scott had them would be no proof that the horses were stolen. There fjhre ft would be useless to send the case on for tKU./'The prisoners were accordingly dis missfeu. Episcopal.— Bishop Shiel and Bishop Quinn (Bathurst, N.S.W.) visited St Aloysius College, Sevenhill, on Friday, June 9, remaining till Saturday, when they returned to the city. The Clare Argus states that during their stay a '.performance of Cardinal Wiseman's ' Alexius, or the Hidden Gem,' by some of the collegians' gratified the prelates. Fobgery.— Some one who stayed at Mrs. fempler's cosy hostelry on the North-road banded the landlady a cheque for £3 14s., bearing the well-known name of Mr. T. O. Tones, but the signature turned out to be a forgery. : r bench keliep CONCERT.— On Friday evening, .: June 16, a very successful concert was given in White's Booms by the members of the Adelaide Liedertafel, assisted by lady and gentleman amateurs, who had kindly offered their services. Mr. Puttman acted as conductor and Mr. R. B. White as leader. The proceeds are to be forwarded to the London Committee for the French War Relief Fund, and to be devoted solely to the relief of the French peasantry «f the provinces devastated by the war. The arrangement of the programme exhibited marked taste and judgment. It comprised selections from English, German, French, and Italian operas and songs, and the whole of the perfor mances were carried out in an efficient manner. The audience was large, and if the encores can be taken as an evidence of their satisfaction the whole affair was as great a success instrumentally and vocally aswe expecttohear it has been financially. The Liedertafel were encored in their rendering of ' Heuscbrecken Lied' (The Grasshoppers' Song), and afterwards gavo'Frosch Cantala' (Frogs' .Chorus), a melody highly suggestive of the popular ' Hen Convention'^ in its quaint and ludicrous imitation of frog vocalism. Mr. DeNormanville followed with 'Doughty Deeds/Vand Messrs. White and EUard were recalled in a duet on the piano, ' Norma.' 'Partant pour la Syrie' (composed by the mother of Louis Napoleon) gained an encore for Mr. Lyons, and Mr. Shipster received a like compliment in a song. Mr. R. B. White's per formances upon the violin elicited an enthu siastic encore, when he substituted ' The Last Rose of Summer.' Herr Fischer and Mr. Ellard were much applauded in a duet, 'II Marinari.' Owing to the unavoidable absence of Mr. Finnis the violin solo was struck out of the programme. A humorous Irish song by Mr. 'Ellard was redemanded, when he gave ' Ce n'est pas vrai' instead. The 'Marseillaise' was well sung by Mr. Brooks, but is better suited to a number of voices. At the con clusion of the entertainment Monsieur Marval stated that the members of the Ladies' Com mittee of the French Relief Fund, of which Mrs. J. M. Solomon was Patroness, Madame TocchiLady President, and Miss M. O. Harford Secretary, intended to hold a bazaar on the 1st, 2nd, and 4th of September next, in order to' raise funds to aid the suffering farmers of France by sending them seed-wheat. The Committee consisted at present of 40 ladies, who were, working zealously for the furtherance of their object. Donations from those who could not find it convenient to take a more active part would be thankfully received,- and could be left with any of the above ladies, or with Mrs. Wylde, of Rundle-street. Marine Boabd.— On Thursday the Board met, but in consequence of the Press not receiving the usual intimation we are unable to present a report of the proceedings to-day. Dr. Popham.— There is no improvement re ported in the health of Dr. Home Popham, of Gawler, and Drs. Nott and Lewis are stated to be in daily attendance upon him. Ye Chronicles op ye Kustyms.— From the author, a Portonian, we have received a copy of the above headed production. ' It is a two-page tract, dealing freely with those who have to do with the receipt of custom. ; Vaccination.— The Court Jounial says :— ' We give it as a fact that a lady; who, with her lord and master, had' advanced consider ably in social position from former times, ex pressly stipulated with Her doctor that she was to be vaccinated from the lymph taken from a titled person. She mentioned a neighbour, a Countess, to. whose lymph she said she would give the preference.' ' ' Novel Tram.— Upon the Victorian Govern* ment Mr. W. Buttler, of Sandhurst, has been impressing the value of branch-feeding lines constructed in accordance with the annexed description, supplied by him to the' Mount Alexander Mail: — 'The tramway is formed of sawn hard wood, resting on a limited number of sleepers. Rollers, three inches by six inches in diameter, are laid exactly in the centre from end to end of the line at distances of nine feet apart. There are no wheels on the carriages nor engine, &c;, as the train travels on the rollers. Oa both, sides ? of each carriage and locomotive there are perpendicular rollers, which guide the train by side rails on the tramway. At the centre of the tram attached to each carriage, &c;, there are flat steel rails resting on the rollers when- in motion. Of course there are no cranks nor axles. The power is applied by the piston-rods of two cylinders, each joined to a claw, which alternately catch bars lain nearly across the centre of the line. Thus the train may be drawn up any incline gradient. Cuttings are avoided, and perfect safety ensured. The cost would- be about £800 per mile— more durable than other lines— in fact, plant and all cost comparatively less from prime costs and repairs than any description of rail way what ever, and can be quickly formed from colonial products. The weight of the plant is . greatly decreased. I have also suggested that lines may be made so that the second line is elevated above the lower one (so as to avoid collisions) resting on posts seven or eight feet over the other below it, thus saving width of road and providing against floods. The progress of the train can be stopped instantaneously.' Taking-iN Relatives.— The Argus publishes a few scraps from the biography of a 'ragged, battered, and dissipated looking man' named. James Stanley, who recently was brought before the City Bench on a charge of vagrancy. He is connected with a very good family' at home, where he became a solicitor. After passing through a varied experience in a life of dissipa tion he was sent by his friends to Australia, and took as his companion a woman of bad character, whom hehad made his wife. For a time his friends remitted sums regularly for his maintenance, but becoming tired of his incorrigible indolence they left him to his own resources. He parted from his. wife, and was soon reduced to a position of great indigence. He continued to . sink lower and lower, until he was almost destitute, when he bethought himself of a notable expedient for raising money. He caused a letter, probably dictated by himself, to be ? written to his relatives at home, purporting to come from alodginghouse-keeperin King-street, who described how the wretched black sheep of the family had died penitent, and seeking for giveness for the disgrace he had brought upon his name. The writer, in describing the death-bed scene, 'piled up the agony' with discrimination, and narrated how the dying man had besought as a last request that his relatives should be asked to erect over bis lonely grave at the antipodes a white marble monument to mark the spot where his troubled life had terminated. The 'family,' en receiving the letter, felt their sorrow miti gated by joy that the disgrace of the family was no more, and with alacrity sent out £100', which the writer represented would be about the cost of a monument such as the deceased had desired. It is needless to say that the ' black sheep' got the money himself, and had a 'glorious spree' as long as it lasted. He made no secret of the dodge, but, on the contrary, boasted loudly of it in saloons and bar-rooms to his boon companions. Preserving Butter.— A scientific resident of Gawler has handed to the local Times some infor mation as to a process by which it is stated that ' butter may be with more certainty preserved fresh and good than by any other method of potting. It must be taken while fresh and sweet, and put in a jar, which is then placed in a saucepan or vessel of hot water, but kept below the boiling-point, so that the melting may proceed gradually. When the butter is perfectly liquified it should be taken out of the saucepan, the thin scum taken off the top, and the fluid butter poured into the' vessel in which it is in tended to be kept There will be a quantity of casein and refuse at the bottom, which must not be allowed to mix with what is to be kept, but which may, in part at least, be used, while fresh, as butter. This refuse amounts in some cases to nearly 25 per cent, of the whole, but this would of course depend on the purity of the butcer in the first instance. No salt or any other antiseptic is necessary to preserve the butter thus prepared. It simply requires to be run into the vessels in which it has to be kept and fastened down from the air. It has a rather rough taste, like butter that has ' run to oil' and afterwards cooled, but is perfectly homo geneous, and of a good uniform colour through out We believe if this were carried out on a large scale it would be found far superior, to any plan of salting or potting hitherto tried. There is an entire absence »f 'tallowy' flavour, and only the pure oleaginous butter is pre served.' POBTBmoUGHTOH.^The Clare Argus write; that 'on Monday morning what is'bro raised to be a port was opened near Medon Creek, about 30 miles above Wallaroo, by the arrival there of the Triumph, Dale, master. About 120 people were present, many of them ladies, five gentlemen from Clare were present, and one or two from Wallaroo. The only M.P. who went was he of Gumeracha, and he started in time to meet the people on the road back. Drays were waiting to take away the vessel's cargo, which met the boats and a raft which con veyed the loading from the vessel's side. In the event of the port being patronised, a gentleman from Wallaroo hae offered to establish an agency at Medora, and give to within three pence per bushel of Adelaide prices for wheat. This offer may prove advantageous to settlers in the neighbourhood of the proposed port. The Times of Gawler also has the subjoined notice:—' The interesting ceremony of opening the shipping-place nearest to the Broughton Area took pla& 'on'Sfonday. The schooner Triumph, Captain. Arnold, had arrived at the port a few' days previously, and discharged most of 'her cargo. Captain Dale had a few loads taken ashore and shipped two loads o wheat which he had purchased by way of making a formal commencement of the shipping trade of the place. About 150 persons were present, chiefly settlers in the district, and a few visitors from a distance, and who were interested in the area. Mr. Samuel Marshall, Manager of the Wallaroo Railway Company, was present, having driven from Wallaroo in his buggy, occupying only three hours on the journey. Mr. Jamea Martin, from Gawler, and Mr. JR. Patterson, from Smithfield, were also there. After the in troductory arrangements were complete, Captain Dale named the shipping-place Port Broughton ; rockets were fired, and success to the port and shipping trade was drunk in bumpers. The schooner Triumph rode at anchor in nine feet of water within about 10 fathoms of the shore. The port is said to be safe, and with a very small expenditure for the construction of a jetty ample accommodation might be provided for the wants of the place for years to come. It is only about 18 miles from the township on the area, and a fair road exists for the carriage of produce. We understand the country is looking splendid ; rather more rain has fallen there than in this neighbourhood. Some thousands of acres are already sown with wheat, and some of the young corn is covering the ground with a beautiful green. Mr. Waddell, formerly of Mount Barker, we hear, has 500 acres sown. Mr. Johnson, another old settler in the neigh bourhood, is also forward with his sowing, and some of the new-comers have each from 50 to 100 acres in.' Far North.— From Mount Margaret on June 1, a letter to the . Nortiierm Argus reports: — ' Several teams .have returned from delivering their loading on the telegraph line. They report the blacks as beginning to be troublesome. They stole a tarpaulin from Mr. Knuckey's camp, and rounded up their bullocks one morning, and threatened to spear a horse. r. That..! believe, is the extent, of their depredations— not very serious so far, if they will only stop at ?that. Four teams arrived here a week ago with poles from Moodlapeena. ...They are nice and straight pines, well suited for, the. purpose intended, but the distance they have to be carted is astonishing. Some teams have gone out to the Anna Creek to see what they can do in pole- carting. Mr. Babbage ^reported having seen between two and, , three' thousand o'uc that way. when,' he visjted the ;1creek; so that, I suppose [they will have ;no difficulty in obtaining poles. But from what I can learn of the character of. the timber in , tho Anna Creek', it is mostly pipey or hollow, and is, of 'course, useless for telegraph-poles. June 6.— Another mail has arrived from the tele graph party. It has confirmed the report I previously heard about the blacks beginning to show hostility. In a letter I was shown it. is stated that the blacks are sticking up their flying camps, and now no man is allowed to leave the camp singly. The two first sections are getting on with their work famously. Section A has 70 miles of poles erected. They had to contend against some very heavy work at the northern end of their, section, clearing through the mulga scrub. It was very thick, I believe, and they had 50 miles of it to do. ; Section B has also planted about 70 miles of poles, and Section C has about 20 miles erected. The weather is giving us a taste of winter; the nighta and mornings are very cold. Marine Insurance. — In the Melbourne Supreme, Court on Monday, June 12, Mr. A. G. Fisher sued the Adelaide Fire and Marine In surance Company for £200 on a policy of insurance on the brig Sarah from Graf ton to Melbourne. The defence was that Mr. Fisher had misrepresented to the Company a material fact; he had stated, when insuring her for the voyage, that the vessel was then at sea, whereas she had not crossed the bar at the Clarence River, on which Grafton is situated. Mr. Fisher, however, swore that he had not made any representation about it; and the Jury found that he had not represented nor war ranted her to be at sea, but that, in fact, the vessel was at sea; and a verdict was given for the plaintiff, subject, however, to the opinion of 'the Full Court. ?'?.? i '??''. Colliding.— As Mr. M; White, builder, of Light-square, was on Friday evening driving his wife into the city, when nearly opposite the Elephant and Castle, his vehicle ran into another trap, the shock resulting in an upset. Mrs. White was thrown violently to the ground, both shafts were broken, the horse ran off with them, and was eventually stopped at the John Bull Yards. It is not known who was in charge of the other conveyance, which was on the wrong side of the road, hence the mishap. The injury to Mrs. White does hot appear to have been serious. Amateur Ghost.— A stupid girl of 17, wl.o is known, wrapped herself in a white sheet, and frightened a little child who was passing the cemetery at the north, end of Murray-street, Gawler, after dark lately. The youngster was chased, and screamed with terror. Few punish ments would be too severe for the perpetrators of this class of practical jokes. ? Early CLOSiNG.-r-The shop ancVstorekeepers of Gawler have agreed to close at 9 p.mi on Saturdays. : | From yesterday's Evening Journal. C. E. Tidemann.— At 11 o'clock on Thursday night, June 15, Mr. Tidemann was arrested on a charge, laid by Mr. R. Fotheringham, Gawler, of appropriatingtrustmoneysbelongingto Margaret and Emily Grotegut. Before the case was called in the Police Court on Friday morning, at the request of Mr. Bruce, the informant's counsel, it was adjourned till Monday, as the principal witnesses were engaged in the Supreme Court Bail was allowed in two sureties of £100 each and the prisoner in £200. Adelaide Football Club.— A return match for colours will be played on the North Park Lands this (Saturday) afternoon. The following are the flayers: — South — Messrs. Ayers Anthony, Burgan, Beddome, Baines, Conigrave Cab*, Dalton, J. A. Fergusson, Fitch, Milne, Masters, Oldham, Perkins, Sharpe, Spicer, Smith, Trimmer, Turner, Witherick, Willshire. North— Messrs. Brock, Carruther3, Fenn, Fenn, Higgins, Horn, James, Jackson, Lake, Monteith, Nesbit, Reade, Sparks, Sparks, Sanders, Windsor, Watson, Watson, Wyly, Wyly. Schroder's Band will be in attendance. Sliding Rock Mine.— The balance-sheet of the Sliding Rock Mining and Smelting Company to the 31st May has been submitted to the shareholders. The expenses of the mine for the half-year ended that date amounts to £4,184 2s., and the gross proceeds from the sale of smelted copper have reached the sum of £1,537 17s. The total assets are set down at £3,247 11s. Id., and the liabilities at £1,198 13s. 3d. Operatic Company— The agent of Mons. Simonsen has arrived and engaged White's Room, in which the company will give the first of a series of operatic performances on Monday evening, June 26. Magisterial. — Captain Dashwood, S.M., has been unable through illness to fulfil Magis terial duties lately, and at the latest atting of the Stratfoalbyn Court Mr. H. E. Downer, S.M., who officiated, is stated by the Southern Argus, to have made some strong observations on the injustice of bringing plaintiffs and defendants from Wellington and beyond to Strathalbyn for their cases to be heard. That paper remarks— 'This has long been felt as a great hardship, and although the matter has often been brought under the notice of the Govern ment, repress seems as far off as ever.' 