GEKEBAL NKWB. The. barometer on Monday morning was at 29 *3, which is a lower reading than there has been for a considerable time. The circum stance is thought to betoken the approach of a heavy storm., . . According . to', the; Sydney Mortiing Herald, in the town of Orange, New South Wales," the ministers of the Episcopalian, the Presbyterian; and the "Wesleyan Churches "ex change pulpits."" " The rainfall, between- 9 a.m. on Satur-. day, and the same hour on Monday, July 17,: is-- -registered as - follows: — Mount' Barker, 0'050 ; "Willunga, 0'075 ; Normanville,- 0*095 ; Port Elliot, 0*042 ; Goolwa, 0*050; MeGrath's Flat, 0*070; Robe Towb, 0*130; -Mount Gam bier, 0*2.30 ; :Penola, 0*j20. j ! A. crowd assembled, in.King'William strebt on Monday morning—Mr. Patterson, the Assistant-Engiheer, 'having announced that he! would at that" time, attend at the new "Post Office to.;select 'men. for the ' telegraph con stru'ction i party; which is about to be sent to Port Darwiil. So eager were the applicants to. have an interview with Mr. Patterson that1 the' presence of one ' or two' policemen was considered necessary to keep order Mr. Patterson " held . a large levee, and from .. the appearance pf. many . of the appli cants it.seemed that he would have'no difficulty .in enrolling a party of men well-suited for the iWjork required. . It is understood .that Mr. Patterson will; act under Mr. Todd, to whom the whole management of the, telegraphr.has been given.; •' ' ' '! ' , .. : .. The -. a,nnual' examination pf Mr,; Gozens's school, at Teatree Gully, took place on; Tuesday last. There was a huge attendance of . parents and friends. After the examination about 250 persons partook of a sumptuous tea, .'provided by Mrs., Cozens and the mothers of the pupils. As soon as the tables werp removed, .a literary and musical entertainment commenced,, whiph was; concluded at 10-o'clock by singing the National Anthem. Votes of thanks to Mr. and Miss,; Cozens for their painstaking-and 'zealous interest in the young wefe accorded with vociferous applause. The following is an extract from Mr. .Cozen's report':--^" During the year we. -hhve" enrolled; -115. day pupils and 29 .pight scholars,' making * a' total of 144. ' About 80 scholars are now present for examination in the yariohs elementary!branches of education, viz., reading, writing,/arithmetic," grammar, geo. graphv,. history, &c.; These public examina tions of oup' publiq .schools deeply concern the publig, for what the future public of. these im portant and grandly, advancing polonies will be depends very much,* jf not mainly, np'on:our educators. To advance Australia we must advance' the young Australians. The thought that I am educating the future in the present inspires my. efforts with diligence and care } andl- can only say that I have striven to the utmost-of my ability to impart to the children a sound -and'practical knowledge of all that is necessary to fit them for the business and duties .of life."—Communicated. ; A -warning to those "who have a fond ness for pork comes from New South Wales. She.Sydney^ Morning Herald says We are scarcely quit of the Amphitoma, when our attention is called to another worm. A gentle man at Richmond, in killing a pig, discovered -that thVkidney was alive with worms, and hav liig'noticed the aptitude of Mr. ¥nu Morris for such" investigations," he forwarded the substance to him for microscopical examination. These worms .are about l£ inches long, bisexual, the ifiale" being somewhat smaller 'than the female; the intestinal canal, of a ponderous length, be ing-full of eggs iu an' early stage of develop ment According to the indications presented, this worm belongs to the order Hematoidea, and the Strongylida. It is found both free and encystate in the fat. surrounding the kidney. The free eggs in. the encystate,. as might be sup posed, are further developed in those found in the body of the worm. .From what has been observed it is not unreasonable to infer that this7 worm may turn: out to be the mature • Trichina Spiralis, bo long unsuccessfully sought - for by Zenker, Leuchart, and.Kuohenmeister, it being, in the state they; found.it, unsexual, without eggs of course, and possessed of no means ®f making .its way through the muscle fibre in which it was found." . \- A Wellington (Nbw-Zealand) paper of the 29th May tells.the following ghost story •A few evenings-agb . a young lady who occupies -! the same sleeping apartment, but not the same bed, with a younger sister, had. retired to rest shortly before midnight. . The younger siBter had-been asleep for some time." The elder • sister's bed stood in front of a window, at some little distance from it ; a chair stood .between the bed and the window. , The-young lady teas lying on her side, with her face to the window, ■ on " the point' of dropping off to sleep, and, as :she. avers, without the remotest thought .of ghost "or goblin '.'crossing her" mind," when suddenly ' she . became. aware of something dike a, dim ' shadow. being cast across her eyes; she. started, and turned quickly round to find herself confronted by a tall gentleman, dressed in black coat and trousers, wearing a .white waistcoat with black spots, and gloves. on his hands, half leaning over her. His figure and features were clearly limned .against, the window, and the instantly recognised the. face of a gentleman- formerly a resident of Wellington, deceased some' twelve months or: so. Her look was only momentary, but it was clear ;'and filled with terror, she screamed repeatedly to her sister,- who after some little timei' awoke. The ghost disap peared at the first So'and of her voice, and she was too much agitated to observe which'way it went. The youDger sister asked what waa the matter; the elder sister replied by de siring her to come into, the other bed, and she would, tell the cause' of her trouble in the" morning. Having laid down beside her the younger sister continued to press the elder with questions as to what she had seen or heard, at last asking her. whether she had not seen a man in the room. To this the elder replied that she had, when the younger re joined, "Then.I know who it was; it was Mr. ——mentioning the name of the very man whom her sister had seen... Much surprised, the elder asked, "-Did you see-him too, then?" "No," said the younger;. "but while I waa asleep the.impression was borne vividly on my mind that he was in. the room." On being subsequently questioned how. she came to think that the party she named was in the room, sho said she could not tell, ahd had not thought of him before.since. his death; but she seemed to know intuitively that ho, was present, without feeling the alarm. 'that waa exhibited by her ¥.s|e?» .. ' ; . The thirteenth anniversay of the com mencement of the South Australian Advertiser and Weekly Chronicle newspapers was comme morated on-Saturday evening, 15 :h July, when the employes on the establishment to-the num ber of between 60 and 70 held a pleasant reunion in the Town Hall Refreshment Room. Sermons were preached in the Wesleyan Church,. Pirie-street,- on Sunday, July 16th, in , aid .of the Home Mission and . Contingent Fund. .The ministers officiating were the Revs. W. L. Binks and Thos. James, each of whom delivered an able discourse. The congrega tions' were large, and the collections realised a fair amount.-. : We need hardly remind our. readers of the farewell concert wh'ch is to be given by the Simonsens to-night at. Whites's Room. It will be positively their last appearance here. There will be selections from "Faust", and. "La Tiaviata," and also Offenbach's operetta "Rose of Auvergne," in: addition to several other very choice selections . of vocal and instrumental music. - ... On Saturday afternoon a football match, was played between the members, of the Ade laide Club. There were 20 players, and the teams—pink v. blue—were under the respective captaincy of Messrs. H. F. Jackson and J. Masters. A couple of hours' excellent play re sulted in Higgins, Masters, and Cole securing eaoh a goal for the blues, whilst T. Burgau obtained one for the pinks. The weather was . exceedingly fine, and there was a large atten- . dance of spectators. ' . On Saturday evening, "Leah" was played at the Theatre Royal to a good house, and was greatly enjoyed, Mrs. Gladstane having to respond •• to -several calls. The drama, of "Ireland as "it Was" followed, and parsed off pleasantly, the house- generally applauding the. efforts of the artistes... The pressure upon our space, ^consequent upon.the departure, of , the mail,; prevents any more detailed notice of ' the performance^ , To-night, "Frou Frou" will be-played, under the-patronage of His. Excel lency the Hon. Mr. Du Cane, Governor of Tasmania, We understand it was finally arranged on Saturday tha't about 300 bullocks and 150 horses were to be dispatched without delay • from Queensland' to .Fort Darwin. : A suffi cient force will then be available to convey all that is necessary for the completion of the line direct from. Port Darwin without the. necessity of a" second "jouirney. " Some surprise is ex pressed that the. Roper is not to bo used in the. transmission of ■ materials, as by this, arrangement .200 miles of land, transport are • added to/the 'distanoe over which the mate rials' are to be carried. , The following paragraph from the Australasian, referring to a lady who is well known in Adelaide—the wife of a gentleman who is better known still—will be read with interest*:—"Mr.,and Mrs. T. P. Hill gave their " readings, as announoed, - on the. nights of Mon days Tuesday, - and Wednesday, at the Town Hall: ii'.^fcKe" upper -"room." " Mrs." Hill made an ■ undoubted success in her delivery of the humoi ous selections, .For, after /the first trepidation natural to a debflt had been overcome, she gave herself completely up to the'influence arising' 'out of the scene .described./ Her personation of the respective characters of Sairey Gamp, and B -tay Prig was graphic and life-like,: without being in the least exaggerated. ' Mrs. Hill has great. facial mobility and much power in. the direction ef vocal inflexion, and a very, little {practice iu public,' so as to disciplineh'erpoweis to :the requirements of varying ac.-ustic conditions, will - enable her to claim-the position of being/a popular favorite'. . Besides the selections from Dickens, she took part in: some scenes.from 'As You Like It'. and the ' HoneyuiooD,' and proved herself to "possess very much of that quality which help3 to success in elegant 'comedy. r Altogether, Mrs. Hill promises, to be .a valuable acquisition to the limited list of those who contribute to the intellectual enjoy ment of the public." 