G I'iOHI N ESE GHOSTS. . '// i \- (from the dallabat star.) A volume, of interesting Japanese tniry t&IeS.liQS; /iiitely bSen. pubjish'ed,- arid now. the 1 Bollarat Star follows with what may perhaps be the first. series -of b similar collection of Chinese legends. Ah Coon, who some years \- since actedasChinese interpreter at Ballnrat, lately waited upon Police- sergeant Lamer to osk his advice under, the following circum stances Ah Coon, who lives nt theChinese. camp, stated that one night he was asleep in his hut at Golden Point, when be was aroused , by5,n; tapping at the door. He got out of bed, ana looking out, saw vanishing in the. dnrkness/ a / misty, row of figures, with; Chinese countenances, and clothed in. long; /flowing white/rohes. ! Ali Coop woridered,1 hut "seeing nothing more returnedi-.to. hiBl .slumbers. ... In a few moments the knocking; '/cqriimenced again, and this time .when Ahj . iCopn went to- the door, he says the figures; were more distinct; and he "saw that the pro-; icospion' was headed by the shade/of rin old; phinnman,,with a long white berirfl. Again the®processibn of ghosts vaoished, again . Ah ; ! Coon returned ' troubled .'to '.bed/ arid aain-; the", knocking. was; resumed. This tiine Ah' . > /Coori' pondrired before he' opened the door, i iHe. was.sure liis .visitors .were from; an.bthe.ri world,!aod lie mentally .reviowed his p'ast . life to/try 'and;reiiiomber it he'' hiid' ever made1 any promises to the dead arid leftthem/uiiful- ffi!led,'//Re7lsudderily;..recolleo . </ : ;? =;the cemetery authorities, hnd on account of i J 7"; tlio danger, objected to 'th'e burning of paper dveFHlje'Obiriese graves in the -cemetery,' ho had' promised to have a smriirfire-place and chjibne£erected; jhere, ..;for ;;th'e purpose of ' carrying out the Chinese; .custom of burning ' a certain kind of paper nt different timesover i the. graves, of the departed. This promise he hud not carried . out, nnd he .was sure that this. accounted: for. the visit ol the ghosts. Having' arrived at this conclusion, 'Ah. Cpon werit to the door, "rind fqurid tho ghos'ts drawn up in a semicir.cle' before him,.:- He addressed the/venerable "leader -in Chinese, promising to have, the .chimney erected, and apologis ing for bringing them out in such weather. Immediately the ghosts yarii'shed. ; Ah' Coop has-'buUt'ithe /'chimney and' fire jplaoe, arid has. since slept, undwturbed. The fiaiue/Chiiia- nian also informed:;the..:sergennt .,of-another ghostly 'adventure some years before.'1 /'-This tirrie' Ah Coon was /awakened /by sbme.thihg pulling hisshoulder, and tvhenlieopened his eyes lie saw a large cat with -awbite breast standing beside him. He knew from; the'cat?s::behavio'ur, that J it r was riot of this earth; but it did not ' appear... to undqrstand, Chiripso -when he.' addressed it in that- lan guage, and the animal also appeared qiiite 'ne ignorant1 of Eriglish; " Ah Coon . then're- ma inhered thiit in China it ,'was genera|ly understood that ghosts could; no.t;hold pens/ or'pancils./. -As-this cat could not or would not speak; Ah 'Coon -"-wanted' it to /write' its', requests or, complaints,' 'hut/ there! was .a diffi- culty ' ribbut/ holding the . .pen.,/, Chinese, ingenuity, however;-1 soon, overcame all diffi culties. Ah Coon got nn iron ten-tray, arid having!smoiifed i.t qver with pjlj'bp'ri'nkled it with" fih¥; ashes, -/The' , white-breasted cat understood at once.' .With one of its paws it wrote in Chinese characters on; the teri- tfiiy.iiat.1 1 "was > the /spirit of a.Chinamao ; whose body was' at tlirit thoment lying buried in a.' drive at Long "Gully, near Creswick. It asked Ah' Godn/fo'hrive the liody removed from the claim and decently buried, and bbgged that'if such a thing 'as ari inquest 1 was held the body might not be mutilated. The cat.ihen meited;/away in to thin air. arid Ah 'Coo'ri slept. "'The next morning he states that he rode to Long Gully, found the body- as- described; ahd' had it.-buried after an in quest, at which there' was no post mortem examination, had/been held! Ah' Coon wanted the sergeant to advise. iiim> nsi cto what; he. should do in, the event of. another, visit of the same kind,' biit Lar ner informed hiin that the. thing was.' out of; his line.'."; /, /,/" , ./ ! A Golden .'Potato !-A few .days ago. a:uiue gin, living witu ner inouiBrjacwiog- y-berth, Portmadoc, ".was'- .'peeling potatoes for dinner.- ; Her. mother, seeing be'r<rnth'er' slovy about theropess, took the; matter, into her o wn hands; and slicing a pota to discovered two spvereigns in it! . It. appeared the family had got the potatoes from a vessel thenfin the port, and a BhbrtUme.previously the., /captain had lost ten'- sovereigns. Suspicion-had fallen on ; one of. the hands,' whb/f 'was !observed to .spend.-, money , very, freely" biit nothing;,, was / found- either on . his' person'or. atnongst his effects. : 'Itis believed' that;in;order to make'himselfsAfp;tlie sailor: had sebreted the' money in - the potatoes'. / :' ,A, sign on the eating-house on New Jersey Railroad says : — "Coffee and eggs fresh laid by Mary Jones." ' 7 The Good Time.— A Scotchman who had liii'ed himeslf to a farmer had a cheese set down heioro him that he might' help himself. The master had occasion to remark some- time after-; wards, . " Sandy, you take a long time to break fast." /"In truth, master,"' answered lie; "a cheese o' this size is nae sae soon eaten as ye may think." , ' /.' ,/ ; An Indian paper recently- made light of th'e notion 'respecting - the cloven foot and horns of, the devil, and was jocularly reproved ; for -its' heresy, by another Indian paper." > The 'first journal thereupon cheerfully surrendered the point, gracefully bowing to the superior. know ledge arid' greater intimacy' of its contemporary. 