THE MERCURY. I TlIUIiSDA Y MORNING, JUNE 30, 1871. I Lv yesterday dealing with the Hobart Town I charitable institutions, we ventured the opinion that the expense might be reduced from £10,087, the sum voted by Parliament for the present year, to £8,000, and this, without in the least diminishing the aid afforded the really necessitous. The former sum, we have good reason to believe will, from the excessive demand for out-door relief at the Hospital, prove insufficient. The cost of that institution will very considerably exceed the Estimates. The total cost of the Hospital, Brickfields Depot, and Cascades Pauper' Establishment, will at any rate exceed £11,000 and the opinion of persons well qualified to form an estimate, supports our view, that a judicious incorporation of these establishments, and the supervision of a committee of contributors, would reduce the cost to nt most the sum we have stated, £8,000. Such an expenditure in Victoria would require voluntary subscriptions to the extent of £3,000, to give a title to a Government subsidy of £5,000. A sum of £2,000 annually should be raised without much difficulty in Hobart Town, and within the radius benefited by the hospital, infirmary, and asylum, which, the three institutions constitute among them ; but as a beginning, a lower proportion of the total cost than is required in Victoria might be held as sufficient here. Suppose the public were required to raise £1,000 to secure the management, they would pay a very good bonus for the paltry rights of nomination enjoyed by Government. The State would not only save at the £1,000 raised by voluntary contributions, but £3,000 that might be saved by a more careful supervision. On these three institutions a deduction of £4,000 might be made from the TREASURER'S Estimates, and this without in the least abridgingthetisefulnesss of the institutions. It is not for us to propose a scheme for a fusion of the three institutions. Our province ends with showing that such a step is necessary and practicable. There is, as we have on several occasions pointed out, something absurd in having two separate establishments, the Brick- fields and the Cascades, so kindred in character that when the medical gentlemen of the hospital have taken to the weeding out process in the removal of chronic cases, it has been a mere matter of haphazard whether the removed hos- pital patients were transferred to the Brickfields or the Cascades. The Royal Commission appointed to enquire into the working of the charitable institutions in Victoria that reported to the GOVERNOR of that Colony a few months ago, disapproved of hospitals and' benevolent asylums being kept up as separate establishments in the same town, and recommended an incorporation wherever practical. The cost of distinct management constitutes a heavy item in the expense here as there ; and, therefore, we, the poorer Colony, may safely follow the example of the richer Colony ; nor must we be frightened by the bugbear of the cost of additional buildings to make one institution afford sufficient accommodation. A future annual saving may well warrant a slight present expenditure. The situation of none of the present institutions is eligible. That of the Cascades is positively injurious to the health of the inmates. We know not on what authority Government have come to believe that there is no chance of the barracks being again required for troops. Were that point settled, the amalgamation of the institutions would be much facilitated. The public will never consent to the area being subdivided into building allotments, but they would approve of the present buildings and grounds being made available for the combined purposes of an hospital, infirmary, and benevolent asylum. The situation is one of the healthiest in, or about town, and any absence of architectural beauty would be compensated by the purpose served. The barrack buildings, if allowed to remain unoccupied will speedily go to decay. Rather than allow them to remain empty it would be better to use them for the purpose indicated, even should they, at first, be only temporarily fitted up. And should the permanent dedication of them to hospital and asylum purposes be deemed advisable, the sites now used, with the buildings on them, could be sold without the risk of remonstrance. The proceeds would more than cover the expense of converting the barracks into an admirable hospital and asylum, The arrangement of details need not, however, hinder the application of a principle, for such we hold the management of public charities by local men who show their interest in them by a pecuniary contribution. The Hospital Board of 1801 did not fear any failure of such a scheme from apathy or want of sympathy on the part of the public. Nor should the citizens of Hobart Town and the people of the South be considered more ungenerous now than then. The heavier burden of the charitable institutions must rest with Government, but the public will do their duty if the management of the charities is made more popular. The very necessity for raising a specific sum would incite an emulation and the necessity of a subscription to be either a member of the committee of management, or to vote for members, would not be without the effect of adding to the number of those actuated by higher motives. An infusion of those who give because it is in the cause of charity, and of those who give for any privilege or patronage thereby obtained, is necessary in the management of public charities. The purely philanthropic might place no bounds to the aid given by the institution, while those who give prudently, it may be even grudgingly, would be likely to be valuable members of committee. While the one class would see that no deserving person was turned away from the door of the institution, the other would watchfully guard it against imposition, and, by a strict Riirvoillappe, would prevent waste on the part of the officers and servants, and would be the most likely means of putting a stop to that abuse of outdoor relief which prevails in Victoria as here. Hospitals and dispensaries are applied to for gratuitous advice and assistance by persons who ought to be contributors instead of preying on its resources. Committees of local gentlemen personally "'interested in the economical working of the institution, would prove fine best means of checking the evil. There have been difficulties in the way in Victoria, but principally in the larger towns. In centres of population, such as Hobart Town, where everybody knows everybody, the presence of local men on committees has very nearly put a stop to the impositions of those who are more actuated by a sense of shame than a principle of honesty. Medical officers, paid and honorary, may be imposed on, or may naturally feel a delicacy in exposing frauds or communicating suspicious, lest it should be said they were seeking to increase their private practice and the officers of the institution, if they attend properly to their work inside, will have little time to go outside and make themselves acquainted with the condition of other people. The discreditable practice which prevails of persons able to pay for medical advice, medicines, and practical comforts, and who nevertheless avail thetpsolyps of what is intended for the destitute, ought to be dealt with firmly and effectually. A positive fraud is perpetrated. To make it punishable would not put it down. Those who detect it would shrink from subjecting the offender to fine or imprisonment. There is only one way of dealing with persons who meanly rob the poor of the aid intended for them and we fear, only one means to that end. The way is by keeping a list of all applicants for hospital relief and the means, the placing of that list before a committee of local gentlemen, and allowing them to decide on each application. This would very much diminish the cost of outdoor hospital aid and should it fail, the publication, in the annual report of the institution, of the names and addresses of recipients of relief, would effectually check the evil. Where shame failed to do its work, a flood of light would be let in that would prevent a repetition of the abuse of public charity. IN the days when GEORGE the THIRD was King, one of the standard after-dinner toasts, which every loyal Briton felt bound to honour in ft bumper of port or Madeira, was that of " Ships, Colonies, and Commerce. " The sentiment-for it partook of that character does not now figure in the toast-master list and its dropping out of fashion may be taken as a small but accurate indication of the changed feeling which has come over the ruling politicians of England of late years as regards Colonies. Then the idea ' of the Englishman of the day was that colonies were an element of strength. They gave employment to British ships and seamen ; they fostered commerce and their number added to the difficulties nations at war with Britain encountered in their efforts to weaken the supremacy of the Union flag at sea. Fresh from a continental war, the patriotic Englishman, in his hour of after-dinner case, could not forget how much the navy had been aided by the Colonies, and in how many ways. In his gratitudes-and in this case gratitude may have been a lively sense of favours to come-he toasted Colonies as well as ships and the commerce which created the strength of the nation in seamen, and added to the power of its wealth. But with the growth of that peace party whose anticipa- tions of the future have been so egregiously falsified by the events of the last twenty years, there arose doubts as to the soundness of the old policy and traditions of the nation. The extravagant idea extravagant in its simplicity that the reduction or restriction of England's military power on shore and on sea would be the best guarantee for her non- entanglement in war, had its believers even in high places. Even now that the events of 1871 have impressed upon the people, as well as the Government and Parliament of Britain, that the old renown of England, her high place among the nations, and the prestige of her successes, can only be maintained by a complete change in her army system as well as in the character of her fleet, this feeling of timidity as to Colonies still lingers in the Colonial Office. The crude idea that in the event of war they would prove so many sources of weakness and inconvenience, still has a place there. It was signally exhibited when the troops were withdrawn from the Australasian Colonies not very long ago. To it was due the resolution of the English Government to decline the Protectorate of the Fiji Islands and to it, and to no other appreciable reason, is the rotH-ited refusal to take under Imperial care the British settlers there, as well as the native sovereigns desirous of placing themselves undertheenglish flag, of which intelligence has lately been received. LORD KIMBERLEY is haunted by the ghost which the Peace-at-any Price party conjured up from the mustiness of Downing-street. It is clear that if the toast ever comes into currency again-as old fashions revive from time to time will be in the renovated fashion of "Ships and Commerce , but no Colonies." This continued determination to leave Fiji and the white Fijians to their fate, however, is by no means creditable to the British Government. They are not asked to take the islands under their protectorate for any strategical reasons, with a view to possible wars in the future. Their possession would not overawe any other power, as the protectorate of the Ionian Islands did. Yet some undefined fear of a responsibility which might occasion embarrassment hereafter must have moved the present Secretary of State for the Colonies, as it moved his predecessors, TJip fear is as groundless, tim contingency so remote, however, that whatever in fluenceitmayhave possessed legitimately twenty, or even ten years ago, it should have had none now. America has shown no desire to erect her flag there. The occupation of Tahiti by the French, and their selection of New Caledonia for another of their never successful schemes of colonization, may have impressed the Colonial Office with the idea that France covered the Fiji's, and that the two nations might renew their ancient quarrel over so very small aboneasViti Lpvu j but the indulgence of such an apprehension was not at all creditable to the courage of opinion as well as in action usually attributed to John Bull, and if it ever existed it should have been removed by the fact that France has made no effort to increase her possessions in the South Seas, and is not now likely to do so for sportS of years to come. Prussia might naturally desire to possess a settlement in waters likely to be so much frequented in after years, by the shipping of all nations. Russia might also covet a fertile group of islands which would give her a port, a dockyard, and an advantageous place of rendezvous for a South Sea fleet, in the event of European troubles, But neither Prussia nor Russia have made any movement indicative of such a wish. In the meanwhile reasons have multiplied why the late decision of LORD KIMBERLEY should be brought under the notice of the Imperial Cabinet, and its reversal prayed for. Our relations with Fiji are very different from what they were in the days of Consul PRITCHARD are much closer and more important than they were even two or three years ago. The incubus of the American debt has been got rid of, and hence no complication on that score can arise. But the energy which a handful of colonists exhibited in taking upon themselves that burden, and electing to settle upon the lands conveyed to them by the Chief of Bau in return for the money advanced to and the engagements entered into with him, requires some acknowledgment on the part of H mt MAJESTY'S Government. These men are British subjects'; they have created settlements that are daily growing into importance; their trade with the colonists both of Australia and New Zealand is increasing ; they have taxed themselves to light and improve their chief port and the outward and inward mail steamers between Sydney and San Francisco now call there. As matters stand, however, the islands promise to become a favourite resort of absconders. Nearer than Callao, and much more accessible than Guam, gentlemen who deport themselves for their Colony's good can readily reach Levuka for Suva, and there are no means of bringing them back excepting force, which few will care to employ, and still fewer will ask themselves in using, it is jpt,o]orablo that such a sanctuary for rogues should exist within ten days of Hobart Town or Melbourne. But the clever fellows who thus leave their creditors and anxious Monds to unavailing hopes for their return, have an opportunity of being specially mischievous. They may engage in trade, and may succeed in getting into tolerable credit with merchants in rather portS than that in which they were best known. They may thus progress to considerable credit and when their stores have been well supplied, or their stocks were sold, they may snap their fingers at those who have trusted them, refuse to pay, and carry on the little game without let or hindrance Bolong as they can find people to trust them. This is a thing, moreover, that may not be confined to Colonial creditors. Plausible representations, and well-designed shipments to London, might result in extensive credit both in England and abroad ; until the evil repute of Fijian traders became a reproach to the British name. That the settlers in Fiji are alive to this contingency we are well aware. The better class of them have already made creditable efforts, failing a British or Australian protectorate, to establish a settled form of Government among themselves, so as to secure at once the peace of the settlements, and give confidence to Colonial and other merchants having business transactions with the islands. But it is dangerous to give encouragement to self-cont tuted and irresponsible Governments of this kind, which are little better than Committees of Safety -a more improvement on Judge LYNCH and his jury. Governing Committees of this kind cannot legally take cognizance of any actions, however opposed to the public welfare, of any of the settlers on the islands, and under the most favourable circumstances can do little more than preserve the peace of their own immediate localities A while the decisions of any Courts pttnblUhed by them could have no force flgftiiuit those who refused to recognise them. To prevent consequences which would be most disastrous and to save Fiji from a worse reputation than Fijians had in days scarcely gone by for their partiality to roast or cold missionaries, Britain must give her sons who have or may settle there the protection of her flag and shield. IMPORTANT news from France has come to hand by way of Java and Melbourne. Our latest date from London via Galle, by the last mail, was to the 15th of May. A telegram of that day stated briefly that Paris was still in the hands of the insurgents. The Dutch war steamer Curacoa, however, arrived in Hobson's Bay yesterday from Batavia, bringing a telegram received there via Singapore before her departure, and dated London, 28th May. It states that the insurrection in Paris had then been suppressed, and the insurgents no longer showed themselves in bodies. It also says that the Archbishop of Paris had been shot ; but as we had previously heard that he had been liberated, at the instance of Count Bismarck, this may be found a mistake. All else as to the grave events of thirteen days (15th to 28th May is left unreported ; but this scrap of news will greatly stimulate public curiosity as to the intelligence that will be brought by the mail, of which tidings may be heard, via Adelaide, on Saturday or Sunday next. A FRESH railway loan of £1,000,000 was sanctioned by the Parliament of New South Wales shortly before the session terminated. The Herald complains that nothing was said by Ministers or Members as to how the interest was to be provided for. As the loan will not be negotiated before the end of the year, it appears to have been thought unnecessary to discuss that portion of the subject, on the principle of letting the future take care of itself. The Government were content to argue that all such improvements as the construction of railways enhanced the value of the public domain to such an extent that the question of interest was not worth discussing, seeing that the burden would be thrown upon the land fund, which would benefit by the expenditure. An easy mode of financing this, hut somewhat risky ! IT is calculated in Victoria that the new Ministry will have a deficiency of 3300,000 to provide for. The Age apprehends that the new Treasurer will look to the Customs to provide £200,000 of that sum, and that he will propose an amended tariff, on the principle of protection, sacrificing some of the less remunerative duties, and increasing the amount of some of the heavier impositions. A stamp tax, an absentee tax, and a tax on bank-notes are spoken of with more or less authority ; but the latter is the most likely to be favoured by Mr. Berry, and it will produce some £00,000. There will still be a deficiency of £70,000 and speculation seems at a loss to discover any new form of taxation which will yield that amount. THE new Minister of Railways in Victoria has called for tenders for the construction of ten goods locomotives and tenders, the wheels and axles only to be supplied by the Government from their importations. This looks as if Mr. Longmore meant Protection to Native Industry. CoronATioN DAY. Yesterday being the anniversary of Her Majesty's coronation, which took' place at Westminster Abbey on the 28th June, 1838, a Royal salute was fired at the Queen's Battery, in the Domain, at noon, under the command of Lieutenant O'Boyle. The salute of 21 guns was fired in the usual ton seconds time by 16 ex volunteers in mufti, Sergeant-instructor Eccleston and Sergeant Armourer James Chisholm, who were present, being the only persons who appeared in uniform. Four guns were used. VICE-REGAL. MOVEMENTS.-nig Excellency the Governor, and the Hon. Mrs. Du Cane, accompanied by Mr. Chichester, the Private Secretary, and suite, embarked yesterday in the T. S. N. Co's steamer Southern Cross for Melbourne, en route for Adelaide The Vice-Regal Party drove from Government House to the steamboat pier in a carriage drawn by two greys and followed by two orderlies. Qq alighting they were received by the hon. J. M. Wilson, Premier, the Hon. Thos. D. Chapman, Colonial Treasurer, the Hon. W. R. Giblin, Attorney-General, the Hon. Dr. Butler, Minister of Lands, and the Hon. Mr. Dunn-the Cabinet Ministers who, as well as his Lordship the Bishop of Tasmania, His Honor the Chief Justice, Sir Francis Smith, line., the Hon. A. Kennerley, Mayor of Hobart Town and a large concourse of the elite of the metropolis had assembled to bid the Vice-Regal party farewell and wish them in bon voyage. His Excellency and Mrs. DuCane while in Melbourne will be the guests of Viscount and Lady Canterbury at Toorak, where they will make only a brief stay as they propose leaving Melbourne on Tuesday morning for Adelaide on a visit to His Excellency the Right Hon. Sir James Fergusson and Lady Fergusson. It is anticipated that they will also meet with His Excellency the Marquis of Normanby, the recently appointed Governor of Queensland who with the Marchioness of Normanby and suite are shortly expected to arrive at Melbourne by Money Wigram and Sons' clipper ship Lincolnshire, and who have also been invited to visit Sir James and Lady Fergusson. CUSTOMS SEIZURE. On the arrival in port of the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company's steamer Southern Cross, on the 9th inst, the trip before last, Mr. Watt, the Collector of Customs, received an anonymous letter from Melbourne, signed !' Customs in which the writer stated that a person named Whitely, well-known in Hobart Town, had on board the Southern Cross a consignment of goods which he had purchased in England and brought out with him, and was taking to Hobart Town. It was further added " that something wrong was intended to be done as regards the duty upon them, and that upon examination it would he found that an attempt was being made to defraud the revenue. The hint was considered of sufficient importance to cause an inspection of the goods, which was made a day or two ago on an application being made to remove them from the Bonding Warehouse It was then ascertained that four of the cases, which had been entered as containing hardware, contained instead papier-mache goods, haberdashery, and trinkets, that they measured CO cubic feet, and were liable for a measurement duty of 4s. per cubic foot instead of a duty of is per cwt. on 9 cwts., which would have been charged had they been allowed to pass as hardware. The difference in duty amounted to nearly £10. The whole circumstances of the case were submitted for the consideration of the Executive, who, after giving the matter the closest consideration, have, acting on the 18th clause of the Customs Act, thought fit to order that the full duties to which the goods were liable should be paid, and the goods restored to Mr. Whitely on his paying a fine of £10 in addition to the legal duties. DEEP SEA FISHING. Upwards of 120 fishermen belonging to Hobart Town and the districts bordering on the Derwent are, we learn, now constantly employed in deep-sea fishing, and they find the fish so abundant that not only can they supply the local do mand,hiitiil30oxportconsidorabloqiiantitiestothnVlo torian markets, where they meet with a ready sale not only at Melbourne but also at several of the inland towns, to which the fish immediately on its being landed is forwarded by- rail. A fortnight ago we noticed a large shipment of trumpeters, barracouta, crayfish, and consecrated by the Southern Cross to Melbourne. Yesterday the same vessel took another large consignment of upwards of 200 dozen bars- could, 250 score crayfish, 19 dozen trumpeters, 3 dozen conger eels, as well as a quantity of mussels and oysters. The fact in itself is a proof that notwithstanding the high freight charged by the Steamboat Company the fish exporters, Messrs. Ikin, Holroyd, and Arthur, find the trade a profitable one. This is a view entertained by several of our citizens who have given the matter some consideration, and we learn that it is in contemplation to establish a Deep Sea Fishing Company. Should the promoters see their way clear to raising sufficient capital, the intention is that one half of the sum required shall be raised in Hobart Town, and the other half in Melbourne, where it would be necessary to open an agency for the sale of the fish. SALE OF CROWN LANDS A sale of Crown lands, town and agricultural allotments, was held yesterday at noon at the Alliance Rooms by Mr. Dossetor, auctioneer. As has been the case for some years past there was only a small attendance, parties desirous of securing land preferring purchasing it privately, and only a small number of lots, three in Hobart Town and two at St. Helen's, were sold. None of the agricultural allotments met with a purchaser, The Hobart Town allotments disposed of were lots 7, 8, and 9, in section 9 2 of the Lime Kiln reserve. Lot 7, consisting of 39-4 perches, and lot 8, of 39 perches were purchased by air- James Page at £10 each, or an advance of £1 on the upset price. Lot 9, comprising 39-4 perches, was knocked down to John Brown at the upset price of £15. At the town of St. Helen's two lots in section Y were sold ; lot 2, comprising 135. 2r. 30p., was purchased by Mr. Robert A. Hall, at £51, an advance of £20 on the upset price. Lot 3, containing 160a. 2r. 16p., was knocked down to Mr. Henry Wass for £31, an advance of £0 on the upset price. The total net value of the sale was £129, but, with the exception of the first two Hobart Town lots, all the allotments were purchased on the credit system. ADDRESS TO DR. DENHAM. Through an error in the copy of the address from the Port Arthur invalids to Dr. Dinham forwarded to this office the date of the address advertised yesterday was stated to be 1804 instead of 1871. THE ROTER. Mr. H. B. Tonkin, JP., is the second magistrate for attendance at the Police Court this morning; THEATRE RO VALE-The Lonely Man of the Ocean was presented for the first time at the Theatre Royal last evening, when Miss Sutherland and Mr. Leonard took a joint benefit. The play was creditably produced, and passed off very successfully. Mr. Leonard pet somit ed the Lonely Man of the Ocean, "Lieutenant Bashford," and his effective performance won the frequent approbation of the audience. Miss Sutherland played the vivacious " Becky Bowles," in which character she displayed her low comedy abilities to advantage. Mr. Taylor, as " Cyrus Bloom," contributed to the amusement of the audience by his humorous representation of the country bumpkin who went to sea in accordance with the wish of his inamorata, Miss Betsy. Mr. Herberte sustained the character of " Wyndham Bowyer," a reprobate, whose villany was the cause of the incident on which the play was based. Mr. Clifford gave a bluff delineation of "Jolly Jack," and Mr. Ford, Mrs. Clifford, and Mrs. Ford successfully sustained their respective characters. The performance concluded with Byron's burlesque, Fra Diavolo. -The same programme will be repeated this evening, and to-morrow the season will be brought to a close, Mr. Herberte taking a benefit. MR. COTTERELL'S LARTNIOIIT.-The last performance of this clever visitor was given on Tuesday evening at New Norfolk. There was a very good attendance of the public, the rain not having set in until after the performance had begun. The " business " of the evening went off with great eclat and it may he accepted by Mr. Cotterell as a compliment that it pleased the insane as well as the sane who attended in the theatre of the asylum to hear and see an entertainment quite novel there. No pianist put in an appearance, however, the gentleman who intended to officiate having, when the curtain rose, found himself a victim of nervousness. Mr. Cotterell and his agent, Mr. Smythe, were passengers by the Southern Cross for Melbourne yesterday. THE MELBOURNE CANARY, AND PIGEON SHOW. Messrs. Aldred and Northcote, who are passengers by the T.S.N. Co.'s steamer Southern Cross, which left yesterday for Melbourne, took with them a dozen cages of fine looking Belgium canaries, which they intend entering for competition at the approaching canary and pigeon show to be held at Melbourne on the 13th, 14th, and 15th proximo. The Messrs. Aldred and Northcote have long enjoyed the reputa- tion of being connoisseurs in birds,- and hence their exhibits will probably command a good position on the prize list. Mons RACERS FOR AUSTRALIA. Mr. John Moffat, of Chatsworth, the well-known Victorian squatter, has purchased a well known racer, The Marquis, for stud purposes. He was the winner of the Champagne Stakes, the Prendergast, the Two Thousand Guineas, the St. Leger, &c.; He is by Stockwell, out of Cinizella, and is a bright bay, standing nearly sixteen hands high. He was to be shipped for Melbourne in the course of the present or next month. WINTER AT LAST The night of Tuesday was decidedly wintry. A cold westerly wind blew in gusts, while the sky was black with watery clouds, obscuring moon and stars. Heavy showers fell at intervals during the night, and in the morning Mount Wellington was seen with brow and shoulders well sprinkled with snow, which remained throughout the day. Towards. qftprnpoq the wind passed mare into the north, and the air became less disagreeable light showers falling at times. From New Norfolk, Hamilton, Brighton, and other parts, we learn that a fine rain fell during the night, rejoicing the heart of the farmer. Much more moisture, however, is required before the plough can be set in motion with any advantage. QuEErçnoHOuqij SCHOOL Sunday school is about to be commenced by the Presbyterians connected with St. John's Church, at the school-house, Queenborough, on Sunday afternoon next. The Rev. James Scott, intends to conduct a weekly evening service in the same place on Friday evenings, the first service being announced for to-morrow evening. The residents of the district have generally appreciated such services, of which many have been held by different denominations from time to time, and hopes are expressed that the efforts to be made by the Rev. Mr. Scott and his congregation will prove successful. The school-house was erected some years since by Mr. Duncan Macpherson, senr., and other inhabitants of the district, and it has been more or less used since for Sunday and week day educational purposes. A day school is at present conducted there, and the number ofspholarsjaon the increase, PRESENTATION TO THE ReV. E. F. WALSH, LAUNCESTON. On Tuesday evening an address and testimonial were presented to the Rev. E. F. Walsh, prior to his departure for Deloraine It took place at the usual weekly meeting and entertainment of the Young Men's Catholic Association, in St. Joseph's School, Margaret street. Alderman John Murphy presided, and read a very affectionate address, extensively signed, which was afterwards, presented to Father Walsh, accompanied by a purse containing a hundred and twenty-two sovereigns. A kind and appropriate reply was made by the reverend gentleman. MASONIC. The festival of St. John is to be celebrated by the Tasmanian Operative Lodge of Free Masons. No 315, on the Registry of Ireland, at the Lodge room, Murray-street, this evening. A large attendance is, we understand, expected of brethren of the " Mystic Tie," who will doubtless enjoy themselves in true Masonic style. MECHANICS' INSTITUTES reading will be given this evening by the Rev. Brooke Bailey, Enoch Arden, to be interspersed with music, ENTERTAINMENT This evening at St. Peter's Hall, there is to be an entertainment comprising vocalists, recitations, etc, GREEN PONDS PUBLIC LIIIHAUY.-An assembly-hall is to take place at the Lecture Hall, on Tuesday evening in aid of the funds of the Library. MELTON MOWBRAY STEEPLECHASE steeplechase with 2 events is announced to come off at Melton Mowbray on the 9th November next. REVISION COURT-The special sessions for revising the Buckingham electoral roll will be held at the Maypole Inn, New Town, this morning at 11 o'clock, Mr. A. B. Jones Returning Officer. LETTERS PATENT.s The A^tprn»y:G,oneral has appointed July 20th to hear an. application by James Blackwood, of Melbourne', merchant, for Letters Patent for an improved apparatus for producing compound soft metal pipes. AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY-A director, in lieu of Professor John Smith, M.D., resigned is to be elected at a special meeting of members, to be held at Sydney on the 19th proximo. Charles Nathan, Esq., F.R.C.S., is the only candidate. \- INSUFFICIENTLY STAMPEST-letter posted yesterday insufficiently stamped: Miss Carr, Registry Office, Dunedin, New Zealand. NEW NORFOLK'S lecture was delivered at the Public library and Reading Room on last Friday evening, by the Rev. T. R. Bird. The subject chosen was from the poetical works of Tennyson, and " King Arthur's round table with 100 knights," and other parts were handled by the lecturer in his usually clear and instructive manner. The musical portion of the programme was performed by the Misses Dear in bountiful style and time, especially the Songs The Brook and " Too Late." The whole was indeed an intellectual and musical trout, and the assembly did not call, at suitable intervals, to mark its appreciation of the talent and abilities displayed for evening's edification. MAN DROWNED AT CLARKE'S FORD About ten o'clock on Sunday morning Mr. Tucker, sen., heard a man groaning in the river at Clarke's Ford. He could see a man in the river holding by a willow, suffering from cramp, and unable to cross. Mr. Tucker went for assistance, and constables Sterry and Cole endeavoured to reach him on a dray. When they arrived the man had sunk: down under the water, but after searching Constable Cole saw him and seized the pallor of his coat, which being old gave way, and the body was carried away by the current. Constable Cole jumped in after it, but could not discover it, and although diligent search has been made since the body was not found up to yesterday. The name of the man is not known, but he had been soliciting alms about St. Leonards for a few days previous. Cornwall Chronicle, June 28th. LAUNCESTON HOSPITAL. The new arrangements for the management of the Launceston Hospital are now complete, - and will come into force on 1st July proximo. Dr. Miller then assumes the position of Chief Medical Officer at a salary of £150 per annum for visiting supervision, and Dr. Charles Martin, late of A mm, Victoria, takes the post of house surgeon and apothecary at a salary of £250 per annum and quarters. Dr. Martin has has received the appointment by reason of the i ministering of his testimonials Ibid. ! CHINESE HOLIDAYS The 22nd day of the present month, as we learn from a Victorian contemporary well-informed in these matters, was the fifth of the fifth month by Chinese calculation of time, and is a great day amongst the Chinese. Three hundred years before Christ a Minister of the empire named Tung was falsely accused, and threw himself into the son. In commemoration of thoocourroncehoatandjiinU racing on a great scale is observed, and a peculiar kind of rice preparation is eaton, which bears the name of Tung. The rice is enclosed in the loaves of a tree and tied tightly. In the centre of it is a small bit of wood, which afterwards gives a color to the rice. It is then boiled for many hours in lye, which imparts a flavour to the whole something like soda water. This is similar to the Christian custom of pudding-making at Christmas ; this particular preparation being supposed to have a savour about it similar to that of a stable MARAVILLA COCOA. No breakfast table is complete without this delicious beverage -The Globe says, "Various importers and manufacturers have attempted to attain a reputation for their prepared Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough BUCCCBS had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers discovered the extraordinary qualities of < Maravilla' Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of prepara- tion to this finest of the species of the Theobroma, they have produced an article which supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For homoeopaths and invalids we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." Sold in pockets only, by all Grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor Brothers' Original Homoeopathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate. Steam Mills Brick Lane, London, Export Chicory Mills, , Bruges, Belgium, 2720 I 