sErnnes ACODNoNT To AlI DITcIAMe.-A .painful aooidont' oourred yesterday afternoon ~' M to ML I. IL. Ditohabe, of tho firim of Ditoham, Button & Co, Aceompanied'by Mr. W, S., Button, he' wase' driving in dog-cart down Elizabetlh-street, nod when opposite 1Mr ;8pong's;, chemist, in' at ntempting to pass between a car'nod a wood barrow, the horse, :a .young' one, shied at the barrow, enoaing?the iw,:bwheool o. f th vehicle to come into collision with that :of thbo ar. ,) The isudden 'jerk throw Mr. Ditoham •-w'vith great force into the road. 1I-o was taken into' Mr. Spong's, whore Dr. Miller *!,6 who'wa immediately. in attendance, found ho i., ,'d sdstained a fracture of the leg just above ,? the ankle,: and directed his instant removal to his residence, when the log was placed in splints and otherwise.'attended to y Dr.D Mdilblr. , Thelo horse after got :Idti;g 'tl'oehiel clear of the car galloped off )at a terrific paeo down EElizabtlh-streeot into Bathurst-streot, along that street to the Wel. *ingtgn road, , and notwithstanding the trionuiis efforts of Mr. Button '(Who had in tfiho'meantine secireil the ,rein) to pull him t i, ie had got ts far as th Dulkeo of Wolling ton Hotel before his onward career was 'e'atiopp'd' bj'tivo moe ruslhing in'fronit of him. With the exception 'of the step of the dog. cart being bent a little, neither Mr. 'utton, -the-horse; nor the vehicle austained any in. jury whatever; 'It was very fortunate the ,,aiuimtil I(ook the 'codrse it did, for had it :'-":taken along 'Wellington street, what with the increased traffio and the many deep gutters 'd t~aising that street, much more serious results ' nighthavo followed. ...... MunDAnxc.--A4 the tide was ebbing on .'Saturday, a lad fell from the top of the-boat Sbestepse atthe hdarf into the mdl, "and would '::fdoubtlees::have been 'smothered 'had he not :-'srecolied'timoly aid.: lHe was almost entirely submerged, his arm being the only -part .,of him visible.: r He did not, however, seeni to relish the mud, for no sooner was he extri cated than he commenced scooping it, out of his month with his fingers, A few hours afterwards, some children woer playing on the stage which leads to the watermoen's boats at low water, when one young urchin tumbled in, but the water,not being very deep he suc ceeded in getting out without much difficulty and none_tbo'woreo for his dip. Ne, NOrTlonn HonTrOULTUnAL ýSOOIETY.-A -meeting of the committee of' the above So ciety .was heold; at the .Brisbane oHotel last evening, 1W. T. Bell, Esq,, in, the' chair, when arrangements were made for the autumn ojbc'6w which will' be.held ni Tuesday 4th Apil. 'ii additioti to the prizes already an nounced, one (inadvertently omitted froms the schedule) will be offered for the best collectiohn .?f ix varieties of grapes. It is expected that :hereo will he a very largo show of fruit on sie occasion. ' T:: `S.' N. Co.'s' Ors'P CEs.- Yestrday Anr 'G'eorgo' Fisheo, goent for the T S. N. Co., renmioved' froid his offices fronting the wharf to more commodious premises in lower George 'street, ''forniorly ocoipied by the 'Customs -Department, 'and more recently by Air Neowy. They 'are immediately above AMr Ilarrap's larg store,' and opposite the Port SOllce. CoNFar zneTaO AT GEonos TowN.-Our correspondent at George Town writes :-Tche Lord,,BishteopopfTasmania ndhninistered the rite of confirmation to 22 candidates on Sun. day, the 19th inst, at the same time deliver ing a most lucid and impiessive address to the candidates for coftirmantion, adapting his dis course to the mental capacity of the youngest 'fhis h heirdrs, and with that solemnity which, I have no doubt, will form an epoch in the life of- ims?iny'of them. Afterwards Ihe preached a short but most'appropriopate sermon from I at chapter of'Acts, verso 8 " But ye shall receive ,ower after the Holy Ghost is come upon you botlip Jerusalem and in all Judea." His Lordship preached again in theo evening from L2th chapter 2ndt Corinthians, 9th verse, r !And he saidaunto mo-Mly grace is suflicient ,,fr theo." On both occasions the church wis ?lledwil'?l attentive hearers, His Lordship's discourse was 'well calculated to make a hast Sing impression.''; ': 'TIR New Go o Atron or. QUEN?SLAND. iThe Ma'equ's of Normanby, the. Now Gover nor. of Queensland in the room of the late lij~r Black'llibiecei?led-to tih title in 1863, on the death o'f his father, the well-known diplomatist, who was for some time, acd at a most critieal:-period, Ambassador at the -iFrnch, part. .As Earl AMulgrave, the proe int peer 1filled the 'positioai of Lieutenant Governor 'of Nova'Sootin, and also for sbmeo' time held the higl office of Lord Chamberlain. Lord Phipps, now serving on board tihe Qalateas asub-liittenant, is a. son of the '?l arlqois'f Normanby. 'n Fa r. n 'r onsAr TowNe,-On Sunday after ;tnoon th'e.Dske of Clarence hotel, at the corner of Liverpool-and Murray-streelt, was the scene of a confagration. A pseser-bhy iehad notied a volume 9lpt smoke. issuing from an attle in the haotel, and ,promptly acqualinted the landlord .of the fact 'itfr Miteo"imiliediately proceeded to the room, which was occupied by tha'chlidreii and bar maid as a eleeping.'apartmem, when he found pnc of.the beds in a blaze. Recourse was had to 'tea tainlkt'ith"! yard, 'when sufficient 'water was o obtaoldedio stay what might otherwise haive been ,sian:extenslve fire.: The. cause of the fire is not i,,known, as no one had been ln the room for aon ,)pouru p.for,to its discovery -I T. Morciury. EXTRaonrDINeA OUTRAGE. - The Neow r{orfodlk correspondent of the If. T. Mlercury, re I the folloying case hord by th0e New Nor. ' Beech on F riday.-Thle Stormelg,. of: tih "Vite' ili'.-Everiden .'. Jainas HIay Edward TiHajt'Arthur' Hay; Richard.Young, and William -o'Syter. . The information was now withdrawn a pagaoit allll tthe detendants except Edward Hay, .mho had pleaded gailty: when tbhe case was;:ad. .0nourned.h On the defendaent, being called, up fotr n0cdgmcnt, Mr Superlntendent Evenden informed t'h6'Bi'n6i'that oa Sunday, at nidnight, he w's ljl'ed 'p ', a youcg woman named Mary Ano oTisle,eofthe bop-pilckers in the employment •er ~E aoobridge, E'q.,' and who had arrived at ythohebollicieltion at that late hboer,' andeom. pplainad to him that's nember of yosng men had ,ettacked ,the !White ,Usal," where. she' and many other young women hadl goue: to ^res. In.the epacious apartmoent provided for lothem' h?'"'jt eli employor. She sand eall thO" 'dothr" inmatee ~' wero asleop whec, a thundering eloie wa, hoard at the a'doer,:adraihlngs at the 'wcindows, aisd ultimately the douilclle wae entered ty the bandh , who were ,very r5oto!us, and ereated a gr?eat tllrarbaoce. On dthe isnort desr oragng, orced the ocupse de eidndEd'l htmselese 'by ,rpid didselirges oa the "rFitdr.jugaa, ithe .battle rngio fierdely for some "t]i ii'"ad u'nutil the enemy c retreated without the fwall:tofrthe tortres,: and the oeter dbors were Sagaiti olosed-agnltist the invaders. Presenotly a .Ibridk cnme throogh the window, struck a woman nsamed ,'srllttl on the Iheed, knocled ter suense. less, and ti:ochottedi eto anotlcor corner of the ..riCiim wteeio '.it 'fell upon two.children.asloop. ,They awoke screaming, and at this time Miss P'eoole made her exit by the back door, and, with , she agility of. aa sacrobat, she sprang on to a .palirey, which stood by, fastened by its bridle to .a ,posst,and galloped into the townsheip for the said of the polle as before mentioned. • Hy7 was tfnhed"' 2 and dolta. "" ' ' ' Exeriston CoatPrN?,-Advioes from, Mr Newman, Consulting Engliioor to 'the Excelsiaor Company, have been received Int town, stating that thle laten loeok very 'promising, and thiattho next oleaning up will probably'givo an ounce to the toi. OYoran Corrunn,--Wo learn that Captain Malcolm; Smith, of, Goorge Town, who for yenra past has taklen a deep interest inlthe subject of oyster culture, and who some time ago obtained a loase ofa portion of the bed of r thle Tamar, linas just laid down his first cargo I of oysters opposite Mr. Cohen's' residoec,. They are the flat mad byeter' 'obtained from I Flindor'e Island, and ias soon as Captain , Smith has got his boat repaiired hoe will send cf for a second instalmentt. ' " CITY or HoAUn TnrAL COus aNo.-We learn from. Mr Sharp, one of the shareholdera I in the City of Hobart claim,. Black' Boy, that a smeoall trial crushing of unploked tlone was made last week, the cldaning up taking place I on Saturday, when the. fine yield of loi? I l7dwts, to the ton was obtained. Four sbnar hbolders were on.lho spot.to see that the atone was really not picked, and we are assured that sunob was not the case. The quantity.crushrd t was 3 tons,' ISome 200 tona of stone havo beeon grassed, and we belieovo that about 2,000 tonse'ard alroedy'exposod to view. I CqONGREGATIONAL UNION.-Wo remind our roaders of theo' various meetings' which com maeacoto-day, in connection with tills body. Particulars will be found 'ii our advertising colunine." TaE EnnuoA ELOPEMENTR,-WO have beeoon requested to state with refeorenco t, the mar. rioge of a runaway young couple from Echoes, bh the Rev,, Mr Lindsay,. of Chal. mere Free Church,' Launceston, that the:, ceremony was performed beloao Mr 'Lindbay received any intimation from lMr Superinten dent Coulter that the father of the bridegroom 1 objected to the nmatch.. .A paragraph which is going the round of the papers makes it appear that Mr. Lindsay married the couple in spite of Mir Coonltir's reonie'strances..? Tua GR?AT A??maIOAN' CuOacus-Last 5 night the Great'Amorican,Comhination Circus' of Messrs.. King, Bird, and Taylor ro- opened upon the Court-House Green, and notwith- I standing the unpropirious sta'e of the weather 1 there was a large audionce. The performances I of this talented company of equeostriabs, gym- I nasts, and aorobats have boon so frequently noticed in thlse columns that it is only neces eary to say that last night's entertainment gave as much satisfaction as previous ones. This evening the circus will be opened for the last time in Launeeston, acid 'the performances will be for the benefit of the Launceston Beonevolent Society, the proprietors having generously tendered their eassistance in this way. Doubtless the' combined inducoments of amusement and charity will have the effeot 4 of filling the large tent. SAD DEATII.-On Friday night tihe dead . body of a man was brought to the hospital. f His story reveals a miserable phase of Ibuh c life. The poor fellow, whose name was Ronry 3 Hardingo, had been, fencing on the Lake District for Mr Keith of Ross, and, in break. c ing a piece of wood, had, in some 'way, over. strained himself, causing such severe internal injury that he was unable to move. Hlie had I lain there without any sustenance for three I days and three nights, when the mounted- 4 policeman of the district fortunately came upon him. The policeman immediately rode I elf fora'convoeyance, and hlid the poor 'duffer log follow taken to Hamilton, where lie he lay a day, his abdometi having by this time become fearfilly swollen. The Warden employed a man named Gossago to convey the sufferor in a spring cart to tie hospital here. . Gossago I left with him on Friday morning at 7 o'clock, having to travel slowly so as to pain Hard inge as little as possible. He bore the journey pretty well, for he was as carefully placed as circumstances would permit, and when ,they reached Cooley's Inm, on this side O'Brion's Bride, he felt so well that he would have sat up, had not Gossngo persuaded him to keep his place on the bed in which Ihe was laid. An hour after--10 o'cloek-when the, hospital' was reached. th "poor follow was dead.-IL 2. flercury. ANoTHER: ROYAL 'lMARnIAO?.-An'item of, Court gossip has more interest for Australian readrss thlanoven the details of the betrothal of the Princess Louise 'and thIe Ma:rquis of Lorne. A letter froom:Vienna, published in the London, Press, mentions,that thecx.King' of Hanover will'visit London during the en suing season, and that one of his daughters is to"mairy an English Royal prince.': The letter does not give the name of the prospec tive bridegroom, but it is hardly 'possible, if tihe gossip be true, that anyone else can be referred 'to than the Dikeo of Edinburghl, Any other union wpuld be out of turn, and besides, Prince Artliua, the next of tile Royal family in order after our own "Royal Duke," li?a not yet arrived 'st man's estate. ' And it is time Prince Alfred did "settle in life.'"r Ho will be twenty-seven years of ago niext August, or four years older than. his brother rwas at his marriage with the " Sea Kiig's, daigh ter from over the sea,'.' as Tennyson was pileased to describe the indubitably GermanAloxandran A reference .to the " Alminak do Gotha" shows that there are two Hanoverian pirin cesses-the Princess Frederika,' just twonty three years ofeage, and the Princess Mario, twenty-one., Which of thom is destined' for the Prince does not appear.. Of one thiing we are esure,. Australia will be ready, whlenever thie happy event occurs, with its congratul 'tione.-Daily 'leleqraph. Gra' v. GoLDsnnoroG.-This ease, whioi was referred to.~in our Melbournoe telegrams od Thursday last, is the case of The Blak of.Van Dimions's Landov. Thio'Banklof Viomorie, and was an irppeial from theodecision ot tile Saproenme Caourtof Vitoaia to' the Privy Council, Plain tiffs' had discountod for' Ronald'T. Gin, na tihdde in 'Laticeoston, a 'arift for £3,000 onr Goldsebrough and Parker ofMelbournd. This d'rft plaintiffs forwardedt ' their agents, tihe Bank of 'Violoris, fur presontrtion for acoep tonco. The Bank-of 'Victoria loft it with ialdebrougrh on a Friday afterdloon; it was accepted on thie following.day, but thIe bank clerk when hbo called . tor,it >was told it' was mislaid. On.the Sunday Mr. Ginnlarrived in Melbourne, from Lauacestono, and Parke aeoiog the nrinouincemenot of his arrival inm lhe "Arusetof Mouday, euspenctd that something was wrong, and diretctd thle ?e?eptanee not to be banded 'over till h' had seen Gann.' Thins interview, being unsatisfactory, Parker ,can celled thb acceptance, and returned the bill to the Bank of Victoria on the Tnesday. Gonn fiiled soon after, and the Bank of Van Dinamen's Land sued the Bankic of Viotoria for negligence in the presenatation of the dra(t for acceplnco. The Snpreme Cour told,' on those facts, that the plaintiffs were not entitled to reiovr the amount of the, bill, ando the Privy Couqcil hbve aippaniiqtly' uphel their CONTuAcT r on MAN LINE ENTreRnEDON. \--'rT letroury is "1 gratilled to be able to tl announce fromn documents arrived by this d mail, now in the hands of thie Main Line d Railway Conipany's solicitor here, that the Company have accepted a tender from one of the leading contractors in London, for the construotion of the Tasmanian Mhin Line Railway, within tho stipulated osun of J£650,000, -A daft contract has boon re ceived by. the Company's solicitor for ap proval by the Governument, and the Company v only await the signing of that contract by the Government,. When the Company re ceivo a 'telegram from Captain Audley Coote, intimnating that that has been done, they will a' at once commenoco activo operations." Tna AoENTG ENncAL O. VIOTORIA In Eng. gland'is making another attempt to induce '8 the Imperial Governiment to allow the Victor- a' inns to supply themselves with the silver and c bronze coins of the present ourrency, and with good hopes of snccess. SIe JAaecs FinoausoNr.-- lls Excellonay, t1 Governor of South Australia, arrived here by t the coach on Saturday morning, from his visit to Mr. Du Oane at Hobart Town. He break. fasted at the Launceston Hotel, and embarked on board, the Tamar for Melbourne shortly before 10 o'clock.! Sir James proceeds by the tPenola to Adelaideo,. AnnlvAL. oir BIeIor MunsIRa .-On the arrival of the Roman Catholio Bishop of Tas- st mania at Hobart Town, on Friday morning p last,'from' tiending- the cEIumenioal Council G at Rome, he met with a most enthusiastio re- re oeption. A 'procession was formed from the ni wharf to the Cathedral, where solemn high C mass was celebrated in the presence of a large at oodgregation.':After mass ll;e Bishop un- w tobed, and addresses were presented to him ac from the eloargy and laity' of the diocese, to fc which the Bishop read a suitable reply. His si Lordship thei. said lie had one word for the N children and pdople, as to the enthusiastio b welcome they had given him" that' day. He ai must say he felt grateful and thiankful'for it.: rt He had passed through many glorious scenes tI since he parted with them; lie had witnessed: the' Holy .Father, the great Pontiff of the tl Church, not.only in his' private apartments, fr but in.publio, in the great Church of St. k Peter's; hesaaw himin theVatican surrounded w by tholFathers of the Church, in' his glory, and ti le sew tihe dignity which acured the respect w aid admiration of all;, he had witnosepd the pi great ceromonies of the Churoh ; and yet he declared to them that all that had not prop aI duced in his mind so great a manifestation of a of joy as the welcome they had given hins (the di Bislhop)'that day. He thanked-them all from hi his heart, and he prayed God to bless them w and their families. His Lordship concluded by pronouncing the Episcopal blessing. at 'AUSTRALIANS IN ENGLAND, &o.-;" The bl Anglo'Australian in London" Writing in Jan uary says:-" During the Christmas and New ti Year's holidays, some of the South Australian 01 families rosident in London have hold their st customary social gatherings at this time of the w year, in the shape of dinner parties and'dances " for the younger members of these colonial cir ales. Amongst boe latter entertainments may' be noted, the balls given (with great colat and much enjoyment to the young people) by Mrs. n Paxton, Paloco Gate, Hydo Park ; Mrs. Stir ling,' Queen's Gardens, Hyde Park; Mrs. Allison, Lancaster Gate; Mrs. Highes (of at Moonts), Porohester Terrace ; and Mis. Tin. p line, Princes Square. A rather interesting th Book of Travels, lately published by the Msr- a, quis do Beauvoir, enumerated by name certain n young ladieh in Hobart Town as distinguishad as ty their beauty at a ball lie attended there; aI this, however agreeable it may be to the young h ladies named, can hardly be considered fair to a tlroseo whose names were omitted, so I will not A commit the same indiscretion, but merely say ' that it is admitted on all hands that Souih I Australia may be fairly proud of the young ladies and gentlemou, natives of the colony, who grheed these "sretnious" bytheir pre. CArTAIN HIOVELL.-Th0 following para. i graph relating to a gentleman who very re. G .qontly paid a visit to. Tasmania, and was tl ire:seut at the opening of the Launceston and J Western Railway,: is. from the ilelbourno n ,Argpa of 14th instant :--A long time ago two b 'bust of Captain Hovell, one of the first over- o landers to Port Phillip, were executed by Mr ti Summers, sculptor, one being intended for, presentation to the Melbourne Public Library, but,\oving:to a' neglect :to send the second' ,b bust to'Captain Hovell, it was not untila few t1 weeks ago that the other was placed in its in- a tended position. On arriving hero' from ei Sydney lately, Captain HoI?oll .institutedil G search, which resulted in the discovery of the a bust in the forme'r astidio of the scuiptor (wiho is now in Europe), having been apparently b forgotten by the artist, as it was in an un- tl protected condition, and covered with dust. It was properly cleaned, and forwarded to the A library, where it is oibw mounted on a pedestal in the statuary gallery, to the left of the main entrance. The following inscription will be attached to the bust:-" William Hilton tl Hovell, who, in company with Mr Hamilton e HIaume and six sons, made the journey from fi Sydney to Port Phillip ind back, between a Ootobar, .1824, and January, 1825." a Coi.oNraL PrINTrNo INi.-Tho Expeurese and Ielegraplu (Adelaide) of 4th' inst. is printed with ink msnufactured by the Mhossrs. Braddock, of the' Yatal Choemical Works, c Port 'Adelaide. Thlioseu gentlemen (says our contemporary) ' have devoted much time and attintion to tho'manufacluro of printiig inks t of various descriptions'; and although there" is nbidtidtyon the imparted art'cle, they axpress tlhemselves as being quite confidint that they will be able, both- in' respot of price and quality, offoctuaUy to compete with the homno tmakers. We hope their expectations will :be 'renlised, and have much pleasure in thai directing pablo attoentiou to another colonial iodastry. Ofooarsoe the higher priaed inks v'oaild beor asnperior aploarnanco to the prc sohtispedimen, which is, lowoever, of very fair quality, considering the price." IDIsrURBANOE AT ThE NuEWOASrLE INDnU TaAr. Scuounh.-Reltitre to tihe disturbano ats .tue :Noeosrti'Industrial School, lately referred to in our Sydney telegrums, the Syilney dlorna. ing llerald turnishes thLe following partieutares- t"OinFriday,' o10th inetniit,"about 8 o'elock, without any apparent roasoo, theo'girle roo en i umase, sandl comnoceqd to demolish thl wsindows, ( crickery, a'd everything else ina the establisbh. ment that it was posilole to lay their hbnds upon. The languagee used was borrible in tihe exlrcme, and for upwards of an hoar the riot continued unquelled, nnlil the police, assisted by some:e privite citiz?eni were enabled to capture the sigleaders: anod convoy them to the lockup, the Icast vlolent being confined i, thleo; school guardbouse. ' A second disturbance took place uia .Siturda y, uad during iies progress ,bthe girls took'out the window sashes, and did all the dsmige they posslo" doeld, Sixteen of the elder~girts were taken loathe lockup, with~a view ivbleinl brought uphbefore the police ts'gis ira"I'" 'i OLAMWona .-.A writ hns boon iesued for tho election of a member for the olootoral distriot of Glamorgan, vioe Mr. John Mforo; dih, M,HI,A,, roeaiged. 