PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE. LEGISLATIVE ASSEUBLY. Wednesday, 9th August. Mr Stewart asked the hon. the Minister of Lands if it is his intention to reduce the rent upon land held under the 49th section of the Land Act, 1869. The hon. member very forcibly pointed out that under the section referred to the licensees had no title to their land, and were obliged, nevertheless, to pay a large sum in the way of rental. He thought they should not pay any more rent than licensees under other sections, and should also be placed in the same satis factory position. Mr Grant stated that he had the matter under his consideration, and he intended, he might state, to bring the rental of such holdings, as far as possible, within the ratio of. that of other holdings held by licensees under the 31st section, as and where prac ticable, with similar benefits. Mr F. L. Smyth drew the attention of the hon. the Chief Secretary to the conduct of Senior-constable J esse, in the case of The Queen v Lane, towards James Newham, at Sale, as reported in the Gipps Land Times of the Ist of August last; and asked if any and what proceedings are intended to be taken by the Chief Secretary towards an official enquiry into the conduct of the said Jesse. The Chief Secretary stated that with the advice of the law-officers of the Crown he had arranged that further enquiries should be instituted. Mr Wm. Clarke presented a petition from a num ber of settlers on land reserved for water-supply purposes at Ballarat, in the neighborhood of the Moor abool and Devil’s Creeks, setting forth the grievances under which they labored in consequence of not having been able to obtain proper consideration for their improvements. The petition was read, and laid on the table. Mr Mackay asked the hon. the Minister of Mines in what year, and under what district engineer, the con tract was undertaken for stopping a leak in the outlet works of a reservoir in which the contractors, instead of carrying out their contract, committed a gross fraud on the public by forming a drain in the embankment and leading oil' the leakage water. The hon. member stated that he had brought forward the question inas much as the statement of the matter which the Min ister of Mines had made on the previous evening might Have been deemed as referring to himself. Mr M'Lellan stated that the hou. - member was altogether too touchy in such matters, just as if he had had the whole responsibility of the waterworks on his own shoulders. However, although he had to state that for obvious reasons he could not make known the report until Colonel Saukey’s report was submitted, he might observe that the subject to which he had referred had taken place in 1867, and would be fully borne out at the proper time, when the official report referred to was placed before Parliament. Mr Whiteman called the attention of the Minister of Works to a statement of the fact that the retention of the bark on redgum piles has the effect of repelling the attack of the teredo navalis; and asked if he would cause to be made such enquiries or experi ments as would test the practical value of this state ment. Mr O’Grady stated that the matter was being attended to. The Chief Secretary stated that, as the hon. mem ber for Richmond had challenged him on the previous evening with having referred to him and the Hon. Sir James M’Culloch in unbecoming terms, he had to ask what the language was, and when used, as he was utterly ignorant of "ever having at any time used language of such a nature. Mr Francis stated that he was prepared to substan tiate what he had stated, but his remarks applied equally to the Treasurer as well as himself. The hon. member here referred, to the Chief Secretary’s speech at Kyneton, and the Treasurer’s speech at Geelong, alleging that he and the late Chief Secretary had been virtually charged with a- dereliction of duty, but as the mutter was one which could more properly come on when the Budget statement was under discussion, he preferred postponing the matter until then. The subject then dropped. Mr Stephen moved that leave be given to bring in a bill intituled “ A Bill to enable the Members of the ■Victoria Racing Club to sue and be sued in the name of the Chairman for the time being of the Committee of the said Club, and for other purposes.” The Chief Secretary stated that he intended having the standing orders passed in reference to the treatment of private bills, and that if the present bill passed the first reading it must be under the conditions of these orders. The motion was then agreed to. - Mr Francis moved that the report from the Select Committee upon the Bank of New South Wales Act Amendment Bill, with the amendments made by the committee in such bill, be now taken into considera tion. Mr Berry asked that the matter should be post ppned for a week, as he would, then be prepared to go on with it. Sir James M'Culloch asked if it was the intention of the Government to bring in some general banking measure. Mr Berry stated that the Government would take some steps to indicate the policy it intended to take up in regard to banking generally. Question postponed accordingly as proposed. The second reading of the Melbourne and: Hobson’s ® a y^® al l ,va y Company’s Bill was postponed for a Mr L. L. Smith moved that there be laid-upon the table of the House a return setting forth the number, names, and'date of appointment of the several inspec tors of public works, from January, 1858, to the end of -July, 18/1, both on the permanent and temporary staff. Agreed to. Mr W. C. Smith moved, that there be laid upon the table of the House, a return showing the total cost of producing and compiling the work styled “The Gold-fields of Australia,” the number of clerkssugaged in the Mining Department; the salaries of such clerks; the time they were engaged in compiling the work; the^.n limber of copies sold; the sum such copies remised; and the number given away,—Agreed to. *ue House then went into committee for the far mer consideration of the import and export duties. Mr Berry in proposing the first item of brushware Av in the list of goods brought under the 20 per cent, acl valorem duties, stated briefly his reasons for seeking to impose such a duty, and stated that in talcing the steps . he had he had been mainly guided by protecting those industries which could be best fostered in the colony. In regard to the fist under consideration, he intended that the item before them should remain at the duty set down, and boots and shoes ditto, but in regard to elastic-side uppers, Wellington legs, clogs and pattens, he intended transferring them to the 10 per cent. list. Apparel and slops he would propose to continue hi the 20 per cent, list, but in regard to woollen blankets or blauket mg, rugs and rugging, he would propose it in the 10 per cent. Hst. Tents and tarpaulins, marble and stone wrought, he intended should be continued in the list as proposed. There were a few other items in the list in which he would have alteratious to propose w’hen they came to them. Mr Langton drew attention to the fact that it was quite possible for goods to bo taken up to Echuca at a rate of five per cent., according to the Intercolonial Treaty, and there being unpacked, taken back into the colony, thereby making a saving of 15 per cent., by in that means evading the tariff. He hoped, therefore, that the'flouse would fairly ’understand the subject before fully proceeding with the consideration of the duties. Mr Berry slated that he thought with the steps which would be taken to protect the revenue such cases could not exist, and that it had only arisen like a ghost in the mind of the hon. memher himself. However, he might say that even in the face of the treaty would he take such severe steps as he deemed desirable to protect the revenue. Mr Yale considered the case which had been sub mitted-by- the mouthpiece of the free-traders (Mr Langton) as merely one of the “ picturesque bogies ” which he had no doubt would be offered on nearly every item of the tariff. He had no doubt that the importers—some of them at least—be they large or small, had before now endeavored to get out of paying certain duties, but he hoped that if such an'attempt was sought again, the Government would meet it firmly, and, even going bo far as to break the treaty, adhere to its duty and command its revenue as Par liament had willed it. The soft-goods men had all along been leaving the colony for Sydney whenever duties were imposed, but they had nevertheless built large mansions and were still doing so, and there was no fear of their leaving. St James M'Culloch was astonished at the state ments of Mr Yale, that the treaty should even be broken to support the tariff The question was, was it legal or not to send up goods to Echuca and cross them over the Murray, and there place them in bonded stores, to be afterwards distributed over the neighboring townships? He believed it perfectly so, and in the face of that was it to be said that the inter colonial treaty should be repudiated. He hoped not. He for one objected to anything more than a ten per cent. duty. Mr Longmore stated that he considered the Govern ment would be justified in breaking the treaty in such a case, if the revenue was to be robbed in such a way. Mr Kerferd considered that it would be no robbery at all, but only fair and equitable, considering the changes which had taken place in the revenue. Mr Yale denied that it would be either legal or equitable, and upheld the proposition of the Govern ment to even interfere with the treaty if necessary. He further stated that it was always the custom to see that goods cleared out of bond were required - for trade, and this he had no doubt would be especially done in the case of goods which might be stored in bond over the Murray, and which might be suspected as about to be used for distribution in Victoria. Mr Berry pointed out that although goods might be stored over the Murray in bond, it would nevertheless be the duty, according to the treaty, of the New South Wales Government to collect further duty on behalf of Victoria. Mr Francis made [gome remarks in reply to the statements of Mr Vale, that care was taken to see that the goods released from bond in doubtful cases were properly looked to, but observed that such a course of procedure had only hitherto applied to spirits. Mr Langton got up to reply. [Left speaking.] The following notices were given:— By Mr W. Clarke, oh Thursday, 10th August—To call the attention of the Hon. the Minister of Lands to the case of the Crown tenants situated on the re serves of the Ballarat Water Commission, and ask him how he proposed to deal with them, and whether he will undertake that they shall receive full compen sation from the Ballarat Water Commission before removal. By Mr Eobertson, on Thursday, 10th August—To ask the hon. the President of the Board of Land and Works—l. If lessees under sec. 12 of the Amending Land Act, 1865, can obtain Crown grants for their leaseholds without previously taking out leases under sec. 33 of the Land Act, 1869. 2. If so, on what terms... • By Mr Levien, on Thursday, 10th August—To move that the House will, on Tuesday nest, resolve itself into a committee of the whole to consider the propiiety of presenting an address to his Excellency the Governor, requesting his Excellency to cause the sum of £750 to be placed on an additional Estimate for 1871-2 for the purpose of forming a siding and passenger platform at Elaine. . The following supplements our report of proceed ings in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday:-^ In committee for the further consideration of cer tain import and export duties, Mr Berry declined to follow' -Mr Francis through his general review of the tariff, and contented himself with defending the proposed duty of 3d per-pint or lb on acetic acid. After some further discussion the Government pro position was agreed to. The duties of 2s 6d each on doors and 2s per pair on window sashes were agreed to. ■On the proposition that a duty of 3s per gallon be placed on wine, Mr Cunningham moved as an amendment, that the duty be 5s per gallon. Mr Berry opposed the amendment because nearly a whole year’s consumption of wine had been specula tively cleared at the lower rate. After some discussion, Mr Cunningham altered his proposition to 4s per gallon; but, on a division, it was defeated, and the Government proposition carried by a majority of 41 to 28. On the motion of the Treasurer, comsaoks, gunny bags,. and woolpacks were struck out of the list of dutiable articles. The duties of 6d per cwt on cement, 20s per ton on onions, 10s per ton on potatoes, and Is per 100 lb on grain and pulse unmanufactured, were carried. On manufactured grain the duty was increased to 2s per 100 lb. "Duties of 30s per ton on galvanised iron, 20s per ton on iron wire Nos." 1 to 9, '6d per gallon on oil in bulk, 3s per cwt on wrapping paper, 10s per cwt on paper bags, Is 6d per 100 ft on dressed timber, 9d per 100 feet on undressed timber,-la per 1000 on laths, 6d per 1000 on shingles, fid per 100 on palings, 6d per 100 upon rough spokes, felloes, and sawn pickets; 5s per cwt on sulphuric, muriatic, and nitric acids; and 6d per dozen on glass or stone bottles containing ale, wine, or spirits, were agreed to. Progress was then reported, and the House ad journed till Wednesday afternoon. 