THE MOTLEY CORRESPONDENCE. New York Times, January M.J LITTLE reading the correspondence between, Mr. Motley and Secretary Fish, published in Yesterday's issue, one can only say that it is a great pity the quarrel to which it relates was t not avoided. As a fencer in words, the rather ' even-tempered historian is hardly a match for the cool Secretary. Mr. Motley's well-known ardour, which makes his history of the struggle for liberty so full of life and dramatic interest, has led him into an indiscretion in this correspondence, of which the wary Secretary of State did not fail to take advantage. The Minister,' in giving up his office, had>a perfect right to make a full and clear statement of the facts attending his dismissal, but he had no right to suggest dishonourable and petty motives of the part of the President. From motives of this kind, all the previous life of the President shows him to be remarkably free. Mr. Motley had nothing to do with historical coinci-' dences," such as the date of the rejection of he San Domingo Treaty and his own recall. Such suggestions may come well enough from gossipy journalists, but are not very appropriate from an ambassador to his chief. Mr. Fish does not spare the Minister in reference to this great blunder. ' Still, on the other hand, the correspondence reveals a treatment of the eminent historian by the Secretary of State which was not perfectly fair and open from the beginning. Mr. Motley, with a rather hasty indiscretion, presented to the President before his departure " a member" as to the relations between the two countries,, which evidently disgusted the cool statesmen who were at the head of our Government. To judge from Mr. Fish's allusion to it, it was a hot-tempered, rhetorical document, with too many expletives and expressions of temper, to suit the calm judgment of the President and his adviser. This criticism Mr. Fish ought immediately to have made to the departing' Minister, and much misunderstanding would have been saved Subsequently, whatever Mr. 'Motley -did or said in his interview with. the' British Minister, the ghost of this memoir, and of Mr. Sumner's s violent speech, haunted" the 'imagination of his principals They always fancied him using the extravagant rhetorical Mr. Sumner and the violent adjec« Lives of the memoir towards the British Government. : ' ', " ' '' Almost on his arrival, our Minister was guilty of another indiscretion, and that not an unimportant one, in conveying to Lord i Clarendon the President's / views on a very delicate point in the negotiations, from memory of a conversation, instead of wait ing for written instructions. The result! was that he stated our side' '0? the argument too strongly, and was subsequently corrected by his superior. In Mrs Fish's account of the negotiations, Mr. Motley has represented as urging the American position, in the discussion too warmly,, claiming too much and dealing in vague threats. The Press sident was for peace-for a fair and just states, ment of Our grievances-for the most amicable j negotiations. The Minister is charged with being for war- with, using strong epithets taken from the unfortunate "memoir," and employing threatening expressions. r The President believes in the right of a foreign Power to declare neutrality and recog- i nise belligerency between a State and its rebels pious citizens, provided the insurrection has? assumed a sufficiently important (form. HO W objects to the British declaration of belligerency as 'pi cm nature and unfriendly, and as showing the animus of the subsequent actions whose damage is the especial grievance. He does not believe in Mr. Summer's " constructive damages" and violent denunciation of Great Britain, 9m evidently dreads lest the friends of the senator hold similar views. Mr. Motley is inclined on the other hand, to take stronger ground, and make the famous declaration the fountain head" of all our calamities, and in consequence to give a more serious, or even impracticable character, to the negotiations than his history tions warrants " ., It need not be said to our readers that the? President's ' view is the one which has always Each held,>y this, journal, and which £3 ii I I ' . . -its, i I i o jï-ËÇed'bycomfiion sense and the calm wisdom k. of impartial minds. a ,, We cannot ' resist the impression that both he and President Grant, being men of hard practical judgments and calm temperaments, were disgusted fast with Mr. Sumner's violent speech against England, and his wild assertions, and then with the oratorical and somewhat . ardent "memoir," so injudiciously presented them by their Ambassador and that this feeling gradually ripened into distrust and want of confidence and that this natural incom- pliability," and not Mr. Sumner's opposition, is the cause of Mr. Motley's recall. 