Coe iflmtcutiit' gtototcg Tireurs Booms to have been no lack of wholes' excitement this weak, but pler.ty of excuse for ri; inc; into nil kinds of mild dissipation. Tho Mel polittm Exhibition again, tho Agricultural Sleet at Singleton, tho Hawkesbury KÜCCÍI ; somu "sei tiona!" trials nt tho Supremo Court; tho shipm of stock, passengers, and cargo to Northern A traliu; tho celebration of tho centenary of Walter Scott; tho delivery of a pro-Catholic i nnti-Orange locturo, followed by tho ngrceablo c bu"st of thrco'Cheers for tho Quean; «ind tho occ renee of oovoral other novelties, havo served to k public attention from subsiding into a condition somnolouoy. The Governor has had his sharo wotU to do in connection with eomo of these matte and a record of tho week's proceedings will sh that tho idea now and then encouraged in so quarters-to tho effect that tho duties of his Exe lenoy could be discharged by an ingeniously ci atructod automaton-is not quito consistent with f and sound judgment. Aa to tho celebration of tho hundredth yoar Walter Scott's birth, I should Uko to point out h completely my anticipations wcro fulfilled wher saw who had stopped to the front ; but RS this woi at onco convict mo of tho charge of egotism-to wbi somo of thoso gentlemen huvo subjected themselves perhaps I had better avoid it. However, . I anti pated that, in aomo cases, there would be great deal of talking about thsmselvi and very little about tho builder of Abbotsford ai [ his writings. As to Carlylo, and his bitterness ! , j romombor that Dr. Lang, ia hù History of Xi I South Wales, was very BQvero, but deservedly BO. I , political renegades, referring especially to tho ca of Sir Francis Burdett, na uioiilur to that of o Australian politician Wentworth ; and ns Carly] j or tho Hermit of Chelsea, as his admirors loi I called him, took a similar course of gy ration, to u his own words, I don't supposa that many will thit i much of his opinions of Scott. Thero can bo i ! doubt that ."¡¡r Walter had greatly purified tl British tasto with regard to novel rending. Percgrii Pickle, Tom Joned, Tristram Soundy, Rodoni Random, and stories of that kind wero mu( road by the intellectual «nd educated pa: of the community, because tho ability ar wit which porvaded them could not fail to bo aj prcoiated; whilo their vicious, or at least lewd, toi excluded thom from all libr/iries accessible to ladii or the young during tho last forty years. Bi Scott's writings proseutod no such o\jections. Hov ever, I don't wont to pursuo the subject. If thoi who had tho munagomont of tho celebration ha voted for a ball and promenade-or a promonad concert, with tho introduction of somo of tho moi ¡ conspicuous characters of Scott's novela und pooms and a supper afterwards, thero would stiil have bee ! plenty of opportunity for them to talk about thora selves. As it happened, tho wholo affair fell flat j and it is likely that tho Governor was glad enoug to got away from it. Tho worst of it is that thoa [ whose who " mado a mull " on this occasion wii ] probably not havo an opportunity of bottoring it hundred years hence. Is ovory colobrity to bo raked up, though, ever; I hundred years, and mado a pog to hang sell laudation upon ? Ï hope not ; but I see that tho; have got hold of Mr. William Caxton in Melbourne and propose to impalo him in a Bimilur way. If al othor mon who havo made thoir mark upon thoir gono ration since tho old printer sst up his press in West minster aro 'o havo their centenarys celebrated ii tho samo manner as Scott's was horo, wo may no unreasonably expect n visitation of indignant ghost to protest against such proceedings. " Lot us nlono,' thoy might say ; "wo suffered enough in our lives and you might permit ua to rent peacefully in om gravee." Poor William Shukcspcaro has sufieroc ghostly martyrdom in this wny ofton enough, and i ho could deal with his persecutors, I think ho woulc Bhow thom that ho didn't like it. So that man in tho far wost, of whom wo have hoard so much any timo durÍDg tho last eighteen 01 twenty years, scorns to havo turned up again, if ro lionco is to he placed ou tho stutoments of Andrew Hume. Now I confess that I am not ono of those who do place rolinnco upon thoso statemonts. In fact, I am becoming altogother incredulous of travellers' BtorieB, unleBB thoroughly corroborated and authenticated. Do you know that I havo strong doubts about Dr. Livingstone. Wo havo heard so much of him during many years past, whilo all the timo'ho fails to put in an nppoaranco, that I think i any cautious porson is warranted in doubting his ! existence, or whether ho over did oxist. AB to tho ' man in tho wost, ho has so ofton hoon doniod, and so many timos identified with an old man kangaroo, or some other wild donizon of the woods, that tho very mention of him seta mo doubting. Thore is a colonial cxpreusion with rcfcrcnco to mattors of this kind, to tho effect that you hud hotter boliovo it than look for proof, and it appoars to mo that thero is sound philosophy in tho advioo; but how if you are not ablo to believe it, I pray you ? There is always somothing vory much in the way of belief in things that are repugnant or contradictory to common sense. I suppose that it was an articlo of implicit belief inTaris not very many yoars ago-or if not in Paris, nt least in other parta of tho empire whilo it was still Kapoleonic,-that the figuro on the top of tho column in the Place Vendome was a faith- ful ropreaontntivo of tho grand, generous, nnd hcroio qualities of tho. hero of Lodi, as the .Orosar of his day ; and yet wo hear of it being thrown prostrate to tho ground, and tho copper ornaments being sent off to the -mint to bo coined into BOUB pieces, and thus go into gonoral circulation-a similar destiny to that which old Napoleon is said to have consigned tho silver efugios of tho twelve apostles. I was reminded of the degradation of the Yondomo column hy hearing that the tublets in tho Exhibition Building at Redforn, hoaring the name of a lato Mayor of tho city, had been takon down, and replaced by brickB. Was any espceial satire in- tended hy this introduction of MUCKS instead of tho Mayor ? Thoy used to givo him orodit for hoing one himsolf. But fleeting is popularity ; and nono know how long it may last ! Tho last Fiji papors givo tho state of political parties according to tho recent elections, and if that calculation is correct, tho Delegates, who wcro to meet on tho Oth of this month, would show about about five Ministerialists, or " moderates," and thrco resolute opponents of tho present order of things. It scomo to ho proposed that the futuro Government ahall ho a mixturo of monarchy and republicanism, but'how it is proposed to buy King Cacobau out is not exactly clear. A olork and a sergeant-at-nrms havo been appointed to tho Chamber of Delegates, BO very fair progress is being mado in the ostahlish mont of aristocratic institutions, bcsidcB which wo hear that activo negotiations aro in progress for placing tho Cannibal Islands under a similar form of Government to that of Hawaii. Consuls and deputy. Consuls nro in coúree of mnnufaoturo, and thoro is ' already a strong under-current of monarchical and aristocratic feeling. Referring to ono of tho lalo candidatos, a correspondant of a Levuka paper sneer- ingly remarks, " Ile has not summoned Bardolph, Tym, and Pistol to fight his battles,'.' and goes on to. atato pretty broadly that the individual alluded to, whoever hu is, had got sailors from the forecastle of a ship to blow his trumpet for him. I think I can soo pretty plainly either ono or other of- two things-that is, either that Cacobau or Thakambau, will have to cavo in very shortlv, or will be obliged . to make his Parli-iincnt do so, as a matter of self preservation. I gave you BU h un unreasonably long communicii tion last week thus I believe I shall bo only tao willingly excused for cutting tho matter ruttier short on tho present occasion, especially as there does not appear to bo anyLhing very much to praiso ii the neveu d-tys' events, und it would be rather too pre- sumptuous to bo always taking the character of Public Censor. If peoplo want anything to criticise limy may find plenty to-day, in various quarters, , and amongst the rest there is to be some practice in shooting at tho Volunteer Rifle Butts, when our embryo army will try the Sneider rifles, in tho presuae«, of thu Promier, and I I conclude, of course, of Major Windeyer, who, now that ho sees a regular force organized, must regret the precipitancy with which he retired on his rank, as thoro would bo a fair chanco of his becoming a Lieutenant-Colonel, if. not also of obtaining tho Victoria Cross. I don't lose sight of the action that was tried nt tho Supremo Court this wook, or of tho extraordinary verdict that was given ; but it appears to mc that no great good could ho done by following tho matter further in this place. Thc dt- ciaion of Mr. Justice Hargrave in a latter case, ordering a prohibition to bp issued in, respect of a lino of .CIO. imposed upon Dr. Moffitt, for alleged 'breach of the Stamp Act, is of more gcnorul intorest, und may perhaps put a stop to a groat deal of perjury in tho recently profitable informer lino of hilliness. 