GOIOsTS IN COURT. (Frozr AU tie Yelr Rounoe.) (Cuntinulid.) (The speaker bare cil?d a number of kindred exampra tb-losrging to the period, isuch at, in Iater days;, ave found parallels Jn the well-knreon otori?t of L.ord Tyrone and LadIv Betty Cobb, Lord .s tielson ard 1M. P. Andrewo, 'rir.ee J)oslorouki and Ap razin, the rz-ru;oen otf - trurie arnd Clsrianti, with u long list of ei.ilar caers, and thIn addrelsed bimrerJf, to terreatrial lscto.) It was proved by Magdalene Paret that the treasure was actually found. BJy the w?tneos, I)leeil, it was traced Intothe po' lesion. o! Auguier. By orilier witonsv, it was shown Ithat Anguler had mndoe uo of maony artifle a to obtain tl5e cuatody of the gold, cultivating a romarntic attactrhment for this humblre abourer, and seeking to in spire b?lr with lears tar thi personal saltry no long as he retain-d ponesion of so large a surn. Upon the orhoj, unless it had bie,n practicable to oecuru the alttendance and oral teetirnony ot the very phantom' Itsltf, the claim of Mlirbcel could lurdly address Jtsell more forcibly to the favorable judg ment of the court. It runy Iel that this littlerdlficiency in the chain of evidenci weighled olors, than was epe cted with the parliament of Alr, At all evenrte, they derarided further proof; and the ps'aeuriat liernard, woas brought forward, and underwent a very rigid ex araie otton. Ie satitied that, on a certain day irMay, liranb,- ilnformend hirn that a ghost IhJ re vealed to iio thie ru lterne of ns.ls,serrted treasure. 'That on the ollowir?g morning they I rL.ceded together to the spot .irdi cated by the aparitior, but found no o?nney. 'fhat he, laughed at MlirabJd, onaptped JllI fingers at rthe tory and went away. Tlit hie nieverthJeoes ugre.d to a aecond search-the wl itres, Magdluone Paurer, being present-=but again tlund nothing. T'It, oubaequrenllt, lMirahel de clared ahe had discovered eightee/n reces of gold.; tihen twelve, finally, thirt- five, but displrayed none lt the:. ''litt Mlirahet.l radi however, rent by lnim twenty sole to a priest, to say aratses for thie soul of the departed, to whom he owed so much ; and thalt he ,had sepoken of balanding over ths treasure to Auguler, and taklig tile Jatter's receipt, whichl , c riathly o se.rnuLd to bt., the :amuo now produced, signed "Louis Augulor." The matter obrcllro and ipzzling. 'J'hort wns, by ths11 timnss, no question tiht, this large sour of linllty hiitd, naimelhow; coeno Into the po|aeseioun of hlirulel. Ilhl could n1l, by skill or lubier, Ionse realiarJ the hundredtht part of it. No one :u id be-en robbed, for the notoriety of tlh' ouun would at once tIlue Iprolluled the loso r. It lire bel had oud t (odtoud i(s tese were the wit. netesse who proveld Ithe discovery teuny fret below tlse lsurlice, ill aII undi turbll corner of tile terracel), who rovuIed tIhe precious deposit to tils poor asnlmle clown ? Tlo scale wia ilniloning, olowly and steadily,. to tihe spetlral sidu when somol .0 w andtl startling ievisJLnce ap paerod. Auguirr Isrovel that sldiabrqtntly to the alleged deliory of the traisure Ittu iiso hundot, Mirshil tied declared that it was still cotce'ldtd il the ground, and hint In vited his two I,rohlsers-In-law troum 'oerruis to tea it. Plhcing thenl it little distanlCe frat the lhaunted slot,he nlllldo m ,rdetelnc ol dillgling, but, selddenlly riliing i white uaiirl, whnich hu had attached to sticks iplaced croaswieo; he rushedl towards tlhorn, cryltng out, "'Thn ghost I the ghiostl" One of these unlhcky persrons dhid froll thu imllrelusiotla tunsdered by thlli piece of pillrsantryt. '11o asurvivor delivlerd this testinmony. The caule now begnn to look los favour asle fur tle rcwetre; It who hildly pro bhile that itlrnbil should take sun iiwar taltblun iJlitirty withl i atppuriint ill id1uh, hio Ielluvel, an to represenu t hiu, Illd thaIt It ilu ex luiuhllol pur *ona, by ai old whit,, lsirt I WVis It or, lvp Isllsble that llrtaohl war, altter uill, t IlurLug, srld that the wholo story was 0 liaue fubriul. tiot, for tre ur t ho ilu gdainatos trotn tits welt-to-do Aug'uiel?' It dooe riot oiullar to w atut atute jodclnll intellect this (ot wholly' isijiuaihllu Ida, pireaenatd I alt, At all evenIts a now srr.. eesl tll dtecreed, the great bjerct of' wslloh was to ditucver, In the first hintallulr, how ard weere . ae tth sosey iato Mmab.efs ymaeeion ? Under the preaer of tbis ingrsfry-tbe witnea Peret sa, at length, brooght to jtref fbret, that els bad aeier actiuallp beL'ld one coin bel'ingig to the r( ppled treenlre: rt ndly, thLt Etae did not credit ote wuOrd of ir.~t' el'a rtory: thirdly, tht, if tie had t?reedy defuoed otherwise, it wee at tbhearnenteotretty of Hirabel tim self. Two ezperta were then ezamined at to theI alleged receipt. Theot dif tred In opinion t to its bei ino the herdwriting tf Augeler; but a third beileg added to the c?o?v tation, all three finally agreed that it wat a well- ezcuted Iforgery. Th"i, af.r twenty months, three pro (Aeft, and the examination of fifty-two nitunerae, wee fetal to the ghoat. He wa, put out ofojurt. The final dtcrte .equitted Auogier, and Sondemned 3lirrtbl to the gallete for life, bh Letrg been previously ?ubmitted to tbe quetiv,. Under the torture, Mira bel confetsed thatoueEtiennea Brtl~lecmy, a declared enemy of Augutir't, bed dee-ieJ the spectral ltblr, at a groccd for the in tended ccetatio?, and to aubttantiate the l?ter, hld lent him (for ezibiltion) the tum of twenty tbouted litree. By an alter prtcei, B?r~ni6ewy wte entenced to the galley. for lile, rad the witneates )eleuil and Fouruibre to be hbug op by the armpits, in eoue public place, as false w itneaeer. So Ler as records go, this ringolar coa was the last in which, in French law cforu, the quttion? of ghost, or no ghoot, wa, made the to ject of legal argument and woren tetimouy. 