THE ' GREATEE EXCOMMUNIOA- . v:-. .:TjpN. .; In our. last Ave uientioned tliat Piii.? has pronounced the " Greater Excoininunicii- tion" .against YrcToii, Ealmanuel. Our Sydney 'i/'eeiun-n quoting " the Msh Tablet exults in the fact tliiit tlie .sacrilegiou.s and uhpriricipled Jving''— for relieyinghis Holi ness from the Temporal power, and takina possession of Eome as the cajntal of Italy — has , been struck by the spiritual SAvord of the Church, is rather jfieased than otherwise that tlie Pope- should haA'e avenged himself on Yictor Emmanuel, in casting him, out of the Church,, separating pale of salvation, and con signing him -for ever, if he does hot repent, and re.store. the, Holy City to his Holiness, to- ca'erlasting damnation ! Wo say "pleased," for Dreeman.htis the most un bounded contempt for a king Avho .should dare to , reduce His! Holiness to the rank of - a su bjecb, or - to take aAvay his I'oyal dignity. So Popi.sli is pur Freenian that he cannot coiicoiA-e of Ebjno being cA'-er anv- tliing el but the lioip of the Ropes. PIo thinks' le presence of EM.ArANUKL in the Yaticau;-'or in the city as king, as sacrilege and blasjAhemy, and ho evidently expects, in big holy indignation, that the streets of Lome Avill open to swallow, the- king and ills army iip, or that the clouds Avill rain frogs or flies, or hot thunder- bolts, to de stroy hihi utterly, for daring, to tread the sacred soE of the Church's capital ! We do not Avonder at Freeman's breath ing out "threatening and slaughter." It is congenial that lie' should have sympathy Avith fire and brimstone. Yerigeance, slaughter, dainnatipn and curses are ever ready at the service of the Cliurch. . If Kings and Emperors Avill not submit the pit is speedily opened. The Church brooks no gainsaying of her authority. She coni- mands; and if there is resistance cursing is the issiie. And then, Avhen .she lifts up her voice in fierce , cursings ; and cpn- signings to" everlasting -'perdition,. : such Avretched shaAelings as our Sydney .Rree- man te as, glibly of aKing,orof a natipn being consigned to perditionj and of 'all the present ! and; future consequences of the f-' aAvfuI" sentence Af Excommunication, as if. tliey, really, enjoyed the , sight of "their going doAvn to tlie bottomless abyss !' ' If our Protestant "reader.s Avill .see Avliat the Church of Eohie! can , do, and intends to doj Avhen she prononnces sentence of the Greater Excommunication, they ought to enquire,' " What is meant by this dread sen tence ? What h Piiis done to "Yiarok Emmanuel ,? JnAvhat-iiosition has the Podo dared to place the- King in respect pf soul and body?- 'What : has Pius, before tile face of the Avliole' civilized YArld> in this nineteenth . century, claimed to do Avith a - King.; Avhom the ' pepide of Epme have elected, and Avelcbmed to rule pver them''insfcetid of himself ? The answer, to these queons Avill ; shoAS' our readers the horrible f nature offthe Popish Religion, and the dangerous claims aa'hich those in fallible ' disturbers , of the nations , make, AAdieii the'; think they Avill , prevail. : It is not too much to .say uoaa'-, from the daring and Adllanous conduct of Pius, in this last act against the King of Italy,, that the life of Emmanuel is now in imminent peril, and that the pea,ce t of Italy is seriously implicated. As I the sentence of excommunication is a kind J of spiritual outlaAvry, and a handing of tho excommunicated person over to the Devil, any furiously infatuated lover of the Pope, and Son. of the Church, may lawfully and exc isably take the King's life; and we .should not be astonished should an early mail bring the ncAvs that attempts haA'e been inaelo to lid his Holi ness pf such an enemy b . the dagger of the assassin, or that attempts have been maclo to embroil his peojile in civil strife, in the hope of his ruiii;' If there,- be no such attempt, the roasoii Avill be that caution is exorcised, or that the king's poAvcr is too .strong to be re,sistecl. For has it nob been the plan of "Romish Popes and .rulere from the beginning, to put. troublesome enemies out of the Ava-y by- tlie knife or by ppisbii? The Je.suit priuciplc. is. -thisi Avliich is iuculcated as the Avay to '.deal, .with unlaAA'fuI Princes,. " The Avords ' feed my sheep' imply " De stroy, proscribe, depose heretical kings Avho lAvill not be converted, and avHo are in jurious to their 'sulijeots in things Avhicli concern the Catholic Faith ?" — Suarez. But let us ask Avhat the sentence of the Gi'ater Excommunication" ineana ? History .tolls us that Innocent e.xcom- munlcated King. John of England. John was as worthless a Avretclv as ever .satupona throne— cruel,, debauched, and a murderer of his own brother, Avitlial ; yet the Pope did not consider sucli tilings as sufficient to cut him off .from the Cluirch ; but yet becou.se Jolm ppposed the Pope in the election of a bishop to the See of Canter bury, the Pope fii-.st attempted to cajole John by sending him four -rings of gold set Avibh precious stoue.s of difterent colors ; and after drivelliiig iii a letter about the spiritual significatipn , of the rings and their colours Avithout ehanging the king, John was excommunicated as a jn'elimi- nary to the kingdom being laid under the Popc.s interdict ! The form of cursing in excommunication runs in this miinner — "'In the name of the'Fatlior, S6n,audHoly Ghost, and of the. blessed and most holy lady .Mavy, angels, . archangels, and apostles (.fee. We separate M. and N. from the bosoin of the Holy Mother Ohurch, and condemn them Avith the .anathema of a perpetual maledictioii; May they be cursed in. tbo city, cursed in the field, cursed b'o their farm, cursed be their .store, cursed bo the fruit of their Avomh, and in the fruit of their land, /.cursed be their com ing in and going out. Ljct no Christian say " good clay" to them. Let them be buried with tire bvirial of aii ass, and be dung upon the face of the earth. Let their iigjiD oe pu 0 011 D 101 oa'er, ' ivo., (lie. History tislis lis that Pius Y. e.xcommu- nicated Queen Elizabeth, and the form of her .sentence ran thus : " The damnation and'Axcommunicatibn of Elizabeth, Queen of England, and her, acllierents, Avith other punishments. Pius servant of the - seiwants of .God, .: acZ perpetuam rei niemoriam: He that reignetli on high; to Avhom is giA'cn all poAver in heaven and earth, committed one holy Catholic Church (out of Avhicli there is no salvation) to one alone upon earth, viz., to Peter, the prince of the Apostles, and to Peter'.s successor, the Bishop of Rome, to be goA-erned in fulness of poAven Him alone he made prince over . all people , and all kingdoms, to pluck up, to clestroy, scatter, consume, plant, and build, (fcc., Ave do out of the fulness . of our . apostolic poAver, declare Elizabeth, being , a heretic, and a- favourer of heretics, and her adherents, to have incurred the sentence of anathema, and to be cut off from the unity of tEo body of Christ," (fcc., (feoi, 'The high claims of Popes are here - very fully expre.ssed ; over all peoples— oiver all kingdoms — placed over all these, to 2Jlueh up, destroy, scatter, consume, plant \ And as.suming all this supreme power, the Rope consigned Eliza beth to perdition, and declared her "nobles aiKl subjects' released from their oath of allegiance,'? , jib- degrade, ' kill, niurcler, or - e.xpel her from. the coimtry according to their yIII ! Qur 'colonial . Rrotestants . should consider -tiiatthisiis true history— and this foul e.xcommunication'of th e Rope against one of the greatest Queens of E.xgland has never been r'eve/'sed.\ ' . Again, history tells us that Pope Pius YII. excommunicated theRreiich'Einjieror, , Napoleon . the Gre.at. That Great Napo leon Avas the greatest ruffian i that ever lived.- ! : Human life .Avas nothing, in his hand. Tlie peace of the world Avas nothing to' the gratification Af his own ambition. He Avas tlie .muv.derer of tens of thousands. Yet iPius \RI. had no thunder to hurl against him for diis bloody ambition, nor for his gross cruelty and immorality. But because the Emperor dared to iuvade the eternal city, and to take ayay, some of the temporal power, the Pope had no thunder bolts hot enough to fling at the warrior, in the hope that his career of invasion might be cut olf. And for this, the most heinous ci-ime which a Pope can coutem- jflate, Pius "VII. 'f by the autliority of the Almighty, and of Peter and Paul, and of his own," alleging that sacrilege, had been committed, declared that the Emperor and his adherents had incurred the "sentence of the|greater excommunication," for ever con signed to tlie misery and perdition of being cut ofi" and accursed from Christ aild his Church ! Pius IX. has repeated this deed against Victor E-mmanuri,. "Were Italy as ignorant and debased as it used to be, the "Withering of tlio-curse would soon appear. Things have changed. The very people of Home mock at the anathema. Never- tlieless, the danger is great. There are priests, Jesuits, assassins, and practised poisoners who, for the sake of the great merit of the deed, might be induced for a price to cut oft' the rebel' King. Victor is now without hope and rvithout salva tion ! He has no right to a place in earth or in heaven. The Pope has absolirte authority to j)luch xhp and destroy. Yes The Almighty, ami the- Angels, and the Apostles have ratified the deed ! "Well, therefore, might. Victor tremble, seeing that heaven and earth ilike reject him, and that only the abyss of perdition is the fit place for him !. "VVe hope the King will not be alarmed. If he can keep out of the way of a.ssassins he heed not fear the we%li,t of Sthe cur.se. Let him know this that the P.opo'.s curse em England made England prosper. Let him be glad that he is following in Engl an d's wake. May Italy, h aving now had the curse of the. Balaam of Pome pronounced upon it, go and spread and advance as England has done ! To join the ludicrous with the serious, our readers should know that the Bomish Church exconirauhicates not only px-inces and kings, but also mice, rats, locusts," and . caterpillars! It is a fact that in .some places, where the ignorance of the people will stand the cheat, this blasphmpus farce is solemnly pei-formcd. " The priest trans-, mits to the bishop an account of the damage which mice, rats,- or caterpillars hare done to the field. Whcreiipon the; bishoj) orders the priest to an eriiinence in the neighbourhood, to put on his surplice, to sprinkle himself with holy water, to repeat some prayci's, to walk through the fields in the form of a cross,- sprinkling them with holy water, and then to com mand mice, rats, and other noisome creatures to depart on pain of their being excommunicated and accursed !" 