EXTRAORDINARY STORY OF LORD BROUGHAM. One of the most remarkable stories recently told appears in Lord Brougham's autobiography which has just been issued by Messrs. Black wood A most remarkable thing happened to me— so remarkable that I must tell the story from the beginning. After I lnft School I went with G , my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the University There was no divinity class, but we frequently m our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects— among others, on the im mortality of the soul and a future state. This question, and the possibility, I will not of ghosts walking, but of the dead appear ing to the living, were subjects of much speculation ; and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our" blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the 'life after death.' After we had finished at the college, G went to India, having got an appointment there in the Civil Service. He seldom wrote to me, and after a lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him ; moreover, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them, or of him through them, so that all the schoolboy in timacy had died out, and I had nearly for gotten his existence. I had taken, as I have said, a warm bath ; and while lying in it, and en joying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had undergone, I turned my head round, looking towards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair sat G , looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not; but on recovering my senses, I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition,' or what-! 1 ever it was that had taken the likeness of G , "V': had disappeared. ThiB vision produced such a shock that I had no inclination .to talk about it, or to speak about it even to Stuart, but the impression it made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and to strongly was I affected by it that I have here written down the whole history with the date, 19th December, and aU the particulars, as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, ahd that the appearance presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a fopmbnfc doubt j yet for years I had had no oonnnunipation . with" G— — , nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection. NothiUg had " foken place during our Swedish , travels either' con nected with G , or with Inrii anything relating to him or to any member of his family, I recollected quickly our old duoureipp/dthq bargain we had made. I could not discharge from my mind the imprew&h; that G- — must have died, and that his appe&Hranoe; to me w&e; tb : be received by me as a proof of a future, state." This was on tbe I9th December, 1799. In October, 1862, Lord Brougham added, as a poatcript- — "I have just been oopying out from my journal the acooiint of ibw airahg ! Certissima mortis imago! And now to 'finish < tin T story, begun about sixty yeaw «pnc&< ? Soon aftee? / my return to Edinburgh tberv $rriw?il i from India announcing G— doath, .?«w If'':'-" 1 ' 