THE PSEUDO COUNT VON ATTEMS AGAIN. The Straits Times, of Ootober 15, gives the following account of this gentleman, in whom a number of persons in Australia still feel a lively interest:- By the last French mail from Java we have reoeived a copy, -forwarded to-us from Soura- bay a, of a legal dooument containing the Judge's summing up of tho case on passing sentence on the pseudo Count von Attems. It is of very great length, hence we have thought it better to give only an abstract of it. The indictment waa on two counts, first, for knowingly making use of forged commercial writings. Second, for escaping from prison by breaking out. The accused, whose real name is Curt Oswald Schmalz, was born at Pirna, in Saxony, on May 24, 1843, and, after having successfully attended the commercial school at Plarien, began his career at Trieste, where he obtainod employment in a oounting-house for a while, and continued at the same time his studies at tho commercial academy there ; but having incurred many debts, he secretly left the city in the 20th year. of his age, and went to North America in a sailing ship. After his arrival in America he enlisted in the Northern Army in the 2nd Massa- chusetts Cavalry, ,and was promoted to be captain, but being discharged at tho end of the war, he betook himself to Bio'do Janeiro, where, aftor fruitless efforts to onter the Brazilian service, .ho, obtained a situation from a certain merobant named George Davis. Shortly after this, on .receiving news from his fathor that tho latter was no longer able to honor his little bills drawn on the Saxon Con- sul,-he left Kio again on acoount of running into debt; aud after having onconinore fruitlessly striven to enlist es a soldier, both at Monto Video and Buenos Ajrea,,he at the lattor place reoeivod £60 on a bell signed Count Yon Auors porg,.a name assumed theo for the first time by him. , In the same way and. under tho samo cuuno,iho afterwards defrauded several bankers at Bahía, Moyabamba, Lima, . Guayaquil, San Juan, and Havana, of various sums, amounting altogether to about £2100, and, having at length arrivecLat Now York, he obtoinodÄOO from a banker .there upon showing him a letter of credit from an English banker, prepared by him- self. With this amount he paid bis passage to Sierra Leone (West iCoast of Africa). Ho there, still under the name of Count Von Auereporg, defrauded a banker of £200, and sailed afterwords -to Madeira and from ,,thenco to Earcelonia. At these two places he received -altogether on tho aforesaid letter of credit £500. .from Bar- celona be orossed over to Bona in Algeria, under the name of Count Wurmbrnnt Stuppach, and recoivod there.£100 on alettor.of credit from Rothschild's .-banking boase at Vienna, pre- pared by himself, after which ho, on tho failure .of a Uko attempt at Algiers, iook shipping for Constantinople, where, under the,pseudo name of Count Von Landberg, he caused a banker to pay out to him.iilQO. From Constantinople ho wont by a man-of-war steamer to Alexandria, and onoo more jib Count Von Auereporg, re- ceived £500 both there and at Cairo, after which, under the .namo of Berthold Stone, he left Alexandria for Messina by the M. I. steamer PoIubo. From Messina ho went to Naples and procured a pass from Mr. Alfred D. Green, the American Consul there, under the namo of Mr. .Carol Von Berthold Stein, which pass was, .at his own request, exchangod by Mr. Lawrence, American CodbuI at Florence, for another boaring the name of Mr. Charles Von Horbold Stone. With this pass ho travelled to Trieste, ?stayed thero for a short time under his trno namo, arjd paid -some small old debts. £7pon this,he leffc^or Viönua by railway uncUr tue namo of Stone, and bought there from A. Zinnor, a banker, a,bill for £18 on the Anglo-Austrian bank at London, to the order of Captain Stone. He thon, without having re- ceived any money- at Vionn», set out for Lon- don by way jj f Dresden, where he paid a visit to his uncle, a Lieutenant-General of Infantry. Shortly after his arrival in London ho bought a box with types and printing utensils, and alto a bill-book, with the object of .making use of them, if neod be, in the preparation of forged bills. Bofore discounting the bill on the Anglo-Austrian bank bought at Vienna, he, after obtaining the acceptance .of MesBrs, S. Beaumont, director, aud F. Bruer, general manager of this bank, imitated the signatures of these gentlemen on a piece of paper by means of glass, procured a whits cloth Austrian fancy uniform great coat, blue pantaloons, and a fanoy cap with lace, and afterwards left for Amsterdam, where he presented himself to the Austrian Consul as Count Franz von Schön- born. Dressed in the aforesaid coat and cap, and pretending to bo an Austrian officer, he was introduced under the above name to the managers of the Notherlonds India Trading Bank there by the Austrian Consul, and caused the said managers to Bupply him with 9512f., that is, with 170 Mnglish sovereigns-2,027.25,15f. English bank noteB; 179.25f, 105,50f. in Dutch money, and a letter of credit for 7,200f. on the head agencj of the said bank at Batavia, in exchange for four forged German bills filled up by himself on the Anglo-Austrian Bank, containing the signatures of the banker A. Zinncr as drawer, and of Messrs. S. Beaumont and F. Breuer, respec- tively director and general manager of the said bank, as acceptors, for £200 each. Once in the possession of tbeBO valuables, he repaired to Paris, where, under the name of Baron Johann ron Poumgarten, ho procured from the firm of Norton and Co. a letter of credit for 14,163.10F. in exchange for hills forged as beforo to the amount of £600, on which he obtained at Paris lOOOf., and- afterwards . at Brussels from the ogentB of the said firm,'G. Cassel and Co., 6000f. After a very short stay at Brüssel!, he returned to London with the money received at the former place ; from London be took passage for Australia. Once arrived at Sydney, he gave f hinself out to be Count Ignoz von Attems, cap i tain of horse in tho Austrian army, and began t his forgeriea on a greater scale. Amongst other things, he prepared then a forged letter of recommendation from the Archduke Albert to the Austrian consulates in Australia and Asia, a forged permission to travel from the said Archduke and the Austrian Minister of War, a letter of introduction from Anton Count Von Auerspeig to H. B, Sir John ïoung, Governor of New South Wales, a circular letter of credit from the Anglo-Auatrian Bank to its o correspondents in Australia and Asia, and lastly, ; bills, in the bill-book brought with him from v London, to amounts of £100 and upwards, to d the' order of Ignaz Count Von Attemi, with the forjed aooeptances for tho Anglo-Austrian Bank of the abovonamed MossrB. Beaumont and Breuer, payable by the bankers Glynn and Co., at London, and drown by tho Austrian Minietor' of -Finances, Von Becko, on whioh tho Austrian awns were printed on the margin t in black ink, with a stamp produced at the trial and stated by tho accused' to havo been bought at Marseilles. Across tho bills the words " No.," "Accepted," 41 Payable at," " Dirootor," wore printed behind tho signature of Mr. Boaumont, " General Manager," behiud that of Mr. Breuer, and at the foot "¡K. K. Finanz Ministerium" abovo the signature of the Miuistor Karl von Bocke. Whonever ho had need of money ho out out moro bf thoso billa from tho book, aud furnished with his endorsement as Count Ignaz Von AttemB, ho sold thom to sovoral bonkers, and did so to the amount altogether of about £6500, after'whioh ho, when he saw that the forgeries must be discovered, bought and fitted out at Brisbane a yacht named tho Hamlet's Ghost, with whioh bo Bteered for Java, with a oro* on listed by himself. Having come off Timor, and feeling a want of provisions and rooney to pay his men, ho ran into Kupang and there endorsed to J. H. do Siso, a trader, twoof thobills prepared in Australia, one for £100 and tho other for £200, for whioh ho asserts that ho received mostly cash. When ho at last arrivod of Sourabaya, ho-went to the British Consul, pretending to ba Count Ignaz von Attems. By moans of the Consul ho came into communication with tho Agent of tho Rottordam Bank there, and sold to him, for the opening of a oredit, two of the bills previously pro pared in Australia and out out of his bill book, for the amounts respectively of £200 oud £500, of which amounta ho only received 27O0f. on cheques drawn by him on tho agency of the aforesaid bmk at Sourabaya and signed with the name of Ignaz Count von Attorns. Being thereupon 'detained and afterwards taken into custody, he, at first, denied hie guilt, but, ro penting afterwards of his misdeeds, made a full oonfsssion of his guilt, whioh was followed by a lengthy acoount of hiB adventures written by hiniBolf- for the sorvice of justice. This confession, so far as it boro upon the bilKor £200; No. 10,327, sold to Mr. do Siso, and tho two bills No. 10,328 and 10,829, sold to tho Rottordom Bank was confirmed-1st, by tho witnesses Sech Salían bin Stid Bahmid and P. H. Sooters, agent of tho said bank, the first of whom declared undor oath that be, by tho endorsement of Mr. do Siso, became owner of bill No. 10,327, und sold it to tho Botterdam Bank, never doubting of its genuineness ; and the lattor-tostifled that Mr. Van Laer, British Vice Consul at Sourabaya, mado him acquainted with the aecueed, and that ho without any suspicion boughtfrom tho lattor thebi'ls Nos. 10,328 and 1O.S20, after thp said Consul had ' come to his office bringing the bill book of the aeoused, and asking bim if he would buy bills from the latter ¡-that ho had already paid tho accused :£?70Q-for those bille, ,whon lie was informed from the head agenoy of the bank at Batavia, to whom the billa had boen sent, that thora was reason toboliove-ohat tho acouied was the same ob the Count Von Sobflnborn who oommitted frauds at Amsterdam somo months before ; that this, when tho suspioions were further strengthened, led.to the arrest of the accused ; that Mr. do Siso.had reimbursed him for tho amount of tho bill ho had bought from Bahmid, but that ho had never reooivod back any of tho monoy paid to tho aoeusod. Secondly, by tho declarations made by K. E. Franz Carl Freihorr von Boeko, Austrian Minister of Finances, that his signature appearing on the aforesaid bills, one of which and photographs of tho two othere had boen shown him, wore forged, ona that the words "X. ^K. Finanz Ministerium" were not usually in ,use to designate the Aus- trian Finanoial Department. Thirdly, by the declarations made by Messrs. Beaumont and Breuer that, their signatures on bills No. 10,826 and 10,329, showu to thom photographically, were forged, and neither written by thom nor put there by their authorization,* co-operation or approval; fourthly, by a declaration made by F. Engolhardt, one of the dirootors of the Anglo-Austrian Bank, and tho said F. Breuer, furnished with an impression of tlio seal of the said bank aud attached to' bill No. 10,327, that the signatures of Messrs. Boaumont and Brcuer appearing on the said bill are forgeries. And lastly, by comparing the aforesaid bills with the (blank ones in tho bill book, which oloarly showed that they are nat only identically the samo, but had been also out out of tho Baid bill book. Then follows the summing up of the facts as to the attempted escape of tho aoeusod from prison, and tho evidence for the .prosecution on that count. According to whatsis stated, when the accused was in hospital,for medical treat- ment in AugUBt, 1809, .ho formed the idea of escaping by flight from further proBooution. For this purpose he made uso of a knife whioh he had obtained from -some ono during a former stay at tho diospitol ; and kept it care- fully ; .with this knife ho out out, during oight successive nights, the wood of the.window sill to which tho iron window bars .were fastened, and kept the chips carefully. At last, in the night of the 17th and 18th August in tho said year, when everything was 'ready, ¡he placed a hench that wbb in his room upright against the wall under the window, climbed on it, drow a bcr out of the window, and thoa mado his escape through the opening thus made, leaving behind the knife, and letting himself down by a ropo fastened to tho nearest bar, whioh rope had been given to him at his own request for honging his clothes to dry. Before getting down ho hid the pulled out bar under his bed, and so arranged his pillows that at first sight it might be thought | there wbb someone in the bed. Having endea- vored to swim over the river behind the hos- pital, he dived under water on hearing human voicosnond, after »floating down the stream, ho landed and went towards the city. Finding a Javanoso sleeping in his boat in the great river, he awoke him and bade him row towards the sea, and, having arrived ia the roads, ordered him to row tho boat to the coast of Madura. When ho heard the boatman sBy, on arriving at a certain campong, that be was not able to bring .him to Sampang, he (the aoeusod) stepped ashore, paid the boatman six guilders, and afterwards ' went to Sampang, on a horse lent to him by the head man of the campong; from Sampang he reachod Pamakossan at length, on a waggon furnished him by the ABsistaut-Besident, having nothing else with him than a small bundlo containing his clothes and some papers, and wholly with- out money. At the last-named place he re- paired to the Besident, and asked bim for Borne post-horses for Sumanap, asserting that he was named Stone, and was captain of marines on board the U.S. ship Hartford, Commodore Howard, which ship bad been taking soundings between Bali and Kangean Island ; he further- more asserted that ho had been charged to carry over despatches to Sourabaya, and, now that his mission had been fulfilled, wished to return on board by way of Sumanap ; the said Resi- dent, on hearing this, becamo suspicious, and caused a contrôleur to guide him to Sourabaya, saying at the same time, that the ship could not be resobed from Sumanap by prahua, after which he was again arreated at Sourabaya and brought back to prison. . , The accused in his defence admitted the forging and uttering of the aforesaid three bills, but alleged -that the latter, owing to the misdesoription of-the Austrian Minister of Finances, the spelling of the name of the firm Glynn and Co. with two n's instead of one, and tho improper way of sealing, lacked the legal criteria of bills of exohange. The court held that thia defence was groundless, that the bills contained the criteria required by the law, that the defeots pointed out by the accused were not amongst those set forth in the Commercial Code, and even if it were otherwise it would not prevent the prosecution and condemnation of any one who, after forging suoh bills, should knowing utter them. The court also denied the truth of an assertion made by tbe accused that of the two crimes laid to hiB charged he should legally be punished for the graver one only. The Court thereupon proceeded to pass sen- tence on bim, but taking into consideration the full confession he had made, his comparative youth at the time of the commission of the crimes, and the scduotions he had been exposed to during his very eventful life, thought fit not to punish him with the utmoBt severity the law aliowod.-ftj His ? sentence -tbioreforo was,-1st, I imprisonment for-six years ' in tho House of Correction nnd the payment of a fino of lOOOf., I and oonfinoment ' for ? five , months in caso the fine bo not paid. '3ndl y, bíx months' im- prisonment, to begin after t ho expiration of tho | foregoing terms. ' The etam ps made use of by him for forging wore ordore d to bo destroyed. The High Court of Justice, to which the sen- tence was rofsrrod'for revi'iaion, inoreased the Houso of Correction term f rom six to ten years but confirmod the rcmnindei \s' 