tJlk oh 'change. " I will bnjwith you, tell with you, talk with you. I —SHAK8PEAEE. " —Qumquam ridentem dicere verum Quid watt"—Horace. It has ben remarked of the late general election thi the rejections include some of the most able aid some of the least desirable candi dates, As ijasti&tions; of the first proposition, it is only ncessary to mention George Higin botham, Jtoes Service, and, with a difference, the A ttorjey-General. The corrupt, the ignorant, |he vacillating, the self- seeking Candida tespho are now out in the cold may be spared t|e mortification of further notice. The verdicjon 'Change is, that despite certain obviously iceptional cases, the personnel of the Assemly is better than that of its prede cessor. notoriously unfit representatives have givel place to others who, being untried, thy have some good in them, and who can b] no possibility be worse than those they have Replaced. The loss of Mr. Higin* botham is leplored universally, and by none is it more radily acknowledged than by those who have een politically opposed to many of his views J, Spotless in character, earnest, thoughtfulilearned, and eloquent—such men cannot be sated from their country's councils. There canbe no more valuable tribute to a thorough-gong politician of Mr. Higin botham's trie than to have won the respect of his opponents. And although Mr. H. has been rewhat sweeping in his denun ciations of iuercantile men, it will perhaps surprise hip to learn that on 'Change the expression jot regret at his absence from Parliaments general, if not universal. The mistake oftfr. Service was that he essayed to supplant pen who were the'exponents of views very fmilar tohisown.and whocertainly belonged tcthesameparty. It should be favour ably remembered of Mr. Service that he was an ableadministrator in the Lands'de partment, am that his determined action in threatening [the enforcement of the Orders in Council was the turning point winch afterwards led to a course of legislation oonducing to land settlement and culti vation. Wten Mr. Service found that his views were n. advance of his colleagues' he did not hesijafte to resign office. That men of opposite vjews have been returned to the new ABsemb^ is a happy circumstance. Just imagine the arpreme dulness of a Parliament in a condition of perfect agreement The quietole of the streets of Melbourne upon the day devoted to the election of the last batch was unprecedented. Bat for the movement of conveyances engaged in the work of carryhg voters to the poll, the city wore its Sunday aspect It speaks well for the healthiness of public feeling that the business of money-making was for once quite thrown aride, and that election business exclusively occupied the attention of the usual votaries of Mammon. At election times election stories are rife. That there was just a little personation at North Melbourne and Collingwood there are grounds for believing. Where the electoral rolls are long, personation may be possible. But such could not occur in small consti tuencies, if the returnin g-offi oer selects his deputies and poll-clerks judiciously. There is a reminisoence, quite good enough to be true, CE WIIIIWIWPIIWI 4.U1WO 5WA& «UVU(U w WW W«W) of a Kyneton election in the olden time, when party feeling Tan tot high. An oner* getic supporter of one of the candidates some* where about noon called the attention of one of the canvassers to an ally of the other can* didate, thus '.—Energetic Supporter—" Do you see that fellow? He has been in the booth voting three times already." Canvasser— "When didyou first Bee him go in,sirr E. S.— "About an hour ago." C.—"Oh, we've squared that I've voted myself six times since 9 o'clock, and here goes the seventh!" By 1 o'clock the whole electoral roll had been polled, and thetoidjfcfe ratepayers who came late conlflnt exercise the franchise at alL That returning-officer has not been asked to officiate since. Casting the memory back' to the Chartist riots, and the transportation of Frost and others to a penal colony, it is curious now to find the ballot (one of the main clauses in the charter) recommended to Parliament in the Queen's speech. Onoe again the little pilot-boat Victoria has sounded the channels and sand banks in advanoe for the three decker Britannia. Truly the philosophy of one period is tbooommon-senseof the next. I think that the ballot will do more to solvethe Irish difficulty than even the dis establishment of the Anglican Church. Clerical interference will be diminished, ■ although itmay not altogether cease. The secret vote will nullify priestly intervention, either Catholic or Protestant It will be difficult for ! ingenuity to devise better machinery for taking the poll than that adopted by this oountry. Even here, however, mistakes are made by voter* who .might be expected to know better. A reverend and learned pre at St Kflda,ha(Tthrust into his htmds a can. tawing card with the names of two candi dates, He dlsfrfm<ffiised hlmselfby dropping the bird wtoihe ballot box, and carrying hdme tl*votini&*rlnbD pocket ,v-; *?I ', " 'J'ptopfi of the elections, I have heard'' 'the bimoat annoyanoe expressed by'hitelM gent men at being asked by canvassers bow tbey intended to vote. They resented the inquiry as an outrage upon the principle of the ballot On the other hand, it is difficult to understand how a candidate is to reason ably estimate his chances of success without a canvass. And it is of course undesirable that useless contests Bhonld be carried on by candidates without the ghost of a chance The utter absurdity of some candidatures was abundantly illustrated on Thursday week. The quidunncs want to know if the Attorney-General means to resign his port folio. They ask who is to be first law-officer of the M'Culloch Cabinet They are anxious to be assured as to the retirement of Mr. Justice Williams, and the possible elevation of Mr. Michie. Q.C., to the judicial bench. There are hints that Mr. Casey means to con test the Speakership, for which the Collins street gossips say that Captain MacMahon has the best chance, even though Mr. Duffy, with his experience of the practice of the Imperial Parliament, be also an aspirant. It isn't safe to hazard tips until the new members shake together a little. That a good man battling with adversity is a sight for the gods is still, though old fashioned, a truism. There are methods of struggling which, however, are not edifying. When a man engaged in any business has through unavoidable misfortune succumbed —losing his own money and that of others it might be reasonably expected that he would comport himself modestly, and keep beyond the range of unkind criticism. There are men, however, who compromise for less amounts than they owe, or who, just after release from liability through the instru mentality of the Insolvent Court, outrage decency by Haunting their extravagance in the face of the entire community. They frequent the race-ground and the theatre, quite eclipsing by the splendour of equipage and costume those who have suffered loss at their bands. Of course the objection is a sentimental one, and therefore may fail to be appreciated by those who see no reason why they should not let the world know how suc cessfully tbey have circumvented their credi tors, and how substantially they have im proved their worldly position. I am not quite sure but that in a worldly point of view they are justifiable. Society is apt to accept a man at his own estimate, and there is no worse passport than a quiet admission of poverty. It isn't every man who would have the moral courage to advocate offensive odours. Dr. Livingstone, the Collingwood health officer and the champion of stinks, may be a delightful person in private life, but if his practice tally with his profession, he should be accommodated with a wholesome residence in the Darling-gardens, and be kept well to leeward in all weathers. Human nature, or at any rate civilised human nature, instinc tively recoils from bad smells, and in this we are safe enough in following nature's teach ings Supposing that decomposed matter was not actually injurious to health, still, its mere offensiveness is a sufficient reason for banishing it to a point distant from men's habitations. The number of men of ability and good social position who have been placed in the private mad-house of Mr. Harcourt at Richmond is really startling. It is suggested, and with some show of correctness, that there is a prevalent species of mental aberration which cannot be better designated than as "self- ex altation." Men suffering from it imagine that they are rich, clever, and almost omnipotent. They think that they are surrounded by lunatica inebriates, and oonspiratois. There are various theories propounded for the pre. valence of mental disease, beginning with the heat of the sun and ending with the brandy bottle. The experience of even the last twelve months in Collins-street is enough to furnish the Rechabites with a quiverful of arguments. Some of the cases are.distressing beyond measure. Even now I fear that there are more lunatics outside than within the walls of the asylums. The income of the Suez Canal Company last year was just short of a quarter of a mil lion sterling, and it requires about double this amount to pay the annual interest to the bondholders, ignoring altogether dividend on the paid- up capital. The canal is so important a national work that the countries whose shipping make use of it might with propriety take it over from private holders, adopting international regulations to prevent any one country being debarred from its use. Its waters should (subject to the payment of fees) be as cosmopolitan as those of the open ocean. Those malignant persons, Messrs. Wilson, Mackinnon, and Spowers, have been enter taining an army of editors, reporters, com positors—wives and families included—actu ated probably by purely sinister motives, for ore they not absentees ? (I don't know, how ever, that they are the only absentee news paper proprietors.) The clever speeches which sounded so very clever just after lunch seemed scarcely so brilliant next morning. The glowing metaphor, the flashing witticism, do not retain their brightness better than the dead dolphin the dazzling tints of Ufa. The prettiest sight was the young girls' foot race, and as they flew along the straight running with streaming hair, they resembled notiiiing so much as a rapid flight of bright plumagedhiida, A diffiOulty has arisen with regard to the prisonerstt the Beechworth asrizeewho were not tried, oaring to the illness of Judge Smyth. It appears that allthe prisoners who were com mitted for trial pleaded, iMt only two tried and sentenced* Then .the adjourn took plaoe, and the remaining prisoners were marched hack to lank; -frfrpd optolonalfob' been expreseed thai thestpexsqns km yrofc lawfullyineuitody thathavingpleaded,i were entitled either to trial or ditch toga only one lbs the poor are not so clever in finding the article when wanted. It is said, I believe correctly, that Mr. Wright, late general manager of the National Bank, and subsequently appointed to the management of the London branch, is on his way to Melbourne, with the intention of seeking compensation from the bank on the grounds that he was prevented by the Lon don directors from entering upon the duties of his office there. One of the most remarkable instances of good fortune in mining is that of a Sand burst resident who, sometime ago, accepted six shares in a now well-known company, in satisfaction of a doubtful debt of £45. He has just sold one of the six for £3,000, and at this rate his cheaply acquired interest is worth £16,000. I won't say that it Is illustrative of Jewish character, hut it is at least curious that Onkelos (mon oncle?), a learned Hebrew com mentator, argues that the eighth command ment, properly translated, is, "Thou 8halt not steal a man." It simply forbids, accord ing to Onkelos, the kidnapping of slaves. If I were one of those who considered that Jews were less particular in distinguishing between mine and thine than their Christian brethren, the limited character of this restriction might account for the liberality of their views in this respect. ^luLESi 