THE OLD YEAR AND THIS NEW. 1. In a nook of the ancient wool TJie old year stood ; And the dead-leaf song, As it whispered along, Sang a hymn to his praise, A dirge at the close of the Old Man's days. 11. And away to tbe West, Where spirits rest, The bells were muffled in solemn tone, That sobbed upon the air like a groan, For the year was dying; But in the East the golden chimes Were ringing high at the change of times, For the years were flying. in. Then in the sky a light-pulse beat, Startling Old Year in his lone retreat ; And nature was hushed to a breath Like Death ; For the King of Day was about to rise, (At whose foremost glance the Old Year dies), And with a moan, He wandered away to his grave — alone ! IV. Where are they who rejoiced at his birth. Who with garlands bedecked the crazy earth, Who drank to his health with many a cheer. Who praised the wealth of the new born Year ? They are yon 1er the same as a year ago, Praising the mighty —negleoting the low ! v. But now from out the rising sun, A rosy, gladsome youth did run, Till he come to * hat ultimate nook of the wood Where the Old Year stood, With his skeleton limbs and scanty locks, Like hoary lichens on rugged rocks, With his tear-brimmed eyes and haggard brow, With his hopeless Past — and his barren Now ; And with joy to the one.'- to the other tegret, The New Year aud Old Year met I VI. ' Glad boy,' the aged man did speak, In accents subdued, and broken, and weak, ' Thy joy is rain, for tears will come, And tears are the milestones of the tomb. I have seen the triumphs of earth decay, The glory of Empires to pass away ! Men slaying men, as if living to slay ! Loving forgotten ! hope turned to dismav ! Men in the turmoil and heat of life, Fainting beneath jhe unquenchable strife ! Hearts that have loved — neglected and cold ! Youth by misfortune made speedily old ! And what have I left ? I have Sorrow and Fear,' . ' And I have Hope,' said the glad New Year, VII. With a faltering step and tear-diramud eye, The Old Man wandered away to die, Away to the Islands far in the West, Where the wearied ghosts of the weary rest ; And the proud New Year amid sounds of joy, Will hasten along a gladsome boy, Till his limbs grow feeble, his locks tura grey, And he like his fathers shall p9ss away ; And bells will welcome with goldrn tone. The next New Year, while he dies alone! James Duvi/-p. 