nRi, D. G, STOBIE'S MEETING. ON Monday evoning the above-named candi dlate addressed the electors at the Mechanics' Institute, 13acchus Marsh. Therel wore about 100 persons present. On the motion of Messrs. E. Richardlson and t'. Carlton the chair was taken by MrI. J. E. Crook. The CmIn nuAN introduced the candidate as a firiend of his, and resident at B3lackwood, for thirteen years. He was sure that \Ir. Stobio would serve them fiithfhlly if elected. r. D. . Stron~ls, after expressing I his tihanks to the chairman ibr his warm intro dnction of him, said ihe was almost a residuet amongst them, for 3lackwood was only a few miles distant. The candidate thou alluded to the fact that this was not the first time he had addressed a B3acchus Marsh audience, as hie hadl delivered a lecture in the Institute some years ago. At tlhat time hle had no idea of aspiri?g to loeislative honours, but now he appleared boefore tem in )ro'opl apersona as a candidate for the Logislativo Assembly. lie should not be his own trumpeter as to his qualifications, but he must give them something by which tlhey could judge for themselves. He had been in the Govern mnnt service for thirteen years, and he had loeft it voluntarily because there was a pro spect of his being removed from Blackwood, to which he was tied by many interests. In past years he had assisted, in other places, to Iprocurie the passing of Captain Clarke's Municipal Bill, and at Prahran had received an address andl purse of sovereigns. HIe had helped to procure three bridges across the Ynrra, and was a prime mover in connection with the formation of the Boroondara Rload District, of th :Board of which he was elected a member. Ho alluded to these things to show that he was likely to be able to do good for them. At anyrato hae considered hle had as good a right to be an aspirant to represent them as anyone who had hitherto occupied that position. No one had a greater personal regard for thie threea old members than hle had, but lie did not see that they had done so much good that they had earned a prescrip tive right to sit in Parliament till doomsday. For one reason there should be a change, because legislation had dragged its slow length along in such a manner that measures which were in agitation when he came to the colony eighteen years ago were still in an unsettled state. He recollected the inimitable Barlow exhibiting at that time a gigantic key, lwhich lie said was to unlock the lands. That key had been in the hiands of our legislators ever since that time, and the work had not been accomplished, although cer tainly mluch had been clone towards it. He had always maintained that our Land Acts were delusive by being clogged with lawyer's rules and regulations, whichi had caused tihe Government Gazette to teem with fortfeituros. IMen had been allured by a sort of ignis fatuus to take up land without knowing the conditions they had to comply with. -He did not complain of these conditions altogethoer, but the State should not put an embargo upon a selector going into the money market in the usual way. Had the Government taken a practical view of matters, and establishod a loan find, he thought it would have conferrad a great benefit upon the selectors, and inflicted no harm upon the conimunity. He thought that the Govern ment would not run any risk in making advances to a selector from such a fund because always assuming that hlie occupied the land in a bona fide manner all the labour he had put on it would be ample security for the capital advanced. Admittmng that the prin ciple of the Land Act was good hlie said that it had been stultified by the non-adoption of some sauch system as lie had sketched. He would be in thvour of placing transferees in the position of original selecturs, He believed there was another matter in connection with the Land Act which had assumed a local shape. He alluded to the payment by some persons of the purchase money of their land, over and above the rent they had paid. He thought that common justice required the return of such excess of payments over £1 per acre. (Applause.) If the land question was finally disposed of it would have a magnetic influence in bringing to this colony population and capital. As to immigration hlie was not in favour of any large scheme to flood the labour market, but he believed that the market was not over-sutipplied, espeoially in agricultural districts, where, when the crops were inviting the sickle it was often difficul2t to procure men at a fair day's wage. IIe thought they would all approve of the continuance of' assisted family immigration. It seemed to him that there was something Ilprtioularly beneficent in that. 'he question of education was one of those which every general election brought forward to frighten candidates, like a Banquo's ghost. A oountry which has not an educated population cannot make a figure in history. Admittin$ that the State ought to be the parent of its people, and admitting that the young of this colony are not being educated as they should be, it follows that compulsory edrlucation is necessary. There may be some thling repulsive in this, but as a matter of affection and policy the State must stepin. He would malie every allowance for religions opinion in connection with eduention, and lihe saw no reason why the present system should not continue, with the grafting upon it of compulsory education. He did not approve of having a Minister of Education. There was no responsibility about such a man. -IHe is the mere breaouth of the IHouse. Ie mi'ht be in every way fit for the position, but tlien he might not, and hlie could scarcely avoid offending at least the prejudices of religious denominations. Therefore hie said let things remain as they are. (Applause.) The present Board of Education was composed of Individuals holding' different religious views, and they could not have a better guarantee than that of upright dealing. At the same time he would make the lBoard more directly responsible to Parliament. He approved of placing the teachlers under the Civil Service Act, because if there was one public servant moro than another who deserved well of the State it was the dominie. He would confess that hlie was a freetrader, but the country having elected to go in for protection he was quite prepared to further that resolve, Let us remove or make nominal all taxes upon articles of domestic consumption, and crude articles required for manufhctures, such for instance as tin for meat meat-preserving' comnpanies. (Applause.) He thought it was scarcely necessary fi'br him to state that he was a mining law reformer. He had already alluded to his miining speculationis, and he could tell them that loe hald, with others, taken up new ground filly six miles nearer Bacchus Marsh than any other workings, and he believed it would ultimately be a case of actual embrace between Blackwood and Bacohlus Marsh. He hand invested largoly in mining, and to an extent which, had ihe con teomplated it some years ago, he should have doubted his sanity. He had in this way ascortained that the regulations of tlhe MIin ing Statute were most abominable. IHe ivould abolish the miner's right, reduce the lease rent, andti remove all restrictions except those necessary to keep in check the Corner speculators, as opposed to the bone fide speculators. A MIining' on Private Property Bill had been promised iifrom ear to year by successive Ministries, but it 'had not been birought in, anti it looked like sham ming. It was simply needed that the prin ciplo of arbitration should be adopted. As to electoral representation, he thonght it should be based upon population-- acros of brain, not ofland. The wants of agriculture wore not attended to as they should be. We have technological schools and mining schools, and should have an institution to teach agricultural chemistry. Another admitted desideratum was a wvater sup)ply to equalnhiso the capriciousness of the seasons. H had no doubt that their Shire Council would take the work into its bands, and if he had the honour of being? elected he shoul be in fhvour of as large grants as the exchequer wvouldt allow. 'IThle desire on the part of some to make this colony neutral in time of war was so repugnant to his feelings as a native of a country whose deeds were emblazoned in history that he could not understand how it could Ihave entered the brain of any man. Tho enemy, as punishment for any such pusillanimous action on our part would pounce upon us directly. He thought that if each colony procured a "Corberus" the vessels could defend us from any enemy. He considered that an ocean steamship service was needed. In conclusion he could tell them that lie should be independent of parties or creeds, and if elected should endeavour to make himself thoronuo'hly acquainted with the wants of all parts of the district. (Applause.) In answer to questions, the candidato said that he would be in favour of having' a test system as one of the details of compulsory education, 1-n would disturb the present system of education as little as possible. He would be in fhvour of the permissive clause if hIe saw that it would undoubtedly improve the state of the liquor traffic. He was scarcely in favour of Mr. Vale's proposition in regard to punishing otffences upon children. Dr. IfAE moved, and MIr. SAUNDEORns seconded, a motion thanking the candidate for his address. Mr, CAIILTOx moved, and Mr. J. CON!ErrLL seconded, that MIr. Stobio is a fit and proper person to represent West B3ourke. The first motion was withdrawn, and the second one carried, but few people took the trouble to vote. The candidate returned thanks, and pro posed the vote of thanks to the Chairman, which having been carried with applause was briefly acknowledged. TIie above report omits much of the candi date's speech which was redundant., 