THE TALMUD AND THE GOSPEL. The Rev. Jobn Graham, on Thursday, the 5th instant, delivered a lecture on ' The Talmud and the GoBpel contrasted,' in the Congregational Church, Pitt- street. The lecturer briefly referred _ to some of the matters which he had discussed in his lecture on the Talmud, and contended that the points of resemblance between the Talmud and the Gospel were no more an argument against the divinity of the latter than were the similarities which existed between Judaism and Egyptian rites an argument against the divinity of the Mosaic law. It was rtnofiiMfi fhat flia stnvnrrilarfl nf fV»P Talmud Viar) hnrivftDail from the Gospel, but it was chronologically impossible that the Gospel could have been derived from the Talmud, seeing that the Mishna was not published until 150 years after the Gospel by Matthew, and the Gemara not until 300 or 400 years afterwards. Jesus did not claim originality, but he took the truths of the old dispensation and gave them a world-wide currency. The Gospels stood pre-eminently in contrast with the Talmud in that their great subject, Jesus Christ, claimed a relation to and a oneness with God, euch as pro phet or rabbi had never claimed before. He professed to come forth from God, and to speak only the words of God. He admitted divine worship to be paid to him while, as having come in the flesh, he acknowledged himself to be subordinate to God. Lowliness and exaltation, suffering and glory, the human and the divine, were strangely and separably combined in him; his birth, his baptism, bis niiracleB, his prophecy, his transfiguration, his crucifixion, bis resurrection and ascension, all appeared to harmonise with the unique mysterious being, who was emphatically the Son of Man and the Son of God. He was said to be a blasphemer, but he gave the purest faith that had ever blessed the world ; a fanatic, but he spoke truths so calm, deep, and sublime that they were the admiration of the most searching intellects that had ever instructed mankind. Jesus alone was absolutely stainless : in him we saw perfect piety without fanaticism, assurance without presumption, courage without rashness, caution without fear, zeal with out intolerance, humility without exaggeration or weak ness, firmness without severity, and absolute devotion to the interests of man while grandly robed in the claims of God. He breathed only 'he celestial breath of love — wide as tbe atmosphere, clear as the light, impartial as the dew. His love was the moral miracle of all time, the standard of all virtue, the reflection of the invisible God. It was the sim plicity, the symmetry, the perfection of moral goodness— a glorious rainbow standing out as the arch of promise against the sins of the world. The grand character of the Taln.ud was Eillel, in whom there were points of approxi mation to tbe character of Jesus, but also points of wonder ful divergence. Tho moBt remarkable characteristic ef Hillcl was gentleness, but bis meekness and his courtesy sometimes exceeded the bounds of truth. The teaching of Jesus contrasted with the Talmud in that it was worthy of God. The God of the Talmud was glorious compared to the gods of Greece and Rome, but far inferior to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. The lecturer illustrated this position by quotations from the Talmud as given in Aim's Modern Judaism, and he also very briefly alluded to tbe fables of the Behemoth, Lcviutban. Bcrukni, &c.; The New Testament contrasted with the Talmud in that it treated of the weightier matters of the law,— the justice, mercy, and love of God — while the Talmud was largely made up of puerilities and the petty details of a multiplicity of ritualistic and ceremonial observances. Another marked contrast was to be found in the grand simplicity and spiritual freedom of the Gospel. The kingdom of God was not meat and drink, not ecclesi astical robes or genuflexions, but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. Christianity contrasted with Rabbinism in that it ever worked towards the unification of the human race, while the latter tended to disrupt the unity of the race by the erroneous representations of the Talmud in reference to the souls of men before they come into the world, while they passed through it, and when they left it. The Talmud had stereotyped the tem porary separation of the Hebrew race into permanent isolation, and so far as the Jew was concerned had made a universal religion impossible. Jesus taught men to love not their neighbours merely, but their bitterest enemies, and He interceded for those who crucified him. The lecturer did not deny that there were benevolent maxims in the Talmud ; but he contended that, as compared with the influence of the Gospel, they were doing nothing to regene rate the world. The Talmud contrasted with the New Testament in its opposition to human progress. The Jews had progressed, but it was the spirit of Chistianity and not tbe traditions of the Rabbis that had compelled them to advance. The traditions of the Talmud inculcated servile faith in man ; and the twelfth article of the Jewish belief made their religion one of unprogressive finality. In conclusion, the lccturer urged that tho tianscendent glory ef Christ was this— that He met the three great wants of man in that He gave power, peace, and purity to conquer sin. The following selections from ' The Messiah' were sung at intervals by the choir, assisted by other friends, ana conducted by Herr Carl Schmitt:— Chorue — And the Glory of the Lord ; He trusted in God ; Chorus — Lift up your heads : Soprano Aria — I know that my Redeemer liveth ; Chorus — Behold the Lamb ; Aria Basso— Why do the nations ; Chorus— Hallelujah. The proceeds of the lecture are to be given towards building the new schoolrooms. 