NOTABLE DAYS IN MAY. I Ascension Day has beon observed as such from ' 1 the orirliest times, and mere "atteintiori has' been I paid to it'iri -the Church of England of; late I years than used to bo tho cash but. t.Wn aim great room for iinprovomont.' -It is- "a day tho observation of which - greatly helps us to realiso the connection between the Church On earth I arid tlie Church in heaven ; to impress upon iis the Scripture doctririo that our Head is in I heaven, and. riot 'hi Roriio, or' at Windsor,' or anywhorq olso on earth ; ' and that Ho Will so j como again in like manner as' He was seen' to go into Heaven. This, with Whitsun Monday and I Tuesday, although appointed to Be observed I for this purpose, aro only too commonly pro faned by-being made tho most unholy . times of the year with drunkenness and - debauchery. Any times are'bad for this" ; but how shocking it is that the world, the flesh, and tho dovil should choose such. lioly times las' Christmas and Whitsuritido' to 'flaunt thotriSel ves1 with tho poiuest enrontoi j Tliis wetild riot be the' case I if people would only think 'What 'tho& 'seasons j mean—that tho one tells us of tho Birth of Jesus I 9hrist> WBo came to save His people from their I siris ; and that tlio othor tolls 'us of tlio coming j of tho Holy Ghost to us to inako us holy. Let I us only recollect these things, and wo shall find I that they will really help to ansiver the purpose ! for which thoy are appointed— to giiido us in the right way,,' which lead eth to' everlasting life. AWiitsun Monday this year falls upon May 2ff, Restoration Day as it is called, tlie day upon wliioh King Charles II. entored London iri 16G0, on the ro-ostablishment of royalty. Oak leaves and oak applos ai'o worn on this day in remembrance of this event ; and in somo coun-. try villages a very pretty effect is piroduced by setting up a creon 'oakFoui/h .-it evkrv man's I door, a whole street of white cottages'! being I thus turned for tho nonco into a grovo of green I leaves. -'The oak is chosen for this purposu on I account of tho king having concealed liilnself in J one for. four-and-twenty hours, after the .battle I of Worcester, which took place' oil' September 3, I Hum years before. Ho'saw several soldiers pass I under the treo in which ho was perched, and heard some of thom say .how they should liko I to catch hini. It is a common mistake'to think I that May 29 was the day on which he hid in tlio 1 oak-tred'; but, 'as stritod'ahovo, this took place f lti Sfintfllnhnw 'ft +imn lull on n'nl, lltirtfrrili l , V- ViWV AUtVVUO «UU Wllbnut I than thoy generally aro' in' May ; indeed, they. | are sometimes so lato as not' to aiford enough I grepq to stick in one's hat, under which oifcuni- ( stances potato leaves nrp occasionally oinployod as a substitute. Tho ktog wroto on account of his escape, from which'we givo tho following ex- I tract dospribing tho disguise which he woro when I traveling with tlio Pondofiils, ' who sheltered J him iii thoir houso" rind onk-treo r— " Ho Wore a I V?ry Krpa8y old grey stebplo-crownod liat, with tlio briiri'tririicd up, without liriirig'pv hatband j a green clotlj coat, . threadbare o veri' to tlio threads being worii ivliite, and broechcs of tlio' same, with long Jfnoos 4owuto tho.gartor i wjth an olcj leather doiihlot. a, pqir.qf whitp floripol stockings jio'xt to hip 'logs, 'which tjio iqng said, were Mb boot-stockinss. thoir tons bbinu out off to provont their boirig discovered ' and ripen them a pair of oldgroon yarn stockings'ull wbrii and durnod at tho krices, with tlioir feet cut off.; his shoes woro old, ull 'slashed for tho easo of his feot, and full of gravel ; he had an eld coarse shirt, patched both at tho nook pud hands ; ho had no gloves,, Brit' a long thorii stick/ not very strong, but crookpd throe or four sovoynl \vays, ill liis hand ; his liair cut 'short up to the carp, and bauds coloured, his majesty refusing to hayp "ly gloves whon Father Hodiestbne 'offered' liiin some, as also to' clmngo liis Btiok.'' — People 3 iragaifinu, ' '' ' : 