ITALY. AMERICAN'S RECEIVED BY THE ?;=? ^ POPE. A letter from Eome in the Osservatore Cat tollico of Milan says, that the Pope lately re ceived a company of American visitors to the number of over 200. Around his Holiness stood Cardinals Patrizi, Aniat, Barnabo, Guidi, and Bonaparte, with many prelates. The visitors were spoken to separately, to _ 1. .Li -r» i ? i -i . -i ? ' i uacu. me jropo gave nis nana to kiss ; ana then returning to the throne he addressed them in a short speech which was brief but very impressive. He said: — 'The present season calls on us specially to meditate on the Passion of our Lord. He suffered and UXlsU. iVAL CW.J. , iW JUUl, J^iUlUJJCtUUO, i(Ji jUU. Americans ; before Him there is no distinc tion, of peoples. But do we all enjoy the fruits of His merits ? To you Americans the Lord has given in large measure all the good things of the earth ; you have the fervour of industry, and of commerce,, and all the arts that are useful to life ; to you belongs a soil fertile and boundless, and at the same time you have such a- spirit of union amongst your selves that your power is ever on the increase. But you have desires that go beyond all these things. Some years ago it happened to me to read a book written by an Irishman who has a celebrated name, Thomas Moore. It was entitled Travels in Search of Religion. Well, do you make these travels ? You may do it without traversing seas or mountains. You have only to descend into your own hearts, to examine, enquire, and reflect. If you search with a mind free from prejudice, you shall find the truth. That you may do so I invoke upon you the Divine blessing. I impart to you in the name of the Father, the Author of all Good, of the Son Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ who died for us all, and of the Holy Ghost, who will grant you the light to know, and the strength to em brace the truth. Benedictio Dei Oninvpo tentis, &c.;' Victor Emmanuel has signed a decree onnofirirnnor fliA fi.Tvmwnvi n.ti mi nf 12 OonVfintS to the use of Government offices. Prince Doria and Duke Mario Massimo have in con sequence given their resignation as members of the Giunta. Count Spada and Samuele Alatri are doing the same, the latter on account of the ruinous expenses the members of the Giunta are likely to be called on to incur, and the very uncertain pecuniary returns. 