OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. j TUESDAY, JANUARY 17. 'Now that the mail has arrived and set at rest for thc »resent all our fears in regard to a war with Russia and America, or either of them, the disso- lution of tho Assembly will no doubt be forth- with gazetted, and tho election campaign will «ommencc in real earnest 'The plentiful supply .of new candidates everywhere has had the eftect cf forcing two or three of the old members into the field lest others should steal a march upon them ; but there have as yet been no Ministerial ¡ utterances, and therefore the chief speakers on i the Opposition side are shy of committing them «elves. It is understood, however, that Sir J ames ¿'Culloch will open the ball in a few days at Mornington, while tho Attorney-General, _ Mr. Michie, will proceed to enlighten the Gipps hmdcrs, to whom he has transferred his affections -leaving Ballarat (which returned him last time) to the crowd of local aspirants to the position of representative. The last short session afforded a remarkable exhibition of the power of a strong Ministry. Thc declared opponents of the Government made such a miserable show that there were seldom more than two or three members on the benches usually occupied by tho leaders of the Opposi- tion. The " old hat" party, who were cherishing in their secret hearts a deadly resentment against Sir James M'Culloch for leaving them out of his restored Cabinet, still sat about thc Ministerial tide of the ilouse, biding their time ; and tho Constitutionalists, not willing to ally themselves with tho ghost ot an Opposition that had taken possession oí the left-hand beuclies, had disposed ol themselves below the gangway, some on the onè sicle of the House, and some on tho other. Now, however, it is understood that there is to he no moro dissembling on the part of the loft off colleagues of Sir Janies, but- that all whom he did not consider ' good enough 'to bring back with him to power are to show him that this want of discernment on his part is incompatible with any lurthcr con- tinuance of their confidence in him as a Chief Secretary and a statesman. Thus the future Opposition is to consist-firstly, ol' the Macpher- son Ministry minus Mr. Macpherson ; and secondly, of tho former M'Culloch Ministry, minus two or three of the leading members. These two factions hate each other as cordially as can be desired, but they have a common enmity against the mau who consigned them both to the cold shades of opposition, and that is enough. With these will be allied the ultra- Protectionists, in fact the latter will merge pretty freely into one or other of the two former, and the Con- stitutionalists will probably have to stand between the Ministry and both classes of ultras in order to preserve something like good and respectable government. The Ministry will at all events be in little danger from all tho foes that are likely to bu confronted by them in the new Assembly. The arrival of the Queen of the Thames, steam- ship, had been looked for during the past fort- night, as according to previous advices she was to have sailed about the lflth November. The non receipt of mail telegrams with the month's budget of news imparted a very considerable degree of interest to tho details brought by tho English files on board of the Queen of the Thames to the 20th November, and these extracts had the effect of greatly allaying anxiety in regard to the apprehended involvement of England, with either Ilussia or America, especi- ally the latter country. Having the ipsissima verba of Prince Gortschakoff before us, we were in a better position to judge of the supposed im- minence of a rupture with his Government ; and as to the Alabama claims, and the threats of America, there really appeared to be be very little that was new. Some of tho incidents of tlie Franco-Prussian war we had the opportunity of reading, in anticipation of the arrival of the Avoca's papers, but these glimpses of the state of matters in Prance only serve to confirm previous impressions as far as the hopelessness of the French cause was concerned. The " Queen of the Thames " has been regarded as an arant-courier of the proposed steam service by way of the Cape of Good Hope, and thc Press generally seem to regard the experiment as a suc- cess. She has not accomplished the run in forty five days, as some people predicted, but she has niade a splendid run of hf ty-live days and a few hours, including about three days' stoppages on the way. The voyage extended over 12,321 knots, which were done at an average of ten knots the hour-the run from the Sound being made iii the unprecedentedly quick time of 113 hours. She is a magnificent vessel, and is spokeu of by her pas- sengers as^ one of the best and mo:t comfortable ships afloat.; Some of her officers aro well known in Melbourne and Sydney, having been trans- ferred from Australian ships. Considerable inte- rest, attached to the fact that the Queen of the Thames'was fitted with compound engines on the newest,' principle, including Skinner's patent steering apparatus. Mr. Francis referred to this in Parliament as one reason why we should not commit ourselves to' any now postal service uutil we saw the capabilities of these engines tested. She is said to'consume à good deal less coal than steam ships of the same size fitted with the ordi- nary -engines, lier tonnage is 2G00, and the engines of 400 horse power. Thc consumption of coals js said to have been at the rate of 20 tons per diiy.; , Whether the advent of this vessel will give new vigour to the Capo route project or not, can scarcely be predicted. She will, however, undoubtedly add somewhat to the data already to hand on which to deal with the question. Thc excuse often made for the conduct of con- stituencies in returning unsuitable men to Par- liament has been that really eligible men have not been available. The Payment of Members' Act appears, at all events, to be removing this diffi- culty ; for, although it-is impossible to speak in terms of admiration of some of tho persons who are eager for the honour and the pay of a popular representative, yet it cannot bo denied that amongst the luxuriant crop of candidates whose heads have already appeared above the surface there is a . moro than ordinary number of men of; intelligence and character. Under these circumstances (as the Arqus pointed out a few days; ago) it is now less tho candidate than the constituency that is upon trial, as to the manner, in which the trust reposed in the latter will be fulfilled. Tho country has now conferred upon every constituency the power of appropriating £900 per man for its representatives (assuming that the Parliament will last for three years), and if they aro not limited iii their choice to corrupt or incapable candidates, they should be held responsible for the manner of men they select. We shall see whether this kind of moral responsibility has any practical recognition on the part of the constituencies. 'Our defensive works have been proceeding with, considerable vigour, although very quietly, and nearly the whole of our heavy guns are now m position. It appears that our military authorities are not in favour of utilising the 32 pounders for the batteries, so that our stock of these., and other guns of small calibre remain in reserve. Wo haye not, in fact, mounted all our (CV\ .ba?1Ip!e torpedoes have been n a uilactured in Melbourne, which seem likely i u be efectivo and a complete torpedo service ' lor the harbour will shortly bo arranged. Phill-1' £a my attempt at »ivnaion by Port wL'P"3' 18 "confcenied w> shall probably .have little cause to fear, and it is only bv the harbour that wp have hitherto considered that any banger existed. A reverend Presbyterian intcer, of Ballarat, has, however, done a good «cai to create apprehension as to the possibility lip Wf at.tílCn lrülu a s,lla11 anllv of invader* ïûÂV° 'r 0 Papf t0 sußSeat how easy it Wei. í?raí°«» of 6000 men, armed with W?i?s n,!cs alld a fair Proportion of artil Zll?, land,J1?on '"'J' part of our coast and march upon Melbourne, and then, he asks what chance won kl 3000 ¡nen armed with muzzleloadera ilin I ii aU he t,hlnka we could ln»ster) have conJM* m° breechIoader3 ? He therefore considera that we want at least 15,000 men armed ?with. tiie-Martini-Hcnry, or some eanally efficient rifle, and thoroughly trained to the nso of the weapon, and that with a less numerous force we should be powerless against an invader. Thia gentleman, however, loses sight of the fact that any such force as he speaks of, lauding wo will say at Western Port, or Portland, would be so decimated before they could reach Melbourne that if they once got into tho city they would have but small chance of getting out again, or of falling back with safety upon the transports from which they had landed. / Our friendly Intercolonial contests appear to be going altogether against our Sydney friends this season. At chess, at cricket, and at boating we had previously como off victors, and now wo have won the rifle match. At the same time there is nothing in it to boast of, for the numbers were exceedingly close, and wo cannot forget that the challenge shield is irrevocably the property of Sydney, and that at present thero is nothing else ol a substantial kind to reward the victors. It is to be regretted that the firing could not be at the same targets, for any other arrangement must fail in the essential requisite of equality. Ou this occasion, however, to all appearance, tho inequality was altogether adverse to tho Vic- torians. Tho Sydney men had fine weather at Paddington, while the Victorians had ono of thc worst days of the season, heavy squalls of wind and rain beating across their range during the whole of the firing, and most of them were shooting on ground as strango to them as that of another colony, for our Melbourne and Suburban marksmen are not often at Castlemaine, where the firing came oiK lt is extremely gratifying to find such splendid scores made on both sides, at a time when additional importance seems to attach to the keeping alive the ardour of our Volunteer com- panies, for after all it is to the men that we must primarily look for an eilectivo defence of our shores, although good weapons are also essential to success. ... .^The Russian complication about the neutrality of the Black Sea has forced upon some of our politicians a train of thought in reference to our federation schemes which had not perhaps before occurred to them. In some quarters it has been urged that the first step even before separation should bo tho neutralisation of the colonies in time of war; and there are'some who still believe in the possibility of some such arrangement; but the present state of matters in Europe in connection with the treaty for the neutralisation of tho Euxine seems to show that the peace of tho neutralised waters may bo broken very readily, and that it would not do to trust implicitly to any compact for the isolation of Sydney, Mel- bourne, and Adelaide while war raged around us. Thero seems, in fact, to be no middle course between continuing a part of the great British Empire with all its responsibilities and its advan- tages, and becoming petty helpless States, liable to be bullied on any pretext, or punished for some accidental or unintentional provocation of a great fighting Power. 