To the Editor of the Church of England Messenger. Sir — Being desirous that the accompanying letter .should be read by as many as possible of the faithful servants of Christ, I shall feel much obliged if you will kindly insert it in next number. — I am, Sir, . your servant in Christ, C. Melbourne. To the Ministei'S of Christ, .and all iv7io love the Lord in Victoria. My Dear, Brethren— The office which I have so long held of chief pastor in one of pur principal churches, and the Christian fellowship which I have enjoyed with so many ministers and members of other churches, will, I trust, in your estimation, exculpate me from pre sumption in addressing you upon a subject which weighs heavily upon my heart, and in which, I believe, the glory of our God and Saviour, and the well-being of our colony, are deeply concerned. I. allude, as you will doubtless have already conjectured, to the educa tion of the young; the importance of which, for the formation of our national character, and for the maintenance of, religion and piety among us as a people, you will all, I am surer readily acknowledge. Let, me then entreat you at this crisisi: when Parliament is again called upon to pass a bill for regulating the /instruction of the people, to give the matter your careful consideration. 'Such a request, I am aware, implies that you have not, : as yet, done this ; and I frankly own that I do not think you have. . . - V Jb'or 1 nnclit impossible to believe that ;so many who value the knowledge of the Bible for themselves could, if they had. duly re flected upon the consequences, advocate any system of education which . must necessarily, in a large number of instances occasion the ex clusion from our schools of all instruction in the sacred volume, and all its enlightening and purifying influence upon the mind and heart. Other objections against a, system of state- education may be alleged in argument with politicians ; but with Christian men and Christian women, this if they once realise it will be paramount. But why. do I write this to you? Because I know (and I appeal to all who have any general acquaintance with our common schools, especially our vested common schools, as witnesses to the fact) that the system which has been established by the state in Victoria, and which is supported by many of yourselves, does practically render the religious training of our youth in the majority of its schools impossible. In saying this I do not mean, as I am reported to have been understood, that all our teachers and local committees are indifferent to religion, bub only that as a matter of fact both the one and the other for the most part pay no attention whatever to the subject. There are ex ceptional cases, but these are very rare. Nor is such a result to be wondered at, or to be ascribed to the negligence of individuals, whether ministers of the gospel or others. It is the necessary consequence of a system which ignores religion as an element of education, and places the management of its schools in the hands of committees, the one essential qualification of which, in the case of vested schools, is that all the differences of belief which exist among us shall be duly re presented in them. They can therefore work harmoniously only by keeping religion altogether out of sight. This is now done, and always will be done (save in a few exceptional instances) in state established schools; and hence it would seem necessarily to follow that if a state system, such as now exists, or any similar one, be per- ' :. petuated in Victoria, the great bulk of the people must, humanly speaking, become in a few generations, if not wholly ignorant, yet utterly heedless of the truths and precepts, the promises and threat enings, of Christianity. Our particular churches may gather into each its little company, ' more or less numerous, of members ; but the mass of the population will be, through their irreligious education, out of the reach of any church. If, indeed, the circumstances of Victoria permitted the establishment of a state-system such as that of Prussia, in which religious instruction and influence were not only sanctioned but secured, something might be said on its behalf. But no such system could be introduced here. If we have any state-system, it must be some modification of that now established in America, and all reliable testimony concerning its results proves that it has produced just the baneful fruit which was to be anticipated from it. Another result of an established state- system of education to which I would direct your attention is, that it prevents earnest Christians, men and women, from exercising the influence which they ought and otherwise would exert in the training of the young. Many who have more or less of worldly wealth would gladly contribute a portion of it to provide for the bringing up of the children of their poorer neighbours in the nurture and admonition of the Lord; but a state system deprives them of this their rightful privilege. Many again, who have the love of God shed abroad in their hearts by the Holy Ghost, would delight in devoting themselves to the work of teaching, if with the giving of secular instruction an opportunity were afforded them of feeding the lambs of Christ's flock with spiritual food : but a state-system forbids this also. Surely, so to restrain the exercise of Christian love is wilfully to reject one of the most effectual means which God has ordained for the evangelisation of a people. But if the pernicious effect of our state-education be, as it appears to me, so manifest, what explanation can be given of ib being approved . by so many intelligent, earnest Christians 1 none other that I can dis cover except that the phantom of denominationalism has scared their minds. The cry raised by the public press, and echoed not only by the ungodly, but by many of the Lord's own people, is — ' We will have a national and not a denominational system of cducatiou ;' as though we were compelled to choose between the two, and if we did not adopt the one, must take the other. But no such alternative is'fofced upon us. We need not have either. We may,1 as I have pointed out in. my letters to the Argus, allow all persons individually, and. every body of persons collectively, to exercise their own discre tion with a perfect freedom, both in the establishment of schools and in the preference of one school to another ; and why should we, who are fellow-servants of the same Lord, shrink from allowing to one another, and to all men, such a discretion. Many and great as are the evils occasioned by our unhappy divisions, I shall esteem it to be.tlte greatest of all, if, because of them, we consent to the usurpa tion by the state of an authority to compel the people (for it does virtually compel them) to have their children educated in such a manner, and by such teachers, as it, and it alone, directly or indirectly shall appoint. My brethren, a solemn responsibility at this time rests upon us all. On the one hand, God has bestowed upon Victoria great spiritual privileges ; and on the other hand, the Church of Christ here has great difficulties to contend with. Perhaps in no part of the British Empire are to be found, in proportion to the population, so many faithful and earnest ministers, and other servants of Christ ; and yet, from the manner in which the population is distributed over the country, there are few in which exists so great a destitution of the public means of grace. A very large number of our people never have an opportunity of joining in common prayer, or hearing the word of God preached, or partaking of the holy communion. There is therefore a special obligation upon us to see that to these privations there be not added the impossibility of procuring religious instruc tion for their children. What God has already done on our behalf may encourage us, if we be mindful of our duty toward Him and toward our dispersed fellow-colonists, to hope that He will yet do more, and enable us to establish the Church (I speak not of this or that particular church, but of the Church of Christ) throughout the length and breadth of the land. But if— instead of endeavouring, by all the means in our power, to promote both in old and young the knowledge and love of God our Saviour — we assist or silently allow the state to debar children from receiving a Christian education, we shall provoke God to hide his face from us, and we shall be troubled ; we shall compel Him, since He cannot draw us to Himself by his mer cies, to afflict us with his judgments. I confess that, in the pros pect of a. generation educated in our state-schools, I tremble for Victoria. Forgive me, my brethren, if I seem to have expressed myself too dogmatically. A man who feels, as I. do in this matter, that the question is one of life or death — and who is afraid, as I am, that the decision will issue in death, the spiritual death of a people — cannot but speak and write strongly. May God grant that my fear may prove groundless.— Your faithful brother and servant in Christ, Mount Hope, May 3, 1871. C. Melbourne. 