' LECTURE. On Friday evening last, at the Town Hall, the Rev J. S. Moir delivered his promised, lecture in aid of the Presbyterian Church building fund. The subject^—"The Position and Prospects of the . Aborigines of 'Viotoria''—was one With which the inhabitants of pur border ,town are all more or less. familiar, nevertheless the rev lecturer was listened to by an attentive gathering of some 200 persons. The Mayor (Mr Luth) occupied the chair. Mr Moir, in introducing his iecture, briefly referred to the traditions which have been banded down amongst the blackfellows, with'reference to their origin and settlement, in Australia; these, however, were shrouded in mystery, ..so .that nothing beyond a probable conjecture could be tft-rived at. He showed that during the last 35 years the aborigines in Victoria bad decreased.,by upwards of 20,000, and he a^ciibed this wholesale devastation to the change.from the primitive living of the blacks to ,the.- diet, clotbingj and habits introduced by Europeaus. The use of intoxicating drinks and the communication of loathsome and fatal' d-iseaaes by the more immoral' of tbe whites were said to have carried to an nn • timely grave the great majority of those of the aborigines whose names and. forms are now unknown to us; but there was'yet another cause-' over which the lecturer would willingly have; drawn the vail of oblivion^ were it not that justice demanded the fearless assertion—namely, tbe practice which prevailed among the- earlier Bettlerrpf shooting them down like wild beasts or laying poisoned baits as for dogs Mr Moir here ably staled the case on both sides; allowing that ti:e whites were provoked, and tlmt "savages were savages" all over the world,.'there werfe, yet equities on tbe side of. tbe blacks which-could! not be overlooked, and which the lecturer did not fail to portray, showing that the extinction o£ . the aborigines had not so far progressed without great cause for humiliation to all the Europeans' concerned. After dwelling for soine time upoa the religious superstition* of the blacks, acd their., traditious of a good higher being and an evil' higher being—concerning tbe latter.ot whom they seemed to know more, and stood iu gfeatert(£ffi§. of his power than the former—Mr Moir gav£ a very truthful sketch of a native corpaboree, and T 5 proceeded to consider whether this wild dance was to be looked upon as a religious' observance or simply a mode of amusement. Tbe most probable theory appeared to be that corroboreea were got up forthe purpose of appeasing "Ngatza," the evil higher being. Gunta tialla is tbe blackfellow's horrible place, analogous to the Christian .' conception of hell. Tbe poor creatures had a great horror of this place, and " a oonsciencestricken wretch whose bands bad been imbrued | in a dark brother's blood, may be met, sitting. I like the stricken deer, alone, weeping miserably, | at tbe thought of being driven after dark into GanuGulla." Such aa instance bad come within the lecturer's personal observation. AmongBt the abotigiues " the doctor" was the greatest mau, before whom all the others in the tribe were wont to quail. His diploma was earned by performing prodigious teats of strength or valor, aud by doin'^ ■ some unusual or ingenious act, or by an apparently miraculous escape from accidentol danger, and by being a great .and mngiiijoquc ri t talker. After citing many instances illustrative of tbe superstitious belief of tbe blacks' in ihe power of the doctor, and treating of many o'her matters connected with the past mode of lile of the aborigines in Victoria, the lecturer came td' the importaut question—as au equivalent for their land, what is tlie (Juvernmenfldoiiig f >r their welfare, aud what is the Christian confmunity doing for their spirituu! and eternal interest ? To the first enquiry Mr Moir bears testimony that " nowadays at least, the Government is doing everything that lies in its power for 1hi9 Iongnegleoted and down-trodden raceand iu answer to the second, he entered into a lengthy but interesting detail of the missionary efforts that have from time to time beeu put forth, and that are at present "heing made, to instil into the' benighted minds of the natives the blessed and comforting truths of the Gospel of Jesus, and; related iustaii6es of the good that bad been ellecled in spitfc of the generally disheartening | results of years of devoted toil. We append onu of tfie many pleasing auecdotes related by Mr Moir iu tbe course of bis lecture. It was given as au instauce of tbe credulity and natural in( geuuity of the blacks. At the Wimmera Missioa1 Station one of the blacks, King Peter, came to' the missionary and asked for pen, ink, und paper.' This being duly brought, tbe missionary wag' desired to squat down on the grass beside the. king. 11 Now, Mr Hageuauer,"' said the king,' I write you letter." Tue poor fellow made certain curious scroll? on tbe paper, then lilted it up, and read with great sang jroid as follows:—"Mr Hageuauer, King Feter is « poor fellow—you know that. Him want sugar; give bim shilling,' that all." The missionary, entering into the joke, said, " Peter, you can't read. Give it to me auU I wdl read it for you." He then rend with apparent care and some sligtit" hesitation, " Mr Hageuauer, King Peter is a poor fellow; he wants a shilling; he will buy branny, and tumble down,: and policeman will take him to gaol—that's all." "Is it?" said the astonished king, " oh, that no' good ; me write another letter." He did bo, and read to exactly the Bame effect as before'.' The mis ionary tl;ea took the letier aod rear', " King-Peter is o poor fellow ; lie wants sugar. He muBt come with me tj my plate; 'he' shall^fet plenty, sugar and tea, and flour fa id bacca—that's all." " That's better," said th« sab e king, and looked at his own second letter with joyful astonishment, wondering, no doubt, how the missionary extracted such comforting intelligence from his crooked scrawl. The ^lecturer concluded by pressing upon his hearers one grand consideration which should not b^osj sight of—that .God has placed us white people in the position to mightily affect, for good or e"vil, the poor perishing heathen. Coming from a Christian tfountry, we bear the 'name of Christ, who commanded his disciples to teach all nations, baptizing in the name of the Father, of the Son,- and ol the>Holy Ghost. A few . short years, and not a black face will- be seen ' among us, till we all meet again around the great white throne of God.- . The Rev Mr John9tone proposed, and Mr D.' ' Matthews seconded, a vote of thanks to the lecturer, and. Air Mackintosh proposed, and Mr.' . Moir seconded, a vote of thanks to the chairman* both of which were carried with acclamation, and • the meeting closed. _ . .. . Wabning ioPublicans.—A case of iraportauca lo publicans was decided on Friday last by the , ,, Eaglehawk Police Court. William Nicholson, a working man, summoned Tuomas Naylor, landlord of the Town Ilall Hotelpfor the illegal ° detention 01; goods, consisting of household 'furniture, bedding, and' clothes, &c.;, valued at £4'. Tbi« property had beeu detained on account ot a debt of £2 -l-©», alleged to' be due to Naylor by Nicholson, under the score of "money'lent and ' refreshments." Naylor got poesessibn whilst Nicholson had a difference wiApfcid wife, and had ; ■ 1 detained them ever sitiee. The-consequence was that on Nicholson returning to livij with -his wjfe • again he found he had no bedding or furniture. For tbe defendant it was urged that !be goods were held as security for the'debt. .Mr Go§don,' : P.M.., said a publioan had no right to take away from a working man the things necessary for the comfort of himself and his faniily on the plea that i debt was owing to him. The statement that ' . there was a debt in this case hauTidt been proved; there was not a bill of particulars, a circumstance . which seemed very strange. He' thought if a publican was allowed to take all the property of his creditors for drink there would be a very bad state of things; and he would state by way of warning that, in future; publicans who acted in that manner might expect their licenses would be refused. The bench made an order for immediate restitution of the articles, in default navmant n# their value by distress. —Bcndigo Advertiser. 