TA'BLti-TA.LK. 1 What T think I utter; find spend my malice, in my broatb." CoRIOLAHUa. Likk in the Fijis must bo rather warm work. " Well, old fellow, how diil you like Ilay 1" I a3kcd a friend just returned from the Show at that promising city of the plains. " Hay, Sir ! don't know it—eall it Hades." Hot as Hay, is, I am told, likely to be the now version of a familiar sayiiig amongst Mur rumbidgco men after the experience of last weok. Fortunately, however, for life in Hay, it isn't always Show-time, whereas in Fiji it always is—minus tho Show. Con sidering how thoy scorn to '1 rack their constitutions " in those happy isles, it is no wouder that tho philanthropic Burt was moved to give them a new one. A " Sydney man" is giving his experience of Fiji social life in tho Umpire just now, and this is how ho do3cribes tho day's doings in that lively land :—" There is something very hnrrassing in knowing that, alter a day's toil, you cannot have any rest before midnight, or oven later than that; and that every article you possess must be carefully locked up if you expect to retain it; and that Sunday is no moro respected than Monday or Tuesday—dice and billiard-balls rattling from morning to midnight. Men who otherwise would rather not tako any strong drink in the morning are importuned by friends till thoy have imbibed 'nip' after nip ;'then it naturally | follows another must shout again and again, and in many instances the result is a racking headache and a lighter purse—and this before lunch ! There is no retreat—110 privacy— 110 approach to home comfort—no intellectual j amusement or conversation — no rational discussion—nothing but petty grievances, unseemly quarrels, slander and envious re ports, and drink, drink, drink." It is hor rible, of course, most horrible, this dreadful picture of drunken, rowdy, foul-mouthed Alsatia, and the printers can " keep it standing" if thoy like for the next race meeting. They do, however, seem to under stand how to do some things in Fiji. Herp/ is a description of fcWir Sfc TaVicVs Dii;' dinnerit'was, for the place, quite a grand aflair, and after tho cloth had boon removed nothing but champagne was per mitted to be consumed, Hot and furious were the speeches, but every thing went as smoothly as clockwork ; not a word of per sonal acrimony was uttered, and, strange to relate, St, Patrick's dinner finished at 4 o'clock the next morning without even an attempt to have a row ; but then that was tho most select party I ever saw in Levuka, except in family circles. One of tho enter tainers took it into his hoad, just before the. last guest departed, to count how many bottles of champagne had been emptied (this somewhere about 4,40 a.m. oil the 18th), and lo ! ho ranged up an the counter not less than seventy- eight! Seventy-eight among fivo-and-twenty diners, two or three of whom went away directly dinner was over ! 'Tis not so bad for Levuka." Certainly not, con sidering the child's age and the probable quality of tho "champagne but, 0, Levuka, you have evidently much to learn. Fancy having a dinner or a spree of any kind and six dozen of champagne, and not a solitary row—not even an attempt at one ! What a waste of opportunity and empty bottles. Then, again, there is their delicato treat ment of women.' What can be more beautiful than this, which is the Levukan idea of tlio "companionship of woman"—it is "a curb on men's passions, and tho excesses which so often degrade the inebriated brute aro pre vented by tho mere presence of one of tho weaker sex"—except this, which is tho Levukan reduction of the same idea to prac tice :—"There is probably in Levuka not one unmarried woman to fifteen bachelors, and tho inducements for a young female to go thither, although in a pecuniary point of view superior to any in the colonies, are not en couraging, for she is almost- sure, should she chose to take a walk alone or in company with a gentleman, to bo loudly sneered and jeered at by thoso idlers who at all times congregato on the beach ; and her eare be made to tingle with indignation byinuendoes, often as coarse as their uttorers. This sort of thing must bo borne with in the Fijis, it being 'too dastardly to deserve punish ment.'" Observe that lastgraphiotoucli—tho chivalrous spirit is so high in Fiji that it will not degrade a woman oven by kicking the ruffian who insults her! I have only to add that tho faculty of lying is strongly developed in Levuka, that "gossip in its worst form has a fast hold on every section of tho com munity;" but that "this can hardly bo wondered at in a placo whero many of the men have no characfcor to loso, while otliors have become callous as to tho stories circu lated about them." Happy Lovuka, -whore oven Slandor hurls her poisoned darts in vain against breasts protected by a triple shield of native brass. After all which, if it does not pay some ono to lay on a special coach for tho Fijis, I can only say It is not my fault. Even a Dalley talked emigration to English hinds in vain. Somo poople novor do know where thoy would bo woll off. Dyspeptic ! not a b it of it. I don't know how anyone could bo in this, jolly, genial, sociublo little town,' whero fun and humour are as common 'as, according' to Judge Francis, bad cheques aro at Gundagai; whoro good storios aro as plentiful as good fellows ; and even tho vory paving-stones are regular bricks. Hero is ono of tho latest—stories, I moan, not paving-stones—fresh from " Tho Corner," -where for tho most part, I notice, thoso commodities are to bo picked up " as rubbish usually is, in corners," you woro about to obsorvo, my sardonic friend, if I had not anticipated yon, which accounts, I sup poso, for your own persistent loitering about the aforesaid locality. But thori, Boo tho difference. Nobody picks you up—nobody makes a story about you—no, not oven a ghost story, for which you would do, I daro say, as well as any othor soare-crow. But to oar tale. A friend of mine, whom, if I say that ho is the "gay Lothario " of Wagga, admittodly "tho glass of fashion and tho mould of form" of our little society, I hope-it will bo considered that I havo sufticU ently identified, was agreeably surprised tho othor day by receiving a delicato little note, roso-tintedand violet-scented, in a lady's hand, signed: with the adorable name of "Nina." Tho lady—and sho ovidontly was a lady, for lior writing was as angular and hor grammar as boldly original as if bIio lia'd recoivod tho vory boat education tho first boarding-sohools could givo—claimed' a prior acquaintance with my friend, and, with much tendor re calling of tho happy past, begged him to visit hor at her hotel. Here was an adventure. My frioiul had norocollectiou of tho adorahio Nina, but no doubt she wn3 adorable, so don ning his garb of conquest, Iiko .Tack-the giant-killer his invisible cap, ho sallied'forth to moot tho fair foo to his pdacc. Arrived at the hotel, ho Stent up his card, and was duly ushered into tho presence of tho lovely being, who was only restrained by maidenly modesty and a large crinolino from ombracing her old friend 011 the spot. But no ; there must bo some mis take. Tlio love-rolling oyos assume a strangely startled expression, tho chignon perceptibly shivers, and my friond himself, tho hero - of a hundred such encounters, recoils. The "old friend,"- it seoraa, was the wrong man, and tho lovely being—well, she wasn't lovely, but con siderably, as my friend, not a bad . judge, obsorved aftowards, more .t'other. The embarrassment was mutual, but tho gontle man was equal to tho occasion. Gracefully extending one hand to tho lady, whilo with tho other he "smoothed his wrinkled front," ho besought her to calm her faelings, assuring her that if not the right man, ho would bo found on a fair trial to answer just as well. 0£ the tete-<l-tele that ensued I have received 110 very distinct pnrticu lars, further than that it was a sort of happy mixture of the " Morning Call," and (mentally on the gentleman's part) tho dia logue iu'Little Red Riding Hood—that is to say, compliments and protty speeches wero considerably mixed with wonderment as to what large hands she had got—what a por tontous mouth she had got—and what sort of a foot, judging from her other somewhat masculine proportions, she probably had. got. At last a terrible suspicion dawned upon my friond— th is adorable .Niuu, who seemed to be not at all adorable—this strange lady, who like a trooper and talked like a pRuk-clerk—was she indeed A lovely npparitlon sunt To be a moment's ornament, or was she—horrible thought—a make-up— : a woman-personator—and had he, n moral man, a lady's man, boon compromised in a iGie-a-tile of half an hour with a —— man in " drag ! " ffia first impulse was to " sit" upon hor, and hold a sort of coroner's inquest on hor suspicious charms ; but with a laudable effort he restrained his natu rally somewhat inflamed feelings, and seizing his hat rushed into the darkness, cursing petticoats in general, and borrowed ones in particular. 