A BRAVE BOY'S BATTLE. BY Leon Lewis. Chapter XIII. storm-bound. As the eyes of Eddy Burns and of Ichabod Gorse became accustomed to the deep night groom, after their sudden awakening, and as the shock that had aroused them from their slum- bers was again and again repeated, they knew that their frail raft was indeed beating against some shore. a We shall have to land, Eddy," said Gorso, pouring forward into the darkness. " We can't ' back off in the teeth of this wind. We're going to have a regular nor'-wester. That squall this morning was the precursor of a regular old blow-out. Under the circumstances, I am not sure but even a Band-hoop is a better and safer refuge for us than the sea. D depends of course, though, on what sort of island it is." " This is not a more sand heap," said Eddy. 2 I can make out trees ahead of us-" "Your eyes are better than mine then, my boy. It's as if a big black cloth were hung before my eyes. I do think the tropics afford the brightest and the darkest nights ever seen. The air might be made of ink to-night. Hear the wind tuning up ? Lucky we are ashore, provided we don't fall into bad hands." Eddy looked keenly around him, endeavoring Ao form some idea of the shore upon which they had been so strangely hurled. They made a Ure of drift wood, which flaming high in the wind, lit up a section of wild, dark sea, with leaping white crests, a stretch of sandy beach, dotted with scrambling turtles making for the friendly water, and a background of palm trees whose tall columnar stems were surmounted with graceful plumed crests. The island vegetation was tropical in its character and luxuriance, but was not dense. Eddy could see among the dim aisles formed by the trees, shadowy glades and patches of green grass. There were trees other than palms, and Spanish moBS and training vines were flung like veils from their branches, and fluttered weirdly in the wind. In the midst of his survey, Gorso called to him, exhibiting triumphantly a turtle steak which he was about to lay upon the fire. " There," said the Ohioan, " I've added another trade to the many I've been professor of the new trade of butcher. See any fresh water ?" " No, I haven't been far. We shall have to wait until morning to make our explorations. Shall I fetch the water from the raft ?" " I'll do it. You are not strong enough. Just watch this, steak, and don't let it burn. There are a couple of sharp sticks, that will answer for knife and fork." Relinquishing his culinary duties into Eddy's hands, Gorso hurried to the raft, returning with the keg of water. Another journey was made for the biscuits, which were found to be well soaked with sea water, despite the precautions Gorse had taken to preserve them from injury. " Wish we had a little pepper and salt" muttered Gorse. " It's human nature to want something you haven't got, you know." " Yes, I know," said Eddy, " but the biscuits must be very salty, so we shan't mind the fresh news of the meat. How good that steak Btnolls. | Isn't it almost done ?" Gorse assenting, Eddy rambled along the shore, procuring a few half shells that seemed to have belonged at some period to an oyster or scallop. That was an odd scene and worthy of special description, with its foreground of surging sea, its background of waving palms, and that stretch of lonely shore, with the two human figures crouching in the sands in the rod and fitful glare of the drift-wood fire. " I reckon we are better off than those in the boats," observed Gorso, the steam arising from his garments in a fine mist. " That squall must have done them some damage. They can't keep on to the southward in the face of a wind blow- ing great guns like this. I'm afraid that harm has come to them. If the boats have not been upset, they'll Bcud in this direction, you may be sure I shouldn't wonder if they drifted past us in the night." " We'll keep our fire burning as a beacon, then," said Eddy. " The wind blows steadily now. If it holds from its present quarter, we can't get off on our raft to-morrow." " We may as well look the matter in the face, Eddy," observed Gorso. " We are likely to be wind-bound or storm-bound here for a week. We must make the best of our situation. Re- pining won't help us." Eddy sighed, remembering his parents, but he was hopeful as well as brave, and uttered no complaints. " God knows best," he murmured, stifling a pang that convulsed his soul. " I can leave mother in His hands !" The two finished their supper, which was ap- petising after their long fast, secured their raft beyond danger of losing it by wind or wave, dried their garments by the fire, and at length lay down to slumber on the warm sands in the protecting glow of the fire. The waves boat ceaselessly the long hours through upon that desolate shore the sky above them was inky in its blackness ; the wind raged over the sea, and swept like a howling demon among the trees ; great, ungainly turtles crept on the sands, among the shadows in the distance is but the sleepers heard and heeded neither wave, nor wind, nor reptile. They slept as profoundly as though no anxieties or perils encompassed them, and it was well that this was so. It was broad daylight when they awakened. The sun was shining brightly, the sky was clear, and the day was fine. The wind, however, still blew from the south- west, and with such force that the pair at once relinquished all thought of embarking that day. "It will be like rushing to our own destruction, said Gone, as he arose and stretched his long, lank, ungainly figure, " to set off with this wind against us. I doubt if we could launch the raft, and with all our exertions with the paddles we couldn't even hold our own against the wind. No, sir. We've got to play Robinson Crusoe whether we will or no." " We'll begin by having breakfast, and then we'll explore the island," suggested Eddy. The fire had gone out, and only grey ashes remained where it had been. Eddy collected drift-wood and proceeded to build a new fire after the manner of the previous one. The wind blew the smoke and flames seaward, and a large fire was presently in full glow. Gorso out turtle steak with the aid of the hatchet and his pocket knife, raked out some coals as soon as there were any, and laid the meat on to boil. "I've read of shipwrecks in stories he observed meditatively, "but I can't exactly remember of any more just in our predicament. Generally, in stories, the bore is washed ashore, and lots of barrels and boxes and bales enough to set up a shop are washed after him, and he Bets up housekeeper in an A tent, of the newest style, with a French bed, blankets, and so on, and his pantry is filled with coffee, tea, Bait and pepper, and a keg of butter, with other necessaries and luxuries. And he just lives in clover till he gets tired, when up comes a vessel and rescued him. No such luck for us. Our ship- wreck is of the Serrana type, I'm afraid. It's the hard, bitter reality." " It might be worse," said Eddy. " We've got shade, and Sorrana hadn't that. We have plenty to eat and drink, if we haven't coffee and salt. I don't see why we shouldn't make salt. We could boil some Ben-water in that great turtle shell, and when the water evaporated, we'd have all the salt we would need." " We'll do it!" said Gorso energetically. " It's a great thing to have your wits about you. I begin to see why your mother was so willing to let you go to California ; you are be self-reliant and ready-witted. As to me, it my wit comes to me in the course of a week after I make a demand on it, I call myself lucky. You'd be astonished, Eddy, at the loss of brilliant speeches I think of the day after I want 'our. But it takes all sorts to make the world," he concluded, philosophically. " If Hetty Plummer is only satisfied with me, I've no call to fall out with myself!" " Are you and Miss Plummer engaged," inquired Eddy, delicately, as he watched the steak broil. "Engaged! Well, we are and we ain't," responded Gorso. "You see, matters are this way. The old man Plummer is the brightest, meanest, stingiest old coon in Ohio. He thinks just because he's got a hundred acres of land, he's a sort of Lord Mogul. He sets a store by land and money. I shinned around Hetty the whole winter I was singing master, and sometimes she was as sweet as Juno weather, and sometimes she was so cold and so police that I just wondered what she was up to. She's a pretty piece, is Hetty, with red cheeks and blue eyes, but I'm blest if I know exactly what to make of her always. A man that can understand a woman, in my opinion, is a good many pegs higher in point of learning than a fellow that talks Hebrew, Chaldee, or Choctaw!" He looked at Eddy inquiringly, but the boy modestly confesses to a total ignorance upon the subject. " Happy youth !" breathed the ex-school master. " I am not the man I was before I know Hetty Plummer. The way that girl has snubbed me ! It got worse after that citified clerk, with his bear's grease, and his cane, and his back hair parted smoothly, and his perfumery, set up in the store at the Corners. He took a fancy to Hetty, and old Plummer, hearing that the popinjay had a rich father, sort of bucked him. Then Hetty veered around to my side. Before that she'd been as cold as the north side of a burn on January. Well, I proposed and the popinjay proposed. Hetty said she'd have no, and Plummer said she shouldn't. Finally he got down off his high horse and said Hetty could marry the man that had a farm the size of his, and in the neighborhood, and he gave Popinjay and me two years to fetch things around. Hetty promised to be faithful to me, and I started for California. Popinjay act out to visit his po. Women are uncertain creatures. Sometimes I think I'll get Hetty, and sometimes I think I'll get the written. Popinjay stock is up this morning," he added gloomily. " And yours is below par ?" laughed Eddy. " It will all come out right, Ichabod. "There's your pocket-book which I saved for you. That may contain the nest-egg of a big fortune." Gorso caught the pocket-book, stowing it away on his person. The steak was by this time well cooked, and they served it upon the oyster or scallop shells, washing it down with draughts of water from the keg, and eating with it dried aca-bissuits. "If I were an alderman, I presume I should be charmed with turtle meat," said Gorso, after a little. " But I am not educated up to it. I think it takes a little musty and the water tastes brackish. How would it do to combine the two disagreeables into one. Why not have turtle soup for dinner ?" " Perhaps we can find some fresh water," suggested Eddy. " Cooked with fresh water, your turtle soup would be simply stowed turtle. Are you ready for a walk ?" Gorso assented, arising, and the two, after a brief deliberation, set out to explore the island. The island upon which Eddy and Gorso had found refuge was a mere speck in that tropical sea, a tiny jewels upon the breast of the wide waters. It was irregularly oval in shape, about half a mile in length, and had been endowed by Nature with all her choicest gifts. The tall palm trees were stately and beautiful ; the few mahogany and cypress trees were in all the luxuriance of a flourishing vegetation ; the vines that drooped from the branches or loosely festooned themselves in their growths from tree to tree, were starred with vivid hood blossoms, the fragrance of which scented the air. There were cool and shady nooks in the interior of the island, dolls, into which the sunlight penetrated in specks and gleams, the trees forming a very Power above them. It seemed a very paradise into which sin and sorrow had never penetrated. Eddy and Gorse, feeling like two explorers upon the shores of an unknown world, walked along the sands, continually making diversions into the cool green roccBses. Now some flower caught their eyes, and they must inspect it. Then a bird with marvellous song was piping its notes almost in their cars, and they must get a peep at him. " The island seems to be full of pleasant sur- prises," said Eddy. " My mother used to have a flower like that rod one it's a cactus and it was a house plant with us. Do you see that little rill ? That may lead to a cool spring. Let us see." A tiny thread of sparkling water was trick- ling across the sands, losing itself in the sea. It came from the interior of the island, and Eddy hastened to follow it to its source, Gorso accompanying him. A few minutes' walk brought them to a small, bubbling spring, whose waters were pure and cold, and whose brim was mossy and flower grown. Eddy formed a bowl with his hands, and scooping up the water, drank it with an infinite enjoyment. It tasted to him as might have tasted the fabled nectar. Gone followed his example, and the two congratulated themselves upon this valuable acquisition. " It's handy enough to our camp" and the Ohioan. " We shall have no end of comfort put of it. Good water is the first eitwtitJ in housekeeping, and this is As. I don't think even Ohio can boat that spring. The water is like crystal." ' We can got turtles enough at night for food, and can make our own salt by evaporating sea water. A few vegetables now would add variety to our supplies-" "We mustn't expect everything," returned Gorso. " We can shoot a few birds, I guess, and catch a few fish. But we need expect nothing more, and it will be as well we find nothing more or we might feel loath to leave such quarters." They walked on, pursuing their investigations, and making fresh discoveries with every step, until they had rounded the eastern end of the island, and had come upon the southwesterly end of the Royal. " We are getting around to where we started," observed Gorso, with a glance at the sky. " We have made a little more than half the circuit of the island." An ejaculation at this moment escaped Eddy's lips, and he started abruptly, seizing his com- panion's arm. 'Look!" he exclaimed. "Don't you see some object lying on the beach yonder? It looks like a human being." 1 Lashed to an oar. It is one. It may be a survivor of our vessel." With one accord the two set out at a run along the beach toward the object Eddy had detected. It proved to be indeed a human being, lashed to a boat car. His face was half hidden in the sands, and one arm was thrown above his head, concealing his hair. But there was something in the short, squat figure that arrested the steps of the pair as they came near, and they halted, looking at each other in wonder and dismay. " It looks like VoIHb," said Eddy, in a low voice. " Looks like Squally, and no mistake," whispered the Ohioau. " But it can't be. It's im- possible." The figure stirred feebly, and raised its head. The face was turned toward Eddy and Gorso, and they recognised it as the face of the boy's onomy-the face of Jacob Vollis. CHAPTER XIV. WARMING A Vir-EH. The astonishment of Eddy and Gorso at their unwelcome discovery, was equalled if not exceeded by that of Vollis. He put up his hands as if to ward them off, and fell to shriek- ing and moaning in the most pitiful manner. "Takes us for ghosts," uttered Gorso, not moving. " I don't wonder at it, the low-lived skunk. He supposes we were burnt up in the steamer, and it isn't his fault we weren't. What are we to do with him Try him, and hang him ?" Eddy surveyed his prostrate and grovelling enemy in silence. He saw that Vollis' face was haggard, and convulsed with fear and terror. The man had wronged him terribly had made three distinct attempts upon his lifo-yothohad no feeling for him save city. 1 We must do the best we can for him, Ichabod he said slowly, after a long pause. " You and I are not revengeful savages. As to his punishment for his crimes, we must not take the law in our own hands. We must leave him to God, and to the retribution that will surely overtake him." " You don't mean to say you are going to minister to the wretch ?" Eddy nodded assent. " Well, if you can forgive him, I can," do clared Mr. Gorso. " But I think it's a great waste of generosity. and esteem it a privilege to give him what Paddy gave the drum, but I'll restrain my natural impulses. Only I think, my boy," he added, with a quizzical yot tondor Bustle, " that you are almost too good for this world. You'll be dreadfully put upon if you forgive people instead of ramming them when they need lamming." Eddy smiled and moved toward Vcllis, whose shrieks and groans became yet more painful as the boy drew near. " Keep off !" cried the villain, raising himself to a sitting posture, and tearing the bands that confined him to the oar. "Don't come any nearer!" " Do you take me for a ghost ?" demanded Eddy, halting. " How how did you escape ?" he asked tremblingly. I We got off on a raft," replied Gorso. " I want below and found the boy senseless on the cabin floor where you left him, you infernal scoundrel. I carried him upon deck, and signalled to the last boat, you viper. S think the captain would have come back for us, only for you and a few cowardly souls like you. We floated on our raft and landed on this island last night, you villain. How did you come here ?" By this time Vcllis had recovered his calmness and self-confidence He answered : " A squall struck us in the afternoon and up to our boat. I grabbed an our, and the wind and waves carried me away from the othorsboforo I fairly got over my bewilderment. I tried myself to this oar, and floated all day and into the evening. Then I felt as if I were being pounded and hatcheries, as I was hurled on this shore. I either fainted them or slept, I don't know which, and I did not awaken until I heard your steps. I suppose the captain and the others in our boat are lost. What island is this ?" " This, sir, is Gorso Island," replied the Ohioan coolly. "I expected your boat would upset, with such a Jonah in it." Vellis slowly arose to his feet, shaking the loose spray from his clinging garments. He was the picture of physical exhaustion and misery. " Have you had anything to eat since you landed ?" he asked. "Yes, we brought off water and see biscuits with us," replied Gorso. " We had a delightful breakfast, green turtle steak, and so on." " Give me something," he said. " I've had nothing since yesterday morning. I'm chilled and wet and hungry. Give no food." "Don't you wish I would?" said Gorso. "You've got an uncommon amount of cheek, my man, to call on me for your grub ! If you want food, got it." "Where shall I get it?" he asked, and he glanced at the pistol that protruded from the opening in his shirt. " Is there game ?" " There's Ash in the sea, you Lummox," an Bwored Gorse, impatiently. " Fish for 'an," " I've no time nor hook, no net--" "And no gumption," interrupted the ex Bohoolmaater, delighting in the well- deserved misery of Eddy's enemy. "Well, there'll be plenty of turtles ashore to-night. Take one of them. Turtle steak boiled over a good fire isn't to be sneezed at-" The villain interrupted him with a bowl of despair. I can't wait till night," he moaned, sinking helplessly on the ground. I shall be dead by that time. I have nothing to kindle a fire. I am faint-weak. Have mercy on mound give me food." Gorso shook his head solemnly. Eddy turned towards Gorse, his frank, boyish features working with emotion. There were tears of pity in his blue, fearless eyes, and a look on his young face that roused the deepest tenderness in Gorse's honest, rugged nature. " Ichabod," the boy said, softly, " what is it to Bible says ? 'If thine enemy hunger-" Gorso checked the quotation by a sudden gesture. " Have it your own way, my boy," he said, gently. " The man is your enemy. Do with him as you will. Only remember you are warming a viper." Eddy did not answer, but hurried away at full speed. As he disappeared along the shore, Vollia lifted his bloodshot eyes and asked where he had gone. " He is going to have his revenge upon you !" answered Gorso dryly. " He has gone to prepare for it." " He has gone for a pistol ? He means to shoot me the wretch cried in a quavering voice. " You'll see when he comes back," said the Ohioan coolly, seating himself on a pile of drift-wood. Vellis held his breath in a speechless suspense. He was too weak to defend himself in any case. He had not eaten any food since the previous day, as he had said, and he had been so buffeted by the ways that he was bruised and sore in every joint. he resigned himself to a speedy death at the hands of the boy he had so deeply wronged, so often tried to fully assassinate With bowed head he waited for his doom. Presently he heard the boy's quick, returning tread. He looked up suddenly to meet his fate. A hoarse cry escaped his lips at the sight that met his gaze. The boy was standing before him with food and drink, both hands full. " Are those for me ?" he said hoarsely. " Yes, for you," answered Eddy. The lad deposited the biscuits, the cold turtle steak, and the two deep sheets of water upon the sands at his enemy's foot, and retreated a few paces. " They they an't poisoned ?" asked Pollie, eyeing the tempting display wistfully. "Don't go to judging other people by your self," interposed Goree. "I'd have lost you Btarvo, and serve you right too. The boy's pity Was dreadfully misplaced." Eddy's atom, rebuking gaze appeared to abash Vollia. Casting aside his suspicious, he reached out his hands and ate and drank with feverish rapidity. By the time he had tuiiBhod, something of his old swagger and impudence had returned with his strength. " I don't know but I am all right now," he exclaimed. "It's food that puts the path into a man. Whereabouts are your quarters ?" " At the northern end of the island," responded Gorso. " We've got a Are there-" " We've got a bump, and blankets to make a tour," continued Gorso. "We shall got up some kind of a shelter in the course of the day. We have got a good raft, and shall leave the island when the wind changes. Now what we want of you is to keep to your end of the island, and we'll keep to ours. We want nothing to do with you." " I guess young Burns'll have something to say to that," said Vollie presuming on Eddy's recent kindness to him, which he did not yet fairly understand, but which he nevertheless vaguely attributed to Eddy's fear of him and desire to conciliate him. " He runs this machine, I take it." " I won't gainsay any of Eddy's wishes," said Gorso quietly. The lad flashed a bright glance up at him. " If it depends upon me," Eddy then said, turning his store, pure young face upon his enemy, "you will remain here, Jacob Bellis. I gave you food for humanity's sake, not from fear of you. We will not have your company at our camp. You must remain by yourself, apart from us." " But I've no food, no fire, no shelter." " You can got all three by working and using your wits," said the Ohioan. "You'll find water in the wood, and you can catch turtles. Don't apply to us for further help. Come to our camp at your peril. We have not got so low as to associate with river throes and mur- derers." " I've got as much right at the north end of the island as you have," he blustered. No, you haven't," said Gorso. " I am go vernor here. The island belongs to Eddy and j me by the right of first settling on it. We are armed, and shall defend ourselves from your unwelcome presence. Don't presume on Eddy's kindness. Presumption won't be healthy for you." He moved slowly away, beckoning to Eddy. The boy followed him without another glance at ellis. As they moved up the beach, Vollia looked , after them with a deadly scowl and a smile of a terrible menace. He formed a score of plans to destroy the fair-haired lad who had returned him good for evil, and crouched will only for hours in the sands, until the heat became so powerful that he was obliged to retreat to the shelter of the trees. He made no attempt to procure food or drink, or shelter. And thus with him pasted the day, and thus with him came on the glowing, I tropical night. The hours during which he had thus suddenly brooded had been spent by Eddy and Gorso in downright labor. With the hatchet they had so fortunately brought, they cut down some strong young saplings, which they fixed firmly into the ground, forming the frame of a small square hut. Over this frame, they stretched their blankets, which had been drying in the sun, scouring them firmly, The floor was of God, and they bound upon it a supply of cut grass to serve as a couch. " I think," commenced Gorse, when their shelter was completed, "that no turtle will crawl over my face, or molest me to-night. We may have to keep a watch against our human reptile, however." The hut had been built in a pleasant open I glade in the shade of the trees, and at a little distance from the shore. The process of building, is building it could be called, consumed most of the afternoon. 1 It was nearly sunset when the pair, tired but cheerful, sat down on the sands before their fire, at their evening meal " The winds still from the south west," must loved Gorso " We have done well to make ourselves comfortable We may have to stay three days yet " " Will it be safe for us both to sleep at once, Ichabod?" asked Eddy "I'm afraid that Veins may still cherish his designs against me " 'We'll watch for the sneak," was the re- spouse "He may try to kill us both in our sleep I will watch during the early part of the night, and then you can take your turn watching We must be on our guard He's bad enough for anything " The pair retired early to their tour Eddy went to sleep, while Gorso watched for the stealthy approach of the half expected assassin The hours passed and Vollis did not appear About 1 o clock Eddy awakened, and Gorso lay down to slumber How still Boeincd the night to the boy watcher The wood was full of strange sounds the very air seemed alive as the hour dragged on The shadow of an impending evil crept over the lad Wells was awake at that hour awake and active He had had crept slowly and cautiously up the sandy shore, and at the very moment that that shadow of coming evil fell upon Eddy's spirit, Wells was moving like a shadow not toward the tour but toward the raft' " I'll steal oil with their possessions and he miles at sea before they aw ikon With no tools to form another and, how will they ever escape ? They are doomed just as surely as if they were dead ' It wasn't an ill wind that blew in here after all Some day, years hence, I may sail this way to look at their bones ' He began cautiously to launch the raft Chapter W luSlUMJOFI AGAIN A FEW minutes of stealthy labor on the part of Vollis sufficed to partially launch the raft As it lay half out of water, one end rising and falling uneasily on the waves that boat against the low shore, the other end grinding upon the sands, the midnight thief looked over his shoulder in the direction of where Glass lay sleeping and Eddy But watching, and a smile full of sinister exultation lit up his sullen visage "So far good' ' he muttered "I must fill up the cup of my success till it runs over I must prevent the possibility of their escape from this island It is out of the usual track of vessels They will never be less ned-novel '" He chuckled softly under his breath Ilion, like an evil shadow, ho flitted across the bright- ness of the star lit sands to the temporary camp of Eddy and Gorse Then fire was burning low, and the red coals by like fiery eyes gleaming from the midst of grey fishes He stirred up the couIb with a stick, and the reviving glow illuminated the d unless behind it Penetrating into this darkness, Velhs found in a cool, shaded hollow what he wanted the jug of water ? " I thought I saw a bag of provisions in the same place, ' he mused , " I am sure I did I may need them before reaching Chugres " Again he stole noiselessly to the ah idea Hol low, into which the rod end of siding genius of the fire feebly penetrated The bag of biscuits was there. He seized it and hurried with it to the raft Then he paused to listen No sound came from the tiny blanket cabin Eddy was still watching and waiting for an at tack upon himself. He had not the faintest suspicion of the real movements of his onomy 1 they sleep soundly enough," muttered Vol Iib, still hearkening " I have matters all my own way I could kill them both while they sleep, and I would only that I shall find a better revenge in their despair when they find them selves anchored here for life I should like to hear them howl when they discover themselves outwitted 111 find a big stone and anchor in sight of the island till the wind changes, and I can then move on towards the Isthmus " He looked up and down the sands in search of a stone suited to his purpose There was none to be soon Then he remembered having observed one near the camp fire, and he set out in quest of it with alacrity It proved to be a boulder of respectable size, with angularities into which a rope would lit, and quite suitable for the purpose of an anchor He essayed to lift it, and found that it drew heavily upon his strength "I wish I could roll it," he thought, " but that would arouse them in the hut I shall just have to carry it Once got this on the raft, and I'll push off from the island " With a heart full of an informal glee, he clasped his arms around the boulder, and began the stealthy transit of the sands At every few steps he was compelled to halt and rest His heart boat with increased velocity, his legs from bled, him arms threatened to drop their load the sweat poured like rain from his face and body, but he kept on with a perseverance worthy a better cause Once or twice he fancied that he heard leaves rustling, and that a whispered murmur arose above the happy g sound of the waves, but on pausing to liston, the sounds appeared to resolve themselves in the gentle hissing of insects, or the flutter of some bird upon her most . "Curse the stone !" he muttered, still clinging to it " How heavy it is 1 I haven't the strength I had But I'll carry the thing to the raft or die, that's all !" Presently he came within view of the raft, and he halted again No sound came from the hut. The air was still, save for the murmur of waves, and the soft, Steady rushing of the winds among the plumed tops of the palms Looking toward his goal, now so near, with his soul glowing with sinister exultation, Vcllis suddenly started Surely the raft was higher upon the sands than when he had left it " I must be going crazy," he muttered " Or the waves have dashed it upon the beach The boy and his comrades are asleep No human hand has touched the raft I will hurry up and push out '" He moved forward with renewed speed He had approached within ten paces of the raft, already he felt assured of his complete triumph already he was scouting over his supposed success when, raising his eyes, he beheld a sight that seemed to turn him to stone For between him and the raft, and close to- save the latter, two figures had Bilontly ranged themselves. They carried pistols in their hands, and their stern first and their stern eyes were fixed upon the midnight marauder in a grip that made him quail The boulder he carried dropped with a dull thud at his foot "Baokl"oned the younger of his two opponents, as he presented his revolver. "Back, there, Jacob Vollis You advance of the peril of your life !" Volhs involuntarily recoiled, uttering a howl of rage " Yes, book, that you'" said the Ohioan, also presenting his revolver, his long, lank figure towering high above Edel), and his manner peculiarly fierce and terrible "Back, you ever mm' Down on your knees ' ' Volhs grazed his tooth and felt in his bosom for his pistol, oven while he remembered that its usefulness had been impaired by the thorough soaking in salt water it had received Gorso smiled grimly "Down on your knees, you rascal !" he repeated, his horse O)oa blazing "If you know Ichabod God so a little better, you'd tumble down in short motto I ain't a patient man, by no means Down'" Vollia sank down upon his knees on the sand " You miserable around ' ' ejaculated Gorso in a tone expressive of utter loathing "So you meant to steal our last, did you, and leave us to die bore? We ought to hang you I am willing to be judge, jury, and executioner your case I should be wronging action) by letting you live I can't find words to tell you what I think of you., you contemptible alligator I can't think of a punishment that isn't too good for you'" Volhs cowered before his accusers "I'll tell you what to do with him," BiudEddy. " We won't kill him Let us leave him to the care of Him who spared over Came his father's murderer We don't want his life, Ichabod Let him live " "Just as you say, Eddy," muttered Gorae, dejectedly " You 're the doctor " " But we'll give him something to remember us by," continued Eddy, his story blue eyes blazing I'll stand over him with my revolver, while you give him the soundest thrashing he ever had What do you say of Mr. Gordon's face lit up with 11 sudden raid once "You've got the regular Btom BtulT 111 you, my boy," he cried out joyfully When you fed the viper this morning, I had a sort of idea you might be turning milksop But, you're time grit, after all " Eddy's suggestion immediately became a decree, as unalterable) as to that of the Medes and Persians With the guinness of an executioner, Qoiso picked up the hatchet from the rule and proceeded to out 11 half dozen stout with) sticks, touting each one as he cut it, and min during " I'm peculiarly) fitted for this business, having been Schoolmaster for tin on winters, over the roughest boys in all Ohio Thivou particular talent for tanning pickets Now, sir We tried kindness on you before, now we'll employ a language you can understand " He moved towards Jellis, who sprung up His intended flight was checked by 1 do), who coolly covered him with his revolver, command ing him to halt There was a decision in the boy's tone and manner, (he fruit of his recent experiences, that opened Vallis' eyes to the fact that in Eddy's slight body was a man's soul Knowing that he deserved to be shot, the villain expected he would be if he tried to flee He therefore halted The next moment the light grip of the ox BchoolmiiBtui was 111 his coat collar, and he was sitting under a elias tiBomont as powerful and terrible as the long pent up wrath and Stout arm of the Ohioan could devise and administer Meaning, Bliriokmg, screaming, the wretch went through his ordeal The panting ox schoolmaster, having expended his strength and life whips, at last throw the follow from him, and retreated toward Eddy, wiping his brow with his coat Ulooloo "that was violent exercise, I call it," he observed placidly "Perhaps now you some idea of justice, Mr Jacob Vellis The memory of this night's work will, I trust, abide with you through the years to come We've had enough of your society for the present You'd better go to your end of the island " Vollis staggered to his foot, his dark face con versed with passion, his eyes gleamed and blood shot ' This'll turn out a bad night's work for both of you, Curse you ! ' he shouted, shaking his clenched fist I never forgot a blow-" " And never remember a kindness '" interrupted Gorso. "You're worse than a North American Indian, and there's no need of your assuring us of the fact " He made a movement as if to advance upon Vallis, who, with a howl, turned and Hod "He's gone back to his end of the island," said Gorso, contentedly " He won't sloop much to night, after the waiting he's had. You're a brave boy, Eddy, a magnificent trump I always know you had pluck, from the first moment I saw you, but I didn't think you were as cool in time of danger is a veteran cucumber By George ! If you owed me anything for saving you from the burning steamer, you've paid it up handsomely How did you discover what the ship was at ?" " I heard a grating noise on the shore," replied Eddy, modestly, and I pooped out, think ing Vollis might be cropping up toward the hut I saw him in the act of stowing the biscuits on the raft Then I waken you up, as you know, and when he went for the stone, we crept down to the shore, and drew up the raft on the sand Then we concealed ourselves in the shade of the trees till he came up " " The thing was well managed, well executed What would have happened to us if Squally had got off with our raft, our hatchet, our rules, and so on We could never have made another raft We should have had to settle down ub Serrano did I tell you, Eddy, when I came down to the shore and saw the raft loaded, and saw, too, how precious hour we were to being marooned for the rest of our days, my heart went right down into my boots I tell you Popmjuy'a Stock rose 0 hundred percent, and rome went down like mercury in a storm, till I wouldn't have given ton come for my chance of Booing Hetty again If some friendly spirit could I tell that girl the perils I'm running just for the chance of winning her, I wonder what she'd say " " You can be the ' friendly spirit and tell her yourself, when you get back to Ohio," said Eddy " It's a mighty uncertain world," returned Mr Gorso reflectively, " and women are slippery creatures. Now you've got 'error think you have and then again you haven't Hetty's a prime piece of calico, pretty and pert, and lively, but she likes to flirt as well as she likes to ยก eat, and I'm afraid, if Popinjay's pa come, down with the ready, the bear's grease and perfumery, 1 and parted back hair and dandy come will carry a off Min Plummer before I can felon around, You see old Skinflint, that's Mr Plummer, '11 snap at the first suitor that comes along with a good farm tacked to his coat tail " "But Hetty's do as she pleases," suggested Eddy consolingly She won't marry shopping only if she loves you " ' Hum ' How do I know she loves me ?" demanded the Ohio m "who told me, last thing, when I said something to her about hoping, that she was too good a daughter to disobey her father Suppose the old man come minds her to marry Popinjay? Don't you see how that would cook my goode blown? I had the strongest impulse, ' he continued medita- tively, " to dent in the young man's nose for him before I left home, and so spoil his beauty for him and for Hetty , but as he'd never harmed me and his only offence was being so dreadfully change cable and attentive to Hetty and especially as he kept out of my way, and I found no chance to carry out my design I let him slide Eddy, this is a world of sorrows " The boy sighed "I think," he begun- "Oh, Ichabod! he owed, interrupting himself and springing up, " the wind is changing It is certainly chang- ing " In an instant Mr Gorso was all excitement. "The wind has changed, my boy," he cried. " Good for his ' We'll be off this morning " "We won't go to sleep again," said Eddy. " It's after 1 o'clock, I should think Let us take down our hut and pile our blankets on the raft And, Ichabod, let us cut one end of the paddle into handles 'Ahoy will be easier to handle " "You're right, hand If you'll kindle up a big him, I'll take down the hut and load the raft We've got a hatchet and nails, and I mean to contrive a Biul I had ought to have as much wit as a Polynesian savage, I think, and they have sail boats " " We must fill our keg with fresh water from the spring," suit 1 tidy " I will cook the remains of the turtle or, st by ' let's kill a fresh. one I can hear them sprawling on the shore beyond the light of our fires We have only to pounce upon one and tear it over, and we can kill it at our leisure " " 1111 all the turtle and you can cook it We mustn't leave the raft union sailed an instant. That Squally is as treacherous as a 'Igor. Keep your revolver in your pocket, and don't forget to keep on your guard Bottom move the coals a d build the new fire nearer the raft " His idea was acted upon 1 del} transported the dying embers of the Ino to a broad stretch of sand near the raft, and proceeded to gather drift wood which he piled upon it In a few minutes a trout fire was blazing brightly, and its glow lit up the Bands the vi gelation behind it, and the sea in front of it Meanwhile Gorso burned down the beach I and concealed himself in a favorable spot, I where he waited for his prey to come ashore. Presently a great But turtle, followed by two others, came straggling up the sand, leaving behind them a slimy trail As quick us thought, Gorso leaped out and overturned the foremost upon his back The other u pt lies inside a quick retrograde movement into the water Bohondmg the monster he had capsized, by a skilful blow with his hatchet at an opportune moment, Gorso returned to Eddy with his trophy in triumph The hours that intervened before daybreak were busy ones to the two adventurers Gorso took down his hut, transported his blankets to the raft, and then, with his mv stubble hatchet, ropes, and nails, and the exercise of considerable ingenuity, he contrived to rig a Bail, over which he gloried with pardonable exultation While he was thus busy, Eddy was not idiot. He can ed his turtle meat into steaks and roasts. The former he looked on Ino coals The latter he wrapped in leaves and cooked between hot stones with a fire built above them Hoomptiod the water keg and replaced the brackish fluid it contained with the clear water from the island spring, Gorso transporting the keg to the raft. Their preparations were barely completed when the day dawned the pair sat down to rest while they watched the sun rise The wind now blew steadily from the north east, and promised to hold from that quarter " We shall have a good voyage, I think," said Gorso "The day is bound to be fine. The wind suits us to a T Couldn't have been best tor if I'd ordered it especially guest we'll be off soon, lad, and take our breakfast aboard. The wind hasn't changed any too soon for our safety On this island would be something like Daniel in the den of lions Never can tell at what minute that treacherous alligators sprang out on us " After a little, as the morning began to grow in its tropical splendor and beauty, Gorso arose and launched the raft The two sprang aboard, seized their paddles, and pushed off "Popinjay's Black's going down to zero!" said Gorso rather incoherently, as he thrust his paddle energetically into the water and sand. " I begin to think I'll make a decent show for Hetty-." At this juncture, with a roar and a bound, his visage inflamed, his eyes rolling, Jacob who has gone through the woods and down upon the beach " Stop '" he yelled " Are you going to leave me here to die ? Stop, I Bay ! I am going with you I am going on your raft!" He rushed out into the water after the recess mg float, seized the nearest end of it with both hun- us, and clung to it with the energy of despair [to uc CONTINUED ] BitiilNOSiSMS -poverty and riches are more imaginative distinctions The man who can eat his bread and be happy is certainly richer than he who can't eat it unless it is spread with butter. Every human physical lump on the face of this earth is susceptible to flattery, sum ye ken daub it on with a whitewash brush, while others must buy it sprinkled on them like the dew upon flowers. I have noticed one thing, that the most virtuous and district folks we have among us are those who have either no pasture at all, or very tame ones it is it grate deal easier to be a good done than a decent Burpout Dumb Significance-Lord Seaforth, who was born deaf and dumb, was to diuoono day with Lord Melville J""' before the time of the company's arrival, Lady Melville sent into the drawing room a lady of her acquaintance who could talk with her flyers to dumb people, that she might receive LordSouforth Presently Lord Guildford entered the room, and the lady, taking him for Lord Seaforth, beau tore her fingers very nimbly i Lord Guildford did the same, and they had been carry ing on a conversation in this manner for about ten minutes, when Lady Melville joined them Her fertile friend immediately said, "Well, I have been talking to this dumb man." " Dumb!" onod Lord Guildford i " blest me, I thought you were dumb !" 