SUNDAY BEADING. Madame Guyon and the Abbe Fenelon. " ^ . MADAME GUYON and M de Fenelon had opportu nities of seeing each other both, at Paris and Versailles. But still it was not convenient, and ^perhaps not proper, that they should see each other 'very often ; bnt the deep interest felt hy Madame <3uyon, and the many questions which Fenelon sound it necessary to propose to her higher experience, rendered it necessary that they should correspond. The very next day she wrote another letter, which we give in part : "Paris, November, 1688. "To the Abbe do Fenelon,-So deeply absorbing finas been the application of my soul to God on your account, that I have slept but little during the past night, and at this moment I can give an idea of my state only by saying that my spirit, in the interest which it feels for your entire renovation, burns and ?consumes itself within me. I have an inward con viction that the obstacle whioh has hitherto Beparated you from God, is diminishing and passing away. Certain it is that my soul begins to feel a spiritual likeness and union with yours, which it has not previously felt. God appears to be making me a medium of communicating good to yourself, and to be imparting to my soul graces which aro ultimately destined to reach and to bless yours. It may not bo improper to Bay, however, that while He is blessing and raising you in one direction, He seems to be doing that which may be the means of profitable humiliation in another, by making a woman, and one BO unworthy as myself, the channel of communicating His favours. But I, too, must be willing to be where God has placed me, and not refuse to' be an instrument in His hands. He assigns me my work, and my work ia to he an instrument; and it is becauBO I am an instrument which He employs aa ho pleases, that he will not let me go.^ "N evertheles8, He makes me happy in being His prisoner. He holds me incessantly, and still mora strongly than ever, in His presence; and my hu .siness there is to present you before Him, that His will nv»,y be accomplished in you ; and I can not doubt that the will of God is showing itself in mercy, and that you are entering into union with Him, because I find that my own soul, which has already experienced this union, is entering into, union with you through Him, and in such a manner as no one can well explain who has not had .the experience of it. ... . So easy, so natural, so prompt are the .decisions of the sanctified soul on all moral and religious subjects, that it seems to reach its conclu sions intuitively. . . . Be so humble and child like aa to submit to tho dishonour-if such it may be called-of receiving blessings from God through one so poor and unworthy as myself, and thus the grace which God has imparted to my own heart flowing instrumentally into yours, and producing a similarity of dispositions, our souls shall become like two rivers mingling in one channel, and flowing oa together to the ocean. Receive, then, the prayer of this poor heart, since God wills it to he so. The pride of nature in one in your situation, will cry out against it; but remember that the grace of God is magnified through the weakness of the instrumentality He employs. Accept this method in entire contentment and abandonment of spirit (as ! have no doubt you will), simply because God wills it, and be entirely assured that God will bless His own instrumentality in granting every thing which will bo. necessary to you. I close by repeating tho deep sympathy and correspondence of spirit which I have with you. "JEANNE MABIE B. DB LA MOTHB GUYON." For two years they kept up a frequent intercourse by letter, in which it ia easy to seo her untiring patience and her deep religious insight. It was hard for him at first to understand and to realize in practice the great lesson of living by faith alone. Even at tho end of six or eight months after their correspondence ^commenced, ho had questions to proposo, and difficulties to be resolved. In this state of things she wrote him a long let ter, in wnich sho give3 a general view of the process in which the soul that is entirely conaecrated to God undergoes the successive Bteps of inward crucifixion, and of progressive conformity, until it realizes the highest resultB. She took trreat pains with it. It is entitled "A Concise View of tho Soul's Return to God, and of its Re- union with Him." (To this wo find a well-digestéd answer at some length, from Fenelon, of which the following is a . summary: "Paris, August 11th, 1689. -" To Madame De La Mothe Guyon,-I think, Madame, that I understood in general the state ments in the paper which you had the kindness to send to . me, in which you describo the various experiences which characterize the soul's return to God by means of simple or pure faith. I will endeavour, however, to recapitulate some of your views as they present themselves to me, that I may learn whether I correctly understood them. "I.-Tho first step which is taken by the soul that has formally and permanently given itself to God, would be to bring what may be called its external powers-that is, its natural appetites and propensi ties, under subjection. Tho religious stato of the soul at such times is characterized by that simplicity which shows its sincerity, and that it is sustained by faith, so that the soul does not act of itself alone but follows and co-operates with all ita power with' that grace'which is given it. It gains the victory through faith. " II.-The second stop is to cease to rest on the pleasures*of inward sensibility. The struggle here is, in general, more severe and prolonged. It is hard to die to these inward tastes . and relishes, which make us feel so happy, and which God usually permits us to enjoy, and to rest upon in our first experience. When wo lose our inward happi ness, we are'very apt to think that we lose God; not considering that tho moral life of the soul does not consist in pleasure, but in union with God's will, whatever that may be. The victory here also is by faith, acting, however, in a little different way. "III.-Another step is that of entire cruci fixion to any reliance upon our virtues, either out ward or inward. The habits of the lifo of self have become BO strong that there is hardly anything in which we do ¿ot take a degree of complacency. Having gained the victory over its senses, and hav ing gained so much strength that it can live by faith., independently of inward pleasurable excite ments, the soul begins to také a degree of satisfac tion-which is seoretly a selfish one-in its virtues, in its truth, tempérance, faith, benevolence, and to rest in them as if they were its own> and as if thoy gave it a claim of acceptance on the ground of its merit. "We are to be dead to them, considered as I coming from ourselves ; and alive to them only as the gifts and tho power of God. "We are to have no perception or life in them, in tho sense of taking; a secret satisfaction in them, and are to take satisfac tion in the Giver of them only. " IV.-A fourth, step consists in a cessation or death to that repugnance which men naturally feel to those dealings of God which are involved in the process of inward crucifixion. The blows which God sends upon us are received without the opposition which once existed, and existed oftentimes with great power. So olear is tho soul's perception of God's presence m everything, BO strong is its faith, that those appa rently adverse dealings, once exceedingly trying, are now received not merely with acquiescence, but with cheerfulness. It kisses tho hand that smites it. " V.-When we have proceeded ao far, the natural man is dead. And then comes, as a fifth step in thia process, the new life ; not merely the beginning, but a new life in the higher sense of the terms, the resurrection of the 'life of love. All those gifts which the soul before sought in its own strength, and perverted and rendered poisonous and destruc tive to itself, by thus seeking them out of God, are now richly and fully returned to it, by the Great Giver.of all things. It is not tbe design or plan of God to deprive His creatures of happiness, but only tb pour the cup of bitterness into all that happiness, and to smite all that joy and prosperity which the creature has in anything out of himself. "VI.-And this life, in the sixth place, becomes a truly transformed life, a life in union with God, when -the will of the soul becomes not only con formed to God practically and in fact, but is con formed to Him in everything in it, and in the rela tions it sustains, which may be called a disposition or tendency! It is then that there is^such a har mony between the human and Divine will that they may properly be regarded as having become one. This, I suppose, was the state of St. Paul, when he says, 'I live ; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me.' It is not enough to be merely passive under God's dealings. The spirit of entire submission ÍB a great graco ; but it is a still higher attainment to become flexible ; that is to say, to move just as ile would haye UB move! This state of mind might perhapa_be termed the spirit of co-operation, or of Divine co-operation. In this state the will is not only sub dued, but, whatis very important, 'all tendency to'-a; 'different or'rébéllío'ú8 Btate Í8 taken awáyv" Of stich a soul, which is described as the Tenäpte" of the Holy Ghost, God himself is the inhabitant and the light. " This transformed soul does not cease to advance in holiness. It is transformed without remaining whire it is ; new without being stationary. Its life is love, all love ; but the capacity of its love con tinually increases. .*' Such, Madame, if I understand thom, are essen tially the sentiments of the letter which you hud the kindness to send me. " I wish you to write to me whether the statement which I have now made, corresponds with what you intended to convey. "I would make one or two remarks further, in explanation of what has been said. One of the most important steps in. the process of inward restoration is to bB found in the habits of the will, r This I have already alluded to, but it is not gener ally well understood. A man may, perhaps, have a new life, but it cannot be regarded as a perfectly transformed life, a life brought into perfect harmony with God, until all the evil influences of former habits are corrected. When this takes place it is perhaps not easy to determine, it must be left to each one's consciousness. This process must take place in the will, as well as in other partB of the mind. The action of the will must not only be free and right, but must be relieved from all tendency in another direction resulting from previous evil habits. " Another remark which I have to make, ÍB initia tion to faith. That all this great work ia by faith, is true ; but I think we should be careful, in stating the doctrine of faith, not to place it in opposition to reason. On the contrary, we only say what is sus tained both by St. Paul and St. Augustine, when we assert that it is a very .^reasonable thing to believe. Faith is different from mere physical and emotive impulse, and it would be no small mistake to con found those who walk by faith, with thoughtless and impulsive persons and enthusiasts. ".Faith." ie necessarily based upon antecedent acta of intelligence. By the uso of those powers of per ception and reasoning which God baa given us, we have the knowledge of the existence of God. It is By their use also that we know that God has spoken to ns in His revealed word. In that word, which wo thus receive and verify by reason, we have general truth laid down, general precepts communicated, applicable to our situation and duties. But these truths, coming from Him who has a right to direct us, are authoritative. , They command. And it ia our province and duty, in tho exercise of faith in the goodness and wisdom of Him who issues the com mand, to yiold obedience, and to go wherever it may lead us, however dark and mysterioua the path may now appear. Those who walk by faith walk in obscurity, but they know that there is a light above thom, which will make all clear and bright in its appropriate time. We trust; but, as St. Paul sayB, ' we know in whom we have trusted.' " I illustrate tho subject, Madame, in this way ; I suppose myself to be in a atrango country. There is a wide forest before me, with which I am totally unacquainted, although I must pasa through it. I accordingly select a rgüido, whom I suppose to be able to conduct me through these ways.nevor before trodden by mo. In following this guide, I obviously go by faith, but aa I know the character of my guide, and as my intelligence or reason telle mo" that I ought to exercise such faith, it is clear that my faith in him is not in opposition, to reason, but is in accordance with it. On the contrary, if I refuae to have faith in my guide, and undertake to make my way through the forest by my own sagacity and wis dom, I may properly be deecribed aa a person without reason, or as unreasonable ; and should probably suffer for my want of reason by losing my way. Faith and reason, therefore, if not identioal, are* not at variance. " Fully^ eubscribing, with these explanations, to the doctrine of faith as the life and guido of the I soul, I remain, Madame, yours in our common Lord, . « FHANCIS S. FENELON." 