MIDDLE LIFE. BY JAMES DT7NL0P. *' The great Middle Class, on whom, tliough the polite may call them a * sad mixture,' cabinets depend'' — Lord Lytton. Conclusion of Chapter XXIII. Being thus disturbed in his reverie the giant took a quick survey of his wakeful companions, and taking his pipe from hif- lips made a clear ten feet salivatory ejection into the hissing fire. 'Waal,' he remarked, drawing the back of his hand across his lips. ' It's not thet I feel 'xactly in the humor for yarnin', but, es you say, I think I can give a yarn jest a leetle. I've seen a few specs in my day / her.' Here he blinked in a satisfied manner, and, reinserting the stumnv nina in its natural orifice, drew a long breath through his nose. ' I know yer hev, Bill,' says the first speaker reverently. *' An' many a scrimmage too, / know.' ' You bet,' remarks Bill. ' Well we might's well hear somethin' o' them. This is awful dreary work, lyin' watchin', an' these yer chaps snorin' about ; I can't .sleep nohow. It a'n't the fast time, howserer, as I've been too pumped out to sleep, an' I know it a'n't the fust time for you neither, Bill. Come along partenter, lets hev yer yarn.' Thus importuned, ' partenter' removed his pipe for a space, und, having repeated the process of salutary salivation, re placed it, and deliberately and carefully commenced his story. ' As yeou say,' he began, ' I hev seen a scrimmage or two, an' I hev seen one or two inc'dents would astonish some of the young gen'rals we has here. ' About the queerest thing I remember though was that case of Serg'n Bladdin, when I was in the Texas Blazers (ah, fine fellows they was them ' blazers,' had swallered a bullet every mother's son on '«m, and was frightened for nothin'). Well this Serg'n Bladd'n he was the couragousest man ever you saw. Why no matter what it was he'd face it. If it was a whole tribe o' redskins, an* him by his mortal self, he'd hev a go at 'em. He never turned his back to nothin' in his life, I b'iieve, an' but for that he might ha' been goin' in for the old Union this day. But he was bold once too orfen, an' it's of this once I'm goin' to yarn to ye. ' It was away at the Rocky Mountains, jest where them two spurs that the Puerco runs atween stretches to the EUth'ard, an' we 'ad 'ad some horful desperate fightin* for about two months. We 'ad licked the skunks once or twice, an1 once or twice they 'ad licked us with their infernal sneakin' movements, till one day our cap'n says, * boys,' says he, * we must tarmiaate this yer child's play ; why we ha'n't bagged fifty varmint this six weeks, an' it's time we done somethin'. To-morrow, lads, he says, determined like, we'll either do for every one o* them, or they '11 do for us, that's all,' an1 they wouldn't ha* had many on us if they had, seem* there wasn't more'n about forty on us all together, but we was tired lyin' about useless like, so we says ' all right, cap'n, we'll do it for ye. We'll go in, win or lose, says we, * an» we did go in that day, you swear. Why we sent about two hundred Injines to their happy huntin' grounds, and by sundown we was masters o* the whole o' that side of the country. Well, as we pitched camp that night under a clump of pine trees, says somebody, all of a sudden, * why, where's Serj'n Bladdin ?' an' then we all says * where on airth's Serj'n Bladdin ?' * He's after the Injines,' says one of us after thinkia' a bit. * The last I see of him a skunk 'ad given him a clap on the shoulder wi' a piece o' lead, an' he sets his teeth together an' he yells out, * ef I don't give that olfired devil Bmoke for that 'ere may I sever clap eyes on Lou'siana again,' an' wi' that he claps spurs to his nag, an' that's the last I see o' him.' *' WeH we set long an' long waitin' by the watch-fires, an' lookjn' out for the serj'n', for we all liked him j but at last we give it up. * He's gone,' ses the Cap'n, ' like one or two more of my brave comrades this day ; an' may the Lord rest him an* punish the wretches what murdered him.' * Amen,' ses E==s'we, for we had began to be 86 down in the spirits about poor Bladdin as the Cap'n, an' at last we dropped orf to sleep never thinkin' to see the poor serj'n' more. We could.i't 'a' slept very long, for the sun wasn't risen, but was jeat givin* a sly stare like over the prairies before he showed hisself; and the moon was goin' down sorter madlike iornake room for him behind the Rockies, when the sentinels hollers out, makin* us all jump to our feet an' grasp our shooters, for we thought the darned Injines was on us again. * Here's the serg'n1,' they screeched ; * wake up mates, here's ole Bladdin a-conun* like wind.' ?' An' sure enough thar he was gallopin* across a open place betwixt the pines (we knowed him by his hoss, a tall brute, like a camel, with a big white blaze down his face ; for it wasn't light enough to see Bladdin hisself plain), an' we all set up a hoorah to welcome him back. ** Through the trees ci ashed the ole hoss, as if all the devils in purgatory was arter 'im, an' in a moment he was into the camp. ** Hooray for the bould serj'n' !' we cries, wavin' our arms ; but next minute there wasn't one on us wasn't as white as a ghost, and we soon dried up our shoutin'. ' It was the curioueest darnedest horriblest sight ever I see, an* I never think on it without my blood runirn' as cold as a iced julep on a July high-day. There was the serj'n' sure enough at last, what was left on 'im ; for b'lieve me, or no jest, as ye like, there he was in his bloody jumper an' blue breeches, but without the head I The olfired devils »ad cut it orf ; an' the horse, mad with fear, had made straight for the camp, carryin* him, I can't make out how, along wi* him. ' That was the last of the brave serj'n', but the Injines paid for it yeou bet. Many a one on 'em squealed his last death screech for that same little transaction. But he was a fine fellow,' soliliquized the narrator in continuation, ' an sich a voice as he 'ad why he used to make the camp ring wi' his singin' many a night when we was set like this ; but poor ole chap he's singing somplace far better now for he was a good sort was Serj'n* Bladdin.'1* After some minutes silent pipe- puffing a raw recruit fresh from a far west city, who had struggled manfully to establish himself as a reputed wit gave vent to his humour : — ?' Well talking of a voice,' said he, smirking, ' I once knew a man what had the most tremendous voice ever you heard. Why he was most afraid to speak with his hat on case he mout knock the crown out, an' as for singin', -why once in chapel where he blessed seldom showed hisself, you bet, he come out wi' one o' these yer hymns that loud that the old pastor, says he, * Zack Daw,' he says, ? if yer can't stop that howlin' vamose my place o' worship, will yer. The hearts o' my young men' an maidens a'int goin' to be put out o' conceit o' religion for your bassoon by a darned sight.1 So Zack of coorse caved in- But the most larfable inc'dent as ever I heerd about Zack, for he \ras a most amoosin' cuss, was when he got converted an' went missionin1 to the Red skins — away ? ' But nobody listened to the would-be humourist, so after a few ghastly attempts at continuing his narrative he gradually 41 froze up ' under the severe gaze of Bill Gawley. The Yankee is fond of anything startling or funny but it must be original. Prom his knapsack George drew forth one of those remarkable writing cases — remarkable for their comprehen siveness — containing paper, envelopes, pens, ink, &c.;, &c;, and proceeded to write. I have his letter before me. It is brief and I will copy it. It is addressed to Eleanor Watson. What would have been his feelings when writing it could he have foreseen that the same post by which she should receive it would also bring to her the tidings of his death ? It is thus : — ' Before the Rebel Lines W ? , 5th May, 186— ** My dear Eleanor, ' I am on the eve of my first battle, and for what * The above swry was it- atcd t - ius by an old soldier almost exactly as I have written it ; but of course I canuot vouch for its authenticity nor ©rginality.— J. D. reason I can hardly guess. My mind is almost entirely engrossed with thoughts of home and you — but most of you. It is true that my heart is hi the cause which it loves, not so much on account of its merits as because it is that which I have espoused ; but still above all my yearning for glory for myself riseB the wish to distinguish myself for your dear sake. What I look forward to is not the adulation and praises of multitudes after victory, but the admiration and esteem of one — yourself. I knew not how much I loved you till once removed from you, when I examined into my heart, only to find there one influence, one hope — my Eleanor ! Forgive me if I pain you by this confession, forgive me if you cannot love me, but know that in battle or peace my life is yours. I cannot write more. In five minutes we will be on the march, and in a few hours we will be in the heat of the battle, and then, as now, my heart will be with you — iny idol. Remember me to your father. Yours most affectionately, ' George Bebtkam.' ' Fall in,' screamed a thin visaged subaltern. ' Fall in,' brayed the bugles, and in an instant the whole camp was in confusion. In less than an hour the entire column was pushing forward to be on the battle field by daybreak ! To be continued. 