STOCK-FARMING IN THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. The first definite application for land for squatting purposes at or near Port Darwin has been made to the Government by Mr. M. Dillon Cox, who recently arrived here by the Gulnare. This gentleman has had many years' experience as a stock-grower in New South Wales and Queensland, and has of late years been residing at Batavia. Having determined to return to Australia and resume his former pursuits, he happened to reach Koepang as the Marie Elizabeth was on the point of starting for Port Darwin. He accompanied her and dovoted a month to a careful inspection of the surrounding country, Captain Douglas affording him every facility for this purpose. The result was that he came on to Adelaide, and has applied to the Government to grant him a sulficient extent of country, which he will occupy as a pastoral tenant of the Crown. Should his terms be accepted, of which we believe there is every probability, he will at once go on to Queensland with the view of purchasing horses and cattle and travelling them across the country to the run he has selected. We publish in another column a letter from this gentleman, in which he points out the necessity of encouraging actual settle- ment if we wish to convert the Northern Territory from being an incubus upon our energies into a new field of successful enterprise. We do not under stand that in the suggestions he makes for the encouragement of settlers he is setting forth the terms demanded on his own behalf, but simply pointing out what might be done at no real loss to the State were the Legislature minded to adopt a liberal policy. As he truly points out land until it is occupied is really worth nothing, and speculators who take it up with no intention of turning it to immediate account, but simply to hold until settlement has enhanced its value and created an improved market for it, are in fact im- peding rather than promoting the pro sperity of a new country. His argument in fact is simply another phase of that of the land reformers— that it behoves the State to concern itself not only with the mere disposal of its waste lands, but also with the mode in which it is intended to turn them to account. Making the Northern Territory pay its own expenses from the first was very beautiful in theory, but this important principle of combining settle- ment with sale was necessarily ignored in the scheme, and the result has been that so far the experiment has proved a woful failure in practice. Our mistake is clear, and instead of despairing of the future it would be far wiser for us to turn our energies to the promotion of settlement in some such manner as that pointed out by our corre- spondent, as well as in the modes urged by us in former leaders on the subject. Mr. Cox speaks in the highest terms of the capabilities of the country he has in- spectcd, not only for the growth of stock, but also for the cultivation of tropical products. His experience in Java satis- ties him that sugar, cotton, and rice may all be successfully grown there, pro- vided Asiatic labour be procured. With regard to rice-growing, upon the importance of which we dwelt a few weeks ago, he informs us that he pointed out to Captain Douglas one spot alone where, for an extent of 50 square miles, an uninterrupted succes- sion of rice-fields might be laid down. The soil is rich, and there are abundant means both for irrigating and draining it. He anticipates no difficulty in finding a market for the produce of the country, and be lieves that Java alone, which is only about two or three weeks' sail from Port Darwin, would offer a considerable market both for horses and cattle; while the former if properly bred would find an almost inex- haustible demand in India with a much shorter and easier voyage than that from any of the present Australian settlements. We are of course unable to say how far these anticipations may ultimately be realized, but it is cheering to find the information so care- fully collected by Mr. Ross thus confirmed by one who has had a varied experience, and who offers the best proof of his sincerity in his resolve to cast in his lot with the country he has so recently visited. Hunting. — Sportsmen are reminded that a meet of hounds take* place in Glynde to-day . „ atl. 30 p.m., and previous to the throwing off the Club will transact business. Powdku Explosion.'— At the Euto Mine aa explosion of powder took place the other day unexpectedly, and as a very unfortunate result there is every probability of Captain Lord , losing his eyesight. Defaced Coinage.— We are informed that close upon £1,100 worth of worn and defaced coins were received at the Treasury up to Friday, July 14, which was the last day of acceptance. . .;i . Mining Shares.— From Moonta our corre spondent writes that Paramatta and ilaroloy snares readily fetch £8 now, and Poonas havo '. ' been sold at 10s. during the week. f ijifcROfaSA -GoiD-rtBLDS^-rThe correspondent I ?I the -?«iWf r Times ytritea:— 'The news from I the Humbiig Scrub is encouraging. Williams I \ae found gold in his claim. In the solid reef Coddard has had two tons of tailings crushed with a very fair result; more claims: are being taken out. The New Zealand party working in the bed of the river are cutting their tail race, and petting gold as they proceed. They are very sanguine of success. The discovery made by Allen, one of the Government prospectors, is toerog further developed, gold being obtained in several claims, . and consequent disputes arising. I was told lately as a positive fact that the alluvial diggers who were working ?n Costello's reef claim actually got £90 worth of gold in ene week. It was well known at the time that they had hit upon something .very rich, but it is only by. degrees that the above information has been obtained. Notwithstanding the undoubted richness of the spot, it is sur prising that scarcely 30 men are at work. This contrasts in a remarkable manner with the energy and excitement shown in the neighbour ing colonies when a new discovery is announced. Last week's Australasian mentions a rush which recently took place in New South Wales, where 2,000 people were quickly on the spot. Some such rushes in this colony, provided the diggers worked with a will, would undoubtedly soon result in the opening up cf more extensive gold fields than any we have yet seen. We may hope to bear of some good results beforepong from the Humbug Scrub Iteefs.' INQUEST at the Stockade.— On Friday. July 14, Mr. T. Ward, J.P., held an inquest at the Yatala Labour Prison, with Mr. W. Rains as Foreman, on the bedy of an aboriginal known as Bookmark Jack. John Fisher, Medical Officer to the Prison, stated that deceased had been under his notice for a considerable time. His symptoms of lung disease assumed a serious character about three months ago, and the dis order gradually became worse. Had seen him almost daily for the last three months. He died of disease of the lungs — consumption. In the beginning of May reported the case to the Comptroller as likely to terminate fatally. By the Foreman— Attended deceased as though he were a white man. He had everything he required, and had not done work for some time, witness thought for two months. Edward Bates Scott, Superintendent of the Prison, said Book mark Jack was undergoing a sentence of impri sonment for life with hard labour. Deceased had been in the prison about two years and four months. Never considered him a very strong man. Had noticed his health failing for some time, and especially during the past four months. His attention was directed to this by the medical officer during the last two or three months. Deceased placed himself on the sick-list, and witness had no further power after prisoners did so except as to their escape. Knew deceased had necessary comforts during his illness. By the Foreman Expected deceased's death. Dr. Fisher, re called. By a Juror — Last saw deceased alive on the morning of July 12. Visited the prison on the 13th. Deceased was then dead. His decease was only a question or time; it was expected. The Coroner intimated that there seemed ample evidence to show the cause of death. Twelve of the Jury agreed with this opinion, but one thought that a prisoner should be called to give further testimony. The Coroner, as 12 out of a Jury of 13 did not con sider this necessary, and thinking it undesir able to take up more time without need, did not, however, call other witnesses. Tho Jury then returned the following verdict after a few minutes' consideration : — ' We believe that tho deceased, Bookmark Jack, died of disease of the lungs, and not otherwise.' The Jury, with two exceptions, requested the Coroner to attach the following rider: — 'That they consider deceased had been well attended to in prison.' Something Like a Ghost. — Mr. W. T. Tregilgas, a well-known resident of Strathalbyn, writes to the local Press as follows:— 'Whilst taking a walk very early one moraing, through some motive which I cannot account for, I was induced to walk through a certain burying-ground, and coming to a grave surrounded by a wall and covered with a .slab of slate, I noticed on the slate something strange. It was scarcely light enough to see distinctly at first, but after waiting some few minutes I could see it plainly, and it appeared to be a side view of a female. I could distinctly trace tho head and body and the skirts, apparently full size. Not being satisfied with the sight I rubbed my hand on the form and fouud that that portion of the slate was perfectly dry, whilst the parts outside the form were very wet ?with the dew which had fallen, awl still not being satisfied I walked away and came back hi about 15 or 20 minutes after, and still the form was there, so I determined upon visiting it again next morning, which I did, and continued doing so for a week or more. During this time I only saw the form once after the first morning; but not being a believer in supernatural appear ances I tried to define the cause, but failed. In the course of conversation I told Mr. Morton what I had seen, and he visited the place and saw the form, although not so plain as it was when I saw it. The form was to be seen, and it lias been seen since by others. Now, I believe there is some natural cause which produces this strange appearance, and perhaps some person upon reading this will be able to satisfy the minds of those who have seen it, although many things have been advanced by people as the probable cause, but none that seems satisfactory to my mind and those who have been eye witnesses of the sight.' Northern Territory Specimens.— By the Gulhare the Museum of the South Australian In stitute received 11 bottles, containing fine speci mens of Northern Territory snakes, reptiles, and other objects of interest, preserved in spirits, from Sub- Inspector Foelsche. Mr. Stapleton also kindly forwarded the only specimen of the Poephfla mirabilis, or beautiful gvassfinch which had been seen there. This one was shot by him on the Roper. This bird— the loveliest of the finch tribe— is thus described by Gould:— tl Crown of the head and cheeks of a beautiful carmine, bounded posteriorly by a narrow line of black; throat black; to this succeeds a band of pale blue; narrow on the throat and broad at the back of the neck; breast crossed by a broad band of lilac separated from the yellow of the abdomen by a narrow line of orange; rump .and upper tail coverts pale blue; quills brown; tail black; bill fleshy white, becoming red at the tip; feet flesh colour.' Northern Territory Photographs.— It will be observed from an advertisement in another column that photographs of scenery in the Northern Territory can be purchased at Mr. J. Williams's, King William- street. They are from negatives taken by Captain Sweet, of the Gulnare, and are worth possessing, not only because of their execution, but the class of landscapes represented. The luxuriant foliage, which forms the chief feature in the views of 'Stokes's Hill' and the 'Jungle, twelve-miles from Camp,' is clearly brought out, and in the foreground of the latter picture are to be seen the figures of the Government Resident and several other persons. The views of 'Fort Hill,' the ' Garden and King's Table,' and the ' Camp and Government Resident's House' give a good idea of the progress of settlement and the primitive style of architecture adopted in the Northern Territory. Altogether the series will well repay inspection. New Gold Find.— A new piece of auriferous ground has been discovered between the old Echunga workings and Jupiter, half a mile east of Chapel Hill. Mr. E. G. Hughes has been working there for seven weeks, and although perhaps many men would turn away from similar prospects, he isinduced by the return of seven and eight shillings' worth a week to continue steadily working in the hope of coming upon a heavier deposit by tracing the lead which he has found. The gold, of which we were shown a sample, is of a very bright colour, and fetches above the *ferage price at the Bank. This superiority in Quality makes the discoverer believe that there is something better not far off, and we hope his perseverance may be rewarded by his coming upon it. Deep Sea Fishing.— Upwards of 120 fisher men belonging to Hobart Town and the dis tricts bordering on the Derwent are (the Mercury states) constantly employed in deep-sea fishing, They find the fish so abundant that not only can they supply the local demand, but also export considerable quantities to the Victorian markets, where they meet with a ready sale, not only at Melbourne, but also at several of the inland towns, to which the fish immediately on it's being landed is forwarded by rail. Death of Mr. .-Wilson Hard v.— We have jnst been informed by Mr. Catchlove of the death of Mr.' W. Hardy, of the well-known firm of Wilson Hardy k 'Co., Melbourne. The deceased, in connection formerly with the late Mr. H. H. Hans- sen, and more recently with the tirm of Hauscen & Catchlove,' has done a great deal to fo«ter the export trade of South Aus tralia in dairy produce, fruit, and cereals dnring the last 15 years, and his loss will be seriously felt. Mr. Hardy has many private friends in this colony, to whom his death will be a source of sorrow. He was in Adelaide about si* months ago. A.I.O.O.F. Picnic.— The delegates appointed to carry out this affair met at the Norfolk Arms on Friday, July 14 ; P.P. G. F. Ind in the chair. Owing to another picnic being fixed for the date formerly arranged it was agreed to postpone their festival, and a letter from the Chief Secre tary, granting the use of the Exhibition Building* on the day agreed to, was read. Various Sub Committees were appointed, and the delegates adjourned, after deckling that future meetings should be convened by means of advertisements in the daily Press. ? Dismissal.— The case against the ,. youth' Daniels, who was arrested in Melbourne lately, on a charge of larceny, was heard on July 12 at Moonta, and dismissed. The police then instituted a second charge of misappropriation as a bailee, but the result was the same, and the prisoner was discharged. The Foreign Trade of England in Books. — 'The printed books exported from the United Kingdom in 1869,' says a late London paper, 'weighed 59,294 cwt, and were of the value of £676,459. The books im ported weighed 11,463 cwt., and were of the value of £134,963; so that we send j forth five times as much as* we receive. Ten years before —in 1859— our exports of books reached only 33,915 cwt., of the value of £483,399; and our imports 6,520 cwt., of the value of £91,211. In 1869 we exported to the United States 19,675 cwt. of books, of the value of £205,885; to Aus tralia, 17,056 cwt., of the value of £148,329; to British India, 2,802 cwt., of the value of £44,146; and to Esjypt, 4,427 cwt. ; of the value of £79,127 ; and to British North America, 5,992 cwt., value £62,713; to British possessions in South Africa, 1,467 cwt., value £2*1,230; to the British West Indies, 845 cwt., value £2,676; to France, 3,345 cwt., value £27,085; to Hamburg, 1,073 cwt., value £16,814; to Holland, 793 cwt., value £12,377. Our imports of books in 18G9 included 3,629 cwt. from France, of the value of £48,509; 2,985 cwt. from Hamburg, value £41,180; 363 cwt. from Bremen, value £4.126; 1,442 from Holland, value £13,477 ; 1,298 cwfc. from the United States, value £10,277.' [From yesterday's Evening Journal.'] Mr. R. D. Koss.— The question has been asked by several of those interested in the pro gress of the Northern Territory and the tele graph line, whether Mr. R. D. Ross was to proceed to Palmerston on behalf of the Government. To this we are enabled to answer that no such arrangement has been made. Mr. Ross' services were much required ; but we believe that the negotiation relative to his going to Palmerston was not successful, and as the matter now stands he is not likely to be away from Adelaide more than about six weeks. Adelaide Football Club.— Amatch between the North and South teams will be played on the football ground this (Saturday) afternoon. Fire Brigade.— We are told that the Super intendent of Fire Brigades has had several meetings for practice with a number of smart young men, who have been lately enrolled, The corps has greatly improved during the short time that has elapsed since it was reorganized. At first thememberswere drilled in opening the plugs, putting down tho hydrants, screwing on branch pipes, running off lengths of hose from the reel, attaching them to the hydrants, turning on the water, and reeling up, and making all snug. Iu the beginning these operations occupied from 15 to 20 minutes; but the force having gradually become more effi cient, the whole process was, at a practice on Friday morning duly, managed, three times in less than SO seconds each time. The men performed the whole of the operations from a fresh plug, and reeled up ready for a start home in two minutes and a half. All the foremen belonging to the four reels situated in South Adelaide are new at the work, having been engaged on July 1. The North Adelaide reel is still in charge of Messrs. G. Harris and R. C. Clark, who have served for nine years as members of the brigade. Charitable. — On Tuesday evening the children of the Magill Orphan School enjoyed a treat in the exhibition of a large collection of dissolving views by Mr. Headdy, of the Port road, whose kindness was thoroughly appre ciated. The late Mrs. Wilson, of Onkaparinga.— In the country correspondence column of the Register and Observer there has appeared a uotice reporting the proceedings at a complimentary dinner given to Mr. R. T. R. Wilson, late clerk to the Onkaparinga Council. Mr. J. Johnston, J.P., presided, and there were present about 40 resideuts, including the Chairman and members of the District Council, who testified to their guest's worth and ability, while they expressed regret at his intention to leave for Europe. It was understood that while Mr. Wilson expected to improve his position by returning to Tweed mouth, where his father carries on a large iron foundry, yet the long-continued weak health of his wife was also a strong inducement in going. His friends will be grieved at learning from our obituary notices that she died on Friday morning at a friend's residence in Adelaide, where she has been staying till arrangements were com pleted for embarking. Her remains were re moved on Friday for interment at Woodsule. Northern Territory Employment.— It seems that Mr. R. C. Patterson is besieged by applicants for employment on the Port Darwin sections of the Overland Telegraph line, and receives so many letters from persons wanting places, or recommending those who do, that he has found it necessary to announce in the business columns of the Register inability to answer written enquiries or requests. He also notifies that on Monday, between hours stated, a sort of levee will be held, where he will finally receive personal offers of service. The Railways.— Not only does the Gazette continue to give the weekly returns of traffic upon the Port and Northern Railways, but^ it now furnishes monthly statements respecting tho other lines. For the month ending June 24, 80 passengers and 665i tons of goods were conveyed along the Port Wakefieldline, yielding an income, wharfage dues included, of £1% 13s. od. During the same period the Southern Railways brought in £141 16s., being the amount charged for the conveyance of 750 passengers and 277? tons of goods. Norwood and Kensington Corporation.— This Corporation met on Thursday evening for the consideration of the By-laws, which were partly gone through, and the Council then adjourned. Seizure on the Rivkr.— The Wentworth cor. respondent of the Southern, Arqits says:—' The' J. H. P. steamer, Captain Wallace, that passed up some two weeks ago, got into trouble at Wilcanma. She had on board beer belonging to Mr. Dutton, of Goolwa, a passenger on board. It was industriously hawked all the way up, but at Wilcannia the police seized the boat and ale, fined the captaiu £10 and costs for hawking without a licence, £30 and costs for carrying beer for sale, and con fiscated all the ale. An information was then laid sigainst Mr. Dntton for selling 18 gallons at Menindie, and he was fined £30 and costs. Another information for selling kegs at other places was withdrawn. The owners of the boat were fortunate in not having the boat con fiscated.' The writer continues:— ' It is evident that the police up there are determined to put a stop to the enormous amount of illegal traffic that has been carried on by the steam boats on the river to the detriment of the resident traders. The same thing is of daily occurrence here. I wonder when those whose duty it is will begin to look after the matter ; they certainly want waking up a little.' Fiax Culture.— Under the auspices of the Chamber of Manufactures, the series of letters, which Mr. S. V. Pizey, the Hon. Sec. of that institution, contributed to the Register and Observer on the subject of flax cultivation, is no«r published in pamphlet form. 