Jy another eoltahn is-piiMMied ail that is new of the goldmining lease rhlaiions, which are to come into force on the 13th February. The Argut, we observe, has Wven <afeoeariiigk' ehjecfehnTehearifigHywar- dens' duties, and -what not, that have been the ridicafeiarf :aher®(difiiaS morning press for the last two years, just as if Mr B rough Smvth;had srQkou some novelty. A loci evehing" contemporiaiy seems to have ; fallen into a similar error, for its editor de- rdfes aoblun® anaiarhalfgpf synopsis .ml running commentary to the very dry bones which have teen inurned once 1868 " the Goldfields." 'we'propoii amply to; analyse fhenew jprovisitina r-> There are, in reality, but two changes made.-, The firKh and least important is that in fiitnre applicants for gold mining, leases will not be required to deposit £15, as heretofore, at fhe fime of making appli- pffltion.. s The deposits, after, next month, 'vHil be £2 for areas under 10 aeries, £5:for areas under 30 acres, and 5s for every . additional acre above 30 acres. The survey fees, which remain as before, are to be an additional charge; After the payment of, the nsaal «xpenses,-the -balance of deposit money will be returned after the notice of refusal or abandonment of the application shall have appeared in the Gocernmeat Gazette. But no money will be refunded if the application be , abandoned , by the applicant, or if the lease applied for be refused in consequence of the land being lawfully held by other persons who have not consented to the issue of the lease, or if the applicant refuses or neglects to execute the lease within the time specified in the regulations. The sum forfeitable is certainly a small one in the case of applications for leases of less than 30 acres, but it runs into money where special leases are applied for. Take, for instance, an application for 230 acres of basaltic plain, required for alluvial mining — not an extravagant area when the nnViriCT is very deep, and the course of the leads doubtful. Should unforeseen circum stances compel the applicant to abandon his application, such as inability to collect from his partners tiie-£113 required for the first half-year's rent, which it will be remembered -must always be paid in advance, difficulty in .forming his company,: and other hin drances to Pairing up - the -lease which will , .-readily jOccut ho the. experienced miner, will it not be a hardship that his disappointment should be augmented by the 1ms of £401 But fhis is just the principle which per vades the leasing- regulations. The miner, instead of receiving encouragement from the department, is- throughout treated as a rogue and; A' vagabond.. In feet, the regulations were:-=drafted for a penal, not a . -free colony. We really cannot beAwhyihere should be any forfeiture at all The Government, as we have over andri over pointed out, has no nght toietain a single shilling beyond" the aetiial expenses incurred. The rent — and that "ls exorbi- Tanf ehongh, 1n"aB conscience's amply sufficient to pay all the expenditure of any moderately economical Government depart ment. ; " The " only approach "to : simplicity and common sense apparent : in the new regula tions is embodied in the dauses which give j' bPTipflrlal interest to complainants of tirweA'<$.leai»"'.ay$&m;%'i-"CTei here red: :tapery : is almost- as .rampant as ever. First, the objector- must; .have a miner's right yfhen he ' nuist. lodge £10 with the warden's cLeirk; an& neKe is to fill np a jjfhailnlA Betting to the Minister of ; . It: is entirely, optional with the antocrat of the department either to forward the complaint to the warden, or to gut ,it into the waste paper basket. How ever, we,wfll srqipose that Schedule "J, pro- ; perlv fixed up, has found its way back from , the Office of Mines to Ballarat or Bendigo, with directions fem the Minister to the , wanien to. bold a public enquiry concerning &e; aUeged'breach.bf . le'ebbFehariW ' Tbe warden theh holds bis edurt, and sends his report down to tire Minister of Mines, who is supposed to submit it to. the Governor in Council, who in torn exercises , plenary jurisdiction in the matter. He alone has the power to bind and to loose, and from his decision, or rather that of the Minister of Min there is no appeaL And here we must notice -one curious omission. The warden, although he" has no power to decide, upon any complaint, is empowered to mulct the objector in the whole of his £10 deposit, but not" a word. is saidra"bout giving . costs against the defendants. : , Thepld evil is , perpetuated, against which we - have had occasion so frequently, and' so bitterly to .inveigh. . The stecalled local jurisdiction is just as much a sham as iCver, for the for- - feitore of a lease reniains a imple matter of Ministerial caprioei ' We don't say that " proper representations " are made now tor the1- Secretary; of -Mihes as ifireqnently as itheyneed to be, bnt we do.mftinta.in that the sole power to grant azul refuse, to declare for feited or <pnfinn possession fe a most danger— o& jkivrlefoplatouLtheliahdsS aiprrtnally irresnmhleindividual,feom-!whose decision thereis no appeaL .lie voiceof, Ballairat Minister' of MrnS ' J|md Bal- larat vrillyet have" power to sweep awayjaU. thielumber1 a Kherii&raini; which- Mr Brepgh flmyth has so; snugly ensconced himself for. yeajs pastTTppmje, .too, the ISte Bariracle, vdth.it fL "" j Thje diprtsit 'fwliEy, to'cajlli nothing > worse, by which the . (Cluries Water "Com-f mission postponed -tiie establishment of at .wnfer-ppe "SnrffaiTrr J Ballarat, j is alrehcly bearing evil feuSfc1' TSier mafortn- nate inhabitanls Jcf Sandhurst, who.diive bng|».pmq<#Yyced between1 the iscanfy Baidrgo Waterwod£S, iqni: |he deep seat of-1 Mr Siillivan's Tnst prmnises I and . shrall' pfeffimmances, hAve-'At lpigth' &tftiieyeiy; pot to throw tout : their dirfy water "before they ton '.get -clean. There ds a Govin- ment rtoervoir .in'-'BprihgGhliy, 'which,. 'avmg io tiie copions "iSiiaspf last'seaaon, contains a gobdly nnmber' of gailons; ;<Jf a I Atreakyfinffiwhkhintiiatiarid negiontdoes 5duiy tor drinking'water. ' ' It is pioposed &rl; convey tifisyeffiwSsh.-fhy mains to jthe town Bandhnrst, wherejXtjmay be utilised dor feyibgd'jFlehhiBE'simmtore,?! fires, and, aftdi"%fevere filteation, possibly tiuret also. A supply of 800,000 gallons a and' Water Supply Department, the political; head of which has laid the case before "the Executive CdnnciL The spirit indeed is willing to grant the request, but the Govern- inent is weak in the matter of mains There are only 12-incb and 6-inch pipes available, so that Sandhurst- can either have 400.000 gallons a day " now, ' or wsit from nine to twelve months before getting fhn 800,000. The Executive Council ar rived at no dtvagifm, waiting „pMsbably.to- know whether Sandhurst would prefer hklf -a-losf-to no bread As ddays-are dan-- gerous, particularly in the case of Govem- rment water snpply,. we should recommend 4he Benjigonians to accept" half rations rather than be safely dependent for another year upon the one small reservoir of the Waterworks Company; ' 'ie Oc ' What we wish to .point out is this, that if sufficient encouragement had been: held out to Messrs 'Walker and Co., of this, city, or, any iron-founding firm in Melbourne, the manufacture of w&ter- pipes; -would - before rimvOiSve Ixicn a just as engine and boiler making is already. During the next, tenycai? the demand for water supply will -increase annually through- .imt tife dolcmy, without tritfg into, account the extension of -the mains in Melbourne and : suburbs, ' and Ballarat and neighbor hood. Shrely Xt would be wofth the: while of Government to foster Victorian -enter- prise in this . -direction, as they sMm more than half inclined to do in reference to loco- emotive engines and other , railway rolling Stock Very " little ' eritouragemenjt- would establish a pipe foundry hereioriim'JSfel- bonrne, and the advantages to be gained by the country would Jar:, more than counter" balance the extra oost ,(if , any) of|tiie"' colonial-made article.- The /pipes -could be" manufactured of any /pattern and any calibre quite as rapidly las ,in. .Eng land, and .thusfnlly six months'time "would be saved oh each contract. Furthermore, as every pipe would "be tested on thehpot there would be fewer fiaws and breakages, a consideration of some importance to com-: parties if hot to Government chief and resident engineers. This is altogether apart from the employment which one or more .pipe manufactories would give to -the hun dred of ironworkers now subsisting upon chance jobs. This of course is a matter of no consequence to Mr Peter Lalor and the patriotic gentlemen comprising the Chines Water Commission, nor yet to the mere importing firms, but/happily of the greatest , moment to all time Victorians. There is a certain amount -of :reason in the remark made by the Daily Telegraph : — " Given a- notoriously corrupt politician, " and neither the moral law nor the statute " law justifies respectable journals lending " themselves to propogate- charges of " crime against men who may lie innocent " — unless they themselves can1 substantiate " such charges." Yet we venture to think that wren a public' man, upon a public platform, makes calumnious attacks upon individuals residiiigmt a dis tance, and there is a thorough knowledge' of the falsity of the charges on the part of a journal published where the attack : is made, and a determination to give the fnllest 'contradiction to; 'the .libel, j that journal is not only justified, but compelled in the interests of society not to give the slanderer an opportunity- of .-evading the charge 6f wilful and malicious misrepresenta tion,- which it would do by suppressing the, statements of the slaViderer." Theletter from Mr J. B. Thompson, .which appeared in 1 our yesterday's issue, will surely satisfy the editor of the Daily Telegrajihih&t; nothing further in the way of refuta tion, is required from the Courier iln future." oifr contemporary will "be" good enough not to place- either the Satirist i or the New Yorle Herald, in juxtaposition with this journal, more particularly when, the comparison is.- in favor of the American prints. Should he do so, we shall' he very apt to give the retort more forcible than ' courteous. - We are in s position to state that Mr Frederick Willongbby has sworn a criminal. information fer libel against Mr C.H. J oces, f or the scandalbns ; statement against, him made by Mr Jones' at, Sebastopol oa , Monday night. Mr Willonehby ' has taken tunbrage ntur forfnBerting Mr Jones' remarks; bnt a little reflection will we: aiie.'eure , convince him that we have; rather :ftasUtef him .. .to put down this kind of infflaniBm, than done him the slightest Injury "by thtir 'publication. ' \- On Tuesday evening Mr Clarke addressed abont 120 electors at MHaffie's, Napoleons; Mr RUssell in tbe chair. After recapitulating bis political viewB at considerable length, tbe candidate answered several, questions <mfd great applanse. Mr J. MP. Rogers , moved and Mr Godfrey seconded a motion' to the effect that Mr Clarke was a fit - and proper person to represent the constituency , of Greoville, which was agreed to unanimously " amid three rounds of cheers. Astrongcommitt'e was subsequently formed to secure". Mr Clarke's return. . Mr M. M.Pope addreteed a meeting of the elec tors at Cberi Mars' hotel, on Tuesday -evening. He met with a gocd reception, and obtained a unani mous vote of confidence at tbe conclusion of a somewhat lengthy .speech. Mr Joseph Jones will address the electors of Ballarat West for the first' time, tn the Alfred Hail, to-morrow evening. Mr James Eddy, M.M.B , is a candidate for the suffrages of tbe electors of Ballarat East. In another column will be fonnd' reported a -meeting held last night at the Grapes hotel by Mr Deeble, oneef the candidates for the representa tion of Ballarat East. A meeting of the friends and toppof ters of Mr Joseph -Jones was held at the assembly room, Alfred Hall, last evening. The meeting was - attended by, -about -ISO pexnone; Mr Muir waB voted to the chair. - Mr JoneBraddreseed tbe meeting on various subjects, and raid" an epitome of bis general political views. The meeting was "unanimous in its" approval of Mr Jonis, and a motion for the adoption of the eddrrss, and confl-" denceinthe candidate, was'prdposedQstad carried by acdamation. A large number of names were afterwards jadded to Mr Jonestcomnjittre.I'' . Abont 160 of the electors of tbe Stiegtitzdivi- sion of SouttGrant mrt at Stieglitz on Monday last, according to previous announcement, and meeting (says the Geelong Advertiser ) resolved : 'bat it waa desirable that the arge district of i Stiegluz shonld have n representative in Farlla- in order that a "committee dt' seven gentletito -toomnseitetiertredreTOttrifetheinlanHme fo" wecare unanlimtyamimgBt aie voters otAthe did:1 trict in ginning the object in vieWjand iEpottlthe result of its efforts to the pf»tii>gwr8ihii4,y One or two gentlemen -were named as snitable peraona for reuresentktiray-bnt there will 1 beJ nothing JeflnitrtyAtniuged until Saturday next ; ; . In another portion of OS& iUy's Coiaier wfii be ifoimd .the prospectns jof tbe Balloat WooHen -Cloth Factoiy.ja tagtby. KbMraet-uf -which has already been pnbliehed in onr columns. It is- »<»J«ete«,»4ter,'wbat.;m)peared:oii' this eubject in tbe Courier, we sbonla state that we wish this enterprise tite fliuat q)i»tible nsea— - tore of sncees& : Alefcterfrwn Sfrl&ta; appears -in Sirotber tolnmn. to whltowe'feritetiie earnest Atteotioa r . The fcrasstonddf the. 8rd-BaUsrat, Ran Jem -had «nL agreepblepicDlc yreteVday 'Lte "Bnx» rumbeet Mr' Simnel Tial, of the Omnibni. . Cnnpuy, having generously placed ajarge 'bus aftheifidisposal, -about forty nromberg of tbe band and friend a,ficludfipg of conrie abir proportion of lsdles, made an -early start to-tbe-eoeae of actiop, and after a tnaet:erri(iyable dHvpfcsme to ;a - hal t - at "The Rocks," un' Hfie zmrtb-eastdrn margin of (beiake: /The usual routine of games, dancing and retavigoratfng, having been gone th rough; !lhe party xeuirned ImbfeAtA-kional hour in the evening, not, , however, befort.giriDg j the Bnrrnidbeet people a igood notion of jthe ®6tO ol pfcrK . toonia have tee»f ; included in the list of entries for the Geelong Steeplechase, A special meeting of tbe Hospital eommifeeffi fwas held last evening, in the board room of the institution; Mr O'Me&ra;, president, in the tour. Alec present, Messrs Mrdlen, Usher, Hammond, E J. : lewis, Bruphy, Higgans, K. C. Moore, Dowpes, Everingham, Fermewan, Smith, Magee, Stspbmis. Cameron, and Drs Bntler, Heise, and. Radcliffe. Tbe secretary, Mr Burro wes, read a letter from Mr Mitchell, of the firm of Messrs Randall and Mitchell, intimating that Mr B. S. Hawaii had presented to tbe institution 124-eharee- in tbe. Colonial Rank, which, it was considered, were -equivalent to a donation of Aldbjl The report and stitementof accounts to be laid before toe annnal .meeting of the. governors amd jsnb-, , seribera.on Frid»y..riEXt .were then read and adopted, Mr Usher havmg prid fee balance jof 1445, collc-cted iolntlyTDy tum. Mr Evermgham,- - and Mr O'Meara, it was moved, seconded, and f passed, that Mr Joseph F. Usher be appointed a life subscriber of the institution. Mr Higgans then moved, that the thanks of the ccmmittee be , presented to the president, who daring the past 1 year had so assidnously and satisfactorily dis charged the dnties of his office. The motion was- seconded by Mr E. C. Moore, and supported by Mr Everlogham and Mr Usher, one of the vice: jpresfa ienta, and carried nn animously. Mr O'Meara Tltcth'anfa, ffidLpte the pride and1 satiEfactioc be experienced in finding that the committee were satisfied with his efforts. The committee then repaired to an adjoining room where some light refreshment was provided. In response to thehdast of "the health of tbepreii', dent, Mr O'Meara returned thanks, and paid a' ' high compliment tn the committee who had acted with him daring the year, and through whose. ., attention and care the Hospital had here placed : in snto a state of efficiency as to compare-favor- . ; ably witb, if it'did notsmpaas, any eiuillar "insti- : "tutlon ebuthof'the lioe. Thh healths of the vice- president, the medical staff, and the officers, were also ccrdially drunk and responded to. At the Eastern Police Court yesterday, Edwin Carroll was charged with having sent threatening, letters to Jacob 8bowman, of Ballarat East, with a view to extort money. It appeared that the prosecutor had lent money on the mortgage of a ' house In SebtstopoUjrhlch, some time alter it bad been insured, was destroyed by fire. The insur ance money was handed to Mr Showman, who," " having dedncted ' the.' amOnnt lent;' pald ovet "the balance "tothe mortgagor, "Henhortiy afterwards received an anonymous letter, in which the writer stated that, " unless be received a sum of money, he would give such information to the insurance company as wonld upset the policy of insurance upon the house io question. Several letters were, subsequently sent to toe same effect, and finally ' the police arrested the prisoner, it having been found that he bad called at the Post Office for the answers to the letters cent to Mr Showman. From .. the eridence it wonld appear that tbe prisoner had -admitted -being " Observer,-" 'the name 'attached to the letters ssot. He was remanded till Monday, being allowed out on bail in the meantime. We raport briefly elsewhere the Barns' Anni versary Celebration, which went off with its customary euccsss, and formed au episode in the memory of onr Scottish neighbors of their home in tbe far North. - - - Tbe annual meeting of the Ballarat Orphan Asylum will be held in the Alfred Hall this evening at eight o'clock. Tbe half-yearly meet ing of the Fiji Planting and Trading Company will be held this evening at the same hour, at the Camp hotel. Tbe Hibernian Society also meet in their ball, at Dawson street, to make arrange ments for celebrating St. Patrick's Day. A woman named Ellen Bonrke was arrested yesterday by Sergeant Laroer, on a charge of being the keeper of a house frequented by persoDS having no visible lawful means of suuport. The woman was living in a bouse in Humffray street, near Mr Hamburger'e loan office, aud when the arreEt was made there were three squalid looking children in tbe bouse, who were taken to tbe lock up and charged with being neglected. Two of these are illegitimate children of her owd, and the" ether, named Jno. Stirrst, is the son ot a widow- living in the vicinity. All will be brought up at the Eastern Police Court this morning. ; _ The usual weekly parade of the B.V BJ was held last evening, when there was a large "muster of the men; the officers present were Major Smith, Captains Mosgrove and Johnson, and Lieut. Greenfield. The men were put through the new drill for some time, and gave unmistakable evidence not only of their desire bat of their capacity to became soon efficient in it, A long-needed addition to toe public buildings in Scarsdate has been made by the erection ot a common school, ample in size, excellent in design- and proportions,' and, although "of wood, very substantial, well ventilated, and erected on an elevated site well chosen for its central situation. Mob day, the 25th, wag selected by . the committee &f; inviting the poblie to a -soiree in the building andanmsical entertainment iathe TowoiHall in the eveniDg. Thc-edihles were provided by Mr Ward. of Sebastopol, who carried out his contract to hiajiEnal satisfactory, manner. ' A tempest, ac companied with heavy showers of "rain, occurred .at the time appointed for.tbe afternoon meeting, "which prevented some from attending, 'but the., interest felt in the undertaking was sufficient to secure a good attendance, and give fall employ ment to the fair ladies who presided at toe - weli- eprEadtables. Hr J. P. Roberts, J.P., presided at toe public meeting in tbe evening, whito was very crowded," rendering the heat oppressive in the ill- ventilated ballr The 'fin an rial report showed that over £600 had been expended, ot whito. abont £160 had to be provided for. The Misses Halt- and M'Kenzie, from Ballarat, were' present, -and charmed the audience with their singing.- Mr Dennantpresidedat toe piano forte, and Mr Gntler, on toe violin, contributed to tbe pleasure of the-erening. The Revs. J. Baird, S, Walker, and R. Hart gave addresses bearing on the ot ject of the meeting, and freely condemned a; purely secular system of education. They urged that the- cnltivBtion of the intellect to the neglect of the moral and spiritual nature of man -often resulted in - rain and -disgrace.: The lab are of -the committee and toe services of the vocalists and musicians were warmty -ackno wledged , and the proceedings were brought tea close by kinging tbe national antoem. The following ladies pre sided at the -tea tables, vie.:- — Mesdames Cutler, David; Pender,1 Peart, WiUerton, and-Mittoell; -the/Misses. Fraser,- Johnson; Paton, BiaJrie,and two Misses M'Oaig. - .. ' 1 A veiy extensive seizure was made on Tuesday afternoon at Maeklin's W est Eod Brewery, King street, by Mr Evans, the corporation revenoe in spector. It yras -discovered (writes toe Age) that beer was being sold without any" license having been obtained, -and in conseqnence about £4000 worth of property was seized for a contraven tion of toe act. The matter will come before the police magistrate in the coarse of a day or two. A vary sad case of suicide (writes toe cor- - respondent of toe Argus ) occurred at Sandhurst on Monday, .when 'Mrs John Lockhtrfr toe wife of a well-to-do storekeeper, residing in Mnndy street, poisoned, herself, in .consequence, it is said, of toe continual -intemperance of her husband Directly toe Information wis conveyed to the husband of the death of his wife be attempted to take his own We by.imttiBg his throat, but he was prevented, and taken to the lock-np,' where it was necessary. to employ. three mento hoiibim to prevent him.dpiog himself injury. Mrs Lock- hart received needful medical assistap(,J>at all was' of noa£!iand she died almoBt immedi&telyi; She was a/nteady and indnHtriona wpiiian, and leaves threftphildren, the eldest beingeevep years. '.MriXiockhsrt.wfcs tbe holder-CI ia fourth share in tbe original w>f toe Prince Alfred Tribute Com pany's claim;3hat paid eo avettfar a-uoneiilerable time, and-it %eemed that Ms prosperityvraa too much for him".- -1- The babks are getting' plenty of litigation of 'ate. The. Arrest cof Mr:Djmrec Longden ana i-Sh?%v:e,l-.;£d6sifing.. alpeless .-ritqn, t whlchj happened some little time b&ck;, promises (go8Hips . fee Age)\ fo 'be frnifeui qt.ipr6fit.,to , toe legal ,frjatomfy.. .'lYe ieafy%fet a writ, against the TiOndon Chartfyed .Baokf at Geelong waA loaned by to Longdebj "end wasl served .on Tuesday. The tknieJof aenon "-ted 'isL;tbat the bank die' ; konoreatherdaintiff'sjibeqnee during hisabsepce tn-GippB Land whilB attbeiametimefunds'were ' "dying to bis crH-ln fee bank. In consequence of toe. pheqnes .being dishonored an information was'zwojfii Against Mrikingfifrij-and-'proceediogs instituted -ftgalfizt vtim. " These, however, were atftenrards dropped: :Tbe -damages MrLongden claims against .the hank are fixed at £5000. Tenders for the CSty-of Dnoedin Corporation loan were opened -pn Tuesday by Messrs Bright Brotheip andTCmi and a :great portion of the AvmyfraportanfrEale of landed properties was held— yesterday at Mack's hotel, --Geelang, ;by. Messrs W. F. Docker and Co. There was a very, large "attendance,' Itnd -Ifiddings /were spirited Some Idls, however, had to be withdrawn as fee reserves were scarcely reached. The total amount ; in a great state of perturbation about a ghost. A something to the shape of a hnman being,, apparently of toe 'female eex, and dressed; to, ' "ghartlyfr wiatotoripppqaredtopeveral pereqni,, , sometimes at Prinres Park, and at others at/ Blackmail's Lead; bat no one has yet been able to get near it, the /figure receding so speednyfon", - being approached as to pnzzle, net only fee," j civilian onlookers, but also the police, whose aid, , JtafceVed |o eve; ; toe mystery. I : At Clanes, on Wednesday, Messrs L. A. Grknt: s h® -LMBani Jgj WpiBetoctedilrtbct! With Mr C. C. Dowling, P.K, aa the licensing bench , under fee new Liquor Statute. Itis steted a seizure tjf'tiqunrelSfyBiaa e on | the premises of Messrs T. Looby, of Bnllftrook, and C. Minster, of Smeaton, on Monday last. We are in receipt of Mr Mullen's TKy tastily- embellished card calendar for 1S7L. An adjourned meeting of shAreholders in the Polynesia Company was heldos Tuesday, for the purpose of dealing with th6 report of the sub- sfrpqrpjfcfif <>n the matters in dispute between the local committee and fee company agmt.in Fqi. , (MrBntts) presented at is previous" meeting held - on-fee 10th inst . The directorsXraJ"6 the Argus), havwigin tiw> mean time fnllf considered this report, brought np a delivetauce to tbe effect that. . 'WiPiaifijvmimH.tj m had wfaiwflfMtflid Ibli'lfcLtlV 4 ' positions of fte .agdt andrtbe .local conunltte, and confotuaded_niu.ch that mere conjeo fare or hearsay with questions that could, only be properly mod correSy dealt with by retertngjto the boohs of tbe company, and that the strictures" of the«ib-comraitte& as far as. qMr JButierR .was conctrned, were whAly nhmeijled; After s>me discussion it was arrranged that the directors aud the jmb'-oomnuttee atodld confer togetherLand hri"g Bp a joint report on the matter is dispizte, and lay the same before the shareholders on the Slst February next, io wtich day the meeting was adjourned ..'. . To give ail idea of the . state, of the erops about MonntProspect, we may state (eaya the Crtsicick Advertiser) that both Mr Newton and -Mr Pearton have paddocks of wheat, -containing over SOa, tpjiich they intend to burn down, being of opinion -that <th woold not pay/forl the >cufetijag«._lW e regret to learn . £aaysrour contemporary) there ere tnaoy more farthers in the neighborhood somewhat laaiarlyMfeifed? .asziW ' At the Sebastopol Police Court, on Wednesday, brfore fee Mayor and Mr J Edwards, J B., fee following caags were disposed of: — J. Mayberry v. E. Gaffney, £3. 8s, work ani. labor; .order fcr amount, and 7s 6d costs. J.- Bonrke rE. Gaffney ; srttied. 11 1 '"k ' 4 \- TheRxodsiorMtectrtis gave toer toirficntei- tainment at tbe Mechanics' Institute last evening, a fresh programme , being presented. Where all is so excellent it -is -in vain to particularise, -the only and "best test being In the " temper of fee awlipnwij which -T was both numerous and .delighted. It is a pleasing "feature of feis com pany 'that in 'all -tbdr eccehtricitise they do nothing to offend "the fastidiaas,-.and while the fun flows freely it is all harmless mirth. The singing of Messrs Amery, Clark, and Herman :is alone worthy of an audience, bnt when toe "brilliant perforinauce of Mr Herman" on "the" violin is added, with his wonderful harmonic effects, there certainly is a repletion : of good -music. Kelly, Buckley, and O'Brien are probably toe three beat dancers in their -particular line, and there ie no lack of humor, especially to the con- clnding sketch entitled— "Escape from Paris in a balloon, and terrible effect of the mitrailleuse," which must he Bern to be believed. Last night's programme will bs repeated this evening. 