THE NOVELIST. SOME CHAPTERS PROM THE RECOLLECTIONS OF GEOFFRY HAMLYN. IN WHICH ? GEORGE HAWKER SETTLES AN OLD SCORE WITH WILLIAM LEE, MOST HANDSOMELY, LEAVING, IN FACT, A LARGE BALANCE IN HIS OWN FAVOUR. I pauso here-I rather dread to go on. Although our oourse has been erratic and irregular ; although we have had one character disappearing for a long timo (like Tom Troubridge) ; and, although wo have had another entirely new, coming bobbing up in the man ner of Punch's victims, unexpected, and apparently unwanted ; although, I say, the course of this story may have been ill- arranged in the highest degree, and you may have been continually coming across some ono in Vol. H. who forced you to go back to Vol. I. to find out who he was ; yet, on the whole, we have got on pleasantly enough as things go. Now, I am sorry to say, I have to record two or three fearful catastro phes. The events of the next month are seldom alluded to by any of those persons mentioned in tho preceding pages ; they are too painful. I remark that tho Lucknow and Cawnpore mon don't much like talking about the affairs of that terrible six weeks ; much for the same reason, I suspect, as we, going over our old recollections, always omit the occurrences of this lamentable spring. The facts contained in tho latter end of this chapter I got from the Gaol Chaplain at Sydney. The Major, the Captain, and I, got home to dinner, confirmed in our suspicions that mischief was abroad, and very vexed at having missed the man we went iu search of. Both Mrs. Buckley and Alice noticed that something was wrong, but neither spoke a word on the subject. Mrs. Buckley now and then looked anxiously at her husband, and Alice cast furtive glances at her father. The rest took no notice of our silence and uneasiness, little dreaming of tho awful cloud that was hanginc; above our heads, to burst, alas ! so soon. I was sitting next to Mary Hawker that evening, talking over old Devon days and Devon people, when she said " I think I am going to have some moro quiet peace ful times. I am happier than I have been for many years. Do you know why? Look there." I shuddered to hear her say so, knowing what I knew, but looked where she pointed. Her son sat opposite to us, next to the pretty Ellen Mayford. She had dropped the lids over the eyes and was smiling. He, with his face turned toward her, was whispering in his eager impulsive way, and tearing to pieces a slip of paper which he held in his hand. As the fire light fell on his face, I felt a chill come over me. Tho likeness was so fearful !-not to the father (that I had been long accustomed to), but to the son, to the half brother-to the poor lost young soul I had seen last night, the companion of desperate men. As it struck mo I could not avoid a start, and a moment after I would have given a hundred pounds not to have done so, for I felt Mary's hand on my arm, and heard her say, in a low voice " Cruel 1 cruel ! Will you never forget ?" I feltguilty and confused. As usual, on such occa sions, Satan was at my elbow, ready with a lie, more or less clumsy, and I said "You do me injustice, Mrs. Hawker, I was not thinking of old times, I was astonished at what I set there. Do you think there is anything in it ?" " I sincerely hope so'" she said. "Indeed, and so do I. It will be excellent on even account. Now," said I, "Mrs. Hawker, will you tel] me what has become of your old servant, Lee ? I have reasons for asking." " He is in my service still," sho said, "as useful anc* faithful as ever. At present ho is away at a little hui in the ranges, looking after our ewes." '" Who is with him ?" I asked. " Well, he has got a new hand with him, aman whe came about a month or so ago, and stayed about splitting wood. I fancy I heard Lee remark that he had known him before. However, when Lee had tc go to the ranges, he wanted a hut-keeper ; so this mai went up with him." " What sort of a looking man was he ?" "Oh. a rather large man, red-haired, much pittec with the small-pox." All this made me uneasy. I had asked these ques tions by the advice of Dick, and, from Mrs. Hawker'i description tallying so well with his, I had little doub that another of the escaped gang was living actually ii her sorvice alone, too, in the hut with Loe. The day that we went to Mirngish, tho circum stances that I am about to relate took place in Lee'i ? hut, a lonely spot, eight miles from the home station towards the mountains, and situated in a dense ¿arl stringy-bark forest-a wild desolate spot, even as ii was that afternoon, with the parrots chattering anc whistling around it, and the bright winter's sun light ing up the greon tree- tops. Lee was away, and tho hut-keeper was the only livinj soul about the place. He had just made some bread and having carried out his camp-oven to cool, wai sitting on tho bench in the sun, lazily thinking wha he would do next. Ho was a long, rather powerfully-built man, anc seemed at first sight, merely a sleepy half-witted fol low, but at a second glance you might perceive tba there was a good deal of cunning, and some ferocity ii his face, fio sat for somo time, and beginning ti think that he would like a smoke, he got out his knif preparatory to cutting tobacco. Thojhut stood at the top of a lone gully, stretohinj away in a vista, nearly bare of trees for a width o about ten yards or so, all the way down, whioh gavi it the appearance of a grass-ride, walbd on each side b; a tall dark forest. Looking down thisj our hut-keope: saw. about a quarter of a mile off, a horseman eros from ono side to the other. He only caught a momentary glimpse of him, bu that was onough to show him that it was a stranger He neither knew horso nor man, at least judging by hi dress ; and while he was still puzzling his brains as ti what stranger would be coming to sucn an out-of-tb way place he heard the " Chuck, kuk, kuk, kuk,: of an opossum close behind tho hut, and started to hi feet. It would, of course, have startled any bushman ti hear an opossum cry in broad day, but ho know wha this meant well. It was the arranged signal of hi gang, and he ran to the place from whence the soun< came. George Hawker was there -well dressed, sitting 01 a noble ohestnut horse. They greeted one another witl a friendly curse. As is my custom, when recording tho conversatioi of this class of worthies, I suppress tho expletives thereby shortening thom by nearly ono half, anc depriving tho public of much valuable information, "Well, old man," began Hawker, "is tho coas clear ?" " No one here but myself," replied tho other. " I'n hut-keeping hero for one Bill Leo, but he is away. H was ono of tho right sort onco himself, I have heard but ho's been on the square for twenty years, so I don' like to trust him." "You ar 9 about right there, Moody, my lad," said Hawker. "FvejuBt looked up to talk to you about kim and other mattera-I'll como in. When will he be back? " Not before night, I expect," said the other. " Well," said Hawker, " we shall have tho more time to talk : I've got a good deal to tell you. Our chaps are all safe and snug, and the traps are off. Only two, that's you and Mike, stayed this side of tho hill ; the rest crossed the ranges and stowed away in an old lair of mine in one of the upper Murray gullies. They've had pretty hard times, and if it hadn't been for the cash they brought away, they'd have had worse. Now the coast is clear, they're coming back by ono3 and twos, and next week we shall be ready for business. I'm going to be head man this bout, because I know tho country better than any ; and the most noble Michael has consented, for thia time only, to act as lieutenant. We haven't decided on any plans yet, but some think ef beginning from the coast, because that part will be clearest of traps, they having satisfied themselves that we ain't there. In fact, the wise acres have fully determined that we are aÚ drowned. There's one devil of a foreign doctor knows I'm round though ; he saw me the night before you came ashore, and I am nigh sure he know mo. I have been watch ing him, and I could have knocked him over last week as clean asa whistle, only, thinks I, it'll make astir before the time. Never mind, I'll have him yet. This Lee ia a black sheep, lad. I'm glad you are hore ; you must watch him, and if you seo him flinch, put a knife in him. Ho raised the country on me once before. I tell you, Jerry, that I'd bo hung, and willing, to morrow, to have that chap's life, and I'd havo had it before now, only I had to keep still for the sake of the others. That man served me the meanest, dirtiest trick, twenty years ago, in tho old country, that ever you or any other man heard of, and if he catches sight of me the game's up. Mind, if you see cause, you deal with him, or else-" (with an awful oath)-"you answer to the others. " "If ho's got to go, he'll go," replied theothor dog gedly. " Don't you fear me ; Moody the cannibal ain't a man to flinch." " What is that tale true, then ?" asked Hawker, looking at his companion with a new sort of interest. "Why, in course it is," replied Moody. " I thought no one doubted that. That Van Diemen's Land bush would starve a bandicoot, and Shiner and I walked two days before we knocked the boy on the head ; the lad was gotting beat, and couldn't a' gone much further. After throe days more we began to watch one another, and neither one durst walk first, or go to sleep. Well, Shiner gave in first : he couldn't keep his eyes open any longer. And then, you know, of course, my own life was dearer than his'n."* " My God ! That's worse than ever I did !" said Hawker, j " But not worse than you may do, if you persevere, You promise well," said Moody, with a grin. Hawker bent and whispered in his ear ; the other listened for a time, and then said " Make it twenty." Hawker after a little consideration nodded-then the other nodded-then they whispered together again. Something out of the common this must be, that they, not very particular in their confidences, should whisper about it. They looked up suddenly and Lee was standing in the doorway. Hawker and he started when they saw one another, but Lee recovered himself first, and said " George Hawker, it's many years since we met, and I'm not so young as I was. I should like to make peace before I go, as I well know that I'm tho chief one to blame for you getting into trouble. I'm not hum bugging you, when I say that I have been often sorry for it of late years. ^But sorrow won't do any good. If you'll forgive and forget, I'll do the same. You tried my life once, and that's worse than ever I did for you, And now I'll tell you, that ii you want money to get out of the country and set up anywhere else, and leave your poor wife in peace, I'll find it for you out of my own nocket." " I don't bear any malice," said Hawker ; " but I don't want to leave the country just yet. I suppose you won't peach about having seen mo here ?" " I shan't say a word, George, if you keep clear of the home station ; but I won't have you come about there. So I warn you." Lee held out his hand, and George took it. Then he aaked him if he would stay there that night, and George consented. Day was fast sinking behind the trees, and making golden boughs overhead. Leo stood at the hut door watching the sun sot, and thinking, perhaps, of old Devon. He seemed sad, and let us hope he was regret ting his old crimes whilo time was left him. Night was closing in on him, and having looked once more on the darkening sky, and the fog coldly creeping up tho gully, he turned with a sigh and a shudder into the hut, and shut tho door. Near midnight, and all was still. Then arose a cry upon the night so hideous, so wild, and so terrible, that the roosting birds dashed off affrighted, and tho dense mist, as though in sympathising fear, prolonged the eohoes a hundredfold. One articulate cry, "Oh! you treacherous dog !" given with tho fierce energy of a dying man, and then night returned to her stillness, and the listners heard nothing but the weeping of the moisture from tho wintry trees. *. * * « Tho two perpetrators of the atrocity stood silent a minute or more recovering themselves. Then Hawker said in a fierce whisxjer " You clumsy hound ; why did you let him make that noise ? I shall never get it out of my hoad again, if I live till a hundred. Let's get out of thia place before I go mad ; I could not stay in the house with it for salvation. Get his horse and come along." _ They got the two horses, and rode away into tho night ; but Hawker, in his nervous anxiety to get away, dropped a handsome cavalry pistol-a circum stance which nearly cost Doctor Mulhaus his life. They rodo till after daylight, taking a course toward tho sea, and had gone nearly twelve miles before George discovered his loss, and broke out into petu lant imprecations. "I wouldn't have lost that pistol for five pounds," he said; "no nor more. I shall never have ono like it again. I've put over a parrot at twenty yards with it." "Go back and get it then," said Moody, "if it's so [valuable. I'll camp and wait for you. We waut all the arms we can get." ".Not I," said George ; " I would not go back into that cursed hut alone for all the sheep in the country." " You coward," replied tho other, " afraid of a dead man! Well, if you won't, I will; and, mind, I shall keep it for my own use." " You're welcome to it, if you like to get it," said George. And so Bloody rode back. " Tills story is true in ovory particular, and is, or was, notorious in Van Diemen's Land. Two convicts and a boy escaped, and, trying to cross tho island, got Eliott of pro visions. They killed tho boy, and livod on Iiis flesh whilo it lasted. A Uer that, ono of tho mon murdered thu other, whoso flesh lasted long enough to tako him back to tho settlement, where he surrendered himself. I ought to apologize for tolling such a terrible talo, but it is strictly true. HOW DB. MULHADS GOT BUSHED IN THE BANGES, AND j WHAT BEFEL HIM THEKE. i I must reour to the same eventful night again, and relate another circumstance that occurred on it. AB events thicken, time gets more precious; so that, whereas at first I thought nothing of giving you the events of twenty years or so in a chapter, wo are now compelled to concentrate time so much that it takes three chapters to twenty-four hours. I read a long novel once, the incidents of which did not extend over thirty-six hours, and yet it was not so profoundly stupid as you would suppose." All the party got safe home from tho pic-nio, and were glad enough to get housed out of the frosty air. The Doctor, above all others, was rampant at the thoughts of dinner, and a good chat over a warm fire, and burst out in a noble bass voice, with an old Ger man student's song about wino and Gretchen, and what not. His music was soon turned into mourning ; for as they rodo into the court- yard, a man came up to Cap tain Brentwood, and began talking eagerly to him. It was one of his shepherds, who lived alone with his wife toward the mountain. The poor woman, his wife, he said, was taken ia labour that morning, and was very bad. _ Hearing there was a doctor staying at the home station, ho had come down to see if ho could como, to their assistance. " I'll go, of course," said the Doctor ; " hut let mo get something to eat first. Is anybody with her ?" "Yes, a woman was with her; had been staying with them some days." " I hope you can find the way in tho dark." said the Doctor, "for I can toll you I can't." "No fear, slr," said the man, "there's a track all the way, and the moon's full. If it wasn't for the fog it would be as bright as day." * He took a hasty meal and started. They went at a foot's pace, for tho shepherd was on foot. The track was easily seen, and although it was exceedingly cold, the Doctor, being well wrapped up, contrived, with incessant smoking, tobe moderately comfortable. All external objects being a blank, he soon turned to his companion to seo what he could get out of him. ""What part of tho country are you from, my friend ?" " Fra' tho Isle of Skye," .the man answered. " I'm one of tho Macdonalds of Skye." " That's a very ancient family, is it not?" said the Doctor at a venture, knowing he could not go wrong with a Highlander. " Very ancient, and weel respeckit," tho man answered. "And who is your sheik, rajah, ohieftain, or what you call him ?" " My lord Macdonald. I am cousin to my lord." "Indeed! Ho owns the whole island, I suppose?" " There's Mackinnons live there. But they are inter lopers-they are worthless thrash," and ho spit in disgust. " I suppose," said the Doctor, " a Mackinnon would return the compliment, if speaking of a Macdonald." Tho man laughed, and said, ho supposed " Yes," then added, " Seo ! what's yon ?" "A white stump burnt black at ono side-what did you think it was?" "I jaloused it might bo a ghaist. There's a many ghaists and bogles about here." "I should have thought the country waa too young for those gentry," said the Doctor. " It's a young country, but there's been muckle wickedness done in it. And what are those blacks do you think?-next thing to devils-at all events, they're no' exactly human." "Impish, decidedly," said the Doctor. "Have you ver seen any ghosts, friend?" "Ay, many. A fortnight agone, come to-morrow, I saw the ghost of my wife's brother in broad day. It was the time of the wind ye mind of ; and the rain drove so thick I could no' see all my sheep at once. And a man on a white horse came fleeing before the wind close past mo ; I knew him in a minute ; it was my wife's brother, as I tell ye, that was hung fifteen years agone for sheep-stealing, and ho wasn't so much altered as ye'd think." " Some one else like him !" suggested the Doctor. " Deil a fear," replied tho man, " for when I cried out and said, '"What, Col, lad! Gang hame, and He in yer grave, and dinna trouble honest folk,' he turned and rode away through the rain, straight from me." " "Well !" said the Doctor, " I partly agree with you that the land's bewitched. I saw a man not two months ago who ought to have been dead five or six years at least. But are you quite sure the man you saw was hung ?" ""Wellnigh about," he roplied. ""When we sailed from Skye ho was under sentence, and they weren't over much given to reprieve for sheep-stealing in those , days. It was iri"consequence o' that that I carno hore." " That's a' very tolerable ghost story," said tho Doctor. "Have you got another? If you have, I shouldn't mind hearing it, as it will beguile the way." "Did you ever hear how Faithful's lot wero murdered by the blacks on the Merrimerangbong ?" " No, but I should like to ; is it a ghost story ?" " Deed ay, and is it. This is how it happened : "When Faithful came to take up his country across the mountains yonder, they were a strong party, enough to have been safe in any country, but whether it was food was scarce, or whether it was on account of getting water, I don't know, but they separated, and fifteen of them got into Yackandandah country before the others." " "Well, you see they wore pretty confident, being still a strong mob, and didn't set any watch or take any care. . There was one among them (Cranky Jim they used to call him-he has told me this yarn-he used to be about Reid's mill last year) who always was going on at them to take moro care, but they never heeded him at all. " They found a fine creek, with plenty of feed and water, and camped at it to wait till the others came up. They saw no blacks, nor heard jof any, and three days were past, and thoy began to wonder why tho others had not overtaken them. "The third night they were all sitting round tho fire, laughing and smoking, when they heard a loud co'ee on tho opposite side o' tho scrub, and half-a dozen of them started up and sang out, " There they are? "Well, they all began co'eeing again, and they heard tile others in reply, apparently all about in tho scrub. So off they starts, one by one, into the scrub, answer ing and hallooing, for it seemed to them that their mates wero scattered about, and didn't know where they were. Well, as I said, fourteen of them started into tho scrub, to collect the party and bring them up to tho fire ; only Old Cranky Jim sat still in the camp. Ho behoved, with tho others, that it was tho rest of their party coming up, but he soon began to wonder how it was that they were so scattered. Then he heard one of them scream, and then it struck him all at once that this was a dodgo of the blacks to draw tho men from the camp, and, whon they wore abroad, cut them off ono by one, plunder tho drays, and drive off tho sheep. " So he dropped, and crawled away in tho dark. Ho heard tho co'ees grow fewer and fewer as tho mon were speared one by one, and at last everything was quiet, and then ho know ho was right, and ho roso up and fled away. " In two days he found the other party, and told, them what bad happened. They came up, and there was some sharp fighting, but they got a good many of their sheep hack. " They found the men lying about singly in the scrub, all speared. They buried thom just where they Found each one, for it was hot weather. They buried them four foot deep, but th,ey wouldn't lie still. "Every night, about nine o'clock, they got up. again, and begin oo'eoing for an hour or more. At first there's a regular coronaoh of thom, then by degrees the shouts get fewer and fewer, and, just when you think it's all over, one will break out loud and olear, closo to you, and after that all's still again." "You don't believe that story, I Bupposo?" " If you press mo very hard," said tho Doctor, "I must confess, with all humility, that I don't !" ' " No moro did I," said Macdonald, "till I heard 'em !" ' ' Heard them !" said tho Doctor. " Ay, and seen them !" said the man, stopping and turning round. " You most agreeable of mon 1 pray tell mo how." " Why, you see, last yoar I was coming down with some wool-drays from Parson Dorkin's, and this Cranky Jim was with us, and told us tho same yarn, and when he had finished, he said, ' You'll know whether I speak truth or not to night, for we'ro going to camp at the place where it happened.' ' ' Well, and so we did, and as well as we could reckon, it was a little past nine when a curlew got up and began crying. That was the signal for the ghosts, and in a minute they were co'eeing like rand all round. As Jim had told us, ono by ono ceased until all was quiet, and I thought it was over, when I looked, and saw, about a hundred yards off, a tall man in groy crossing a belt of open ground. He put his hand to his mouth, gave a wildjfshout, and disappeared !" " Thank you," said the Doctor. " I think you men tioned that your wife's confinement was somewhat sudden." " Yes, rather," replied the man. "Pray, had you been relating any of tho ohorming little tales to her lately- just, wo will suppose, to wile away tho time of tho evening ?" " Well, I may h'avo done so," said Macdonald, " but I don't exactly mind." " Ah, so I thought. The next timo your good lady happens to bo in a similar situation, I think I would refrain from ghost stories. I should not like to commit myself to a decided opinion, but I should be inolined to say the tales you havo been tolling mo were rather horrible. Is that tho light of your hut ?" Two noble colley dogs bounded to welcome them, and a beautiful bare-legged girl, about sixteen, ran forth to tell her fathor, in Gaelic, that the trouble was over, and that a boy was born. v On going in, they found the mother asleep, whilo her gossip held the baby on her kneo ; so the Doctor Baw that he .was not needed, and sat down, to wait until tho woman should wake, having first, however, produ ced from his saddle two bottles of port wine, a present from Alice. Tho woman soon woke, and tho Doctor, having felt her pulse, and left some medicine, started to ride home again, carrying with him an incense of good wishes from the warm-hearted Highlanders. Instead of looking carefully for tho road, tho good Doctor was soon nine fathoms deep into the reasons why the mountaineers and coast folk of all northern countries should bo moro blindly superstitious than tho dwellers in plains and in towns : and so it happened that, coming to a fork in the track, he disregarded the advice of his horse, and, instead of taking tho right hand, as ho should have done, ho held straight on, and, about twe o'clock in the morning, found that not only had he lost his road, but that the track had died out altogether, and that he was completely abroad in the I bush. I He was in a very disagreeable predicament. The fog was thicker than ever, without a breath of air ; and he knew that it was as likely as not that it might last for a day or two. He was in a very wild part of tho moun tain, quite on the borders of all tho country used by white men. After some reflection, he determined to follow the fall of tho land, thinking that he was still on the water shed of tho Snowy-river, and hoping, by following down some creek, to find some place he knew. Gradually day broke, cold and cheerless. He was wet and miserable, and could morely give a guess at tho east, for the sun was quite invisible ; but, about eight o'clock, lie came on a track, running at right angles to the way ho had been going, and marked with tho hoofs of two horses, whoso riders had apparently passed not many hours bofore. Which way should he go ? He could not determine. The horsemen, it seemed to him, as far as ho could guess, had been going west, whilo his route lay east. And, after a time, having registered a vow never to stix out of sight of the station again without a compasSj he determined to take a contrary direction from them, aal to find out where they had come from. Tho road crossed gully after gully,- each one like the other. The timber was heavy stringy-bark, and, in tho lower part of tho shallow gullies, tho tall white stems of tho blue gums stood up in tho midst like ghosts. All nature was dripping and dull, and ho was chilled and wretched. At length, at tho bottom of a gully, rather more dreary looking, if possible, than all tho others, he came on a black reedy waterhole, the first ho had seen in hit ride, and perceived that the track turned short to the loft. Casting his oyo along it, ho made out the dark indistinct outline of a hut, standing about forty yardi off. He rode up to it. All was as still as death, Nc man came out to wolcomo him, no dog jumped, bark ing forth, no smoko went up from the chimney ; and, looking round, ho saw that tho track ended hero, and that ho had ridden all these miles only to find i deserted hut. But was it deserted ? Not very long so, for thosi two horsemen, whoso tracks ho had been on so long, had started from hore. Hero, on this bare spot ii front of the door, they had mounted. One of thei horses had been capering ; nay, here were their foot stops on the threshold. And, whilo he looked, thor' was a light fall inside, and the chimney began smoking "At all events," said the Doctor, " tho fire's in, an< here's tho camp-oven too. Somebody will be hero soon 11 will go in and light my pipe." I He lifted the latch, and went in. Nobody there Stay-yes, thoro is a man asleep in tho bed-place "Tho watchman, probably," thought tho Doctoi " ho's been up all night with the sheep, and is takin I his rest by day. Woll, I won't wako him ; I'll han up my horso a bit, and take a pipe. Perhaps I mn, I as well turn the horso out. Well, no. I shan't wai j long ; ho may stand a little without hurting himself. So soliloquised tho Doctor, and lit his pipe, J quarter of an hour passed, and the man still lay thor I without moving. Tho Doctor rose and wont close t him. Ho could not oven hear,him breathe. His flesh began to creep, but his brows contracted and his face grow firm. Ho went boldly up, and pullei down tho blanket, and then, to his horror and amaze mont, recognized tho distorted countenance of th unfortunate William Lee. He covered tho face ovor again, and stood thinkinj of his situation, and how this had como to pass. Hov came Leo hero, and how had ho mot his death ? A this moment something.bright, half-hidden by ablu< shirt lying on the floor, caught his eye, and, going tc piok it up, he found it was a beautiful pistol, mounted in silver, and richly chased. He turned it over and over, till in a lozenge behind the hammer, he found, apparently scratched with « knife the name, " G. Hawker." Hore was a light with a vengeance ! But he had little time to think of his discovery, ere he was startled by the sound of horse's feet rapidly approaching th« hut, Instinctively he thrust tho pistol into his pocket, and stooped-down, pretending to light his pipe. He heard some one ride up to the door, dismount and enter the hut. Ho at once turned round, pipe in mouth, and confronted him. He was a tall, ill-looking, red-haired man, and to the Doctor's pleasant good morning, he replied by sulkily asking what he wanted. " Only a light for my pipo, friend," Baid the Dootor ; "having got ono, I will bid you good morning. Om friend hero sleeps well." Tho now comer was between him and the door, but the Doctor advanced boldly. When the two men were opposite their eyes met, and they understood one another. Moody (for it was he) threw himself upon the Doctor with an oath, trying to bear him down 3 but, although tho taller man, he had met his match. Ho was held in a grasp of iron ; the Doctor's hand was on his collar, and-his elbow against his face, and thus his head was pressed slowly backwards till he foll to avoid a broken neck, and fell, too, with such force that he lay for an instant stunned and motionless, and beforo ho came to himself tho Doctor was on horseback, and some way along the track, glad to have made so good au escape from such an awkward customer. " If he lind been armed," said tho Doctor, as ho rodo along, " I should have been killed ; he evidently came back after that pistol. Now, I wonder where I am ? I shall kuow soon at this pace. The little horse keeps up well, seeing he has heon out all night." In about two hours he heard a dog bark to tho left of tho track, and, turning off in that direction, he soon found himself in a court-yard, and bofore a door which ho thought lie recognized ; the door opened at the sound of his horse, and out walked Tom Trou bridge. "Good Lord 1 said tho Dootor, " a friend's face at last ; tell me where I am. for I can't seo the end of the house." "Why, at our place, Toonarbin, Dootor." " Well, take me in, and give me some food ; I have terrible tidings for you. When did you last see Lee ?" " Tho day beforo yesterday ; ho ÍB up at an outlying hut of ours in the ranges." " Ho is lying murdered in his bed there, for I saw him BO not three hours past." Ho then told Troubridge all that had happened. "What sort of a mau was it that attacked you ?" said Troubridge. Tho Doctor described Moody. "That's his hut-keeper that he took from herewith him ; a man he said he knew, and you say he was on horseback. What sort of a horse had he ?" "Agood-looking roan, with a new bridle on him." "Lee's horse," said Troubridge; "ho must have murdered him for it. Poor William !" But when Tom saw the pistol and read the name on it, ho said "Things are coming to a crisis, Doctor; the net seems closing round my unfortunate partner. God grant the storm may come and clear the air ! Any thing ÍB-better than these continual alarms." " It will be very terrible when it does come, my dear friend," said tho Doctor. "It cannot be much more terrible than thiB," said Tom, "when our servants are assassinated in their beds, and travellers in lonely huts have to wrestle for their lives. Doctor, did you ever nourish a passion foi revenge?" "Yes, once," said the Doctor, "and had it gratified in fair and open duel ; but when I saw him lying white on the grass before me, and thought that he was dead, I was like ono demented, and prayed that my life might ho taken instead of his. Be sure, Tom, that revenge is of tho devil, and, like everything else you get from him, is not worth having." ' I do not in the least doubt it, Doctor," said Tom, "but oh, if I could only have five minutes with him on the turf yonder, with no one to interfere between us ! I want no weapons ; let us meet in our shirts and trou sers, like Devon lads." " And what would you do to him ? " " If you weren't there to see, he'd never tell you." " Why nourish this feeling, Tom, my old friend ? You do not know what pain it gives me to see a noble open character like yours distorted like this. Leave him to Desborough,-why should you feel so deadly towards tho man ? He haB injured others moro than you." "Ho stands between me and the light, and he must stand on one side." That night they brought poor Lee's body down in a dray and buried him in tho family burying-ground, dose beside old Miss Thornton. Then the next morning he rode hack home to tho Buckley's, where ho found that family with myself, just arrived from tho Brentwood's. I of course was brimful of intelligence, hut when the Dootor arrived I was thrown into the shade at once. However, no timo was to be lost, and we despatched a messenger, post-haste to fetch back Captain Desborough and his troopers, who had now been moved oif about a week, but had not boen as yet very far withdrawn, and wore examining into some " black " outrages to the northward. Mary Hawker was warned, as delicately as possible, that her husband was in tho neighbourhood. She remained buried in thought for a time, and then rousing horsolf, she said, suddenly : " There must be an end to all this. Get my horse, and let me go home." In spito of all persuasions to the contrary, she still said tho same. "Mrs. Buckley, I will go home, and see if I can meet him alone. All I ask of you is to keep Charles with you. Don't let the father and son meet, in God's name." " But what can youMo?" urged Mrs. Buckley. "Something, at all events. Find out what ho wants. I am quito determined." Thou it became neoessary to tell her of Lee's death, though the faot of Ivis having been murdered was con cealed ; but it deeply affected her to hear of the loss of hor old faithful servant,- faithful to her at all "ovonts, whatevor his faults may have been. Nevertheless, sho went off alone, and took up her abode with Trou bridge, and there they two sat watching ia the lonely station, for him who was to come. Though they watched together, thero was no sym pathy or confidence between them., She never guessed what purpose was in Tom's heart ; she never guessed what made him so pale and gloomy, or why he never stirred from the house, but slept half the day on tho sofa. But ere sho had been a week ut home, Bhe found out. Thus : They would sit, thoso two, silent and thoughtful, beside,that unhappy hearth, watching the fire and brooding over the past. Each had that in their hearts which made them silent to one another, and each felt the horror of some overflowing formless oalainity, which any instant might take form, and overwhelm thom. Mary would sit late, dreading the woary night, when her overstrained sense caught every sound ia tho dis tftat forent i bat« however late she »at, «he always left * Tom bellina, o vor the firo, not taking his comfortable glass, but gloomily musing, but as muon changed from his old self as mon could be. She now lay always in her clothes, ready for any cmergonoy ; and one night, about a week after Lee's murder, she dreamt that her husband was in the hall, bidding her ina whisper which thrilled her heart, to oome forth. The fanoy was so strong upon her, that saying aloud to herself, " The end is come ! " she arose in a state little short of delirium, and went into the hall. There was no one there, but she went to the front door, and looking out into the profoundly black gloom of the night, and said in a low voice : ' ' George, George, come to rae 1 Let me speak to you, George, It will be better for both of us to speak." No answer : but she heard a slight noise in the sitting room behind her, and openiug tha door gently, Baw a light there, and Tom sittihg with parted lips watching tho door, holding in his hand a cocked pistol. Oho was not in the least astonished or alarmed. She was too much tete montee to bo suprised at anything. She said only with a laugh " What ! are you watching, tho, old mastiff ? Would you grip the wolf dog if he came?" " Was he there, Mary ? Did you speak to him ?" " No ! no !" she said. " A dream, a wander ing dream. What would you do if he came ? eh, cousin ?" " Nothing ! nothing !" said Tom. " Go to bed." " lied, oh ?" she answored. 41 Cousiu, shooting is an easier death than hanging, eh ?" Tom felt a creeping at the roots of his hair, as he answered-"Yes, I believe so." " Can you shoot straight, old man ? Could you shoot straight and true if he stood there boforo you ? Ah, you think you could now, but your hand would shake when you saw him." "Goto bed, Mary," said Tom. " Don't talk like that. Lot tho futuro lie, cousin." She turned and wont to her room again. All this was told nie long after by Tom himself. Tom j believed, or said he believed, that sho was only sounding him, to see what his intentions were in case of a meeting with George Hawker. I would not for the world have had him suppose I disagreed with him ; but I myself take another and darker interpetation of her strauga words that night. I think, that she, never a very strong-minded person, and now grown quite desperato from terror, actually contemplated hor hus band's death with complacency, nay, hoped, in her seoret heart, that one mad struggle between him and Tom might end the mattor for ever, and leave her a free woman. I may do her injustice, but I think I do not. One never knows what a woman of this kind, with strong passions and a not over-strong intellect, may be driven to. I know her for forty years, and loved her for twenty. I knew, in spite of all her selfish ness and violence that thoro were many good, nay, noble points ia her character ; but I cannot disguise from myself that that night's conversation with Tom showed me a darker point in her character, than I knew of before. Let us forget it, I would wish to have none but kindly recollections of the woman I loved so truly and BO long. For the seoret must be told sooner or later. I loved her before any of them. Before James Stockbrdge, before George Hawker, before Thomas Troubridge, and I loved her more deeply and more truly than any of them. But the last remnant of that love departed from my heart twenty years ago, and that is why I can write of her so calmly now, and that is the reason, too, why I remain an old bachelor to this day. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 