EXT RAO BDINARY STORY OF LORD BROUGHAM. ONE of the nost remarkablo stories recently told appears in Lord Breugkatn's autobiography, which hus just been ieaucd by Mcîsrs. Ulacksvood :-"A most remarkable thing happened to me-so remark- able that I must tell the story from the beginning. After I left the High School I went with G-, my most intimate friend, to attend tho classes in tho University, 'lhere was no divinity class, but wo frequently in our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects-«meng othors, on tho immortality of the soul, and on a futuro state. Thia question, and tho possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but of tho dead appearing to the living, wero subjects of much specu- lation; and wo actuully committed tho folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our blood, to tho ellect that whichever of us died first 6h»uld appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the ' life after death.' After we had finished our classos at the college, G-went to India, having got an appointment thero in tho civil Bervice. Ho seldom wrote to mo, and nftor tho lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him ; moreover, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I Boldom saw er heard anything of them, or of him thremgh them, so that all tho old school- boy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly for-, gotten his existenco. I had taken, as I have said, a warm bath ; nnd while lying in it and enjoying tho comfort of the heat after the lato freezing 1 had underdone, I turned nay head round, lsoking towards the chair on which I had depeaited my clothe?, os I was about lo get out of the bath. On tho chair sat G-, looking calmly at mo. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found mysolf sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was that hud taken tho likeness of G-, had disappeared. This vision produced such u sheck that I had no inclination to talk about it, er to speak about it evon te Stuart ; but the impression it »ade upon mo was too vivid to bo easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected hy it that I have hero written down tho whole history with tho date, December 19, and all the particnlars, as they are now freeh before me. No doubt I had fallen . asleep, and that the appearance presented ee distinctly, to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt ; yet for years I had had no com- munication with G-, nor had there been anything to recall him te my recollection. Nothing had taken place during our Swedish travels either con- j nected with G- or with India, or with any- thing relating to him er to any membor of his family. I recollected quiokly enough our eld dis- cussion, and the bargain we had made. I could mot discharge from my naind the impression that G must have died, and. that his appearance to ne was to bs received by xao as a proof ef a future state." This was on December 10, 1709. In October, 18G2, Lord Brougham added as a postscript:-"I have just boen copying out frosa nay journal tho account of this Btrange dream. Certissinia mortis imago ! And now to finish the story, bogus, about sixty years since. Soon after my return to Edinburgh there arrived a letter from India announcing G-'s death, and stated that he had died on December 10!" 