THE NOVELIST. THE MYSTERY OF EDWIN DEOOD. BY CHARLES DICKENS. Ii is the custom of Miss Twinkleton, v en those visits ocour, to appear every three minutes, either in her own person or in that of Mrs. Tishor, and lay an offering on the shrine of Propriety by affecting to look for some desiderated article. On tho present occasion, Miss Twinkleton, gracefully gliding in and out, says in passing: "How do you do, Mr. Drood? Very glad indeed to have the pleasure. Pray excuse me. Tweezers. Thank you !" "Igot the gloves last evening, Eddy, and I like them very muon. They are beauties." "Well, that's something," the affianced replies, half grumbling. " The smallest encouragement thank fully received. And how did you pass your birthday, Pussy?" "Delightfully! Everybody gave me a present. And we had a feast. And we had a ball at night." "A feast and a ball, eh? These occasions seem to go off tolerably well without mo, Pussy." "Delightfully!" cries Rosa, in a quite spontaneous manner, and without the least pretence of reserve. " Hah ! A nd what was the feast ?" "Tarts, oranges, jellies, and shrimps." " Any partners at the ball?" ' ' We danced with one another,' of course, sir. But some of the girls made game to be their brothers. It was so droll." "Didanybody make game tobo--" "To be you? Oh dear yes!" cries Rosa, laughing with groat enjoyment. " That was the first thing done." " I hope she did it pretty well," says Edwin, rather doubtfully. " Oh ! It was excellent ! I wouldn't dance with you, you know." Edwin scarcely seems to see the force of this ; bogs to know if he may take tho liberty to ask why ? ''Because I waa so tired of you," returned Rosa. But she quickly adds, and pleadingly too, seeing dis pleasure in his face : " Dear Eddy, you were just aa tired of mc, you know." ' ' Did I say so, Rosa ?" "Say so! Do you ever say so? No, you only showed it. Oh, she did it so well !" cries Rosa', in a sudden ecstacy with her counterfeit betrothed. " It strikes me that she must be a devilish impudent girl," says Edwin Drood. " And so, Pussy, you have passed your last birth-day in this old house." "Ah, yes !" Rosa clasps her hands, looks down with a sigh, and shakes her head. . " You seem to be sorry, Rosa." " I am sorry for the poor old place. Somehow, I feel as if it would miss me, when I am gone so far away, so young." " Perhaps we had better stop short, Rosa?" She looks up at him with a swift bright look ; next moment shakes her head, sighs, and looks down again. " That is to say, is it -Pussy, that we are both resigned ?" She nods hor head again, and after a short silence, quaintly bursts out with: "You know we must be married, and married from here, Eddy, or tho poor girls will be so dreadfully disappointed." Por the moment there is more of compassion, both for her and for himself, in her affianced husband's face, than there is love. He checks the look, and asks : " Shall I tako you ont for a walk, Rosa dear ?" Rosa dear does not seem at all clear on this point, until dior face, which has been comically reflective, brightens, " Oh, yes, Eddy ; let us go for a walk ! And I tell you what we'll do. You shall pretend that you are engaged to somebody else, and I'll pretend that I am not engaged to anybody, and then we shan't quarrel." " Do you think that will prevent our falling out, Rosa?" " I know it will. Hush ! Pretend to look out of window-Mrs. Tisher ?" Through a fortuitous concourse of accidents, the matronly Tisher heaves in sight, saya, in rustling through the room like the legendary ghost of a Dowager ia silken skirts: "I hope I see Mr. Drood well; though I needn't ask, if I may judge from his com plexion? I trust I disturb no one ; but there was a paper-knife-Oh, thank you, I am sure !" and dis appears with her prize. " One other thing you must do, Eddy, to oblige me," Bays Rosebud. "The moment we get into the street, you must put me outside, and keep dose to the house yourself-squeeze and graze yourself against it." " By all means, Rosa, if you wish it. Might I ask why?" ' " Oh ! because I don't want the girls to see you." " It's a fine day ; but would you like me to carry an umbrella up ?" " Don't be foolish, sir. You haven't got polished leather boots on," pouting, with one shoulder raised. " Perhaps that might escape the notice of the girls, even if they did see me," remarks Edwin, looking down at his boots with a sudden distaste for them, " Nothing escapes their notice, sir. And then I know what would happen. Somo of them would begin reflecting on me by saying (for they are free) that they never will on any account engage themselves to lovers without polished leather boots. Hark ! Miss Twinkle ton. I'll ask for leavo." That discreet lady being indeed heard without inquiring of nobody in a blandly conversational tone as she advances : "Eh? Indeed ! Are you quite sure you Baw my mother-of-pearl button-holder on the work table in my room ?" is at once solicited for walking leavo, and graciously accords it. And soon the young couple go out of tho Nuns' House, taking all precau tions against tho disoovery of the so vitally defective boots of Mr. Edwin Drood : precautions, let us hope, effective for the ponce of Mrs. Edwin Drood that is to bo. " Which way shall we tako, Rosa?" I Rosa replies :- ' I " I want to go to tho Lumps-of-Delight shop." » To the-?" " A Turkish sweetmeat, sir. My gracious me, don't you understand anything ? JDail yourself an Engineer, and not know that?" " Why, how should I know it Rosa ?" " Because I am very fond of thom. But oh ! I forgot what we are to pretend. No, you needn't know any thing about them-never mind." Soho is gloomily borno off to-tho Lumps-of-Delight shop, where Rosa makes her purchase, and, after offering some to him (which he rathor indignantly declines), begins to partake of it with great zest ; previously taking off and rolling up a pair of little pink gloves, like rose-leaves, and occasionally putting nor little pink fingers to her rosy lipa, to cleanse them from the Dust of Delight that comes off the Lumps. M " Now, be a good-tempered Eddy, and pretend. And BO you are engaged ?" "And so I om engaged." " IB she nice?" " Charming." "Tall?" ' ' Immensely tall !" Rosa being Bhort. " Must be gawky, I should think," ÍB Rosa's quiet commentary. . "1 °eg your pardon ; not at all," contradiction rising in him. " "What is tormed a fine woman : a splendid woman." " Big nose, no doubt." is the quiet commentars again. " Not a little one, certainly," is the quiet reply. (Rosa's being a little one.) " Long pale nose, with a red knob in tho middle. ] know the sort of nose," .says Rosa, with a satisfied nod, and tranquilly enjoying the Lumps. 'You don't know the sort of nose, Rosa," with some warmth ; " because it's nothing of the kind." " Not a pale nose, Eddy ?" " No." Determined not to assent. "Arednoso? Oh! I don't like red noses. How ever ; to be sure, she can always powder it." " She would scorn to powder it," says Edwin, becom mg heated. " Would she ? What a Btupid thing Bho mußt be Is she stupid in everything ?" "No. In nothing." After a pause, in which the whimsically wicked fae« has not been unobservant of him, Rosa says : " And this most sensible of creatures likes the idet of being carried off. to Egypt-does sho, Eddy?" " Yes. She takes a sensible interest in triumphs o; engineering skill ; especially when they are to chang* the whole condition of an undeveloped country." " Lor !" says Rosa, shrugging her shoulders, with t little laugh of wonder. "Do you object ?" Edwin inquires with a majestic turn of his eyes downward upon the fairy figure : " Do you object, Rosa, to her feeling that interest ?" " Object ? My dear Eddy ! But really. Doesn't she hate boilers and things ?" "I can answer for her not being so idiotic as to hate Boilers," he returns with angry emphasis ; " though I cannot answer for her views about Things ; really not understanding what Things are meant." " But don't she hate Arabs, and Turks, and Fellahs, and people ?" u Certainly not." Very firmly. " At least, she must hate the Pyramids ? Come, Eddy." " Why should sho be such a little-tall, I mean Goose, as to hate the Pyramids, Rosa ?" " Ah ! you should hear Miss Twinkleton," often nodding her head, and much enjoying the Lumps, " bore about them, and then you wouldn't ask. Tire some old burying-grounds ! Isises, and Ibises, and Cheopses, and Pharaohses ; who cares about them ? And then there was Belzoni, or somebody, dragged out by the legs, half choked with bats and dust. All the girls say servo him right, and hope ithurt him, and wish ho had been quito choked." The two youthful figures, side by side, but not now arm-in-arm, wander discontentedly about the old Close ; and each sometimes stops and slowly imprints a deeper footstep in the fallen leaves. " Well !" says Edwin, after a lengthy silence. " According to oustom. We can't get on, Rosa." Rosa tosses her head, and says she don't want to get on. I " That's a pretty sentiment, Rosa, considering." " Considering what?" " If I say what, you'll go wrong again." "You'll go wrong, you mean, Eddy. Don't b.e ungenerous." ' ' Ungenerous ! I like that. " " Then I don't like that, and so I tell y«u plainly," Rosa pouts. " Now, Rosa, I put it to you. Who disparaged my profession, my destination-" "You are not going to be buried in the Pyramids, 1 hope ?" she interrupts, arching her delicate eyebrows. "You never said you were. If you are, why haven't you mentioned it to me ? I can't find out your plans by instinct." " Now Rosa, you know very well what I mean, my dear." "Well then, why did you begin with your detest able red-nosed Giantesses ? And she would, she would, she would, she would powder it !" cries Rosa, in a little burst of comical contradictory spleen. " Somehow or other, I never can come right in these discussions," sayB Edwin, sighing, and becoming resigned. " How is it possible, sir, that you ever can come right when' you're always wrong. And as to Belzoni. I suppose he's dead-I'm sure I hope . he is-and how can his legs, or his chokes concern you ?" " It is nearly time for your return, Rosa. We have not had a very happy walk, have we ?" . "A happy walk? A detestably unhappy walk, sir. If I go upstairs the moment I get in, and cry till 1 can't take my dancing-lessons, you are responsible, mind ?" " Let us be friends, Rosa." " Ah !" cries Rosa, shaking her head, and bursting into real tears " I wish we could be friends. It's because wo can't bo friends, that wo try ono another so. I am a young little thing, Eddy, to have an old heartache ; but I really, really, have, sometimes. Don't be angry. I know you have one yourself, too often. Wo should both of us have done better, if What is to be had been left, What might have been. I am quite a serious little thing now, and not teasing you. Let each of us for bear, this one time, on our own account, and on tho I other's !" Disarmed by this glimpse of a woman's nature in the spoilt child, though for an instant disposed to resent it as seeming to involve the enforced infliction of himself upon her, Edwin Drood stands watching her as she childishly cries and sobs, with both hands to tho hand kerchief at her eyes, and then-she becoming moro composed, and indeed beginning in her young incon stancy to laugh at herself for having been so moved leads her to a seat hard by, under the elm trees. " One clear word of understanding, Pussy dear. I am not clever out of my own line-now I come to think of it I don't know that I am particularly clever in it but I want to do right. There is not-there may bo I really don't seo my way to what I want to say, but I must Bay it before wo part-there is not any other young-?" " Oh no, Eddy ! It's generous of you to ask mo ; but no, no, no." They have como very near to tho Cathedral windows, and at this moment the organ and the choir sound out sublimely. As they sit listening to tho solemn swell, tho confidence of last night rises in young Edwin Drood's mind, and he thinkB how unlike thia music is, to that discordance. "Ifancy I can distinguish Jack's voice," is his remark, in a low tone in connexion with the train of thought. " Take mo back at once, pleaae," urges hia Affianced, quickly laying her light hand upon his wrist. "They will all be coming out directly ; let us get away. Oh, what a resounding chord ! But don't let us stop to listen to it-lot us get away !" Her hurry is over, as soon as they have passed out of tho Close. They go, arm- in-arm now, gravely and deliberately enough, along tho old High-street, to the Nuns' House. I At tho gate, the street being -within sight empty, Edwin bends down his face to Rosebud's, She remonstrates, laughing, and is a ohildish school girl again. " Eddy, no ! I'm too stiokey to be kissed. But give me your hand, and I'll blow a kiss into that." He does so. She breathes a light breath into it, and asks, retaining it and looking into it : " Now say, what do you see ?" ' "See, Rosa?" " Why, I thought you Egyptian boys could look into a hand and see aU sorts of phantoms ? Can't you see a happy Future ?" For certain, neither of them seeB a happjr Present, aa the gate opens and closes, and one goes in and the other goes away. 