LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. The committee of the Blaekall testimonial fund, in pursuance of a resolution passed at their Brst meeting, have sent out about sevrenty subscription-lists for the use of eollectors, including most of the business places in town. and the station-owners and principal farmern in West Moreton. As some little dilficulty seems to have occurred with regard to the appropriation of the funda lo be raised, we may obsere lthat no decision an the matter can yet be arrived at. When the money heas been collected a meeting will be convened for the purpose of allowing the subscribers themselves to de' termine in what way they wish their subscriptions to be applied. Persons possessing the necessary qualificeations for exercising the elective franchise, but whose names are not on the eleetoral roll of their district, are again reminded that they ehould send in their claims to the C.P.S. not later than to-morrow. Tile weathller up to Saturday evening was very hot and clammy, rendering life almost a burden. On Friday evening we lhad a very heavy rain, lasting about an hour, and at noon on Saturday there was also a smart shower. Since Saturday afternoon the temperature, although hardly lower, has been less opplresaire, the air being more clear and dry. The weather we have now will suit the cotton admirably, whereas, hIad the mugginess of last week continued, it could hardly have failed to develop the caterpillar and the worm. A proclamation in Saturday's Goern.sent Gazoetle notifies the further prorogation of Parliament from Tuesday the 4lth of February to Tuesday the 21st of March. There is nothing said about meeting then "for dispatch of businesm," so that we hay presume there will be a further prorogation, say till the first or escond week in April. Thie usual annual election of aldermen.and auditors for the Ipswich municipality iill takelib plane on Toes. day the 7th instant, and nominations from ratepayers will be received up to the morning of!the eaition. No nominations for aldermen have r yet beenh:mde s rague rumours only exist ho to thedtikeliood:of new candidates coming forward. For the auditoiahip the names of feour gentlemen mae oonfidentlyeaentionedil? seeking the otlees.. A notice from the Town Olbrk in another column etates that no natepayers mwill be allowed to vote .at the elestion whose rates are in arrear. Mr. & J. Smith; Land domminesioior will hpld a sale at his offces in the Oourt-hotuse on next lhitsdays, the lots for sale being agrloultral loand, >'ituated xn the parishes of Coochin and Tenthlll t'The nusual monthly court will be held on thi foli|wing day (Friday), when about forty applioations will be dealt with , , • • . .. ?: '',;?; The annual genearal meeting. l#'oa iany Q.V.R. will be held this evening at the'dtil-roomn, at which the 'annual report will' e submitted, and a committee will be elected for the eningyear. At the Ipswich Grammar fohool tudisas.,were re sunmed yesterday, when an inoreased numberf pupils were in attendance. The examination for eoholthipa will commenoe to-morrow.,. , The primary aeshools under the Botidf Education will reopen on Monday next, ifter the sumdind va4. tion, when the ordinary buliies'sI the sohbdolswill resumed. We trust the long epell o%:'il'piay" will not have had the effset of rendering ·acL a dull boy," am too much work is aid.to do. ... On Thursday evening next the entertainment in aid of the Ohurch of England School will take place at the School of Arts. It willconsistof an exhibition of diesolving views, chromatropes, comic akesphsi,&n.; and the volunteer band will be in attendanne. On Saturday and Monday evenings Mr?['ifsdale's'e dreamariuo ompany again performed in the SBohool of Arts; on.both oceasion to rather small houesep. Last night was the iual eppiarasce of the eompehy, uAl eient patronage 'not being soorded towarrat them in making a longer stay. At the Policeeourt ye.ltarday Patrec .a mc, was eharged with drnhsaqoeses tand uising Projp Ian· guage in the public rst.t ~For the latter osf p he was fined 40s., or in default a ounth'e im'prisinmsnt in Briabane gaol t; and be was discharged from the offence of dronkenesse, with a caution asto aturo c•nduot. nduct, We have seen a preserving melon oTg s o tistra. ordinary size, grown by Mr. '. W. Dodwe'll its weight was 651bs. , ... .:liT The following has heels frpafodedtrs s'jo pthe Woogarno~l~unatin 6ef~~i'hii~'i~ l.'Tha acting ..orgeso-n-epeentepdenk aatkdeshldes, with ihenks,.the ,reeipt .of a-Large ?arse df1ilustireted periodioals fratm . Wallace Barnett, ??sgq.( United States' Consul, Brisbans, for the see of the petiple." A retort reued tp pp r dsr morning that a farm- laboeorsr nampd j. E had bhen drowned in the river, at Oil ? ? ;C e?.??ir cunmestanoes are reporte isfiwi an othe employ of Mr. Charlel T , a farmer residing at Onley, and was working bii Friday iafternoon' with Mr. Lane and another man namt d Cllaghan in one of the paddocks. He compla??saevaral tm es of the day being'rery hot, and wa dvised by Mr"~ ne to go to the hut and cool himself, which heo &&aere; turned again to his work. About 8??Vbkin-the afternoon he left his work, and pjiosded id the direa tion of the honese, and as his ainppyeg tligjh that'he had some reason for gaing, 'he-did not qustiop .hint. Shortly afterwards, a litsle'bopy, s mns hif Mr?."osa'e, canems and asked his father if he had asnt Egan to khe banana-grove, s he had en him 1goiqg chep p! Mr. Lane replied n Nba- 'nd odahlt't'n minmuteesaffotreards went up to the house acd asked his wife if she knew what had brought Egn to thnsBsanasP 'Ms. Lana replied that it had utrsek her'whm,?s he had seen him going there that he was abou?todrwe himself. Mr. Lane then wentto tohe bananas, ana taI?esd ga'foot steps half-way into the groee, bttheriilosttst l He then went and gaot Callaghan, and ths1b d in treeaoing .theieseis to the dg'sfthi iat wau thenalbout hohbf-tidesrhd ta?de h e wiea up for the time. flbbit: S' hipkd 'ib6id went out, Mr. Lane, in o41n with .aallagbhan and a boy named Miahs,6Vit , esnoeoeded in traing the footsteps farto fse itnd of the river. allaghan states thse b", when he wasL proceeding in the diretioti ofr Lane's - ose and asked him how he was gettng along. t replied:thstit wa too hot" o Iv"e. Itas. sup'pppd chat in aed of tempbra lflittniig, cobuh yi% d by the inteses heatf'th;xifFotte t hoa~ 'hs'iim. self into the river. 'It ma ee~i ted'on'tiia'dt ight that a body was seen dokting near Oxley, which it supposed will prove to be that of dseased.-Coni'is. We have .several t~imdes ales attention to Mr. Fuller's mission to the aborigiqese of Fraser'?leland. M'r. Fuller bha for some years past been a devoted bushbmisionary,'aud w~s inuaedbi the promise of assista?ce from various religious bodies, to consider the advisabilityof establishingap l?siot to theabori gines tt Fraser's Island. Afterwards, fndingiatthe promised assistance was not forthooming,~bitill started in the work, and has been laboudnaiihe island alone, and for thie last part, of the ne ip,a deplorably destitute condition. "S' far as wve oan ascertain, he'has not received help from any religiops denomination with the exception of ones-the poorest in denomination in Queenslaud--namely,the Ppmtiue Methodiets. Collecrions are in coore or bein se at the various Primitive Methoditi'Chsils m This district in aid of Mr. Fuller' raiin'isn, and a small sum has already been forwarded to hlti.' 'One of the most interesting and most paroniptly' paia contribh: tions to this fund was £1 absfcribed by a number oP" South Sea Islanders in the neighbourhoodof Brisbane, who hearing of Mr.' Fsller's miision and his neees sities, at once waited upon the eor. J. Buckle, of Adoelaide-street, with the money. We are creditably informed that Mr . J. c. Foots, of Messrs. OCibb and Foots, Ipamch, will thankfully receive contributions toward the mission fund; and for the atedit of lisp colonists generally, and profeosing Ohritiasie particu larly, we 'trust that Mr. Fuller 'will not be left to starre, or be driven from hIis work at so early a stage for want of a few pounds with which to purchase the necesearies of life.--Ibid. Some very good sport was experienced on Wednes day afternoon (says the Cleveland Bay Express) by Mr. P. Thistlethwayte, Dr. Callaghan, and some others, who succeeded in bagging an alligator. Mr. Thistlethwayte, who was standing on the verandaih of Dr. Oallaghan's cottage overlooking the creek saw an alligator swim to the opposite bank. Mr. Thistlethwayte and Dr. Callaghan crossed over in a punt and were joined by a flsherman. They managed to crawl within twenty yards of the alligator without disturbing him, and tie fisherman armed with a shot gun, and Mr. Thistlethwayte with a rifle, both fired; tihe latter hit him just behind the fore-arm, and the reptile crawled three or four paces into the water, leaving his tail exposed on the bank. The three sportsmen rushed at, and seised the alligator's caudall appendage, and a most exciting struggle took plaie; The saurian made eavage but ineffleetso attempts to bite his persecutors, who courageously stuck to his tail while others beat him about the head with stieks until he gave up the ghost. When it was ascertained that he was quite dead he was towed across the creek, and it was found that he measured nearly nine feet in length. His outside armour was oovered with scars and scratches, as if he had suffered in various combats with his scaly brethren. It was not, there- fore, thought worth preserving. The skull is kept by Mr. Thistlethwayte as a trophy of his prowess. The body was boiled down by the fisherman, but yielded little more than a pannikin full of oil. 