'flMaroa CintPi WALLAROO: "WEDNESDAY, MAT 3. "When the news was telegraphed to Ade laide that the Victorian agent of the P. and O. Company, with the Captain of the Avoea, were coming to this colony to in spect the various Ports on the coast line which have been proposed as Mail Sta tions we at once anticipated that there would be a fearful outbreak of local patriot ism. Lacepede Bay was certain to begin to abuse Port Victor as if the latter were a delusion and a snare; and Holdfast Bay and Uepean Bay were tolerably sure to have a nice little fight of their own. As we anticipated so it has happened ; and apparently the Lacepede Bay people have had rather a bad time of it. No sooner was the Aldinga, bearing the Agent and Captain in sight, than she was boarded by a deputation, the members of which were, it would appear, anxious to bore the Commissioners for a day or two on their pet subject; but this treat these gentlemen, for reasons we can well under stand, declined. However Messrs Cook and Stewart pitched it .into them pretty strong whilst there was the chance; and much the Commissioners heard of the miraculously smooth water in this re nowned Bay, and of the wonderful facili ties it afforded for landing the mails. From what has transpired we should con jecture that the deputation met with a slice of both good and ill fortune with the Commissioners. It waB certainly rather unfortunate for them that whilst enlarging on the facilities their beloved Bay afforded for steamers of 2000 tons burden running in and out, the Aldinga, whilst about two miles from shore, should ground in two fathoms of water. No one excepting a person accustomed to see tempests in teapots would expect the water to be violently agitated in a Bay tbat is shallow, full of weeds, and with a sandy bottom throughout. The pieee of good fortune that the deputation experi enced was what might be termed a bless ing in disguise. They wanted to bag the Commissioners and bore them with their local patriotism—probably paid for by the yard by some land shark—for a whole day or two. If they had they might have rested assured that the Com missioners would never want to bear of Lacepede Bay again in the terms of their natural lives. There can be little question that the Trea surer has been amusing himself at the suc cessful manner in which he has managed to draw a red herring over the trail of public business. People will now be fighting like cats and dogs about a site for this mail station, and, meanwhile, the Treasury Benches are rendered a plea sant and easy retreat thereby. Tbis affair of a South Australian Port of call is one of the simplest possible, when we can make up our minds to dismiss from j them the nonsense that is usually import- i ed into the discussion of the subject about " recognising our geographical posi tion," &e.; What this ambiguous phrase actually means we have not the slightest idea. We are not aware what difference is made to a geographical position by it being recognised, as the term is, and being unrecognised. No one, surely, means to affirm that the position of South Australia on the map or the globe is believed by the P. & O. Directors to be a mythical one. They will send their steamers up to Port Augusta if anyone will pay them for so doing ; and on this same principle j they will order tbem to call at Holdfast | Bay, if paid for it, and the stoppage can I take place with safety. It is a question of pounds, shillings, and pence with them —of a dividend and a reasonable care of the property of the shareholders. But they will not bargain to send their vessels two hundred miles further in the same time that these now run the shorter dis tance. Their steamers can and very often do, make the passage in less than the contract time; but, on the other hand they sometimes require every hour they can claim, and this advantage will not be surrendered. Then, again, New South Wales, paying a heavy share of the sub sidy, has a right to be consulted; and as the steamer leaves Sydney on the fourth day in each month from which she is ad vertised to arrive, the New South Wales people will certainly objeet to this very limited time being still further curtailed to any considerable extent. To run down Investigator's Straits and the Back stairs Passage and then turn round for Encounter Bay, with the detention, would cause a hindrance of nearly twenty l four hours. Under present arrangements it would be preferable for the mail to run in to Melbourne than to stop at Lacepede Bay. To us it would seem that a very little con sideration would show that the question of a South Australian port of call for the Ocean Steamer can only have been raised at the present time with a view to divest attention from subjects much more awk ward to deal with. There is abundance of much more pressing business that imperatively requires attention; and this question ought, as we are in a transition stage in respect to our European News, to stand over. Some arguments that are used now, almost certainly, will not be worth a buttou in a year or two's time; and others may not be. "When we speak of it being politic to have the stea mers call in South Australia on account of the heavy expenditure entailed upon us by the branch steamer, we cannot forget that as heavy an expenditure is en tailed by the Northern Territory, and is paid without protest for which not one cent's value is ever likely to be returned to us. To talk of economising whilst such a senseless expenditure is proceed ing, is surely, impudence or ignorance. The trade that South Australia has with Western Australia, principally caused by the branch steamer running regularly to King George's Sound is valuable to us ; and so also is the revenue we derive from telegraphing the mail news to other col onies. But as we before stated matters are in a transition stage. When we shall be in daily communication with England, we shall lose the whole of the revenue we receivefor telegraphing the month's news. And then, we imagine it will matter very little if our mail should be carried on to Melbourne and fetched from thence in the ordinary way. Until telegraphic communication with London is open the present arrangement, whicli is highly creditable to the pluck and spirit of the colony, might be maintained. We purpose in this and in succeeding articles to give some account of the cop per trade of the United Kingdom during the last twenty years, premising, that in a district so largely depending upon this branch of commerce as Yorke's Peninsula, some statistics that we shall be able to adduce cannot fail to be of considerable interest. The task of wading through the figures in which many particulars relating to the copper trade and industry of Great Britain are contained for so long a period of time would be found sufficiently uninte resting to deter most readers from under taking it; but, when these figures have been carefully collated and the inferences that may be drawn from them are brought, as it were, to the surface, to suppose that persons who have passed their lives in the occupation of mining, will attach some importance to them does not seem i unreasonable. Almost any mining journal would tell the general reader what amount of British copper was raised last year, what amount of foreign ore and copper was imported, what was smelted, and wliat was exported, but such statistics could ouly be of value to persons who had i previously acquired a knowledge of the imports, exports, &c.;, of other years, or to persons who intended to look these up. The fact might be curious and in teresting to many persons, when known, that in 1869 there were imported into the United Kingdom from Chili 9,150 tons of ore, as against 8,514 from South Austra lia ; but, its value is considerably enhanc ed when side by side with it is placed the other fact that in 1860 Chili sent to the United Kingdom 30,576 tons of ore, and that in the same year South Australia sent but 656 tons. Again, thq. value of this latter fact may be still further en hanced by placing in juxtaposition to it the export of ore from Victoria, (a large portion of which comes from South Aus tralia) to Great Britain, in the two years mentioned, amounting in 1860 to 5,219 tons, and in 1869 to 6.589 tons. If to these we add the other facts that in 1860 Chili sent to the United Kingdom 17,424 tons of regulus and 6.741 tons of other sorts of copper; that during the same year South Australia exported 158 tons of re gulus and 1857 tons of other copper; that Victoria also exported 43 tons of regulus and 668 tons of other copper; that in 1869 Chili sent to the United Kingdom 33,994 tons of regulus and 22,805 tons of other copper; that during the same year Victoria sent home 77 tons of regulus and 1085 tons of other copper, and that South Australia exported 79 tons of regulus and 2,189 tons of other copper, we are able to draw a yet more comprehensive and more valuable inference. But, it is our intention to commence behind the time that Chili copper appeared to any large extent in t"he home market, and before the export of ore from Australia could have any appreciable effect upon prices. We shall also endeavour to shew what has been the produce of British mines during the time we propose to deal with, and what other countries exported suffi cient copper to the home market to have any considerable influence; and then we shall glance at the home and foreign mar kets in which this copper is sold again, i shewing which countries have been the | best customers to the British smelters, j Whilst doing this we shall, of course, j note the prices that have ruled; and from these facts our readers will be able to draw their own inferences. Various causes have been assigned in both home an.d colonial journals for the steady and almost uninterrupted fall that took place in the value of copper for a number of j consecutive years ; and, numbers of per [ sons, as we have reason to know, hold very interesting theories on the subject. But, after all, as must be apparent, the price of copper, like that of most other things, is governed by the laws of supply and demand. If then we shew what has been the supply and what the demand for it during the term of years alluded to, we shall afford a fair criterion for theor ists to judge by. As the value of such statistics must depend to a very large ex tent upon their reliability, we preface our remarks by observing that all the figures we shall give ere taken from the Mineral Statistics officially published every year by the Geographical Society, and compil ed in the Mining Record Office, at the Museum of practical geology in London. The figures relating to exports and im ports were originally taken from returns furnished to the Imperial Parliament. If then, following out the plan we have sketched out, we commence with statis tics relating to the year 184-8, it will be found that at that time a very inconsider able amount of copper or copper ore was then being received into England com pared with, that which was produced at home, and compared with that which, is being received now; The total amount of copper orte, the produce of British mineB, sold during the year 1848, we find to have been 147,701 tons which yielded an average of 8f per cent, or very nearly* 12,422 tons of copper. The total amount of ore imported into the United Kingdom during that time appears to have been 50,053 tons; besides which there were 124 tons of regulus imported, and 17,49 tons of other copper. That year South Australia sent 7783 tons of ore to the English market; whilst Chili sent only - 4503 tons, besides 124 tons of regains and 1090 tons of other copper- The country which at that time sent by far the largest amonnt of ore to the English market was Cuba, it being down for 30,679 tons. The declared value of the 12,422 tons of British copper sold that year was £720,090 or about £59 per ton. The declared value of 8692 tons of foreign ore smelted at Swansea during the:year 1848 was £562,418, or, veiy nearly £65 per ton. Of this copper during that year there were 14,131 tons exported j and cop per manufactured articles valued at £6,018. In our next article upon the subject we shall hope to be able to . bring down these figures to the present time. At the period we have alluded to, Hie Burramine, which was discovered in 1845,. was exporting largely; 4,047 tons of ore and regulus, averaging 30| per cent, be ing sold from it during 1848 at Swansea. New South Wales seems then to have exported 3,690 tons. The barque Verulam has . been chartered by Mr Marshall, of Port Wallaroo, to load with wheat for Sydney, She will take, we believe, 450 tons. _ The population of Clare, according to the re cent Census, is said to be 1227. The population of the South-East is estimated to be 12,006 and it is thought that one half of these are located in th.fr Mount Gambier end of the district. The Register directs attention to the curiovs fact that in this year there will, at its close* have: been fifty three Sundays. The first day of Jan-, uary having been on a Sunday and tho last day of December also falling ojn a Sunday. The names of several persona are. spoken of, in connection with the representation of the District of Light, vacant by the resignation of Mr E. A» Hamilton. Messrs Neville Kyth, J. Colton, and J. Boucaut, have been also, that o£ a local celebrity, Mr Cole We understand that seeding is pearly finished in the vicinity of the Hummocks, and., that ^he slight rains that bave fallen have been, sufficient to cause the seed to germinate. In some pad^ docks the wheat is said to be looking quite green being three inches long. It -will be Been by an advertisement that the Quarterly Soiree in connection with the . Moonts Institute will be held this evening, when the Moonta Histronic Club will produce the Two Afit Drama of the Kobber's Wife, and also, the farce of Nan the Good-for-nothing. We un'der-. stand that new and appropriate sceneiy has heed painted for the occasion j and; probably. a large company will patronise this attempt to revive the drama on the Peninsula. A telegram forwarded to Melbourne Mf t&e; Adelaide Correspondent of the Age Bays" It is reported that Mr Ebenezer Ward will re-establish, the Gvmeracha Guardian at tfie Burra, calling it the Surra, Stanley, Ulooloa, and Chaneracfm. Guardian" The above telegram seems to 'be ex* pljcit on the point that the €fim^acha €ftedrciian has. given up the ghost jjbut, the information contained in our last issue that Ebenezer had been faying to make arrangement for starting a paper at Clare was positive.- o Tsee half-yearly meeting of the Qrreat Devon Consols Mining Company was held last week IS Mr Whitington's office. From statements made it would appear that t wo men wore eosteening, in. what was. considered ta be good ground, in the hope of cutting the South Wallaroo lode. A lode had been cat in one section, and it was in tended to prospect for the Kutilla lode in another section. The following figures sheSr the moiety of the subsidy paid annually to. the P. & Q. Company by the various, colonies composing the Australian group. The amount is adjusted annually? accord ing to the number of letters, &c.;, carried for each colony j and South Australia has a reduction of nearly £3000 in consideration that she fetches her Tnoila for King George's Sound Victoria's share ... ...£46,500/ New South WaleB do, ... ... 19,500 Queensland do. ... ... ... 10,800— bonth Australia do. ... ... .... 8,500 , New Zealand do. .... ... 4,300f Tasmania do. ... ... ... 3,600 Western Australia do... ... ... 1,30Q Total ... £94,500 We notice that affairs in connection with what was known as the Southern Argus Fund are be- 7 fore the Supreme Court, in a suit between th&'. contributors to the Fund and the Hon. W. W. ' Tuxford. From the statement made it appeared that about 40 persons agreed to subscribe- £900 for the Southern Argus to be published weekly at Port Elliot, Mr Tuxford to be trustee ibr the money. The actual contributions amounted to £795, and the conditions with Mr Ebenezer Ward* the present member for G-umeraeha, vere, that he should execute a bill of sale and assign the book debts till the loan was paid j and also that if he allowed judgment to be entered againBt him or became insolvent, defendant should take the pro perty. Defendant alleges that he applied to Ebe nezer for the money as per agreement, and Ward said be should become insolvent. Defendant tben released him from his liability on condition of re ceiving the properly. Oat of the amount realized he claimed to repay himself an advance of £175, and £273 costs of carrying on the paper till it was sold. He then offered to the contributors the balance amounting to 3£d in the pound, which they refused to accept. Hence this actionj which is yet before the Court. The license of Mr Jas. Curtis, of the Miner's A-rma, Xadina, was granted on Monday. The Uloloo diggings are reported favorably of by the Advertiser. One man has found a piece of gold "weighing four dwfcs., and about thirty or forty " men are fossicking about and digging. The Advertiser closes with the usual appeal:—" Might not the Government, or some enterprising gentle* men, advantageously engage in the work of tho roughly proving the coontry about Uloloo? " XjEAVE to introduce the bill to reduce the sal fines of the Governor and Ministers of New South. Wales was carried by nineteen to four— the three ministers who opposed it being left with only one supporter. The bill proposes to fix the Governor's salary at £5,000, and those of Cabinet minis tera at £1,250 each. During the week ending April 26th there were about 2,500 acres taken up in the three areas North and 2Jorfch-3Sast of the mining district on ' Yorke's Peninsula. In the area of Belalie 920 acres were taken up j in the Broughton969 acres; and in the Gulnare 562 acres, Numbers of Ger man farmers are reported to be en route for this new agricultural district. Ministers {says the Melbourne Age), have been busily engaged in considering the provisions of the Amending Land Act, to be submitted to Par liament next session. It is currently rumoured that thiB measure will contain some very impor tant amendments—amongst others, the increase I . ofthe quantity of land possible to be selected by oneperson, and will also give transferees equal lights with transferrers. A serio-comic looking man known as " Handy Andy " appeared the other day before the Mel bonme bench, and asked to be sent to the stockade for two years, bo that he might earn money enough to take him away from the colony. He has been 21 years in Victoria, and out of that he has spent 18 years in gaoL The Court sent him to gaol for 12 months as a vargrant, adding to his sentence "hard labor." jlHB following advertisement presents an amus ing characteristic of a social phase of West Aus tralian life. ; It appears in the Freemantle Herald :—" Complimentary Ball and Supper.— Henry Beard has much pleasure in informing his supporters and friends that he will give a com plimentary ball and snpper at his boarding-house, In Banbury, on Thursday, 6th April, 1871, being the day of the expiration of the sentence received at York, in the year 1864. Henry Beard proposes lo give this entertainment as a slight acknowledge ment of the kindness and support he has received since his commencement in business at Bun buiy," The accident to the Penola, promised, when iidler details came to hand, to be not so disastrous j to might have bees feared from the brief telegram ' we published on Saturday last. It appeared that | her shaft became bent, and the screw useless; and j the Captain sent the second mate in a boat forj Port MacDonnell, to tell what had happened, -whilst he went! sway with the Penola under sail* The crew of the boat after trying all day to make Port MacDonnell were picked up by the Beatrice, which was cruising in search of the missing stea mer. The eecondtriate reported that the" Capt. intended to try to reach Adelaide, but the Agent thinks that be would be more likely to make for Melbourne. . ~ — 1 iHEP/and O. Company's agent, Mr Kendall, Capt, Fargulmr, visited Fort Victor last week, and were, it is said, favorably impressed with it &s; a harbor; but,what they might think of it as a ynnil station they kept to themselves. We are ■pnt surprised to hear that they were favorably im pressed with Port Victor as a harbor; and we cer tainly ehouldlike to know what they think of the legislature of Spnth Australia allowing the River Trade to go a begging, and to be scrambled for by any of the colonies, lest Fort Victor should tbke a few tons ofehipping from Port Adelaide. 5ha Gommifisiojaerg intended to take a ran up the railway north'of the metropolis; and probably they would be interviewed by the Chamber of Commerce before leaving the colony. Wb perceive by a report of the Chief Inspector ] of Stock in NewSouth Wales that it is estimated j there are 190,000saddle horses in that colony. Of; these: it ,is considered - that there axe 1500 thoroughbreds ; and8000 well- bred saddle horses, capable: of - dartying a man comfortably, 50 to €0 miles per diem. These, it is said, are of course the produce of mates, witlrlittle or none of the^draught alloy in their veins, and by sires that &re; thoroughbred or newly so, or by Arabs. The report continues, that the " average size, as well as the number ofwell-bred^addle-horseB has gene rally diminished, and an upstanding, good-Bhaped, well-bred horse is now seldom seen in our sale yards, The fact is, this class of animal is scarce, and in demand in the bush as a stock horse; and the stock-horse 1b after all, when well bred and properly broken in to bis work, the most valuable horse in the colony." Of middling saddle horses there are estimated to be about 50,000; of in ferior saddle hones 60,000; and of very inferior, worth from 2s 6d to £2 unbroken, 70,000. Ijany iiiBtance were wanted (says theYass Conifer of Tuesday)to prove the utility and ad vantage-arising from holding local exhibitions or competitions, we think the fact that at the show to-morrow a sample of about 2 lbs. weights of maizena3or corn floor manufactured by a settler On the bants of the Marrumbidgea River, will be on view, would be a sufficient one. .A sample of the produce was brought to our office yesterday, and although we do Dot set ourselves up as judges ofthe article, etill any person can perceive that it will bearmore than favourable comparison with the corn flour now so largely imported and sold in the stores. The sample is pure white, has an excellent feel, and possesses all the qualities ofthe best brands to be procured. Since the show was announced to take place, Mr Byder—the settler to whom we refer—thought he would try the ex-, veriment, and he haB succeeded most admirably. The maizena was made from 90-day, or " small " corn, grown on the banlcs of the Murrumbidgee, and it is calculated that about foarteen lbs. can be made from a bushel of corn. The corn is worth from three to four shillings the bushel— the manufactured article sells, we understand, in the Yass stores at Is. 6<L per lb., so that the bushel of com converted into maizena would re turn 21s. Mr Byder calculates that at even Is. per lb. the profit would be considerable, and in tends when the proper season returns to direct his attention to its manufacture on a larger scale. year he has, by way of experiment, only pre pared eight or ten lbs. weight. It appears that corn can be converted into maizena only when in a green or nnripe state, and with the rude appli ances he used in manufacturing the maizena, he can prepare -with his own labour about twenty eight lbs. of the article per day. The Government of South Australia, which is pleased annually to show its zeal for promoting native industry, by providing certain bonuses for the encouragement thereof, ought to be proud of the proceedings at the Wallaroo Police Court on Monday. A labouring man recently arrived in this district, and glad to take the first j^b $iat was offered to him, went to work for Mr Kigamonti, the Charcoal Burner. For this crime he was fined 10s at the Wallaroo Police Court, because he had no license and had not money to purchase one. The next case was very similar. A laboring man, also a stranger, without money, applied at several places for work and was at last told by a contractor to take a dray and fetch in some posts from somewhere or another on Waste Stands of the Crown. For this crime he was fined 10s, or, of course, imprisonment in default. The revenue that all the licences put together bring in annual ly is £12 in excess of the Bangers' salaries. Talk about native industry! A country weighed down by suclx ignorant and barbarous customs and laws is never likely to prosper as it ought. A man without employment, and without money, fined 10s for driving a contractor's dray 1 Thieving is an honorable and gentlemanly occupation com pared with such legal robbery and extor tion. M-fr Alfred France, Jan., having declined to act as Churchwarden, although elected by a majority of the seatholders at St. Mary's Church, Port Wallaroo, another meeting was held on Monday evening for the purpose of again electing a War den. During the week the Church Warden nomi nated by the Rev. J. L. Smith,—Capt. Hay,—liad declined to act; consequently two vacancies were to be filled up. The Rev. J". L. Smith was in the chair and after the minutes of the present meeting had been read, one of the Wardens for last year —Mr T. Ward—entered into an explanation, the object of which appeared to be to shew that a feeling against his re-election at the previous meeting, when he was two or three times reject ed, must have arisen in a misconception. This 1 was most positively denied, and then some dis cission took place, some members of the con gregation wishing to depart from the ordinary practice, and elect two wardens, thereby leaving the clergyman without one. Others again thought that it was not desirable, if lawful, which seems very questionable, to depart- from the established usage prevailing in all churches in the colony. Mr J. B. Shepherdson, S.M., then proposed that Messrs Hay and Ward, the retiring Wardens, should be elected, and the proposition being seconded was carried, there being some slight op position, and some persons previous not voting at all. Some conversation then took place about letting the new seats in the church, and the meet ing broke up, the Chairman intimating that he should write to the Bishop to know how far the eealholders had been justified in departing from the custom obtaining in other churches in the colony. We understand that the miner Micholls, who was adjudged to pay 6s. per week in the affiliation case recently heard at Fort Wallaroo, has, by the advice of his legal Adviser, we presume, lodged an appeal against the decision. The grounds of the appeal are that he is a minor, and that evi dence in support of his defence was not heard. In the case of Arthur Iiarkin, a hawker who was summoned before the Moonta Local Court, on the 21st ult., for not having his name, etc., conspicuously displayed on his pack, hut who had a label attached to the pack with his name and cumber thereon, decision was given, by the Bench on the 28th ulfc. The verdict was for defendant, who was cautioned that in future he had better j strictly comply with the letter of the law. "Hop-growing in Gippsland," 6ays the Bairnsdale Courier,"may sow be considered an established industry. The scene of bustle among the hop pickers has terminated, and the speculative gentlemen who hare ventured bo courageously, battling with all the difficulties of a new venture, are now about' to calculate the total expenditure and probable receipts. During the past two months several parts of the banks of the Mitchell Stiver presented quite a gay appearance, and would necessarily remind the visitor of the pic turesque scenes of Sent during the hop season. Men, women, and children, have been employed, some we are told, making average wages of twenty* | three shillings per week. The sable natives with their gins also found employment on the various gardens and in every instance have exhibited great satisfaction at the wages received. A vast number of children of the poorer classes were eagerly employed by the proprietors of the gar dens, and we have no doubt were the means of helping to supply their homes with the comforts of this life that perhaps would not otherwise have been enjoyed." The same paper adds:—"This district has long been considered the most suitable for the growth of hop, and as will be seen below from some of the yields given, there is now no possible reason for further doubt on that question. If, after the many obstacles experienced in estab lishing this new industiy in oar midst, the re tarns from the market are fonnd to be adequate to the outlay and trouble incurred, we may ere long expect to see thousands of acres in the -vicin ity of B-iirnsdale and Lindenow Flat bristling with hop poles during the summer seasons." The Town correspondent of the Border Watch writes:—" The South-East has found a new advo cate, who asserts his ability to convert the un d rained lands of the district into a paradise in a jifly, and talks of making the Coorong navigable in a magically short space of time. On Dr. Browne's return to the colony be made the ac I quaintance during the voyage of Mr H. Victor, a gentleman who had had large experience in en gineering undertakings in India. At the invita tion of Dr Browne Mr Victor made a lengthened stay at iYToorak, during which time he had ample opportunity of examining the drainage works on the Mount Muirhead Flats. He was convinced that the system pursued wan both expensive-and incomplete. Having recently joined Mr O'Con nor, a large contractor in Victoria, the firm have written to our Government and submitted a scheme to them for completing the drainage works at a very much reduced cost than that now involved, and of combining with it a thorough sys tem of irrigation, so that in periods of drought the land can be kept well watered and its fertility ensured. The proposal embraces a plan by which the Cooroag shall be made navigable and the transmit of traffic considerably cheapened. The intending contractors aver that the expense would not be more than one half per acre of the sum which is now being expanded, and that the whole of the drained lands would be available for occupa tion and cultivation within the course of a year. The scheme, it must be confessed, looks too fairy like, to be practicable, but for all that it should not be lightly set aside. It is urged that Mr Victor's knowledge on the subject is most exten sive, and that he is perfectly well aware of the extent and magnitude of the reforms he has sug gested can be made. It is, therefore, to be hoped that the Government will carefully weigh the matter in all its bearings before they pronounce against its feasibility and usefulness. How not to do it is being exemplified by the Ministry at this particular time. There has not been such a genuine rush on so large a scale, for many years in either this or any other of the colo nies, comprising the Australian group, as has re cently taken place towards the Northern areas. Had there been three other 6uch areas to the west of Grulnare and Belalie they would have been largely settled upon. What is the Government doing to meet this particular demand? The Border Watch supplies the information in the following paragraph:—" The surveyors are busy making the necessary surveys for a new area to be declared between that of Narracoorte and the Border. There is, we understand, scarcely any land fit for the plough in the proposed area." Where there is no demand for land the Govern ment marks out an area; where there is, nothing is done. The Portland correspodent of the Border Watch writes—" And so Messrs McCulloch, Sel lar & Co. are agents for the immigration ships!! What a volume is spoken in these few words. No wonder that we are flooded with paupers when the Chief Secretary has a poll premium for each one imported. No wonder that the Vic torian laborer is heavily taxed for the purpose of bringing hither another laborer to compete with him, when the Chief Secretary gets a share of the spoil. No wonder that his tool Yerdon has been instructed to go into the bye ways and the hedges and collect the halt and the lame and the blind; and trundb them all over to Victoria to enrich the Chief Secretary's private exchequer. Why does he not take to slave dealing at once, and fit out the Cerberus with five hundred bunks for the Gambia." The Border Watch says—" The two Portland papers are models of that style of journalism so iehcitously described by Dickens in his Pickwick Papers. Their wars are frequent, and their at tainments in that particular department of litera ture great-. They are now in full swing at each other, the casus belli being Captain Shoobert of the steamer Barwon, and certain facta connected with the wreck of that vessel. The rival editors draw very graphic portraits of each other. The Guardian makes the following hit—" The mistake of Captain Shoobert in the character of the Guar dian is perhaps pardonable, but if he were better acquainted with its editor, he would know his policy is to speak the truth irrespective of smiles or frowns, and that in the whole course of his career he was never carried home in a wheelbar row- But the Captainin. continuation says—" I have been in and sailed for years out of a country - where a strip of well seasoned cowhide would," &,c., and his bottle holder in the Western Times says—* There are those who would regard the provocation as a Sufficient justification.* Now, we can only say as regards the captain, that it is a great pity he ever left the delightful country to which lie refers, and that if he would ship himself back at once—that is, if he gets the opportunity —and take the editor of the Western Times as first mate, both would be sure to do themselves credit where cowhiding, not as the awarders but as the deserving recipients, is practised, and we can assure both there are parties who would say, ' earved them right.'" The Western Times re plies as follows—" O you paragon of truthfulness ! You model of honesty! You pattern of consist ency and integrity ! What would this commun ity do without your broadsheets to teach it what it ought to be, and your example to enforce your instructions P What may not Portland become in all that is excellent and honorable if you are only spared to it, and bur own perverse interfer ence can be got rid of by the complicated corrup tions and scheming liad recourse to for that pur pose I . . . He does not say he never was drunk, and being drank was taken to the lock-up, a course of proceedure we consider much more likely than that he should be carried home, judg ing from the issues of the last Portland Race meeting. There is one advantage which the editor of the Guardian might derive even from drunkenness, if the classic proverb be correct in vino Veritas. Being in this state he would pos sibly speak the truth, thus getting to himself a novelty, and affording to others a reason for wish ing he might always be drunk." We perceive by New Zealand newspapers that the somewhat notorious Dr Carr is still lectur ing and seancing. The Lake Wakatip mail re ports that:—" Dr Carr last night and the previ ous night gave two of his popular lectures and Phreno-Mesmeric Entertainments to full houses, at the Town Hall, and created much amusement for the audience. To-night -will be hia last ap pearance here, after which he will proceed to the Arrow, Macetown, Skippers and other out-lying places." At the adjourned meeting of the Provincial Gas Co. held on Friday evening, Mr. J. Fisher, argued against gas being supplied to mining townships on the Peninsula, because fc a mining population was very fluctuating. At the Burr a the works were stopped, and the population cleared out en masse. The Moonta might at any time give up and the population shift fire miles off." Mr 3. Fisher has a perfect right to his opinion, just as we or any one else may hare, and we do not complain, that he should give to the world the benefit of his sound and sagacious con elusions. But we may bo permitted to state the case as it stands between the Moouta Mines, and Mr J. Fisher, once a member of Parliament, and now a Director of the Provincial Gtas Co. Mr J. Fisher's Gas Go. has been in existence nearly three years, and its shares are quoted at about one half of what has been paid upon them. It j hiis not yet paid a dividend and Mr Henry Ay re ! is reported to have said " is not likely to pay one ' from its present works during the present genera- j tion." The Moonta Mines Go. has been in exis- j tence about 10 years, its shares, without one ' penny-piece having been paid upon, them, are worth a quarter of a million sterling; it has paid an enormous sum of money in dividends; and during the last year, in a season of exceptional trial and difficulty, it has paid 17 per cent to its shareholders. For the Director of a comparative ly speaking tin pot company like the Provincial G-as Co. to talk about the Moonta Co. being obliged at any time to suspend operations, shows no ordinary amount of, to put it mildly, indiscre tion. The report of the Gas Company shows, that after the Director's fees had been waived the result of the half year's working shows a loss of £67 16s 5d. If the Company would take a hint from us, and instead of employing the ordinary material, would put Mr Fisher into itB retort, he would give off enough gas, at least, to pay a divi dend with. The quantity we could answer for ; the quality we say nothing about. At the Adelaide Police Court, on Friday, re ports the Register :—" Arthur Duggan was charg ed, on remand, with feloniously assaulting George Baker- S. A. Carey, M.D., deposed to examining Baker on April 12, and finding a large lacerated wound on the scalp and a depressed fracture of the bone corresponding. He was bordering on a state of coma. The wound was very dangerous, and the patient was still in danger. The wound appeared to have been inflicted with a blunt in strument. The bottom of a bottle might do bo. Edward Biddle deposed that on Good Friday he was at Martin's on Sultana Beach. Prisoner was there, also Baker, Richard Stevens, Bobert Brom ley, a Chinaman, and another man. Heard pri soner ask Stevens if he was going home, and the reply that he would as soon as the rain stopped. Duggan said, " You can go to and struck him in the lace. Prisoner then pulled off his coat, and offered to fight witness. Baker stopped him, and Duggan tried to get hold of Baker by the throat, but was thrown on his back by him. Prisoner then rose and attempted to hit witness, who knocked him down. Prisoner got up and went into the passage, saying " Good-night, George." Baker said, " Tou shan't go out that way." Then prisoner lay down and kicked at him. Baker ran back and said Duggan had thrown a bottle and nearly stunned him. TTir head was all over blood. It was about 8 or 9 at night. They were drinking rum, but knew what they were about. Only remembered three bottles of rum being shared amongst seven per sons. Could not say whether there were 12 bottles; thsre was ale and porter also. Robert Bromley, butcher, Penton Vale, coroborated, ad ding that when Baker ran past with his head bleeding he saw a porter bottle roll on the floor. Mary Ann Martin, wife of Abraham Martin, farmer and fisherman, Torke's Peninsula, said that a safe Btood in the passage, and two bottles of yeast were in it. After the quarrel one of the bottles was found on the floor broken. Commit ted for trial to the Supreme Court." The Nelson Mail says .—" It would appear, to judge from the proceedings of the various Ac climatisation Societies in New Zealand, as if each profoundly ignorant of its neighbour's doings, and of what waB being done in the adjoiuing Colonies. Only the other day we observed that a shipment of 60 skylarks had left London for Dunedin. W^iy this waste when skylarks may be had for" the trouble of catching them in. Nelson ? Again, if we mistake not, we read in a southern paper of a proposal to introduce lobsters and crabs at con siderable cost from England. Now we believe that one if not both, of these very excellent fish can be obtained from Queensland. Then a ship arrived in Lyttelton a week or two ago with three hares, the survivors of a shipment of ten. Had the necessary information been obtainable, the captain would doubtless have saved himself the trouble and risk of this shipment on being made aware that hares are plentiful in the neighbour hood of Melbourne. We would suggest that a very important end would be gained if the various societies would keep one another informed of their work, so as to avoide wasting money upon the introduction of birds, fish, or animals that are j already acclimatised in these seas. j A short time since (says the Wagga Wagga Express) as a party of miners were out hunting in the neighborhood of the Little Wonder Reef, near Wagga Wagga, the dogs put up a kangaroo of a pure -white color. A long and exciting chase ensued, the animal proving a regular flyer, but the dogs at last ran it down, and its capture alive was then easily effected. Its coat was singularly soft and furry, and in every part of the purest whit©, not a single dark or colored hair being vitsable on any part of the body. As it is the case with white rabbits, its eyes were of a bright pink color. The creature sulked and fretted as it was being conveyed to the town, and ultimately died. The skin was preserved and stuffed. Close to ! the place where this animal was captured a black i and white kangaroo has frequently been seen by j the miners, but though several attempts to cap ture it have been made, it has always succeeded in baffling pursuit. The Town coprespondent of the Border Watch writes—The Treasurer has been reyealing a few Cabinet secrets at the recent dinner at Saddle worth. He was evidently in a most jovial humour having a fine plum in his pocket for his constitu ents. Like a mischievous schoolboy he asked them to shut their eyes and open their mouths and see what he would give then. They did so, and then he thurst the promise of £5,000 down their throats for making the road from Saddle worth to Auburn. This so elated them that they spontaneously voted the Ancient a brick, and promised him voting favours to the end of time. The Hon. John made some sort of indistinct re ference to the measures which the Government propose introducing this session. He carefully avoided, however, committing himself about a | Land Bill. The enormous proceeds which are being obtained from the land sales are too much required at the Treasury to be foregone with undue haste. A Land Bill will be introduced some day, but the Treasurer seems to be in no hurry to see it brought forward—at any rate while he is in office. Measures affecting the con struction and management of roads, the education of the people and particularly of " Btreet arabs," and prison discipline, would form part of the policy of the Ministry in the coming session ; ] but nothing as to the principles of these bills was j vouchsafed. It is strange that the Mariner, who | is such a wily politician, did not throw out a feeler or two on these questions bo as to hare occasioned some discussion in the papers, and thus haye got an idea as to the opinions of the public. There was one point on which he was pretty explicit, and that was in reference to the extension of the Burra Railway to Mount Remark able ; but as lie was in a district which would be favorable to such a proposal, lie gained nothing as to the views of those who might be opposed to it. Mr Mann was lauded at the self-same dinner for the manly and consistent way in which be had endeavoured to carry out the principles laid down in bis printed address to the electors. Altogether the toast of the lion members was very buttered, whereat doubtless they will take courage and enter with cheerful souls upon the labors of the ensuing session." On Sunday afternoon a boy from the "Wallaroo Mines, whose name we have not heard, met with an accident from which serious consequences may ensue. He was about to start from the Kadina Railway Btation, and was unable to get his foot in the stirrup of the horse he was riding. The horse commenced trotting, the boy calling to him to stop. The horse then broke into a gallop, and the boy fell, pitching on his head and hurting him considerably. The Xapunda correspondent of the Irish Harp writes—"Our copper mine, which was at one time the chief support of the town, has dwindled to such an extent, it now scarcely deserves the name. The old process adopted in working it being considered jtoo expensive, a chemical pre paration was introduced; and, although the work ing expenses are day after day reduced by dis charging men, it is at present in the condition of a sick patient, infected with a terrible disease, re quiring a terrible remedy. 