Monthly.) rokcn heart Id to me), •r soul U part >y the sen. il line and French ; iidiod years ago ay from her aruis—poor .il Kochatnbeau. what periwiggged phrase cart of this sentimental quaker, d-laced speech of those modish teued—thonuischief take her ! le kept the posies of mignonette at he gave, and ever as their bloom failed lid faded (though with her tears still wet) Her youth with their own exhaled. Till oue night, when the sea-fog wrapped a shroud Round spar and spire and tarn and tree, Her soul went up in that lifted eloud From this sad old house by the sea. And ever since then, when the clock strikes two, She walks unbidden from room to room, Aud the air is tilled that she passes through With a subtle, sad perfume. The delicate odour of mignonette, The ghost of a dead and gone bouquet, Is all that tells of her story, yet Could sho think of a sweeter way ? I sit in the sad old house to-night— Myself a ghost from a further sea— And I trust that this Quaker woman might In courtesy, visit me. For the laugh is tied from tho porch and lawn, And the bugle died from the fort on tho hill, And the twitter of girls on the stairs is gone, And the grand piano is still. Somewhere in tho darkness a clock strikes two, And there is 110 sound iu the sad old house, But the long verandah dripping with dew, And in the wainscot a mouse. The light of my study lamp streams out From the library door, but has gone astray In the depth of the darkened hall. Small doubt But the Quakeress knows the way. Was it the trick of a sense o'erwronght With outward watching and inward fret ? But I swear that tho air just now was fraught With tha odour of mignonette ! I open tho window and seem almost— So still lies the ocean—to hear the beat Of its Great Gulf artery off the coast, And to bask in it3 tropic heat. Ia my neighbour's windows the gaslights flare As the dancers swing in a waltz of Strauss, And I wonder how I could fit that air To the song of this sad old house. And no odour of mignonetto there is, But the breath of morn on the dewy lawn, And mayhap from causes as slight as this The quaint old legend is born. But the soul of that subtle, sad perfume, As the spiced embalmings, they say, out last The mummy laid in his rocky tomb, Awakens my buried past. And I think of the passion that shook my youth, Of its aimless loves and its idle pains, And am thankful now for the certain truth That only tho sweet remains. And T hear no rustle of stiff brocade, And I seo no face at my library door ; For now that the ghosts of my heart are laid, Sho is viewless for ever more. But whether she came as a faint perfume, Or whether a spirit in stole of white, I feel as I pass from the darkened room She has been with my soul to-night! 