The Queenslander. SATURDAY, APRIL 1, 1871. It is currently reported that the Ministry will find themselves in a bad fix when Parliament meets; that Mr. RAM-<*> SAY, fearing for the-state of the Treasury, has resigned. Concerning the position of the Government, very little is really known, but the resignation by Mr. Ramsay of the office of Colonial Treasurer has been occa sioned, we b&ve; every reason to suppose, solely because 'he felt himself physically unable to encounter the strain and fatigue of fulfilling the functions of a Responsible Minister of the Crown during another Parliamentary session. The office work he cculd manage well enough; but as he does not believe that he could perform all the duties required from the political head of a Government department whilst Parlia ment is sitting, he has voluntarily sur rendered his office and the salary attached to it. He still retains his position as a representative of Western Downs, and will continue to occupy a seat in the Executive Council. He will do all that he can to assist in legislation and the administration of public affairs; but as he fears that he will not be able to do enough to satisfy himself and to fulfil all that is expected from him, he gives up power, place, and pay. No action on his part could have better justified the opinion entertained of Mr. Ramsay by his political opponents as well as by his friends, that, whether right or wrong, he possesses the virtue, too rare in public men, of thorough conscientious ness. The visit of the Minister for Lands to Rockhampton was accepted as favorable for learning something of the extension of theNorthera Railway, and Mr. Thompson's reply to a deputation leads to a belief that no very long further delay is now to be anti cipated before the work will be proceeded with. There are, to his mind, two obstacles however which are difficult to overcome. The one is the Government's determination to maintain the strictest economy. The other is the fear of a dead-lock. As to the former" of these reasons it may be shown incontrovertibly that it cots the other way. The Rockhampton people show —and there is really no dispute—that economy de mands the extension of their line forth with. And we may safely leave the case as regards the Brisbane line to be decided by the evidence taken before the present Commission. We sincerely trust that the Government is determined to maintain the strictest economy. It is in the name and for the sake of economy we seek for rail way extension. No one wants the public money wasted on unnecessary works. We maintain that forwant of these worksthereis and must be enormous waste, and we can not believe that the Government is not more than half the sanft way of thinking. The fear of a "dead-lock" is another matter. It must be admitted that the Go* vernment can hardly afford to go rashly counter to the Ipswich phalanx; and there is perhaps not much reason as yet to hope for the conversion of these distinguished patriots. Nevertheless it is preposterous to suppose that they can be able to with stand the general wishes of the country. On the whole one is more inclined to ap prehend a dead-lock if Government do not keep pace with the times than if it does. Mr. De Satge probably stated the precise truth when he told the Clermont people that "a majority of the House is for making the two railway extensions simultaneously." The chances of a " dead-lock" are certainly balanced, if they are not against the proba bility of its resulting from Government going on' with works which a vast majority of the people desire, and which the Pre mier admits will have to be done sooner or later, and are only a question of time. All things considered, therefore, we shall hope to hear from His Excellency, a fort night hence, that the Government has given way, and that the attention of Par liament is invited to the best means of so carrying out the works that they shall con trast favorably with our past adventures in the same direction. A Patent Law offering the most liberal inducements to inventors can do us no harm. It might do much good. That there is an extraordinary amount of inven tive talent in the country no one can doubt who has opportunities of seeing how the most un-thought-of materials are made to accomplish any object the settlers may have ia view. Bat hitherto this talent has been lost to the country. Its isolation prevents it coming into general notice, unless the advertising columns of the Press are resorted to. This costs money, as well as time and energy, and men are not likely to employ such valuable commodities for the benefit of the publio, unless they can see in the future some acknowledgment for their services. They, in the first place, desire that their inventions should be protected from the unscrupulous who are never slow to take advantage of the dis coveries of others. In practice a Patent Law is found the best for the public who use the discoveries as well as for the inven tors who supply them. We have a Patent Law in Queensland, but hitherto it has been a dead letter. Tiery few patents have been secured under it, and they are all of an expensive character, and such as are not likely to come into common use. To encourage the men who discover simpler or more effective means than we now pos sess of increasing the power or reducing the cost of labor, the Patent Law ought to be as liberal and offer as great inducements as possible for the development of the inventive faculties. We do not ask that the State should be at any loss for the issue of patent rights, but the idea of making anything out of them ought to be aban doned. The profit of the State in new inventions should depend upon the in creased ability of the public to produce from the raw materials so abundant in this country, and from their increased prosperity. Fob a downright honest expression of! opinion upon British v. American affairs, we recommend a perusal of the utterances I of General Neal Dow, published in this j issue. The General is no feather-bed soldier. He led out his men and fought with them during the great rebellion. He is a' water drinker besides, a cool headed, brave man, and his words should sink deep into the hearts of those i who desire lasting friendship between the ! greatest nations of modern days—Great ' Britain and America. He explains how the bulk of the American people feel ] towards the mother country and towards ! her dependencies as matter of course. They see, as sensible Britons see, that it would be a calamity to the world at large were these nations—one by blood and language—to be hurled into war through ' the jeering and machinations of mischief makers upon both sides. For Britain has as much reason to fear the hot-headed bumptious ones amongst her own people, as the Americans have to fear the scheming { politicians and unscrupulous loafers who j have kept the Republic in a ferment for j years. Well may the British heart glow ! with manly pride and satisfaction while j reading the sentiments of* a genuine j American. New arrivals at Rockhampton, at Maryborough, and Brisbane during the month, and all absorbed. The facility with which shiploads of men, women, and children are worked up into our scattered population proves that the country is not far off the right track to prosperity. We question if the same rate of absorption exists in any other colony of Australia, a circumstance which speaks volumes for the vigor of the small population of Queens land. The cause for congratulation is in creased when we know that the new arrivals have been- absorbed into the pro ducing population. It does appear as though literally any number of farm ser vants and mechanics useful for bush work could find employment here; and if the European agents in the colony would accept that as the real state of the case, and send only the description of people wanted in Queensland, they would confer benefits upon the immigrants, the colony, and themselves. The idle population of large cities are not wanted—they are not adapted to this country. But the lard workers of the country districts are right welcome. They should be available in abundance, if the reports from Europe are correct. Farm servants in the mother country get most miserable wages; nor is their work continuous as in the old time. They are only engaged for a few months in spring and harvest; and although the rates look high, they are in reality very low when broken time is deducted. These are the sort of people most welcome in Queens land. There is plenty of work for them here, with moderately good wages, plenty to eat, and the prospect of being their own landlords at no distant date. We rather admire the tact of the Surveyor-General which induced him to tack on to the report of the Eskdale Gold field an outline of the general appearance of the surrounding country for purposes other than gold diggings. His report of the merits and prospects of the new dis covery speaks for itself. It is straight forward, and without coloring. Coming as it does from a man well acquainted with the mineral peculiarities of the country, it may be taken with confidence as a tolerably correct description of the present appear ance of Eskdale. There may be features in the report from which the skilled miner can derive something to make him go and examine for himself; but there is nothing to induce what is termed a rush,. There is something better in the report, however; which may induce a different class of men to visit Eskdale. than those who usually rush to new gold-fields. The man in search of land for settlement may go there; if the diggings please him, well and good. A few' months of such work cannot injure him to .any great extent; and in the mean time he can look over the country open for selection, and he m>y -be able to find land suitable for his purpose. Altogether the idea of adding a rough sketch of the country surrounding new discoveries of gold is a very good one. It is pitiful to see the little mites of allotments upon which the National Schools are built; and to hear of the trials which those who work in the formation of new schools are compelled to endure before even the tiny bits of land are secured. The working of our national system in that respect is not in keeping with the other features of the system. There is no .reason why the schools should be perched upon a few roods of ground, begged in many cases from private parties. They might as well have 100 acres each. The public would not grumble if 200 acres were set aside for school purposes out of every 5000 acres surveyed in the country. They would be pleased that so much forethought was manifested -for the youth of the future. And unless something of the kind is done, and that quickly, there is much reason to fear that the present liberal proceedings of the Education Board will have to be curtailed. Schools are spring ing up in all directions, and although the remuneration of the teachers is upon the lowest scale, it must, in the total, amount to a sum in excess of anything yet paid for education. And this is but the begin ning. Localities which had last year no defined idea of a school in their midst are now contributing their «£5O or i-100 for school buildings; the Board then supplies teachers, and pays them. This must go on increasing, and it is not difficult to foresee a time, not far distant, when the national system will be sorely tried upon the score of expense of maintenance. Were good- j sized blocks reserved for school purposes, the future of the system would be brighter. As population increased the lands would become valuable, and in many localities would soon become sufficient to sustain a school, and perhaps help other schools less | favorably situated. Now is the time to provide for the schools, by endowing them liberally with land, which would at least ease off the pressure when the day arrives for grumbling against the cost of education. In the many complications which sur round the sale of intoxicating liquors, they appear in Victoria to have gone a step beyond the other colonies. The new Public-house Law of that colony is not only very stringent upon the vendors of liquor, but it appears also to reach the buyers as well. As we have long con sidered the men unfairly treated who honestly pay a large sum for a license, and who are afterwards a constant prey to spies and loafers of all kinds, we will not be sorry to hear that the buyer of grog can at times be brought under the law as well as the seller. Our Victorian contemporaries relate that an important decision was given recently by the Rkhmond bench of magistrates, as regards Sunday trading by publicans, which, if .upheld by the Supreme Court, must have the effect of putting a stop to the prosecutions which have been so frequent since the coming into operation of the new Act. Two married women, who had obtained beer from the Royal Sailor Hotel on Sunday, February 5, by sending a little girl (the daughter of one of them) for it, were summoned by an agent of the Richmond Licensed Victu allers' Association, under the 50th section of the Justices of the Peace Statute, for aiding, abetting, counselling,, and procuring the landlord of the hotel to sell liquor on the day in question, the said landlord being thereby guilty of an offence punishable on summary conviction. Patrick Hogan, the landlord, had already been fined for selling liquor on this occasion, and it was con tended; on the part of the prosecution, that those who counselled and procured him to commit the offence were equally guilty under the section of the Justices of the Peace Act quoted. The magistrates inti mated their intention of carrying out the law, and fined the defendants one shilling each, with costs —in one case £1 10s., and in the other .£1 3s. 6d. This prosecution, the first of the kind yet attempted, having proved successful, it is to be presumed that the same course will be adopted with regard to the police the next time they enter a public-house in plain clothes and purchase liquor on Sunday. Alas!, the last kick of the Great Liberal Party has been kicked, and the kick (a deserved one) was administered by the organ of the party to the party itself. The Queensland Express is no more. Its last dying groan was not complimentary to the men in whose behalf it sacrificed the position of a useful journal. Its faith was pinned upon the Great Liberal Party, and of all support that of politicians is the most exacting and the most fickle. The Express appears to have found it out, when too late. The leaders of the Liberal Party are taken to task in the last issue in a manner which illustrates the support expected from them, and how that faith evaporated as they, like reeds on a hot day, shrivelled and disappeared under the hot blasts of place and pay which the Government blew over them. Every bait held out was swallowed, if the last* sentences of the defunct journal are reli able ; and there being neither men nor means left, the Express considered the time had come to give up the ghost, and it has disappeared accordingly. May its re pose be sweet. 