Colonial. Intelligence, ' ' DIOCESE OF ;MELBOUENE. GENERAL. In consequence of an attack of facial erysipelas, the Bishop wa prevented from visiting, as he had arranged to do,' Smythesdalc and Scarsdale, and also Ararat, and from being present at the church meeting at Ballarat ; but he was sufficiently recovered to administer confirmation at St. Paul's Church, Ballarat, on Sunday afternoon (Gth), but was prevented by the weather from visiting Egerton and' Gordons, as he had intended. ? - '?' :- ARCHDEACONRY OF MELBOURNE AND GEELONG. Coburg. — On Monday, July 10th, the parishioners, numbering about 350, assembled in the Orderly-room, for the purpose of pre senting to Mr. Cramer, organist of Trinity Church, an address, expressing their esteem and appreciation of the gratuitous services rendered by him to the church for the past eight years. Col. Champ occupied the chair. The address, presented by Wm. Anketell, Esq., J.P., was accompanied by a handsome silver claret-jug, mounted with gold, Mr, Cramer, in a few appropriate remarks, thanked the parishioners for their kindness. The Kev. W. Carter (the former incumbent), who on rising was greeted with a perfect storm of applause, bore his testimony to the care and trouble which Mr. Cramer took with the choir, and also of the great respect in which he was held. South Yarra. — The new organ for Christ Church was publicly opened on the evening of July 12th, by Mr. Plaistcd, organist at St. Stephen's, Eichmond. There was an exceedingly large attendance, every seat in the church being occupied. No particular musical dis play was' made,. the singing being confined to the ordinary chants and hymns of the Church of England service, with the well-known anthem, 'In Jewry- is God known.' The fine tones of the organ were greatly admired. The service was read by the incumbent of the church, the Eey. Mr. Guinness; and the sermon was preached by the Eev. G. W. Torrance, of St. John's, Melbourne. Preston. — Mr. Samuel- Weir having resigned the charge of Preston and Epping, a meeting was held on the evening of July 28 at Preston . to bid him farewell. After tea, which Avas most liberally provided by the ladies of .the district, the meeting adjourned to the church, which was filled to overflowing. %Mrs. James, and many of the choir of St. Mark's, with their usual kindness, attended, and sang very beautiful anthems in the intervals between the speeches. The assembly was addressed by the Dean (who pre sided), the Eev. D. Fraser, and Mr. Henry Henty ; after which, Mr. Creed presented ? Mr. Weir a testimonial from the inhabitants of the district expressive of - the high estimation in which his nli nvn n.ter cm r\ ' aamnnca vopvp ' .Ti/»lrT lwr nil nn.rt.ios ? ru~\c\ n.lsn n. nni'Sfi containing £25, to which was to be added a liberal donation from the Lord -Bishop, and the proceeds of the meeting, after deducting expenses, Mr. Main followed, on behalf of the Church of St. Luke's, North Fitzroy, who heartily joined in the testimonial, and who had gladly contributed . towards the presentation. Mr. Weir returned thanks, and after a speech from Mr. Bon wick, author of Carious Facts of Old Colonial Days, one- of the most interesting and gratifying meetings ever held in the district was concluded. Archdeaconry of ballarat and Hamilton. On Thursday, July 27, the Lord Bishop, accompanied by Mrs. Perry, left- town for Ballarat, intending to make an extensive tour in the neighbourhood of that town and of Ararat, for confirmations, &c; but the attack of illness above referred to prevented the carrying out of his intended plan. The Bishop had invited the Archdeacon, Mr. Colin Campbell, and the clergy of the neighbourhood, to meet him at a collation, at which, however, he was unable to be present, and the Dean presided in his place. In the evening a meeting was held in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute* at which Mr. Gaunt, the Police Magistrate, presided, and which was very numerously attended. As the Bishop could, 'not be present, he wrote an address, which was read by the Archdeacon, and which, as it relates not merely to local sub jects; but to matters interesting to the church, we give in extenso: — 'As I am not able to be with you this evening, 1 have thought it well ?to write down the heads of what I intended to say to you, and to ask the Archdeacon to read them for mo. Those who will address you may perhaps enlarge on some of the points. On former occasions I have spoken at length on the condition and prospects of the church in this diocese : I will now only remark that there is a twofold aspect — favourable and unfavourable. If we consider the increase in the number of clergy from 17 to 129, and in that of churches from 6 to nearly 200, together with the large increase in the number of par sonages which has taken place since the discovery of the goldfields in 1851 — ie.j in less than 20 years — and when, we consider further the general character of our parochial clergy, and the annual amount raised by ourlaity (upwards of £60,000) for church purposes, we have reason to thank God for His goodness, and take encouragement from ? it for the future. .??- This is the favourable aspect of the condition of our church. But, on the pther hand, when we contemplate the enormous increase of the population of the colony within the same period, from little more than 70,000 to upwards of 700,000, the rise of so many vil lages and small towns, and the occupation of so many districts by the agricultural settlers ; and further, when we find so much lukewarm ness and insensibility to their privileges and responsibilities mani fested by many of the more wealthy members of our church, our hearts are saddened, and we are disposed to give way to despondency. This is the unfavourable aspect of our condition. What, then, ought to be the effect upon us when we contemplate theni both together ? Surely not to boast of what has been done, nor to be discouraged at the thought of what remains undone ; but while we thank God and take courage in the contemplation of the one, remembering the other, ?hn Tin mill n nnrsplvpa +Vvr nm- eTirwltp.nmiriors. nr.i.v for TTlS Plliflp.nRG and blessing, and, in dependence thereon, apply ourselves with patient, persevering earnestness to overcome the difficulties with which we have to contend. It is a common complaint against our church that its organisation is defective, and doubtless, to a certain extent, this complaint is just ; but the fault appears to me to have been greatly exaggerated, and while we endeavour to supply what is defective in our church system of organisation, we must not forget that we have such a system. The characteristics of that system are — first, that it is territorial ; and secondly, that every individual holds in it a minis terial office, occupies, in a greater or less degree, an independent position, and is free to exercise, under certain limits, his own per sonal judgment in the fulfilment of his duties. Thus, our bishops have assigned to them their own :respective dioceses, our archdeacons their archdeaconries, and the rest of the clergy their parishes or parochial districts. A bishop may not intrude upon the diocese of another bishop ; nor an archdeacon nor a parochial clergyman upon the fields of labour which have been allotted to others. Moreover, the parochial clergyman, no less than the bishop, has full liberty, provided that he obeys the laws of the church, for the exercise of his own idiosyncrasy. The system of our church then is parochial, not only in contradistinc tion to the congregational system of the Independents and Baptists, but also to the central system of the Wcsleyans. We believe that this system is preferable to any other, and, therefore, that all improve ments should be engrafted upon it, and not any alteration made in ' it. Herein we are glad to think that we have the authority of that great mani the/ late Dr. Chalmers, on our side, who always main tained that the ministrations of the gospel would never be secured for a whole people, except by a parochial organisation. Nevertheless 'there are defects in out system as it exists in our fatherland; and it behoves us here to observe those defects, so far as we are able to supply them. The principal of them appear to be, that there is no, power of adaptation to the changing circumstances of a country, and that the laity have not their proper position assigned to them in the management of ecclesiastical affairs. It is obvious, that in a pro gressive country a tei'ritorial system, such as I have described, must need' continual re-adjustment. Dioceses and parishes must alike require subdivision and re- arrangement of boundaries. But the church in England possesses no power of such re-adjustment, and the Acts of Parliament relative to the subject, which have from time to time been passed by the civil legislature, are inadequate for the purpose; the church needs a legislature of its own. This is its first great defect. Again, in the parishes of the church in Englaud, the laity are supposed to be represented by the churchwardens and the vestry; but this gives them little real power in the administration of the affairs of the church, and it is only thus that they are recognised at all. They have no place in the synodal meetings of the bishops and clergy, known as the Convocations of Canterbury and York ; and they have no diocesan position. This is the second great defect in the organisation of the church in England. There is also an evil resulting from the parochial system ?which I must not pass over un noticed — viz., its tendency to make parochial clergymen to regard themselves as individual units rather than the component parts of one common church; to isolate them, and impair their sympathy one with another. These are the acknowledged defects of our church system of organisation in England ; but I am thankful to say that these defects have already, in the good providence of God, in a great measure been supplied, in victoria, in our unurcn Assembly we have an ecclesiastical legislature, consisting of the Bishop, clergy,, and representatives of the laity, and invested with all the powers requisite for the due regulation and management of the affairs of the church. Through that Assembly we have the power, by the subdivision of dioceses and parishes, to adapt the church to the growing wants of the people, and to introduce any new machinery which may seem to be required to promote its efficiency. For example, a council of clergymen and laymen has been constituted for' the advising of the Bishop 'in all temporal affairs of the church. With a view also of promoting a local interest, and procuring local information, archidiaconal councils have been recently formed, for the superintendence and promoting of the welfare of the church in their several districts. A law also has been passed, by which the people have acquired a voice in the selection of their ministers. Church patronage, as it is called, no longer belongs exclusively to the Bishop; nor, as in so many places in England, is it possessed by persons who have no interest in the spiritual welfare of those to be ministered to. We have reason, therefore, thankfully to acknowledge, that, while the main characteristics of our church system have been preserved, so great improvements have been introduced. And I do ? not know of any others which could be added, except it be the consti tution of parochial vestries, which, I trust, will be speedily effected by an act of our Assembly ; and perhaps the formation of clerical and lay councils in our large towns, where there are three oi\ more parishes, such as Melbourne, Ballarat, and Geelong, which might have the general superintendence over the church in those towns. It appears to me that what we now chiefly require is, not an improved organisation, but increased zeal in and devotedness to the service of our Divine Master, in all those of us, whether clergymen or laymen, who hold offices therein. Such zeal and devotedness can proceed only from the sanctifying, heart-stirring influence of the Spirit of God. It seems to be too much forgotten that without the inspiring power of the Holy Ghost the most perfect organisation is valueless. A railway engine may be admirably constructed, all its various parts may be in excellent order, its boiler may be fully supplied with water ; but unless fire be placed under, it will remain motionless. Even so will it be with all church organisations, however well adapted in themselves tor the end which they are to accomplish; without the motive power of the Spirit of God, they will be powerless to effect it. Let us then, my friends and brethren, while we endeavour still further, as much as possible, to improve our church organisation, above all seek to obtain for ourselves and one another this motive power, for making it effectual to accomplish the work for which it is designed. Let us of the clergy, especially, not content ourselves with gathering congregations, the members of which shall be like those of whom we read in Ezekiel's vision of dry bones — each bearing the semblance of a man, bone fitted to bone, with sinews and fiesb, and covered with skin ; but destitute of the breath of life. Let us remember, that until the Spirit breathe upon them they are like those slain ; and let us continually cry unto the Lord that He may breathe tipon them, and they may live. Then may we hope that our people shall become an exceeding great army of soldiers of Christ.' Besides a few words from the Archdeacon before reading this paper, the meeting was addressed by the Dean, Mr. Colin Campbell, and the Rev. John Potter. ARCHDEACONRY OF CASTLEMAINE. Christchurch, Castlemaine. — The debt which existed until recently upon Christchurch, and was a continual source of trouble and a hindrance to the prosperity of the church, has happily been liquidated. The proceeds of a bazaar provided the means, and have left a considerable surplus for improvement of buildings. The Rev. Josiah Hollis has been appointed to the district of Fryerstown and Chewton, as officiating minister, in compliance with the request of the inhabitants of both places. Mr. Hollis is to be welcomed to his new charge on Monday, at Fryerstown, when a public tea-meeting is to take place. The Rev. G. A. C, Innis, recently from New South Wales, suc ceeds the Rev. J. Hollis as Curate of Castlemaine. Mr. Innis com mences his labours on the 6th inst. Mr. Stewart, who has for several years been Reader at Rush worth and Whroo, has resigned his post, and accepted a similar one at Seymour and Avenel, under the superintendence of the Rev. H. Watson. Mr. Stewart's earnestness and success at Rush worth will be long and gratefully remembered ; and the best wishes of all its inhabitants will be with him in his new home. It was chiefly owing to Mr. Stewart's indefatigable perseverance that the handsome new ?church was erected at Rushworth.. A successor to Mr. Stewart as Reader at Rushworth is now wanted. A very important district around Cooper's Lake is in much need of supervision, and it is intended to add this district to Rushworth and Whroo. The Archdeacon of Castlemaine will be glad to hear from Readers who would be willing to undertake the duty. The district is large, and the labour will be considerable ; and none but an active strong man accustomed to ride would be able to do the work. 