THEATRE ROYAL. Lovers of sensational drama were gratified to the fall in the performance presented on Saturday night, oa that most extraordinary play deduced from Miss Braddon'e novel, " Ltd y Audley'a Secret," was toe piece de resistance. In the present Instance the adaptation was different from tost formerly played here, and some few changes resulted. The title, too, hoe been altered to "The Mysteries of Audley Court," by the gentleman (Mr Broom, we believe) who arranged this venion; but though toe. climax is more suddenly arrived at, much of the relieving element of low comedy is omitted, nevertheless not to any extent inter- terfering with the main points. To Mra Gladstone, of course, fell the put of Lady Audley, alias Mrs Thlboyz, who, after deserting her first husband, commits bigamy for toe sake of wealth and raok. Talboys (Mr RnsseU) was supposed to have, gone to Australia, but in reality he bang abont Audley Court, toe property of an old kolght. He at last met his perfidious helpmate in a lonely part of the grounds, and upbraided her with her crime, and the quarrel roes to each s pitch tost when Talboye seized her, she stabbed him with a sti letto, and believing bim to he dead she threw toe body into sn old well, which, under her own directions, was afterwards filled up. Bat there was a witness to the dork dead la Lake Marks (Mr Dana), a low drunken fellow, and a sort of companion of the low company kept by toe sup posed murdered man, and his equally dissipated acquaintance Capt. Maidon (Mr Reeves). Mark makes his market of Lady Audley, who perforce bribes bim to silence. But a nephew of old Sir Michael, Robert Audley (Mr Monro), gets acne and follows it up, charging her ladyship ia ber dra win groom with toe murder. She is stung to desperation, and resolves to get young Aadley out of the way. Next comes Marks, who extorts another eum of money, and part of the interview is overheard by Alicia Audley (Miss Blanche Gray), a coubId of Robert, to whom she confides what she had discovered. This ia toe lost link, and Robert goes td Marks' lodginghoase to get his story. Here, by a rather unnatnral but strictly dramatic coincidence, the missing Talboys tarns up. Lady Audley meanwhile, in one of her frantic moods, knowing where they . were, resolved to burn both Robert and Marks in their beds, and proceeds to the room of toe former, Betting it on' fire and locking the door. Andley had anticipated her movements . meantime. She went to toe next rojm with the intention of similarly worming up old Marks, when to her horror ehe sees her flrat husband in bis former costume, and she shrieks, falls, and dies.. Ab a specimen of some. of our lady novel writers toe story is almost uoique, and would be . disgusting bat for toe extraordinary opportunity ' it offurds to an actress In depicting the passions of pride, cruelty, revenge, . and recklessness,. . These several characteristics were exhibited to tbe beet by Mrs Gladstone, who threw into her part : eo much alternate energy, fright, winsomeness, and gaiety, added to most rapid . and thrilling transitions, according ob they suited toe different situations, that toe audience was captivated. The painting ecene was especially clever, and waa a fine exhibition of a mask hebind which so much crime could be Concealed. In costume, Mra Glad-., stans will rank among the foremost of loadiog' actresses, combining both taste and elegance/whilst - the <">1 distortions were admirably put on. We have pleasure in noticing ac old favorite, Mies Gray, a very sprightly player, and careful withal. The Phasbe of Mlsa Douglass was nicely gone through; and Mrs M Gowsu, with the other ladies, were well up ia their parte.' ' As Sir Michael Audley, Mr M'Gowan made up and acted admirably. Mr Monro, as Robert Audley, was ob usual, perfect in the dialogue,' bnt toe character rather overweighted blm. Mr 'RnsseU, as Talboys, did bis small port welL Mr Beeves made a good part of Captain Maidon. Abont John Bonn it is almost snpeiilaons to speak; his low comedy is always brimful of fun. Mrs Glad stone wob more than once called before the curtain. After toe fall of toe curtain Mr Stanley appeared before toe audience, and relnnied thanks for the liberal patronage bestowed on toe company per-' forming under his management during the season. Under such favorable circumstances It had been arranged to prolong the season during another short period, wheo be hoped to 'produce , fresh entertainment, boas to lead to continued success. The evening's entertainment concluded with the farce of "A Ghost in pito..of Himself," In which tbe manager repeated the impersonation of Dickory, and thus ended a very long performance. Tbe play of " Elizabeth'' win be repeated this evening, followed 'fey a faroe. ; '/ 