mi'.? ???II nj . ?. . 1 .. .. -, ? ,. . EXTRAORDINARY STORY OP LORD BROUGHAM. ONE of tho most remarkable stories recently told appears in Lord Brougham's autibio graphy, which hns just been issued by Messrs. Blackwood:-"A most remarkable thing happened to mo-so remarkable., that I must tell thc story from thc beginning. After I left thc High School I went with" G-1-, my most intimate friend, to attend thc classes in the University. There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks dis- cussed and speculated upon many grave sub jects-ramong^others/onvthc immortality of v thc soul,.and on a futurestate. .This question, 3 and" the possibility, ' Iwill not say of ghosts walking, but of thc dead appearing to the living, were subjects 'pf much speculation ; and wc actually committed the folly of drawing up an agrcem'ent, written with our blood,- to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to thc other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained pf the Uifc after death.*7 After wc had finished qur clásBos at thc college, G-- wcnttolndia, having got an appointment there in the civil service. He seldom. wrote to me, and ofter thc lapse of a few years I had almost for- gotten him; moreover, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them,.or.of him through them, so that all.thc old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten his existence. I had taken, as I have said, a warm bath ; and while lying in it ;and en- joying thc comfort of the heat after the late, freezing I had undergone, I turned my head round, looking towards thc chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to. .get out of thc bath. On thc chair sat G , looking calmly at mc. How I got out'of thc bath I know not, but ? on recovering myv senses I found myself sprawling on thp^porv The1 apparition, or whatever it waa mat had taken the likeness of , G-S had disapspeared\ This vision pro-'. . duccd such a shock thatJÇ had no inclination7 to talk about it, or to speak about it even to Stuart; but thc impression it made upon me . was too vivid,; to bc,easily forgotten, and so strongly was I-affected by it that I have herc written down the whole'history with the date, December 19th, and all thc particulars, as they arc now-, fresh before mc. No doubt I tihad fallen^aslcep',1', and ' that thc appearance dream I cannot for a'moment doubt ; yet for years-I had had no communication with G--, nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection. Nothing had taken place during oui^Swccnsh travels either con nectcd with G£-ol- \vith India, or with anything relating to him or to any member of his family. I . recollected quickly euough our old discussion, andVtho bargain we had made. I could not discharge from my mind the impression that G-- must have died, and that his appearance to mc / was to bc ' received by me as a proof of a future state." This was on December 19th, 1799. lu October, 18G2, Lord Broughnm added os a postscript :-" I have just boen copying out from my \journal the account of this strange dream. \ Certissima mortis imago! And;now to finish they story, begun about sixty years since. Soon^ after my return to Edinburgh there* arrived a letter from India announcing G ' V death, and stated that he had died on December 19th !" was a 