THE AtJSTBALASIAN WESLEYAN METHODIST CONFKBKNCK, 1871. (From the Aferruiy.J Fibst LUT— TnoBSDiV, Jan. 18th. The seventeenth annual Conforcnco of the Australasian Wcslcyan Methodist Church, began its sittings at 10 o'clock yesterday morning, in die MclviUe- sLrect Church. Tho following ministers from other colonies were present: — The licv. Messrs. Watsford (President of the Con ference), Bickford, Thomas Williams, Dodgson, Wells, Dare, Cope, Blamires, and Pitcher, from Victoria ; Kevs. Messrs Hurst (Ex-president), Kabouo (General Secretary of Mission^. Walkin, Gaud. Oliapiimii, Jabcz Watcrhousc, Orani, Cur now. Martin, and Phillips, from NcwSoudi Wales ; ller. Messrs. Binks, .Tames, Pat chell, and Goldsmith from South Aus tralia ; Itcv. .!. Harding from Queensland; liev. A. Hcid, from New Zealand ; Hcv. J. Hooncy, from Fiji ; logothcr with all the ministers iu full connection residing iu this colony, except the Ilev. A. Inglis, of WcBlbiiry, prevented by illness from being present. A few additional mem bers of llie Conference are expected to or rive to-day. The Conference was opened by Biug g the 47Nlh byuiu of the Wesleyau hyinii-liook, beginning And m-,' .mob oiLit'h farcV' inerwhielitbaUi-crelaryread a Psalm, in,i thrllevs. S. Uabone, and If. Gaud .*u^aged in prayer. Tho Conference was then addressed by lie retiring President (the Rev. G. liursl) » ho in a few earnest and appropriate hen traces introduced tlu-Ucv. JohnWatsford, )l Ballarat, as his successor, at the same time handing over to him a copy of the Word of God, the Coofonmoe Seal and the Conference Journal. Mr Watsford, iicording to usage, had been nominated to his present olhce by the last Australa sian Conlrrencc, ami appointed hy tlic British Conference ori870. The new President then took the chair, nnd delivered the following addros* : — ' Mr Ex-Prvsidrnt and Brediren,— I thauk you for the very kind and cordial wny in which you have received me tn^lay as President ol this Conference. It assures ? , that while I feel I am far from being all ilint your President should he, yet you will bear with and help me, and pray that God may bless and guide and sustain me in the high position in which you and the British Conference huve placed me. I do not intend to trv to make a long speech. We have to much to dot and to Dtlle time in which to do it, that it would ill become me to take up die time of the Conference by any lengthy address. But you will, I am sure, kiudly allow me to gire ex pression to the feelings of my heart on lit occasion. ' I thank God for my connection with Methodism. I sincerely feel it, when I say what has often been said, that I owe all I am and have, under God, to this church. Converted at the age of eighteeu under its ministry, I have for more than thirty-three years enjoyed its privileges, and have had the great honor of being one of its ministers for twenty -eight years. I mourn to-day over much unfaithfulness ; but I bless God that I am still numbered among his servants, and tlmt I hare not altogether laboured in rain. When I entered upon diis work, I knew there were many things I could be, many things I could not do ; but I was fully convinced that I might be an earnest and successful preacher of the Gospel, and bo instru mental in saving souls. I determined, God helping me, to aim at this, and I hope and believe that, in my humble way, diis has to some extent been accomplished. ' I rejoice to say that my attachment to Methodism has grown with my years, and my love to our glorious Church and all connected with it is greater now Uian ever it was. I greatly love and respect its ministers. Whatever failings and in firmities diey may have, I regard them as men of God, Lruo servants of Jesus Christ, who make it the one great busi ucl« of their live, to save nm]s. I esteem very highly in lore for their works' sake those who are associated with us in the work of the Chureh — our local preachers, our leaders, our Sabbath-school teachers, our stewards, our tract distributors, our prayer leaders, a noble band of working men and women greatly honored and blessed by God. I love our Methodist people, the thousands and tens of thou sands who have tasted that the Lord is gracious, and arc walking in die fear of die Lord, and die comfort of die Holy Ghost. ' I thank God for our Mcdiodist doc trine, our clear, well defined system of theology. What some others regard as our fault and weakness, we all, I am sure, most heartily praise God lor, a system of theology which we believe to be truly scriptural, from which we liavc no de.ire to depart; Irom wtuch we cannot depart, and continue ministers of diia Church ; and from which, thank God, we have not departed. Whilst there have been chances all around us, whilst the conflict of mind has been so great, and the failures so many, we have still held by die faidi de livered unto us j and neither because it has been fashionable, nor because it has been considered very intellectual, have we run after die errors so popular in these days. I pray God that we may ever be kept faidiful. ' I thank God for our Methodist disci pline, and I would say with those who have preceded me, that I rejoice that we are still determined not to reckon or re gard any one as a mcmlier of this Church who does not meet in clam with us. Whilst feeling sorry for the brother, I am thankful for what our fadiers and bre thren did at the hut British Conference. We have from the first contended for Christian Communion, and we have it here. We believe diat we ought to know who and what they are who oome to the Lord's table ; and whilst other Churches have their plans and arrangements for knowing tills We have ours, and we are prc]MLrcd to abide by it ' I praise God that I have had any part in the great Missionary work, and I rejoice with you in die financial position of die Society hut year. I hope it may bo as good this year. Our Mis sionary Society it in many respect* in a very critical position just now, and it (should have our sympathy and prayers. I believe we did right a. a Conference in. taking these, missions under our care, that all we do for die millions not only doc. not binder our borne works, but greatly helps it, end I dunk we, an gready honoured and blessed by our connection with tiiis noble instituU day some of those who so earnestly laboured amongBt us, and so greatly helped in all our deliberations. They have finished their work mid entered into their rest. And our work, brethren, will soon be ended. May we do it well ! And when tlic cud comes, may we. enter into the Master's joy 1 ' 1 am sure tliat I may say thut we all deeply feel how heavy lias been llie blow that lm» fallen upon tho cause of educa tion in general, and Methodist education in particular, by the lamented death of Dr. Corrigan, and dial we very .in cerely sym]iatliiso with brother Waugh and all connected with Wosley College in this sad bereavement. ' And now, brethren, I pray God tliat we have a good Conference. Let us oon .aerate ourselves to God, and earnestly pray for the baptism of die Spirit. Let us do die work as bredircn, and as ser vants of Jesus Christ. And as it is very desirable dial we liave a short Conference, let us do tlie business with all the dis patch consistent with the importance ; and may God bloss us.' Tho next business was the election of a secretary. The Rev. B. Chapman was re-elected. The fievs. J. Waterhouse and N. Bennett wcro appointed assistant secretaries. Leave of absence was granted to die following ohairmou of districts who were unablo to at tend :— Tho Hev. J. S. Waugb, T. Buddie, and J. Buller. Votes of thanks, which were duly ac knowledged, were unanimously presented to tlie retiring President and the Secre tary for their services during the past year. Tim ivply of the British Conference of 1870to die reply of die hist Australasian Conference was rood uud received, and arrangements mode for the preparation of the address to die British Conference for this year. The following ministers were received into full connection with the Conference : —The Revs. M. Middern, J. W. Brown, G. H. Holmes, J. A. Waddell. At this stage of the business the Con ference adjourned, and the doors were thrown open at noon for die public Con I'erence prayer meeting. A considerable number of worshippers assembled iu the body of the Church, and various minis ters led the devotions of the congregation. Prayer was esjiecially offered for the out pourings of the Holy Spirit, (he success of the work of God more particularly amongst tlie young, the blossing of God upon the deliberations of the Conference, and the restoration ot )wacc in Europe. At the afternoon session, after singing and prayer, the reception of the ministers into full connection with the Conference «as resumed. The follow. nu names passed i he Conference :— Hers. K.Taylor, 11\. Moore, W. Woston, K. J. Bickford, H. Catford, T. E. Ick. M.A., C. Lancas tcr, J. Haslcra. W. Oliver, J. Osborne, and A. J. Webb. Tlie resignation of two preachers on trial was accepted. Tin- Chairman of Districts reported the names of forty-four others who still re main on Iriol. as with one or two excep tions, nut liaving yet completed their term of probation. ration, ' What preachers are now re ceived on trial?' The names of 11 can didates were approved of, and others will be considered to- day. The last few minutes of the afternoon session were occupied with miscellaneous business. The cx-1'resiilent, with Messrs. Cope. Wells, and Goldsmith, were appointed a Bub-committec to investigate the slate' of the F.ducation Fund, and to bring up a report to the Conference. The Chairman and representatives of the vnrious districts were appointed a sub committee to consider and report on die matters relating to the Sunday Schools of the Wcaleyan Church. Notice of motion was given by tlic ex president with reference to tho mode of electing district representatives to die The Conference adjourned a few minutes after 6 p.m. The Itcv. Mr Wells, superintendent minuter of (he Sandhurst circuit.preached to a numerous audience in tho evening, basing hie remarks on incidents in tlie life of Jacob. GECOMDDiY— FBIDiT, JiNCABY 20rH. The morning session was opened with tinging, reading a portion of the serip ures, and prayer, after which the Secre. ary read the journal of the previous day's proceedings The consideration of cases of Candida .uro for die ministry was then rcsumed rhc following young men, including those rhosc names were before the Confercuce jn Thursday, were accepted on trial :— W. H. Beaie. U- McKoowu, J. Wool lough, H. Youngmau, T. Moore, A. Mid rioy, T. F. Boeve, C. H. lngamuUs, H. K. Icrriman, J. W. Ingham.J.H. Tuct field, A. J. Bogle, W.H. Pollard, J. 0. Macdougall, W. Burridgc, W. S. Harper, W. B. Marten, and H. 1. C. Gilliert. The death of one minister. »incc last Conference, the Hev. 11. Amos, of Parra matla, N. S. Wales, was reported. The Kcvs. S. Kabone, and H. Gaud wen re juostcd to prepare an obituary notice for insertion in die Conference inmutes. The question of character diuu occupied the serious attention of the Conference, The oamos of tho various ministers sta tioned in dicsc colonies were read over, in order dial any objections widi rcs|-ect to character, heterodox preaching, breach of discipline, or incompetent ability might be carefully considered. A Committee of Discipline, consisting of the Kevs. G. Huret, W. A. Wuick, 8. Rabone, I. Har ding, W. P. Wells, W. L. Binks, and A. Reid, was appointed to investigate any cases demanding inquiry, and report to die Conference. The next business was alteration or division of circuits, and the entering upon new stations. In New South Wales diree now stations were recommended for ordination Borabala, Wilcannia, and Wcutworth, and die division into two circuits of a large tract of country wiiich has hitherto only formed one, under die name of the Narrabri and Moree Circuit. This tract of country was repre.cnted as being about die size of Euglaud ; and Llie. minister at present in charge, has had to ride over 4-50 miles in one direction. A. gentleman in Eagl ind had oflcred a considerable sum annually, towards tho support of on additional min ister in that locality. In Queensland it was resolved that a new station named Logan should be occu pied. The Chairman of the Queensland district, the Rev. I. Harding represented die great need of more ministers for vast districts now being settled in that colony, but which havo to be left without minis ters for want of funds. In Victoria a new station named Hay. wood is to be taken up. In South Aus tralia there is a large district extending some 200 miles between Kooriuga ant Mount Remarkable, including several large estates, the gentlemen resident on which have offered considerable annual subscription, in order that die district may be regularly supplied with Gospel ministrations. This district, under the general name of die ' North East,' is to a minister. In Tasmania, the Fingal district, from Avoca eastwards, to the coast, and then northward to George's Bay and die coun-, try around, it is to bo made into a circuit, and have a resident minister. The greater part of the funds noccasary for this havo been guaranteed for die first year. A new circuit .is also to be found in New Zealand. Besides dice new stations, properly so called, a huge number of circuit* in almost all the colonies, have outgrown their original dimensions, and are to be divided, in tome cases into two, in othen. Into Uiroo circuits. ffliete arrangement* were scarcely com. pletfid, when the morning session closed all p.m. At half-past two, die ministers reas sembled. After the usual devotions had baen-ofiered.and the above matter* dit posed of, the Hcv. James Bickford as] pennisnontottatetodieConferonoct foliadjiutteoeivedfromUw Ser.lT Butters, who, many yean ago, laboured successfully in this island, and is now residing a/a supernumerary minister in England, a letter in which lie spoke of his health as being better than it iud been for years, so that he was able to preach twico every Sunday, and attend two or throe public meetings in ih* course of every week. Mr BuUen lent, lu's love to llie President and Iu his mini.-' terial brethren. Mr Bickford also in formed the Conference that the liev. Dr. liigg, Principal of tlio Wcsloyan Train ing Institution, Westminster, liad been elected n member of the School Board for the City of London, under tin- now Education Aet at home. Applications were road from two es teemed ministers connected with tho Irish Wesleyan Methodist Conference, bnt obliged to make their homes in Australia through ill hualth, to be pdinitted into connection with this Conference as minis ters of the Australian Wesluyan Church. The Conference, whilst desirous to show these gentlemen the highest respect, were obligod to decline acceding to their re quest on account of the great difficulty experienced in findiug circuits for ad ditional married men. It was resolved tiiaf the names of these ministers should be appended to the lists of stations, as supernumerary ministers in connection with the Irish Conference, but now resi dent in Australia. The remainder of tho afternoon was taken up with the consideration of ap pointments to circuits for the next year. Tho Conference love foadt wob held hist evening in the Melville-street Chapel, when a very lurgc number of members of tin- Wc.slcynn body, and nearly the wholo of the ministers attending the Conference were, present. 