TIIE INSCRUTABLE MYSTERY-AN ESSAY, Br VERDANT GEBEN. Meen natural anxiety ÍB evinced in certain quarter! to discover " tho Man not difficult to (ind." lt would ecem that, in point of fact, much difficulty ia experienced in fixing tho identity in this ca>e. Tho most diligent eearch for the " Coming Man," has been mode by certain of our citicens, and they have reluctantly come to tho conclusion tliat ho is very difficult to lind indeed. An immense amount of vital energy is unhappily waited in searches after the Unknown. The pursuit of tho "Golden Fleece " proved disastrous to ancient mariners. Thc quest for the " Philosopher's Stone " has made shipwreck of tho most brilliant prospects. Devotion to the Occult Scienoes has destroyed | many a noble iutellect. The Mirage of the Desert has proved a fatal allurement to many a weary traveller. Indeed, history abounds with shockiug examples of the ills that have befallen unhappy adventurers in pursuit of the Invisible. In the hopo of supplying a timely caution to our readers-particularly our literary and critical readers- we have taken up the pen to-day. But the Man ie not difficult to (Ind. Then surely ono may try and discover him, without danger of mental, moral, or physical mischief. In the first plaoe, he must bo and undoubtedly is a Man. Not a gorilla or a ghost. Not a fairy or a spectre. Not a vampiro or a ghoul. [ Not the Prince of the Power of the Air, or the Prince of Darkncse. Not even the Old Gentle- man ; no, decidedly not. The Man not difficult to find must be a Man /-that's closr. And he is not difficult to find. This leads to the irresis- tible conclusion that tho man-is not- difficult -to find. Tho man, thon, may possibly ho found. For we aro told the man-IB not difficult-Ut find. Hore therefore wo have the two propositions (1) that the object is a man, and (2) that he is not difficult to find. Then why not find him ?-aye, there's the rub. We should like to find him-od m it tod. As he ÎB not difficult to find, ho can le found. Suppose j we try. Well, BUFFON tells 119-or ought to (ell ui-(hat "man ia a gregarious animal." "Therefore, He Han must bs sought among bis fellows. Ile will not bo found in the lonely bush, but in tho hiunts ot men. We must look for him on tho stage, at tho bar, on thc platform, or tho pies«. For tho mun not difficult to find in no common man. He must be among Ilia Heads of tho People Not among tho taits-decidedly not. Perhaps he has a tail. Ho is not an ape, though, no must be II man who can talk who can tickle tho risibilities of an nudienoe. I Ah! Ha is 1)-n li-gg«- No; that cannot bo ( for our histrionic friend, although nightly seen, is rery difficult to find ont. Tl¡e Man ie not a chameleon. Will thc mua not difficult to Cud appear at tho Bar, or, properly speaking, at tim tibio of tho " Little-go ?" In point of fact, ia lie a Lawyer ? Ia he tho Poor Man*a Friond-tho maker of Crocodilo Toara? No, lie ia not the Coming Ulm; for he baa already como and-gone. Then ia Poor Richard tho man not difficult, ix. ? He waa the Coining Man, but, vanquished hy thoArcber'a bow, he died. He rose »gain j but the lion hath become a lamb. Ho hath been purified a> by fire, and hath written a new name upon him. lie can- not be the man. Shall we find lite man on the platform ? Ia ho Captain Salt-the Hunter of famous renown ? Wo trow not. Captain Salt is duly seasoned, and never was found ou'. Ho cannot be Ike man. Is ho Captain Breezy? Wo'vo "copped" him-hore ÍB Ute-man-not difficult -to find out. But stay ! Wo are beyond tho record. The man must not be difficult to find -but he must not be a man who can ba found out. No, tho Coming Man must keep his own counsel. Captain B. is not him-ah no ! The Mau often exhibits himself-ah! he is Mr. Show ! Of irreproachable address, ho speaks well to the p'int-or, if needful, to tho quart. Mr. Show must be the man. But uay ! ho hath leagued himself with the Fötors of Polynesian Darkness- the "poor man" hath branded him with the mark of Cain- He is not Ike man oh, no t We must Beck further. Is the man not difficult to Bod a Prosa man ? Doth he issue bulletins, widely proclaiming his own health, and tho mortal sickness of his oppo- nent P Doth he emit blue and red fire at public assemblies-think of starting sectarian papers seek to establish bis own success on tho ruin of anotbor ? No, he is not Vie Man-~bis timo is not yet, perhaps may never bo. Lastly, is the Coming Mun a Monster? Doth he, with countless eyes, look upon thc world through a single smoky glass P Doth he Buffer from optical illusions-discover numerous mare's nests-con- stantly make "Much Ado about NothingP" I Doth he stagger undor thc weight of tho Drama -hath he a penchant for Light Comedy-is biB whole existence a Farce? Is he a promising disciple of the Immortal Barnum ? We pauso for a reply. * * * Having paused, we find, (he Monster is not the Man. But enough ! Wo have diligently sought the Man not difficult; to find, and have not found him. But wo have done nearly as much. We have found who-tho Man-is not. Farther into the domain of the Inscrutable we dare not I go. We haro a wholesomo horror of tho Un- known. Enough it is for us to know that the Hour will bring forth lin Mon-" Tho Man not diffi- cult to find." 