ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL VIA SAN FRANCISCO. SUMMARY OF NEWS. Gambetta's party has given up the at tempt to obtain a dissolution of the French Assembly. The English people are subscribing liberally to the fund in aid of the starv ino* natives nf Persia — 0 ? — ' ~ The French Assembly, by 523 against 13 votes, passed a resolution eulogising M. Thiers' government, but 100 mem bers abstained from voting. A rumor is current that Marino, pre sident of the republic of Ecuador, has been assassinated. The island of St. Thomas has been de vastated by a hurricane. 6000 houses were destroyed, and 200 persons killed. Mexico is going from bad to worse, j A revolution has broken out at Oaxaca, headed by Diaz. Thiers has received the congratulations of'the European Courts and of the Pope on the prolongation of his term of office. The cholera, small- pox, and plague are raging simultaneously in Persia. Ferrat and two other Communist leaders have been sentenced to death, one to life imprisonment, and four others to deportation. The Assembly is considering a pro position to send the Commnnists to Mag dalena Bay, Lower California. Walter Montgomery was to have been married on September 18, and committed suicide on the 2nd, no causebeing assigned for the act. Puerto Plata, in San Domingo, has been destroyed by fire. King Amadeus is making the tour of the Spanish provinces. He has become quite popular with his subjects. Queen Victoria is still ill. A terrible riot took place at Dublin on Sunday, the 3rd of October. 10,000 persons met in the Phoenix Park to pass resolutions in favor of granting an amnesty to the Fenian prisoners. On their return home they were attacked by the police, and about one-half injured. They were defeated bv the police, who made numerous arrests. A large number of women participated in the affray, and asserted that it was premeditated. The French Government has appointed a Commission to investigate the whole sale surrenders of the French armies during the late war, commencing with Sedan. Bazaine says that he was com pelled to surrender Metz because his ammunition gave out. ? Cholera is raging at Dantzic, Leipsic, and Vienna. The Emperors of Germany and Aus tria met at Salzburg, September the 5th, and went on a visit to the Jung of Bavaria. Ali Pacha, the Grand Vizier of Tur key, is dead. Mahomed Pacha has been appointed as his successor. All Americans in the employment of the Khedive of Egypt have been dis missed owing to the jealousy of the Turks. M. Thiers has appointed the Duke d'Auinale Governor of Algeria. The Marquis of Lorn is to be ap pointed Governor-General of India, and the Marquis of Lansdowne Governor General of Ireland. Prince Napoleon asserts that he was not aware of the declaration of war, and that he was sent to Italy to win over that gavernment to the French cause. The North German bishops commenced to hold a secret conference at Fulda on the 8th. The Mexicans have been seizing Ame rican vessels in the Gulf. Bavaria is about to recal her Ultra montaneMinister from Rome, and substi tute for him a partizan of Dollinger. Rossel has been sentenced to death by the French Court-martial. The Germans were to commence the evacuation of France on the 1st October, at the rate of 1000 per day. An investigation held at Newcastle by the coroner after Renforth's funeral has removed all suspicion of foul play in con nection with his death. Report says that Juarez and Lerdo de Tejada have joined forces in Mexico, thereby rendering Juarez's election to the Presidency certain. 8000 London engineers have demanded a reduction in the hours of labor. President Grant, of the United States, is about to declare martial law in South Carolina, in order to enforce the sup pression of the Ku Klux Klan associa tion. The frauds of the civic authorities of New York have become so transparent I that an association of citizens have - petitioned the Courts for an injunction . to l est rain the offenders from further j misappropriation of the public fnnds. j A public meeting was held, at which Mayor Hall and Controllers Connelly and Tweed were called upon to resign. : They refuse to do so, and declare the re quest insolent. The United States Cabinet have re solved not to attack Corea at present, | but to await the chance of forming an ' alliance with England and Germany, and act againsi the Coreans in conjunction with those powers. Tne yellow fever is prevailing at Sa vannah and Charleston. Saddler won the single-oar boat race at Halifax. The Winship's crew won the four oared race, the American crew coming in third. The president and superintendent of the Staten Island Ferry Company have been indicted for manslaughter on ac count of the late explosion on board the Wcstfield. In our advertising columns will be found a proclamation of a auction sale of Crown Lands to be held at Mount Peiry, in the Gayndah agent's district, on the 23rd November. It comprises 104 lots in tbe town of Tenningerinr, parish of Mount Perry, twenty -four of which have an ar-ai of two roods, and the remaining lots contain one rood each. This proclama tion comes, to use a somewhat celebrated phrase, ' not a day too soon.'' One of the greatest obstacles to the advancement of Mount Parry is the uncertain tenure on which residents there hold the ground on which their premises are erected. The Chief of the Crown Lands Department may be complimented on tbe choice of a name for the new township. Tenningering is appropriate, distinctive, and tolerably euphonious, iufinitely more so than such a titular abortion as Bundaberg, and others that we could name. Aboriginal names are, as a rule, 'much the best, and should be adopted, wherever possible, in their in tegrity, not pieced and mangled to suit the ear of some Cockney jack-in-office. But if English names must be given, let them be names of familiar import to tbe multitude, illustrative I of local peculiarities of situation, like ' Rock hamptou,' or commemorative of some of the few great men yet remaining to this present age, like ' Gladstone,' not mere sentimental isms, the origin of which soon lapses from memory, leaving nothing but a meaningless sound behind it. The bathing season now having fairly cqpi menced, advantage has been taken of the im proved condition of the road to tbe Bay to start a coach to that salubrious locality every Saturday, returning on the Monday following. The particulars will be found in an advertise ment to that effect. This easy mode of con veyance will no doubt be largely patronised by those who desire to recreate their energies after the toil of the week by a deep draught of the fresh sea breezes on Sunday. Any enterprising capitalist who happens to be '* sweet' on the great agricultural staple of this district, and is in perplexity for a site whereon to plant his mill, cannot do better than turn his attention Burrum-wards. It will be seen from an advertisement bearing the signature of one of the leading residents in that fertile locality, that bis agricultural neighbors are prepared to pave the way for an investment of this kind by undertaking to plant 100 acres of cane on receipt of a guarantee that the means of crushing the same will be provided. Our correspondence from there contains further particulars of this inte resting and commendable movement. The progress report of the Mount Perry Mining Company occupies rather more of our space than is quite convenient. Its insertion is, however, justified by the important local interests involved, and the large number of our readers who are more or less concerned in it. We are reminded that the 16th instant was the fourth anniversary of tbe discovery of Gympie by the brothers Nash. This day (21st) 1867, the first gold from thence was brought to Maryborough by Messrs. E. Booker, W. S. Walsh, and Sergeant Ware. An emergency meeting of tbe Masonic Lodge of Unity and Concord, Irish Constitution, was held last evening, at the lodge room, at which Brother W. H. A. Hirst, tbe Very Worship ful the Provincial Grand Senior Warden, was presented with a handsome wedding gift, a massive silver claret jug, by tbe W.M., in the name of the officers and brethren of the lodge, as a token of esteem, and as a slight acknow ledgement of his kindness to the lodge. The enteitainment by Mr. and Mrs. Hollo way last night-, at the Theatre Royal, merited a larger audience. Mrs. Holloway, as' the Wonderful Woman, especially distinguished nerselt by the nne rendering of her part- and in the '? Rough Diamond ' was inimitable. The ghost scene in Hamlet was well presented. Mr. Holloway and the rest of the company also ably sustained their parts. It will be seen by advertisement that tbe en tertainment will be lepeated this evening. There was an alarm of fire last night, caused, by the ignition of some curtains in an upstairs room at the Royal Hotel. Fortunately the flames were got under before much damage was done, and the excitement caused by the untoward event subsided as quickly as it had been created. The hopes entertained of a seasonable fall of rain have again beeu disappointed, and the. sky maiutains its brazen aspect. Fortunately the weather continues cloudy, which serves, in conjunction with a cool south-easterly breeze, to mitigate the inconvenience occasioned by dust and scarcity of water, as also to keep alive the expectation of a coming change. From the fuss that has been made by some of our cotemporaries about the ' Burdekin bridge,' and the enormity of which the Minister of Works was 6aid to have been guilty in ordering its immediate erection, it might be thought that said ' bridge' was something on the model of the Brisbane eighth wonder, and would require a special loan all to itself. On reference to the Port Den jsoji Times, which we have just received, it appears that the ' bridge' is a mere causeway 150 feet long by 20 wide, which £1000 will complete, approaches aud all. It will, of course, be available' only when the river is low, being constructed so as to offer the least possible re sistance to flood waters, which will sweep right over it Considering that £4300 was voted last year, from the ordinary revenue, for roads and bridges in the Kennedy district, of which sum only £800 was specially appropria ted, the distribution of tbe balance being at the discretion of the Engineer of Roads for the Northern division ; and that the schedule of expenditure of the loan of £90.000 for roads and bridges, sanctioned during the same ses sion, includes the following specific votes roads from Town=ville, £2000 ; roads around Bowen, £10ffl ; other roads, £3300 ; and, though last not least, Burdekin crossing, £2000;. the gratuitous indignation which has been i lavished on the Minister for Works in reference ' to this matter only affords another illustration of tbe miserable expedients to which tbe - Opposition and their eupoortera are rednced'to I sustain a show of patriotism by calumniating 1 the powers that be, ? ? - — - — ^ - The meeting convened by his Worship tbe Mayor for last evening, to take steps for in- . * creasing the accommodation of the Primary 1 School, evinced in the number that attendedr and the lively manner in which the subject was discussed, the large interest taken in it in Maryborough. The want of increased build ing room was clearly placed before the meet ing, and a resolution affirming it cairied Upon the question whether tbe proposed increased accommodation should be provided by an additional building on the present site, or another school in another part of the town opinion was divided, but a resolution was carried, after a long debate, in favor of the former ; a respectable minority being in favor of the erection of a new school. A com mittee, consisting of Messrs. Powell, Barns. Southerden, Duncan, Fairlie, and Purser, was appointed to act with the local patrons, Messrs. Palmer and Dowzer, for the purpose of collecting subscriptions, aud to carry out the object of tbe meeting. A vote of thanks to the Mayor closed the meeting. It is our painful duty to record a most lamentable accident which occurred at the entrance of Nerang Creek on Friday last. It appears j:bat Mr. F. Rawlins, Police Magis trate, and Mr. G. Bourne, were out on a fishing and pleasure excursion, and on the day named _- it was proposed to proceed from Nerang Creek to the Tweed River by land. Three menr named William Harpur, Alfred Gauds, a sad dler, and — Reed, a carpenter employed at Muir's plantation, and a blackboy in the ser- , vice of Mr. Rawlins, preferred the journey by water, and although Mr. Rawlins endeavored to dissuade them from their project, they urged several reasons in favor of it, foremost amongst which was that they were well able to manage the boat in which they proposed to sail, and in which nearly all tbe luggage of tbe party was stowed. Their request was ulti mately assented to, and Mr. Rawlins aud Mr. Bourne proceeded on their journey, and the ' / boat started soon afterwards. The first and second breakers were got over all right, but at tbe third all command over the boat seemed to be lost, ? and she fiHted and sank immedi- f ' ately. The four occupants struggled for a time, but the strong ebb-tide baffled all their » exertions, and they perished in tbe.6igbt of several persons on shore, who saw the accident but were nowerless to render assisrnnne. Messrs. Rawlins and Bourne returned to town early yesterday morning, and we understand that efforts have been made to recover the bodies of the drowned, and the boat — Courier. The two men — Scott and O'Rourke — who were apprehended a week or two ago near Maryborough for horse-stealing, were again brought before the Bench yesterday. After the witnesses for tbe prosecution had been ex amined, the prisoner Scott was discharged, and he was then called by Mr. Milford as a witness for the defence. Ultimately the prisoner O'Rourke was discharged also, although the Bench considered the evidence ' against him amounted to a strong suspicion of illegally using the horse be was charged with stealing. On getting ouiside the Court, the defendant Scott was again arrested by virtue of a war rant of commitment for non-payment of a debt. This man is pursued by quite a number of people having an interest in his welfare, as ^ be incontinently left the district last month without paying the laborers employed in* car- rying out his government road contract near Herbert's Creek. He took care, however, to draw every sixpence due to him on the con tract, and consequently his unfoitunate men may whistle for their money. — Bulletin. The inland mail has brought further intelli gence in confirmation of the reported death of * Mr. Herbert Davis. Writing from Bowen Downs, Thompson River, under date 29th Sep tember. Mr. Alfred C Thomas communicates the following to Mr S. B. Davis, of this town: ' Your brother, Mr. H. C. Davis, who used to be here, left this station three or four months ago with two blackboys,' to go across the desert to the Belyando. Some - lately caught black boys give some painful rumors about him, and the enclosed letter found in a blacks' camp rushed lately by Mr. Kerr would appear to give some consistency to the reports. The letter is knowu to have been written by your brother to his mother, and he is supposed to ^ have bad it with him when he went away. The Native Police are coming up, and when we have more time a 6earch will' be made at the spot indicated by the blackboys, some dis tance from here. The blacks have been very troublesome here lately, and a Chinese shep- ^ herd was killed last week at Jericho.' We may add that Mr. Sydney Davis identifies the letter as being in his brother's handwriting. — [ Rockbampton Bulletin. 