BRICKFIELDS INVALID DEPOT, The monthly meeting of the Board of Manage most of the Brickfields Invalid Depot was held in the Board Room, Public Buildings, at 3 30 pm. yesterday, Present The Hon. A. Kennerley (chairman), Messrs. H. Cook and G. Salier. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. RETURNS. The Superintendent laid upon the table the books, returns, and nominal roll for the month of May, showing the issue of 7,239 rations. The expenditure for the month amounted to £180 Gs. hold.' MONTHLY state. Number of inmates, May 1st, 230 ; admitted during the month 10; total 210. Discharged 12; died 1 ; total 3. Remaining on June 1st 227. APPLICATION FOR LEAVE OF ABSENCE. An application that one of the inmates should be permitted to visit a friend on the first Wednesday of each month and after consideration, complied with. WAHUSMAX DISMISSED. The ÇiMiRVAx reported that a wardsman named Thomas Ghost, who left the Depot on the nth inst. without leave, and afterwards returned drunk, had been discharged. ANNUAL REPORT. Copies of the annual report for 1870 were laid on the table, The following is the report : The Board of Management of the Brickfields Pauper Establishment have the honour to lay before the Government their report for the year ending 31st Dccem W 1870. The average daily number of invalids maintained during that period has been 221 i ; the expense of their maintenance £2,088 15s. 13th, which is at the rate of £12 per annum, or 7#d. J for each inmate per day. This includes superintendence, servants, medical allow me, medicine, and repairs to buildings. The labour of the invalids, as far as practicable, has been made available. The produce of the girl riders for the last year was 35,847 lbs. of vegetables showing a copy siderable auctions on the returns of last year, His Excellency the Governor and several gentlemen belonging to this and the other colonies have visited the institution during the past year, and recorded their satisfaction. The Board desires to thank the ladies and gentlemen who so kindly assisted at the concerts, and other outer tainments given during the year and also to all who have contributed books, newspapers, ka. Religious instruction has been imparted by different ministers of religion to the members of their respective ci code. The Board have much pleasure in bearing testimony to the satisfactory manner in which the Superintendent Ima performed his duties during the past year. The number of inmates in the establishment on the 1st January, 1870, was 220 ; received timing the year 1891 a total 401. Discharged during the your 143 ; died 29 ; total 172\. Remaining 1st January, 1871, 229. Average age of those who died over 74 yours, the oldest being 93, and! the youngest BS. The average age of these remain- ing 70, the eldest being 9 ), and the youngest 18. A, KRMNKiir.KV, Ulmirinnn. Henry Cook. Geo. Sale ea. Banks Hunter. BAILY STATE. Religious : Episcopalians 160 ; Roman Catholics 43; Presbyterians 16 ; Wesleyans 12; Jow 1 ; Total 231. Qimlition: Free by servitude 178; Conditional pardon 30 ; Fren to colony 23 ; total 231. I'OOll ASH B.VIM.0YHËXT AT THE DEPOT. The Superintendent brought under the notice of the Board a letter which recently appeared in The Mercury from one of the employees at the Cascades Reformatory. In the communication reference was made to the watery tea given to the inmates of the Depot. The tea which was provided was examined by the Board of Management, and by the visitors, and pronounced to be very good. The Board were able to judge as to the truth of the statement that the man were kept in idleness at the Dopflb, rib it was well known those who were able to work were employed. The Chairman thought the letter referred to was very foolish, and uncalled for. As regarded the allusion to the Brickfields he saw that Dr. Hall had given his opinion, in which he (the Chairman) quite coincided. Tho Aldermen had been up, and were quite pleased to see the large amount of work which had been done the men under Ihosuporintundenco of Air. Withington. Of course he know nothing of what was done at the Cascades, but the Board know and could speak confidently as to the labour available at the Brickfields being utilised. The men were now doing extra work upon the public roads, which it was not necessary for them to do, but the approach to the Depot was so bad, and as there were no other means of getting it improved, the Board thought it advisable to join with the Corporation and repair the road. The Superintendent, in reply to Mr. Sadleir, said that 25 men had been employed on the road for some time, in addition to the attention given to the garden, so. The Chairman remarked that if Mr. WUhrJnnion required it, the Board would give him a certificate to effect that be made the most of the available labour. The Superintendent did not want that, but he thought it right to bring the subject under their notice, as the reflection was also on the Board as well as himself. The members of the Board then separated, -______ 