TOWN TALK. In consequence of the deranged state of the postal arrangements in France, our former Paris letter, recently dated from. Amicus, and now from Arras, has not' reached us regularly. The letter which should have been delivered last month, is, however, now to hand, and although the interest has been largely shifted to more recent events, the graphic style and reliable character of the incidents related, will probably make the letter—which we publish —acceptable to our readers. It is beyond a doubt that some new, and very important evidence will he brought out at the trial of Geary, for the Colao> murder. A tailor, named Hill, residing dt; CelaCi states thai sonie- tipm after Brook* house disappeared, ho went to Geary's house- and called him out. On leaving, Airs'Geary,' addressing her husband, re marked "Now, Paddy, don't be long, for I'm afraid of Brookhouse's ghost." Sheep, and even horse-stealing was a very common I offence at the time when the murder is I supposed to have been perpetrated. Paddy I Geary had anything but an amiable noto ricty in tlie neighbourhood, and one of the low ranges on the border of Lake Colac bears to this day the significant name of " Paddy's look out." In another column will be found an account of the discovery of the body of a man in the river Barwoh, near Highett's mill. The singular manner in which it was found, the scraps of poetry in the pockets, and the fact of the feet being tied together, and a large stone fastened round the neck, lead to the conclusion that one of the most determined acts of suicide ever recorded has been perpertrated. An in quest will probably be held this afternoon at the Fyanst'ord Hotel, and as the body has not yet been identified, it would be well if those acquainted with any person answering the description given, would visit the place and view the body previous to the enquiry. A letter found on the person of the deceased leads to the infer ence that he has resided in Geelong. Considerable disappointment was ex perienced by a large concourse of persons who assembled at the railway station on Tuesday afternoon, anticipating the arrival j of the Right Rev. Dr Goold, Lord Bishop of Victoria, by the afternoon train. After waiting till the carriages had been vacated by the passengers, it transpired that his Lordship had arrived in the morning, aud in a very private and un ostentatious manner made his way to town The procession that escorted the Bishop Called at the railway station on their way back from the orphanages, so that those that went thither to view the demonstra tion, were ultimately gratified. • The accommodation provided tor pas sengers at several of the railway stations between Geelong and. Melbourne is cer tainly unique. At the Little River Btation the system of making things as' uncomfort able as possible' without, to any extent, interfering with the expenditure, is carried out in an edifying manner. The buildings are costly and substantial, and a commo dious waiting- room is provided for the pas sengers who sometimes wait for hours the arrival of a train, but then it does not even possess the ordinary furniture of a country police watchhouse. On Monday evening when some thirty men and women who had been attending the races were detained for nearly three hours, the manner in which things that might easily be altered are mismanaged to their discomfort was made evident. The furniture of the passengers' room contained a form capable of seating three persons, a chair, and two diminutive tables. The mantelpiece was decorated with two kerosene lamps, one of them I broken and the other giving a " Will o* the Wisp" sort of light. A greasy oil lantern on the table aided to mnke darkness visible, and operated like bad snuff on the nostrils of the few ladies who sought refuge from the rain outside A huge clock outside was useless, as there was no light beneath the verandah. Of course the comments of the passengers, left to linger for hours standing in what was little better than total darkness, was anything but compli mentary to the way in which the Victorian mil ways are managed. A dangerous companion to the Easter holiday-makers was observed by Councillor Veitcb, near Bream Creek, 011 Good Fri day. Mr Veitch formed one of a pic-uic party that were driving along the road towards the creek, when their attention was arrested by a snake of the diamond species moving slowly across the cart-track. The worthy councillor applied the whip vigorously, and quickly despatched the reptile, which measured four feet. What at first seemed fangs protruding from the jaws proved to be the feet of a frog, which by pressing the head was liberated from the mouth of the snake. Its capturer had evidently been fishing at a water-hole alongside of the road, as it was coming from that direction when it received its quietus. Several years ago an attempt was made to stock Lake Colac with fish from the Murray. The lake is, in many respects, the prettiest sheet of water in the Western District, if not indeed in the colony. The water is perfectly fresh, and the lake is drawback exists to ils becoming a popular resort for tourists from all parts of the colony, and that is the almost entire absence of fish of any kind. Several enterprising gentlemen, at the time referred to, spent £125 in introducing to its wuters some of the finest species of fish from the river Murray. To show bow they had thriven five years afterwards, a fine cod weighing 18lbs was caught making its escape with tae overflow during winter, and subse quently a perch, weighing nearly three pounds, was taken with a net by Mr Adam JRae, one of the original promoters of the scheme for slocking the lake. Owing to the extent of water, however, the supply introduced will make but a poor impression for many years, and the angler would find no adequate remuneration for his time and trouble by visiting it. Mr Robertson, sen., however, who is now on a visit to Tas mania, is about to bring a considerable supply of useful fish for the purpose of aiding tp augment the stock at present in the lake. It will be learned with regret that Mr John Mansfield, through pressure of busi ness, is about to retire from the choir of St. Mary's Church Mr Mansfield, in conjunction with Mr Cosgrove, the pre sent City Treasurer of 'Melbourne, was the first to establish a Unman Catholic choir at St. Francis', Melbourne, when that church was simply a wooden edifice. Since then Mr Mansfield bas been one of the originators of the choir of St. Mary's, where his well-known voice has aided— without fee or reward—the services for many years. It is to be hoped that some of the young men of the congregation will emulate his example, and make an effort to fill his place at the choir. Notwithstanding that the town has been unugually crowded with visitors, and the hotelkecpers admit that they have been weir patronised during t he Easter holidays, it is satisfactory to find that drunkenness is not by any means on the increase. On the contrary, during the last few days, but one or two inebriates have been locked up in the watcbhouse. Yesterday there was a clean charge-sheet, and last evening the watch-house was empty. A few prisoners, who were remanded on Monday will, how ever, be brought before the bench at the Central Police - court to day. Last evening, the train for Melbourne was delayed at the station for fully twenty minutes beyond the usual time, through the occidentrl breaking of the draw-bar of the engine. The engine was detached, and after some little attention from the en gineers, placed in sufficient repair to admit of the departure of the train. Rumour has it that in accordance with the old saying that "None but the brave deserves the {air," the gallant commander of the Cerberus, whose clever management of the unwieldy monster which he has suc ceeded/ in navigating on her perilous voyage to onr harbour is now in every body's mouth, is shortly to receive the due reward of his gallantry and skill in the shape of the hand of qne of the daughters of a leading and wealthy menjber of the Victorian Government. When the happy event is to take place report sayeth no*, but in all probability it is not far distant. Our Melbourne correspondent writes: .'.'If a report received in town to-day re specting the yield of gold upon a reef recently opened up at Diamond Greek is to be relied upon, that neigiibourijoqJ pro mises to turn out one of tlic richest gold fields yet discovered- in Victoria. 'l'lie statement to. which I allude was sent to the Manager of the North Pioneer Company and was to the effect that the Pioneer Company, (holding, an adjoining claim at the locality in question), was obtaining near the boundary of the two claims, stone calculated to yield from- 200 to 300 ounces to the ton* And this within about seven teen miles of Melbourne 1 A lad aaqted J5?pjamtri JJobson, residing at the Barrabool Hills, had his right foot severely crushed yesterday, by the wheel of a loaded cart passing over it. He was subsequently attended to at the Geelong Hospital. The contract for the repair and reno vating,of the post and telegrnph offices, at Colac,.have just been completed. By the expenditure of £150 the buildings, have received a complete overhauling ; The whole of the woodwork has been repai'utcd, and the interior has been rendered as'com fortable as when the apartments were originally constructed. IVc are informed that definite arrange ments have not yet been made with respect to the theological class in connection with the Presbyterian Church. When these are complete, particulars will be announced, including time and place of meeting. Game of various kinds is very abundant in the neighbourhood of Colac and Birre gurra, and other parts of the Western district at present. Some of the water holes and lagoons between the places referred to are literally swarming with teal and ducks. Notwithstanding the destruc tion dealt among the rabbits in the vicinity of the Warrion Hills, both owing to the means adopted for their extirpation, and the heavy floods of last season, they are stated by the residents to be as plenti ful now as they were twelve months ago. The inhabitants of Tnverleigh had a grand tura-out on Easter Monday, when the lodge of Oddfellows in that district held a pic-nic and public ball, to which all the residents were invited. The site of the pic-nic was fixed in n very pretty portion of Mr W. Boyce's paddock, and at one time there were very nearly 500 adults present, besides an almost equal number of chddren. The edibles were supplied by the Oddfellows, and were doue ample jus tice to, and all secined to enjoy themselves amazingly. There were no accidents, in consequence of the committee having pro hibited all vehicles and horses from enter tng the paddock, but these were accommo dated with room outside. Of course, the last portion of the day was spent in various sports, when Aunt Sally, doodle-em-buck, &c;, came in for a fair share of patronage. A young man named Patrick Fleming proved himself the strongest, having thrown the heavy and light stones, aud heavy ham mer the longest distances, 'l'he vaulting was very close and had to he settled by the prize being divided between M'lvor and Woods ; they both got to a certain height, but neither could go any higher. The prize hop,step, and jump, had also to be divided between M'lvor and Aisop, neither being able to beat the other. The most amusing portion of the programme was the Odd fellows' race, in which there were all sizes of competitors entered, making it a true " odd-fellows'" race. When uear the post, M'Leod and Cameron were leading the others, but having jostled, the "ruck" came up, and the whole of the competitors came in together, the judge declaring him self entirely baffled. During this race the rain began to fall, but notwithstanding this the festivities were kept up until dark ] After dark, an adjournment tonic place to the Mechanics' Institute, where about one hundred couple beat time to the merry notes of the pipes, the violin, and other instruments, and dancing was kept up until 5 o'clock on Tuesday morning, when the company broke up in high spirits. The whole arrangements rellected credit on the committee ; this was fully attested by the absence of all complaint. We are informed that the Lodge of Odd-fellows at lu verleigh now forms one of the largest subordinate lodges in the district, fourteen new members having been initiated during the last three weeks, aud nine proposals for next meeting. Notwithstanding the late flood?, some of our settlers in the baclc country—a (lay's ride from Deniliquin—arc compelled to water the sheep from the wells. Here (remarks the Pastoral Times) is one of the anomalies of these districts, feed being abundant, breast high, for sheep with no natural water supply. In noticing the formation of a new meat preserving company at Eckuca, the Pas toral Times says:—" It is not essentially a squatters' question — all have an in terest in getting rid of our superabund ance of beef and inutton; it is, in fact, a national question with Australia, and as such commends itself to all classes. Mr John Palmer has embodied the principal of his charges against the Balla rat East Borough Council in a legal decla .uo rutwarueu rue same, together with a petition for an enquiry, to the Chief Secretary. During the passage, of the brig Hindu to New Zealand a monster albatross was killed and preserved. It measures from tip to tip of wings 10ft. Tin., the entire length of the body is 4ft. 6in., and it weighed 261b. As the Hindu was subse quently wrecked, a companion story to that of Coleridge's Ancient Mariner, " who killed the bird which made the ship to go," might be improvised. Information has been received that Thos. Morffew, a contractor, whilst on his way from Ballarat to pay the men working on the Ararat road, was stopped on the road three miles west of Beaufort by two armed men, one of whom threatened to shoot Morffew, who was trying to loosen his stirrup iron in order to make a resistance. I Morffew was then stabbed three times in the thigh by the other man, dragged off his horse, and £453,- nearly all in notes, was taken from his leather valise. He was then made to walk to a telegraph pole, where the robbers produced a chain and padlock, and secured him. to the pole by his neck. He bled a good deal. Moriiew was found on Sunday morning by Mrs Dclaney when going to Ararat, who gave the alarm at Kelly's Hotel. Kelly filed the chain through, and brought Morffew to Beaufort to Richardson's Hotel, where he remains under the care of Dr. Johnston. His wounds are not dangerous. It is supposed he was followed from Beaufort by men: knowing he had money. Two men have been arrested, but one was released, as he proved an alibi. The Colonial Secretary of Hew South IVales has submitted to the Cabinet one of his early clans of reform—nKni;n« the Legislative Council of New South iVales, which would effect a saving of: at least GOOO a year. There is some remote possibility (ac-. cording to tlie Age) of Mr Higinbotham being yet returned to the Victorian Parlia ment. The Brunswick people, if they succeed in unseating the present member, as (hey intend uoing if possible, contem plate, it is said, to invite Mr Higinbotham to contest the East Bourke boroughs. The new clipper ship Bengal has arrived in Hobson's Bay. This vessel is one of Mr Verdon's immigrants ships, and brings an addition to our population of 461 persons. These consist of 109 single men, 158 single women, 48 boys, 53 girls, and 11 infants under one year of age. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser, re ferring to the difference of opinion existing among retumiqgrofficers and their disputes at parliamentary elections with respect, to the right of foreigners, when ratepayers, to exercise the franchise, says that:—Accord ing to some of them every male person on the ratepayer's roll has a right to vote, without being asked any question a's to his nationality, while others maintain no alien can vote unless naturalised. Nobody seems to know what is the precise meaning of the phrase " denizen citizen" constantly used in the Electoral Act, and as the whole question, so far as the Chinese at least nrc concerned, would probably turn on the interpretation of these words, the legal advisers of the Government' should speak out, and with no uncertain sound! It must be conceded that Mr Climie, the agent for Mr Fairlie, has been very per sistent and energetic in directing attention to the advantages ol the new sy.-tem of constructing railways. Commenting on our present excessively co3tly system, M r Climie writes {-^Tenders fqr the second section of the North eastern ijne were opened, and the lowest something over £5200 per mile, but that sum is only for forming, and does not include either per manent way, stations, rolling stock, or en gineering, therefore the real cost of the line i complete for traffic must be considerably over £10,000 per mile. I have been over ft great part of tbe line, and J believe it :ould be carried out on the Fairlie system • 'or about £4000- per mile, and certainly mder £5000, which sum would net only include forming, but the permanent way, stations, rolling stock, and all engineering, tnd at the line is about 200 miles in length, pou will see that over a million of money might be saved on that line alone, a sum quite sufficient to make a good substantial railway from Geelong to Colac, and one. from Bullarat to Hamilton, also one from Portland to Hamilton. It really appears like madness to go on spending so much money on one line when there are so many districts in the colony requiring railway accommodation. At the Wesleyan Church, Yarra street, on Sunday last, serinous appropriate to the season of Easter were preached to large and attentive congregations. The morning service was conducted by the Itev. P. E. C. Ussher, one of the newly • appointed Wesleyan clergymen of Gee long ; and that in the evening by the Kcv. Jobu Cope. England to Australia; or, notes of travel by the new mail route, via Hew York, Niagara Chicago, San Fraucisco, Honolulu, and New Zealand, is to form the subject of a lecture to be delivered at the Common School room, South Geelong, by Mr AV. •3VI. Hitchcock, this evening. The proceeds being in aid of the school funds a small charge is made for admission. The annual picnic of the Christian Doctrine Society will take place at the Botanical Gardens to-day. The teachers and children are to assemble at St. Mary's School in the morning preparatory to leaving for the gardens. The following is the state of the Gee- long Hospital for the week ending April 10:—Number of in-patieuts last week, 171; admitted since, 1G ; discharged, 12j; number remaining, 175; attendances on out-patients, 305. 