A TOUR THROUGH THE MARKETS. [BY PETER 'POSSUM.] A FEW days before Christmas when (driving snow- storms before it like scared flocks of wild geese) the north wind was invading London, as coldly cruel, as pitilessly transpiring, as a Prussian army, I took it into my head to ramble through London markets. I wanted to see what effect the approach of Christmas might have on them. The consequence of this whim was that I had to spend my "merry Christmas" between the blankets, blankly regarding a row of pill-boxes and medicine-bottles on the mantel- piece instead of enjoying masticating plim- pudding and mince-pies at the dinner-table. The fact that, nevertheless, I am still going to take Christmas markets as the topic for my December paper proves to me that I possess a far more angelic temper than I am generally credited with. What a maw this London of ours has! When it was not nearly so large as it is now, it used to con- sume annually 720 miles of oxen in single file, 1200 miles of sheep, 70 miles of calves, 90 miles of pigs, 50 acres of poultry, 2000 miles of hares and rabbits, 1000 miles of hogsheads of beer, and a pyramid of bread 600 feet square and three times as high as St. Paul's. What must the consumption of food be now-a-days? \--and how much larger still it would be if everyone in London could even make sure of but a sufficient modicum of bread. Whilst I write, I look out upon a cloudless, blue sky, a golden sun, prismatic circles half a foot long, and a deep, almost spotless fall of snow--winter's thick ermine mantle. We are having what is called "glorious old-fashioned Christmas weather." By daylight and torchlight tens of thousands of skaters and sliders are enjoying their pastimes on the park and suburban ponds. Above-bridge Thames is fast frozen. Clouds of snipe have found their way to Chelsea and Battersea; seagulls circle screaming over London Bridge; wild geese invade the orna- mental waters in the Crystal Palace grounds, and on the marshes between Woolwich and Erith wild fowl of all kinds swarm like the flocks of quails that covered the Israelitish camp. No doubt it is glorious weather, both within doors and without, to those who have good food and fires and clothes--but what is it to those who have not? Revenons à nos moutons. Let us go back to our markets. If was not to a meat market, however, that I first went upon that bleak day I have spoken of. I paid my first visit to Columbia Market--Miss Coutts's whimsically benevolent venture in exquisite architecture--the decorated Gothic structure, rich in scrolls and granite piers, which, if transplanted to Oxford, would make any college there anxious as to the permanence of its architectural prestige, but which failed so miserably as a general market for the East End. It has since been converted into a mart for the produce of our east coast fisheries, and, so far at any rate, as the rougher kinds of fish are con- cerned, bids fair to rival Billingsgate. The snow was falling and melting on the glass roof of its quadrangle as I went in, and, combined with the fishy atmosphere made me fancy somehow that I had got to the bottom of the sea. Sooth to say, Columbia Market looked drearily un-Christmas-like. The fierce bustle of the morning's market was over, find the stallkeepers sulked behind their sloping, slimy, sloppy slabs. Sackfulls of almost black mussels and huge cheap oysters lolled in corners with little streams of salt water dribbling from the sack seams, avalanches of silvery sprats, bright as new shillings, and suggestive of oleaginous hot suppers, cheap, plentiful, and tasty, in poor men's homes and poor women's dreary garrets, were almost the only things that had a look in the least Christmas- like in Columbia market. The next market I visited was an alfresco one. On a triangle of waste land in Commercial-street stood and crouched half-a-dozen scarecrow old women, keeping watch over little stocks of snow-powdered old boots and shoes, snow powdered rags, snow- powdered old rusty locks, keys, screws, and nails. Out of this waste triangle runs a long narrow street, almost entirely peopled by thieves and their fences land their bella-robas--there is a little town of such streets hard by-- streets through which a policeman would not dream of passing without a mate. Young thieves were lounging round the triangle, but they did not seem to trouble their heads about the mildewed old shoes, &c.; Such articles, I suppose, must be salable, or they would not he exposed for sale; but who on earth are the buyers? What can they do with their purchases? What kind of Christmas dinner do they eat, poor wretches? Hitherto, although almost every butcher's, grocer's, greengrocer's, poulterer's, and butterman's shop, almost every toyshop and sweet-stuff shop I had passed had been rich in Christmas stock and Christ- mas insignia, my search for Christmas in the market had been a failure. Over-the- way, however, I found him--in Spitalfields Market. There, brightening up the strata of empty potato sacks, the piles of empty potato baskets, the sheds and waggons half-full of full potato sacks in which the potatoes bulged like the "organs" of a bald head, there was a litter of "Christmas"--pale-green, deep green, glossy, varie- gated, prickly, coral berried, and opal-berried. A dealer and a costermonger were haggling over a bough of mistletoe. Their voices were just the opposite of the Monument's in the old song, being neither small nor choice, and rather strong than weak. When I thought of the bright room in which the splendid bough would, no doubt, eventually hang; of the silvery laughter and rosy blushes that would precede the picking of its multi- tudinous berries, it was queer to look at the blue- aproned salesman and the greasy-corded "coster," and to listen to the language they exchanged; now commercially unimpassioned, and anon sanguinary enough to dye every mistletoe- berry as red as holly- berries. I did not expect to find signs of Christmas in that favourite haunt of the "people," Petticoat-lane, hard by; but that is a piquant part of London, which, when I am in its neighbourhood, and can spare the time, I make a rule of visiting. Just as "the Row'' embraces, in common talk, lanes which run out of Paternoster Row, so "the Lane" includes a good many purlieus of Petticoat- lane even more cramped than itself. I speak, however, now of Petticoat-lane proper, the long narrow thoroughfare--thoroughfare under difficulties--which begins at the towering India Warehouses in Sandy's Row, Bishopgate, and runs into Aldgate High-street by a narrow opening labelled on one side Petticoat- lane and on the other Middlesex- street. Bluish-black and flaming-scarlet hair, dirty lemon- coloured faces, with dark eyes and hooked noses, hooked-nosed infants drawing nutriment from ex- pansive lemon-coloured breasts, fried and frying fish, frizzling onions, oily confectionery, block ornaments a penny or two per lb. cheaper than they can be else- where purchased, and little tubs of what looks like pigwash, but which turns out on inquiry to be pickled cucumbers soused in a mysterious piccalilli: these are the features which first strike a stranger in Pcrticoat- lane. But its staple trade soon asserts itself. Furlongs of second- hand men's and boys' boots and shoes of every cut are ranged upon the pavement in serried ranks; in trays and in dangling clusters second-hand women's and infants' boots and shoes, in leather, cloth, jean, of almost every colour, are offered for sale inside and outside the shops which their Eastern-flooded tenants have orientalised by taking out the window-- most of the Petticoat-lane stalls are very much like cet panores boutiques which Renan describes,--servant a la foil d'etabli, de cuisine, de chambre a coucher. Drooping in dense grooves within these darksome little shops, and tapestrying the whole of the house-front, men's clothes, boys' clothes, women's clothes, infants' clothes, dingy, "re- freshed," and here and there spangled with a livery, a uniform, or a card- patterned dressing- gown; and pillars of hats and clusters of caps, pro- claim that, though Rag Fair has been removed from Petticoat-lane to Fink's-buildings, Middlesex-street preserves its connection with the famous fair by being the chief retailer of its wares. Besides furbished-up old apparel of every kind, greased up old tools of every kind are sold in Petticoat- lane. An honest workman who has pawned his tools when hard-up, and been obliged to leave them "up the spout," can suit himself cheaply in Petticoat-lane, and so can a hard-up cracksman. Old clothes, old tools, and the peculiar dietetic dain- ties of Petticoat-lane, however, had nothing "Christ- mas" in them, and so I crossed the street to the opposite Butchers'-row. In 1665 the Great Plague raged fearfully on the other side of the street, and no wonder, considering the crowded narrowness of its thoroughfares pre- served, except in the new Commercial-street, to the present day. But still more fearfully did the plague rage in Butcher's-row, which, except that some of the houses have been new-fronted, must then have looked very much as it looks now--cramped upper rooms, and long low shops, with stifling slaughter- houses behind, filling the gutters with sluggish blood and multifarious garbage. In the Plague time the customer took his joint off the hook, and dropped his money into the butcher's curious cash-boxe--a pot half full of vinegar. Now-a-days the "Whitechapel butchers," as the tenants of the Aldgate Butchers'- row are erroneously called, do not look as if they suffered from or dreaded a pestilence; but some of their meat had a yellow-jaundiced look which would not have recommended it to me in Plague time. Here also I found no sign of Christmas \--no holly-sprigs--no extemporised pierced gaspipes in readiness for nocturnal illumination. Joints of "Tryfer" meat knocked with a Christian poll-axe, and leaden-sealed "Coshai," meat killed with a Jewish cut-throat knife, amicably rubbed shoulders together. On past the churchyard, in which in the Plague Year was dug that horrible pit of which, little thinking how soon it would he filled up, the Aldgate parishioners at first complained as "a frightful thing," angrily telling their churchwardens that "they were making preparations for burying the whole parish," and so into St. James's-place \--that is its proper name, but it is always called Duke's-place by those who most frequent it-- there is a Synagogue in the little Square, and in it and Mitre-street, into which the fruit market has overflowed, Jewish names are over every door, and all the fruit stores are unglazed, comfortless, dirty caverns. Both in the square and the street the foot- paths and the roadway are slippery with rotten oranges and the slime into which the pale leaves in which oranges are packed have been trodden; but snug, almost luxuriously furnished first-floor drawing-rooms look out upon the filthy litter. I found signs of Christmas in this Jewish colony; oranges in pyramids, in silver paper, and in paunchy boxes; lemons green and pale-golden in paper and in nets; all kinds of nuts in matting baskets; grapes green and purple, resurging from their burial in saw- dust within oyster-barrel-like sepulchres. Thence on to Leadehhall Market, whose narrow alleys teemed with Christmas fare; pink and white, plump London killed beef and mutton; flabbier, less freshly coloured country killed meat, naked am. swathed in sacking; huge cod; magnificent turbot-- their silvery under side bossed with gigantic blazing lobsters; rosetted prize turkeys as big as middle sized albatrosses; capons, chickens, dotterel; glossy-. polled ducks, both wild and tame; fowls, geese, swans, guinea fowl, pea-fowl, both dead and alive; grouse, hares, larks, moor-fowl, partridges, pheasants, pigeons, rabbits, snipes, teal, wheat-ears, widgeon woodcocks; and winter fruit and winter vegetables bowered in Christmas evergreens. Instead of going down into damp Billingsgate, I drew on my memory for an imagination of the stores of barbel, britt, turbot, carp, cockles, cod, crabs, dab, John Dory, eels from Aylesbury, eels from Holland, gudgeon, garnets, haddocks, hake, halibut, herrings, ling, lobsters, mackerel, mussel, oysters, perch, pike, plaice, ruffs, salmon, shrimps, skate, smelts, soles, sprats, sturgeon, tench, and whiting, there to be found, and bent my steps towards Newgate Market. Warwick-lane, which leads out of Paternoster-row to Newgate Market, has some choice bits of old London left in it, mouldy but piquant as old cheese. It has an effigy of the famous Guy, Earl of Warwick, and in its dingy Bell Inn Archbishop Leighton died. Its most Christmasy association, however, is the fact that conveniently hard by the market whose plethora of meat affected our ancestors with the ills that over- eating flesh is heir to, the College of Physicians used to stand. It had its first local habitation in Knight- rider-street; thence it moved to Amen- corner; thence to Warwick-lane; and thence to Pall Mall East, its present abode. Meat still dangles in the gas-lit caverns of Newgate Market, but long rows of its hooks are empty. Blood-stained slaughterers and carcase butchers, greasy porters still prowl about its purlieus, but its glory as a meat market has de- parted. The bulk of the to-be-roast beef of Old England has moved on to the new market in Smithfield, and thither I moved on also. Meat galore I found in that vast place, whose red brick with white stone facings (both red and white), where within reach of meat- carriers' loads and backs and shoulders, are now as greasily black as a lamp- cleaners flannel, seems to have been intended to symbolise marbled beef; but long-drawn vistas of fat and lean, however prime, and though they spread over more than three acres, with three acres of vaults below to which converging railways bring from all parts of Great Britain, a por- tion--only a portion, mark--of London's meat sup- ply, are not--lacking Christmas decorations--even at Christmas altogether an interesting spectacle. Most certainly they are not an appetising sight. A single appetite had its edge almost hopelessly blanked as its owner gazed in bewilderment on that practically infinite series of raw beef and mutton. From Smithfield I made my way to the noble Hol- born viaduct and thence down the steps into Far- ringdon-street, and so to that dreary market that lies between Farringdon-street and Shoe-lane. Except where the watercress sellers cluster there in the early morning to buy their stock--and that in winter is the dreariest bustle the dim gaslight shines on in London--Farringdon Market always looks to me too big for its business--a market haunted by the ghosts of former stall-keepers there, rather than frequented by extant salesmen. But when I last visited it its central area was green and red with laurel, mistletoe, and holly, and grievous were the complaints uttered by those who were buying to sell again over the exorbitant prices demanded by the wholesale dealers in the holly. I do not know how it is, but holly and salt have been, dearer this winter in London than the oldest inhabitant remembers them to have ever been before. In a greengrocer's shop I heard a ruddy- cheeked, grey haired old woman, whose face was not unlike a frosted holly berry, asking for three penn'orth of holly. "Can't make three penn'orth this year, missis," was the greengrocer's answer. "You must buy sixpenn'orth, or go without." "Ah, dear me," sighed the old body, "That'll be a pull, but I must have my berries--'twon't be like Christ- mas without 'em--so make me a good sixpenn'orth, master." In a butcher's shop I heard a bent old man inquir- ing the price of suet. "Sixteen pence a pound," answered the butcher. "Sixteen pence a pound," howled the old man. "Don't you wish you may get it? I'll make my Christmas dinner off a red-herring first!" On again, through Temple Bar, past the dreary waste on which the Palace of Justice is some time to be built, through Clement's Inn, whose kneeling negro looks quite venerable in his wig of snow, and into Clare Market, where mad Nat Lee, overtaken by wine, fell down and was smothered in the snow; where orator Henley spouted; where Joe Miller joked at the Black Jack, and where from the first-floor window of the same public-house Jack Sheppard leaped to give the slip to Jonathan Wild's blood- hounds. The snow was falling in Clare Market, as it fell when Lee was suffocated there; the stale meat, the fusty furniture on which it fell had an inexpressibly dreary look, and I hurried on to Covent Garden. If the Duke of Bedford would only utilise the whole square, Covent Garden might be the most magnifi- cent fruit and vegetable market in the world. It get the lion's share of the 1000 tons per diem of fruit and vegetables which suburban market-gardens \--the most highly farmed land on earth--send up for London's consumption; and, therefore, its landlord might surely spend a little money on it--money for which its tenants are anxious to pay him handsome interest in the way of increased rent. As things are, however, its abundant and multifarious supplies are Covent Garden's only glory. Artichokes, beets, borecole, baskets of Brussels sprouts that looked like schoolboys' green "bonsers," white and purple brocoli, green and puce cabbages, cardoons, carrots like golden maces, China- like huge heads of celery, endive, died fragrant herbs, leeks with which Fluellin might have knocked Pistol down, lettuces, golden-coated onions, baskets of kid- glove-like mushrooms, parsnips, potatoes, salads, crinkley-leaved savoys, scorzoners, skirrets, eschalots, spinach, truffles that would be worth a shilling apiece in Paris, turnips, asparagus, almonds, golden pippins, nonpareils, winter pearmains, golden russets, pears as a big as a baby's head, grapes, medlars, oranges ranging up from globes not much bigger than a musket- bullet to spheres half as big as the shaddocks along- side, pines, boxed foreign fruit, potted plants in gorgeous blossom, bouquets almost as big as frying-pans, Christmas greenery, not-even-Solomon- in-all-his-glory-was-arrayed-like-one-of-these foot- men, passing along, scowling with towering Christ- mas trees in their embrace, towards the carriages which the obsequious ragged hangers-on of the market had summoned to the arcade entrance, and to which the liveried market-beadle was cutting a pas- sage through the crowd for their Grecian-bent or haw- hawing owners: that was what I saw at Covent Garden. On the whole, however, I arrived at the conclusion that I had made a mistake in going out to the London markets for to see old Father Christmas; it is in the interminable succession of London shops that he holds his most sparkling and most cheerful court. 