TOPICS OF THIS DAY. Mr. W. Hamilton is the only pas- <*> senger booked by the mail steamer for King George's Sound. A bazaar will be held to-day at St. ifrancuTs Xavier'a Hal], in connection with St. Lawrence's Church, North Adelaide. We Understand that the Rev. John Davidson has consented to deliver a lecture in „, «next in connection, with the Young Men's Societies' Union. According to a Ballarat paper's lady in that city carries on somewhat extensively the rearing of silkworms. She has now, it is said, 12,000 cocoons ready for winding. The annual general meeting of the Piovincial Gas Company advertised for Tuesday morning was not held, in consequence of there not being a sufficient number of shareholders present. A notice in the Government Gazette intimates that volunteers having arms and accoutrements in their possession, excepting those who have & right to retain them, most return them to-day. An advertisement elsewhere notifies the arrangements which have bepa made for the reception of the Roman Catholic Bishop on his arrival by the Aldinga, which sailed from Melbourne yesterday. On Monday evening, January 30, as a lad named Mark Shinners was riding a. horse at Truro he slipped off and broke his left arm at the elbow. Dr. Merton attended him, and in consequence of his advice tho patient was brooght to the Adelaide Hospital, where he was admitted on Tuesday morning. On Monday evening, January 30, Captain Louttit gave his entertaining lecture on Tennyson's poem, "'Enoch Arden," illus trating it with some very excellent dissolving views. The proceeds were in aid of the funds of the Fort Adelaide Free School. There was ft very good audience, and the efforts of the lecturer were well appreciated, as was also Captain Angel's song ef " Man the life Boat." The funds of the institution will no doubt be much benefited by this timely assistance. The Rev. J. Hender.'on moved a vote of thanks to the entertainers, which was accorded by acclamation. A ghost affair is causing a Bensation at Maryborough, in Victoria, A tall figure in white is reported to glide about in the orthodox way. A blackfellow, who had evidently been much agitated about something, appeared, the Advertiser s%jb, before the Maryborough Police dourt recently and complained of the conduct of the ghost, but the Magistrate said he could do nothing for him, and advised him to catch it. In his narration of the ghost's vagaries, the poor blackfellow was so overcome with fear as "Jto turn quite pale," and on finding the Court could afford him no protection, he seemed dis appointed and lost in despair. The anniversary of the natal day of Scotland's great poet, Robert Burns, was, the Melbourne Argus records, celebrated on the night of the 25th January at the Edinburgh Castle Hotel, Ballarat, where nearly a hundred gentlemen, sat down to a table groaning under the weight of oatmeal cakes, bannocks, singit sheeps' heads, the "great chieftains of the puddin' race," and bottles of usquebagh, with which were interspersed bottles of colonial wine, for the benefit of those who found the whisky too weak. A most enjoyable evening was spent, to which the skirling of the bagpipes in an adjoining room contributed in no small degree. " A sample of a new antiseptic for use in preserving meat," the Sydney Morning Herald says, "oomes from the establishment of Mr. Edwards, of Sydney. It is a patent pre servi?g salt, and is said to be effectual in pre venting for weeks the decomposition of animal food, and of course saving it from taint. The joints, steaks, or chops, whilst quite fresh, sprinkled with the salt will, we are informed, keep perfectly sweet and wholesome, in tropical climates, for any ' reasonable' time —that is probably until the preservative properties of the salt have gradually been exhausted by ex posure. This, however, would give a period sufficient to make the article one of great use in Urge or small households." On Monday we published in a con siderably condensed form, a report from the Hcibart Town Mercury, of the meetings of the Wesleyan Conference in Tasmania, on the 20th, 21st, and 23rd January. On the following day our contemporary, the Register, alto published an account of the same meetings, purporting to be taken from the Mercury ; but by a most startling coincidence, every alteration, abbre viation, and omission in our report was with one trifling exception exaotly reproduced iv that of our contemporary. It does occasionally happen that two great minds simultaneously hit upon the same idea; but for two contemporaneous writers in presenting the public with an ab- Btract of three days' proceedings of a large ad ministrative and deliberative assembly, to agree precisely, from beginning to end, as to what to correct, compress, or altogether avoid, is something more th&u; ordinarily marvellous. The first annual meeting of the sub scribers to the Brighton Institute was held in the Town Hall on Monday evening, January 3-Jth, the Vice-President (Win. Mair, Esq.) in the chair. The Committee's report, giving -a full statement of the working and progress of the Institute, which was considered encouraging, and also the balance-sheet, showing the financial position of the Institution to be favorable, were real and received. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the retiring officers for their valu able services during the past year. The election of officers for the current year resulted in the following gentlemen being elected:—President, Hon. John Hodgkiss, re-elected: and Vica- Preeident, Win. Mair, Esq.,re-elected. Messrs. Downing and Haywood, who retired by rota tion, were re-elected membera of the Committee, and Mr. Kiddle was chosen in place of Mr. Highett, who has removed from the district. Mr. Jemsou was re-elected Secretary and Librarian. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting. Since the commencement of the week cereals have been coming freely into Port Adelaide. At least a thousand tons were brought down by railway during the 24 hours ending Tuesday evening. The following vessels are loading for London with cereals : —Warrior, Jessica, Viola, and Talisman, and the Rutland has just come into harbor, chartered by Mr. Darwent, to load for Great Britain. She will probably take 1,500 tons. The Ruby is also on the berth, and there are two or three likely vessels in harbor not yet settled with. For New Caledonia, the Contest is loading; for Batavia, the Galilee; for Guam, Catharina; for Brisbane, the Essie Black (just come into harbor) will meet with dispatch, under charter to Messrs. John Hart & Co. For neighboring colonies vessels are departing daily, and amongst those which will meet with dis patch are—For Sydney, A. H. Badger, St. Magnus, Waverley, Windhover, Coorong (barque), full Bhip, and William; for Western Australia, Ellen Lewis. At a meeting of the Adelaide Branch of the South Australian Benefit Society, held at St. Xavier's Hall, on Monday, the 30th January, in the presence of a large number of the members, the Chairman, Mr. Patrick McCormack, presented Mr. J. Kemp Penney with a handsome silver hunting-watch, on the back of which the following inscription is engraved:—'• Presented to J. Kemp Penney by the Members of the Adelaide Branch of the S. A. Benefit Society for his efficient services as Secretary during a pejiod of niae years. 1870." The Chairman in handing over this testimonial gave the following address:— "To Mr. J. Kemp Penney.—Dear Sir—l am deputed by the members of this branch of the South Australian Benefit Society to beg your acceptance, on retiring from the office of Sec retary, which you have held to the satisfaction of the members for so long a, period, this small token of their esteem and regard for your ac tive and zealous endeavor to promote its in terests from the formation of the Society to its present successful position. We trust that you may be spared many years of usefulness, and may success attend all your future exertions; and we feel assured that your long practical experience in the working of Friendly {societies, yourj counsel and advice, will be a benefit to this and kindred societies with which you are associated. Yours faithfully, P. MoCOBHACK, Chairman." Mr. Penney re plied as followB: — "Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen -I beg to thank you and tha members of the Adelaide Branch of the South Australian Benefit Society for your valuable testimonial for my services as Secre tary, having had the practical working of this Branch and the pleasure of opening all the Branches and the establishment of the district. I feel proud that the Society has attained such marked success, and, in retiring from the Secie t&ryship; of this Branch, I have to thank many for their co- operation. Accept my best thanks. Yours, &c;, J. Kemp Pbnney." CHILDREN TEETHING.—At no period of young life is more anxiety and trouble given to mothers and nurses than when children are "cutting" their teeth. The pain can be im mediately relieved by applying to the gums Mrs. Johnson's American SooihiigSyrup, which has stood the test oC nearly half a century. It is innocent, efficacious, and acceptable to the child. None genuine without the name of '•Barclay & Sons, 95, Farringdon-street, Lon don," is on the stamp. Sold by all chemists, at 2s. 9d. a bottle. Agents—Allqtt, Faulding and Co,, and Main $ Geyer, Adelaide, 