MB. ROBERTSON! AND THE LAND ! " ' i QUESTION, i , To the Editor. ; Slr.i—The' Land Acts of 1861 have been ! maintained intact for tetj years, notwithstanding the violent manner in jwhich they have been uniformly and constantly assailed in certaininfln- -eintial quarters ; jand rarely has there heen dnring tbis period; any-defence of the large class of :«pToniBt8 who ;have availed themselves of these ^enactments, to; obtlin aj locql habitation and a '• home, to: settle' upon the waste - lands of the • (jroWn. '| '[. j The new interest created by these Acts has" had no organisation or. knowledge such as that 'possessedby the'previous-occupiers and holders of the soil, whose influence with the governing : pjowers has always been |and is still almost paramount,-and whose claimgfwere, and are, now nothing short of jfixity of tennre. ' There is a strong andi general feeling of dis- • satisfaction at the position which Mr. Robertsqp )>as himselfchosen-to occupy at the present junc- , tpre-of alEairs as;;a. Minister of the Crown- ; Possessing foryears past the confidence of the people tora grester exteht than any other poli- , lician in New Sooth Wal^s as a leader of ad vanced public opinion, foe seems all at once to have J = thrown nj> the sponge slid willingly consents to ? - hecome a " follower" of those with whom he ] -has.no feeling in commpn (politically), instead of continuing to be>tbe leader " of the great \- .liberal .party. , I '-&• I The land question is i»o doubt the basis of his '• vpopularity,'ani'hei'has Inow 1 allied himself with tbe .bitterest enemies, of the land laws, which r*rexs>passed amid the acclamations of the neople, , -tfterconiijitutional; appeal to. the. constituencies. . .One of: the; present ministers, when out of : office,Jnid,-;in|u^ place in- Parliament;" that the < pbject of the Lan^ Bill had b^en om^Dy to / : plunder thf Siate, [but by the altleM^K; had a bill to leni^^Kmans r -tb plunder anoflfer." And Mr. ItolSMR snb- ^OEptlj^ matifolly expressed his distrust in the (tof whiefi jthis individual '"--••^as |at^(be as he Is jiow, ia distinguished " w!).j.jfor|ttefollowjing reasons:— " -ajse Shev endeavourcd to bring about atidi to pursue a J # ?e^jr«rogrtssioii. h: «e|Mr.T)M>rt|n vfas eWensi-'ely en-: iS^rttej^racticesinvourlaw-conHs.and I^WtiN ijont afj*he A^njDjfi i'EttielCplo- " H B Pli^iimpoftahtl^iliOTebtait IPis^Aj.a;::,!;]*.^^: /I'.^r lej-li Land:- 19 * >«^in^lf 3ntr<waced a new Land ' J —'^iinihesauie-way with joniidi^! aubjeetof^he ! ii't' -f - - Atwm^ioidd not: :'-.) 7w Because ,;the Martin <?oyi>rntnenti as a ! whole, had .cast Constitutional -Government to the wind, and di moralized the pnblic servict. .j-The clause in the Act which gives theGovjern- Sient the power tb frameTeguliitions having the ;^ffect.5of law has been productive of much inconvenience, and embarrassment' in very, many clases. and this Ijwill endeavour to show byjgiviug one case only as an illustration. | ; The one case i I will cite is that of the many changes introduced by regulation, in the policy, regarding lapsed or -forfeited conditional jpurchases, as to their being open to re-selection, or, on thfe contrary, must be submitted to auction oniv. ' A few days ! before Mr. Ho'-ertson quitted office in 1863, a'circ/ilar was issued to the land agents on this subject, and they were informed '•that no such re-selections can be entertained, as tbe lands will hebrouaht to sale by auction without even their being open to conditionrl purchase. This remained in force until Mr. Robertson resumed office again in 1862. when the opinion of Mr. AttornejvGeneral Darvall was obtained on tlie subject, who says—The language used in the 18th and 20th clauses is permissive, and not mandatory,. and docs not indicate sale by • auction as being indispensable, or the only-way of alienating the land ; and the lands so referred to are, I think, open to conditional selection as before." Whereupon a second circular was issued in August, 1865. just before Mr. Robertson quitted office again, reversing tbe policy of. the circular of 1863. Immediately on Mr. Uobertson quitting office in 1865, another appeal was made.to revert to the policy of 1863 and to withdraw tbe circular of 1865, and Mr. Attorney-General Martin's opinion was obtained on the subject, in which he says-— 11 * ' * : * In all cases of forfeited conditional purchases, it therefore, as it ?eems to me, rests in the discretion of the Government to determine whether lands forfeited shall remain open to conditional purchase airain, or be sold by auction. * * * Perhaps the policy of the Act would be most faithfully and -atisfactorily carried out by the Government deciding in all cases of forfeiture that the forfeited lands should be sold by auction, so as to withdraw from the Minister what might be regarded as a dangerous discretionary power." On this opinion. Dr. Wilson, the then Land Minister, caused a third circular to be issued to land agents, under date of March, 1866. recalling the circular of 1865, and reverting to the policy of the circular of 1863, as follow s :—" I am to inform you that the attention of tbe present Government has been directed to the question of forfeited conditional purchases, and that they have determined (after taking the opinion of the hon. the Attorney-General) that lands so forfeited shall be offered for sale at auction, and not otherwise, ; and therefore the circular of August, 1865, must be recalled." On the 26tli March, 1866", Mr. Garrett, in his place in the Assembly, took up the subject by a motion in the following words." That it is impolitic and illegal to prevent forfeited conditional purchases from liei -g re-selected as in the case of'ordinary unitnnroved Crown lahds." This wss met by Mr. Martin, the Premier, moving the "previous question.'' and, on a division, Mr. Gvrett's motion was lost. On the 13th November, 1866, Mr. Robert Stewart, one of the members for Ka^t. Sydney, took up the gauntlet thrown down l>v Mr, Garret, and succeeded in carrying the following resolution :—That in the opinion of this House, all forfeited free selections ought to be open to reselection, unlets declared to be required for public purposes, or being improved to tlie extent of one pound per acre at the time of proclamation of forfeiture." This re<olutihn of the Legislative Assembly reversing the policy of the third circular, dated March. 1866, was acied upon at once, and remiined in force until tlie 12t!i August of last year, when Mr. Cowper. the acting Land Minister, causcd the heading to ihe list of lapsed conditional purchases to he altered, so far as omitting nil the words embodying the spirit of the resolution of the Assembly of the "13th November, 1866. and Mr. Robertson, on- the 16th August and the 29th November last, endorses this alteration by appending his signature to the notice. The lapsed conditional purchases are nine out often "dummy" selections. Tfie bona fide selectors have not the means at their command to.throw away 5s per acre by taking up land they never intend to occupy. They want houses for their families, whom they have to maintain by hard labour on the land, which nourishes; shelters, and gladdens them all. On the otherlhand, the "dummy" se'.eictor never intends to occupy, and if the policy of sending lapsed conditional purchases to auction only is again to be acted upon it will effectually shut up all the lands so selected, and will lie in direct opposition to the spirit of the acts and the resolution of the Assembly. As a body, the conditional purchasers have faithfully complied with the laws, and they liave not the advantage of their wealthy neighbours, the squatters, in being able to reside occasionally at the seat of Government, and influence both Ministers and members of Parliament. The Pastoral tenants, under the new assessments, will pay nearly £100.000 less rent per annum for the next five rears than they have paid for the past five years. The conditional purchasers, on the other hand, will continue to pay the same rates that they paid since the passing of the Land Act without any diminution.: In other words, the free selector of forty, acres will continue to pay for his grazing right of 140 acres 2d per acre, jand the loss of the revenue from the squatters of £100,000 per annum is to he made up, we are told, through the; Custom House, and tbe great body of consumers of dutiable articles will have to pay the piper. Mr. Robertson, when reminding his consti- tuents that he had grown grey in the service of the country, should also remember that his services have been sincerely and substantially! an-' preciated up to the present time; and that {the confidence placed in . him by the people has enabled him, since he first heca'mp a Minister of the Crown, about twelve years aeo, to enjoy and receive tbe emoluments of office for eight years out of the twelve years, with] all its attendant patrjonage and influence. | : The principles jof the land laws do not require amending, so much as they require defending and. properly administering. A short time iwill show whether Mr! Robertson is still true toj the principles he bas jbitherto been the champion of. Public opinion; at times fickle, but generally consistent, never [has tolerated a renegade, who is always looked upon with disfavour by all parties. There are breakers ahead in regard tojour land laws, and a sharp look out will be necessary by all those who are interested in them. Yours, truly, . " Belmore Chambers, WM. HANSON. George-street, Syjdney, Jan. 28. THE account of the following' extraordinary combat is taken;from the Alexandra Times:'— " As Mr. H. Johnson, of Eglinton station, was returning home from the head of the run a few days since, when:near the homestead his at:ention was attracted by tlie peculiar movements of a very large opossum, who kept looking in and out of a large aperture in a fallen dead tree, and acting in a verv excited manner. Mr. Johnson approached the tree, when, to his surprise, he saw a large carpet snake protruding from the log, and evidently at war with the opossum. jVlr. Johnson having procured assistance, opened out the shell of the tree, when the opossum, which had not fled at the presence of. the men, at once rushed the snake. The reptile" retaliated by biting him on the'ear. The opossum then firmly fixed his teeth in] the centre o? tlie snake's b{ody, and thev twisted] and rolled some distance in a life and death struggle: hut the poison operated at last, and at the end of about five minutes the opossum rolled t over dead. 1 The snake, which measured 5ft: 6mi., was immediately killed by one :of r the-men present.""^ | I : ABOTHER WIT; OF LOOKING AT IT.—Suppose (observes the f^peciiatot^i just as a wild supposition, as the upshot of all this horrible imbroglio, this devil's dance of civilization over itsjown resources, that.Alsace .and .tHe Vosges mpuntains went to i^ermany, that the demand for money, werelimijted to repayment'oT the German loans—£30,000^000—and that'^raitiee, preferring libertv to a Republic, elected Leopold of Bel^imn her J&ng;,-witb !Bel{»ium sis his power. how ytonld ihe world rtand jthpn? Gernjab 'fee)io£ aboat >herfronfier wop^te'isatisfiedi'i France would be ^fntaet^jB$3giam ? r^nld came i.n'iat tbe top instead jgf£lie .;jt>ottoi&y;» : n ^cotlar^ ^ame inta - Great jBriUinj we wo ltd ^'oui^' that ; dau^jrous ^^Wilt^. f ^oj^ht would ^ ^piat^ except ^T^^IE:PEOPLEJBF5ALMSE.WHO;*NIGHT«^CURE; .'Jit» aridreami'sf; itbnra^bnthMdiy' is i^ epded FABOTHG has not hitherto been an encouraging business upon the Darling Downs. There have been too many, things against the cultivators-of the- soil. In the matter of seed, tbey have- had 1 to take what was offering, and the quality was often poor enough. There is some talk now of introducing Dhiel and some of the other wheats found to answer in South Australia. It is also believed by many that the Bracker wheat is not so liable to rust as some other sorts, and a good many will go in for the Bracker next ;season. The barley crop is a great encouragement, ,and there can he no question that the local as well as tbe Brisbane brewers will soon have as much a« thev can use. The increased demand for local butter also stirs up hope, for farmers of experience in other countries know well that the keeping of stock for dairy purposes should combine well with the cultivation of wheat and barley. Perhaps there is nothing better for wheat than old pasture land, and that is precisely what the Downs farmer and dairyman can give to it. With the land drained and cut up into small paddocks he can graze down the one intended for cultivation, plough it about Christmas, let it have two months of the sun, plough, harrow, and then sow, and the pfospects for a wheat crop for one or two seasons would be very fair. As we cannot think of manuring for wheat for some time yet, there is a great deal to recommend the keeping of cattle or sheep upon a rather extensive scale. When the paddocks are drained they will certainly become richer by grazing them, and so in turn each paddock might yield one or two crops of wheat or barley, and then be thrown into grass again. But we must drain before we can farm properly This tough soil demands it, and where drainage has heen in existence for a few years tbe land becomes freer and more e?.sily worked. It is also less liable to crack and suffer fromdrought.—M ORGAN, in Qneenslander. NAPOLEON I. GOING TO ELBA.—Napoleon ere long, howewer, received convincing evidence, that how ardent soever mi<iht he the attachment of his soldiers, the population of all France was far from sharins the same sentiments. On the road to Lj'ons, indeed he was received always with respect, generally with acclamations ; hut after passing that city, which he traversed on the night of the 23rd, he began to experience the fickleness of mankind, and received bitter proofs of the baseness of human natnre, as well as the treneral indignation which his oppressive government has produced. At noon on the following day he accidentally met Augereau on the road near Valence ; both aiighted from their carriages, and ignorant of the atrocious proclamation, in which that Marshal had so recently announced his conversion to the cause of the Bourbons, the Emperor embraced him, and they walked together on the road in the most amic- able manner. It was observed, however, that Augereau kept his helmet on his head as he walked along. A few minutes after the Emperor entered Valence, and beheld the proclamation placarded • n the walls; he then saw what recollection his lieutenant had retained of the daj-s of castigation. 'I lie troops were drawn out to receive him. and they saluted the Emperor as he passed ; but they all bore the white cockade. At Orange, loud cries of " Vive la Roi" were heard, and at Avignon he found his statues overturned, and the effervescence against his Government assuming the most menacing character. As Napoleon continued his journey to the south, the tumult became so excessive that his life was more than once in imminent danger from the fnry of the populace. At Orgon he was with difficulty extricated, chiefly by the firmness and in- repidity of Colonel Campbell and the other Allied Commissioners, who acted with equal courage and judgment, from a violent death. At the inn of la Calade, near Saint Canat. a furious mob surrounded tbe house for some hours, demanding his head; and it was only by getting out of a back window, and riding the next post disguised as a courier, with the white cockade on his breast that he escaped. Such was the mortification which Napo'eon felt at this cruel reception from the people whom he had so long governed that when the Allied Commissioners came up to the post-house, they found him in a back room, with his elbows on his knees and his hands on his forehead, in profound affliction. lie was persuaded that the Government had excited these tumults in order that he might be murdered in them, and refused to take any nourishment lest it should be poisoned. lie put on the uniform of the Austrian General Roller, the helmet of Count Waldhurg on his- head, hung the order nf Maria Theresa on hia breast, wrapped himself in the cloak of General Schouvaloff, whose aide-decamp took bis place in the one provided for the Emperor. Relays were provided outside "the walls at Aix, to avoid the danger of entering the city; he was clothed in the Austrian uniform, which he wore during the remainder of his journey; and the Under-prefect Dupeloux, a man of courage and honour, escorted him in person on horseback as far as the limits of his department. AN old toper, who had attended the Polytechnic, where the learned professor caused several explosions to txke place from gases produced from water, said: " You don't catch me putting water in my liquor after this. I had no idea before that water was so daneerous, though I never liked to take much of it." CORIOUS BIBD.—A few days since the Southern Argus was shown by .Mr. Tait, mate of the steamer Jupiter, a bird of a strange and apparently unknown species. It was taken from a nest about eight weeks since, • near the River Darling, and was supposed to be a black cockatoo, but as it began to get fully fledged it was seen that it bore no resemblance to that bird. Its head is shaped like that of a cockatoo, but all its feathers are yellow, tipped with grey. It is imagined that it i» some description of mule. WHEN the Spectator asserted the other day that " the Anglo-Saxon is hut the Teuton modified by centuries of freedom," it converted into a compliment (albeit expressed in somewhat inexact terms) what 450 years ago would have been regarded as a bitter insult. At the Council of Constance it was settled that the votes of the Assembly should be counted not by individual members, but by nations. Italy. Germany, England, and France were then acknowledged to be the four nations representing Christianity; but in 1416 Spain was admitted into the Council as a fifth nation, and the French shortly after raised the question as to the separate nationality ot England. They maintained that the enemy who had recently vanquished them at Agincourt was only a member of the German nation, and a fierce controversy ensued between the representatives of the two kingdoms. The speeches on each side a<-e among the curiosities of history, but the question was settled by the Council in favoiir of England. In these days, when identity of origin is deemed a sufficient reason for annexation, we may, perhaps, find ourselves claimed by Germany as a brother, alien too long, and be compelled to re-enter the family circle. Our best ground for resistance would be the fact that other nations might claim equal kinship with us, and that Defoe was ripht when, in* describing our mixed origin, he declared— A true-born En?linhma»'i s contradiction, In «p<>ecti an irony, in fact a fiction; A melapljpr intended to expresi A man skin to all the uiiircree. Perhaps if Count Bernstorff could be induced to view tbe matter from this point he would see that no European nation is likely to be so impartial as the English.—Pattifall Gazette. " TALK about old maids 1" says a lady corres- pondent, " if there is anything that I perfectly ahhor it is an old bachelor. There is one of my acquaintances, for instance (I am sorry to acknowledge the fact), who has spent over fifty years of miserable bachelorhood, itinerating from place to place, until he has become so shrivelled and. dried that his bones rattle when he walks like an empty barrel on a wheelbarrow. His face has become of the hue of saffron, and his hair a strange imitation of red pepper and salt. It is not Mr. Flint's fault, tbe reason he bas never struck a match. He lias been vainly endeavouring to light one at the hymeneal altar for the last forty years. He obtained board recently at an hotel, kept by a friend of.mine, who, knowing his forlorn condition, resolved to act accordingly. The hour for retiring came, and Mr. F. was assigned to No. 74. Repairing thither, what was his surprise and delight to find slumbering there a maid, fairer to his infatuated sight than aught he had ever seen before I Long he gazed, while the. hours flew swiftly away Could he but catch a glimpse of her face—but no,-that was turned away from him. He locked the door; a thought bad struck hitn^-sbe should .not -escape from him now. The parson : did hot live i far off ;" he would carry her there and be married-before the morning revealed his age. I will not disclose further; suffice it to say the landlady foand in-the morning be had ran away with a girl-made out of her nightgown, a roll of matting, a Iwttomstick, and a pair of tongs!" SWEATING SHEEP.—In an early number of the Qneenslander -it was «iet forth by one who has spent a tolerably long life *n wool growing, that the present system' of washing was excessively defective. The assertion was not new. There are very few squatters who do not subscribe to it. They are tlie men who think over what they are engaged >n ; who provide the best appliances for washing their wool, and do all.they can, patiently and persistently, to turn out a clean, : springy fibre, oot-of dry hair, but of wool. To effect their object, sprinkling baths have been adopted, in which the sheep are penned up and rained on for an hour or more. Hot soaks have been employed, in which the dirt on the fleeces is loosened either with or wjtnout the agency of chemicals. And spouts for finishing the washing are universally adopted on Australian stations, and admitted to be the most effective aid to sheep washing ever devised. The first and the last parts of the process of washing- -the sprinkling and spouting—are generall admitted to be as effective as they well could be. but tbe sonk hole does not give satisfaction. It is felt to be wrong to pitch a sheep into a dirty mixture of mud, water, and filth. When be goes in the dirt upon him is confined, to the tips of his fleece, but in the soak hole it is spread over the whole wool, which is stained throughout, beyond renovation by the very hest-sponlsmen. It was to remedy this that hints were thrown out in the Qneenslander, suggesting the advisability of sending the dirt outwards instead of inwards. It WHS proposed to do this by first sprinkling the sheep in the usual manner, and then putting them into a close room and there sweating them until the dirt was loosened, and then sending them to the spouts and finishing in the usual manner. The writer theorised only upon his acquaintance with the nature of wool, for he had never seen the plan carried out ; but an advance has been made. J. H. Black, Esq., of Eaglefield, communicates to the Peak Downs Telegram that he has been washing upon an almost identical plan, and he is satisfied with the result He concluded that the hot soak—though so universally used—is very frequently the cause of staining wool that would otherwise be bright, and that if the dirt conld be softened bv some other means than hot water 3 gn-at improvement could be effected, a^d therefore determined to utilise the exhaust strum f'om the eturino by discharging it into a closely walled an?! ro-ifcd shed, in which were sheen already wetted by the ordinary means of sprinkling, or as he dirl, hy a heavy shower bath, which washed out all the loose dirt, and left the wool clean on the skin. The shed is divided down the centre, and holds as many sheep as two shower bathswill wet. Into this shed the steam, or a portion of it as required, is discharged, and the sheep are gradually bromht into a state of perspiration, which Mr. Black found to thoroughly soften in the dirt. They remained about one hour in this shed, and were then passed immediately tinder the spouts, from whence they emerged beautifully clean and bright- Mr. Black found—first, that they spout just as quickly as under the hot water process; secondly. they all come out bright in colour and with a pink skin, provine that they are not injured bv the process; thirdly, the dirt is washed out hntthe yolk is left in. .Mr. Black first tried the vapour bath and then the hot soak, hut found the old want of whiteness in the wool. He then tried a jet direct from the vajmur bath to the spouts, avoiding the hot soaks, and found the result so marked that he at once adopted measures for steaming the sheep right up to the spouts, and avoiding entirely tbe use of hot iVater, soap, and soda. Mr. Rlnclc eonclndes his highly creditahle communication by stating that he should be sorry to say that tlie hot water system is wromr, for many people (jft good prices for their wool under that system, but lie strongly advises those who have steain power to try this plan, and dispense with hot soaks. He adds that his are shepherded sheep running on black soil, and are therefore not so easily washed as p.iddocked sheep. Many who are interested in the wool trade will look eagerly for further communications.—MORGAN. ? ? RHAKESPKAKK AN HISTORIAN.—Mr. Fronde, in his " Short Studies on Great Subjects,'' savs : —" Tbe most perfect English history which exists is to be found, in my opinion, in the historical plays of S':al;espeare. In these plavs. rich as they are in fancy and imagination, the main bearings of the national story are scrupulously adhered to, and, wherever attainable, verbal correctness. Shakespeare's object was to exhibit as faithfully as he possibly could the exact character of the great actors in the national drama—the circumstances which surrounded them", and the motives, internal and external, by which they were influenced. To know this is to know all. The reader can form his own theories. No such correctness of insight, no such breadth of symnathy, has since been applied to the writing of English history. Even Shakespeare himself, perhaps, conld not have been tbe man that be was at any other epoch. And Shakespeare's attitude towards human life will become again attainable to us only when intelligent people can return to an agreement on first principles—when the common sense of the wisest and best amongst us has superseded the theorisinsr of factions and parties—wiien the few but all- important truths of our meal condition which can be certainly known, have become the exclusive rule of our thoughts and actions, and the speculative formularies into which we have mapped out the mysterious continents of the spiritual world have been consigned to the place already thronged with the ghosts of like delusions which have had their day and perished." MAHAVH.LA COCOA.— For Breakfast.—Tbe Ghhc says:—"Various importers and manufacturers have attempted to attain a reputation for their pre pared Cocoas, lint we doubt whether any thorough succss had Iwen achieved until Messrs. Taylor. Brothers discovered the extraordinary qualities of ' Maravilla ' Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this finest of all species of the Tlieohrom.-i. they have produced an article which sunersedes every other Cocoa in the market Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, ami a rare eoncrntration of the purest elements of nutrition. disUmnn.-h • I • the Maravilla Cocoa abiive all uth.-r.;. Fur haiMiopaths and invalids we could not recommend a m iro I agreeable or valuable beverage." Sold in packets only by all Grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor Brothers' Original Romteopathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate. Steam Mills- Brick Lane, 