CHRISTMAS EVE IN A BELFUY. Br Litchfield Mosely. | (A. popular reading of Mr J. M. Bellew's.) We were a merrv party atMerton Grange, Somersetshire, on Christmas Eve—1 forget the date, but it must be twenty years ago, at the very least., Uncle George, as we always called liim, was a thorough specimen of an English gentleman of the old school—genial, warm-hearted, and hospitable. Indeed, the greatest pleasure of his life seemed to con sist in making other people happy. On that Christmas Eve, the oaketi parloilr at the Grange presented its usual festive ap pearance. A huge wood fire blazed on the hearth—not that it was wanted, for the weather was almost as warm as June, but simply because the season demanded it; the spacious room was festooned with holly and evergreen ; from a massive beam in the centre drooped "a mighty bough of mistletoe ; and the richly carved walnutwood sideboard actually creaked beneath the weight of good cheer rt bore. For Christmas was always kept by Uncle George ia jovial English fashion. I may as well say at once that my name is Willis Trotman ; and, at that time, I was a rising young barrister, vegetating in grimy, chambers in the delightful locality of Veru lam-buildings, Gray's Inn. Uncle George was a widower, with three daughters. Emily, the eMest, was engaged to Jack Bates, of Merton Abbey ; Charlotte, the second, disengaged, officiated as the father's housekeeper; and Polly, the young est, also disengaged—a little, merry-eyed, fair-haired, saucy girl of eighteen, who was an especial favourite of mine, and who delighted in teasing me whenever an op portunity offered. Bless her heart! She married an officer after all, and went to the East Indies, where climate soon spoiled her I pretty face ; as they told me afterwards. But I can always see her as she was then ; and I shall love her to my dying day. " Polly," said I, as we sat down at the end of one of the danees, " how quiet some peo ple are to-night 1 I'll wager a dozen pairs of gloves I can guess what you're thinking about." " Some people are wonderfully clever, no doubt," she replied. " Pray what am I think ing about, Mr Impertinence ?" "You're wondering how many times you'll be kissed under that misteltoe to- night." u You're an impudent boy, Willis. What ever made you think of such a thing?" ** Your own bright eyes, Polly," I whisper ed. " If you talk like that, I'll never forgive, you," she said, smilingly, as she tripped away. " Whew ! how tremendously hot it is," said Uncle George, wiping his forehead with his handkerchief, after going through some extraordinary evolutions in the dancing line. *' Christmas Eve I Why, I declare it's hot enough for July. Willis, may 1 trouble you to throw open the lawn door a little way, and let us have a breath of fresh air?" I did as I was told, aud somehow—acci dentally, no doubt—on sitting down again, I found Polly by my side. " Here you are again, then,'' I whispered. " What a terrible tease you are, Willis. I didn't notice you were near me, or I would have kept on the other side of the room." *• In what way has this unfortunate indivi dual offended you?" I asked. " Never mifi'd, sir ! I am very much offend- i ed." " How do you look w'»en you'rfc offended, Polly?" " Willis, you're an intolerable nuisance to night—you are, indeed! But isn't it warm here ?" " Warm! It's hot enough to bake one. What do you say to a minute or two's turn | round the garden ?" " I should like it above all things," she replied. " Very well. Throw that shawl over your shoulders, aud the next move that takes place we can slip out unobserved." In a short time the opportunity offered, and no one noticed our disappearance. " What a delightful night it is !" said Polly, as we sauntered leisurely down the garden. " Look at that lovely moon—isn't it beauti ful V" " Delightful !" I replied. " It reminds me of some lines I read somewhere, some time ago, written by somebody or other. Let me see, they're something like this— ' When the pale orb of Dian shines over the sea, When nature's reposing, reposing, reposing—' What an idiot f am I I forget what comes next; but I know the line ends with thee, or he, or she, or be, or something.'' " Cousin, you're very poetical to-night; but when you commence a quotation, you ought to be able to finish it. I don't feel at all cold, do you ?" " Not at all, Polly. For my part, I think it vastly preferable to indoors." " So do I," she replied. Believe me, it's a dangerous thiag for a young man to be walking alone with a pretty cousin by moonlight on Christmas Eve. By tlm time we had reached the wicket-gate that opened into the little chuichyard, adjoin ing the grounds of the Grange. " Shall we stroll round the old church be fore we return, Polly ?" " I should like to, very muck. But.per haps we should be missed ; and whatever would people say ?'' " I don* care what anybody says,'' I re plied. " X don't care for anybody or any thing but you, dear Poll 1" The inoon was taking effect. "Willis! don't be so absurd,: or I'll go back at once I" " Don't be angry with me Polly. It's the moon's fault. The moon is to blame for it »I1 r " So I should imagine," she replied, coolly. " Sorry that I have been the means of sub jecting you to its influence." As we passed by, t noticed that the door of the church tower stood ajar. The bell-ring ers had been there that morning, and had, no doubt, forgotten to. close it. So I opened it a little way, and peeped in. " Polly," I said, " there's no one here. Wouldn't it bo capital fun to run up the belfry steps, and see how the village looks from the top of the tower to- night? The moon will give sufficient light through the loopholes for us to find our way up the stairs.'' V How delightfully romantic! What a charming adventure for Christmas Eve !.'* she exclaimed. "Are you sure you'll not be frightened dear ?" " Frightened ! What at ? I don't believe in the supernatural,. Willis," she replied, like the courageous little girl that she was. " But perhaps you'll catch cold ?" " I'm no'; afraid of thatr cither. I'm as warm a~s a toast. Come along,. Willis." And she began to ascend the tower. Half way up, we came to an iron-bound door, I which, luckily for. us, was also open, or it would have arrested our progress. " I pay, Willis I Whatever would people think of U9 if they could see us now ?" she cried, as we stopped for a moment to rest and take breath. Flap! flap! flap! "Tu-whoo! to-whoo! tu-whoo i" And a large owl flew past us, evi dently disturbed by our intrusion. "Oh, Willis, whatever was that?" she' cried, seizing me by the arm. | "Only an owl, dear." "Is that all.3 How the horrid thing frightened me !" " I thought that you were never frightened, i Polly." " Not by the supernatural," she replied. " But owls do not come under that cate gory." A few steps more, and we bad reached the summit, aud were standing just beneath the bells. "Oh, W?llis—Willis! The view from here is enough to make anyone poetical!" she cried, clapping her hands. " I had no idea that it was half so beautiful. Look at the lights in the village—look at the Grange —look at the shadows on the blinds! I wonder if they've missed us yet." Just then there came a sudden gusi of wind, followed by a loud bang. " Whatever was that, Willis ?" I guessed its meaning immediately, and hurried down the stairs, to find that the mid dle • ! or had blown to, aud that we were securely fastened in. Here was a pretty position to be placed in ! Laugh as much as you please, but how would you like to be shut up in the belfry of an old Norman church tower just before midnight on Christmas Eve? " Ob, dear ! Oh, dear I What are we to do now? Whatever will become of us?" said Polly. "Be calm, dearest—compose yourself. Our case is not utterly hopeless, after all I have a box of fuzees in my pocket. I'll light them one by one, and throw out signals of distress." " But there's nobody about to see them," she returned. " Oh, suppose we have to stay here all night! It's not 12 o'clock yet, and the moon will go down soon, and it will be eight hours before daylight." " Polly !" I said, quietly. " Oh, don't waste time talking Ijo me, if you please. Oh, why did you bring me up here ? Oh, whatever will become of us! Even if we're missed, nobody will ever think of look ing up here for us. Oh, Willis—Willis ! do do something! Can't you tear our pocket handkerchiefs into strips, and tie the pieces together, and let yourself down ? I'm sure if I were a man I would." " I fear, Polly, that our handkerchiefs are not sufficiently strong to bear my weight," I answered, smiling. " But, if the worst comes to the worst, I suppose we shall have to pull one of the bells." " Oh, you musn't do that—it would alarm the whole village. And what would people say! Please don't laugh, Willis! I'm get ting so cold ! I begin ro shiver all over. I'm sure, if we have to stay here, I shall die be fore morning." " Never mind, dearest, I'll not desert you ; at least we'll die together," I said, in order to keep up her spirits, but beginning lo feel very uncomfortable myself; for although the air was scarcely perceptible outside, it swept through that horrible belfry with almost force enough to cut off one's ear. '*A-tishyu! a tishyuJ I'm catching an awful cold, Willis ! I can feel it coming on," she said, after a pause. " Here's a nice warm corner," I answer ed. "Crouch down in this recess while I re connoitre. Take the fuzees, light them one by one, and you can warm your hands over them," I added, tying my white handkerchief j over her head as I spoke. j " Don't let me rob yo'i, Willis. I'm sure you want it more than I do. I have my shawl." " Never mind me, Polly. I'm more used to this sort of thing than you are." "Used to being locked up in belfries all . night?" she inquired, laughing for the first time since our imprisonment. "Not exactly," I answered. " But listen ! Don't you hear voices?" "Of course I do," she said, jumping up. "Oh, how fortunate for us! Its the bell l-ingers ! Don't you know its the custom at Merton to ring the bells on Christmas Eve?" " Thank goodness ! then we shall soon he delivered from our captivity," I said. As I spoke, the bells began to suinj slowly backwards and forwards—din,;, dong ! ding ! ding ! clash ! clang ! ding, dong ! I could hear the voices of the bellringers beneath, so I ran down the steps, and shouted loudly for assistance; but the bells destroyed the sound. '• Hallo there ! hallo! help !" I cried, mak ing at the same time a vigorous onslaught on the old oaken door with my knuckles, until at last the bells stopped. " Hallo there! hallo Giles Stubbins ! Hallo there !" Stubbins I knew to be the senior bell ringer's name. " Mussy on us! wa-at be that ?" I heard the old man ask his companion. " Didn't ye hear zoomat?" " Noa, I heerd nought," was the reply ; and again I shouted and rattled at the door. "Didn't ye hear nought then, Daavid P" asked Stubbius. " Aye did I! I heerd a screechin' loike, and a ratlin' overhead. Giles! Giles! tak' my word for 'an,, it be a ghoast! Ar'n't ye tie'r heerd tell as liow this plaice be haunted. Coorn awaay, man, coorn awaay !" " Lord preserve us all!" returned Giles. Ye maake all my teeth chatter in my head'-" " Eh, Giles 3 Giles ! coom awaay man-— coom awaay I I've seen 'un—I've seen 'un !" " Seen whaat ?'* " Why, the ghoast! I seed *un put 'un's head out a' belfry window just now, all whoite loike 1 I never seed nought so horrible afore ! It looked for 'a the world loike a skeleton in a whoite sheet, wi' sparks o" fire flashin' from "un's eyes; aye, they wor' real sparks, too. There be one on 'em now !" This was one of the fuzees; and he had evidently seen poor Poily io her white dress, with my handkerchief over her bead. " Doan't run awaay, Daavid, wi' out me ! Doan't leave me here alone, ye coward-— doan't!" cried Giles ; and away trotted the two old men towards tbe village, leaving their, lanterns behind them, and shouting loudly. " A ghoast! a ghoast! a ghoast!" " We're in a worse mess now than ever, dear Polly," I said, as I returned to her. '■ Those two old idots have taken you for a ghost, and they'll raise the village.'' "Oh, dear! What will become of us? What are we to do ?" " Fa.-e it out bravely," I said, as, seizing a rope, I began to ring one of the bells. , Ding, dong ! ding, dong ! ding, dong 1 " Whatever are you doing, Willis ?" " Sounding the t03cin, Polly—ringing the alarm bell. Go back into that recess, and muffle jrourself up as well as you can. Ding; dong ! ding, dong J '* The garrison is waking, see.'* Ding, dong ! ding, dong 1 And look ing through the loophole, I saw lanterns flit ting ahout in tbe garden of the Grange, and I could hear voices shouting at a distance. " In a tew minutes reinforcements will ar rive,. the citadel will be stormed, and we shall be restored to our anxious friends." " Oh, Willis, what a. disturbance we are making ! And what will papa say? This ad venture will be the talk of the village for years, and I shall be ashamed to show my face in it again." " Uncle George will only laugh at the joke,' I rejoined ; "and as to. being ashamed to show your face in the village, come to Lou don with me, and be my own dear little wile !" And I flung ra3'self on my knees on the cold stone floor of that abominable belfry. " Polly, 1 adore jrou, Polly! I ain your devoted slave. One little word from you will make me the happiest of men." "Sir, I am ashamed of you. This is-not the time for such nonsence." " Polly, do you consider my love nonsense ? Listen to me for a moment. Refuse me and I'll do something desperate 1 I'll throw up the law, and enlist as a common soldier 1 I'll —I'll—'" " Hark !" she cried^ There was a roar of many voices beneath, and, looking down, I saw a crowd of villagers armed with rakes, hoes, shovels, spades, and pitchforks. Presently I heard the voice.of C 'cle George say:— " A ghost, eh ? Don't believe a word of it. What cock-and-bull story isall this—eh? A sovereign to the first man who goes up the belfry.'' " I doan't want your money, zquire; and I bean't vrightened o' ghoasts—zo here goes,'' said Abraham White, one of Uncle George's men. " Tak' care, Abraham, tak' case, th* pitch fork wi' ye. Mayhap the ghoast may do ye zura 'arm," said a woman's voice. Tak" th* pitchfork, and then ye can gie th' ghoast a crack o'er the h^ad wi' 'un." " Come along, my lads, it's all fancy!" cried Uncle George. " It's my belief there's nothing there.'' So in order to convince him I gave the rope another vigorous pull. " Whew! That's strange !,r he cried, "That bell didu't ring itself. Followme, lads." " Aye, ayr, sir," was the reply. Then I heard him mount the 6teps, and rattle the wooden door. " Who's there ?" he shouted. Something prompted me to gave a joke at his expense ; so in reply, I gave a long, loud howl, something between a yell and a shriek —an accomplishment I had learned at school. Away scudded Uncle George, five steps at a time, followed by his supporters. " By Jove ! No mortal made that sound, I'll wager !" I heard him say. And agaioi I tugged at the bell. Dmg, dang 1 ding, ding ! ding, dong!" " Ten pounds to the man who breaks open the door," said Uncle George. " Gi' us hole o' your zhovel, Jacob. Ghoast or no ghoast, I'll zoon have 'un out," said Abraham White. " That's right my lad : I like your pluck," shouted my uncle. " 'Pon my word, this matter is getting interesting !'' And, inimediatelj' afterwards, the door was attacked with heavy blows be the besiegers. Somewhat fearful of the result, I whispered to Polly— " Retire upstairs a few steps, while I capitu late." For the truth was, I was afraid that the first man who entered, if he caught sight of her white dress taight brain her with his shovel. Seeing that she was out of danger I shouted— " liallo there! What are you making all that noise about, eh?" "Why that's Wills's voice!" exclaimed Uncle George. " Of course it is, uncle ; and there's some. body else here as well." The door at this moment gave way, dis covering Polly and myself. " Oh, papa, dear, don't be angry!'' she cried. " Angry ! What have I got to be angry for, eh ? But how on earth did you get up there ? Come, tell me all about it. Why, what's that your wrapped up in? Ha, ba, ha! You're a beauty now, and no mistake!', Poor Polly certainly cut rather a queer figure, as she was enveloped in a dirty old sack that we had discovered in a corner of the belfry, and her hajids, face, and dress were smothered with thick black dust. '• Ha, ha, ha! My dear, it's a shame to laugh at you; but, I really cau't help it. Bless me ! how cold you are! Come, wrap yourself up in my coat, and we'll go indoors at once." In a few moments I had explained the whole affair to Uncle George's satisfaction; and I never heard a man laugh more heartily. " Well, friends," he said, turning to the villagers, " you see there was no ghost after all. So come up to the Grange and have something to warm you, before you go home again.'' "Three cheers for the squire and Miss Mary, and long life and a merry Christmas to 'em !" was the reply. : '! "And now David and ' Giles/' crie&^my uncle, addressing.the hellrmgers, "pttli aw&y;<-: = with a will, and ring out & merry , peal on the grand old bells ; andlet>us. iiopB i;, that no worse ghosts than these will' ever^be^ seen in Merton belfry on Christmas Ev£.I" 3 I repeated thy offer to Pollythevetfynfext day ; and what doyoutbink was ber reply? * " I'll give you your answer, Sir, the) ue*t> time we are locked up together on Chri$tm£» v Eve in a belfry 1" \ " :;i 