AGATHA. By James Ddnlop. Chapteb II. Hagar. HE who has not seen a London fog has reason to be thankful ; he who has, may only trust never to see another. The sloppy, mucjdy sireetR — like the sea — seem to carry the re flection of the sky. no less muddy than them selves. The sky? why where is it? -i am ignorant. I should presume, however, tfiat in a foggy day in November it is about naif a fort or four inches from the ground — that is visibly — for one can feel it creeping through his larynx in dewy mist, twisting down through the bronchial tubes and their capilla ries and curling over the surface of the dia phragm. Pity him should he suffer from chronic bronchitis or any of the many delight ful respiratory or neuralgic pests which are indigenous and psriial to our favored country ! The street lamps are lit although it is little past noon and glower through the mist like the bloodshot eyes of a drunkard. The whole city is frowzy. Your overcoat has little globules of condensed vapor upon it like dew upon the morning fleece, and when you enter your dwelling the staircase is in a cold perspira tion as though a ghost had been running up and down it. Your old cook is asthmatical, and, should you happen to pass in the -vicinity of the kitchen and hear coughing and wheezing as she perform*3 her wonted avocation, if it does spoil your appetite for dinner it would mine. Six o'clock : — Swallow a crust of bread and cheese or & sandwich — wash down with port or Rherry — and if you study vour own com fort brew for yourself something hot and cut np the new BUtckwood till bedtime. Bedtime ! Are you a bachelor ? If so your limp damp sheetR, which almost defy the genial influence of the warming-pan, are your just desert, Still, I pity you. If you are married I pity you still more. Any of those little domestic accidents happening oa such a nightsconvul sions from teething to wit — causing and ne cessitating a journey down stairs in quest of warm flannel and hot water, or still worse a tramp through the mud for a doctor, when the fog seems to permeate your very marrow, are ?worse I apprehend than even the certainty of only slightly damp bedding. It has often been a matter of wonder to me whence comes the increased number of the , houseless and wretched when a genuine fog has taken possession of the city. Perhaps it is the absence of the well-to-do that makes their existence the more conspicuous. But there they are, crawling out of their dank slimy cellars or archways like the con verse of snails after a summer shower. They crawl through the **clarge' (mud — excuse the slang ; it is expressive) as though, with eelR, it were their native element, and sneak and shiver out of eaves, courts, and alleys seeking heaven knows what; I do not — millions do not, nor can divine, how or upon what these hoards of living misery exist. They come out now. perchance to. get the air — to perambulate the promenades of their more fortunate fellow mortals when these are not there to make their poverty seem more mean. For the poorest of mankind has, let us be thankful, though unknown it may be to himself, some sense of pride. Perhaps, like the other sons of Belial,; they prefer the darkness for their deeds of evil, and haunt the inhabited places like erica animals of prey seeking garbage rich or filthy where with to fill their craving maws. Theirs must be a poorly rewarded employment. There is one among the rest, a shivering creature, whose tawdry remnant6 of. what has been a rich dress, might tend to justify the supposition that she is one of that mosttobe pitied sect of all the pitiable crew — they who have seen better days. She is the same who passed Eglatnoui's mansion on ihe day of his burial, and she is at present not many yards from the same spot. The heavy damp air causes her garments to cling more closely to her gaunt figure. Her attention is fixed unremittingly upon the door of Eady Eglauaour's dwelling. Her look is wild and haggard, but far from vicious. She has drunk the very dregs of poverty without becoming debased. There is something in her appearance that tells more of sorrow than shame: — more of anxiety for others than on her own behalf. Two or three times during the weary hours she has been watching there, the appearance of a policeman's lantern has forced. her to dive down into the shadow of the lane, followed by his suspicious eye, but anon she returns, and resumes her vigil. There is no need to sus pect her. She would disdain to stoop to crime. Yet to shelter it she lives. Her nights are spent in watching and her days in toil that she may shield a criminal from the bands of justice. But then he is her son. and what will not the affection of a mother undergo. The night has fallen, and still she remains at hw post. She is old — older in appearance than her years — shrivelled and ugly, but not nnpleasing. There is not of that repulsiveness in her aspect which is only the effect of vice. It is impossible for old people and children of natural goodness to be positively unsightly. However plain or far from pretty they may be there is yet a pleasingness in the look of virtuous old age and childhood that attracts,, we hardly know how. The innocence and purity of the mind arising from youth and ignorance on the one hand, and from helpless ness and the failure of the grosser appetites on the other, shine through the features and im part a beauty to them which in the full life sons- and daughters of Adam and his fallen consort can seldom be present. Virtue doubt less throws a charm around, it which we can not but admire ; but this is rather an admira tion , of rigid self-denial and imposed goodness i:i a nature which all men know is at the root toll of evil and desperately wicked, than oT the inherent and unalloyed purity arising from the non-existence or non-development. of sin ful paRsionfi and desires. Not that the vicious may not grow hoary in their sins. We do not ppesk of such, but of those who have battled with the tpmptations of the world in the heat of life, and now that the evening has come thny can rest in the shadow, having borne the burden of the day, Hagar Wayling, the haggard waif of ihe city, could tell a mournful story. . Yet is it scarcely worth repeating, for it is the history of thousands. We 'pass on the streets daily miserable beings of leprous aspect who could tell the same or a similar talel They glare at or shrink from their fellows in hate and envy, or in shame, according as their lot has been to be born proud or humble — has been bestowed or self-imposed. The friend with whom you walk may take you by the arm, and, pointing to some abject piece of humanity, hideous from neglect and poverty, or it may be from vice, say :? — 'Do \ou see that man near the right hand crossing ?' *? He with unshod feet and bleared eyes?' you ask, wondering of what interest such can be to you. ' The same,' is the reply. ' The day is not long past when he was worth thousands. He was well known on 'Change, and his name is not forgotten even now. He lost during the cotton famine every shilling he had in the world. Some say as much as a hundred and fifty thousand pounds !' ' And what then ? He did not lose his abilities. Was it necessary for him to become destitute?' ' Not necessary ; but he took to drinking — lost caste, and now he is what you see him.' ' A. starved crossiqg-sweeper 1' While you have been talking of him you have psssed a dozen who might tell a more mournful history. Hagar Wayling's is sadder. The daughter of a country clergyman, her early years were spent amid scenes, oh, so different from those amongst which she drags out her wretched existence now. So called Town's people are accustomed to look down upon those reared in rural seclusion as unrefined, and lacking in knowledge of the world. So be it. They -3o lack somewhat of outward polish (which is curiously synonymous to deceit), but let them not complain. The factitious jealousies and empty friendships of the world are no great loss. The want of that attainment whereby to level down every natu ral feeling to a selfish end is naught to be re gretted. It is they who know little of the sublime, the grand, the minute, the beautiful, and wondrous workings of Nature that are ignorant. How will diplomacy and the capa bility of intrigue assist in the enjoyment of that Eternity of which this 'life is but a suburb,'' and a ruinous one to boot. The per fection of knowledge is not on earth — is but in the great Hereafter, which itself is Know ledge. Whether then, does anyone thi'ik, will that knowledge, that god-estate, to which man is permitted to look forward, be more consis tent with the store of him who has drawn his inspiration from th-s sources of Nature, or with that of the other who is well acquainted with the opera, the ballet, or the discounting of bills? Hagar was reared iu the country among those rustic scenes which cling to the memory longer than any street of a native city. All over the world a dusty thoroughfare can be found with shops and traffic and bustle, but. only in one part of the wide globe can be found that road arched over with lime-trees ? that huge old oak among whose branches we esconced ourselves in boyhood — that river tumbling through the only scenes of originality in existence — those colours of. nature ? that old house with its quaint gables and deep old fashioned windows, whereon are stained the arms of our name, stained hundred of years ago, perhaps, by cunning hands that now are dust — tbat park where every beech has its own shape — its own features as distinct to our minds as those of the nearest and the dearest. These are scenes that can never be replaced ? that have no counterpart. The heart of the Swiss is ever turned, no matter how afar, round the grand old mountains that are nowhere but in his native land. Unlike the denizen of the. city he can never have those beloved objects restored by others. No con structions of men will bring them to his memory. Natuie reared for him his home, fcnd there 13 none that can replace it. The heart of Hagar oftentimes crept in the night (for she quelled the vain dreams by ds»y) out of the dismal cellar, which was now her home, to the old parsonage hard by a clamp of broad-leaved chesnuts, and her spirit renewing its childhood (for let anti spiritualidts attempt to refute as they will, there is a conduct of the spirits of those in life undreamt of by earthly philosophy) wan dered over meadows where the brooklets hid among sedges, and frolicked with the lambs. twining round their necks, primroses and. cow- slips she has plucked in her ramble. Some times she has been to church again— the hoar old building with its square tower where hun dreds of pigeons reared their young through ages unmolested. She has entered the sand stone porch with the grim faces grinning from the pillars on either side and from the heaw cornice, and passed into the oaken seated Sanc tuary where her father leads the prayers of the humble flock, only to wake again to a re doubled sense of her misery. There are few changes in the Universe like those iu man. The days now come and go as they did in the time of Adam. Skies are blue and clouded : grass grows and withers : the stars have run round their courses and begun again and again, but still they appear as thay did six thousand years ago. But not so man. Who could imagine that this hag, cowering among a dripping London fog — shunning her fellows — fleeing before the minions of tte law, could have grown from the loving and beloved child of a Parish clergyman, who gambolled in fresh green meadows under a bright sun — not fresher, nor greener, nor brighter than her own existence ? Truly grapes may be gathered from thorns and figs from thistles ! But Hagar's father died while she was yet a child. Relations at the best are often but sorry friends; and as the child grew to womanhood and nnderstood her depend ence, which indeed she was not long allowed to forget, she shook it off and made to sustain herself. There wee objections on the part of her relatives at first. They were wealthy and influential and accounted It a slur upon their position that one of their kindred should earn her own livelihood, but these scruples were overcome. Hagar obtained a situation as governess, and beyond a few cold formal ities, said good-bye to them for ever. We cannot but admire the spirit which prompted this action, yet by what mysterious ordering of Providence. is it that, such virtue should often, so far as we can jsee, be so wofolly rewarded. There are surely other ways to Eternal happiness than through a vale of bitter tears 1 In course of time Hagar was married — married to one she loved — who loved her; but ? and, ye gentle soothers of our sorrows, I insist, in spite of all your sentimentalists may say, this is an awful ' but' ? ? he was poor. This mattered not so long as they loved, says some innocent maiden, who, an ex ception to the rule, still retains that pure,, living idea of affection which alone raises woman to the often-applied title of angel. Quite so, my dear (I talk to you with brotherly affection, for you are worthy of it), but — Death came in the way, and Hagar's husband died. And then ? * * * To be continued. 