\- MELBOURNE. ' . The Tariff lias passed without an amondmont. Theatsb RoTAt,— If to doserve success would oom- mand it, tho present munagcrs of our littlo theatre would bo gladdened by seeing their benches filled every night, for they are endoavoring thoir utmost to please overvbodv by Catherine around them such a finmnnnv I as has not been seen in Hookliumpton for many a long day. In addition to those who havo for tlio lost week or so boon engnged in " Showing virtue horown feature and scorn her own imago," wo learn that Mr. and Mrs. Holloway olid Mr. Wood liavo been secured, for a timo at least, bo tbat wo may cxpoct not only to soo n series of first-class plays, comedies, and farces placed upon the stage, but to find them thoroughly well acted. Mr. und Mrs. Holloway and Mr. Wood havo won for themselves Southern reputations, and as our Victorian and New South Walos friends set thomsolves up as critics of tho first wator, we anticipate a groat treat on Monday night, when our new arrivals will mako their first appearance. We cannot conclude our eliort notice without complimenting Mr. Carey upon the able manner in wliioli he played Kdgar Ranensioood, and wo regret very much tliut lib had not a larger and more appreciative audience. : Wo see by our adver tising columns that the houutiful drama of "Maud's Peril " will bo reproduced this oi-oning.; , Mb.- Chapman's Benefit.— We aro; roquosted by Mr. Chapman to itato that he .xvus .uticxp cctcdly.com- polled to postpone his benefit until Tuesday ; evening next, tho hull -liavine -been -.required on' Tlmrsdav evening lust by the Committeo oL the School of Arts, for. the purpose- of. holding their adjourned, an nuul meeting. . Tickets purchased for Thursday,, will be available on Tuesday; evening. . .. emmvic. ; Wo.itavo .to apologize, to .the, members of tho Lcichhnrdt Masonio Lodge for having suited in our last iesuo that Mr. H. 0. Puton lind been Worship ful Master; wo have learned Binoe that ho attempted to gain that honorablo position, iutd was rejcolod ; but :he was the W.M. of the Rocklmmptpn;Lodgo. Rockhamfton Races.—1 lho following nominations wero received last niglit for tlio two 'handicaps : — Fly ing Handicap ; Mr." H. J. McDcrniott's bg Sir Walter ; Mr. Buddlo's elig Premier; Mr. Ruddle's ebb Challon- ger; Mr. Hughes' gm Greyekim. — Rockhamptori Han dicaps Mr. II. J. McDormott'e tig 8ir Walter; Mr. Ruddle's clio Challenger ; Mr. Hughes' gm Greyekim ; Mr, Carroll's brg Reindeer, ; Mr. Ruddle chg Premier ; Mr. Calloghiin's gg Greyhound. ' : ' - ' ; j . The Mxnistee foe Lanps.— Tho hon. wj H. WuIbIi iB tilting a' tour, nrid: wo' liopo ho will enjoy himself— tlio'; Alary, e.,: which uppcare -to , bo quite at the service' of Ministers, willileuve Roclchampton ! this morning and fetch the'hon. gCmlomun.froiniGludstone to this town, -where; we presume; ha will not be, wel comed: with bands of mneioand floral urehes— although ut the sumo time, wo hope ho will bo received with t-hat! courtesy which his exulted position and his great Eorviecs to bia : country deserve. There was a report afloat that be had resigned his position in disgust two dsys after his chief pledged himself to carry out tho Northern Extension, but we didn't believe it ; so good a patriot wculd nover' desert his post ar.d his billet, when ho was con scious that his absence would result, in the irretrievable ruin of Queensland and: lessen his bunking uooouiit. 'We suggest tliut the members of the .Sepuratinn Com mittee wait upun the hoi. gontlcinan and request him tii sign tho Soparation Memorial and to pledge him self tp support it. Fibe.— A full Bench is summonsed for next Mon day, to inquire into the cnueo of lho fire which des troyed the " Rising Sun Hotel." This inquiry is to bo made at the request of six boueeholders, who mado an application to tlio Bench on Thursday last. Townships — Jt used to bo the fashion down South, hut whether it is so at present we cant tell, to proclaim townships fust and thick, tlio only requirements. being a publio liouso, a blacksmith's shop, and a lock-up ; wo oro not quite prepared to say wo should upproyo of such a course being adopted in Queensland, al though no doubt many a township-lius been guzcttod, the inhabitants of wliioli ecurcoly oxcoodcd a .score. Wo have many of tlioso littlo Peddlington'e sosttorcd over lho length and broudth of tlio Australlas, wliioli are languishing undor tiio woight of thoir honors, nnd which would bo far botlor off without Corporations, taxes, nnd tho multitudinous evils whioh follow upon tho introduction of tho iildormunio gown. But wliero tho population is numorous nnd incrcneing, mid whoro it ia necessary to secure cortuin privileges for tho people, such us commonages and othor rosorvos, whioh cannot be definitely obtainod without the proclaiming of a township, wo consider it highly noccesary that Stops should bo taken to procure such proclamation without delay. Wo point particularly to North Rook- hampton, which appears to bo recovering itself , from tho severe shock it obtained by tlio formation of tlio present, road lo tlio.Pcnk Downs. Buildings aro being rapidly erected, the population is numerous, ns may bo readily seen from tho fuct that thoro uro 103 names of children on tho books of tho Nuliouul School, with an avcrngo atteiidnnco of over 80. Thoro are no less than five hotels, all of whioh aro well supported ; ono of tho bout, stores, tliut of Mr. Molloy, in the district ; n butcher's shop, tho inovllablo bliiekamith's forge, carpontore, bricklayers and painters, besides numerous carriers who keep largo numbers of horses, and cow- keepers wlio supply South Roekliamotou largely with milk. Wo understand that two policemen aro to bo located lliero, aud that a lock-up is to bo built; Under theso circumstances wo think it udrisablo that tho people should memorialise tho Government anil ask to have a township proclaimed, particularly us thoro aro several local wants whioli need to bo supplied. 'We do not think that at prcsont it would bo judieioUB ts burthen the community with a Corporation ; as a rule, although' 'respectable, thoy are not in vory flourishing circumstances, aud thoy could ill afford to pay rates' and tuxes, or to uiidortiiko tho management of thoir roads. There cun bo no doubt but tbat thoir iniorests require looking after— the drainage for a milo round the Buriictvillo ia wretchedly bud ; the old culverts nnd wntorcoureos are blocked up, nnd after a modor- ntoly hcuvy full of ruin tho water lies in all directions almost putting a stop to trffic, besides considerably in- oonvonicncing the residents. A few pounds jadieously laid out under tho surveillance of the Engineer of Roads would do wunders in tlio way of draining nnd olearing, ana wo suggest iuo propriety oi iuo num, . Rookliamptoiiitos stirring themselves, so that tlicy inny gel a few of tho crumbs likely to full from tho tublo'of tho Minister, for Works. Stbbet Mosio.— We have seldom seen Bockhamp- tnn' except at Christmas timo, look more cheerful than . it did on Saturday evening last, tlio shops wore well lighted, and lho windows drcssod with coneidorablo taste, displaying stocks of goods, which argued well for tho retuil business of tho town. As we passod along, wo observed that many of tlio cetublishmunts were crowded with customers, while tho hotels ap peared to bo driving a roaring trade. But what most surprised us was; to sec,: when we camo into town, a largo crowd 'collected in front of Ward's Commercial Hotel, and to hoar from tho contra of it, strains, of music. Upon approaching nearer wo heard the harp and violin being played in a maiinor which put us iu mind of o d times, when blind -Willie and his com! puniou discoursed most excellent musio in tlio courts and passages near tho Stock Exchange,' rind _ woobd money from tho purses of tlio hard men of busiucss.us thoy stopped in thoir hurried wulk for a moment to liston to a olioico selection from on opera, or somo old ballad tune' 'which tlioy had - hoard ond loved years ; since. Blind YVillio wis ono of the best performers on tlio violin in England, und offers had bocn niado to him by every theatrical manager in London, but -ho steadily refused, and played away amid his old haunt's until his how hand was stuyed by deuth. Tho per formers now iiigbtly enlivening our town, oro two Italians, who lately wandered up here from Melbourne, and from what wo hear, their trip is likely to bo a pay ing ono,- as thoy- are liberally supported 1 by those who appreciuto and delight in rcully-goud music.' Tho style -of their playing und their solcolions arc worthy each, of the other; wu heard a selection theotlicr ovcuiugfroin , II. Trovotoie." followed by u . harp solo, both of wliioli fairiy astonished us, urid wlion tho -moonlight nights come on again, our towusnioii and their families could listening to tfio wAnucrmg n>»» Sepauation Committee.— At an ndjournoa uiuei,- ine. of tho obovc coinmitee, lieM at the Secretary s lust, -Captain Hunter iu tho chair, tlio draft mcuiunui- of tbo proceedings of the last year was submitted. The Chairiuau stated that Mr. O'Kano, ono of the corresponding committee, was desirous of inserting a paragraph, relutive to the action tuken with regard ' to the Port Curtis clcotion, whioli iio (tlio Ohuirmnn) strongly opposed ; ho should also do everything in iris power to prevent tho Committee collectively from in terfering in any way with elections." Mr. G. B. Shaw niovod that the report bo rend and adopted, Mr. Feez seconded. Mr. O'Kane niovod as an amondmont that tho paragraph alluding to tho Port Curtis oicotion bo omitted and tliut tlio following bo inserted. "Mr. Pirimor huving lutely explained his views on tho Separation question to tho Committee, tlicy had ab stained from taking any action on or reference to tho Port Curtis oloction." Tho amendmont not being seconded, the original motion was put and carried. Mr. Shaw moved, "That tho annual publio meeting for tho submission of tho Committeo's report; the noui- ' inntion of a new Oommittoo, and other businoss, bo held on Wednesday ovcnir.g in the School of Arts, and that his Worship the Mayor bo requested to pro- sido." Seconded by Mr. Mulligan and passed. - The appointment of Returning Officer and lho fixing of the polling day to be Bottled ut the publio mooting. Houses in the Stheets.— Our town inspootor appears to ho always on the look-out, and ccrlaiuly with excellent effect, for wo do not see half so muny horses straying about tlio streets ns formerly, and the goats havo nearly all disappeared. On Thursday ho brought the ownera of two horses before tho Bunch, but as there were extenuating circumstunces attending both cuscs, the defendants wore fined only 5 shillings each, with 3s. fid. coBts arid 10s. 6d. professional ex penses. ' . . Mabkbt Besbbybs. — We were favored yosterday by Mossrs. Alexander 'and Co., the auutioneors, with tho results of tho sale of the building lots on tho Market Reserve, whioh was hold at tho Bank Auction Rooms, on Thursday lust. Tho sale may bo regardod as ex ceedingly; satisfactory, as it' proves that our monied men have confidenco in the town, whilo at tlio sumo time that the Corporation will dorivo a consider able annual income, amounting by the sales to £337 8s 3d per annum, which will enable thorn when thev nan spare tlio money, to erect a Market House, witliout calling upon tho ratepayers to furnish tho interest upon' capita! laid out. Wo huvo no doubt but that tho seven allotments remaining unsold will quickly find purchasers when the bricks and mortar are on the ground. We aro opposod to any but busi ness premises being oreoted upon tho Market Rcaorve, as dwelling-houses would bo out of placo. Wo trust' that tlio municipal authorities havo the powar to insist upon buildings being erected of something like an uni form charuotor, ns it would bo a pity to spoil so fino a sito by unsightly and pahry shops. Lot 1, 10 perobes, with u frontugo to William-street of 48ft, Mr. W. R. Burfoo; for lis por foot per annum rental — or £26 8s for tlio bloek. Lot 2, 22 porches, witli frrntugo to William-street of 560., Mr. Brodnitz, for I9s per foot yearly rontui— total £53 4s. Lot 8, 32 perches, corner of William and, East streets, witli 60ft froutago to Wil- liain-Btrcct,'40a per foot -or £112 rental for lho block, Mr. Walter. Roid. Lot 4, 15k poi'chosi with frontuge of 40 ft to East-street, JOs por foot, or £20 rental— Mr. 0. M. John; Lot 9j 10 perches, with 4Sft frontAgo to William-street, Mr. Mncnroe, lis fid per foot— total rental £27 12s. Lots 10 und 11, Mr. Wil liam Kearney, tho former containing 22 perohns, with a frontage of 6Gft to Willium-streat, und sold for 10s fid —or £29 8b por unnum ; nnd tho latter udjoiuing, aud situated nt tlio cornor of William and Bolsovcr streets — area 22 perehos, Williom- street frontage 56ft, Bold for 12s 6d per foot frontage, or £35 per annum tho block. The othor lots passed the hummer, but'after- wards lots 6 and 6 were sold at the upset prioos : — Lot 5, 13 perches, .with a frontogo to Eust- streot of 87 feet, -was purchased by Mr. W. Callughan for 10s per foot annual rontui, or £18 15s the block; and lot 6, areo 16 perches, und 37ft frontugo to Euat- stroet, by Mr. Eisner, for 7a fid rental pur foot per annum, or £14 Is 8d. Nino lots wore sold. Fatal Accident. — On Thursday - evening about 6 o clock, Mr. Brown, lato landlord of tho Rising Sun -Hotel, brought u young horso into town for tbo purposo of shewing him to Mr. Wilder, and puoed him several times up and down tho street ; tho animal than ox- hibitirig no signs of vice or rcBtivoross, although eviden cing that he had been accustomod to bo ridden in a reck- less mannor. A littlo after 7 o'clock Mr. Brown, whilo passing near tho Market Reservo on tho snmo horso, was thrown off and fell heavily. Ho was pickod up by Mr. .Tamos Smith, who, assisted by Mr. Adams, convoyed him in a cart to his own rosidonco. Dr. Oallaghan was directly in attonduneo and found tliut fatal injuries lind bcoii inflicted. On his way homo, Brown frequently vomitod blood, and blood gushed from his oars ; whon liftod from tho cab he was in a state of ooinploto insensibility and did not utter a Bound up to tlio timo of his death, whioh ocourrcd at about 4 o'clock on Friday morning. Thoro woro no outward signs of injury on tlio body. It may bo ro- momberod thnt Mr. Brown was somo timo since thrown from n horso and seriously hurt, and from what wo can learn, lie was not nt all in a fit slnto to ride a high couriigod horso. Ho leaves a wile and three childorn totally urprovidod for. Ice. — Uoul, r-ght down ico — mado by Natures hand, whon tlio stars aro shining brightly, is seldom seen in Rookhampton ; therefore whon It does put in an ap- pcaranco, bo it ill aver so frngilo a sliapa, or ever so transitory, it is wortli chronicling. On Thursday and Friday mornings it- was bitterly cold beforo tlio sun rose ; the white hour frost was lying on tlio grass nnd silvering tlio trunks of tho trees, wlulo on tho tanks und wator butts, ico wns seen in somo cases nearly an eighth of an inch thick. Wo almost fanoiotl wo wero in England whon wo turned out, and wo wished his highness Jack Feost u cordial good morrow ; how ever ho did not sluy long to acknowledge our courtesy but vnirisliod with at much rapidity ns ghosts do whon tho cocks crows, boforc tho first glimmer of tho sun. An Auuival -As it is our duty to nnnounce tlio arrival of all distinguished characters, we have much pleasure in informing tlio turf loving portion of tho community tliut " Grcyskim," of raccoourso celebrity, has arrived in Rockhuuiptun, nnd that sha will have tho pleasure of trying to win for her ownor as much of our money n9 she possibly can. Wo sro rcquostcd ts stato thut hor ladyship is not to bo triilod with, and that alio makes it n point of houor to carry her riders colors, whon bIio can, past tho judgos chair. Whilo wo ncknuwlodgo tho honor conferred upon us, wo are rudo enough to express n liopo that the hi are will, for tho suko of our locul sporting mori, turn out to bo a eolt. Illicit Dibtillino. — " It," ss tho Bulletin asserts, " Tho product of what the Bench have found in Tux- ford's distillery was an offunsivo smelling liquor, dis colored with creosote, aud probably witli other drugs also," is being used by certain publiaans in Rockhump- ton at tho present lime, for tlio purpose of adulterating tho imported article," — then tlio " cortain publicans " are as bad, if not worse, than Toxford. If a publican creosote and drugs, bo is as much a poisonor as tho i man who administers a doso of stryclinino in a oup of , tea. But aro " ccrtuin publicans " guilty of so grave an offence P And if so, who uro tlicy? In the way the i ssertion is mado by tho Bulletin, all publicans are tarred with tlio same brush — by implication— and every ono of them is pointed at. There must be some foundation for tlio ehurgo, at least wo presume so ; the smoke must curl up from somo fire, thercfoim until tho offence can be brought homo.it is hardly fair to oast suspicion upon all, by declaring that a " cortain few" are guilty. This places our licensed victuallers in a bit of a fix.;, if one woro to state " I am not the of fender." Then Bulletin could tu'ri round and say, " Let tho galled judo winco." "Thou art tho man," and if all uro silent tlion silence is a tacit allownnco of guilt. , In- fuct, tlio ,1sm,' said < uboutl- llio subject tho better ; itris in the hands of the police, and Sergeant Judgo lias his eyes wido open, and cun mnnago, no doubt, to'work out tlio problem williout the help of tho Bulletin. Wo ull know perfectly well that " oven -pure spirits incautiously used (that is not diluted with water) is mischievous. enough.",,. VVo all recollect wliut Gassio said; und : most oi us'agrco with hiui,- but wo object etrongly to any buckhandod slaps at our liotcl- kcopcrs, who uro undoubtedly umoiigtt our most res- pcctablo and woll- tn-do citizens ; but such inueuducs uro quite in accordance witli thnt'bold spirit of justice which our oontempory is so colehrutod for assurting lio administers. For our part wo would rather swallow . the adulterated liquor Uian.wo would his adulterated justico, inid exclaim against the accusation that is brought uguiiist aff our licensed victuallers, by a jour nalist who ought to bo the lust mult in tho world to writo ubout a "doctored," article.-, ' , Police Court. — Tbo-blackfpllow well known as Dr. Dawson, was uguin brought before tho Court yester day, charged with assaulting and robbery. ; aftor hear ing ovidetico tho Bench committed hint to take his »r. ooioliaol Egiuv pUUllUax uC usiiun/ia, ""J usuugut uciui a tlio lluMcll- . for. - protection; lie being considered: of- unsound mind and unfit to ho at large. Egun was takon into custody bT-eonstablo; Luiiig, upon the instigation of Charles Amos, his barman. Whon Luing was unresting him, he ran . off to tho look-up half-naked in a most ox- oitcd stato, calling out thut tho devil was after -him to shoot him. Amos deposed that on Monday pight week Egun eaino into his bed-room with a carving knife, and uftor locking tlio door, ho said, " Now I have got you eafo, l'ii out your throat." Amos directly jumped out through the window and eBCnpod. Egan was very muoh excited rnd was quite naked. Witness , remained away during tho night und in the morning gavo information to the police nnd Egan was taken into custody. Dr. Salmond, Health Officer, considered tho prisoner to bo a dangerous lunatic and that ho required medical treatment. He was accord ingly sont to. tbo Lunatio Reception House for ono month.' Proposed Tax on Wool.— Tho French Minister of Finance has officially notified tho provincial Chambers of Commerce thnt if necessary to put n duty upon tho im portation of raw materials tho duty would bo allowed in tho form of drawback upon the exportation of tho manufactured articlos, and tlio amount of suoh draw back, together witli tho indirect tuxes to whioh manu factures are lioblo, will bo added to tho import duties upon foreign 'manufactures. Tho Journal dec Debate announces thut tho Minister of Finance will propose au import duty of 20 per cent, upon tlio following raw materials : silk, wool, cotton, flax, and hemp; but tliut the proposal haB mot with, and will encounter, tho strongest opposition from tho manufacturing in terests it submitted to tho Assembly.— European Mail. good Advioe, — Tlio Kookhampton Bulletin donies the ontiro accuracy of tho telegram which appeared iu this journal, respecting tlio second moeting held by Mr. Palmer in Rookhampton, to excuse his conduct at the first. But the Bulletin's own account of tho mooting referred to fully bears out lho truth of our telegraphio correspondent ; and wo ndviao tho Bulletin, when next it contradicts, not to furnish ovidonco against itself — even by tlio condensed, and cooked reports it is permitted, by its masters, tn trivn Colonist. 