HIGH SHINES IN LONDON. MELBOURNE—according to the Harbinger of Light, the organ of the Victorian spiritists-<*> has its "mediums," its "circles," its wonder-<*> working "invisibles;" but the "spirits" on this side the globe have evidently something to learn from their English confreres. The fol lowing is from the London Daily Telegraph of July 5 :— If the new feats of the metropolitan spirits become common, the difficulties of London locomotion will be quickly solved. We need hare no disputes about bad cabs, narrow omni buses, underground rails, overground tramways, or even travelling balloons, if it be truo that Mrs. Guppy, described by her friends as " one of the biggeat women in London," can be car ried through the air from Highbury to Lamb's Conduit-street in the course of a few minutes. This remarkable event took place on the 3rd of June, 1871: eight witnesses, not counting the transported lady and the two mediums, testify to it; and thoße eight in clude Mr. Henry Morris, described as a " Man chester merohant of high standing," Mr. Ed* wards, a B.A. of Cambridge, and other ladies and gentlemen who sign their names and ad dresses to the statement. The story is simple. A dark seance took place at the lodgings of the two mediums. A spirit voice exclaimed that " Mrs. Guppy" would be brought; a heavy body was " heard" to descend on the table; a light was struck, and there was Mrs. Guppy, large as life, but without her shoes, and appa rently in a trance! ' On "coming to" the " trembled all over"—naturally enough, as though a medium, she is probably unaccustomed to travelling rapidly through the air; and stand ing on a table with ten gentlemen sitting round her, some of them strangers, is a trying position. This occurred at ten minutes past 8 precisely. She was escorted home in a cab, and her friend, a Miss Neyland, declared that she had been sitting with Mrs. Guppy arranging household accounts, when the lady suddenly disappeared. In " oorroboration" of this little fact, it must be mentioned, that when Mrs. Guppy de scended on the table in Lamb's Conduit-street, •he had an account book in her hand, and the ink was still wet on the word " onions," the very last word addressed to her by her friend. It should also be stated that, when Miss Ney land missed her friend, she searched for her " up-stairs, down-stairs, and in my lady's cham ber," and then, as in duty bound, went and told Mr. Guppy. He was playing billiards, and gaily replied, " No doubt the spirits have car ried^her off, but they will take care of her." Even when supper came, and there was no Mrs. Guppy, this bold man was not cast down. He asked the spirits, Was she safe ? They rapped out " Yes," and so he went to bed—a model husband even under circumstances calculated to test marital confidence to the extreme. But he was partially used to it. Some time before he had an experience ai astounding. Mr. Hearne, a medium, " dropped in" one evening—not in the commonplace way, but through walls and | oeilings, in spite of fastened windows and locked doors. That, too, happened at twenty minutes past 10 —the visitor appearing to the lady as " a black bundle descending from the ceiling ?" while the husband, less favored, simply finds him on the floor of his little breakfast-room and in the company of his agitated wife. "As Mr. Hearne revived, his heart beat violently, and he suffered much from thirst"—an appeal to Mr. Guppy's cellar that, we are confident, was not made in vain. What can we say of all this P What becomes of natural laws, if a heavy lady can lightly float over London, and dispense with cabs, carriages, 'busses, or even with the use of her legs ? Curi ously enough, in the present instance, the pon derability of matter was retained, although it lost its other characteristics. Mrs. Guppy comes down on the table with "a heavy souud," although she passes through the wall without leaving a trace behind. We are fully inclined to believe the testimony of the gentlemen who say that they saw the lady on the table in Lamb's Conduit-street; but then the inference that she came through the air, the wall, or the door, by the agency of spirits, is not advanced by the testimony of ten thousand such affirmations. There is no miracle in a lady's getting on a table in the dark. "We need no ghost come from the grave" to tell us that it is possible; and we accept as fact, that at ten minutes past 8 Mrs. Guppy so appeared in Lamb's Conduit-street. But we find entirely wanting" the other evi dence, that she was in the flesh at Highbury at an hour that would make her travelling by ordinary means impossible. When Miss Ney land was asked to say at what hour shd and Mrs. Guppy were together, she answered, " I do not know; it might have been about 9 o'clock." Thus, for want of precise evidence, the whole case collapses; and the independent witnesses simply prove that Mrs. Guppy ap pears at evening parties in positions rather eccentric, and in a style of dress not yet adopted in fashionable life. Yet will it be be lieved, that this simple apparition of a portly lady in Lamb's Conduit-street is called by the Spiritual Magazine the " transportation of mediums," and that spiritualists in London are rejoicing over the new miracle ? We only hope that the con tagion will not spread. If all husbands were good and great like Mr. Guppy, and went quietly to bed when their wives disappeared without warning, and then accepted their return with resignation, not to say content, all would be well. But we think n c may safely say, that if other wives take to imitating her, their hus bands may not imitate him. Some among us are harsh and brutal, suspicious and unkind, and they would not like to see the wives of their bosoms turned into those " fljing women" whom Peter Wilkina 60 madly loved. Women's rights have been advocated to a great extent of late, and here is a new claim far exceeding that latitude of tho latch-key which men have long enjoyed—and so rarely abused. If, when a man comes down to supper, he finds hi* wife gone off with the spirits, leaving only a pair of elippera on hu diverted hearth, his temper may not stand it. Nor can ha like, when he comes home for a quiet evening, to find a male medium on the floor of his library, and to be told that he had juat " dropped in " through the ceiling and wanted something to drink. It is curious enough that exactly at the time when this strange tale of the flying habits of the female Guppy—to use the coarde but exact language of naturalists—is published, there should appear a scientific paper by a scientific man on the odd and curious phenomena asso ciated with the presence of Mr. Home, the well known medium. Mr. "William l rookos, tha editor of the Quarterly Journal of Science, a physicist of high repute, has carefully investi gated Mr. Home's manifestations. The points to which he directed his attention were, (I) tha alteration in the weight of bodies, and (2) tha playing of tunes on musical instruments with human agency. Mr. Crookes constructed an apparatus by which he could test, in pounds, exactly the amount of pressure exercised on a mahogany board. One end of the board was on a table, and, when Sir. Home's fingerg retted on it, the other end descended to the same extent at one time as if there had be?n a "pull*l of sir pounds. Mr. Crookea tried what he could do, by resting tha whole weight of his own body on the end barely touohed by Mr. Homo's fingers, and ha found that eren by "jerking" he jauld only affect it to the extent of a two pounds " pull.** He next placed an accordion in a wire cage open at the top. Mr. Home, in the presence of four witnesses, in a room fully lighted by gas, touched the end farthest from the keys, and the accordion played a tune, the cage so surrounding the instrument that nobody could touch the keys, which were visible all the time. Mr. Crookes says that these experiments indi cate a " new force," which he calls •• Psychic"— a force radiating from s jmo men and at uncertain times—so that the absence of the force iv other men or at other times will not disprove iti existence. His witnesses in this experiment, who endorse his account, are Dr. Hu gins, the BBtronomer, and Mr. Sergeant Cox-the one bringing scientific, the other legal knowledge. The Sergeant, with great courage, states the theory of the new force as "a force pro ceeding from the nerve system capable of imparting motion and weight to solid bodieg within the sphere of its influence"—for instance, tables and oliairs. He also considers it purely "human." We say nothing as to the dis covery ; we respectfully wait for further facts. But if this new light bo true, it more entirely upsets " spirit" rapping than anything else yet announced. When raps come annouueing that our deceased grandmother wishes us to marry Mary Ann Jones, we shall know in future that the message comes from the very human verves of Mary Ann's sister, sitting at the other side of the table. All of us are willing enough to be lieve anything that would dispel the monotony of usual life, with its births, deaths, and mar riages, breakfasts, dinners, and suppers, men women, and children, and nothing elße. If there were spirits, with new forces, and new locomotions, and flying women and garrulous grandmothers long deceased, we should all rejoice. And in that hope who has not sat round tables mute as a mouse, pation*. as a nun, listening to raps which, being inter preted, were no better than the everyday talk of the "present company," only stammered out through noisy wood ? Who has not sat beside pretty women, believers or dupes, and felt that in the cause of science one could look at such handsome priestesses of the new religion for several successive hours ? Yet, as " little Peterkin" observed, with a wisdom be yond his age, " what good came of it at the last" ? Not a word was said that the medium could not have said in her waking hours. This was the perpetual miraole—that ghosts Bhould walk, and spirits oome from regions the moat remote, merely to prattle prose not half so good as that uttered in the lucid intervals of the evening when the circle was " broken up," and, some lady being asked " to play something," conversation set in with its accustomed vivacity. Now all this strangeness is dispelled, if Mr. Crookes and Serjeant Cox are right in their sup position, that the movements and the raps come invisibly from the " nerves" of somebody pre« Bent, who is neither wiser nor better than the company around, and who plays upon us through the agency of his abnormal gift. But still the new "nerve force" does not explain Mrs. Guppy's flight, nor Mr. Hearne's playful prank of entering breakfast-rooms on all fours, un* heralded, unexpected, and unannounced. Fob genuine, earnest, slashing, self-oriticism, the following, from the Sacramento Record, it would be difficult to surpass :—" Americans are a money- lot ing and a money-making people. Does it ever strike any of them how much it cosU to make money ? For example : The lust of wealth so overrides every other consideration in this country, that fraud in trade is the rills instead of the exception. We poison all our proTisions with adulterations. We sell shoddy for wool. We sell veneering for solid wood. We make horrible rolls of nostiness and call them cigars. We build wretched shells of bad brick, and bad mortar, and green wood, and f*^ them houses. We rob and cheat each other all round, and in every trade and business, and we ara all bo bont on making money that we have not time or inclination to protest against the most palpable frauds, but console ourselves when we discover that we have been imposed upon by going forth and swindling somebody else. We pay a yery heavy prioe for our national idiosyncracy. We kill each other quicker than is at all necessary. We pay two or three prices for very in'erior article*, as a rule. We spend much money and get very little in return, and we are rapidly de stroying our national sense of honesty and integrity. In those benighted and slavish countries which are ruled by monarch* they contrive to live a good deal cheaper and a great deal better than we can. There, fraud is regarded as criminal, and the impostee when detected is punished severely. There* tricks of trade are looked upon as swindles, and are treated as suoh. Thero, honest weights and measures are used. There, woe betido the con« tractor or architect who shall put up a house in American fashion. There, commercial trans actions are based upon fair dealing, and tha merchant and trader who sbnil be caught in an openly dishonest scheme would bo onraoized, if not proceeded against legally. But thoie ar« old fogey countries, the people of whioh know nothiDg about liberty ; who have no Fourth of July, or Wall-street, or codfish or shjddy aris* tocracies, and who do not recognise the fact that the right to live, liberty, and the pursuit of happiaees (which mean* money), entitles every man to cheat his neighbors and bara rodresi." i An English barrister in Madras has hit upon a neat substitute for divorce. He has simply turned Mohammedan, by which means he doec not get rid of his wife, but is enabled to make her life a burden to her in a moat satisfactory manner by bringing other wives into the family. He had instituted proceedings against her in the Divorce Court, but, owing to the lady's obstinately good character, had no stronger ground to allege than incompatibility of tern« peroment. Ilia case was, therefore, very un« promising; and hence, it is supposed, his juddan conversion to the creed of lulain. Warren Hastings, in roferouce to the pecuniary appro* priations charged against him, said that, con« sidering the opportunities he enjoyed, he wa* astouithed at his own moderation. The convert in this case possibly eutertaius a simi lar feeling as regards himself, for he hat es yet extended his matrimonial arrange* ments by the addition of only one lady. This lady—a young Frenchwomun—is also a convert, having recently been received into tha fold of the faithful at a moßque in Vcllore. Tha pair have been married in Mohammedan form, and with great splendor. In the romontio Nar rative of these events furnished by tbo Indian papers, tho course taken by tho (Jhriatian wifa is not told j but apart from her claim to raaia« tenance she may, of course, proceed f r the res titution of conjugal rights. It would have been better for the husband, therefore iiad he been off with the old love before he was on with tha new, for his original epouae may give Lira a great deal of trouble yet. Still the notion of the con version was neat. A change of religion for Ihfl removal of incompatibilities has a great advaa tage orer an elopement, as it does uot interior* with business, and gives one a characMHLiae conscientiousness among pc pic of v liberalnirn of mind. — Pall Mall Oaxttle. The Princeton students had been looking for ward to the presence of ProiiJeut Umut at their commencement; but it appears from the Now York papers to hand thnt they got no speech out of him. Ho U saiu to have re marked pleasantly that he would Merely follow out the maxim which Professor M'Uosb (wh» had preceded him) had alludi-.i to, that a in an, pos>easod one mouth and two «.••*••* iv order that ho might speak little and hear much. He had come (he added) to hear the address of Seora* tary Belknap. 