A ISreacU of S'romiso Case— S5000 Damages* ' AJ.'breacb of promise cimo, in whioh a gentleman, Mr. Tiiojbald Blake, of Connty Galway, possessed', of landed ^property bringing in £3,000 a year, besidbs railway shares, Bank stock, mortgages on land, and olher property, in defendant ; in whioh a youiig lady, Mis9 Agnes Joyce, of good family* in the same county, is plaintiff; and in which romantic and somewhat extraordinary lovo letters passed between tho affianced pur, tho whole ending with a challenge to a duel, brings back to the narrative of Irish life some of the halo of the romance of bygone days. The hearing of a case of this kind was conimeuced iu Galway on March 15th. The plaintiff is ninoieen years of age, daughter of a gentleman of good social position, but doscribad by bis counsol as too generous and open handed to havo allowed of his .improving his pecuniary position. ? Tho detondant, a widower, of 45 yeors. of age, with several children, beoame acquainted with the Joyces in 1865, and although Miss Joyce was then only 13 years of . age, be paid her marked attention, and these attentions never ceased until ' shortly before briuging the present action, the damages' claimed in whijh are £12,000.' He followed the Joyces' all. ovor tho Continent, ;living with them as their gHOSt, aud on their return to Ireland the same intimacy, was continued. At length, in Augast, 1869, he proposed and was rejocted. Two months later he proposed again and was. accepted. It was arranged that he should settle a separate income of .£450 a year on bis future wife. In October, 1869, ho enolosed a £50 note to her father-to buy jewellery with.; This she returned on the following day, requesting him not to repeat , such conduct. About this period , letters passed between them. Hers were signod ' Doll,' aud were written in most affectionate terms. ' She complained, however, that his wore 'cold,' and asked him to ' try to write to her a little kinder,' He replied; — You know mo .long enough to know that I am not able to write such letters as are to be found in novels. If I appear cold, it is ray nature, aod not my fault. - Believe met 1 my *ffeotion doe3 not consist la words, or in Writing nonsense.' The' wedding day was fixed several times, but on each . occasion, as the day approached, . the defendant pleaded temporary pecuniary embarrassment , as a reason lor delayii It was fixed at one time for April, 1870, and again for Ootober of tha same year; and again the defendant suggested a further postponement, but Mr. Joyce declared ' the marriage should take place in October, or never.' On September 9th, 1870, Mr. Blake wrote to the plaintiff a long letter, in whioh he said he wished her ' to reflect seriously on the mnttnr hpfnrfi tnkinmsfisfirinusttsten Heremindod. hor of tbe disparity of their 'ago, adding that ' even all the ohildren were not far from her own oge.' You are,' he added fond of balls and parties, and entertainments natural to your age. I am tired of this kind of amusement, and it would bo much against my inclination to go to them. Your mamma has often told me you could do much bettor, aud I am sure, with your attractions, that you could. Why not try tho world a little longer, and see if you can ' meet somo one whom you might like better than, vou do me ? You are extremely young, and can, scarcely form an oppinion, and it would be a dreadful thing to repent when it would be too latey and, perhaps, upbraided those who urged you into what you might consider a rash act before, you wore' capable of judging.' The letter concludes with an intimation that if she still wishes the engagement to be binding, he is willing to carry it out ; but in that case 'he begs her to urge her papa to postpone it to any. day she liked ia February. A coolness followed between the_ two families, during which Mr:'Joyce endeavored to meet tho defendant at a hunt, but, tho defendant avoidod him. Mr. Joyoe then called at the defendant's house, but he .was denied to him, upon whioh he wrote the following letter, dated November 20th, and left it with the servant ' Sir, — I came hero to tell you I oonsider your conduct most disreputable, and the lowest blaokguard in this country could not have acted worse. You may bless your stars you. sneaked away from tbe. hunt to day. or I should, have exposed you before the whole country. I shall take care to do so in every club in Ireland, and I believe you are afraid of me. — T. A Joyce,' Mr. Joyce was examined, and stated by this letter he did not mean to cnaiiengo Mr. Blake, although ' nothing would have given him greater , satisfaction than to have shot him had not law and religion bean against it.' Tbe letter was replied to by a Mr. D'Ardy, to whom as a friend, Mr, Blake had telearod it, Mr. D'Arcy wrote that the letter ' was evideutly intended to be offensive,' but he was ' unable to advise' Mr. Blake ' to seek tbe usual redreBS.' The plaintiff and ether wituesseB were examined, and Baron Hughes, in charging iiirr. u.-iid h a onnsidored the defendant's lottor of September 9th of a most insulting character. It was plain 'that Mr. Blake's excuBOB that the want' of money prevented him getting married were idle. Bathor , than have recoarss to bis realised oapital bo had violated the most solemn contract, and had chosen to entrust himself to the meroy of a Galwsy jury, and to that jury be would leave him. After a short deliberation, the jury found for the plaintiff with £5,000 damages. The announcement was received with loud applauso in court On Short Commons.— My dear madam, can you givo me a glass of grog i' asked a fatigued traveller in Arkansas, as . he entered a cabin on the roadside. J' I ain't got a drop, stranger, replied the woman. ?; .' But a gentleman told me you hud a barrel.' Why, good gracious replied the woman, ' what do you, reckon a barrel of whisky is to me and my ohildren' when wo, aro out of milk t' . Frenchmen and Germans. — Tho Nord Deatsche Zeitung publishes ; thp follbwihg remark8 whitjh are set . forth , prominontly , in its front pages - Complaints 1 reach1 us daily 0f tho treatment and annoyance ' to which Germans aro 1 at present exposed in France, and particularly 'jn 1 ' Paris. Bankers are discharging their Gorman clerks, who havo reiulerod thorn valnablo services duriug many yearVand manufacturers declare that they will heiicofortb receivo no German workmen into their establishments.' ? But beyond thiB the Asademiea and tho learned bodies,.* the. rulers and tho homos of French soionco, make hostile demonstrations, against' ; Germany by announcing '7 that', 'in'.', fu'-ure no Gorman correspondents, will bo, admitted into tbe universal , Republic of . Savants. All 'theee I manifestations, more or less petty, can only be 'regarded with regret, as symp oms of the spirit ; - v that will prevail in1 future, and, against whiih ia ' definitively concluding peace', wo must ob'taia' ' securities.' But the 'Frenoh,' -and, especially the?.: Parisians, ,are going still further; in thia'potty ' welfare, by w.ich they.. continuo ,,thogreat ; war, wnicn -s now at; an, end;' .They have; indulged iu p'mduct towards';, Germans ; wlip'Wo''! ' returned to France to- arrange , their basinc-a affairs,- or to, resume their' commercial operations suoh as all oivilized nations,, regard MjsoL ;permissable even in a time 'of war. They hav0 prevented Germans from re-opening their shops they. have, wrecked - the establishment of. one German at least ; they . havel'refused tor allow other .Germans to enter tlio,' Bourse'; they have imprisoned inoffensive Germans solely on acoount of their nationality.; We havo concluded peaoa ?-»/) mo niAint.M L ' . 1 ' ' . ijeauu uonostiy and in all sincerity, but still it must be ondeistood to bo on condition .'that tho Frenoh also shall observe it. If, however, .the abuses, , of, whVoh.we ? complain are not speedily, terminated, j| t|j0 French - Government -fails' -to protebt poaceablo'' Germans who ha've infringed no French' layy, WQ shall be obliged ...to. adopt 'some retaliatory measures.' Commenting upon tbe. abova the Soir of Paris observes:—'- Wo owe nothing to ' the Germans, who, returns to Franco' to .. mat,, . money out of us after having noted as against us, beyond' safety to life ^aud property »nd freedom to move about. The Government knows , that as well as privam individuals, and is disposed ' lo cause tho laws to be observed. But as to again giving to .Germans, our esteem, aud' consideration, and' renewing with thorn eomntoroial relations to our o'wu detriment, that .concerns oar , selves and not tho Governmenti and- all tbe Chancelleries in the world will not be able to modify the fooling of the French nation on that .points' - - - . , Servant's Dresses.—^ The Saturday Review : declares that a reform in the dress of lower class femalos.' and maid servants in particular can only bo brought about in one way. The reaction in favour of a neat and'simple style must come from above, and oot.from below; in the way of examnle. not neroent.v Whim '? nf position and fortune' ' cease to lavish their thousands on; millinery, their copyists in the nursery and . kitchen will cense to spend their wages on a similar object. The ohief incentive to showy dress ; among the ' lower order, of females' ' iB unquestionably a desire to apo tho extravagance of their bettfers. ? Remove that incentive, and thn «vil whinh n ' fllnrnnmin'o Wife' so forcibly do'plores will soon care itself, B It is to.be hoped that she may bo induotd, to turn B her reforming zeal into another ; direction. M Instead of indulging in childish prolcots for ? putting: tha Sunday Bohool,; and the- ohurch I singers, and'maid Servants, and the lower order ? of females generally,' into uniforms, lot 'her I attack the' mischief at its root, nnd; persuade tlie Kg fine ladjosr of the' earth tb Votirtail their mons'troM ? prodigality and immodest,., vagaries;, in, diss's' 1 Let her add 'her' warning; voice to-- that of tbo | head of Latin .Christianity, who,' has reoently denounced thiB scandal of the age with the sane 1 perennial vigour that characterises his anathemas on tbe Subalpino. Goyornmont, : ?, ' Female EpuOAmiN. — The system of female .| education, as it now stands, aims only at embej; ; lishing a few years ,of life, jwhiph aro inthemeolvcB || so -full of pleasure arid happiness that tbej hardly ,] need it, and then' leaves' the' rest bf 'ekiitence a [i'j miserable prey to vacancy and idlo insigniflcanco. The real object of education is' to givo obildrea ;j resouroe that will endure, as long endures, jj habits that time will ameliorate, not destroy, occupations that .will render sickness tolerable, a solitude pleasant, ago, venerable,; life/1 moio a dignified and useful; arid death less terrible.-^-Kef- | Sydney, Smith. , , . ! . v ? -\\- ) I Striking Time.— As a - gentleman ;, wai || walking the streets of Washington the other | night he ' was ; acoosted by three rsffians who / protended to be druuk, and asked him the timo of \ the night. . 'I will toll you,'? said he,' in hii blandest tones. Placing his hands in one of hi' Dockets . as if to draw out his timepiece, and drawing -forth a/revolver.' instead,, he presented | the latter,' and ooblly remarked, It is going to 5 strike ' three! ' ' The ruffians vanished in on | instant, ? ? ? ? i A Bet on the War. — ' At the - very . co'mmencoaient of the war,' says' M.Forgues, ''1 , met M. Giistava Dore, and we disoussed Ml chances of Bijccess. He wha positive we should take'tho Ebine provinots ; I was equally sure wa should not. I will bet, I said, a complete edition of -my works against a- complete edition of yout» that We do not acquire them. Alas 1 be lest, alio thd bot has been paid: I now possess all M'DoreJ ; woiks, and I never received anything so valuable i wi^h so. much regret'.' , . , , | ' An advertisement was sent ; to, the o&ceoh; \ western newspaper, in whioh -occarroditho^nains ^ of a' book— ' The Christian's Dream; -No Cross, No- Crown.' The blundering compositor '-8'0 | it rtad— ' The,' Christian's ' Dream ; Nd; Cow» | No Cream:' . , n ^ jj Printed and'PuUiehed by theVropne'tprs.AiioBiiAUi OAMi'iiKLii and Josei'h .Haiit, it- fas n wAUBAMEridBBt/'QenofalLotterPreMPn I Hj ' Offioo,. coirioro^ thi»Marl!(!t-a(iu(iVe, Wou-'s8H» ? \- IlUwarrai oul'^uo3doy1 Juno^ Gtb, 1871* ' 