As anticipated, there is little 'or no excitement na rogards the olection for Wido Bay. There seeras no likelihood of any opposition to Mr. H, E. King, bnt it is not quito an impossibility that tho Ministerial party will put forward a candidate at the last moment, if morely for the purpose of -finding bttt;how far petty local dissensions and joalouaies — some of whioh have boen fomented by the Ministry, wil fully or otherwise- — would affect the contest, with a view to a futnro campaign — a la Prusso. Our political experience of the pro sent Government has' impressed us with their resemblance to the Heathon Ohinee :-— '? ' That for way a that nro dark , And for tricks that aro vain.' they aro certainly most.' poculiar' in refer enco to elections. But thoy, have not tho ghost of a chance in this eleotion. Wo have heard a whisper that a locnl man has ex pressed an intention of onoe more making his bow to the electors ; we won't montion names, for our information is not particularly reliable, but if tho rumour bo true, tho local residout certainly deserves the distinotivo appellation long awarded to him — 'The Irrepressible.' Mr. King has not addressed tfye electors, simply becuuso bis opinions are well-known, and thoro has boon no publio dosiro to cate ohise him boforo nomination day, when there will be ample opportunity fora large majority of tho electors to do so.' iVo havo thought it atlvisnblo to reprint in ihe presnnt iasue of this journnl an article on i subject which: shonld be, and is, peculiarly nteresting to all Gympie miners at the pro. jont time ; wo moan tho one on 'The Ex. iraction of Gold in Iron Pyrites.' It was with a vjew to tho interchange and publication sf accumulated oxperiotice ol tho kind givou in the article roforred to that wo advocated the formation of a Minors' Association Bomo time ago ; the apparent failure of our well, moant offort will not bo bo disappointing to u.8 if 'wo are enabled to frequently secure published information on mining industries of a valuable character, and present them to our readers. And wo trust that we may thnB arouse a strong spirit; of inquiry nnd . eagor interost in such subjects, -for to this feeling is due in a very great degree all re form and improvonaonts in. the mechanical department of gold-mining. Just now, when there is considerable agitation on the subject of_ improved omshing- machinei'y, the com. miinity will doubtloss be on the nlort to examine the deliberately nnd carefully ex pressed opinions of a practical and Bcientifio than, such as .Mr. Thompson appears to bo. Mauy of bis ideas aro calculated specially to arrest the attention of the Gy.mpio..mine.' ovyriors ; for instance, the opinion in connection' with the reduction of quartz, that ' even witlr' the iEST appliances known, there will be .? considerable loss.' With our admittedly imperfect machinery, .what. then most be ihe' waste of gold! What folly of us to.be' con tent with tho old primitive jojr-trot style o^ . extracting the. precious metal? It is abso lutely suicidal. We find that Mr. Tho'nipson '? makes a keen and shrewd remark, undoubt edly -based upon experience, on a subject ''- which is now warmly debated amongst mining circles here ; and wo call special attention to it. Spenking of tho crushing machines al lowing the tailings, &c.;, to run to waste, he says :— . ? ? ; The principal oanne of this negloot arises from tho pruBhing being carried en as a separate hnainess ' ffaih the mining. Tho parties oruahing for hiro dare nolattompt to make nao ofthe tailings, or even aokaowlodgo they are Ipsing gpld whioh might bo siivod, for, fear of arousing tho jealousy of. Iho minors, 'and so injuring thoir business ; and tha minors wpnld, generally prefer to bbo the tailings run to waste rathor than soo tbo oruaher profit by roworking them. The aggregate lossto tho coun try arising from HhiB nogloot mast amount to a largo, sum per annum, and as tho tailings from oaoh BmdUparoul -if quartz could not bo tronted separ ately, except at a gr.oatly inoronsod oost, it. would ?bo muoh better if the orushers would ngroo to give, and Iho miners to acoopt, a fixod sum por ton for tho tailings. .. ? ? ? This observation leads us fo aremombrance of the fact that a lease of the bed of the Mary River, close to two of the machines, and consequently likely to contain a' great deal of auriferous pyrites, has been applied for, the intentions of the applicants being obvious. ? Not only in this matter of saving pyrites would wo have a thorough aud ex liuustive discussion carried on ; there are kindred matters which it would be worth while. to inqnire'into — the quality and pro perties of the wnter used in qnartz-crnshing lor example. We are told that it hiis been proved by experiment that there are kinds of water which, through holding certain minerals in. solution, interfere seriously, with the.nper. ation of amaljratuatirig.-. Let us strike': the iron while it is hot; let us, inquire intel|i. srently into. this and all other mutters affect ing1 the mining industry so vitally.. . LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. . Although there does not ncom to be muoh' interest feh in tho election, probnbly there will he an eztou sivo ' roll-np' io the Court-bonao ut noon to-day, when 'tho Humiliation will take place. Mr..King Will vory piobably avail hiriisolf of tho oppori unity of ventilating his opinions on tho present siiftw of publio manors ; and from. tho tono of his puhliahed address, there is likely to b» some hard Kitting. , A NAUonTV, Nauqhty, Man. — Mr. Wnlnh, after his narrow escape from a defeat; at Maryboroush, has boon coating shoops1 eyes at other constitneDoios. Firat he paid his addressos to Ipswioh with' much sucoosB ; on popping tho question ho was probably ' roferrod to papa'— -Mr.. Cribb.' Oar eligible young friend afterwards visited Maryborough, tli(?,- _ object of his first Jove, and sighed to thick how sadly her young and gushing affections had boon aliooatod from him. Even the paternal prcsonooof his ' govariior' seomod to have no offoot upon his ' belovod.' W. FT.'thon prooeeded northwnrd, and (nln's, for tho fin'thioasnoBs of ninn !) forgetting hia flirtation with Ipawioh, who gavo-him ' overy en couragement,' and who cortainly . had rooson to suppose that be ' meant something,' he has been y paying marked attentions to Kockhampton, atton tions whioh no constituency of common perception could miBtuke. ,,At the roooption pf his 'governor' the gay aud gallant Minister spoke as follows.— ' No other town itS tho colony could givo an ova tion* snohna ho had soon that ovoning — all tho viiripuB inthreBtB uniting in paying rospoot tp their Governor. Ho had thought that go placo in tho colony could boat Maryborough iu that rospoot. (Oh! oh! and langhtor.) Bat he must admit the numorioal superiority of Rookhnmpton, and that by sheer foice of numbors thoy oxcoodod the.: town which ho regardod almoBt as bis nntivo. place Aftor -this he should oudoavonr to represBnt, not pnly Marybprougb, but also Rookhamptpn. .? (Grout ohoers.)' Mr. Walsh seems likoly to prove a polifi- , oal flirt of tho first wator. No doubt, as it is qnite oloar that he is ' off with tho old love,' lie.ia most anxious to bo ' on with tho new.' . . . ., ' Tho English Mail arrived last evening, .bafc,ioon. sistenlly with a duo attention to looal_ matter, wo are uuablo to mako any quotations in this issue. .. .. At tho sitting of-tho Petty Dob'ls Court held on Monday last, his Worship the Pence. Magistrate proaided. Thoro woro only tbrpo oases on tho list whioh were disposod of as lollows :— Sponoor 0. Tebbutt v. H. W. Dnriotz.— Aotion-. to rooovor £.10 2s. 6d.; for work and labor done.- .After ovidonoo had boon given for both sides, plaintiffs sojioitor, Mr, O'DonnolI, elobted to be nonsuited with: Cs. oests of Court and '12s. professional costs. Mr. Tozor for dofondant.— George W. Gay nor v. T.;E.D. Byrno. — Goods Bold, £9 9e. Od. ? Adjournod. nntil tho following day, whec ', defendant ngreod to a verdiot for the plnintift'for tho amount claimod-i fls. oostB of Court and 10s. for witnoasoa cxponsos woro , allowed. Mr. Tozor for plaintiff.— J. flutohiusv, Londy, Kolly, and others.— Action lb reooyer £15, valuo pf hprso allogod to bo illogally detained. This oaso was adjournod until .the firBt Dooember sittings . of tbo Court to enable additional evidenoo to tlmo given for both sidos tb bo prpdurod. Mr. Tozerfor plaintiff. - ? ?. ' . Ravon'swood is a go-ahead place. The editor of the local paper, Mr. .Byrne, bpsidos being abnsoa and assaulted, has boon had np for defamation of oharaotor,' damnges £30 (case dismissed.) A seoona oaso pf tho Bamo kind was, withdrawn. .... ? ? Wo notice that tho old Mining Exchange Hotel, familiar to old Gympio residents ns ' Parloy b,jW Buooumbod to tbo pr'ovisions of tho Goldflolds Town Lands Aot— olastio as tho said provisions appear W bo when applied to other oases. Mr. Hendry.s nno hotel now occupies a roully va'uablo oornor, allot ment. Tho vacant spaoo, the Bp-callod ' street, interBooting Mary-stroot, is io a very dnngorous oondition owing tp tho existonco of a largo, doop holo. Wo hopo this mnn-trap will bo filled up before BPmo unfortunato horseman falls into it andlPSQS bM lire— or as soon after that ovont as may be oonvo niout. to tho Department of Public Works. [Sinos the above w«h written somo bonovolcnt townBmnn .. has railed, in tho holo. Still, it is an ngly pitfall oven now.] . .. ; Duriuj? tlio thuudorstbrnv thixt^ -took -pliiee /on' Friday if ornooii last a vnluablb whim hnroa Witolio'd. t thoolttim No. 1 north, Smithflold,' wnst liiglitonoir j1T n ilusliVof lightning, nndr in'.' bnukiilg', -foil off thoffUlm \valk of- tlin olnim and 'broke its log. :Tlio nnini'1 WI1S n''wl'wluds shot. This nnlprLnniitb ncoWont fulls rnthor heavily oil tho ovvuera of tlio claim ns, wo uiulorstand, that.tho ho.rso'waa loi'it to thorn by 'i° proprtotors of tho'proapqotingblniin, TlioOno-milo Boat! oortuiiily noods 'repair.iiig in scvorol jilnoos, os]-ocinlly thV crossings '.'over thb two small gullios noor Iho .Oiio-milo township;' Not loric ngo uno of thpao plntVos iviis iti iV vory 'dfirigor- one i state, but 'ainoo than it has boon put in bbtttor rdor_by tlio rosidonta in Iho vicinity, wo prosuiho. Tlio Oovuruniout .lins Imply bIuiwii n duairo to donl moro fairly with Uympio, nud wo thoroforo trust that it will nt onoe soe tho nooos'Bily' of ollboting thb repairs no urgently rotjuirod, oapooially na tho ooat ?woutdnot bo heavy. Thisian voryrquaQnabloi'iiqnosi, 1 1iaio'bf-'nff a great doal of tratlio ou tho road ,jn nrtb'stion, and' tlio priuoipiil rofifs uoins .aitadlod in. ,nd oronnd inn looulity to wliiuh it iouda; ,:; ' . ' It will bo obBerviiil lliiit. ' Furrow' takes bis iarii ?wbll of tho goldfloU. JIaiiy rosidanta ivill bo'8ony; to hear of hie intontion, mid will for eomti timo miss, the uninusical but vigoroim porfurmnnnns on thn hugle with' .wliiuh tho supply of tho (itjmpii Timos, Queansinndor, and Maryborough Chronicle,- ('jnat arrived') have boon horalded. VVo' beliuvo1 our enorgatic uuws-nRuul shortly dopurts to ihut bourno; from whioh, no doubt, mnnytravollors will ..return.)' to wit, Gulgong. There bus 'boon aomo talk of pro etmting him with -sumo t'okou of the BfU'sluouoii of. tho -pnliHo .with tho lionost and obliging '-.. way in irbioh lio,li'8 followed his uvoouiion j tuu pruposod teptimoniol has boen wo\Ulosorved. : . S. Tlmro WhS a Imgo attendnnoo of visitors to tho. ' Varieties ou tho ueuasion' of tho lust exhibition of tho Aiiiorioaii Dionttita ou Snurdiiy Just, -add tho eittertaibihont pnssecl off vory woll.. . ? . ; i Soverhl rumours -of 'now rushes', have gninod 'unrronoy in. this town daring Iho hist two or throo wool's, bnt, strungo to say, no reliable particulars / oondoruing lliem can bo obtained, and wo must % tlioreforo'presumo 'that no rent rushes havo ttikon place. ' ? We understand that M-;.Andorson, : District In spootor of Schools under tho ..Board of I'jdu'oa'iou, orrivod jostorduy, nnd will: on Monday next oxa Diino the childrcu intending the Gytnpio Nulionul ??SohOOl. . ' ' ?'? , '??:'. ? A telegram in tbo Courier stales that Bqavon, tho ?csenped convict from St. Ilolena; ' was arrostod at Wnrwick on tho afcornoou uf iho 29lh ulio. by tbo \- .p:lli08. . ? ' ????;? :.!.'.'? .? ,-.?.!' Most of onr readers will boo a oririons coincidence in the follotvitrfc, -winch; *vo tiiko from tho OvUgong ?Qvardian : — On Monday lust., the' butohora having previously hold u ,'' oaiious,'', agreed to' inorruso tho price of beef to sixpence per iioiind. This riso in ibeof created quite u Beusation iu domostia niroles, Uousunivos gavu iho butohora' man a ' bit of their minil,' when ho uullud for orders, and tho miner whou bo wont for his mid-duy sixponuorth, and in' Btcuil of getting the usual pound ami a half, only got ?a pound, gave ? vent to hia opinion on the riao in ?lnuguage not to be uiisundurslood. Largo consum ers talkod ofstarlihq; a oo-oporative bntohory, but oncnlm consideration could not soo iheirway. Tho foeling of the meat o'onsnmors found vent in tho Britou's . Bafoty vulvo for all giiovanoes — a publio .meeting. At this meeting tho irrepressible Cour tis, bollmnn and ex- watchman, bold forth in nongo uiiil oloquouco, aud movod a resolution to iho oQoct that tbo buichora should reduce tho price of moat, ondor tlio throat tlml tho miners will liot oat any until tliey do. Rnin oominp on, Ihu rauoting dis ported. Whether it was iho threnl mndo, or the eloqaeiico of tlin oampanolofiist, caused tho change, ?ourtuin ii is ihut »omo of the rotail vendors of moat lowered the prices, which lias resulted in the moat ?boing now sold at Wircopenco instoad of /ourponce ; ao that out of evil oft cnmel.h good. We think that ?Biipcnco pur Ib. for boof is coining it too strong, enpcoinlly whnn it onn bo sold in Sydjiey much cheaper, where tbnro is rent and taxeR In pay, as woll as fuel and water to buy. If selling. moat at fonrponeo per Ib. dotis not. pay in Mudgeb, wo can ?only any it ought., lu ihodo hurd times butohors ought to mnko nn elfort not to ptnnli tlio pnekota ofoou 'Samers, elso their customers must pinch their 'bellies— a catastruphd. not to be thought of. In the caso Pears v. Coxoti, lately hoard boforo the Supremo Court., an important (Incision was ?given. Mr. JiiKticn Ijutwyaha said, ' flo# was of ?opiniou that i ho depart mental notions worb simply ?Oliico roKUlutiuus, nor. liinding on t.ho Goveriimotit ;flB a whole, not. binding on tho otfioov who mido ?them, and not binding onhis piincnRRnr.' In rnfer. ?enceto this iho Courier remarks : — From the state tnont inado in that caso it appeared that at throe iBevoral timos certain notifications had issuod from tlio Public Lnnds olfino, purporting ou oaoh occasiou ?to bo that ' tho Governor with advioo of tho Exocn ?tiyo Council' hnd boon plcnsod to direct certain tilings to be dotio in a curtnin way. That tho Rocond contradicted and nolliltod tho 6rst, aud that the third extended tho socond is not of muoh moment. Suchliltlo oooeutneities aro common in the colonies —and elsotvhoro too for tbut mutter. ? But when the ?eiaot value of thoso notifications pamo to be osti ^Inatod by the Judges, a very curious oonfnsion was v 'the result. What was doubtful became tho oor ;tainty of uncertainty, and all that oan now be said |b that nobody is or can ba.sure of anything touch ing any ^matter on whioh ' His Exoollenoy the governor, with tho ndvico of iho Exocutivo Council, iia pleased to direot.' ? ? ? Wo have reason to boliovo that good news will soon bo hoard relating to auriferous country, both ?* .alluvial and reefing, thnt is nllogud to havo boon 'discovored in tho neighbourhood of Dartmoor. There is somo hitch with rospeot to tho Toward. 'Tho prospeotors, who havo been a Ion? timo nt work, aro unwilling to disoloso thoir valuable iufor mntion without somo paouuiary'rocomponse ; the ?present aystom of rewarding merely boiug extondod area of claims, is nnsatiafaotory to thorn, as wo bo ?liave it is to all prospootors. It is a. groat pity that tho altempt made in the last session to establish a ?system of pecuniary rewards was not suocessful. Till something more definite is known it would bo folly for auy person to visit tho place. — Northern Paper, If tho rosnlt of the polling for Iho. Mitohoil bo na ?our Brisbano correspondent gives it, wo can almost ?eiouBe Mr. Handy in using woll.spiced expletives. So rido a thousand miles and waste two months' ?valuable timo in an electioneering contest, would bo pwoking enough to any man, but to a barrister accustomed to liboral rotainors and daily refreshers, the treatment Mr. Handy received must havo been ?simply oxasperating. — Ibid. 