THEATRE ROTAL. " Lucretia Borgia" was played on Saturday nigh at the Theatre Royal to a house tolerably well filled in all parts, with the exception of the dress eirrle Mrs Marv Gladstone- ihonvh fnilv can. able of delineating the terrible and infamous passions attributed to the celebrated Lucretia Borgia, could scarcely be said to have achieved as great a success is this rile as in many others of a historical character with which her name is asso ciated. Tbe fault lies not in the lady, but in the play itself. Apart from its having little interest for tba English mind, perhaps in the whole reuge of tbe drama there is hardly a piece possessing such inherent faults, and so many and glaring violations of historical truth. However admirably adapted for the purposes of an opera, the inci dents and characters do not appeal so powerfully to the feelings when presented in a dramatic form. The language is stilted, pointless, and artificial, and calculated to bring out all the defects of an ordinary actor. The effect produced, Instead of being thrilling, is often ludicrous, and tbe most striking situations are msiTed by the mock heroic exaggerated style in which they are conceived. I The Lucretia de picted is the incarnation of all the rices which branded the family of the Bozgdas with infamy. There is one redeeming trait, however, remaining, and that perhaps the holies tin our nature — namely, the tenderness of a mother for her child. In the pursuit of tbe gratification of a passion not at all maternal, she follows and is thrown in contact with Gennsro, a young soldier (Mr Monro), who, accompanied by s num ber of gallants, has been sent to Ferrers on an embassy from Venice. All Italy at the rime is supposed to be ringing with tbe recital of the crimes and Immoralities of Pope Alexander VI . and Ids hopeful sou and daughter (Cssar and Lucretia Borgia), and naturally they form the theme of conversation amongst tbe strangers on arriving in the city, where Lucretia eras then the Duchess of Ferrara. Gennaro falls asleep while his companions converse; and on their taking their departure, the Duchess enters masked, and seems struck by his eppearanoe. While indulging in some raptures, Gubetta (Mr Dunn) appears, and a characteristic dialogue ensues, in which all the worst phases of the character of each are pour- trayed. The Duchess, however, seems overcome by her better feelings, countermands the order for assassination of several notabilities, and, to the great disgust of her accomplice, declares her determination to abandon her virions course of life. _ Gennsro awakes, and proceeds to make his protestations of - admiration,- when his friends arrive, tear tbe - mask from Lucretia, and denounce her despite her entreaties. Gennaro haa conceived the most ardent attach ment for bis mother, whom he has never seen, whose identity is shrouded in mystery, and who is oniy an own to him through the medium of her letters. In the course of an interview with tbe youngsoldier, Lucretia discovers that he is her son, but she conceals her knowledge of tbe fact. Subsequently Gennsro end hie friends issnlt the Duchess by mutilating the name of Borgia over tbe entrance of the Ducal Palace. The Duchess vowe vengeance, and Gennaro bring arrested by the Duke is sentenced to death, though contrary to the wishes of Lucretia He ta presented by the Duke with a cup of poisoned wine which be drinks. He is saved, however, by an antidote given him by the Dockets, and he escapes to Venice. Gubetta follows thither, and contrives to prison Gennaro, Maffeo Oreini, and tkrir friende, the Duchess entering in time to see their dying agonies. She finds her eon unex pectedly amongst the number of those poisoned, upon whifch she falls into a paroxysm of grief, and criee to Gennaro to take the antidote. He prefers to perish with his friends, upon which she stabs Gubetta, and Is herself atabbed by Gennaro, her last words being the disclosure of the secret of his birth. . Such wholesale havoc amongst the char acters of the piece surpasses almost that in « Titos Androntena." Mrs Gladstone, whether-os the ten der mothtr, the wife entreating for a favor at tbe bands of the Duke, the woman burning , with indignation from a sense.of injury and insult, or the cold blooded, heartless prisoner and assassin, acted with her accnatomed power, and by iter rendering deprived the character of most of its revolting nnnaturalness. Mr Dunne as Gnbetta, appeared highly appreciated, and it rnnst be admitted his humorous concep tion of the character was relief to the monotonous horrors and the lugubrious tone assumed by the others. Mr Monro, as Gennaro, -did little to alter the already expressed opinion as to his ability as an actor. Tbe other mrta -are subordinate, and were only filled with average encceaa. - The performance with " A Ghost in Spite of Himself." To-night " Man and Wife " will be produced. 