CITY CORRESPONDENCE. I [From our own CorrestKHidenfc.l Adelaifls, June^J.871 An interesting case of "trying it on" Jtas -jnsfe received publicity through the Local Court. The public have long had an impression that thenraja of the Exchange are in many respects crooked ways; that sharebrokers and sharebroking are inventions for the punishment of the unwaty; and that the highest moral coda ia not practised amongst tliose who dabble in scrip. The. case to which I refer affords a good deal of confirmation to this. If I mistake not, an outline of the facts was given you some time ago; but as the names may now be mentioned, a recapitulation of these will not be amiss. It was whilst the feud between the Adelaide and the Provincial Gas Company was in its warmest stage that Mr. Frank Eymill conceived the idea of affecting the market for the shares of the latter by offering to sell at a low figure. With this view he secured the services of the indefatigable Mr. Longson, who after a brisk canvass obtained a purchaser in the Hon. John Hodgkiss, a Director of the Provincial Company. Bymill wanted 40/ a share; Hodgkiss generously agreed to give 42/—the extra 2/ being destined for the pockets of Iiongson and a second broker, Mr. Kekwick. Hodgkiss, in order, as he now explains, to avoid buying from a fellow Director, demanded that the name of the seller should be given. Longson communicated tins fact to Eymill,-who intimated that he would not - give up the name. The next .day Hodgkiss con sented to purchase, and the needful documents were drawn up ; bat Eymill declined to deliver, assigning as his justification the impertinent question put by Longson the previous day. Argument and remonstrance alike failed to shake his resolution, and there was no alternative but to appeal to the law. Proceedings were taken in the Local Court of Full Jurisdiction, damages being laid at £100. Mr. Way - attended "for Hodgkiss, the plaintiff; Mr. Stow for Eymill, the defendant. Evidence was led to 6how the facte, and then the defendant insisted upon being pnt in the box to give his version of the afiair. As in some other memorable cases, this was the most unfortunate move of the day. The witness could not stand cross- examination, but boggled in his statement, and the Court gave judgment for £55; What is worse still, they decided* on a direct issue between the credibility of Longson and Eymill, that the former was more worthy of belief. Armed with such a testimonial, Iiongson, who intends bringing an action against Eymill for commission, will be invincible. Before the little affair is allowed to die out Mr. Eymill will probably have had to pay some £80 or £90. It will be a lesson to him to be above-board in- his dealings. There can be little doubt, as the transaction took place in anticipation of a meeting - of the Provincial Gas Company, that the desire was to affect the market for its shares^ andithus to embarrass the Directors in their competition with the South Australian Company. That it has miscarried of itB object is clearly proved by the fact that since the offer was «ni| accepted, and then receded from by the seller for the simple reason that he had not the shares to deliver, the Provincial shares have risen in price, and transactions in fhtvm lmm been greatly enlivened. The Glenelg Railway promoters are .beginning to feel very anxious about their bantling. ' Weeks have elapsed since they lannohed the scheme, which they sanguinely hoped would receive the moderate endorsement of capitalists^ and now they have to to resort to the expedient of calling public meetings to get up an interest in the undertaking. Whether the backwardness of moneyed men is due to distrust of the calculations of Mr. Boothby, or to that apathy which in a general way affords excuse enough for inanition in South Australia, it iB difficult to say. The Glenelg people "who talked the thing over last night are profoundly impressed with the impor tance of the work, and are convinced that it will do all that its supporters hope it will do. They declare emphatically that it will hare the effect of largely increasing the population of the Bay; that it mil induce clerks, shopmen, and others whose sedentary occupations render seaside air a most desirable thing for them, to take up their abode at Olenelg; and will, in fact, render that township a mere suburb of Adelaide, The apostlesllip of this creed has been conferred upon a very worthy young man, Mr. Arthur Boyle, J who is now engaged on the important work of canvassing for shareholders. He has hit upon the expedient of tempting the employes of large firms to take a share each by the promise of a free excursion ticket on. the day of opening the line. The consideration is certainly not great, but it may tell, and in any case the idea is a good one. In fact, die futile brain of Mr. Boyle teems with expedients. Uo thing comes amiss to him. He is equally at home in promoting silver, gold, copper, or bismuth mines, railways or tram way companies, silk societies or urine associations; and it must be confessed that he shows a special aptitude for the work such as few possess. It is to be hoped that his efforts in respect of the railway will be successful, for the undertaking is one that private enterprize should readily take in hand; There is every reason to expect at a very early period a handsome profit upon the outlay— that is to say, if Mr. Boothby's estimate of £22,000 for construction is at all near the mark. The husbands of deceased wives' sisters can breathe freely at last. The earnest appeals and representations of South Australia, joined with the action taken at home, have softened the stony heart of the Secretary of State, and with a < generosity which does him credit he has with drawn his advice to Her Majesty to disallow the Deceased's Wife's Sister's Marriage Bill, and has tendered in its stead a recommendation in favour of meeting the wishes of the colonists. The mail brought the gratifying announcement that the measure had been assented to—the Crown law officers having magnanimously over ruled the point taken by our Attorney-General, that its provisions were repugnant to the law of England. A very few years will prove whether the concession tardily granted by the home authorities -mil be accompanied by those national disasters which Mr. Bright so feelingly depicted as the necessary adjuncts to a system whereby a man eoold marry piecemeal a whole family of daughters. For myself I always have and always will contend that one wife from a family should be enough to satisfy any moderate man. It is true (as forcibly put by Mr. Strangways) that marrying two sisters only involves one mother-in-law; but mOBt men feel it & very desirable thing to make a change in the mother in-law department as soon as possible, and not perpetuate the alliance to one by entering into matrimonial engagements with other daughters. One' of the small grains of comfort to be ex extracted from such a terrible domestic calamity as the loss of a wife is, that it weakens the claims of the wife's mother upon the bereaved husband. The controversy between Mr. TomMnson and I Mr. Parsons has dosed, and the latter has, after . all, had the last word. The combatants have < parted witi' mutual compassion towards each others weaknesses,' and mutual indignation at each others wrongheadedness. Shakespeare's ghost has retired to the shades, which he ought never to have quitted. Whether they are the winfe shades, or the more sequestered retreats in j which the spirit of the bard of Avon is popularly , supposed to be reposing, I leave him to explain. I ought scarely to have said that the controversy has been closed, for it has blossomed forth into a debate upon capital punishment, an inexhaustible subject for Young Men's Debating Societies and eloquent correspondents. I am glad to see that the Register has manfully put its foot upon a brood of aspirants to literary distinction, includ ing " Index," " X," and many more who have assumed equally significant appellatives, and I hope when the unfortunates appeal for justice to j the Advertiser, w in all probability they will do, a similarly repressive policy will be adopted j towards them. | The Ministry have brought themselves up to | the scratch, and the Gazette of this week will ! definitely convene Parliament for the dispatch of ; business on July 28. By long usage, the last j ^Friday in July has become the recognized meet- j ing time, and the Government cannot be blamed for keeping the representatives of the people apart until then. Whatever be the date of assembly, time enough will be found for the full Parliamentary measure of talk. 