ANOTHER TRUE GHOST STORY. A Wellington (New Zealand) paper of the 29th May tells the following ghost story : A few evenings ago a younger lady who occupies the same sleeping apartment, but not the same bed, with a young sister, had retired to rest shortly before midnight. The younger sister had been asleep for some time. The elder sister's bed stood in front of a window, at some little distance from it a chair stood between the bed and the window. The young lady was lying on her side, with her face to the window, on the point of dropping off to sleep, and, as she avers, without the remotest thought of ghost or goblin crossing her mind, when suddenly she became aware of something like a dim shadow being cast across her eyes ; she started, and turned quickly round to find herself confronted by a tall gentleman, dressed in black coat and trowsers, wearing a white waistcoat with black spots, and gloves on his hands, half leaning over her. His figure and features were clearly limited against the window, and she instantly recognised the face of a gentleman formerly a resident of Wellington, deceased some twelve months or so. Her look was only momentary, but it was clear; and filled with terror, she screamed repeatedly to her sister, who after some little time awoke. The ghost disappeared at the first sound of her voice, and she was too much agitated to observe which way it went. The younger sister asked what was the matter; the elder sister replied by desiring her to come into the other bed, and she would tell the cause of her trouble in the morning. Having lain down beside her the younger sister continued to press the elder with questions as to what she had seen or heard, at last asking her whether she had not seen a man in the room. To this the elder replied that she had, when the younger rejoined, "Then I know who it was it was Mr.-." mentioning the name of the very man whom her sister had seen. Much surprised, the elder asked, "Did you see him too, then?" "No," said the younger ; but while I was asleep the impression was borne vividly on my mind that he was in the room." On being subsequently questioned how she came to think that the party she named was in the room, she said she could not tell, and had not thought of him before since his death ; but she seemed to know intuitively that he was present, without feeling the alarm that was exhibited by her sister. 