SHE DIDNA KEN HER SON. IN a little post town among the Highlands of Scotland, far away from any great city, there lived a few years ago, a woman much respected and well beloved, though of humble fortune one Mrs. Jean Andenon. She had been left a widow, with one son, the youngest and laat of several children. SJie was poor and her industry was taxed to the utmost to keep herself and son, a fine, clever lad, but she gave him the education be ardently desired. At the early age of sixteen, Malcolm Anderson resolved to seek his fortune in the wide world and became a sailor. He made several voyages to India and China, and always, like the good boy he was, brought some useful present home to his mother, to whom he gave a large portion of his earnings. But he never liked a seafaring life, though he grew strong and stalwart in it; and when about nineteen he obtained a position in a large mer cantile house in Calcutta, where being shrewd, enterprising and honest, like most of his country men, he gradually rose to a place of trust and importance, and finally to a partnership. As his fortune I -proved he remitted money to his mothe:-. o secure her the old cottage home, re paired ud enlarged with a garden and lawn; and priced at her command annually a sum sufficiijnt to meet all her wants, and to pay the wages of a faithful servant, or rather companion; for the brisk, independent old lady stoutly re fused to be served by any one. Entangled in business cares, Mr. Anderson never found time and freedom for a voy age and a visit home; till at last failing health and the necessity of educating his chil dren compelled him to abruptly wind up his affairs and return to Scotland. He was then a man somewhat over forty, but looking far older than his years, ahowing all the usual effects of the trying climate of India. He was grey and somewhat bald, with here and there a dash of white in his dark auburn beard; wsb thin, a little bent, but his youthful smile remained full of quiet drollery, and his eye had not lost its old and gleeful sparkle by poring over ledger and counting rupees. He had married a countrywoman, the daugh ter of a surgeon, and had two children, a son and a daughter. He did not write to his good mother that he was coming home, as he wished to surprise her, and test her memory of her sailor boy. The voyage was made in safety. One summer afternoon Mr. Malcolm Anderson arrived with hia family at hia native town. Pat ting up at a little inn, he proceeded to dress himself in a auit of Bailor clothes, and then walked out alone by a bypath he well knew, and then through a ahady lane, dear to hia nutting daya all unchanged, he approached hia mother's cottage. He stopped for a moment on the lawn outside to curb down the heart that was bound ing to meet that mother, and clear his eyes of a little mist of tears. Through the open window he caught a glimpse of her sitting alone at the spinning wheel, as in the old time. But alas! how changed! Bowed was the dear old form, once so erect, and silvered the locks so brown, and dimmed the ejes once ao full of tender brightness, like dew strained violets, but the voice, with which she was crooning softly to | herself, was still aweet, and there on her cheek ' the same lovely peach bloom of twenty years before. At length he knocked, and the dear remem bered voice called to him, "Coom ben!" come in. The widow rose at sight of the stranger and courteously offered him a chair. Thanking her in an assumed voice somewhat gruff, he sank down, as though wearied, saying he was a way farer, stranger to the country, and asked the way to the next town. The twilight favored him in his little ruse; he saw that ehe did not recog nise him even as one she had ever known. But after giving him the information he desired, she asked him if he were a Sootchman by birth. " Yea, madame," he replied, " but I have been away in foreign parta many yean. I doubt if my own mother would know me now, though she was very fond of me before I went to sea." " Ah, man! it's little ye ken about mithers that ye think sac. I can tell ye there is na mortal memory like theirs," the widow some what warmly replied; then added, " and where hae ye lost the Scotch free your speech ?" " In India—in Calcutta, madame." " Ay, then it's likely ye ken something of my son, Malcolm Andenon." " Andenon ?" repeated the visitor, as though stsiving to remember. " There are many of that name in Calcutta; bat is your son a merchant, a man about my age and size, with something snoh a figure-head ?" "My son is a rich merchant," replied the widow proudly, " bnt he is younger than you by many a long year, and, begging your pardon, sir, far bonnier. He is tall and straight, wi hands and feet like a lassie; he has brown, curling hair, sac thiok and glossy! and cheeks like the rose, and a broo like the raaw, and big blue een, wi' a glint in them, like the light o' the evening star. ''Na! na! ye are a gnde enongh laddie, I dinna doabt, and a decent woman's son, but yer no like mine." ' Here the masquerading merchant, consider ably taken down, made a movement as though to leave, but the hospitable dame stayed bim, saying, " Gin ye hae travelled a' the way frae India, ye maun be tired and hungry. Bide a bit, and eat and drink wi' as. Margery, come doon, and let us set out the supper." The two women soon prepared quite a temp ting repast, and all three sat down to it, Mrs. Anderson reverently asking a blessing. But the merchant could not eat. He was only hungry for his mother's kiss, only thinty for her joyful recognition; yet he could not bring himself to say to her—"l am your son." He asked him self, half grieved, half amused, " Where are the unerring natural instincts I hare read about in novels ?" His hostess seeing he did not eat, kindly asked if he could suggest anything he would be likely to relish. " I thank yon, madame," he answered, "it does seem to me that I should like some oatmeal porridge, suoh as my mother used to make, if so be yon have any." " Porridge P" repeated the widow. " Ah, he means parritch. Yea, we hae a little left fra our breakfast. Gie it to him, Margery. But, man, it's canld." " Never mind ; I know I shall like it," he re joined, taking the bowl, and beginning to stir the porridge with his spoon. As he did so Mrs. Andenon gave a start, and bent eagerly toward him. Then she sank back in her chair with a sigh, saying in answer to his questioning look, "Ye minded me o* my Malcom, then; just in that way he used to stir his parritch—gaeing it a whirl and a flirt. Ah! gin ye were my poor laddie ?" " Well, then, gin I were Malcolm," said the merchant, speaking for the first time in the Scottish dialect, and in his own voice; "or gin yer laddie were grey, and bent and as old as I am, could you welcome him to your arms aud love him as in the auld lang syne P Could ye mither." All through this touching little speech the widow's eyes had been glistening and her breath coming fast; but at that word " mither," she sprang up with a cry, tottering to her son, fell almost fainting on his breast. He kisßed her ; kissed her brow, and her lips, and her hands, and the big tears slid down hia bronzed cheeks, while she clung about hia neck and called him by all the dear old pet names, and tried to see in him the dear young looks. By-and-by they came back, or the ghosts of them came baok The form in her embrace grew comelier; love and joy gave it a second youth, stately aud gracious; the first she then and there buried deep in her heart, a sweet, beautiful, peculiar memory. It was a moment of solemn renuncia tion, in which she gave up the fond materna* illusion she had cherished so long. Then look ing up suddenly into the face of the middle aged man who had taken the place, she said: " Where hae ye left the wife and bairns ?" "At tbe inn, mother. Have you room for us at the cottage ?" " Indeed hae I—twa goid spare rooms wi' large closet, weel stocked wi' linen I hae been spinning or weaving a' these lang years for ye baith and the weans." " Well, mother, dear, now you must rest," re joined the merchant, tenderly. " Na, na, I donna care to rest till you lay me down to take my lang rest. There'll be time : enough between that day and the Resurrection to fauld my idleness. Now 'twould be uncoirk some. But go my eon and bring me the wife. | I hope I shall like her; and the bairns, I hope I they will like me." I have only to say that both the good woman's hopes were realised. A very happy family knelt down in prayer that night, and many nights after in tha wklow'e cottage, whose climbing roses and woodbines were but outward signs and typea of the sweetness and blessedness of the peace and love within. A Chinese funeral of the higher grade took place the other day at Ballarat. The only peculiar feature about it was the scattering of fragments of paper from the hearse, a custom which, we believe, denotes that the deceased has died honorably, with all his debts paid. His sins are thus scattered to all quarters. Many of the European colonists might take a lesson here. It is stated from Berlin that the Emperor's health is improving in a very satisfactory man ner. 