REVIEWING THE CANDIDATES. (To Vic L'Uitor of the Bcmlino Advertise)'. J Sir,—As a young teetotaler,—a convert of Mr. Burnett's—ami unaware of the tactics jf tlie torn nerance party, if such a combination exists, I have Leeu scratching my head ami conning over the phases of the present election, an regards the coltl •water movemont, ami havo been trying to chalk out. a courao whbh I ought to take myself, ami of course which I think every other tcctotulor should tnke, and after a grout de.il of brain Hteeping, and the in dulgence of several glasses of aqua puva, I have, as I think, wound myself out of the jnaze, and this, i* tho result. At present wo have in tho fluid, beside Mr. A; E. Moore, who couuts uil, the two old members—one of whom (Mr. Burrowes) has givon his unqualified adhesion to tho Permissive Jiill, and tho other (Mr. Mackay) hi* adhesion to the principlo of the Permissive Bill, and expressed his willingness to go a good deal further in that diroo* tion than tho present ghost of tho principlo sup posed to be contained in the proseut act. Then wo havo Mr. M'Coll, who goes all tho way with'us, both in principlo and practice. And iasfc, but not least, we have Mr. M'Intyro, who goes with us-as far as suits tho publican interests, and no further; but is thoroughly opposed to us in the main object of our ugitation-—the Permissive Bill. With this varied assortment I am somewhat puzzled how to vote. My good wishes goes with my fellow convert/ Mr. M'Coll, but tho sigus of the times clearly indicate that he is lending a forlorn hope, and therefore I am afraid, nay, I am almost surd, that in supporting him I would only, be throwing away my vote, and that, at the present time I could hot afford to dot and as X do not think any consistent toctotuller who carod a straw for^ his principles would give it to Mr. M'Intyre, it follows that if I exercised mj privilege I must support tho old members. Now I candidly confoss that I have always boon under the impres sion that Mr. Mnokay had only, a very cold hoart for tho temperanco movement, and u warm ono for tho publicans, but as wo have got his word to sup port our agitation on tho permissive question—and I believo him to be a man of his word—I think we may claim him as a convert, and although some people are rather incredulous in teferenco to suddon oonversions, I havo ample evidence in my own self, ray friend Mr. M'Coll, and many others, that such things do tako place and arc genuine, ami therefore, till tho contrary-is provod, I will conolude that his is genuino also. Looking at these tliiogs from my point of view, I think my offorts ought to be oxertod to keep out the most objectionable of tho trio with whom tho contest will lie, and I havo no hesitation iu pointing to Mr. M'Intyro as the least presentablo of tho three heads which I havo seen on a card en titled "when shall we t^ree meet again,"and to effect this end I would recommend all tcototallors, however much it may go against their grain, not to throw their votes away upon Air. M'Coll, who stands no chance, but give their votes to tho old members, in the absence of better men, and thus keep down tho modest blush which mantles John's chc<k in view of addressing Air. Speaker. You it) tiulv, HYDROPATHY. The Fifty Pounds DurosiT. — I think (says Amtralaniim " xEgles") that that pre liminary lifty which niuat necessarily profaco tho actual election fray is tho bulwark of the Constitution. It unceremoniously slams tho door of tho Parliamentary vestibule in tho unwashed faco of the thorough unadulterated loafor who neither has L50 nor can raise it. I can quite holiove in the possibility of a man who might make an excellent legislator being without a penny, but if ho cannot in spire amongst his immediate friends tho con fidence which would produce tho required doposit, ho had much bettor bo thrust aside. 1 am also inclined to believe that tho great oxpenso of candidature assigned by snmo aspirants as a reason for their retirement is, in many cases, a mere color.-!'*!,' * vuso for retreating from an attempt wi.ich they havo discovered to L10 hopeless. tact is, that the oxpenses which used to be generously shouldered by enthusiast ie committees havo now, as a matter of course, beon left to bo paid by thu candidate who, as looking for ward to solid advantages, must make a solid preliminary investment. 