BEPTJGrNAKCY REVIVED. The late mail from England lias brought out to us, in the form of a British Parlia mentary Paper, the correspondence which took place in reference to the first of the two Bills passed in the last session of the South Australian Parliament to legalize marriage with a deceased wife's raster. The correspondence appears to have been "pre sented by command of Her Majesty," and ordered to be printed on the 6th of March last, but for what inscrutable purpose this was done it is hard to say. The document embodies the formal despatches of His Excellency Sir James Eergusson forwarding the BLU for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure, a copy of the Bill itself, the report of our Attorney-General thereon, and the reply of Lord ILimberley which we published some six months ago. At first sight these documents would now seem to have on interest whatever, but the Attorney General's report is so remarkable a State paper that we quote it entire:— " Mr. Baker to the Chief Secretary. " Attorney-General's .Office, Adelaide, June 15, 1870. "Sir—I have the honour to report, for the information of His Excellency the Governor, with reference to the Bill of 1870, intituled ' An Act to legalize the Marriage of a man with the Sister of Ms Deceased Wife,' that three Bills of a similar nature were on the 27th January, 1858, on the 17th December, 1860, and on the 12th November, 1863, respectively reserved by the Governor for the tame being for the signifi cation of Her Majesty's pleasure, but were not assented to by Her Majesty. "Under these circumstances, and as the Imperial Statute 5 and 6 William 4th, cap. 54, has the force of law in this province, the Billnow* forwarded to His Excellency, which originated in the House of Assembly, and finally passed both Houses on the 9th instant, appears to me to be repugnant to the law of England, and there fore His Excellency should reserve this Bill for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure. " I have, &c.;, " R. C. Bakeb, Attorney-General. "The Hon. the CMef Secretary." This brief report possesses three distinc tive features, each one of which is deserving of special consideration. The most staining of these is the resuscitation of the exploded doctrine of repugnancy. Bearing in mind the lucid definition of this pons asinorum of legislators which the present Chief Justice put forth many yeans ago, and which all the home authorities have practically confirmed, and recollecting how completely the ghost of repugnancy was laid in the validating Acts, we cannot but wonder to see it once more in the flesh, tormenting the peace of the Attorney-General, and as pregnant with mischief as ever, although happily not quite so powerful. But if Mr. C. Baker has surprised us by succumbing to the inexplicable attractions of this legal ignis fatuus, what shall we say, in the second place, of the reasons he assigns for dragging the Deceas: i Wife's- Sister's Marriage Bill after him? They appear to be twofold. The Bill, he reports, is repugnant to the law of England—firstly, because it has thrice been disallowed by Her Majesty; and secondly, because the Imperial Statute 5 and 6 William IV., cap. 54, has the force of law in this province. Thin, of course, is the Act by which such marriages were for the firct time declared illegal; their so-called "repugnancy," although unknown to little ton ana Coke, and undetected by the learned Blackstone, having been ultimately dis covered by a legal luminary of this remote dependency. Of course it is clear that simple unlikeness does not constitute repug nancy. The latter implies an inherent quality which even an Imperial statute would scarcely have power to remove. It would have been thus more satisfactory if the Attorney-General had assigned a more comprehensive reason for his denunciation of the Bill than the mere fact that it sought to modify one of the laws we brought with us in the foundation of the colony. It is true he urges that a similar Bill has been already thrice disallowed, but unless some occult influence attaches to the mystic number three, simple disallowance is surely not con clusive evidence of repugnancy. So grave a charge was never made by the Imperial authorities in connection with these Bills, and surely they would have told us had such legislation been in their judgment ultra vires. In the third place the advice tendered to His Excellency is a woful anti- climax to the heavy indictment preferred against the Bill. Seeing that the Governor's instruc tions expressly prohibit his assenting to any such law, it was surely needless to exhume this defunct dogma in order to justify the reservation of the measure. Had it indeed been "repugnant to the law of England" in the only sense in which the phrase has any value as affecting our Colonial legislation— bad it, that is to say, been repugnant to the express provisions of an Imperial Act spe cially applying to this colony—it would have been the duty of the Attorney-General to advise His Excellency at once to disallow it. But a still more perplexing speculation still remains. How was it that the Parliament was not forewarned of the illegality of its proceedings? When the Attorney-General voted for the second reading of the Bill had its repugnancy not yet dawned upon his mind? Surely it needed no deep subsequent research to discover that a similar Bill had already been thrice <®;sallowed, and that " the Imperial Statute 5 and 6 William IV., cap. 54, has the force of law in this province," and yet these are the only rersons he assigns for his opinion. Bnt there'is another aspect to this question. In this instance the extraordinary course pursued by the Attorney-General is simply food for amusement, but in matters of graver moment it might lead to serious abuses. We know from past experience how this baseless theory of repugnancy may embarrass the administration of the law, but it is a new thing for it to be invoked in order to impede the linal step in the enact ment of the law itself. Is it to be tolerated that an Attorney-General should interpose his individual opinion to prevent the Governor from giving effect to a law which has passed both Houses of the Legislature? Had the Parliament been duly warned, had it been counselled to take legal advice upon the impropriety of its proceedings, it would have been another matter. But for a Minister of the Crown to encourage the Legislature in its illegal acts and then to counteract their effect by his secret veto, is to assume a power which cannot be safely sanctioned. By such means the labour of a whole session might he destroyed, without the possibility of interference on the part of the Parliament. It will be noted, too, that this new mode of checkmating a strong opposition would scarcely lay the Ministry adopting it open to challenge on the resumption of business in the next session. It might be plausibly urged that the advice -of the Attorney Genetal was not given in his political capacity. The Cabinet would no doubt demonstrate that they had strongly advised His Excellency to assent to the burked measure. But when called upon, not as a responsible Minister, but as the chief law officer of the Crown, to report to the Governor as to the effect of the Bill, the Attorney-General would of course be bound in conscience to sink all personal inclinations and give his honest opinion on the subject. If that opinion proved adverse to the legality of the measure, it was of course his clear duly to say so, and it would be hard indeed to punish him, and still more his colleagues, for his conscientiousness. But the evil of establishing such a prece dent does not stop here. In cases where Bills have passed both Houses of Parliament it is the plain duly of the Government either to, promote the final success of these measures, or, if they cannot conscientiously do so, to resign. If, as in the case before ns, the Governor's instructions require the reser ration of a Bill for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure, it is equally clear' that the responsibility of disallowing this solemn act of the local Legislature would rest solely with the authorities of Downing street. It is not for the constitutional sup porters of a measure to offer the Home Government an excuse for shifting that responsibility elsewhere. Who shall say that the extra-judicial opinion expressed in the Attorney-General's report above quoted may not in some degree have influenced the adverse decision' of Lord Kimberley 1 Had His Lordship replied to ns, " How can I advise Her Majesty to assent to a measure which your own Attorney-General declares to be repugnant to the law of England ?" what could we have said ! Mr. B. C. Baker may have been individually prejudiced against this particular measure, but he should not have allowed his bias to have scope in an official document. It was not for nim to suggest to the Colonial Office a gronnd for rejecting the Bill. One excuse may be tendered for the Attorney-General He was new to office and wholly inexperienced when he penned the report which has called forth these remarks. He may not have weighed carefully the effect of what he was writing. Subsequent experience may have modified his views. The theory of repugnancy may have, faded from his mind as suddenly as it developed itself. In apparent confirmation of this second change of opinion, it is noteworthy that he urged no such objection when the Bill was again brought forward six months afterwards. We have no means of v knowing what was his report to Wis Excellency on the latter occasion; but if, as we may charitably surmise, it ignored the question of repug nancy, and simply followed the precedents already on record in the office by advising the Governor to act in accordance with the terms of his instructions, we may fairly set down the eccentricities of his first report to the exuberant imagination of a young official, for which the matured experience of a twelvemonth later can scarcely be held re sponsible. Praise rather than blame should be accorded to one who can show that he has gained in wisdom since his first half-fledged jessays at Ministerial responsibility. A fault repaired may often be a better criterion of administrative'ability than an official career without a flaw. The one may indicate an independent judgment, the other savour merely of redtape. 