' MODERN MARVELS. (From the New York Times.) i . Jv/' DqubtlesB it is due, in no small degree, to "the unrelenting prosiness and humdrum, of ihodern existence, that most poople turn so c' ..willing an ear to every relation of the mar- ' vellous. Superstition and credulity can scarcely be regarded as salient features or our nineteenth century civilisation; and yet few of us would like to confess how often we . have given our faith to the supernatural. 1 And this, not only in such scientific or psuedo-scientific exhibitions as the prophets 7 ' and jugglers of spiritualism furnish, biit . in its most direct, most spontaneous, and there fore, most vulgar manifestations. Ghost stories have not lost their secret charm' for the wisest as well as the simplest, and fearful maidenB still tempt the fates on All Hallow . - . e'en with potent incantations of molten lead and darkened mirrors. Of course, in the ..//light of science and of reason, all these things are the purest nonsense, but it; is nonsense for which we cannot help keeping a soft place in our hearts. If we are not actually deceived, we are more than willing to be deceived, and, in spite of science and reason, one does not often take a short cut through a graveyard at midnight. The dtioking stool and the gibbet that once pu nished witchcraft in sterner days have long since vanished, but the witch herself sur vives in remote districts, and, no doubt, ' still journeys from time to time, on her tra- ,1/ ditionary broom-stick steed, to, 6ome far-off witches' sabbath. Only a day or two since, some worthy country people discovered jm their neighbourhood a survivor of this malig nant race working dire evil to their cattle and their health. They lodged complaint with the nearest magistrate, who, . turning .turning a deaf ear to their reasonable de-. 7\. mends for vengeance, immediately lodged ' them in gaol till they withdrew the charge. , . We have outgrown our childish terrors! of .. . medireval wehrwolf nnd vampire, but we . i"; listen with admiring credence, to , tlie story of that western cat, detected in' an insidious attempt to suck away, in true vampire fashion, the breath of an unwary 'sleeper. "I believe because it is impossible " is! a philosophic paradox which most people un- , consciously adopt, and which lends a curious delight to the subtle unearthly imaginings i'of'Hawthorn and Poe. And even when we. ' do not go outside the known and- visible limits' ;f/ of nature to satisfy our craving for the phenomenal and strange, we are eager to grasp at any variation in tha ordinary pro- ,.i, cesses of life which promises a respite irom \- the tyranny of the commonplace. : Barnum's bogus mermaid would have been a- less suc- !; cessful cheat had its ingenuity not found an efficient ally in the wisheB of the spectators. . Even the shocking uncertainty of the seA-- serpent has not yet entirely alienated its adherents, and the periodical wild man . roams at his pleasure all over the western hemisphere and the columns, of our /news papers. The Cardiff giant was hardly less de lightful as a fraud than as a reality, and tHe Siamese twins are quite as fascinating as the ! Gorsican brothers. And, if, as is probable, ' one of them should die, the situation, would ' . attain an interest positively "enchanting. , Np light reading finds a wider or mofe ap preciative audience than those,: occasional -paragraphs in our journals which describe six-legged calves,, or . double-headed , babies,: and the Dublin lady who was reputed to1 have carried, on- h'dr .'.shoulders the proper1 facial presentment of a pig, is still one of i- K 'the most agreeable ; mysteries of- '.the litera- " ture of 'the monstrous. These, "are very,;well in their way—mermaids and .wild men—sea p. ! serpents and pig-headed ladies. (BuL/what are these, in point of romantic wonder, .to a /real dragon, such as has lately been .'slain by a valiant Welshman, worth! descendant .of Cymric heroes, after a fierce, .combat in /.the caves of Cefn, on the river El wy ? We ' call it a dragon, because, from the , descrip-- itioh) it is evidently that or nothing, / It is 4l a creature nearly five feet long, with ;a coat of mail and web feet. Its head is low aud flat,' its mouth is large, and garnished ' with formidable teeth. " Yet, in spite of all theBe tdrrors, the : modern. /St:' George sleiv him with a stick, and: is;now. earning: botli , praise!ahd profit by exhibiting .hiis trophy ! to f ! his/grateful country men."' - 1 1 is a trite say ing, that wonders . wilhpneyer cease, and,- at the present rate of marvels, , we may expect r'"at any 'tiirid a 'new- , anff formidable accession of "gorgons, 'hydras, land chimeras dire." Letms prayj7that;; we;, may, -have Perseuses enough to mee them. . . - /.: .,./ j 'Has a Convict a -Right of 'Action t at)'daw..--ln the Court bf Common! PJea.8, on Friday week, in "the case of "Pappa v 7Rbse,".asa collateral, defence to the 'issue raised by th e plaintiff,, this very . important' question, says Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper,! was raised by Messrs, Giffard, Q.C., and \--.Murphy!-:' The. facts of- the case are these r! " Thei -plaintifty Demetria Pappa, was some' \- time ago' a merchant in Bishopsgate-streetJ , hut through some transactions of bis with; the Oriental Commercial Bank be 'was con-: victed at the old Bailey, and sentenced to a r/Kterm of penal servitude,- which hefwns suffer-; \- '-'ing'at present. v" In October of' last' year he; "contracted with Messrs. Anson and, Sbn. to- i sell them a large quantity of black Smyrna; \- raisins, -contingent to the fruit being ap proved of fair average quality in the opinion ; pf'ib'e selling broker. The defendant was ' employed in that capacity, and, having looked at the raisins, he gave it as his opinion that \- they weremot of fair average quality; and 'byreason of this judgment the contract was /not carried out, The plaintiff) who appeared 7 in the garb of a convict, and guarded by two ' -'warders of the prison at which he was serving liis sentence, now contended that, owing to inexperience and want of skill on the part of defendant, he was incompetent to form- a sound and correct judgment on the question. His, lordship, after expressing his opinion that lie did not think the defendant, under the circumstances of the case, would lie 'liable for ah action for want of skill, said he should reserve. for the' opinion of the Court above the' other question which had been raised by: the learned council for the defen dant — viz., that the plaintiff, having been convicted of felony, 1»6 right of action at law'passed to the Crown. The jury, under the' direction of the judge, returned a nou- .sui't; -but leave was given to the plaintiff's' counsel tQ.move the superior Court for a new trial oil the point, of law already ihon-. 'tipned.. ' , ' 7,. .V - ! Whyi is the letter F like the eiid of a cow's tail? -Because it is the end of beef. : L 