KEROSENE ,'$URDERS. It'is n matter of growing- nstomMimont tlint the almost daily rocord of loss of life and pro .portjr through kcroseno oxplosinns docs not .provoke, some sort of special legislation upon the sole, of. ?dangornns fluids vended under diflferotit names throughont tho length and breadth of tho land. Petroleum has proved '''to bo of vast and varied importance in tlio arts, but its inoro volntilo products nave neon inndo the instrument of tho most heartless and wicked frauds j and theso frauds are still daily perpetrated, and authors go unhung, though their victims — called to meet the most horrible doath known to man — constantly in crease in number. These victims are for the most part women, who, .'if they, escape death, are obliged to un dergo what is hardly loss cruel to a young and beautiful woman, disfigurement for life. It would scorn in this case that tho pecu niary risks involved would stimulate tho fire insurance companies to action, though the vmlOin nt. Ini'n-n fnmnin inriitTnPAnt. Our renders may recollect the case of Mary Gibson, who only a short timo sinco was burned to death by an oxplosion of Dnnforfch's (so-called) ' Non-osplosivo Oil.' This same material has figured before in other disasters. Its dangerous character was exposed in a for mer issue of this paper, yet still its sale is un blushingly continued. We are now struck with horror at the disaster at Kenosha, in which the Hnllidny Hotel was destroyed, seven persons were burned to death, and others fatnlly injured, the fire originating in a kerosene explosion ; while from Baltimore comes another sad story of tho burning to death of a child six years old, from the same cause. If we choso, we might fill this column with a list of disasters which occurred last year from the explosions of petroleum fluids. The public ought to know [surely it has been often enough told] that (hero is such a thing as safe korosene, and that tho danger ous fluids are either more volatilo liquids, or kerosene mixed with more volatile liquids to increase the profits on its snlo. Most of these mixtures are sold under fan ciful names, and are recommended by their manufacturers as better than kerosene. Now, when any manfacturer or dealer makes such a recommendation, he utters knowingly a wilful falsehood, to client innocent customers into buying a spurious dangerous article. No petroleum fluid more volatilo than kerosene is a safe article for promiscuous and gonernl nso, and the man who sells it is as criminal in so doing as a man who should knowingly iutro dnnfi nrsenic into salt and sell it to his custo mers as an improved article. Lot purchasers beware of theso fancy names. In nino cases out of ten they are adopted as a cloak to cover cheating. As to legislation upon, this subject, it is perhaps not our province to proposo measures t to, roach tho root of the evil, but it certainly is* a fact that the scoundrels who peddle death in tho shape of burning fluids, are neither im prisonod nor hung. It would not be a very difficult thing to finrne a law that should bring to condign punishment such oflbnders. — ' Scientific American.' American Reporters. — Amorican reporters do not lose opportunities from any excoss of baBhfulnoss, and gallantly do their best to supply thoir journals with a list of their own questions to the interviewer, if they are un able to give his answer. The British Com missioners who have been Rent from this country to confer with tho Americans, no sooner arrived in tho harbour of New York thnn their steamer was boarded by the re porter of the ' New York Herald,' which takes credit to itself for being the first newspaper which got hold of the Britons. The gentleman of the Press, without losing time over useless preliminaries, at once asked Lord deGrey his opinion on the various points in dispute between the two countries, and then inquired as to the nature of the instruc tions which had been furnished by tho British Government. Failing in obtaining as full information as he could desiroon these points, the reporter sought for something worth hearing from the othor passengers, and Ian tin f-. flinf /I niti »i rv 4 lift I'mrftfrft ' Irni'l ri A l-r i*rt« 4UUI Mil LI I (L II IIUI1IIU kilts ? 'J 'q '-' -1 Jl*l ? u w V^IU J and Lord Tenterdon wore often observed pacing to and fro on the hurricane deck, ap parently in an agitated state of mind, and intent on maintaining the most profound silence relating to the Commission. The Earl is a man of about 45 years of age. For a person in his exalted position he looks rather insignificant. His hair and full beard are of a reddish hue, and he wears a single eye-glass. His-Lordship spenks with nu un mistakeable London accent.' This is followed by a few remarks on the other members of tho Commission. 'Loid Tenterdon is of tho middle height, has a black beard and dark complexion.' Professor Montnguo Bernard, however, seems to have shown no outward sign, either on the voyage or in harbour, of what was passing within him, and is described as being wary and one who could keep his counsel. Some of the party who suffered from sea-sickness are duly reported in that respeot ; and no detail connected with any of the individuals was wanting in the searching report published by the ' New York Herald.' An affecting occurrence took place on tho 25th March at Galveston, Texas. The Rev. Benjamin Eaton, for thirty years rector of Trinity Church, in that town, was stricken with death in the face of tho congregation, while engaged in the services of the sanctuary. He was a man of liberal education, his early training having been given him nt Eton, and at Trinity' College, Dublin, in which city ho was born, nbout the year 1805. On tho 16th January, 1841. he was installed in the pasto ral charge of tho religious community to whom his last energies woro dovoted. On the morning of the 25th March, 1871, he conducted the whole service, reading the Morning Prayer, and giving out psalm and hymn, and afterwards preaching the sermon. The hymn was ' Nearer, my God, to Thoo ;' and the text of the discourse was 'There is yet room.' It is recorded in the local papers that he . spoke with unusual fervour until towards the close, when it was evident that \his ph3'sical strength was giving way, and a gentleman stepped forward to his assistance. A breathless silence prevailed for a moment when, attempting to pronounce the ascription, he fell backwards in the arms of his friend, and soon after expired. ' And now to God' , ? this broken sentence of homage constituted his;last words. Tho deceased clorgy man was greatly beloved by his parishioners, and his death, under circumstances of such peculiar interest nnd_ solemnity, crontotl a profound sensation .umong all ?olusses of the people., He loft a;8ister, living near Belfast,, in Ireland, with whom it had been his purpose to spond the remainder of his days, after the comple tion ofa chapol now in course of erection in Galveston. But it was otherwise ordered. Wondall Phillips on Universal Suffrage.— Wo take the following extract from a lecture delivered in Now York in March last by the above gentleman : — ' In overy great city on Ll.!n «.innl nnnlinAnf fllA mlltrni1 fin(l fllllfiPrttGM aro nothing but a standing committee nomi nated by its grogshops, and have not been anything olso for many yoars. And thus it follows that there has not been a groat city on this continent governed for twenty conse cutivo yoars decently, so far as tho protection of lite, free speech, and proporty is concerned. So far as this theory of ours of selfgovern ment, of univorsal suffrage, has grappled hitherto with the problem of governing a groat city, it is a failure. You may put on your diamonds and walk on London Strand and be safe. You would riot try it iu Broad way without making your will ; and Broad way is tho unadulterated result of universal suffrage.' A Juryman's Excuse. — At the Court of Common Plens one of the gentlemen snm moned upon thojury appealed to his Lordship, and said that he was sanitai'y inspector of the Strand Union, in which district small-pox was still prevalent. His duty was .to visit places whero patients woro or had been, to remove infected clothes, and do other sanitary work of that kind. Ho submitted that the performance of this duty was inconsistent with his sitting in tho jury-box. His Lord ship thought so, too, and excused his further attendance. The juryman then l'etired, and, although the Court was crowded, he had no difficulty in making his exit. A Ghost in a Fix. — Tho gentlemen passen gers have been getting up a play which was performed yesterday, and succeeded admirably. It was a burlesque on 'Hamlet,' and as it was played on tho lower deck, and the ghost could not by any means be made to rise, it was decided that he should 'descend through the hatchway. So ho did ; but unfortunately tho tackle used for the purpose was not quite long enough, so the unlucky ghost remained suspended — his feet not quite touching tho ground, and his weight causing him to turn slowly round find round. The doctor, who performed this part, was, nevertheless, quite equal to tho occasion, maintained a most im perturbable countenance, and delivered Ihh sDeech without so much as movine- a muscle. unheeding alike the awkwardness of the posi tion and the roar of laughter which it excited. — ' Varieties of Viceregal Life.' The Archbishops of Paris. — Our telegram of later news, contained in yesterday's ' Herald,' statod that the Archbishop of Paris had beon shot. If fatally, ho is the third holding that sacred office who has met with a violent death sinco 1848. The death of Arch bishop Affro, at tho bnrricades in Paris, in the year above mentioned, is thus recorded in the ' Annual Register :' — ' Tho day had been signalised by tho death of the Archbishop of Paris. This excellent prelate wasdetortniued to try whethor the insurgonts would listen to his voico, and allow him to act as mediator between the combatants. Ho proceeded there fore clad in his sacred vostmonts, and attended by his two grand Vicara, towards Faubourg St. Antonio, but stopped at the foot of the column of the Bastille, where a strong barri cade had been erected, and firing was actively going on. This censed as soon as the Arch bishop was recognised, and he bravely mounted the barricade and addressed tho insurgonts on tho othor side. His word seemed to produce somo effect, when suddenly n drum-roll was 1IUIUU, IIUU II bJiUU WU3 1UUU. 1UC UUUlDab WMO immediately renewed, and tho venerable Archbishop was struck in the loins and fell. The insurgents rushed forward, and lifting him from the gronnd, carried him to a house within their harricado, whero, after receiving, extreme unction, he soon breathed his last. When told that he was in groat danger he said, — 'Well, then, let God bo praisod, and may He neenpt tho snerifico which I again offer him for the salvation of this misguided people. Mny my death expiate the sins which I have committed during my episcopacy.' ' He was succeeded by M. Sibour, who was as sassinated by a demented priest in January, 1857\. M. Datboy, who is stated to have been shot, was raised to the Archepiscopnte of Paris in 1863, and 'Men of the Time' gives the following biography of this prelate : — ' Darboy, Mgr., the Vory Rov. George, D.D. Archbishop of Pnris, was born in the year 1813, at Fayl-billot (Haute-Marno), being a fellow-countryman of Mgr. Morlot. He was at first Professor of Philosophy and Dogmatic Theology at the. Ecclesiastical Seminary at Langrcs. Ho went- to Paris, where he was appointed by Mgr. Affre chaplain co tho Col lege Henry IV. Mgr. Sibour made him honorary vicnr, with tho mission of inspect ing the religious instruction in tho colleges of the diocese. Those different functions brought him in relation with a vory great numbor of (amilips, and procured him friends in various qnarters. In 1854 ho accompanied Mgr. Sibour to Rome to tnke part in the definition of tho dogma of tho Immaculate Conception. He is known as tho author of ' Les Femmes do la Bible,1 and ' Introduction a VImitntion de Jesus Christ. Ho was named by tho Em peror to tho episcopal see of Nnncy in 1859, and in January, 1863, he wns promoted to tho archepiscopato.' Aborigines of America. — Amorican papers slate that workmen in Iowa, excavating for the projected Dubuque and Minesota rail-road in the limestone at the foot of the bluff, dis covered recontly some caves and rock cham bers, and, on raising a foot slab, a vault filled with human skeletons of unusual size, the lnrgest being seven foot eight inches high. A figured sun on the wall is taken as indicating that the skeletons belonged to a people who worshipped that luminary ; and the represen tation of a man with a dove stepping out of a boat, as an allusion to a tradition of the Deluge. Tho fingers of tho largest skeleton clasped a pearl ornament, and traces of cloth were found crumbled at the feet of the remains. Many copper implements woro found, and it is thought that the Lake Superior mines mny have boon workod at an oarly poriod. . Yield of Quartz1— After the very large and often astonishing yields of gold whioh have been from timo to time telegraphed from Gympie to Sydney and elsewhere, it would havo boen expected that whon tho account of the total crushings was made up, a more than usually heavy nvorage of yield would havo been shown. The 'Gympie Timos', has re cently published a detailed list of the crushings at Gympio.. Sumraarising.;-these it would appear that the total quantity of stone crushed from October 1868, to the end of April, 1871, was about 34,000, tons, for a yield of 139,379 ozs. 10 dwts. of gold, which gives an avorago of over ? 4 ozs. of gold to the ton, the highest averago on record from any goldfield either iu Australia or elsowhore. This calcu lated at £3 15s. per oz., will give a net return of £522,671 5s. sterling; The above returns include all the stone of whatever kind that has boen crushed since the l'eefs were first discovered, among which were several trial crushings from newly-discovered outside reefs, which did not prove payable, yet counted in the general average, thereby' tend- ing materially to reduce the same. In' the detailod lists above referred to, one instance is given where the stone gave a return of over 1000 oz. to tho ton, whilst there wero several large parcels, which ran ten and twenty to sixty and a hundred ounces to the ton ; whilst in many casos a good deal of pure gold had been picked out of the stone prior to crushing and have not gone into account. A corres pondent writing to us on this subject says :— - 'One particular feature in the Gympie quartz is the large quantity of 'auriferous pyrites contained in them. Up to the present time theso have beon lost in the, tailings, ns there is no machinery on the ground .or in tho colony, for separating or effectually treat ing them. Howover, as nearly all the' tail- ings from these 34,000 tons crushed have run down into the Mary River, and there is some prospect of tho Mnry River Company, whioh has leased tho ground in which they have beou deposited, being shortly at work, the miners will have an -opportunity of seoing, in the machinery introduced the best means of treat ing their own quartz in such a way as to save a large portion of tho gold they have hitherto lost. ' Another correspondent, who has made a similar calculation with regard to the quartz crushed at Tambnroora since the reefs there were first opened, gives the average of the total crushings at 4 oz. 5 dwts., but he does not send us the total amounts. In the official record of the total crnshings in Vic toria, up to the end of 1868, the average yield per ton is shown to be 11 dwts. 12'37 grains. A very strange natural phenomenon was dis covered n few days ago by somo men working on the Southern and Western Railway line. On making a cutting of somo forty feet, nt a point where n 'deviation from the prosont lino is being made, the men enmo upon a large bonlderof bnsnl tic rock, ' bluo metal,' as it is commonly called, measuring about 4 feat in length and about 30 inches in diameter. It required a great doal of hard work to break tho bouldor, which was per fectly sound on all sides ; consequently the sur prise of tho men mny be imagined whon, after they had succeeded with very great difficulty in split ting the rock, they found in tho centre of it a cavity measuring some six inches through, con taining about a quait and n half of water. The I water spurted into the fueu of onoof tho man on the atouo. giving way. and n largo brown frog having a back composed of what resembled Rcule3, jumped from its strnnge concealment and bent a speedy retrtmt. The men were bo bewildered and even terrified to see a thing of lifo make its npponrnnco from such an extraordinary quarter that they failed to secure the frog. They wore certain there was no communication from the extorior of tho boulder, which was so hard as to almost resist all c'fTorts nt rndnnins? it. So strnnnrn n thin' ns Iliis discovery has, we buliovo, never before been mot with in primury rocks, although in sandstone formations Rome similar instances havo come to light. In tho same boulder there were sovoral small cavities, which contained pieces of blue and white soap. stone, so soft ns to be easily pared down with tho blade of a penknife. Somo of the cuvitios also contained crystal formations, of pure white and as fine as hair. Somo specimens were shown ns by Mr. Stanley, the resident engineer, who brought them down tho line ufter a visit to the locality whero the discovery was made.— Queensland Times. Lust Wednesday evening a crowd was assem bled outside Mr. Bryant's sula rooms, inside of which a comuiittoe meeting. of Mr. Walsh's sup. Ijorters wns being held, iinrj considerable excite ment was being manifested as the people assembled thought that Mr. Walsh was inside. That gentle man coming up soon afterwards wns greeted with loud gronns and hootings. Mr, Walsh on co 'ing to Bryant's store and finding tho door shut turned round and began to address tho crowd, who temporarily suspended thoir hooting to hour what, hu had to say. Ho told them that he novnr ex-': pected to hoar such sounds in Wide Ray nt his expense. Ho had landed in Maryborough 20 years ngo and faced a mob of hostilo blacks who had greeted him in tho sumo manner; ho cured nothing for them, and ho cured nothing for thoso who hooted him now; ho wonld succeed in spite of thorn. Tho honorable gentleman then abused Brisbane at somo length, cnlled his opponents Brisbane emissaries nnd told his nudionco that ho considered one Maryborough man worth twonty Brisbane men. Ho said he had lost thousands of pounds fighting for Maryborough, and that there was no better representative) in the llousn than himself. Ho told tho people- about losing his boots crossing Tinann Crook, twenty years «»o, and that ho had been too poor to buy another pair. Ho then got into a rage nt the frequent interruptions, abused Brisbane again, and finally wont into Bryant's store. On his coming out again he went slowly round to tho Royal, escorted by a considerable crowd making sarcastic remarks of various sorts. On arriving at tho Rnyul he went inBide nnd the crowd ufter a few final groans dispersed. During tho scene at tho Ptito rooms rome skirmishing took place and several blows passed. A fornwlahjo looking weapon, a heavy stick that had continued a digger, was being ex hibited as ono used in tho row, by one of Mr Walsh's supporters and a good deal of indignation expressed about it; no ono seemed much tho worse however. ' Mr. Walsh's oration was certainly a singular performanca. That a minister of the Crown should hove nothing better to say for himself than to tell somo cook nnd bull yarns about his early ''xperionces in the colony, nnd that ho should endeavour to excite the j'alnuiiy and vanity of one town of the oolony against another in such a barefaced manner ie simply disgusting. Tho cuelfnn cry about Brisbane is played out here now, anil tho people nro littginning to bob that it 1b merely raised as an electioneering trick. Messieurs les Walshites oannot yon invnnt a newor piece of humbug thiR time? — Wide Bay News. 