EASTER AMUSEMENTS. Easter in Sandhurst in 1871 is to be un doubtedly the gayest festival ever cele brated in this town. Not only are we to have a great Easter Fair, which will eclipse anything of the kind hitherto at tempted in the colony (so,say the sanguine folks who are getting it up), but there is to be an innumerable string of amusements— from the theatre to the circus, from the fair to numberless lesser amusements. The weather promises to be everything that can be desired, and if so we may confidently look forward to a carnival week on a small scale that will not soon be forgotten. In giving a preliminary description on the many amuse ments for the public we must first notice THE GRAND EASTER FAIR. It is, but a few, weeks ago since the idea of a Grand Easter Fair to aid in paying off the debt on those two noble Beudigo institu tions,—the hospital and asylum—originated. But short as has been the time the progress made has been remarkable and reflects upon, all who took the matter in hand the very highest credit. And first among these must be mentioned Messrs. Buick and Heffernan, who have themselves collected L409. The ladies of the district, however, are the persons to whom we are principally indebted for the immense number of contributions to the fair. Those who escaped the hands of the gentlemen fell into those of the ladies, and it need, not be said they escaped not until they paid the uttermost farthing. Many un- fortunates— or we should say fortunates— after being fleeced by the gentlemen, were victimised, by several ladies afterwards, and beyond a doubt the day of their trial, is not over, as they will have to go through the ordeal of ''the fair", in the bazaar, from which there is no escape. While there is every credit due to the indefatigable collectors who have garnered so much, the committee must not be overlooked. They, individually and collectively have worked, with a will to make the fair a success, and their arrangements have throughout been of it very complete character. They have devoted every care and attention to the matter, and it is no wonder they have been so successful. Mr. Rea, the secretary, has also exerted himself as few others would, and made the fair his sole study. The whole scheme has been most carefully arranged upon a scale of magnitude that was not at first dreamed of ; but the public met the idea of the committee so readily that the fair grew insensibly to its present dimensions. The Reserve now presents the appear ance of an encampment—canvas booths arising in every possible place ; and when they are dressed for the occasion, and the enclosure filled with crowds of gaily attired people the effect must be superb. The great features of the whole will be the fancy bazaar held in a large building immediately opposite the gates. On Saturday numbers of ladies and gentlemen were busily engaged in arranging the various stalls, and the building was afterwards lit up, the effect being very fine. The lighting is very creditable to the artizans of Mr. Connelly's establishment. Of the "wonders of the fairy palace " we will not speak at pre sent, but we can say from the peep afforded us it is something to be soon and remem bered. One of the stalls is devoted to the jewellery, for which there is to be a L100 art union, and its appearance will certainly prove uncommonly, tempting. But we are antici pating. We will now proceed to give some idea of the various amusements, &c.;, at the fair, placing them in order. For the thirsty souls who will visit this Vanity Fair there will be booths innumerable, whereat they can satisfy their drought. For those who have taken the pledge and will not touch strong waters there is to be a temperance booth, managed by the Temperance Society, for the sale of various teetotal drinks. There will be a large number of publicans' booths, which will be managed as follows:—Booth No. 1, Messrs. Heffernan and Hadley; No. 2, .Mr. Meader; No. 3, Mr. Barrell; No. 4, Mr. Gromann. Then there is the Richardson's Theatre, which promises to be one of the great attractions of the fair. It will be a strict imita tion of that ancient but now extinct institu tion as it was revived at the latest Fancy Fairs in London. The theatre is a neat canvas building, and outside there is the usual stage, whereon kings and queens, clowns and columbines, will " strut their hour," and the customary " Walk up, gentlemen," will be indulged in. We are not exactly initiated into the pieces to be performed, but we understand, there will be live murders, five ghosts, and five marriages within as many minutes, and an unlimited number of devils and sprites, with any amount of thunder, lightning, and blue and red fires. Here an appreciative Aus tralian audience will have the satisfaction of getting the better of old Time, as they will be able to see a "man enter the world as a youth, grow up into a man, be married, murdered, and buried, in the shortspaceof five minutes. It will, no doubt, be extensively patronised. The amateurs deserve the highest praise for undertaking the management, as their duties will not be altogether the plea santest. There are to be further, a troupe of acrobats, named, we believe, tho Bound ing Brothers of the Bosphorous, and a wizard, Herr Schlamn, who will no doubt do all in their power to amuse and make their respective booths successes for themselves and for the fair. Further, as a matter of course, there is to be a booth for the sale of patent medicines. Who is to be the Doctor Dulcamara? The elixir of love would sell famously if sold by a fair vendor. There are to be two booths for the sale of oysters, and one for tho sale of gingerbread and nuts under the superintendence of Mr. and Mrs. Womack. The inevitable Cheap Jack will have two impersonators, Mr. Hamilton, and Mr. W. Turnbull. There will be a gingerbread nuts, stall under the management of Mr. J. C. Grant, who it need hardly be said will conduct it most satisfactorily. The marvellous singing bird is to be exhibited by Miss Gould. This is the greatest wonder of the Fair. There will be a large number of fruit-stalls pre sided over by Mr. and Mrs. Walker, Mrs. John Stead, Miss Saville, Miss E. Saville, Mrs. Young, Mrs. Ball, Miss Wormald and Mr Let, and Mrs. Pufey. There will be a Royal Prussian target, whatever that is, for the use of the aspiring rising sportsmen, and also two shooting boards, a photographic gallery, a wheel of fortune, &c;, &c.; We can give no more, the public must go and see for them selves. THE INAUGURATION. The opening of the fair has been very well planned. A grand procession will form in Market Square, where all who intend join ing in it are requested to assemble at 10 o'clock. On the arrangements being com pleted by the Marshal, the procession will proceed to the railway station in order to receive His Excellency the Governor. It will then move down Mitchell-street, along Pall Mall to Monday-street ; up Monday street to Hargreaves-street, then along the latter to Williamson street, and then to the Shamrock Hotel, where His Excellency will leave the procession. We believe the assemblage will then disperse. His Excellency, who will be accompanied by the Hon. Miss Manners Sutton. will be escorted from the railway station by a guard of honor, com posed of the cavalry, and, no doubt (although that is not mentioned) the Rifle Volunteers.' The following is to be the order of the procession:— The Grand Marshal, John Stewart, Esq. Band. Cavalry. Governor. Suite. Mayor and Councillors of Sandhurst. Mayor and Councillors of Eaglehawk. Mining Board. Presidents and Members of Shire and Road Boards. Hospital and Asylum Committees. Band. Fire Brigade. M.U.I.O.O.F Band. A.O.F. •Rechabite Band. Rechabites. G.U.O.O.F. Build of Pipers St. Andrews Society. Irish Australian Society. Band Bendigo Deutscher Verein. Other societies Citizens. Immediately after the ceremony of open ing the Fair has been completed, His Ex cellency, accompanied by the Mayor and Borough Councillors, will proceed to the Town Hall where he will partake of luncheon, which is to be on the table at half-past one. It is understood that His Excellency's arrangements in Melbourne will necessitate his departure at the conclusion of the luncheon. Notices, appear in another column that all the principal places of business will be closed, and Easter Monday and Tuesday will be offi cially recognised as holidays in all the boroughs and shires. All the bodies who are to take part in the procession must meet in Market-square at 10 a. m. this day; to receive orders from the Grand Marshal: The ceremony of inauguration, which will be performed by His Excelloncy, is to take place at 12 o'clock. LYCEUM THEATRE, Mrs. Mary Gladstone, a tragedienne of high reputation will appear at the Lyceum Theatre to-night, supported by one of the best companies that has over appeared on the Sandhurst Boards. It includes the name of Miss Kate Warde, Mr. John Dunn, Mr. John Munro, Miss Kate Douglass, and several other first-class artistes, who suc ceeded in pleasing a large audience on Saturday night. The play then acted is to be repeated this evening;- "Elizabeth," is a splendid drama, and the principal character in it is looked upon as Mrs. Gladstane's specialty. We have no doubt Mr. Stanley's enterprise in bringing so good a company to Sandhurst will meet with befitting reward. Great, American circus. This entertainment will open on Easter Monday night in the vacant piece of ground in Hargreaves-street, next Mr. Fletcher's, butcher. The pavilion is a splendid one being capable of accommodating 3,000 persons. The troupe is spoken of as being an excellent one. The prices are remarkably low, being only Is. and 2s., and at these rates, there is no doubt the circus will be extensively patron ised during the holidays, as the en tertainment is of a kind that will prove very acceptable to the general public, who will come in from the country to see the Fair. We only wonder that the circus is not erected in the Fair, as it would form one of the greatest attractions possible ANATOMICAL MUSEUM. Dr. L. L. Smith's anatomical museum will be exhibited at the Rifles' Orderly- room during the week. The models of the " human form divine" are spoken, of as being first-class. TERPSICHOREAN AMUSEMENTS. Balls will take place at the Oddfellows' Hall, in connection with the Victorian Quadrille Assembly; at Kramer's Sydenham Gardens; and at the Victoria Hotel, Huntly, in connection, with the A.O.R.F. RIFLE MATCH. A challenge rifle match will take place at the Back Creek butts between Sergeant Martin and Private Dunlop for the sum of L10. Other matches will follow. CRICKET. There will be a match at the Back Creek ground to-day between the Bendigo and the Carlton clubs. 