I A terrible temptation. B I BY CHARLES READE. B CHAPTER THE PIFTH. I Sir Charles was behind his time in Mayfair ; but I the lawyer and his clerk had not arrived, and Miss I Somerset was not visible. She appeared however, at last, in a superb silk I dress, the broad lustre of which would have been 8 beautiful, only the effect was broken and frittered I away by six rows of gimp and fringe. But why 1 blame her ? This is a blunder in art as universal I as it is amazing, when one considers the amount of I apparent thought her sex devotes to dress. They I might just as well score a fair plot of velvet turf I with rows of box, cheek,/ 4s£EA yd sadiiBii "MSXQMUW!. I fibekeld fffed to SriiMiiiBaspi i of B t&tioD.; B But the business concluded, she thawed all in a B moment, and invited the gentlemen to luncheon, B with charming cordiality. Indeed her genuine B hnhomie after her affected indifference was rather comic. Everybody was content. Champagne flowed. The lady, with her good mother-wit, kept B conversation going, till the lawyer was nearly missing his next appointment. He hurried away ; fend Sir, Charles only lingered put of godd breed- 8 ihg, to bid Miss Somerset good-bye. In the course 8 of leave-taking, he said he was sorry he left her I with people about her of whom he had a bad I opinion. " Those women have no more feeling for I you than stones.- When you lay in convulsions, 1 your housekeeper looked on as philosophically as 8 if you had been two kittens at play — your and i |c T saw her;ss; "indeed ! you appeared hardly in a condition to see anything." B " I did, though, and heard the old wretch tell 8 the young monkey to water my lilac dress. That was to get it for her Polly. She knew I'd never 8 wear it afterwards." 8 " Then why don't you turn her off?" 8 w Who'd take such a useless old hag if I turned kr off?" " You carry a charity a long way." " I carry everything. What's the use doing things by halves, good or bad ?" 8 " Well, but that Polly ! She is yoang enough 8 to get her living elsewhere ; and she is extremely disrespectful to you." "That she is. H I wasn't a lady, I'd have given her a good hiding, this very day, for her Cheek." "Then why not turn her off this very day. for hfer cheek?1' " Well, PU tell you, since you and I are parted j mr ever, ffe, I don't like.'1 J Oh, come ! no secrets between friends." " Wh p»leD, kaS i8—-Hiy mother," " the young jade — is my sister." Good heavens !" !' the page — is my little brother." 'Ha, ha, ha!" 'What, you are not angry!" \ A11®? no! Ha, ha ha!" See What a hornet's nest you have escaped rom. My dear friend, those two women rob me rough thick and thin. They steal my hand- Kerchiefs and my gloves, and my very linen. They \ r- y wiae> lihe fishes. They'd take the 1 , " my head, if it wasn't fast by the roots — »r a wonder." ; . 'Why n<>t give them a ten- pound note, and | «ead them home ?" h T.y'd pocket the note, and blacken me in f 51; I .&e; That was why I had them up here. \- .tlrQe. I went home, after running about | p„ at little scamp, Vandeleur — do you know I I y ave not the honour." I pojn en your Inch beats mine. One thing, he is I Win, do68 as fast as he can. Some day I J6 aming begging to me for a fiver. You mark | my words now." i but you were saying — " I & mind8! -J went about Yan. Polly says I've Went i» ruuning water. Well, then, when I PoiW 0le i"316 — alter Yan, mother and e J raised a virtuous howl. 1 All right,' said I i undpwj. c.0Urf® I know how much virtue there is Tell tii Yirtue of the lower orders ! do p u ®eneffks that don't know them. I II Ibat'al6 n one 'em — now all about that is fu8 ' ou wanfc share the plunder, B un i 8enBe of your virtuous cry.' So I had I virtuous ?!re,.: and then there was no more B and mod 5llnS» but a deal of virtuous thieving, I mv s®,drinkiBg, and pure-minded selling ol I And th»V -nr to fce Highest male bidder. I'll T! l PorruPt the boy ; and if they I £lr blak hearts out with my them on. f'u fc 1 suppose I must keep ; ' they we Jay own flesh and blood, ther >aot all they know to kefep me alive— for their own sakes. I'm their milch cow— nthese country inno cents." Sir Charles groaned aloud, and said, " My poor girl, you deserve a better fate than this. Marry some honest fellow, and cut the whole thing." " I'll see about it. You try it first, mid let us- see how you like it." And so they parted gaily. In the hall Polly intercepted him, all smiles. He looked at her, smiled in his sleeve, and gave her a handsome present. " If you please, sir," said she, "an old gentle man called for you." "When?" " About an hour ago. Leastways he aBked if Sir Charles Bassett was there. I said yea, but you wouldn't see no one." " Who could it be ? Why, surely you -never told anybody I was to be here to-day ?" "La, no, sir ! how could I ?" said Polly, with a face of brass. Sir Charles thought this very odd, and felt even a little uneasy about it. All the way to Portman Square he puzzled over it ; and at last he was driven to the conclusion that Miss Somerset had been weak enough to tell some person, male or female, of the coming interview, and so somebody had called there — doubtless to ask him a favour. At five o'clock he reached Portman Square, and was about to enter, as a matter of course j but the footman stopped him. " I beg pardon, Sir Charles," said the man, looking pale and agitated ; " but I have strict orders. My young lady is very " 111 ! Let me go to her this instant." " I daren't, Sir Charles, I daren't. I know you are a gentleman ; pray don't lose me my place. You would never get to see her. We none of us know the rights, but there's something up. Sorry to say it, Sir Charles, but we have strict orders not to admit you. Haven't you got the Admiral's letter, sir ?" " No : what letter ?" " He has been after you, sir j and, when he came back, he sent Roger off to your house with a lettef.1' A cold chili began to run down Sir Charles Bas sett. He hailed a passing hansom, and drove to his own house, to get the Admiral's letter ; and, as he went, he asked himself, with chill misgivings, rflyhat onearth- hadjbpppened. be told the reader ggAi opened the anony- SPN to which the : LbAI iiBiBtMBBMMW. MB / V TgEjpj "81 ' v gar ."j ggpT wjHpjftrterid to de9|BBH|||g MM They PHp8l ; but bjejSBeSWfi rfgfiStuw1 gives letter is ably written, and seems true.eW!fr As for poor Bellh Bruce, a dove's more fit to rebuff a poisoned arrow, tmtjM|plNro to combat that foulest and direst of all weapons, an anonymous letter. She, inTfBFffiSwP- ness and innocence, never dreamed that any person Bhe did not know could possibly tell a lie to wound her. The letter fell on her like a cruel revelation from heavern The blow was sU savage that, at first, it stunned her. She sat pale and stupefied j but beneath the stupor, were the rising throbs of coming agonies. After that horrible stupor, her anguish grew and grew, till it found vent in a miserable cry, rising, and rising, and rising, in agony. " Mamma ! mamma 1 mamma !" Yes j her mother had been dead these three years, and her father sat in the neit rooin, vet, in her anguish, she cried to her mother — a cry, the wh ich if your mother had heard, she would have expected Bella's to come to her, -even from the grave. Admiral Bruce heard this fearful cry — the Living calling on the dead — and burst through the folding doors in a moment, white as a ghoSt. He found his daughter writhing on the sofa, ghastly, and grindiag in her hand the cursed paper that had poisoned her young life. " My child ! my child I" " Oh, papa ! see! see !" And she tried to open the letter for him, but her hands trembled so, she could not. He kneeled down by her side, the stout old warrior, and read the letter, while she clung to him, moaning now, and quivering all over from head to foot. " Why, there's no signature ! The writer is a coward and, perhaps, A liar. Stop ! he offers a test. I'll put him to it this niulute ." He laid the moaning girl on the sofa, ordered his servants to admit nobody into the house, and drove, at once, to Mayfair. He called at Mis Somerset's house, saw Polly, and questioned her He drove home again, and came into the draw ing-room, looking ts he had been seen to look when fighting his ship; but his daughter had never seen him so. " My girl," said he solemnly, " there's nothing for you to do btit to be brave, and hide your grief as well as you can 5 for the man is unworthy of your love. That coward spoke thi truth. He is there at this moment." " Oh, papa ! ptoa ! let me die. The world is too wicked for me Let me die !" " Die for an unrorthy object ? For shame ! Q-o to your own room my girl, and pray to your God to help you, since .our mother has left us. Oh, how I hubs her no\ ! Go and pray, and let no one else know whfc we suffer. Be your father's daughter. Eight, nd pray." Poor Bella had a longer to complain that she was not commandec She kissed him, and burst into a great passion f weeping ; but he led her to the door, and she totered to her own room, a blighted girl. The sight of her vas harrowing. Under its influence, the Admiij dashed off a letter to Sir Charles, calling him a>illain, and inviting him to go to France, and letm indignant father write scoundrel on his carc&s.; But, when he had Yitten this, his good sense and dignity prevailed Oer his fury ; he burnt the letter, and wrote anotbr. This he sent by hand to Sir Charles's house, ad ordered his servants — but that the reader knws. Sir Charles found thi Admiral's letter in his letter-rack. It ran thus— " Sir, — We have learnt your connection with a lady named Somerset, ad I have ascertained that you went from my daghter to her house this very day. " Miss Bruce and mygf withdraw from all connection with you, ancl must request you to attempt no communiodon with her, of any Idiiar Subh" an'aT1«mpt ,w0taa" be'an Additibiial insult. . " I am, Sir, your obedient Servant, " John Urquhart Bruce." .. Alfirst, Sir Charles. Bassett was stunned by this blow. Then his mind resisted the Admiral's severity, and he was indignant at being dismissed tor so common an offence. . This gave way t6 deep grief and shame at the thought of Bella and her lost esteem. But soon all other feelings merged i £ a , t"ne n fury at the heartless traitor, who destroyed his happiness, and had dashed the cup of innocent love from bi« very lips., j Boiling over with mortification and zage, he drove at once to that traitor's house. Polly opened the door : he rushed past her, '.'and burst into the dining-room, breathless and . white with passion. He found Miss Somerset studying the deed, by whiph he had made her independent for life. She started at his strange appearance, and instinctively put both hands flat upon the deed. " You vile wretch !" cried Sir Charles. « You heartless monster ! Enjoy your work." And he flung her the Admiral's letter. But he did not wait while she read it : he heaped reproaches on her ; and, for the first time in her life, she did not reply in kind. " Are you mad ?" she faltered. " What have I done ?" " You have told Admiral Bruce." " That's false." " u told him I was to be here to-day." " Charles, I never did. Believe me." " You did. Nobody knew it but you : he was here to-day, at the very hour." "May I never get up alive off this chair, if I « tct 80ld" es> our nhy- EH ring for her." o> you will not. She is your sister. Do you think I'll take the word of such reptiles, against the plain fact ? You have parted my love and me — parted us; on the day I had made you independent for life. An innocent love was waiting to bless me, and an honest-love was in < your power, thanks to me, your kind forgiving friend and benefactor. I have heaped kindnesses on you from the first moment I had the misfortune to know yon. I connived at your infidelities " Charles ! Don't say that. I never, was" " I indulged yoar most expensive whims ; and, iustead of leaving you with a curse, as all the rest did that ever knew you, and as you deserve, I bought your consent to lead a respectable life and be blessed with a virtuous love. You took the bribe, but robbed me of the blessing— viper ! You have destroyed me, body and soul— monster ! per haps blighted her happiness as well ; you she- , devils hate an angel, worse thin Heaven hates . Then ensued a violent and unseeml|ilSBkin all about the room ; chairs were up n rfYmjffiijftpl! broken to pieces; and the man and 'woman dragged eaeh other, to and fro, one fightiag for her property, as if it Was her life and the other for revenge. Sir Charles, excited by fury, was stronger than himself, and at last shook off one of her hands, for a moment, and threw the deed into the fire. She tried to break from him and save it, but he held her like iron. Yet not for long. Whilst he was lolding her back, and she straining every nerve to get to the fire, he began to show sudden symptoms of dis tress. He gasped loudly, and cried " Oh ! oh ! I'm choking !" and then his clutch jelaxed. She tore herself from it, and, plunging forward, rescued the smoking parchment. At that moment she heard a g&at; stagger be hind her, and a pitiful moan ; fad Sir Charles fell heavily, striking his head aganst the edge of the sofe. She looked fonnd as Bie knelt, and saw him, black in the face, rolling his eyeballs fearfully, while his teeth gnashed awhilly and a little jet of foam flew threw his lips. Then she shrieked with terror, and the black ened deed fell from her hands : at this moment, Polly rushed into the room. She saw the fearful sight, and echoed her sister's scream. But they were neither of them women to lose their heads, and beat the air with their hands. They got to him, and both of them fought hard with the un conscious sufferer, whose tody, in a fresh convul sion now bounded awav from the sofa, and bade fair to batter itself against the ground. They did all they Cotild to hold him with one arm apiece, and to release his swelling throat with the other. Their nimble fingers whipped off his neck-tie in a moment ; but the distended wind pipe pressed so against the shirt-button, they could not undo it : then they seized the collar, and, pulling against each other, wrenched the shirt open so powerfully, that the button flew into the air, and tinkled against a mirror a long way off. A few more struggles, somewhat less violent, and then the face, from purple, began to whiten, the eye-balls fixed ; the pulse went down ; the man lay still. " Oh, my God !" cried Rhoda Somerset. " He is dying ! To the nearest doctor ! There's one three doors off. No bonnet ! It's life and death this moment. Fly !" Polly obeyed ; and Dr. Andrews was actually in the room witbin five minutes. He looked grave, and kneeled down by the pa tient, and felt his pulse anxiously. Miss Somerset sat down, and, being from the country, though she did not look it, began to weep bitterly, and rock herself in rustic fashion. The doctor questioned her kindly, and she told him, between her sobs, how Sir Charles had been taken. The doctor, however, instead of being alarmed by those frightful symptoms she related, took a more cheerftil view directly. " Then do no not alarm yourself unnecessarily," he said. I( It was only an epileptic fit." " Only !" sobbed Miss Somerset. "Oh, if you had seen him ! And he lies like death." " Yes," said Dr. Andrews : " a severe epileptic fit is really a terrible thing to look at : but it is not dangerous in proportion. Is he used to have them ?" " Oh, no, doctor — never had one before." Here she was mistaken, I think. " You must keep him quiet ; and give hira a moderate stimulant, as soon as he can swallow comfortably; the quietest room in the house; and don't let him be hungry, night or day. Have food by his bedside ; and watch him foy a day or tiro. I'll oome again this evening." Not so those he left. Miss Somerset resigned her own luxurious bed-room, and had the patient laid, just as he was, upon her bed. She sent the page Out to her groom, and ordered two loads of straw to be laid before the door ; and she watched by the sufferer, with brandy and water by her side. Sir . Charles now might have seemed to be in a peaceful slumber, but for his eyes. They were open, and showed more white, and less pupil, thau usual. However, in time he began to sigh and move, and even mutter; and, gradually, some little colour came back to his pale cheeks. Then Miss Somerset had the good sense to draw back put of his sight, and order Polly to take her place by his side. Polly did so, and, some time afterwards, at a fresh order, put a teaspoonful |of brandy to his lips which were still pale and even bluish. The doctor returned, and brought his assistant. They put the patient to bed. " His life is in no danger," said he. " I wish I was as sure about his reason," At one o'clock in the morning, as Polly was snoring by the patient's bedside, a hand was laid on her shoulder. It was Rhoda. " Go to bed Polly : " you are no use here." " You'd be sleepy if you worked as hard as I do." " Very likely" said Rhoda, with a gentleness that struck Polly as very singular. " Good night." Rhoda spent the night watching, and thinking harder than she had ever thought before. Next morning, early, Polly came into the sick room. There sat her sister watching the patient, out of sight. " La, Rhoda ! Have you sat there all night ?" " Yes. Don't spea.k so loud. Come here. You've set your heart on this lilac silk. I'll give it you for your black merino." " Not you, my lady ; you are not so fond of mereeny, nor of me neither." " I'm not a liar like you," said the other, be coming herself for a moment, " and, what I say, I'll do. Yoa put out your merino forme in the dressing-room." " All right," said Polly joyfully. And bring me two buckets of water instead of one. I have never closed my eyes." " Poor soul ! and now you are going to sluice yourself all the same. Whatever you can see in cold water, to run after it so, I can't think. If I was to flood myself, like you, it would soon float me to my long home." " How do you know ? You never gave it a trial. no more chat. Giveme my-bath : and then nay wash yourself in a tea-cup if you like — 00: don't wash my spoons in the same water, for mm \f's sake |pji insa Gectionately stimulated in her duties, j Polly entering, Rhoda called her to the window, and showed her two female figures plodding down the street. " Look," said she. " These are fcton only women I envy. Sisters of charity. Run jw after. them, and take a good look at those beastly ugly caps : then come and tell me how to make one." " Here's a go," said Polly ; but" executed the commission promptly. It needed no fashionable miiliner to turn a yard of linen into those ugly caps, which are beau tiful banners of Christian charity and womanly tenderness to the sick and suffering. The monster cap was made in an hour, and Miss Somerset put it on, and a thick veil, and then she no longer : thought it necessary to sit out of the patient's : sight. The consequence was that, in the middle of his ramblings, he broke off, and looked at her. The BiBter puzzled him. At last he called to her iu French. She made no reply. "Je suis & 1'hSpital, n'est ce pas bonne i sffiur?" " I am English," said she softly. — From das- sell's Magazine. Melbourne agent : Geo. Robert son. (to be continued.) 