The election addresses are' beginning-' to fill the columns of the .newspapers and to invite the usual comments of politicians and ,. journalists. Mr.dCiti.let, Dr. '0'Dohebtt.: Mr. KnfO, and MriTrFE have broken ground on bghttlf of. tho Great Liberal Party,' and -Mr. AY.u,sh has issued a manifesto- to ,the electors of Maryborough. ,The latter; hon. gentleman'is a Minister bf 'the Crovnii' "and we shall'- wait to collato his sayings with those of his colleagues . before attempting to deal with ministerial intontiona. Three of the Oppositionists who have addressed the public are men of mark on their own side,, and -we purpose to consider thb hearing of some' portion of what they have said. "WJe njiss at tbo -beginning all.. notice of whatiwas-a.very-proininent item in tha poli tical ' programme last year. We seo and hear nothing ofprotection to native industry. Mr. .'Lillet: has nothing to siy about .it. | 'Dr. O'Douebtv is so devoured with zeal against the squatters that : he seems to' have no time . to . consider anything else.', . , Mri Ket.g appears bent on showing how amau —can contradict to-day everything ho isaid twelve months ago, .and yet consider himself, entitled -to be considered as well grounded -in- political- principle. AVe once knew. a. man of somewhat ordinary appearance; nnd not binetly squinting bat still marked by what was denominated a east of the.' eye. — AVith curious- but analogous obliquity of! self-kiiowlcdjjo he' would persist in declaring I that the seuu-squinL gave ndiatinguc chnrac- I ter to his - otherwise commonplace visage. AVefsuppoae tbnt Mr. Kino's political Bquint is relied, upon-by-him as relieving tho -other wise'1 mbriotonbus character of his politibal attractions; ''But we" confess that we have .no connuonce whatever m a gentleman s' consistency — or even in' his political- prin ciple-— who_n wo 'find twelve months quite sufficient. time_to enable him-to declare tho black.of 1870 .the white of 1871. . „ AVhen we compare Mr. ICrao's- opinions upop railways with Mr.-lrllei-s.-wo -are struck with tho want' of necordanco between the c'ttptaiu and thq lieufenunt. Mr. Lillet says that the line to . Brisbane, and -the line, to Expedition 'Range must be immediately provided for, and. leaves, the hope of Messrsr i Miles and MTiaviiArrij unnoticed Biit Mr. Kino pronounces thb lino-to Expedition Range a . delusion, and Will voto for that to Roma. ' To make iniitters worse, ' Mr. Kmo bwtycar denounced tho . Roma line-in' uii-' measured terms. , Dr. O' Don eiitt rides the Ingh ropos altogether, nnd in his general grandeur of denunciations overlooks such a vulgar necessity as particulars. - AVe confess' that wo don't quite understand what tho genial and kind-hearted city member .wants to .iwlvoca! o, . ultliougli ho it) clour cuouoji-in \- -DiH condomna! ion. 'He don't pre«eribe. He I simply abuses everybody elso's prescriptions. Let us, however, bo consistent. AVe have always insisted and shall still insist, -upon knowing on what policy oithor side or any person solicits "the votes of tho constituen cies. A policy of negation' we abbor. AVo must have 'something positive. AVhat aro I you propnrcd_to do yourselves, or advocate in others, and, why ?-. As to intentions, they are said , to contribute largely- to the pavo- ment of a nameless region, and they may be left without discussion, : Mew wo are told that railways will pro mote settlement,— but lioiy ?. By the nicu who work scStlmg on the lands," bays one ; " providing means for bringing produce to market," says another why, they always do !'" exclaims a third. But . if they will tburr pxomuta settlement, surely -one lino wis dfcit aa welksa anotheE. If. that quality Is inherent in a railway, it- don't matter- where they gp. "Oh dear no," says Mr. I j 'Lillet, "there is a preference to ho given. | AVo must immediately provide a lino to j Brisbane and one in tho North." ilr. Ki.vo, ! witli' uplifted finger and in 'solemn '.tones, j denounces tho line in tlie North ns utterly j useless tin- settlement and certain to bo uii- I productive in itself. But lie thinks that a lino to Roma will of course comply with tho required comlif ibiis. AAro. are reduced thon to the- belief -tliat in" "the - opinion -of- tliesc I gentlemen there is a preference to be given to some lines- over others— that- tbev do not of necessity involve settlement along or at tho termini of- their routes — and that local circumstances will, after all, have no small weight in modifying the application of gene ral principles. ''' Rut what is most aboiniuablv perplexing is "that when wo inquire which line will be tho best, not only do theto pro phets of progress not agree, but Mr. Ki.vo quietly cuts tho , ground away -.from ..Mr. Lillet's occupation., Tho lino to the North is usoioss, because the nature ol the country is such as to forbid settlement. Now, "what arc we to do with these contributions stnriug us" in the face ? 17 . . " It is as clear as the sun at noonday that the Great Liberal Party have ho common bond of principle on which thoy proceed with referenco to', railways. __It_.is equally clear that the loading principles of tho party are not the same to-day 'that they were yes- day.1 It -is .equally clear;that, to use Lord "CAsimEnEIan's"favorife"meta:phbr, oho lend ing member of that party has no objection at yearly intervals to turn his back upon himself. AVo then cannot bco how they enh | present themselves , to .tlie. country as ready to undertake its government ouweil grounded andjicconoinicnl-principies which they con sistently have proposed and still profess, and on which there is a common ascertained- bond; of union between the leader and his supporters. . Tho only union wo yot see is in the cry "bf " turn the' present holders of' office out." . This may be good euougb in its way, but wowiint to know why we are to put thoir; opponents in.. As .they havenrt agreed, and in ' fact contradict each other on tho leaning points, we are justified in assum- ing that thej:; have found no satisfactory reason, .ana unaer. sucn circumstances. may well imagine rthat they -had. better, reniain where thoy arc; Frost sometimes consoli- (intes atoms,' and if- thev are left out in the cold a ; littlo.jlbiigc'r they liiay come' closb' together. ' But' at the ilrst thaw wejnuch fear they .would run "each "into lus "separate gutter. ,, .It would, however,! bo- a. great1, error were .the Ministry to suppose that tbeieonstituen- eies which havo a general preference for them over uie'/Jront Liberal 'Party, or'Party | of progress, or whatever elso 'it" styles itself, are prepared ;tq..maintain that -all Mr. Pal- rltEtt's utterances, havoib'cen satisfactory, or all his opinions just.- "When the extension of the Southern and Western . lino, to Bris bane, or to the ,bav bovond, is cxbommuni- l eated as a wicked absurdity, thn senteuco .will lind-.no 'echo 'in" 'a "single southern con stituency. beyond AVcst Moreton, and by1 no means'; an .'unanimous acquiescence there. Neither, in the Northern or the 'Eastern Downs, nor in the towns connected with tlieni,- is there any hesitation on that point. They want the line— their representatives will hiiyqto pledge themselves to support it— - niid the electorates, wilf readily consent to any reasonable financial adjustment that will secure -their object. - AVe don't want the North --to ; pay-- for-'our lines, -and -most as suredly we won't pay for theirs; Common independence in those, matters is tho beBt guarantee for mutual good feeling. It rests with tho. ministry. to. show how easily :meahs may be. devised to meet the just requirements of the case. "' AVo are not giving -a mere ex pression of opinion on this matter. AVe are recording a fact which wo know , to bo clearly and indisputably ascertained. There is great: comfort in a consistent attention— to -the - just-- application—of right principles. Some . years back the Herald advocated the plan of local guarantees by" assessment. "or. some, equivalent shape rfor local improvements. That is now recognised I® the:method.for the day by - our northern frionds. . Tho Government havo no excuse. Justice to the north need not prevent tho line that is wanted, _ and justice to the north involves tho recognition of those sound prin- ciples which .will postpone such wild-goose- schemes as the lino to Roma until there are a fe.w people to. travel upon it There is cqurage -in makings -bold exposition of an avowed conviction ; there is more courage and infinitely greater merit in a_frank ad mission ;that that conviction cannot bo main tained. _ But we have gone far. enough at present. we sbaH" boo what is Baid about immigration and'the landTlaws. If there is such difficulty in arriving at "union" on so comparatively siiqpJo_ajnatter_asrrailwnys, wo expect no end of inconsistencies on those more complex and more important' subjects. In the mean time,;: where - is" the ghost of protection? ' ; ' 