SPEAKING WITHOUT A BRIEF. They appear to be rather a strange people iu Western Australia. In a late discussion on the Education question in the local Parliament, the Attorney General appears to have essayed to discuss the question without having any other than a very general notion of what it was abont. We make the following short extraot from i the proceedings of the House Mr Newman (a private member) omitted to give one strong reason against the hon. the Colonial Secretary's Bcheme. It was thisjthat he would defy the hon. gentleman to show that any publio body, when once they got what they asked for, were ever satisfied, and he would give the hon. gen tleman a long range; from giving a " lolly, pop" throughout all history, and he (the Colonial Secretary) woold fail to adduce ft single instance. The hon. the Attorney General was of opinion that secular education was all that waa required for the colony., But as grant* were given to the various denominations to the Chureh of England, VTesleyans Voices-No, no J The Hon. the Attorney-General-'Well, he waa in error, but still he maintained a system of secular education was the best. The Son.' gentleman then referred to the divisions in the Christian world as a scandal, He contended that all these differences were brought about by nice point* of doctrine. He referred to the separation between the Western and Eastern Churches as an ex ample. Th Xieene creed, and the doctrine of the FMofue, caused that separation. It was a point to which the human intellect OQuld not reach. It was not in the Apostles' creed, nor coold any one understand the pro cession of the Father and Son from the Holy Ghost. It was a subject beyond the human grasp. Yet it was adopted by the Western Church, by the Pope of Bome, and caused the separation between the Western and the Eastern Chnrches. All such doctrines owod their origin in the sublimity of the human mind. How oonld such doctrines be incul cated in schools F Again, take the Sacra ment. How oonld they tell that transmu? tation took place; it was beyond the human mind to understand, yet they took the Sacrament as a commemoration of the Last Supper. He might be thought speak ing against the tenets of the chnrch to which he belonged, yet he must say these I nice points of doctrine were the stumbling block in the way of religion. The hon. gentleman then referred to the Philosophers and Athenians of whom St. Paul spoke; and declared his belief in a secular system of eduoation, but as they endowed one sect in this colony, endow another. The Church The Hon. the Attorney-General-What ire the Bchools, then ? Voices-Undenominational. The Hon. the Attorney-General-Then is gome doctrine taught-What is it ? - .. Mr Shenton-History. - - Mr Bu»sell-Such portions of ths?Bibl> as are agreed to. [And so the diacuBsion went on.] 