THE Sydney Morning Herald has an article objecting to'the petition of certain news paper proprietors in favour of the postage on newspapers being graduated according to their weight. The first objection is that all the petitions are similar in terms and in the same hand writing. It is strange that this should strike anyone as an objection at all. It is quite possible that the petitioners will not object to the petitions being considered as one document, provided regard be had to the total number.of names attached. But if one petition only had been drawn up, to be signed by all the petitioners and sent by post from one to the other, it could scarcely have been completed in time for presenta tion during this session, to say nothing of the possibility of its going astray altogether in the post-offices. But after all the ques tion is-not in whose handwriting the peti tions happen to be, but whether their re quest is a just one. If it be, it matters not whether the handwriting is of one person or of many; and to bring this forward as an argument at all betrays the absence of really sound objections. The second objection appears to be that the petitioners are abandoning the claims hitherto set up to a favourable distinction between newspapers and letters. This charge however is quite groundless. The petitioners nowhere ask that the amount of postage on newspapers shall be the same as on letters; but they ask that the same principes shall apply to the one as to the other-the principle namely of charging by weight-the principle acted on in the case not only of letters but of book-packets and samples. A third objection is that no benefit would be conferred on the people generally. This depends on whether the people generally are newspaper subscribers or not. lBut here again the question is not of conferring bone fits, but of doing what is fair and just. In connection with this objection it is asked whether it is fair to charge " a penny or twopence for taking a Sydney paper full of English news to Parramatta, and a half penny or a penny for carrying a smaller paper containing chiefly local news, from the place last-nentioned to Fort Bourkeo ?" But is it fair to charge as much for carrying a paper weighing half-an- ounce from Parra- matta to Sydney as for carrying a paper weighing four ounces from Sydney to Fort Bourke? As a humorous correspondent once put it, " is it fair to charge as much for carrying a light paper a short way as for carrying a heavy paper a long way?" It may be remembered too that we have boon told repeatedly that the size and weight of the mails is so greatly increased by the newspapers that extra sums are charged for their conveyance. If this be so, it is certain that the large papers are more the cause of it than the small ones. A statementis made that many of the coun try journals are largely made up from the city papers. It might have been added;that the Sydney papers are equally made up from the country ones. Taking at random a copy of our own and of the Sydney Herald we find that we were indebted to the several metropolitan papers for about two columns of news, which would be much less when parliament is in recess; and that our con temporary was indebted to the country papers for two and a half columns. We do not know however that parliament need trouble itself much about such considerations as these. Another objection is that a graduated scale of postage would encourage the use of light paper, whereby the customs would suffer. It is possible that printing-paper may be placed on the free list as in Mel bourne; while on the other hand if the tax proposed by the treasurer should be agreed to, this itself will either have the effect of encouraging the use of light paper or it will drive printers to deal almost exclusively with the Liverpool mills. In either case the post age will have no effect. But in any case it could be at the very most but four, pos sibly only two, papers that could save any thing in the way of postage by using a lighter paper than at present. Having now gone through the objections of our contemporary, perhaps we may be allowed to add a remark or two of our own. There can be no doubt that the present movement would have been commenced long since only that hopes, encouraged by parlia ment and by several ministries, wore enter tained that the postal rate might be abol ished altogether. The subject has been under discussion, and cabinets have been troubled with it during almost every session since it was imposed; and so long as the present uniform charge remains, a continu ance of this may be expected. But should a graduated scale be adopted, the causes of dis satisfaction would be so lessened that we should probably never again hear of further agitation. That the postal rate is a charge for carriage has been the one objection to its repeal with which there has been a difficulty in dealing; but it has been dealt with, and successfully so far as argument is concerned, not so much by denying that the charge for carriage is fair as by denying that the pro sent impost is such a charge at all. In every case the rate of carriage is proportioned to the weight or bulk of the article carried. When this shall be done in the case of news papers, those who say the postal rate is a charge for carriage will have a very good argument against its repeal. At present it is open to contend, as we have always contended, that the postal rate is really a tax, and one too that falls heaviest on those least able to bear it. A wealthy metropoli tan paper can divide the impost with its numerous wealthy subscribers and neither will much feel it; but a struggling country paper cannot afford to pay any portion of it, and it falls heavily on the poor settlers who form the bulk of its subscribers. No dbnbt the country papers hope to benefit by a graduated scale: it is equally clear that the Sydney Herald-chiefly on account of the Sydney Mail which belongs to the same proprietors-prefers leaving the matter as it is. Both are interested. We ourselves happen to be so too: but so far as we can see at present our interest lies in the same direction as that of the Sydney Herald. In order that we may not be misunderstood, we would ex plain that every second issue of this paper is double the size of the other journals pub lished in the neighbourhood, and that there fore the probability is that under a graduated scale we should have to pay a higher rate of postage than they, and hence that we should be placed in a worse position in competing withthem than we occupy at present. Were we guided by interested motives we should therefore take the same course that the Sydney Herald has done: but we prefer, and hope we shall always prefer, to advocate what is just rather than what happens to be for our own pecuniary advantage. So3Jr years ago there was in Sydney a free trade association, the object of which was to prevent any interference with our then free trade policy. It had we believe branches in some of the country districts: it certainly had in Goulburn. But after a general elec tion in which the principles of free-trade were pretty generally triumphant it was dis solved, as it appeared to a majority of the members that its work had been successfully accomplished. We ventured to point out at the time that this hope was a rather sanguine one, and that it would have been better to have waited to have seen what course of action would be taken by parliament than rashly to conclude that all would be well. Some time afterwards the ad valorem duties were passed: now we have a proposal to double some of them and to increase the specific duties, the tendency of which it should not be forgotten is to drive away trade from our ports just as much as is the tendency of the ad valorem duties themselves, though there may not be so many other objections against them. Thus it appears that when freedom of trade was only thought to be in danger preparations could be made to defend it. At the first dawn of hope that danger was past these preparations were discontinued: when the danger actually came, when the mischief was actually done, no steps whatever were taken: and now that the mischief is to be doubled no steops whatever seem to be pro posed. For this unsatisfactory state of things the protectionists are not to be blamed. They are steadily pursuing their object; and if their friends in parliament fear shocking the sense of the country by boldly avowing their intentions and are proceeding cautiously, they certainly are not faltering; and having already so far achieved tsheir object as to have injured the trade of the country without benefiting the revenue or their supporters out of doors, they are now attempting to go somewhat further. Well, all that can be said is that they are persevering and consistent; and this in some sort may be considered to deserve the success which promises to await them. As much cannot be said of the free-traders, who themselves in a large majority and with arguments at hand to convince wavorers far stronger than those of their opponents, yet allow the victory to be snatched from them by forces inferior in number, but superior in generalship and it would seem in courage and perseverance also. WVIIEr a man has a good argument he will seldom use a bad one: when he relies on the precedents of past ages, he seldom has much elseo to rely on; when on the wisdom of our ancestors he either has little of his own or believes his hearers or readers have but little. "The good old days" were really the young days of society and of civilisation. Society was never before so old as now, nor had there ever been so much progress at tained as now. Society is like an individual in this respect: as it grows older so it learns more. When an individual is young, he is amused by foolish, it may be by cruel, games, is frightened by idle supersti tions, and his opinion on any given sub ject, except perhaps on knuckling down at taw, is worthless. So is it with society. In early times our ancestors were barbarians, naked, unblessed by religion, science, or art, and the slaves of silly and degrading superstitions. It may be said that those who swear by our ancestors do not go so far back as this. It matters not. The progress of the human race in knowledge and civilisation, except perhaps in one or two exceptional cases, has been progressive; and there seems no get ting away from the conviction that if five hundred years ago folk were wiser than now, a thousand years ago they were wiser still. At the one period men knew nothing of steam, of electricity, nor of the circulation of the blood in their veins; they believed in the witch's ordeal and all sorts of absurdi ties: at the other period they had neither shirts nor windows. The ladies swore round oaths; and the lords could not write their names. Nineteen out of every twenty were slaves, and the twentieth was a tyrant. But they were "the good old times," look'es; "the good old times." Doubtless if some dead and buried gen tleman of centuries ago could arise from his grave, as soon as he came to understand our present conditions, he could point out much wherein we have failed to profit by the les sons of experience. He might point to our wars and to our crimes; and here our pro gress has certainly been far from satisfac tory: but we do not think he could allege much against our advancement in the arts and sciences; and as to legislation, our small improvement therein must be partly ascribed to the too successful efforts of those who are constantly dragging up the ghost of the said dead and buried gentleman him self and pointing him out to us as so perfect a being that we are bound to tread in his footsteps under all sorts of pains and penal ties. It is a fact that very much of the legisla tion of modern times has been devoted to undoing the absurd, the mischievous, and in many cases the cruel, enactments which the wisdom of our ancestors taught them were necessary for their well-being. It is within the memory of many now living that a prisoner before the court of King's Bench on an appeal for murder, being asked to plead did so as follows :-"Not guilty, and I am ready to defend the same by my body," and pulling off a gauntlet which he wore, he threw it on the floor of the court. Had not the appellee cried craven there would have been wager by battle with all the formalities of the good old times; and as the accused happened to be a much more powerful and vigorous man than his accuser he would doubtless have established his innocence in the most satisfactory manner in accordance with the plan devised by the wisdom of our ancestors.* But we do not want to be hard on our poor old ancestors, though they did burn a trifle more witches than was quite the cor rect thing. Some of their laws may be ex cused when we consider the state of society at the time they were enacted: and it is but fair that we should give them credit for act ing in accordance with the light that was given them. But how little was that light ! There is nothing to convince one that we have even yet arrived at the full noon of civilisation and refinement; and for our own part we should say that most decidedly we have not. But Cimmerian darkness first, then a glimmering twilight, was all that our ancestors for centuries could boast of. * Case of Richatrd Thoriton, accused of the mur der of Mary Ashford, acquitted at the Warwick assizes and brought before the court of King's Bench on appeal for murder, the appellee being William Ashford, brother of the deceased. The singular occurrence hero mentioned led to the passing of the oact 59 George III, o. 46, abolishing criminal appeals and trial by battle. 