|t%ata[e, J^fettity &h; JACK'S AUNT'S FLAT CANDLE STICK. Jack — that is, Jack Wyvill, of course —-was one of the staff of the Sofmrday Startler^ a weekly journal, combining sen sation romance with ther political, and other intelligence. I was dramatic 'critic ofc. that organ, 'an ^arrangement which: suited one, because, having to do the theatres for the Daily Dashavoay, Ifouiict it no difficulty to reel off a second notice of the piece for the hebdomadel. Jack Wyvill was doing the leading romance writer and a few other odd things on the' paper. We took a fancy to each other, and spent many an afternoon, and not a few evenings, together. He was a gen tleman— that there was not a doubt of— but he was in sorely reduced circumstances ; and the anecdotes he related to me of the/time when he and a friend, who was an academy student, lived in a garret iii Gray's Inn, in a con stant state of siege by creditors, were as amusing as his stories in the Startler, with the advantage of being true besides. But, amusing as' they might be to those who heard them, they could not have been pleasant to the actors, and I said as much to Jack. ' What would you hayeP' fie answered. 'When you're dunned for, iponey you don't choose rto pay,5 it's LaU v«ry well ; you can ring the curtain down on the- comedy when you're tired. But when you positively can't pay, you 'must play — play it out to the last scene.' 'But, hang it. all!' said 1, with a recollection of stress of debt at college, and of its removal, 'fcouldn't you apply to your friends?' ' Hold hard, young man !' said Jack — he ' Was some four or five years my senior in age — in experience of the world and life more than that^—' you're using a word there which I always like to. have clearly denned. What do you mean by * friends V I had only one real * friend' then^— Jim Downes, the young painter I told you of, who shared chambers. He had exactly as much as F fiad — nothing ! If he had been 'possessed of a penny more than I he wouldn't have been a real friend. If you mean the ordinary article termed 'friend,' and procurable (while you have the money) in assorted lots, then let me tell you they would have been the last people I should have applied to, it being my experience that a confes sion of weakness to them is dangerous. There are only two sets of people, as far as my experience goes, who really will go out of their way to injure you—the friends you've always tried to help, and the enemies you've never tried to harm. The rest of the world doesn't know enough about you to take any trouble. . Now, give me a light, for IVe-let my pipe out during the sermon.' :?'..? 'I meant relations. Jack,' said I apologetically, 'when I used the conven tional vagueness you have very, properly pitched into. ' ' Oh ! that's even worse, for of all people in the world, one's rela tions ^are those who are least likely to prove one's friends. I have no rela tions, except a rich old aunt.' '.The very party to apply to!' ' Pos- sibly, but also the very party to be refused aid by — with a snubbing in ! Bless you, the old girl is serious. When she heard 1 was a * writing fellow5 — es- pecially of fiction (though for that matter I don't see much difference between a storyteller and a newspaper correspon dents—she resolutely refused to -see me or hear of me. Tracts I might have written, and remained in her favor. I never cared to bother her ; for I had al ways, as a youngster, been foolishly in dependent, and hated the notion of making up to her for her coin. I aaid I would make my own way in the world by my talent.' I was doing fairly well at the time. My college debts having been cleared off, I was keeping my terms at the Temple on an income which, with what 1 got by my pen, was more than enough for my humble requirements. I: was able to be of some assistance to Jack therefore — though only in the way of loans, which he scrupulously re paid when he drew his money. , Time went on, and I was. called to the bar. Jack was at my call- supper — and that was the last I saw of him for a long time ; for Fmy mother was taken seriously ill, and I was telegraphed for. I went home, and watched by her bedside until #he was taken away. I was very fond of her ; the only parent I had ever known, for my father had died while I was an infant. I was her only child. It was along time before I recovered from the blow, and the ar rangement of affairs kept me in the country yet longer- When I returned to town, I found the little world in which I moved knew me no longer. My place had been filled up, and had I wanted work — which luckily I did not — I should have had but a poor chance of procuring employment on any paper. I had dropped; out of the running completely. Several times I visited old haunts, chiefly in the hope of meeting Jack again. But 1 never ' fell in with him, and some one told me he thought he had gone off as ' sub' for a provincial paper. But one night as I was sitting alone in my chambers study ing a brief — 1 had begun to practice in a small way now — there came a timid knock at the door. I opened, and in came the ghost of Jack Wyvill. He had never — as my description of him will have led you to suppose — looked too robust, well fed, or prosperous. But now he was the shadow of his former self. We hardly spoke, for, after shaking him warmly by the hand, and thrusting him into an easy chair by the fire, I rushed into my larder with an instinctive knowledge that he was faint from want of food. When he had eaten the modest meal of cold meat and bread and cheese which my stores supplied, and drunk a little warm, grog, he and I began to talk. ' What has been going wrong, Jack ?' I asked. *' Nothing 3 at least not more wrong than usual. When I: saw you last 1 was going down hill— and there's not much difference now, I: guess — unless it ia that I must be pretty near the bottom of the hill; unless it happens to be the sloping side of a pit that shall be nameless.' ' Why didn't you come before?' ' I came so often and foundthe oak sported that I gave it: up.' I told him the reason of my ab sence for such a long time, and enquired what He had been doing. He took a 'note book from his pocket, full of that -thin paper which is known as reporter's ' flimsy.' ' Penny-a-line !' said Jack. 'Parliamentary?' I asked. 'Fires!' was the reply. ' But there are so many in the same line. Still,' he added, with a grim smile that reminded me of old times, ''I've one advantage.' 'Style?' ' No ; but as I am generally without a lodging, and hare to walk about the !streets all night, I get the start of the others.' I was horror-struck. The idea of such a man without a roof to. cover him, wandering about the 'cruel streets -^weary and footsore ! I cast an in voluntary glance at his feet, as this' thought occurred to me. 'Yes,' he said, seeing the direction of the look, ':That'si the worst of it .'' and he turned his foot up so that I 'could .see his boots' trere almost soleless, so worn and ragged we're they. 'You haven't an old pair to spare ?' At which request I used pro fans language that I trust the Recording Angel, acting upon precedent* was good enough not to set down in indelible ink. ' I vowed Jack should have a new rig-out, and a home in my rooms till things looked up for him. ' That will be never !' said he despohdingly. 'I have come down gradually and surely. If I had come from .the top .of, the stairs io_ the bottom. with one, crash; I might findt courage to ; hark iback i ; but hang' it all i ; Pve come down the whole flight, with a bump --n each: particular step/' 'How, did it happen?' 'f don't know! Bad; luck, competition,- and the spite and jealousy of others — notably ot that bloated imposter, Brown— John : Brown, ' who, ' when he was turned away by. his master, the chemist and ^druggist, for licking the antijjilious pills, .took to literature, and assumed .the name of.Plantagenet Brown. He never ? forgave me for j nicknaming him /Hoofs/ Toii remember he had the biggest feet and. the smallest brains ever known. If he could only have^jgone, through the world t'other end up, like Quilp's boy, in the *? Old Curiosity Shop;' he'd have been a success. He got me out of my rbniance work for the Startler, and contrived to wriggle me out of some other jobs. Then I had .to try my hand at * penny awfuls,' but that didn't do, as I couldn't refrain from punishing my high waymen heroes, and making my burglar heroes pitiful sneaks. My* last chance was working for a red specimen of a Jew, who tried to pass himself off for a Christian, simply because an ancestor of his' hap- pened to be crucified at the same time as the founder of our faith. I had. a fore-, knowledge he would be the end of me.' ' What an illiberal chap you are about Jews!' 'Always was — never got over being swindled at my first start by Blagg, who got me to do his work, and took the, credit to himself.' 'But he wasn't a Jew.' ' Zfo, but wasn't he exactly tike one? , Seemed, as if /Nature. had consi derately put that mark on him to save Christianity from the disgrace of him.' ' Jack, ' I'm ashamed of you— -your language isn't ! Christianity, - goodness knows-!' 'Gome! just you try and cultivate' gentleness .and forbearance . in my school — starvation and liomelessness.' I have only described Jack, and his temper, and his troubles, to show what he would suffer sooner than ask help from his aunt. He told me the old lady had made overtures of peace to him, but that^ they had come through a greasy syco phant, who hung about her in hopes of getting her money. The overtures, so Jack declared, ', were more insulting than neglect, and he sent his aunt such, a reply as silenced ail further attempt at recon ciliation. Her emissary was . a retired chandler, who had taken to preaching and collecting for missions. His aunt had said she hoped if Jack came home, that he would be a ' braud snatched from ithe burning' .by the sanctimonious tallow merchant.. Jack's answer was, that he would rather not be made a farthing dip of to be stuck in such a fiat-candlestick. Well, to make a long story short, I 4id what I could for Jack — gave him idle run of my rooms, a share of my purse, and \ procured him some copying ; for lie wouldn't consent to take a penny of me,' until he saw a chance of earning the money to repay me. At last, one evening when I came home to chambers, 1 found a slip of paper and a cutting from a daily journal. On the slip was pencilled — 'Loek at the cutting. Aunt departed. Went to her lawyers, more out of bravado than anything else. They knew nothing about the will, but believed there was a legacy for me. I'm off to find out.' I must tell the rest as Jack told it to me on his return. 'I went to the old girl's lawyers, as 1 told you on that scrap of paper. 'They were rather in a iiuff about her behavior, and offended: at J Old Tallow,' so they told me I'd better see what the legacy was. It seemed that a year ago an agent, who had been collector of her rents, had swindled her, and was detected by Old Tallow.—' Set a thief, &c.;' My aunt was furious, sold all her house property, and . even such , stock as she had, and put all the money she realised into the Bank of England, which she vowed was the only safe place for a defenceless woman to put her little, all in. Consequently she paid her lawyers their bill, and there was an end ~ of their agency, much to their disgust. Well, off I went to my aunt's, where I found, her old housekeeper was furious at the will, which left everything to OldTal-1 low, except a paltry legacy to me, about which more anon. * It's all a mystery to me, Master John' — she seemed still to think of me -as the boy I was when I used to spend my holidays there-— * and if you mean to dispute it I'll swear she was out of her mind. Bless you, she'd found that smooth-tongued vaga bond out, and that's what puzzles me so. She told me the very day before she made the will that she had overheard him and his wife— who came pretending to nurse her — whispering when they thought she was asleep: He had been saying how clever it was of him not to give you her message (which was aforgivingone, Master John), .and had .made you so savage that you wrote so as to cut off your' chance. *^hey talked about a lot of other things too, and quite opened the old lady's eyes to their wicked ways. And she told me so — as sure as you stand there, sir — and aaid how she'd defeat them by her will. Just fancy my as-' tonishment then, when I came to witness her will next day, and it gave 'all she had in the world to him, except her old china btedTCandlestick^ whiclr slie left to you/ Of course I saw %hat the legacy meant—' an allusion to my 'message— so I fancied the bldhousefeepef must have been mis taken about iny -aunt's SiBcovery arid re lenting. But she stuck to it- 'all the same. While we were talking who should come in but Oid Talloy himself , with a greasy smile of satisfaction, and a sneaking declaration that he forgave me my enmity and abuse. He had, he said, a ? sacred duty to perform — to ile liveif to me with his own hands my aunt's7 legacy. : He grinned as ie said it, for lie '. knew the allusion as - welT as' I did. * Here \ it' is, sir,* said he, *;in:exaet - accordance ; with the -instructions '- of -her will, to wit, 'The white porcelain flat candlestick which standsbyc my bedside, together ; with -all that it Gontaina.' There it is, sir !? Qood- diay!' ,' ' ' He look his leave hastily, for he saw something -unpleasant in my eye. He left me standing in the parlor with the candlestick in ivy hand, and went hur riedly downstairs, and, out of the house, before I could find words. The instant I recovered myself 1; flung ,up the window, and hurled the candlestick put into the street. There was a smash., and a loud cry of pain ! r The missile had^deBcended on Old Tallow's Head as he was crossing the Toad, had knocked. his 'i&t; over his eyes, ;and given him ai!nar-iisn rap on the terown. As soon as he-got clear of his ?hat', he beckoned ibo^jpeHceman who was standing at the corner of the next street. I hurried down to explain 'the accident, followeid by .the housekeeper. He in sisted to the ppliceman: that it was an assault, with malice prepense.. I appealed to the housekeeper to prove that I: had thrown the candlestrick away without looking out of . the window. But she, with a, woman's instinct, had picked up the fragments of the candlestick, with an unconscious wonder whether, it would mend. : She ^pulled the bit of candle-end out; the scr^p of paper wound round it came out wiih . it, became partially un folded. I- saw her give, a tstart,; seize the paper' and open it.-: Then she burst . out laughing,; and handed it to m«e. It, was a .cheque— -dated the day previous, to that on which the will had. been signed-— for every penny my aunt had in the bank ; in other words, for all her fortune. You should have seen Old Tallow's face then! /But look here, it's all r^gnt, isn't it? The qldr housekeeper will swear to. her. conversa tion about defeating. Old ^Tallow. The old girl wanted ' to pay Mm in1 his own coin, perhaps ; or, she fought if she ' made ' a different willlie'd forge one, and if she left the cheque for me openly he'd steal it. But what; I was going to say is, do you think the moaey-is! legally mine in case Old Tallow disputes it ? Her words w«re, ( the candlestick and all it contains.' ' That's the end of Jack's, story. I am engaged now in -examinnig his claim, and looking ;up the law of the«ase, on -i3ie chancepf Old Tallow's throwing the matter into Chancery.— -Temple Bar. 