BANQUET TO W. F. LAMBERT, ESQ. Tub oomplimontnry dinnor givou to Mr.' W. F. Lam bert, at tho Masonic Hull, wan not so numorously attendod as wub oxpootod, tho influonza — according to tho Mayor — having provontod many from putting in an appcaranco. _ _ Tlio Chair was ocoupicd by his Worship tho Mayor, . . -rr- rti..- x_n— is l it vr:ir....l tlio YlOO«Jiia»ro yy uii|fbuiu «uu4 »uu Tlio dinnor, provided by Mr. Cramp of tho Oritorion llotol, was on ndinirabio.ono, ovory poeeiblo proournblo' luxury boing liberally supplied, and wo noed ltardiy obsorvc, heartily enjoyed and fully nppreointod by tlioso prosont, Tho Hall was handsomoly decorated with flags and ovorgrobtis, and tlio tnblo ornamootod witli oporgnos illlod witli. flowers. : Tho bill of faro was not only inflnito in' varioty, but oboicc, wbilo tlio, winos, particularly tbo ohampagno and hock, brand " Xiieb fraumileh," woro magnificent. Tlio_ at tendance was period, nnd rarity of raritios, thu dinnor was sorvod up piping-hot, and tho wines woro dolioi- ously cool. Tho guosts ono and all oxprossod thum- solvos as moro than satisflod with Mr. Cramp's cater ing, and provod it by tho vigorous attaoks thoy made upon tho good things provitlod, and tho justico tlioy did to the results of tlio efforts of a capital cook. Tho party did not break up till mid-piight, many carrying away with thom as muoh as thoy could comfortably disposo of, without allowing that thoy had boon pour ing moro than usually profuso libations in honor of hor Majesty, Mr. Lambert— nnd Bacchus. Tho Chairman proposod tho Quoon, whioh toast was drank with groat enthusiasm, ns was also tho othor loyai oustb ol wiu nuym vaiuiq, iuuuoh muiwiuui, and tho Army and Navy, tho lattor being responded to by Captain Fooz for tho Army, Mr. Milford for tho Voluntoors, and Mr. Milman, and Mr. E. Macnroo for tho Navy. His Worship thon gavo tho toast of tho evening, " thoir honorod guost." In doing so ho said tlioy woro all awaro of tho faot that Mr. Lambort bad, ontiroly unsolicited, como forward to contost tho lato oleotion with Mr. Fyfo, nnd was unfortunatoly for tho district dofoatod. It was thon romarkod by a groat many who had supportod him, tliat aomo recognition should bo shown him for tho pluok ho had axliibitad in coining forward, tho rosult was a Bmnll mooting whioh led to tho prosout happy ono. (Loud choors). Ho rogrotted much that thoro wub not a largor gathoring, but lio folt suro that it was from indisposition and not un- wiilingllOSO thvt many u-nrn lint prOBOnt, UB llO himsolf oould answor for thrco or four who woro laid up from tho offacts of the lato variablo woatbor. (Choors). That Mr. Lambort was not eloctod to rcprosont- thom at that important crisis was a matlor of tho doopost rogrct to ovory sensible mun in tho con stituency. (Loud ahoors). And for himsolf ho folt moro proud in being amongst tho 185 who had votod for Mr. Lambort than amongst tho 385 who had oloctod Mr. Fyfo. (Choors). Mr. Lambert's non-suocoss was owing to tho fulso cry got up by some of tho loaders, of olass against oiass. A moro crronoous ory was novor boforo raised, and hn took that oppor tunity of stating tliat Air. Lambort wub not supportod Dy any oliquo, but by tho right-thiuking sonsiblo mon oftbetown, (Loud ohooring). Mon who did not want to soo tho country rotrogrndo, and who bad tho interest of tbo distriot at heart. (Choors). At tlio onsot of Mr. Lambort's Oommittoo's canvassing, tlioy had boon . promisod most liboral support, in fact 309 votos woro plodged to thom, and . only 185 kopt thoir word. (Shamo). Ho howovor would not dwoll on tliut Bub- joot' furthormoro than leaving tlioso mon who had brokon their word, to tho roproaoh of thoir own oon- scibnoos. (Choors). Ho bogged to propose tho boaltb of thoir honorod guoBt, Mr. W. If. Lambort — tho toast was drank amidst most onthusiastio ohooring and was accompanied with musical honors. Mr. Lambebt in rising to respond was roooivod very warmly, ho said : Ho had very littlo to say after what fallen from his Worship tho Mayor; lio (Mr. Livor moro) having Btatod what woro faots. (Cheers). Ho ro- grottod' vory muoh that suoh a falsb ory had boon startod aguinst him thut ho had como forward at the roquest of a oliquo — ho cmphationlly doniod suoh, for ho bolongcd to no oliquo, but had oomo forward of nis own iroo win, aaviug noiuing -out mo interest ol tho town and the North . generally, at hoart. (Loud ahoors). . During tho timo ho had boon amongst thom ho had rofrainod from, interfering with pubiio affairs until ho found that his servicos woro required ; thon only did ho offor thom. (Loud choors.) Ho was pre pared- to givo liis services without remuneration, honestly, and to tho bost of his ability furthor tho Interests of tho town and the North. (Loud ohoors.) But tho pooplo had docidod that ho was not tho man, and ho only hoped and trustod tliat tho man thoy. had; olo'o.tad.. would rcprosont thom as faithfully as ho (Mr. Lambort). would havo dono had ho boon roturnod. (Ohoors.) ' Ho should not havo opposed 'Mr. Fyfo \--whom ho saw prcsoDt — had ho thought ho would havo aatod' right to tho constituonoy in roforonco to tho railway question, ho opposod him on that, but ho trustod tbut ho would ohungo his ideas and tho party to whioh ho was allied, and join that from whioh olono justico could bo nbtainod for tho Notth (ohoors). If Mr. Fyfo would but do tbat, ho (Mr. Lambert) would bo ono of tho first mon to back bim up with all his influonco (cheers). Ho had ofton 'Changed his mind boforo to-.duy, and ho trustod Mr. Fyfo would from now, for thoy woro not immaouiato. Mr. Fyfo had more responsibility on his shouldors than any othor man in Queensland, and ho sincoroly \- trusted thut hb would reoonsider his policy (applauso). As a thinking man he fully .bolioved, as did also ovory ono who was . possessed of good common senso, that if tho Northorn representatives ..would only 'work in unison, tboywould bo ablo.to "got tho Northorn rail way without ond shilling further expenditure in the South. (loud. oheorB). Hodid not covet tho honor of representing -thom, but in , coming forward his on'y object was progress and not stagnation for tho North. ',(loud ohooring). Thoy had drank his health, and- ho realty could not find words to thank them for tho honor. Ho did not think ho was. entitled to suoh a mark of appreciation' as was shewn - him by tho assem blage prosont — ho had only dona what ho conBidored was his duty, and would do so again.' Mr. Lambort sat down amidst a storm of applause. Sovoral other toasts were proposod' and rospondod to, tho ohiof ono being tho hoalth of Mr. Lambort's Chairman of Oommittoo proposed by the guost, and rospondod to by Captain Feoz, who in a very effective spocoh thankod thom, remarking that ho had " workod hard for the truo, tlio just and tho right eauso, and although ho had beon unsuccessful in liis ondoavors to return tho right man, ho was satisfied with doing what every man ought to prido himself on " his duty. Tho order of toast drinking was tlion disponsod with, and Captain Fooz boing in liis usual liuppy humor, - treated tho compauy to somo of his favorito songs. Tlio company broko up at midnight, aftor having onjoyed thomsolvos to their heart's oontont. Mb. Fyke. — Looking towards tho North, wo soo in tho return of Mr. Fyfo — popularly known in Viotoria as Sandy -Fyfo — an unmistakable and popular triumph. Ho lias boon porpotuully assailed throughout tlio wholo of tho strugglo, and ovon boforo it, by tbo oidost news paper in tbo distriot, tbo Bulletin, in spito of whioh lie has bbon returned by such an onormous majority as should convince his onomies 'that ho is too many for thom, notwithstanding his honest povorty. Air. Fyfo has soon bettor days than any of his oppononts, and" oan afford to . laugh at their vulgar insolonco in allu- ding to his porsonal posBossions. Thore is ono thing whioh ho holds whioh cannot bo wrostod from him — an honost political heart, adhering steadfastly to po pular priooiplos, in Bpito of tho vapid ohattor of poli tical nonontitioB, and the taunts of ribald triokstors.— Ipswich Observer. Resignation. — It is with feelings of regret tbat we have to onouneo tho resignation of the Minister for Works within two days, according to promise. With all his faultB wo ioro him still, and wo aro sorry to loso him, for ho was groat fun ; but, knowing him well, wo know ho would not break a , promiso for tho world, so wo fool oortain his resignation is already writton, or will ho written as .soon as he roads that in answer to ;Mr; Shaw, i'.', Would Mr.' Palmor raako tho railway to. Expodition Rango a Government measure f" Mr.. Palmer is reported by his own organ, tlio Billetin, to havo nnsworod, " Yes, ho liad distinctly stated that.' // Mr. Walsh doniod that it was a Governmont mossure' 5 and statod ho would not remain two days in the Ministry if it woro mado a Govornment measure. Mr. Walsh demos, and Mr. Palmor nfllrms — whioh of 8? thom is " Walsliing," this timoP" — Queenslvnd JSxpress. ,-'s O.H.M.S. — "Tho Port Donison Times' says tho 5?® Colonist, " informs us tlint Mr. Nugent Wado Browne, 9 Mr. Walsh's brother-in-law, ' has tho priviicgoof sond- // ing his telegrams O.H M.S.' On Her Alajosty's Service I In the history of elootionooring, no moro & flagitious uso of Ministerial power o-n bo mot. And, '>% wo aro further informod by tlio samptipnrnal, that a S tolograin lmd " oomo to bund from AtsUaish,'' in tho S interest of his brothor-in-law, giving d stntoraont of S, Browne's opinions, nnd finishing by tolling him that ttioy need not bo afraid of his selling his constituents. This tologram waB also on Ilor Majesty's Servieo. Had !',< not tho rich Gympio Reefer, or tlio poor Ministor lor 4? Works— associates and partners in so many Gympio ife looses — sufliciont money to pay thoir own private 4' telegrams ? /; The New Gotbbnob. — Vanity Fair which doscribes S|- itsolf as "A Wookly Show of Political, Social, and // Litorary Wares." It contains a onrtoon whioh pro- lossos to bo a portrait of our now Governor, lho v Marquis of Normnuby, and at foot there is an intim- ' ation that tho Marquis is tho oighty-third Statesman that has been cartooned in Vanity Fair. Wo liavo no V moans of judging whothor tho artists on tbat journal r aro faithful painters of portraits, but wo can vouch for ( it, that tho Marquis 1ms not fullon into tho hands of / a flatterer. Tho oartoon represents a very plain looking old gontloman, Bitting in a most ungracoful position, and who socmB to bo suffering oxcruciating pain ill tho stomaoh. Iu apon and ink skctoh, whioh accompanies tlio portrait, tlio editor strives to mako amends for tlio sovority of tho artist. Ho says: — " Lord Norcr.anby is an oxoollont oxamplo of tho results that training ' and oiilturo can produoo in n favourabio subject. Ho has Bat in both Houses of Parliament, and supported Liberal moasuros liko a politician ; ho has govorncd ; Nova Scotia with aptitudo and discration liko a states- < man, nnd has oeoupiod in tho Royal Household tbo statues of Ouptain of tho Gontlcmon-ut-Arms and . Gold-Stick .like a courtior. His natural intelligence makes him at homo in any situation, and strengthened as it is by grout oxporionco, ho mav always bo cn/'ntcd upon to tako a prudent courso, to do prec| .. 1 the right, and, what is moro important, never tc do the ' wrong thing. Tlioso qualities will commend him to I that vigorous young colony of Quoonsland of which ho is now appointed Governor ; and liis passionate v devotion to fiold sports, and groat eooiai goniality, aro an additional security that bo will obtain thoir full sympathy nnd roady support in performing tho duties 7 ho has undertaken. Ho has, therefore, overy prospect of successfully ruling that distant dopoudonoy in a mannor tliat shall devclopo its own strength, bind it by slrongor tios to tbo homo oountry, and thus knit togethor more firmly tho componont parts of thcgrcat A British Empire." "fir Tub AIarquis of Normanby. — At tho luaolieon given by tho Mayor of Alclbourno in tbo Town Hall, to tho Govornor of Quaonslund, hie Excolloncy during bis roply to tho toast of his hoalth said " Liko aU uorsons in tho old country, ho had ofton road and hoard of tho wondors of Australia, (hor groat minoral woalth, agricultural resources, tho vast flocks she maintained, and abovo all, tho development of the fino city in which ho now found himsolf. In tho marvel ous aocouuts of Molbourno, ho had bcou astonished at tlio noblo hull in whioh they ware thon — a ball soldom equnllod in tlio old country. He, had also been muoh struck with tho Bplondid Pubiio Library, tlio Botanical Gordons, and .othor pubiio buildings, all of whicli ware ovidoncos of onorgy and industry; and ho trustod tbat thoy would long flourish ond.oontinuo to dovolopo thomsolvos in tho country,' It had boon bis good fortuno in early lifo. to visit another of Hor Majesty's oolonios, and sinco ho had landod in Ounuda on tho staff of tho army ho had takon a lioarty interest in tho coloninl Empire. Ho ataohod to tho oonneotion witli tho mother country tho most vital importanco, and wisliod to seo tho tios on ; oitlior sido composod of materials testing and permanent — tios of ntfootion, regard, and ostoom,. and, ho might also add, tho addi tional tio of. mutual solf-intorost. Ho was about to .proceed .to. tho youngest of tlio Australian oolonios— a oolony young in years, but which could not/bo measured by length of oxi9tanco by the ordinary turiis, whon it was considorod that ovorything had |0w4 dono in Victoria in' twonty yoars. It would Dcllis sincere endeavour to promote tho wolfaro and happiness ol ' ' tho pooplo amongst whom ho would bo placed ; and when ho loft, if bo had promoted that fooling bo would iool himsolf amply reivardod." ASinoudar Fubnoaibnon. — Somothing almost liko a ghost story, but whioh Booms to bo told by a cautious intelligent obsorver, has boon commanding attontion at Stratlialbyn, and ib thus related to tho Southern Argus by Mr. W, T. Trognlgas Whilst taking a walk yory ourly ono morning, through somo znotivo which I vauuub uuuuuuk iur, a naa niuuGua vj wane CUrOuga ine burying-ground, and ooming to a grave eurroundod by a wall, and oovorcd with a slab of elnto, I noticod on thoelate something strange. It was ecarcoly light enough to boo dietinotly at first, but after waiting somo fow minutos I could see it plainly, and it appeared to be a sido viow of a female. I could distinctly trace ths hoad and body and tho skirts, apparently full size. Not boing satisfied with tho Bight, I rubbod my hand on tho form and found that portion of tho slato was . perfectly dry, whilst tho parts outsido tho form wore vory wot with tho dow whioh had fullon ; and still not ' satisfied, I walked away and camo back in 15 or 20 minutes aftor, and still tho farm was there ; so I determined upon visiting it again next morning, which I did, and ooutiuuod doing so for a weok or moro. During this timo I only ,suw tho form onco after tho first morning ; but not boing a boliovor iu supor- natural japooarancos, I triod to doflno tho oauso, but faiiod. In tho oourso of conversation I told Mr. Morton what I had soon, and ho visited tho piaco and saw tho form, although not so plain as it was whon I eaw it. - Tlio form was to bo soon, and it has been soon sinco by others. Now, I boliovo there is somo natural 9. cauao wbioh produces this strange appcaranco, and fi perhaps Bomo person upon reading this will bo ablo to satisfy tho minds of thoso who havo soon it, for ; although many things havo boon adranood by people as to tho probable eauso, nono seem satisfactory to my mind and thoso who havo boon oyo-witnossos of tho ' sight; Of a similar character is tho following extraor dinary story, which is givon in tho Court Journal of 6th May All havo read with horror of tho bar barous murder oommittod on a young and extremely woll-favonred girl— a child ono might say — nigh on 17 years old, at Eltbam, in Kent, Tho painful subject ii roforred to in consequence of a vory extraordinary circumstance connected with tho girl's doath. Ths girl expired at Guy's Hospital at 9 o'olook on Sunday I . night. , A doctor, a nurse, and a detective policomsn . were in the room at the time, and thoy all ooncur in stating that at tho very moinont of her deceaso tbc faco of a man (appeared at lho window oloso to tbo , bed on wbich the marderpd girl lay. This mysterious apparition disappoarod as soon as tho policomau ap- proaohod the window, whioh by tho way, is about 50 ; from tho ground. Of courso there was no ono there. Thoro woro ho moans by whioh the window could bo reached irom the street save by a laddor, and ladder . thoro was none." Engeand and France in Revolution. — Lord Brougham in commenting on tho ( otrooitics originated by St. Just and his mastor, ttobespiorro, poiots out what ho oonooivCB to bo tho groat difforcnce botwoon . - tho English and French nations, arid its eauso. As ' Franco is again revolutionary, and has apparontly been rescued from a second Roign of Torror (through » sanguinary ordeal, it is true), tbo groat philosopher's | words may bo road with instructive ploaBuro, ana as a I oomplimont to English prudence. Ho says " Can anything more strikingly or' more frightfully impress upon tho mind a eonss of the mischiefs which may spring from popular onthusiasm, whon bad men obtain away over a nation liko informed, and uHablV or un willing to think nnd judgo for itsolf; ready to boliore wlintovor it is. told by interested informants, to follow wjiatovor is rocommondod by fnlso advisors acting for thoir own solfish onds P That no such sconcs could now bo renewed in Franco wo may very safety venture to affirm, though muoh mishief might still bs wrought by unduo 'popular oxoilmant. That in this (country (Englund) suoh thingB are wholly impossible nsods no proof ; .tho very lonst' of tho terrible doparturo from justice which marked: tho oourso of tho French mob- tyranny would at onco overthrow whatever person might horo attempt to reign by such, moans, sna : would probably drive ub into soni'-jjfSjElc' 'cv, opposite extremes to those whioh hsd QCwsn .. /.th to any outrage of tho kind. Bat this "socurity ariw wholly from tho poople's habit of thinking for them- ; selvos and the- impossibility of any one making them act upon grounds whioh they do not oomprehoud, or ; for purpoBos injwhich thoy havo no manifest interest, or to suit viewB onrefully concealed from thom, sua . | ouly covorppl over with vague phrases, wbioh in tnis Ii country are always the source of incurable distrust. It - ' Hi . Aran ;Lanqbynb Done Up in. Tabtan. Tho fol lowing jfetV S'esprif was writton' (says tlio'Gfajoio Star) by tho. minister of a email rural parish noar Porth, with r'ofornnco 'ta tho Highland boliof in'tho antiquity I bf the Gtadlio tongue, and' wo boliovo has nonr hifni..- ' i boon' published : — ; Should Gaolio apoooh boo'or forgot, i ' . And uovor brooht to tnin', '' r Forsllo'llpo spokoin Paradiao ' , j In tho days o! auld langsynol i AVIion Evo', nil fresh in boouty's ohdrms, ' . ; .. . . First mot fond Adam's view, ' ' JBfepilrst word that ho'U epoko till hor! 'Kwas " eumttr ooAiim cfS«." ,' ; And Adorn in his gardbn fair, '! — > . 'Whono'or tho doy did'oloso, 1 ' Tho dish that ho'U to euppor touk . ; : ' Was always Atholo broso. ' 4 ' ' When Adam from liis' leafy bower1 '' ; : . , Com' oot at broko o' day, '' - ' He'll, always for his morning touk . . . , A quaioh o' UBquobao. ' ' An' whon wi' Evo ho'll had a oraok; , ' Ho'll touk his snoojhin'horn, . , t . . . An' on tho, tap yo'll wool minht mark . ,j , . A! ponny-praw Cairngorm,, w t ' . V 'iTho snooshin' mull is flho, my frion's — ' ' " Tho snooshin' mull is gran' ' " ' '.Wo'll touk't a hoarty snoosh, my frion'a, ' ..' An' pass frab han' to hnn'. When man first fan' tho wont o'.olaos, ' ,j ; .... Tho ;wind an'. catild to flog, ' ' ' Hotwistodroon' about his .waist ;,!'," : . Tho. tartan philobog. 'J "" j An' musio first on earth was hoard ! In Gaolio acobnts doop, ' : " :i When Jubal in-his oxtor squoozod ; 1 ; . i'ii0 blothcr o' a slioop. ' % , Tho prqw bagpipes is gran',' iny frion's— . Tho praw bogpipos is flno ; Wo'U touk't another pibroob yot, . , ; . ' .! For.tho days o' auld langsyno ! ' ' . 