jfltet ffms. THE PUXTENEY-STREET SCHOOL.—In a recent leader we condemned the action of the Inspectors of Schools for suffering the name of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide to be posted up as ex officio'visitor of the Pulteney-street School while it was receiving the Government Grant. In justice to Mr. E. Dewhirst, the Second Inspector, we feel bound to. state what we were not aware of before, that he is in no way responsible for any of the violations of the spirit of the Act for which that school has become remarkable, inasmuch as the inspection of the city schools is in the hands of the Chief Inspector alone. VESSEL WANTED FOR THE NORTHERN TER- RITORY.—It will be seen from a notice in our business columns, that the Government are seeking tenders for a ship of about 300 tons to proceed from Port Adelaide to Port Darwin, Northern Territory, such ship to be ready to receive cargo not later than July 21. We direct particular attention to this as the tenders must be sent in by July 3, which will give sufficient but not excessive time for communicating, if necessary, with the other colonies. ADELAIDE FOOTBALL CLTJB.—A return match for colours will be played on the North Park Lands this (Saturday) afternoon. The following are the players: — South — Messrs. Ayers, Anthony, Burgan, Beddome, Baines, Conigrave, Calf, Dalton, J. A. Fergusson, Fitch, Milne, Masters, Oldham, Perkins, Sharpc, Spicer, Smith, Trimmer, Turner, Witherick, Wiltshire North—Messrs. Brock, Carruthers, Fenn, Fenn. Higgins, Horn, James, Jackson, Lake, Monteith, Nesbit, Reade, Sparks, Sparks, Sanders, Windsor, Watson, Watson, Wyly, Wvly. Schraders Band will be in attendance. .THE RIDDLER.—This week's " Riddler" wa published yesterday. OBSTRUCTIONS EX THK R.ULWAV.—We under stand that several attempts have been lately made to displace the carriages on the Northern line by the placing of obstacles upon the rails. Whether these have been the result of deliberate malice or simply of thoughtless'folly, we have little means of judging; but the effect in either case might have been equally calamitous, and efforts must be used to prevent their recurrence. Already rewards have been offered for the detection of the persons concerned, and we believe that every possible precaution is being taken against accidents. THE RAINFALL.—The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Friday and the same hour on Saturday at the undermentioned places:— Adelaide... Gawler ... . Tanimda... . Blanchetown Kapunda... Auburn ... Wallaroo... Moonta ... Clare ... . Buna Melrose ... 0-060 0-300 0-340 0-290 0-180 0-200 0-850 0-940 0-380 0-305 0-310 Port Augusta... Mount Barker Strathalbyn ... Willunga 0-390 0-100 0-050 0-250 Normanville ... 0-275 Port Elliot ... 0-188 Goolwa 0-250 McGrath's Flat Robe 0-040 0-020 Wentwor th, NS W 0"140 SERIOUS ACCIDENT.—On Saturday about 9 a.m., as George Thorpe, aged 17, was riding to Burnside, his horse shied in William-street, Norwood, near Crampton's Family Hotel. He was thrown on his head on a heap of Corporation metal, which was lying at the side of the road. The sufferer was attended by Dr. Benson, of Kensington, and subsequently taken to the Adelaide Hospital, where his injuries, which were found to be serious, were attended to by the House Surgeon. PORT-ROAD ACCIDENT.—On Friday evening after dark, as Mr. Schollar, of Waymouthstreet, hawker, was returning from Port Adelaide, bis horse shied, and running over a heap of stones placed close to the metalled portion of the line near the Alberton Toll-bar, caused the cart to be capsized on the occupant. Assistance being at hand, he was found to be seriously hurt, and was conveyed to the Port Casualty Hospital, where he was attended by Dr. Duncan, who found that he had sustained a fracture of the collar-bone and several ribs. From Mr. Schollar being advanced in years, his case is looked upon as very serious. He will be better known than by name as driving a cart with the words " The Mystery" on the cover. MARINE INSURANCE. — In the Melbourne Supreme Court ou Monday, June 12, Mr. A. G. Fisher sued the Adelaide Fire and Marine Insurance Company for £200 on a policy of insurance on the brig Sarah from Grafton to Melbourne.. The defence was that Mr. Fisher had misrepresented to the Company a material fact; he had stated, when insuring her for the voyage, that the vessel was then at sea, whereas she had not crossed the bar at the Clarence River, on which Grafton is situated. Mr. Fisher, however, swore that he had not made any representation about it; and the Jury found that he had not represented nor warranted hear to be at sea, but that, in fact, the vessel was at sea; and a verdict was given for the plaintiff, subject, however, to the opinion of the Full Court. ; AMATEUR GHOST.—A stupid girl of 17, wl.o is known, wrapped herself, in a white sheet, and frightened a little child who was passing the cemetery at the north end of Murray-street, Gawler,. after dark lately. The youngster was chased, and screamed with terror. Few punishments would be too severe for the perpetrators of this class of practical jokes. PRESENTMENT.—It has been mentiened that Mr. Robertson, whose death near Hamilton has been reported, was, on the morning of the day that the fatal accident occurred, in the Victoria Hotel (his property), at Will as ton, and asked the landlady to take a nobbier. She declined, and he pressed his request, remarking that it was the-last chance she would have of taking a gobbler-with him. .She asked what he meant; and he said, " It is the last chance you will have; I shall be killed before you see me again." FRENCH®ELIEF CONCERT.—On Friday evening, June 16,-a very successful concert was given in White's Rooms by the members of the Adelaide Liedertafel. assisted by lady and gentleman amateurs, who had kindly offered their services. Mr. Piittman acted as conductor, and Mr. R. B. White as leader. The proceeds are to be forwarded to the London Committee for the French War Relief Fund, and to be devoted solely to the relief of the French peasantry of the provinces devastated by the war. The arrangement of the programme exhibited marked taste and judgment. It comprised selections from English, German, French, and Italian operas and songs, and the whole of the performances were carried out in an efficient manner. The audience was large, and if the encores can be taken as an evidence of their satisfaction the whole affair was as great a success iastrumentally and vocally as we expect to hear it has been financially. The Liedertafel were encored in their rendering of " Heuschrecken Lied" (The Grasshoppers' Song), and afterwards gave " Frosch Cantala" (Frogs' Chorus), a melody highly suggestive of the popular "Hen Convention" in its quaint and ludicrous imitation of frog vocalism. Mr. DeNormanville followed with " Doughty Deeds," and Messrs. White and Ellard were recalled in a duet on the piano, " Norma." "Partant pour la Syrie" (composed by the mother of Louis Napoleon) gained an encore for Mr. Lyons, and Mr. Shipster received a like compliment in a song. Mr. R. B. White's performances upon the violin elicited an enthusiastic encore, when he substituted " The Last Rose of Summer." Herr Fischer and Mr. Ellard were much applauded in a duet, "II Marinari." Owing to the unavoidable absence of Mr. Finnis the violin solo was struck out of the programme. A humorous Irish song by Mr. Ellard was redemanded, when he gave " Ce n'est pas vrai" instead. The " Marseillaise" was well sung by Mr. Brooks, but is better suited to a number of voices. At the conclusion of the entertainment Monsieur Marval stated that the members of the Ladies' Committee of the French Relief Fund, of which Mrs. J. M. Solomon was Patroness, Madame Tocchi Lady President, and Miss M. O. Harford Secretary, intended to hold a bazaar on the 1st, 2nd, and 4th of September next, in order to raise funds to aid the suffering fanners of France by sending them seed-wheat. The Committee consisted at present of 40 ladies, who were working zealously for the furtherance of their object. Donations from those who could not find it convenient to take a more active part would be thankfully received, and could be left with any of the above ladies, or with Mrs. Wylde, of Rundle-street. MARINE BOABD.—On Thursday the Board met, but in consequence of the Press not receiving the usual intimation we are unable to present a report of the proceedings to-day. DR. POPHAM.—There is no improvement reported in the health of Dr. Home Popham, of Gawler, and Drs. Nott and Lewis are stated to be in daily attendance upon him. YE CHRONICLES OF YE KUSTTMS.—From the author, a Portonian, we have received a copy of the above headed production. It is a two-page tract, dealing freely with those who have to do •with the receipt of custom. VACCINATION.—The Court Journal says :— " We give it as a fact that a lady, who, with her lord' and master, had advanced considerably in social position from former times, expressly stipulated with her doctor that she was to be vaccinated from the lymph taken from a titled person. She mentioned a neighbour, a Counters, to whose lymph she said she would give the preference." NOVEL TRAM.—Upon the Victorian Government Mr. W. Buttler, of Sandhurst, has been impressing the value of branch-feeding lines constructed in accordance with the annexed description, supplied by him to the Mount Alexander Mail:—"The tramway is formed of sawn hard wood, resting on a limited number of sleepers. Rollers, three inches by six inches in diameter, are laid exactly in the centre from end to end of the line at distances of nine feet apart. There are no wheels on the carriages nor engine, &c.;, as the train travels on the rollers. On both sides of each carriage and locomotive there are perpendicular rollers, which guide the train by side rails on the tramway. At the centre of the tram attached to each carriage, there are flat steel rails resting on the rollers when in motion. Of course there are no cranks nor axles. The power is applied by the piston-rods of two cylinders, each joined to a claw, which alternately catch bars lain nearly across the .centre of the line. Thus the train may be drawn up any incline gradient. Cuttings are avoided, and perfect safety ensured. The cost would be about £800 per mile—more durable than other lines—in fact, plant and all cost comparatively less from prime costs and repairs than any description of railway whatever, and can be quickly formed from colonial products. The weight of the plant is greatly decreased. I have also suggested that lines may be made so that the second line is elevated above the lower one (so as to avoid collisions) resting on posts seven or eight feet over the other below it, thus saving width of road and providing against floods. The progress of the train can be stopped instantaneously." TAKING-IN RELATIVES.—The Arr/v<s publishes a few scraps from the biography of a "ragged, battered, and dissipated looking man" named James Stanley, who recently was brought before the City Bench on a charge of vagrancy. He is connected with a very good family at home, where he became a solicitor. After passing through a varied experience in a life of dissipation he was sent by his friends to Australia, and took as his companion a woman of bad character, whom he had made his wife. For a time his friends remitted sums regularly for his maintenance, but becoming tired of his incorrigible indolence they left him to his own resources. He parted from -his wife, and was soon reduced to a position of great indigence. He continued to sink lower and lower, until he was almost destitute, when he bethought himself of a notable expedient for raising money. He caused a letter, probably dictated by himself, to be written to his relatives at home, purporting to come from alodginghouse-keeperin King-street, who described how the wretched black sheep of the family had died penitent, and seeking forgiveness for the disgrace he had brought upon his name. The writer, in describing the death-bed scene, " piled up the agony" with discrimination, and narrated how the dying man had besought as a last request that his relatives should be asked to erect over his lonely grave at the antipodes a white marble monument to mark the spot where his troubled life had terminated. The " family," en receiving the letter, felt their sorrow mitigated by joy that the disgrace of the family was no more, and with alacrity sent out £100, which the writer represented would lie about the cost of a monument such as the deceased had desired. It is needless to say that the " black sheep" got the money himself, and had a "glorious spree" as long as it lasted. He made no secret of the dodge, but, on the contrary, boasted loudly of it in saloons and bar-rooms to his boon companions. PRESERVING BUTTER.—A scientific resident of Gawler has handed to the local Times some information as to a process by which it is stated that " butter may be with more certainty preserved fresh and good than by any other method of potting. It must be taken while fresh and sweet, and put in a jar, which is then placed in a saucepan or vessel of hot water, but kept below the boiling-point, so that the melting may proceed gradually. When the butter is perfectly liquified it should be taken out of the saucepan, the thin scum taken off the top, and the fluid butter poured into the vessel in which it is intended to be kept. There will be a quantity of casein and refuse at the bottom, which must not be allowed to miv with what is to be kept, but which may, in part at least, be used, while fresh, as butter. This refuse amounts in some cases to nearly 25 per cent, of the whole, but this would of course depend on the purity of the butcer in the first instance. No salt or any other antiseptic is necessary to preserve the butter thus prepared. It simply requires to be run into the vessels in which it has to be kept and fastened down from the air. It hasa rather rough taste, like butter that has ' run to oil' and afterwards cooled, but is perfectly homogeneous, and of a good uniform colour throughout. We believe if this were carried out on a large scale it would be found far superior to any plan of salting or potting hitherto tried. There is an entire absence ef ' tallowy' flavour, and only the pure oleaginous butter is preserved." 