CRUSHED TO DEATH IN A CATHEDRAL CLOCK. Tho bcll-ringor in tho cathedral of Wurtz- bnrg haB peris hod nndor vory singular cir cumstances. Tho church possesses a splen did clook, with, ponderous and complicated works, wliilo a pendulum of proportionate length vibrates to and fro with a dull and monotonous thud. Recently the clock need ed oloaning, and tho ringor was deputed to superintend tho work, though ho rnefully endeavoured to be excused from tho task. It seems that ho never willingly approached tho belfry from certain unpleasant associa tions. About twenty years ago ho killed his predecessor in office, accusing him of carry ing on a criminal intrigue with his wife. When brought to trial He escaped the gal lows owing to a deficiency of legal proof. Tho patronage of ono of the canons thon pro cured him tho appointment vacant through tho death of his victim. Hence, it is said, arose his superstitious dread in connection with tho belfry, which was supposed to bo haunted by the ghost of the murdered ringer. On tho morning when tho clock was to be cleaned it suddenly Btopped, nnd tho bell- ringer was nowhere to be found. A workman from tho town was sent for, and ascended the tower, when ho was horrified to find the pen dulum and lower works dripping with blood. Upon searching further, the body of tho bell- ringer was found entangled in the work, frightfully mangled and crushed. Ono sup position is that ho committed suicide by climbing up tho pendulum and then pitching himself into the middle of the machinery of tho clock. But tho wonder-loving gossips of the place, with a thoroughly Gorman pro pensity for the horrible, declare that tho guilty man, upon reaching the gloomy cham ber wherein tho works revolved, was horror- stricken by tho apparition of his predecessor sitting aside tho great balance-wheel of the clock, and had then been drawn into the works in a species of horriblo fascination similar to that which tno ratticsnalce is said to. exercise over its prey. There sat the spectre, rubbing his gory hands with hideous glee as tho victim was slowly drawn in among tho cog-wheels and ratchets of tho machinory. An agonizing yell, a crushing of bones, nnd all was still ! Such, according to the Italic, is the newest legend of the belfry of Wurtzhurg. Never reason from what you do not know. If you do, you will soon believe what is ut terly against reason. — llamsag. Pumwng Am. — A correspondent, speak ing of our legislative celebrities, says : — There is a gentleman who frequents the Houses of Parliament whose name does not appear in public, hut without whom our Legislature would faro badly. This is Dr. Percy, the well-known metallurgist. To him is intrusted the important duty of superin tending tho ventilation of our two Legisla tive Chambers. This office involves great care as well as scientific knowledge. It may seem strange to say that the amount of fresli air which has to be pumped into tho Houso depends upon the business of tho evening. But so it is. On an important debate, when tho chiefs of parties are likely to speak and the House to be thronged, Dr. Percy has to incrcaao his supply, and his mechanical ar rangements are so complete, that he can al ways tell if a favorite speaker is up. Tiie Census of Belfast. — Tho result of the census returns for Ireland, as a whole, will, like tho two previous decennial num- bcrings, show a decrease in population, hut Belfast shows an increase of 50 per cent, on the population of 1SG1. Tho population of Belfast on tho 2nd of April was 174,394, so that, from being the eighth town in Ireland, as it was 100 years ago, it is now, whether as regards population, commerce, or manu factures, the eighth or ninth town in the kingdom. Ono hundred years ago Dublin, Cork, Limerick, Galway, Derry, Watorford, and Drogheda were each of moro impor tance, whereas Belfast is now exceeded in the whole three kingdoms only by London, Glasgow, Manchester, Liverpool, Birming ham, Leeds, Sheffield, Edinburgh, and Dublin. The religious census of tho town shows that the total 174 30+ inhabitants may be olossed as follows : — Presbyterians, 60, 8U ; Roman Catholics, 55,501 ; Episco palians, 48,043 ; and other denominations, 10,039. — Standard, 8th .Tune. Effeminacy. — A contemporary, remarking upon this "dogcncrato age," says: — "Wo havo had a recent example of how impotent on tho battle-field are the votaries of luxury and dissipation against the cultivators of the simple and manly virtues ; and it is signifi cant that tho keen contemporary satirist who describes tho discomfiture of our army at tho ' Battle of Dorking" points a similar moral. If suoh a disastrous consummation is to bo averted, it will only ho by a revulsion from the Parisian mode of life now so popular among us, back to the more masculine vir tues on which we used to prido ourselves, and of which our kinsmen across the Rhine havo given so effectivo an example. The Pulpit has now beon reinforced by the Bar in plonding for tho manlier virtues. We have littlo doubt that Medicine will not bo found wanting beside her professional sisters in aiding the good work of social regeneration." A Brave Act. — A young boy named Crockford, while running across tho boom at the entrance to tho East Dock, Cardiff, fell into the water, and immediately sank. A young sailor, who was passing with his young brothers, dived after tho hoy. 1 The two brothers followed their elder brother on to tho boom, and fell into the water. When the Bailor rc-appeared with tho lad, and learned that one of his brothers had sunk, ho let him go and dived for his brother, whom ho quickly brought up and handed to the people on shore. Again ho dived after tho uoy, anu orouyuu uiui up ocwhu www his strength was so exhausted that ho was unable to swim to tho quay wall, but a boat- hook was extended to him, by menus of which ho was brought to shore, still holding tho lad by the trousers. Both are now living. The case has been laid before tho Royal Humane Society, with a view to this bravo act being properly recognised. 