PEOSECUTION OF. THE REAr. ME. VOYSEY.. (From tho Jfetes of the World, Novemhvr 20.) BEFOUE tho Archbishop of Canterbury, tho Lord Chancellor, Lord. Chelmsford, and Sir É, J. Philli moro.-VOYSEY v. Kor.LE.-This case, hoing an appeal from an interlocatory order mado in a Buit instituted in tho Chancory Court of York ugainst the defendant, the Rov. C. Voysey, rector of Healaugh, for heretical writings and opinions pub- lished and maintained by him, came again before tho court for formal judgment.-Sir ll. Palmer stated tho case on behalf of tho promoter, enume- rating the several Articles of Bcligion which tho defendant waa charged with having contravened, und also tho points in which he had set nt defiance the teaching of tho Liturgy. Ho read and com- mented on various passages from tho Sling and tho Stono, and tho published Hermons of Mr. Voysey, including, among others, the following:-"The total absence of allusion to a substituted sacrifice ? as tho modo of removing the curse and nppoasing the wrath of (rod is shown in two ways-by tho fact that there was no curso to rcmovo, no occusionior tho sacrifice, and by tho absence of a single word from God to Adam and Eve about redemption and atonement. These ideas evidently had not entered tho mind of the writer of this narrative. They wero specially a later growth -i.e., a mixture of Judaism and Gospel, and totally at varianco with the teaching of our Lord and Master. If such a theory of tho curso and recovery had be ki true, and if the narrative in Genesis-was mirucuïusly suggested, it would surely have con- tained avlircct revelation from Almighty God in reference^) tho sacrificial substitution of Christ as a matter of tho very highest importance, not only to Adam and Eve, . but also to every ono of their posterity." .... "Wo need forgiveness and the sense of reconciliation with God, and on that very ground we reject as useless, nny, na absolute hindrances to our reconciliation with God, any thoughts of His requiring tho death of an innocont being in our stead. Such a theory would most effectually bar us out from the possibility of filial love to our Heavenly'Father " . . . "DHs infinitely erroneous and dishonours ing to God to think that Ho could not bo merciful to men except by refraining from punishing them, and by punishing another in their stead. Such an uct would in itself be the height of injustice. It would also j bo only the pretence of mercy. Thero would be no mercy in letting tho sinner go freo if the penalty had beon exacted from some one else all tho eatno." . . " And although the doctrino of God's poirring out His wrath upon the Beloved Son for our sukes is, perhups, the most rovolting of all the popular beliefs, yet oven that has taught tho world some grand con- ceptions of self-sacrifice and love for the guilty, which havo in all ages Binco Christ ennobled man- kind. We should, perhaps, havo to go vory far baok into the Divino plans and purposes in ordor to got absolutely true views of what salvation is. At best we cnn only correct somo glaring errors, and throw a littlo fresh light on old paths. But even this is bottor than keeping up and hand- ing on from generation to generation viows of God and of His dealings which degrado Him far below tho lovel of bad, cruel, and revengeful men, and views which professedly start with a condem- nation of this world's duties and engagements, .and a denial of tho value of common virtue"-Tho Archbishop of Canterbury : Might not tho defend- ant in that last passage be referring, not to the doctrine of the Church of England, but to certain exaggerated doctrines of tho Calvinists ?-Sir H. Pidmor said ho should be very glad if this view could bo established. But consistently with tho other expressod opinions of the defendant, ho thought it would be difficult to Bay that he was not intention- ally combating tho doctrines of the Church of Eng- land. Tho defendant wrote:-"We do not, there- fore, need any atonement, nor any justification. Wo need no atonement, for God requires none. Wo do not want to be justified, wo do not wont to be accounted righteous nt all, when wo are not righteous ; we only desire to be made righteous in God's good time.So we leave these .Pauline doctrines for those who need them, thanking our Heavenly Father that through his Son Jesus Christ wo have learnt a better and suror way to that * peace of God which passeth all understanding.'" . . . I " Tho departure from these simple views"-that the i only sacrifice in which God delights is a troubled I spirit-were assorted by tho defendant to have " lod ! to all the later corruptions «f Judaism and Chris- tianity, to all the monstrous superstitions of tho Church of Home, and to tho revival within our own Church in recent times of the doctrino of sacrifice in tho Lord's Supper." . . "To UB God is a Fathor, nnd wo are His children ; and, if this be trae, it ¡.sweeps away tho dusty cobwebs of mediation, inter- cession, sacramental sacrifice, and all the sacred and .consecrated follies which grow out of it. Wo want neither altar nor sacrifice, neither victim nor pries ; no sprinkling of blood nor fumes of burning incense to render our approach to tho morey seat of God moro rovercnt or moro successful." Further, upon tho I doctrine of atonement this language was held by Mr. Voyaoy :-" That God who can eave all mea from their unrighteousness and yot hereafter will not do so ia ono with whom to dwell would he everlasting: torment. Tho God who would savo all but cannot is no Almighty God at all ; and the God who would only rescue from ruin jit the prico of another's suf- fering is tho worst of all false Gods, inasmuch as this is the lowest abasement below the common lovel of human goodness yet roached. . . I know well on which Bide the suffrages of tho best of mankind would bo given if these viows were put to tho vote. I know that, in spite of tho influonco of priests and ministors of religion, in spite of much self-condom nutiou, which ia right and true, tho heart of man, ns God made it, would at onco declaro that it is more in accordance with tho Creator's will that the hoarta of His croaturos should rejoice in His prosenco than thut they , should quail and shrink before it OB a threatening power. I know, too, that tho best of men, if not all. men, believe in their hearts that it is bettor to desiro to be mado righteous than to deidre to bo accounted righteous ; that it is better to go boldly to God's footstool with tho prayer, ' Cleanse Thou mo from my secret faults,' than to go to Jesus saying, "Rock of Ago», cleft for me, "Let mo hldo myself in Thee." As to tho Atonement itself, this 'was tho view taken by the defendant :-" In what sense the denth .of Jesus ChriBt was a substituto for tho punishment of your sins or mino I cannot discover. Thcologinns may bo right, but until I can eco reasonable ground for their opinion I must keep my own. I can surely seo, and thankfully confess, that His death has done mo rjood, that his aucrifico has been beneficial to the world in teaching and encouraging truo horoism, true manliness, and truo obodienco to God's will. Had Ho not been martyred for tho truths which Ho tnught, those truths would probably have been far longer in making their way among men, nnd England ut this hour might Btill havo been in pagan darkness. But then I know that this ia not the common menning of tho words ' Christ suffered for us, and I do not wish to pretend to put that meaning -on them while I um using thom in a totally different sonso." . . . " Tho notion of interces- sion I havo ulroady shown to bo partly Jewish nnd partly Pagan. It is sadly out of placo in a System of doctrine professing to be of Christ. It is u relic of bygone fear and dread of that nil-loving, aU-mercifi One, whoso name of Father was so dear to Chri himself, and whoso fatherly lovo was the Gospi which Jesus delivered to mankind." Sir li. raime made several othor quotations from defendant's wor to the same offect. The Gospel of St. John was especially singled out for attack by tho defendant These were some of tho remarks contained in his writings:-"Tho author of this passage must have had tho very meanest opinion of Jesus Christ which was ever held. No modern Atheist or Socialist coul say unything more derogatory of our Lord than to say that He said, ' All who ever came before me were thieves and robbers.' . . The only question remains, if our Lord did not say this, how came it into St. John's Gospel? I can only answer to this, that this Gospel contains made-up speeches composed by the writer for tho occasion, and written with a special object to establish certain theological doctrines which Christ himself knew nothing of, and said not a word about in tho other Gospels." This was the character given of St. John's Gospel by a clergyman in the Church of England. He went on to say:-"Prayer in the name of Jesus was quite a new thing after the death of Jesus Christ, and is not sanctioned by his discourses, as recorded in tho first three Gospels. The fourth Gospel, you now know, was probably written, not by an Apostle, but by an unknown writer in tho second century, and I leave you to judge how far it would be possible for any one of us, even in our literary days, to write with perfect accuracy tho discourses of a person who lived 130 years ago, and which had never been committed to writing before. "We should have to draw very largely on ' our imagination, I think." Sir lt. Palmer, having been continuously engaged for close upon four hoivs in reading an< commenting upon tho passages extracted fron tho writings of the defendant, brought his addres to a close with some legal references having for thei object to show that in tho important issues raised ii this cause tho statuto law strongly supported thi law of tho Church.-The Solicitor- General followei on the same sido. THE »EV. Mn. VOYBEY's DEFENCE. Tho Rev. Slr. Voysoy, being called upon for hi: dofenco, said ho had remained in tho Church.ant taught aB he had dono sololy because ho bolievec that it was a clergyman's duty, as well as his right to tench openly whatever ho believed to bo truth n: drawn from tho Holy Scriptures, according to tl» vows made in Ordination, so long as ho did not con tradict any statement in the Articles and Creeds This trial was not simply a contest between ont member of tho Church and another. It was thi battle-field of two great parties, representing on ont side most of the earness traditionalists, and on tht othor most of the not loss earnest and religious mon whose thoughts wore in harmony with tho. highes1 culture of tho age and tho latest conclusions o science.* Ho could not forget that ho was tho mouth Îiioco of hundreds of brother clergymen and of a verj urgo nnd increasing host of laymen. From unmis- takable public indications, and irom an enormoui muss of priyuto correspondence, accumulated during tho last five years, he had overwhelming evidence o tho spread ol' thoso views which he advocated, ant] of tho increasing interest taken by tho clergy and laity of this country in tho success of his cause. Or all the doctrinos alleged to have been impugned bj him eminent divines of unimpeached orthodoxy bad departed from the spirit and sense, and in somo caso3 had contradicted the actual words of the Articles and Creeds. Ho had at once ti sutlicient defence in the words with which Dean Milman concluded his history of Latin Christianity, and in which ho asserted his conviction that " thc words of Christ, and His words alone (tho primal indefeasible truths of Christianity), shall not yass away"-a proposition which loft as unquestionable thoso words only which should bo proved to have boon really uttered by Christ ; and not, for instance, thoso which, concluding tho second Gospel, wore now rejected on almost all hands as unhistorical, ont) which, wo wero free to. assert, contained statementi not to bo reckoned nmong tho primal indefeasible truths of Christianity. The Archbishop of York, in his Aids to Faith, Baid :-.' The clouds of God'f auger gathered tbiok -over the whole human race i they discharged themselves on Jesus only. He came to reconcile mon and God, by dying on tho Cross for mon, and bearing lUeir punishment ir their atoad" (lnngungo which was not justified by the Articles) ; nnd further, " So long ns wc believo that the wrath of God, because of our dis- obedience, fell in tho shapo of afiliction on Him who had so acted as to please God, tho terms in which it may bo expressed may bo suffered to vary." It was patent that these views, and the ideas cmbodiod in them, were not imposed on any ona by tho Articles or Formularies of the Church of England, which nowhere spoko of the wrath of God as falling upon Joaufi, or of His suffering in our stead.-The Arch- bishop of Canterbury : These passages which you are now citing, aro thoy illustrative of tho com- monly received notions of Christianity which you oppose, or passages in support of your own opinions?-Rev. Mr. Voysey : Partly one and i partly the othor.-Lord Chelmsford: But if you show that these -persons hftvo contravened tho Ar ticlos of tho Church, how will that justify you ?-Rev. Mr. Voysoy : I assume that all these writers aro irreproachable, and that my writings ought to stand on the same footing. Sir R. Phillimore : The argument comes to this, I think, that we should have to try every ono of the divines whose writings you cito. (Laughter.)-The Rev. Mr. Voysey said hb was about to quoto from an authority that, he fancied, would not be disputed. Ho prayed their Lordships to hear in mind those extracts from tho writings of the late Dr. Arnold: "I have long thought that the greater part ot the Book of Daniel ia most certainly a very late work, of the time of the Maccabees ; and the pretended prophocy of tho Kings of Greece and Porsia, > nud of the north and south, is mere history, like th6 poetical prophecies in Virgil and elsewhere." " Cyrus is ?aid, in many commentaries, to ho a type of Christ, by which I understand that the languago applied to him is hyperbolical, and auitfl properly only Him who is the roal Delivorer of Israel and Conquoror of .Babylon. And the passage about tho « Virgin con- ceiving,' ¡co., has a manifest historical moaning, as applied to Isaiah's wife ; the sign being one of time, that within the growth of an infant presently to be born Syria and Israel should be overthrown."-Sir R. Palmer asked whether the passage just quoted from the writings of Dr. Arnold was not from a private letter?-Tho Rev. Mr . Voysey : Very possibly; but it was contained in the published uccount of his life.-The proceedings were then adjourned. CONTINUATION- OP MK. VOYBEY'S DEFENCE. Tho next day Mr. Voysoy resumed his dofenco hy observing that his object had been,-.when speaking of the Bible, to sweep away from tho path of his fallow men everything which might place a burrier of distrust between themselves and God-which might load them to doubt His justice and to question His love. In justification of this, he referred to tho works of Mr. Maurice, and again io Bishop Tbirl wall, quoting tho following passage from a chargo delivered by his lordship in 1802:-"A great part of tho events related in tho Old Testament has no moro apparent connection with oar religion than those of Greek and Romnn history. The history, so far ns it is a narrativo of civil and political trans- actions, has no oeaential connection with nny religious truths." "Tho numbers, migrations, wars, battles, conquests, having nothing in common with tho, teaching of Christ, with tho way of salvation, with tho fruits of the Spirit. Coming to the formularies of tho Church, he maintained thnt ho hud novor spoken of them with disrespect. Why was tho liberty of criticism to bo denied to him which was exercised by tho members of tho Ritual Com- mission in spanking of the Athnnasian Creed, and in respoct to which tho Archbishop of Canterbury had enid it would huvo been a wiso course if tho Com- mission had decided that it should not retain its placo in the service of the .Church. Bishop Thirlwall protested against its compulsory uso ; whilst in the Articles it was asserted that the Creed was thoroughly to bo received and believed, because it could be provod by most certain warrants of Holy Scriptures. 'J ho present Dean of Westminster had declurcd that tho parts of tho Creed which were at once most ompbatic, most clear, nnd most genornlly intelli- gible, wero tho condemning clauses, which gavo most offence, and that thoso clauses attested, in tho strongost some, a doctrino now rejected hy tho whole civilized world. All that tho Dean could say for it was that it had a certain historical valuo " as an exposition of tho teaching and manners of tho Church botwecn tho fifth nnd ninth centuries." A& tho Creed had been freely criticised and condomncd, ho pleaded only fur free- dom of speech on points which hnd either boen left open questions by Parliament, or which were treated as snoh by the Archbishop of Canterbury und a largo proportion-perhaps a large majority-of tho clergy of the Church. With roforenco to tho doctrines of the Resurrection arid Ascension,, Mr. Voysey main- tained that his teaching- might throughout ho recon- ciled with the words of the Thirty-nine Articles tai moro easily than the words of Dr Terry, Bishop ot Melbourne, who, in a sermon preached m 18G5, hal said: "Although tho Lord ascended us man in th il human nature which Ho had assumed, yet wo mus not aiippo-io that lie cariied with bim into Heaven the J.ianio body of flesh nnd blood, wherein He died and rose u'^uin ; for, us tho Aposile i'uul hus expressly declared, flesh und blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God." As to his donial of Mediation, ho sub- mitted that he had only denied it as identified with the popular notions which imposed any third object between the soul of man and God. With regard to Atonement and Reconciliation, Mr. Voysoy suid it was truo that tho second article spoko of Christ ns reconciling His Fathor to us, and it was equally true that he, in his beaching op this subject, had expressed .himself in those teriis from the Bible, in which mau was spoken of as being reconciled with God. The inconsistency waa simply in appearance. For his language gonernlly ho might claim tho sanction of men whose orthodoxy aa clergymen of tho Church of England hadnevor been culled into question. Although tho orthodoxy of Dr. Newman hud never been questioned, yet he had said, " Justification, as uU allow, and as hus been assumed throughout, is a stato in which wo ure acceptable and pleasing to God ; as, then, is the modo in which wo pleuBO God, eo is trio mode of our justification. Now, it ia pluin, from St. Paul, that tho regenerate please God, not merely by tho imputation of Christ's obedience, but by their own obedience ;? and so far may thoy be said, through His secret grace, to justify themselves.'' Mr. Voysey then cunio to tho connection of tho Incar- nation with the doctrine «f tho Trinity. According to Canon Liddon, thc personality of Christ remained always unchanged. Tho humun nature which ho puts on is, as ho expressly says, "a cloak"-ll meta- phor which scarcely expressed tho inseparability spoken nf in tho second article, und appeared directly contradictory to tho fifteenth. Ho (Mr. Voysey) contendod that thia scholastic dogma was not present to the minda whether of tho clergy or of tho laity generally, who, if they v/oro asked whether Josua was a human perron, would distinctly answer in the affirmative Thu point which he urged wus this thnt thu clergy generally, in roferenco to Canon Liddon'a definition, if that view was tho only lawful one, woro practically heretical. But they, along with tho Canon, retatnnd their positions in tho ! Church, and ho claimed the same measure nf compre- hension for himself. Ho hud only carried out to its legitimate conclusions tho sublimo statement "There is but ono living and truo God, ovarla3i.ing, of infinite power, wisdom, and goodnotra, the Minker and Preserver of all things, visible and invisible." Ho hud clung aa closely as ho could to tho flimplo bat grand confession of faith, " I beliovo in ono God, the Father Almighty ;'.' but in doing that he had boon compelled to run counter in spirit to tho Tri theistic doctrines which, though denounced in tho plainest terms, wore yet believed to bo tuughtby tho Church, just as all Trithcistic teaching ran counter to the strong Monotheistic declarations in our Articles and Creeds. Of Holy Scripture ho had taught that I it "contained all things nccosuary to salvation." j What, then, had ho dono amiss P Ho had drawn j from, the armoury of tho Bible, and especially from j tho reported saying of Jesus Himself, his strongest I woapons in attacking error and superstition ; and ; for that waa ho to be condemned tu a heretic P Ho ' j conld not suppose so. Although his accusers had novel yet ventured to moot ono of his arguments, ' they surely did not wish it to fro forth to tho world : that they did not care to inquire whother what ho . had taught were truo or not. In short, if the ques ' tion of the welfare of tho Church was allowed to have any weight in settling their lordships' decision : in this case, he could not do huttur than quote tho words of tho Archbishop of Canterbury in a lettor J to the Patriarch of Constantinople, in which his j Grace said said : " If tho Catholic Church is to retain its hold upon the hearts and lives of men, this ! must be by loyalty to that ideal of its worth and j character which wo find in the Holy Scriptures. What is this ideal ? It is that of a spiritual socioty, united by spiritual bonds, and existing for the grout spiritual end of making tho earth moro Uko heaven and men moro like their Lord. It is that of a ; brotherhood of manifold diversities, not limited to i ono portion of the world which Christ carno to save, but absorbing into itself all that is groat, noble, and true of nil ages und countries, the soul of each mem- ber being tho habitation of tho most high, and his body a temple of tho Holy. Ghost." Ho prayod, thoreforo, that ho might bo fully acquitted.-Tho Solicitor-General then briefly replied.-The Lord Chancellor said that their lordships would take timo to consider their judgment. 