FEMININE HUMOUR. (From tIhe Saturdaoy ltevineo.) Admitting that the more questionable variety of umoun r is lrnetically prohibited to women of any high capacity, it may still be urged that the presence of humour should make itself felt oeven when it is re bLtruled within the limits of decency. Lamb, for orample, is amongst the purest as well as the mostud. mirably humorous of writers. There is not apassaoge in tile esays of Elia whlichl might not have been owned by a lady if she hua possessed theo necessary eapacity for writing. If the most extravagant and daring forms of the humourous are forbidden, there is still a wide field in whichl the faculty would be certain to make its presence felt. Is it then true that women show a marked deficiency in the pure and playful varieties of humour, as well as in those whichl are of too full a flavour for the feminine touch P Two or three conspicuous eases to the contrary might of course be quoted. No writer, for example, has shown a more delicate appreciation of the humorous side of thlings than Miss Austen. It must be confessed, indeed, that she does not penetrate very far below the surface. Wd are never much disposed to weep when we are study ing her pages, or to break out into laughter of the noisy variety. A gentle smile or a gentle sigh is the utmost which she attempts to provoke; and, thero fore, though her case proves copelusively that women are capable of the most Iharmonious effects within a narrow rano, it may still be open to anybody to main tain that they would break down when attempting a more ambitious task. George Eliot's writingse may be quoted as more decidedly in point. Mrs. Poyeer, for example, is an admirably humorous character; and, to quote no other instance, nobody but a genuine humourist could have invented the public-house scene in "Silas Marner" with the celebrated dis cussion as to the philosophy of ghosts. We might, however, urge that even in this case the' humorous faculty is rather subordinate as compared withl the higher imaginative qualities. Without pro nuscing any positive verdict as to the merit of "Rtomols," to whichl different tastes assign a very high or a very low place amongst the writings of the author, we may at any rate assume that the attempts at humour-as, for example, in the description of an intentionally comic incident about the monkey-are unmistakeably its weakest points. Perhaps, too, most people will feel that the description of the anute in the "Mill on the Floss" mar the general effect of an ad mirably novel, precisely in proportion as they are of anintentionally comic order. Few very great novelists can be altogether without a sense which is necessary as a guard against absurdities, if notes a guide to posi tire beauties, and it is certainly not absent from George Eliot's novels. Yet they are more remarkable for that latent humour, if we may so call it, which renders its presence sensible rather by negative than positive re suits, than for the more palpable humour which pro duces substantial results. There are many people who are acutely sensitive to a joke, who are quite incapable of p~erpetrating a downright joke on their own account; and we must distinguish between such writers as Sterne or Lamb, who can, as it were, serve up a literary dish of humour pure and simple, and those who can only use it as a sauce to other cookery. Though George Eliot's merits in the less conspicuous varieties of the faculty are marked and undeniable, it is more open to discussion whether she could be reckoned amongst the genuine humourists ; so far as a negative can be proved, we may say that no woman has hitherto established a claim to such a repptation ; and, till some woman suen ceeds in the task, it is at least open to any one to infer that the feminine mind is generally weak upon this side. It must, however, be admitted that it is very rash to make sweeping assertions on so delicate a point. The cause which we have already noticed is sufficient to account for the feminine taste in this department being less practised, and having less opportunity of revealing itself where it exists. A monotonous and decorous life is of course unfavourable to a keen de. light in sharp contrasts of emotion. If in course of time the decision should be ultimately given against the ladies, they may derive some consolation from this reflectivn. The faculty of humoorous peoeeption Is more generally desired than would be the ease if it were quite compatible with the possession of the highest Christian virtues. There is something about it which flatters the bad as well as the nobler side of our characters. A humourist may be a. thoroughly excellent and amiable person; .bat .he is hardly likely to be a saint. We cannot imagine the loftiest spiritual nature having the full appreciation ofa joke. We have known some very good men who liked puns and small witticisms ; but we have always found them rather shocked even by the innocent varieties of humour. The humoarist, in fact, has just that ten dency to look at the seamy aide of things, and that delight in bringing high emotions to the test of some vulgar or grotesque association, from which the man of saintly nature characteristically shrinks. If he has a spie of ill-nature in his composition,2 he is apt to degenerate into a downright cynic; and at all events he prefers to occupy the posi tion of a spectator rather than au actor in any of the great movements of the world. He feels that, when all is said, there is something ratherabsurd about men in general, and that it cannot bd quite worth while to go into heroics about so mixed an animal. His sense of huoteur, in fact, is always tripping him up, and, instead of joiniung vigorously in a struggle, he likes to lie down and enjoy a quiet chucklo over the persons who are going throuigh such needless excitement. Hence it may be urged that women are too good to be humourists. They are too purs and saintlike and en thusiastic to understand masculine cynicism, and they hate to he told that any oause to which they have given their affections has aftorall a tinge of absurdity. They are naturally hero-worshipperi, and, but for the case of Mr. Oarlyle, we might say that hero-worahip was incompatible with a sense ofhumour. Indeed, his cease merely proves that a humourist may worship somebody a very long way off in time or space, and in cases where the worship is undoubtedly an offence to his neighbours. Hero-worship is generally found in men who are capable of genuine enthusiasm for living flesh and blood, and surely that is a good quality; ayet if they could only see the ridienlous side of their idols, much of their zeal would certainly disappear. Semi blindness is a condition, if not a cause, of some very lofty qualities. 