LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. PETERWANGY GOLDFIELD. — We have been permitted by Mr. Maley to make the following extract from a letter received by him on Monday from Brelsford, dated from Peterwangy, August 12th : — "I have driven nine feet to the reef, which is very detached and open, and appears as if the water had ran through it. I have sent some rock to Dungarra from this reef, and some from the larger reef, to be forwarded to Perth for assay. We have not had much water yet, but we have done four days' cradling of stuff below the reef, which yielded seven penny weights eighteen grains of course gold; one piece of twelve grains, and several specimens of from four to six grains. I start from here next week to prospect towards Golluwa — about sixty miles to the eastward." MR. THOMAS DODDS.— The York district has lately experienced a loss in the death of one of its oldest and most respected settlers. Mr. Thomas Dodds died, after a short illness, at his residence — the Cobham estate — about nine miles from York, on the morning of the 29th ultimo, having on the previous evening retired to rest in his usual health ; during the night he was seized by a fit, from which he never rallied. he arrived in the colony in the ship Rockingham, in the year 1830, and by indomitable energy and persever- ance had raised himself to a position of independence, which enabled him, influenced by tmly philanthropic and open-hearted principles, largely to assist the needy, and for which his memory will long be cherished by many. His funeral was largely and respectably attended. FISH PRESERVING. — It is always gratify ins to be able to record the springing np of new, or tbe extension of already established, colonial industries. For some time past Messrs. Francisco Bros, have turned out, and in a most creditable manner, large quantities of preserved sea mullet and other colonial fish at their works at Fremautle, and ttu demand continues, both for export and local consumption, tar beyond the supply, notwith standing abundance of fish swarm on our coast all the year round. Mr. Charles Tondut has started a fish-preserving establishment in Perth ; and, judging from a sample of mullet we have Been, be may congratulate himself he his placing a most creditable article in the market, and that lie has as fair a chance of success as those who have pre ceded him in the same line. CAPT. WIKINSON has been appointed Acting Scab Inspector for the district under the supervision of Mr. Joseph Logue, until that geutleman is sufficiently convales- cent to resume his duties. We are requested to remind our readers that Mr. Jessop will deliver a lecture in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, Perth, on Monday evening; next, for the benefit of the library fund of the Perth Young Men's Christian Association. The subject selected, "Ghosts," is somewhat startling. THE premises in Murray Street belonging to the estate of the late Mr. Solomon Cook have been purchased by the City of Perth Lodge of Odd-fellows for £900. The dwelling-house on the property is to be con- verted into a hall for the use of the lodge. THE NATIONAL BANK. — Mr. William Malcolm Alexander, who arrived by last mail from Melbourne, is the gentleman appointed to succeed Mr. Law as the manager of the branch of the National Bank of Australasia in this colony, and has entered upon his duties. MINERALS AT TOODYAY. — The discovery of rich ores of copper, lead, and silver is reported to have been made at Toodyay. THE GATATEA.— H.M.S. Galatea, by accounts received by last mail, had been paid off commission, and the vessel was being dismantled at Portsmouth. Captain ELR.H. die Duke of Edinburgh was making a tour to the German provinces, after which, it wa3 rumoured, he would take command ol an iron -clad and be ordered ou foreign service. A meeting of the Union Troop of Volunteers is convened for this evening at eight o'clock, at the Horse and Groom tavern. A meeting of those interested in the organisation of a very valuable institution to be called the Perth Working Men's Benefit Society is announced to take place in the Methodist hall next Monday evening. Mr. Joseph Hardey has permitted himself to be named as president of the Society. PARDONED POLITICAL PRISONERS IN NEW ZEALAND. — Referring to the detention by the Government of New Zealand of pardoned political prisoners taken thence from this colony by the Queen of the South, the Canterbury (N.Z.) Argus correspondent says — "Four convicts from Western Australia landed at Lyttelton. They were apprehended and were to be kept in custody until the sailing of the vessel which brought them. They described themselves as four English Fenians out on recoginances to return to Sydney." This circumstance no- doubt was the cause of the authorities in New Zealand bringing the Convicts Pre- vention Act to the prominent notice of the Government of this colony. The Ordinance appears in extenso in our advertising columns. CAPT. HAYES again. — Captain Hayes, aptly described as the "notorious," and who is not altogether unknown in this colony, "to the manner born," it would appear, continues to add, as fast as opportunity occurs, to his already long list of depredations on unwary merchants aud shipowners. A Melbourne telegram reports : — ' The notor ious Capt. Hayes had arrived at Bankok with the brig Leonard, formerly an American vessel called tbe Waterlily. He had a cargo of rice on freight from Saigon to Hong Kong. He had die brig thoroughly refitted, and then Bailed suddenly, leaving the cargo as payment. He also chartered a schooner from a Mussulman by the mouth, and placed his mate in command with instructions to join him at a rendezvous in the South Seas.' Peogress op Settlement.— A gentleman writing to us, says : — ' I cannot see any pros pect for this colony without capital being introduced to work die mines. The land regulations are very well on paper, but die difficulty will be to find the agriculture] areas. People always value dunes by comparison, and die principal landholders in tiiis colony have, in die shape of bind, such a very bad lot to com pare with, that they think what they call good land is cheap at 10s. per acre, when die same land in tbe other colonies would not be taken up at all. There is certainly some good laud, but not more than die present population require to replace their worn-out farms; so you must not look tor immigration from that (source. In a word, to* much eucouragement cannot be given to the «iriing population to iudnce them to stay. ¥bn must look principally to die mines for die increase ot population and enterprise, and if 10 acres of land were given for every pound expended in opening mines, it would bring good interest in die 6hape of revenue and settlement.' Sioseham's Ektsbtadskeot. — We have only time this week to give a fibort notice of the very successful performances of the Stonebam company at (he Mechanics' Hall, on Monday evening and again last night, overflowing houses being secured. Miss Stoneham wi'l appear at t'renmntle to-morrow and on Friday evenings. The company are now preparing a Eeries of performances to be given before they leave tbe colony — about next November, aud which no doubt will be well patronised. The following particulars with respect to tbe payment of the war indemnity may not be without interest for our readers. Germany is to pay for the bags in which the money is to be sent at the rate of two sons per bag s thus, when the first instalments shall have been paid «he will bave to return some 50.000 francs. The bouse of Rothschild bos under taken die payment of tbe bills of exchange for the trench Government ; they are to be made payable in rea-ly money and with loss at not more than two months' (lute This business will he done at Lonlon between Rothschild and the German consul. The latter will also receive the sums which France pays in English bank-cotes. The silver and the other foreign coin but no French notes will be sent direct from Paris to Berlin by rail. France be»rs the expense of the transport as far as the frontier. The sum will at once be divided between the separate states as soon as the amount required to cover the North - German war loan has been set aside. It will, of course, be impossible to count lUe money, as this w.inM occupy the whole time ol the Treasury officials d'jwu to the end of uexi Dec. 