THE CLANDESTINE MJLMIAGE. Mrs. J. (the next naiTator) had two cousins residing in Cadogan-place, Chelsea. Their brother was with the army under the Duke of Wellington, at that time engaged in the Peninsular war. An uncle, residing at Barnes, calling one day to invite them to pass a day at bis house, was struck with the pale and languid aspect of his elder niece, and, on pressing for an explanation, obtained from her the following singular statement : Her indisposition and melancholy arose from a strange vision, or fancy, of the previous night; not, as she positivel insisted, the offspring of sleep, for she had been unusually disturbed and wakeful, as one might feel when in expedition of some important invent, that might occur at any moment. Suddenly, her attention was attracted by a deep-drawn sigh. Starting up she saw, standing beside the bed, her brother! He was in uniform, and appeared to be wounded. In. a low, quiet voice, he. accosted her, B lying that this vision had become necessity, in order that he might reveal to her a secret that had preBsed heavily on his mind, and afected the happiness of others. He informed her that a battle had taken place near Badajos, in which he had been slain; and then went on to relate that, during the life of their father, Colonel B., he (the speaker) bad contracted an imprudent marriage with the beautiful daughter of a small farmer, m whose cottage he had taken refuge f.om a storm while hunting. The knowl-dge of their father's family pride had scaled his lips as to this mesalliance, but his own death having now deprived his wife and child of their sole protector, he had come to reveal their existence and condition, and commend them to his hearer's sisterly care. Mentioning where they would be found, the shadow became ia visible. J It was agreed between uncle and niece that the story should be suppressed until some corroboration of the event referred to by the apparition should be obtained. Meanwhile, the date of this incident was written down and sealed, the uncle placing it in bis cabinet. In a day or two news arrived from the seat of war. There had been, it was affirmed, no battle near Badajos; but that place had capitulated. Poor Miss B. had to endure some ridicule from her uncle respecting the treacherous ghost; but this was speedily stopped. A despatch correcting the report was received, stating, from authority, that there had been a failure of the capitulation, followed by a desperate action, in which (the subsequent returns announced) Captain B. had been killed on the day previously mentioned. Together, the uncle and niece proceeded to the direction given in the latter'e vision, and there found the young widow (who was suffering from consumption) and a child, about eleven years old. The former quickly followed her husband to the grave; the latter was adopted by her aunts, and resided with them until her marriage. 