The Land Bill, like the ghost in Hamlet, comes "in such a questionable shape" that our public writers hardly know how to greet it; the cold, listless way in which the measure has been met by the country, is prima facie evidence that people take very little interest in the new measure. Perhaps on the second reading, the 6th of December, we shall hear something more of it in the Assembly where "the poor man's friend" in former times made such political capital out of his misfortunes. However, we are not likely to be threatened with any very large amount of "buncombe" in reference to "the poor man" in the land question. There is land enough for everybody, and while we should be glad to see all reasonable facilities given for legitimate settlement, we should be sorry to see the public estate ruthlessly squan- dered. We were heirs of a fine property in New South Wales when the British Crown assigned the public domain over for our own use and benefit — not only for our use, but for that of generations to come. This is the view we have of the matter, and although the British Isles have been handed over to some thirty thousand landowners, while the country had a population of about thirty-five millions, we in this colony stand in a far more hopeful : position — we have about two hundred and fourteen millions of acres, and only about one twentieth part of this vast area is, as yet, alienated by landowners, or those who will become landowners when they have fulfilled the conditions under which they old their land under the free selection principle of the existing Act. The two principal features in the new bill consist of giving existing crown tenants or squatters the privilege of buying back country, one mile and upwards from their frontages or water supply at 5s an acre — or twenty-five square miles in all, or 16,000 acres, a very pretty estate to present to an eldest son, but hardly sufficient to satisfy a large family of sons and daughters. There are contingent matters on purchasing these 16,000 acres — they must be improved and a sum per are is proposed l y the bill to be spent on the property. The large landowner would thus become a conditional purchaser, and he would have the benefit of deferred payments, as shown in our last issue. The smaller landowner would have the power of taking up each a mile of frontage at 20s per acre, and a mile of back country in rear of the frontage at 5s per acre — he would have two square miles or 1280 acres. Selectors under the Act of 1861 would have the power to extend their acreage from the quantity which they formerly took up to the 1289 acres — if they liked to do so. These are the two main features of the proposed law — we have thus simplified the question, so that he that runs may read. Some journals have already sprung an alarm, because, as they say, the bill pro- poses to restrict free selection. Should the Crown tenants avail themselves of the law (that is supposing the measure should pass) undoubtedly free selection would not be applicable to the 16,000 acres of each run, which would thus be set aside as sold to the lesees of the said runs. The question, if fairly put, is this : have all reasonable hindrances 'been removed which prevented people from settling on land not under lease ? If we lease any part of the public lands to persons who fulfil the conditions of their leases, the position taken up the Govern ment is this : that during the currency of the leases we cannot interfere with the land so leased. But this principle has been interfered with by the free selection clauses of the existing Act, which permits any persons under the law to invade the leaseholds — not only to take up land therefrom for freehold purposes, but also to take up grazing "rights," whatever they may mean. We are most anxious to see every reasonable facility given to intending settlers, and for various occupations, on the public lands, but is not the proposed bill in effect a a attempt to force into private hands the Crown lands at a serious loss to the Crown (that is the public) ? The Victorians are looking on the new bill with a degree of interest unusual to them ; they watch narrowly everything relating to Riverina, which they look upon as their own, geographically and commercially. The Age (30th ult) says : — ' Despite the plausibility of the scheme, we cannot help arriving at the conclusion that by making concessions all round the New South Govern ment contemplate a wholesale confiscation of their territory." When the bill is too liberal for the Age, we may reasonably infer that we have been so generous as that we cannot excel in this respect — they say that we are "unquestion ably about to kill the golden egg-laying goose" — these are the words — so the Age proposes to buy Riverina bodily from New South Wales — here is the offer in black and white : — "Poverty in the Treasury (says the Age) and the hope of retaining office may induce the Government to adopt a scheme jwhich seems like a general plunder all round at the expense of the future. It the former be the reason of the proposed depreciation of agricultural land in New South Wales, there is a readier way of raising the wind. Some years ago, when our neighbors were in financial difficulties, we suggested that Riverina be bought by Vic toria, and paid for in cash. If the New Soufh Wales Government were willing to sell land at five shillings an acre on ten years credit, how much will they take for the whole of Riverina ? Of course selling the land and.selling the territory are two different things, and New South Wales cannot be ex pected to cede Riverina except upon terms. How much in hard cash ? We might almost be tempted to give five shillings an acre for the entire twenty-five millions of acres. "There is money it" at that price, but certainly we should be safe in buying the whole lot at from one-half to two- thirds of the proposed minimum price, if accompanied by the right of dominion. In the face of advanced opinion on the land tenure, we question the wisdom ot a policy which invites capitalists to rush in and seize upon the whole of the available lands forthwith. In Victoria we have endeavoured to limit the sale of land to the wants of the population. Occupation but in New South.Wales it is proposed to make conditions that may be readily complied with, and to commute those conditions for a money payment, thus setting-; aside the safeguards "upon undue acquisition - and monopoly." For pure, unadulterated, colonial cheek give us our ultra democratic friend the Age ; why not bid for all New South Wales at once, in cluding Sydney Harbour, and of course Sir James Martin given in. As the land bill is not likely to pass for some time we shall have further opportunities of considering it. Undoubtedly, it is full of incongruities, but these are mainly the result of the Act of 1861, and clearly, the new measure is an attempt at "steadying" that Act, which is so full of vagaries. 