GLADSTONE'S POLTGY, IBELANTl'S E RUIN. . H (To ike Editor of the Protestant Standard. b| Sir, — Being an Irish Protestant,- 1 have always takoii the greatest interest in- the Emerald Isle, both in politics and religion ; and, more cspo- n cinlly since the Gladstone Ministry have taken office. I consider that it is the duty of every Pi'otostant, .imdor British rule, to guard the Legislative nmon; especially of L'ish Protestants, Ipa as their security is not seiiarabio from British connection ; yet, are not the present Ministry tearing, as it wero Proteataiitism asumlor Hm Ireland, and breaking that Jink which has held liotli couutrics together ?. Are they not exposing Irish Protestants to the jiorilous temptation o1 thinking that tho English Government arc satis- 9 fying the unjust demands of Popery, while they, their long-tried friends, are neglected and dis- pB couragod, as the rotten policy of the Govern- ment has put the enemies of our Sovoieigii in Xiosscssion of strongholds and offices which wereKa originally erected for her protection. In fact I cannot comxiare Irish, rule at present, toany-RH thing else than that of "PopislT .Tamos, when appointed the notorious Tyreonncll L,ord Lieu-ra tenant of Ireland. , Groat . Britain has in fact M withdrawn from the Protestants of Ireland lic'ra .support, for the pnrp-rse of conciliating a party H who are antagonistic to British rule and con' H iiection ; and what has England gained by thislH After robbing tho Clinrch and roudering tbeH National. Education almost Popish, the voiyH party which has been so highly favoured liaveH beco'mo tlio most malignant and hostile to I'Ing'H land,; they have got the Irish C'hui-ch discstab'IH fished to their satisfaetioh, at the c.Y)eDse oiHj .Prptestantisni, and judging from tho w»yH things are going on at present, I wouWH not be astonished to hear of the RepcvH Bill being passed. They are trying to introduce that Bill under a new name, ""The Borne Bule," having got another reijealer in the person of Mr. Butt, M.P., and plenty of Irish Protestants tx) do the dirty work for Irish Papi- sts. In every other country except Ireland love for Church and love for country are two distinct principles, hut in Ireland alone they oimtiuuc one in hostility to Eiifrland. In our LugiKl.ativc Assembly in this colony, we can distiiigiiiah the same motives in the Popish members, only that love for Church is the idol of their heart liore. As an Orangeman who has seen a good deal, I can sa.y that it is no easy task to make I'rotcstants of the humbler clas.scs uudersb'.viid the justice of tliolaw by which they conceive tlseniselves !igrioved. : for insbuiee, meetings in eoiuuieinoriiitiou of the achieve- mouts which saved Ireland from Poperjr and tyr.anny are illegal, while meetings in anticipa tion of an event udiicli is to .achieve the empire's ruin .arc pronounced conformable to law, meet ings of tliousands to celebrate the triumph of civil and roligious liberty are prohibited hecaoso some Papists took oU'er.ce at them, while meet ings of hundreds of thousands to efleot a change, which would overthrow all liberty aud edcct the extirpation of Protestants from Ireland arc winked at. Tho proinQters of the " Home Rule," have for their object a convulsion yet to be ; its essence is a spirit of change, and shmUd its inirposes be attained, England must cease to bo a nation, and Ireland reiluccd to the rule of Popery. Buch is the work of our present home Ministry in trying to conciliate Popery, they arc m.aking both parties hostile, and dragging the Irish po iplo to riiin, and an.archy. Tlioso who say that Irish Protestants may bo depended on, and that tlio eiiiergcuey whenever it comes will find them ready, do not take into account tho agencies which are employed in detaching them from their duty and their true interest, the iiiiiucuces to divide and dismay, oiieu aud secret are far more )owcrful now that ever before ill Ireland. Protestants .arc exposed to the enemies of .the. Crown witliout that dtfeneo which had in old times all'ordcd protection ; boiida which formed them into a compact bociy have heeii loosened, that confidciiee which they once had in the British Government, which sus tained them against the assaults of their ene mies, have been snapped in two by the Popish policy of Gladstone ; ho know.s well that it wouhl he the policy of any wise Government to keep the Protestaiita of Irchind on tlioir side, kiunvin.g' that the Papists are the prime pro moters of rohelliou and discord, aud arc alienated from the P.ritish Guvormnent by the jiolitical influence of their priests, fa not England begin ning to share in tho guilt of Antichrist : and so sure as she doe.s, she will idso share in hi.s destruction. Why should our Queen send a letter of condolence to the Po)e, and acknow ledge him as a potentate, while ho is only o Biihjcct. As a Piotostimt, i .say that our Sovereigns have no business to intevfere in be half of I'opery, either .at home or abroad, and if they were 'true to their coronation oath, thoy v/ould have lca.s to do v.dth the apostacy of Itomo. Wliat are our nioderii statesmen trying to do? Are they afraid to offend "the man of sin." He has votes in Barliamont, and rival parties seek their selfisii ends by out-bidding each other for his iniinence, in return for favours bestowed. Only let this go on for a while, and England's doom is fixed ; for it is Protestant truth has made onr country what it i.s ; let this be once under mined, and England will deserve her fail ; for. no country over deserved to sullor as Britain will if she boeomes weary of God ; on no country have the mercies of Go;l been bestowed so plentifully, ami none xvill so doserovc His indignation if she neglect the means that have made her so great a nation. Tho greatest of Irel.and's troubles at present, ai'c to bo attri buted only to the Avoak policy of a party of of jlace himters, who arc willing to sacrilieo the nation's honour, for position, and iniluenci'. Some of the greatest enemies of Protcst.aiitisni in Ire land, are Protestants who do not care a button for the gloidous constitution of lOSS, so-long as they get the support of the Papists in re- tnrniiig them to Parliament. I believe tho reign of antichrist is almost at an. end. Yet there will be a groat struggle to put his foot on England before hi.s total destruction; For this reason Ave, as Protestants, should he xip and doing, for groat tliiiig.s are about to take place among tho Jiations, yet in all these great politieal agitations, God Avill defend His OAVn people from harm : therefore lirethren I Avoi'ld also say "Avatcli for ye know not the ilay or tlie hour." T am. Sir. &c..; I-I. H. S. Sept. 25, 1871. Deer MIstiieu Enmiun.— Sure thin if ye Avar nivir known befoare .as tho dacintest, anohliginist jiutlonian in the Avide univar.se yo ought to be now annyhoAV afther guvcn slipaoe in yer I'ro- teshtant paper lasht Saturclaj'- Aveok for that sliAvect bit ov clodlioppcu ballhord.asb of the craythur o\' an Hinglishmau, ".Samivol." But docthur, deer vyhiu I j-oad his lotther, I ijut on my consitheiin cap, an indadc, jokin aside, there war some ugly truths in it, .so there Avar ; aud it does at times go agiu the soft .shpot ov my heart to hear oa' the poor hevitlcks beiii toasted an roasted by the fathers of the hlissid St. Peter, as if the roastiu the poor deluded craythurs Avill git doAvn beyant for Avaiit ov tho )rastcs blissin war-hn't ouufi' for thim . But T must not sind mo soAvl to pordishon iiy f/i!)i/;iii the lioaly clargy can do wraiig. Indade I know I mmshn't tiJ'ijake it all out oiitheshtool at conlisshun, an thin I'll rcoave tho ponaltliies iin Avill have to rc:- pave me shins by aa'alkiu out he gravel liare- footed on nie knees, .so I Avill. An avoU an thruly I'll desarvc it, lor haven't onr clargy the poAver ov Ood? an haven't they the roight to sind ye all to perdi.siiuji for ini.sdowtin thim, aflhor :tll the pains authrouble they v'egoiu' to, to bring ye to the roight jiatli. 0, ye pooi- mi.s- fortshunatc Proteshtants, Avhy Avill ye l.io so blinded? Wbv avIU ye not open yer eyes .-iii look at these bEssid lueii an Avimiu, the swate brides of IleaA'iii ? Here in the voi-y best sioia- iions, in the choioest- .shpots ov the city an in tho most selict and viihuible places in "uhe Avhoide counthiay, Avberivcr aauc place is the most shuparyur ov all others, there yc'll fuel the chappel wid the hoaly sign on it ; an by hanl baggiii an threatniii, the clargy mam-ige'to get tlie means to build the illigaut aud accommijdudn conuinla an nimnerj/ti an shcooihouses an so an, an go thravelliii night an day ; and maunj' a night Avhiu they ought to bo iutheirown bodstakintheir rist an sushtenance for their poor half-slitarved bodies, they may boseen,prat laist, known to he, at their private devotions an given sivatc consola- shon an comfort to the, hlissid Avaiis foreninst tho convints. Aii its a raal Avontlier th.at they're not worn to death Avid tho calls of so inanny ov thim, 80 it is. But slmra islm't that their callin to visit the widow an the fatherless, and to heal the broken -hearted Avid the kiss of hoaly conso- lasliun. An then ishii't it a charm to their own pure sowls to have their purthy lips pressed to their own, an lo look straight into each other's eyes au catch their sliAveot breath an feel their heart's pulses bate an throb wid angelic pAUrity, an thoy the consecrated brides ov the Ohurch, Avidout a father or muthcr or bruther to care for thim. Slmre it's no Avoiitlier the sainted clargy should linger till midnight Avidin the atmosphere ov sich angels ov sanctity an come ovt wid a shiver into tho coAvld Avorld ov sush- pjishuu au misery, an lie till daylight in their oton beds alone. _ Ooh it's too morthal bad so it is. An doesn't it shmitc yer coavUI hearts Avhiu yc look at thim ? tho poor lialf-fed poverty- shtriekcii craythurs, through fastin aud prayin night an day Avid the lonely famUij—desarted ones, beyant. Look at thim, 1 s.aj', yo h.aytben- ish hercticks, an see their sbupjramo moddisty an humility — aren't their eyoa for ivor turned down from tho vanities ov tho world in the daytime? Au islm't it r.ading their dcvosliuns they're doiu Avhonivcr they're thravelliu ? au islm't their Avhole sowl so ahshorbed in pious ctmtimijlashuns th.it yc'd a'most sware they didn't kuoiv there was .a eraythor near thim." An yet yc won't accipt tliiin as yc'ro taohers ! yo Avon't, Bad scran to the niisdoAvtin set ov Oni.ahdawns, an iSainivol amang them for their Avant ov f.aith. Sure, didn't tho hlissid father ov Liverpool de clare ho couldn't "lay the ghost" bekaso ov their Avant ov taith ! An washn't his sainted sowl .so vexed Avidiu him at the buiidiiiovtho inihlio school there that ho couldn't have piaee oa' consltiiice, the hoaly man, till he surrounded it wid his maledikeus ! An Avaslm't he so coii- s.arucd about the neglioted an 'mishcrahlc state ov tho farmers au their Avivcs an childcrs au cattle an crops that he niusht git his clioscn Avau.s to help him exhibit the hlissid Vargin, an march her, the Hoaly mother, round an round Jii.s chnreli in tho jn-isince an in heh.alf oai Jiis kneeliu congrog:isliim ! Ishn't this a /.act? 1 axo yc : au yet some ov tho bowld horo- tick.s uj) there beyant say he's no bottlier than ho ongii t to be, so he ishn't. An thill a few days ago didn't another hoaly father beyant Farruniatta go visit the dyin ? an whin he got into the doatli-eliambor didn't ho ortlior iviry one ov tlie people out, au shut the door, .sliuttiii him in an tliirii out, an then seoin that tho pmor craythcr's last luuir was at hand, didn't he kAvestshun her softly, that tho lasht rites OA' the the ehurcli might ho duly .adminis- t.hei-ed ? But Avhin she took no lieod ov him, tliiii didn't he find the poor dyin craythur Avas hard ov hb.ariu ? Au to begin in the riiiht place, didnt the heavenly messingor ecmliss her, to he sure, an ax her "HOW M.\NY COWS HAVE YE? An horn muck do ye say ye own ? An how imtck money have ye in 'the hank ! AN HOW MUCH HAVE Ylii IN THE HOUSE tell me.f' An didiit lie pnit these 'soAvl-savin AA'ords to her in .'iicli a hurry lest her soavI sliould shlip down to the cowkl beds ov piiirgathory bcforo he began liis pathor nosther ? An didn't tho pioor soavI go Avhiii the de.ath-gashp lift her a cornne Avhin he got to the middle ov the Lord's prayer. Au didn't the poor departin soavI catch his hlissed Avords that ''she shotdd saroe her sivin years inpurya- thory ?" An aoli, meila murthcr, Avashn't it good ov iiinithe swato bcnefacthiir of humiuiity, aud lioaly consecrated piraste ov God, I say, aaashn't it good ail thoughtful ov him to aise her ov all worldly thoughts an ulinylns, and to find out lioAV iruich .she could afford for the, repose of her sowl, .an eor the noon ov tue church ? Washn't it now? An if this be thnio, sure Avbuldn't tho craythur that oAvncd her be tho hard hearted infidil to sliAvarc, Avheu he heard it, that he Avould sec him somewhere else, befoi-e he'd give a picimy to him for masses for her EiOAA'l ? Ocli, Avhativir Avill bceorao ov tho mane, stingj', miserly lot that ml deny the clargy tlie price oi a coav for tho clcliverinco of a poor inirniu sowl from the flames of piirgathory ? An 'then hadn't this hoaly tnan to go back all tho Avay hoanie again Avid the satisfactshiin th-at if he coiikhi't give the deceased the Avhole ov a j aih-Ar nosther, she had ahal/ov one aimyhow afore she Aviiit. fs this thrue! I'm axin. All now, for Avhat should Mister Sainivol go swcarin about hell an damnation in yer pn-o- teslitant piaper ? It ishn't kiioAVii to him inay-bo that it's a neAV thing for the loikes ov him to take tho sacred name of the Biisscd Father in his mouth in sich a Avay Avidout blasterln it. An that Saints an Vargins an kings aud Queens for Inuidrcds ov years have shiibmittcd to tho Avill OA' tlie -Popic, ail have liiiiled liim .as God, an liowcd down hefore him as they never did to Ood Ahuii/hty ; and kissed his sacred too; an as kings, bowed lioAvn their he.ads and placed liis fool there ; and Avlien he stliond, none dared to sit, and Avhon he spilioke all held their breath. .Aii Avhen at .Lis eomniaiul tlic grate Avans fell to the i.-arth and did ohaisancc, .-in he howidin simprumc antliarity over tlic wills and soavLs of million's ; aud held tho kays ov heaven an hell, that whom he would I.o .saved, an Avhoin he Avoiild he damned — au sat in the seat ov thoMo.st High — tho Bnvreigii Lord over all— is it for the loikca ov ;i fold S;i.ssetoU!h, sich as he, to shpake his name Aviikiut his ldji.sphamiu tongue rottin Avitl the. Avord.s ? Is it, 1 ax ? An if some of thim did lape liieir oinimolhers, an .fhhier, an ditnyhter.s as their coneuhines, an make their own cliiklcrs, tlieir iicpheAvs an neiti.-us, an raise thim to the higliest dignitic,' p.'os.shinlo, doesutthe pioor deluded an honoightoil igiiiir.ammiis knoAV that lie eonld'nl sin '! for hi was ;iii Uhrist liinisulf, hoiii the 'i'icar of (Jhrist. n Avhat if lii.s Divine .Iledeomer was huinhle, .-Hi iowly, au meek, and loviii, an lived pnior, :ind died poor, sure THE POPE IS CHIUST'S AVENGEll, au has to do Avhat He Avould never do iu pniuishin an destroyin ; an, that Christ iniyhl receive all Ike credit for meekness, the blessed .Topni is willintoslioAvhishuman frail ties, '-viid bcnar all tlic ill opniiions ov the heretics I if he can reta in his e.mltcd posishmi. An though he did sited blood au tttash the streets zuid it, an tear an torture Avid wrack, screw, rope, block, hoilin piiteh an tar, an ten thousand bl.azin faggits, an .shiuglithered over 40 thousand iiii- beiaA'ers in one night, an 200 thousand in a year, sure Avnsnt it all done for tho salvashiin ov their sowls an for the good ov the Church ? "What it the prastes did instigate the hoys to seize the Proteshtant heretics an shtand beside the shtakes an watch thorn burn by inches, did'nt they dcsarve it for darin to do, not a tliousandtli piart ov Avhat this Samivelhas done an said ? Power is it they want ? Yes, it is tho poAver, Samivol, ye blasphamiu villain, it is the potoer TO USE THEIR POWER, an yo, ' and yer like should bo cast into sich a fire as Ncbuclied- iiazar, novir droanit ov. But sure AA'hat am I sayiii?_ 0 dootlier, deer, I Avas forgetten yer swate silf all this toiine, an misrememberin that I might be abusin yc all uubeknov/nst to me. . But no, bad scran to it, no. I feel assured such ishnt the case, for as the 'Fathers says, yee'r church is only next door to ours. An its raal re- frcshin, so it is, to many ov the hoaly prastes to see the English Church comiu so close to tho thrue one, an bavin hoaly candles carried by the white-robed sacristius, an songs to, au ov, the odour ov saints, an hoAvltliii to the blessid sign ov the cross, au tuueiii their a'oices in piraise to tho cA'er blessed Mary. Sure, docthur, won't we be a strong Ohurch tliin, again, Avhcu ye all come over to us ? an tlion let thorn Methodists an Prcsbytariaiis hido their heads'. "lYait, Larry, yo haythiii, doant tre.ad on their corns, ye villain, or maybe there'll bo no room for this other Epiistol lo the lioamans from th'e poor boy who loves the swate cry for MORE LIME LARRY. 