SPORTING. : ... ., Bv Old Joim-CK8* Ghost. Bofore giving you my opinion os to 'tho suece'sB or, otherwise of the latu mncting, allow me t-- refer vury briefly to the late effusion of that scribbler calling himself' The Oouut.' Now, air, I rlo'not \--bj»ot in the alightest to any writer criticising my effusions ; fur from it ; but I do protest uguhmt anyone abusing me. Yjur foot note gave him suoli a 'cut' that I believe he vowed he would nnver write ton newspaper again. Ha exposed nimseij quite eonugn over tne weights. Well, our second annual meeting is over; and although it was not quite up to tho previous one ns regimlR lurgi- fields of horses and the presence of visitors, it must be admitted that the result of the (lifFirecit rnoea was very satisfactory ; as ''also1 the arrangements. -The absence. of any book maker wns looked, upon us the cause of so little excitement. No ono appeared at all- anxious -to bet; it i« true that u few good bets' were made; hut they ware all taken up before the races. com- menced. The first race watt, aa anticipated, an easy victory for Challenger. The winner is a fitio1 looking chesnut colt, standing about 16 bunds high, by Stafford out of Miss Pitsford. Oak.: wood ran second, but, to me, he npptmred to be too stale. Confederate third, the others nowhere. The second race, the Miner's' Purse, full to Mr. H. B«8t with Cnononbull; Recruit second. I was somewhat surprised *.o see Lightfoot cut up so badly j but it was not to he wondered at for she pulled up dend In me. The third race proved a victory for Gralton ; a good many fancied Zimbesi, but nmid of his backers were prepared to see him so away at such a pace; in fact, he and Premier appeared to cut tho running out for Graftou, us the little horse came in with something to spare. The Hurdle Hace on the second Hay was simply a firco; and I think wa have seen the last of such raciis: The third event, the Gympie Turf Club Second Annual Handicap, was : a race .worth, going to see. A I tor Gruftpn's victory in the Dis trict Pinto he wasjnok'ed.npon'.ns. the winner. In fact, nothing hut Grafton and' Ohnllengor would :«o down..- ' Ono or the other must win' was .remarked nil over the. course.; none expected to Hro the race result as it did. The excitement when Baron, Challenger, und Graftou came down the straight was tremendous; how it was that Baron cut up so badly down tho straight I am at n loss to understand, as Ben Powttll told me himself that Baron had Graf ton licked coming round the. corner. Ruddle brought Challenger up with a rush and no mistake on entering the straight; it- appeared to startle Powell, after beating Baron, to find his horse pressed so closely by Challenger, and it was.a lucky thing for Ruddle that he reached so far ns he did when he made the rush, for if he had only got up to Grafton's quarters Powell would have .compelled him to retire and go outside him. I was somewhat surprised to see Powell let Chal lenger take the inside running from him, but he appeored to he watching nothing hut Biron. The excitement up at the Judge's box was very great; some snid Grnfton won; whilst others maintained that it was Ch illon^or. But when the Judge gave it mh a dead heat I did not hear one single person demur ; in fact, everyone placed sunh faith in that gentleman's well-known impartiality, that thP verdict could not be doubted.- When the resulV was given out, a good deal' of ' talking' was in dulged in as to how it nffttcted the bets; the backers of Grafton were quite content to see the race run off, whilst the hackers of Challenger ap peared snmowbat shy ; it being the general opinion that he would not saddle up so plucky as Grnfton. Alter about half un hour had elapsed it was rnmornd thut Huddle nnd Powell bad agreed to divide, hut thi3 afterwards proved to ho wrong, as the Stewards announced that Challenger was drawn ; and Grafton cantered over for the money. The question then arose whether, in consequence of the dead heat, bets were, not drawn qb far as Challenger and Grafton were concerned ; a few gave it ns their opinion that they wero. Then, ngaio. more light was thrown upon the matter; A backs Challenger against Gralton for places ; A nsRerta that in consequence of their running a dead heat neither horse is placed, and consequently the bet is drawn. But B, who backs Grafton, main tains that the fact of Grafton cantering over for the oriEO decides nil bets ; and that the backers of Challenger must pRy. My opinion is — and I don't know how anyone can be of any other — that the backers of Grafton (to win the prize) have won; und that those who baoked Grafton against Chal longer for places also have won. Many complained of the Stewards allowing Grafton to canter over ror the prise thereby giving the backers of Challenger no chance for their money ; but the growling was simply absurd, for it was not within thn power of those officials to prevent it. Not only that, it is one of those manoeuvres in connec tion with the turf that is being arranged every day. Thousands of poundB have b-;en paid away under the same circuinstuncoH I have written to the editor of Bell's Life in Sydney in reference to the nets, nnd us soon us I receive a reply I shall place it before, your readers. The handicap on the third day proved a very in teresting race. Although the horses were pretty well together at the finish I am inclined to think that some of them were not fairly handicapped ; and I altogether disagree with Mr. Bligh's remarks at tho settling, when he made so much nf the fact of the himdicapper of this race performing suoh an extraordinary feat with only hal/an-hour's notico. It was much more creditable to the handi cappers of our two principal events to find their endeavours approved of by such a supportar of the turf us Mr. Ruddle. For it must be borne in .mind that those officials had to hunt up the perfor mances of the different horses; and also weight each horse to the satisfaction of its owner, before such individuals would venture to come here ;- whereas in the other instance, the official, who I must admit is deserving of some credit for under taking such a duty single-handed, had tho two previous day's performances to go by; Suppose Baron, Zimbesi, nnd Oak wood, had not been in town, would there Have been any fear of their owners. fetching them here? I think not. We will take Baron, for instance; he carried 9 st. 7 Ilia. Proraier beat Grafton at weight for age in Mitry hnroush nnd ran htm a good race for tho District Plate, giving him 6 lbs. ; this proves that Premier is 4 lbs or 5 lbs. a better horse than Grnfton ; in lact he is generally admitted to be. Well. Grafton gnvo Biiron a stone and a boating in the hig hnndi oi p; yet . Premier wns only allotted 7 lbs. more than the Baron. Then, again, there wns Oft k wood with 9 st. 4 lbs. Surely no one will say his perfor mances during the season justified such a weight being put on him. CiiBsillis, who was only n few pounds a better bnrse than Premier, gave Oak wood a heating at Ipswich, and allowed him 2 st. 5 lbs, Grafton gave Challenger 8 lbs. nnd ran him ttileaii heat ; and Challenger is known to be pounds it better horso than Oak wood, and yet Pre mier who is pounds batter than Grnfton only gave Oak wood 10 lbs. Then, as to Zimhesi, Premier gave him 1 st. 10 lbs., and beat him easily nn the lirBt day; yet in this handicap Premier is asked to givo him only 1 at. 6 lbs. I think Promior was weighted properly, but the others were too heavily loaded.. . . ???-.'. 