Though it is only little by little that the simplest principle's in regard to mining legisla tion can be got into the heads of legislators, there are hopeful signs at the present time of better things than we have seen hitherto.' It is true that the Melbourne deputation which waited upon the . Minister : of Mines-;and Attorney-General on Monday did not get much satisfaction, but it has, nevertheless, done Us eful work. It has brought prominently before" the public a principle, which is, in fact, the share-warrant system extended, which is likely to grow in favor, and which will some day be recognised as the true basis of mining adven ture. Neither the Attorney-General nor the Minister 6f Mines coiild see his way, which' is not surprising when-we remember the medley of provisions in the Alining Bill • but the most singular part of the business was, the ignorance of Mr Walsh in regard to what is contained in the measure of which he is the accredited parent. We do not say that he is ignorant of the words and phrases therein. He knows, no doubt, the various clauses quite well, but he plainly showed to- the deputation that he did not understand their effect, and the deputation, too, did not see that it might hoist him with his own petard. In course of his objections to the non-liability views of the deputation, Mr Walsh referred to the 30th clause of the Bill, which, he said, gives a - shareholder the power, of getting rid of his liability .on the mere payment of. the calls due, by transferring his shares to the company. Now, we think that a little consideration will show Mr Walsh that this clause contains the very principle which he refused to recognise. He had consented long before he said that he would not consent. Under the 30th clause no shareholder will be liable further than it pleases him to be. He can shake off all his responsi bility to the creditors of the company by the payment of a single call, or before a call is made, so that all the elaborate provisions for the protection of the creditors and winding-up are rendered useless by a single clause. For, it is evident that what one shareholder can do all can do. If one can transfer to the company all can transfer to the company. The result is obvious. When a company gets into difficul ties, the shareholders will simply hand over their shares to the manager, and there will be an end of the whole concern, and the creditors will not be able to recover a single farthing from the shareholders. Under unfavorable circumstances, when a company is clearly going to the deuce, the directors are not all likely to make a call, but will, probably, be the first to transfer their shares, so that there will not be any impediment in the way of a complete shaking off of liability, and the official-agent will find no work to do. What is this but non liability in disguise 1 What is it but precisely that which the deputation asked should be made a recognised part of the law, and which Mr Walsh, having granted, sternly refused to grant! We can tell the deputation that non hability is provided for, and very effectually too. There is, indeed, onedifference between whatwas asked and what, is conceded, and it is this:— The bill requires that the shares shall be for mally surrendered to the manager of the com pany, whereas the deputation asked that the non-payment of a call should be held to be a surrender. There is about one shilling dif ference between the two views, and that is all The difference, however, is important, because when a formal surrender is required those who are occupied with other business will be the victims, whilst the professional adventurer will never pay a farthing more than he pleases. The legal cobweb is so constructed that it will only catch the simple flies, whilst the cunning ones will be able always to evade it. Under the surrender clause there would at best only be shreds and patches of companies to wind up, whilst the creditors would have no more secu rity than under the no-liability system, or under the existing method of dummyism. In fact, the whole thing is a sham. The Bill pre tends to give a security which it does not and cannot give, and the Attorney-General is shocked at being asked to do the very thing which he has done. We can but hope that the select committee will be clearer of vision than the persons at present responsible for the Bill, and we think that the Melbourne deputation might return to the charge with a weapon plucked from the Ministers’ own armory, We know that there are folks who believe in Wroe, and some who look for the early advent of Johanna Southcote. ’ We are not sure that there is not a lingering faith in the Cock lane ghost, and we see that a gentleman by the name of Spiers has been dreaming some extra ordinary dreams somewhere in the neighborhood of Miners’ Rest. Need we then be surprised that a paper is found which believes in the old theory of the balance of trade 1 To the Age must be given the honor of clinging faithfully to a belief given up elsewhere, and of expound ing principles which have been laughed to scorn till they are no longer food for laughter. The Age, amongst other wonderful things, has found out that there is “afloodof prosperity” over the land, but does not condescend to explain where the prosperity is, or how it comes about that, while the country is in prosperity the people are not prosperous. The Age's prospe rity, we find, is purely a theoretical one. It is not the result of an investigation into the con dition of the people, but a deduction' from certain assumed premises which its readers are asked to take upon trust. The two chief rea sons for the flood of prosperity are, that “ the banks are overflowing with money,” and the exports of the colony exceed the imports. In regard to the first reason, we desire to point out that it is based on a delusion. The accu mulation of money in tho banks is held, in London, where something is understood about business, to show a dullness of trade, because there is no demand for capital Any one who -reads the commercial articles of the Times, or its reviews of tho year, will discover that this opinion is based upon long experience, and, indeed, no great experience is required. Banks do not keep their money unemployed if they can help it. Depositors do not let their de posits lie idle if they can find an investment for them, and we may, therefore, safely con clude that where there is an unusual accumu lation of unemployed money, it is because there are _ distrust and a disinclination to in vest. This does not prove prosperity, but the converse of it. It proves, in fact, precisely the state of affairs which is now seen, a dearth of employment, and a tendency to hoard. If the flood of prosperity is no deeper than this, we are afraid that it will not reach very far down in the strata of society. Further, if it [ is true, as the Age avers, that in consequence of the exports exceeding the imports “the im portation of English sovereigns has set in and is likely to continue,” we can only say that this we do not take to be a sign of prosperity, nor does anybody who has closely examined into financial and commercial questions. * Even Las Casas, in his day, was shrewd enough to see that the vast quantify of gold carried into and kept in Spain did not make it rich, whilst modern economists have pretty conclusively settled the \yhole question. If we get gold for exports we get what is of less use to us than goods. We can, in regard to many articles, spend our money in Europe to greater- advantage than we can spend' it here, and there can, clearly, be no greater gain to the colony than to exchange what it can produce cheaply for what it can only. produce at a high cost. If we insist, as under a protective system we are doing, in keeping cheap, goods out, and if we are getting gold instead, we are deliberately, throwing away our chances, and choosing’ to pay dearly at home for what we can buy Cheaply abroad. By some twist in the "mind, this may seem to some to be a very good thing, but it is, after all, merely robbing the many for the benefit of the few 1 . Ever since the tariff of 1865 we have been told that there has been a flood of prosperity, but those who will compare the period before and the period after the tariff will have no difficulty in deciding upon which side the advantage lies. Moreover, all the nonsense about a theoretical prosperity will not get rid of the facts patent;, to everybody who takes the trouble to read the papers, that there is now a relaxation in enterprise and a consequent general want of employment. Another delusion, or rather , assertion, of the Age is, that protective duties do not increase prices, but this, it appears, only applies to per sons who pay ready money. To most persons it appears to be plain, that if there is no in crease of price there is- no protection, Mnfce the first condition of protection -is, that the local production shall be more costly than -the imported; ; However, when such a flood of prosperity as we now see is deduced from such arguments, it is scarcely worth while to say much .about either., . , 