THE CHARGE OF MURDERING CHILDREN. (From the Dail^ News, May 10.) YESTERDAY afternoon tue girl Agnes Norman again placed in the dock at tho Lambeth police co on remand, charged with the murdo.- of Jessio J Beer, un infant. Mr. St. John Wontner (in the absence of ] Poland) appeared to prosocute ¡ and Mr. Mori Thomas again defended the prisoner. The first witness called was Mrs. Gardener married woman, living at Gros vonor-villas, Grosven road, Stockwell. She formerly lived at 147, Stoi well Park-road. On tho 21st April, 1879, prism enterod her service. [Prisoner hero had to seated.] Witness continuod to say she' had no cl ractor with hor. In about ton days after sha rome bered Mrs. Taylor coming to spend the ovoning the She Drought her bahy with her. It was a porfeo healthy child. She Baw Mrs. Taylor put tho child bed about twenty minutes past 8 o'clock, and wh she left the room it was fast asleep. At about quarter to ll she and Mrs. Taylor went into t room. The bnb r was in tho same position as wh they left it hut it was quito dend. .Theres another child of witness's in the aamo room, whi had been in bed since about 7 o'clock. Witness h I another Borvant there,' named Elizahoth Gold ir Sho was now prcBont. An inquest was afterwar held upon the child, when a verdict of "Natui Death*' was returned. On the 18th of May t witness went out in tho ovoning, leaving her chi! James Alexnndor, aged fifteen months, in his cot, ai when she retnrned at 8 o'clock the child was des Six or eight birds, two cats, a dog, a dozen gold-fit i and a parrot had been found doad while tho prison ! was in her sorvice. Whon eho discharged tl prisoner she gave her a character for sobrioty ai civility. Sho had no suspicion of tho prisoner nt t time, hut afterwards thought she must have caus the death of Mrs. Taylor's child. Mrs Fanny Taylor, tho mother of tho child abo alluded to, gave confirmatory ovidenco, hut had i particular reason to think the prisoner had anythii to do with tho doath of her child. Elizaboth Golding, the fellow-servant of tho pi coner ot Mrs, Gardener's, gave corroborativo ov dence, adding that, in the case of all the suddi I deaths, tho prisoner was tho first to maka tho disc ' very, With tho exception of tho case of tho parrot. Mr. Edward Pocock, surgeon, of tho Brixtoi j road, said ho rememhored being called in to soo Mi Taylor's baby. It was dead when ho got to tl i houso. He gave his ovidenco now to the heat of h I bolief, as it was a year back. He refused to give certificate. Was not summoned to attend tl inquest. Remembered also being called in to si another child in the gamo house. It appeared ns it had just recovered from a fit when ho saw it. Mr. James Dodd Swallow, surgeon, of Ol, Ker nington Pnrk-rond, said! In May, 1870, he attende Mrs. Gardener's child. It WOB for teething. Di not see it tho day it was found insonBiblo. I] remembered tho doath of tho child, and was set for. Had seon it on the 14th of May, and it die on tho 18th. Whon he last saw it alive it wt Buffering from toothing and its effects. There wn nothing to lead him to think it would die, hut h thought perhaps convulsions might take placo. Ha < never seen it in convulsions. Ho gave a certificat I to the effect that death had been caused primnril; hy teething, and secondly by convulsions. I Mrs. Elizaboth Milnor, of 19, Park-road, Gros venor-park, said that in January, 1809, prisone entored hor sorvice, her mothor saying she wa about fifteen years of age. Witness had fou children, aged respectively eight, six, two and a-hal years, and ten months. ' They wore all in perfootl; good health when prisoner came to service, Minnie agod two and a-half years, only having heoi attended hy a dootor twelve months hefore, and thei for her teeth. Witness was in tho hahifc of goin; out as an onvolopo folder ovory day. In Fobruar; she wont out, leaving prisoner and tho four children When she returned in tho evening sho found th youngest child. Thomas, quite dead. It wa- lyinj on tho hod. Witness uBkod prisoner if Bho treatci tho child kindly, and eho said she had There waa an inquest on tho child. A fortnight after wards, on tho 24th February, witnoBS again lef homo. Tho ohildren were left with prisoner. Akoui half-past 7 o'clock in tho ovoning when sho roturnoc sho found Minute, agod two and a half years, quiti dead. There was no inquest upon that child About ton days after that prisoner was loft in ohargi of the two remaining children. Upon her rdtun tho boy Arthur was insensible, and ho remained s< until tho following day. About G o'clock in th< ovoning Arthur told her something, and in conse- quence of what he said, witness askod prisoner if il was true what tho hoy had told hor she had dono tc Minnie. Witnoss asked her if it was true whal Arthur had said about Minnio boing shnt up in thc wardrobe, and she made no answer. Witness then askod hor if she had done right hy the children in hornhsonce, and she said sho had, Sho also askod he: if she had done anything to frighten Arthur about a ghost, and she made no reply. Witness afterwards discharged hor, and told her sho helievcd sho could put her in prison, hut had not sufficient evidence to ohargo hor with murder. She also reasoned with her, and asked hor if she liked children, and she said, "No, not much." Witness told her sho had better not take another situation whore there were any cbildron, and if ever she did, to think of Tommy, Minnio, and Arthur (tho names of tho children). To thia prisoner made no reply. Then she discharged her. By_Mr. Thomas: Was not told that Minnio was put in tho wardroho in play. With regard to Arthur being frightened by. a ghost, prisoner said it was only in fun. Had no suspicion at first that prisoner caused tho death of tho two younger ohil dron. She now had a suspicion that she had suffo- cated them. Witness believed prisonor stifled thom. Her reason for saying so was because they diod so suddenly. Charles Parfitt waa examinod, and said ho was eleven years old, and was now at school near Wind- sor. Mr. , Brown, of 19, Templo-stróot, St Goorgo's-road, _ was . his unole, and ho lived with him in . August last. Ho remem- bered prisonor, whom they called Helen. Upon tho night prisoner had a holiday witnosa slept in hor room with his aunt. Ho was awakened in the night by fading something hurting him. Upon looking up he saw Holon (meaning tho prisoner) on tho bed One of her hands was on his mouth and the other on his throat..'. He felt as if ho was boing strangled, and he tried te get up. He tried to make a noise, hut could not. Sho gave him a sweet, and told him not to cry. His aunt carno up, and Helen WOB than on the bcd. He told her Helen had been trying to choke him, and on getting into Mrs. Brown's bedroom ho felt a soroneBS in his throat, and his lip was swollen. Previous to Helen noting so to him his throat and lip were all right. By Mr. Thomas: Ofton stayod with H olen. Did not vory ofton dream. Helen told him she did not mean to hurt him. Mr. Ellison, at this stage of the case, ordered a remand, and tho prisoner was romorod., 