A WORD FOR THE CHILDREN. CHILDREN are very imaginative beings; their fancy is easily excited; and little serves to strike their young minds with awe. Susceptibility to impressions of all kinds is especially character- istic of children. The inlets to feelings are vividly sensitive in them ; and during the first five years of life the child, perhaps, learns more of the qualities of objects, their relations, ideas about them, impressions of things, and receives more lasting impulses to conduct and character than he does during the whole of his future life. Unhappily, this keen susceptibility of children to impressions is often taken advantage of, greatly to their injury. Wise and careful training of youth requires much forbearance, patience, and good guid ance. The best culture is slow and gradual; but impatient nurses and educators cannot wait. They foolishly expect children to display a temper and wisdom which age and experience have not yet enabled themselves to acquire. Their methods are too often hasty and passionate. If the child will not be " good," he is slapped on the back, or is threatened with " the Old Black Man." And very often the last powerfully af fects the imagination, and, by exciting the fears of the child, subdues him when nothing else will. But the quiet which is produced by the terror of " Bogie," is obtained at a fearful sacrifice. Every unfounded fear excited in the mind of a child is a stab inflicted on its moral nature. The child is terrified, it is true, and is quiet for the moment; but the cause of the querulousness has not been removed, while you have planted a terror in its mind, and thereby made an im presssion upon his character which life will not efface. Superstitious fear has been engendered to a greater or less extent, which will continue to affect that child's being, even after he has grown up into manhood. But what is still worse, the child by-and-bye learns that " Bogie " is a fiction; for the more " Bogie "is threatened, the more he doesn't come. In fact, he discovers that all the while you have been threatening him with the " Black Man " and " Bogie," it has only been a series of lies you have been telling him. And thus, not only have you educated your children in superstition, but in falsehood. Some foolish nurses go even farther than words; they shut up tender children in a dark closet or cellar, to make them be " good." At least this terrifies the child, though sometimes it only makes him sulky and defiant; but oc casionally it only drives him into idiocy, and sometimes kills him outright. A frightful case of this latter sort occurred at Birmingham some years ago. The parents of a child had gone out to an evening party. The child was fretful, and the servant in whose charge it had been left, to terrify it into quiet, while she enjoyed herself with "company" down-stairs, dressed up a frightful object in a mask, and pinned it to the curtains of the bed. The mother returned home, and ran to her infant; it lay perfectly quiet. Its eyes were wide open, but fixed upon the frightful figure in the mask ! Tbe mother touched the child; it was dead! You can fancy the anguish that poor little thing must have suffered before the life was terrified out of it by this inhuman expedient of the faithless servant, and what also must have been the agony of the mother at thus discovering her lifeless child. Idiocy has not unfrequently resulted from similar terrors practised on children—first there is a fit, then brain disease, ending in idiocy. Servants—who are generally a little educated class, and bring into the houses of their em ployers the domestic methods of terrifying which have been practised in their own humble, and it may be, ill- regulated, homes—servants, we say, are very apt to resort to terror in dealing with children, and rely mainly on the " Black Man " and the " bad place," in subduing them into quiet. They are sometimes too fond of frighten ing the young things with goblin stories, and tales of witches and ghosts, which cling to the child's imagination, and cause him much after misery. No careful mother will expose her child to the risk of such inhumanity being practised upon its young and susceptible mind; for if she do, she may as well throw up her child at once, and leave off all further care of his up bringing—as any good influences which she may exercise will be effectually thwarted, and the ohild's nature irretrievably poisoned, by the more powerful malign influences at work in her absence. Pictures are often of a kind to excite great terror in the minds of children, and those of a frightful kind ought carefully to be kept out of their way. We have recently seen a little book with cuts, representing tbe torments of the lost, which could not fail to excite such horrors in the minds of most children as they could never afterwards entirely shake off. A bad expression in a picture haunts one for long after. A child never forgets the pictures with which he has been familiar in early years. They speak to him through the eye, which, at that time, is the main inlet of knowledge; and the impressions then made are of the most abiding kind. Even some of the modern picture-books are not free from the horrible; and against all such we warn mothers of families to beware. A Caution to Youthful Smokkbs.—ln a lucid paper by Mr. Andrew Boss, M.D., of Mo long, on " The Climate of Australia, Viewed in Relation to Health," which appears in the Feb ruary number of the New South Wales Medical Gazette, he thug declaims against tobacco:— " The use of tobacco (smoking) is another very frequent evil resorted to by many in early life. Its effects are so familiarly known that I need not waste time repeating details. I merely wish to direct attention to the injury it produces on the constitution from its early use. Its ill effects are moßt apparent on the stomach, nervous sys tem and salivary glands. By its stimulating qualities it particularly robs the s'omach of one of the essential elements to digestion, for if the food be improperly masticated and intermixed with saliva, how is it possible to expect proper and healthy digestion and nutrition? Here, then, I entirely condemn its use, aa, through the stomach it must work its injurious effects on the general health. Of course I know it is a weed I that hai its friends and its enemies; but who can conscientiously advocate its use in early life, before the body has had sufficient time to be developed ? What necessity, moreover, has youth for such % stimulant or narcotic poison when possessed of a buoyai t elaatio spirit ? No more than the child has to consume its repast of animal food three or four times a day, and then blame the ' climate' as the cause of the evils. In certain cases I fully admit its use, but for one real case in thousands it is absolutely unneces sary, and often a great source of injury ; and in young men particularly, it can be considered nothing else but a flash, idle habit, the hand maid to grog! Its use for a time may create no perceptible change, but assuredly it will leave its indelible mark on the system, as opium does ■ on the opium eater, or grog on the habitual i drunkard. Open manliness and honest reason : can assign to it no other virtue." ! Thk Bkactippl.—Perception of beauty ia : one of the moat decided characteristics by which : man is distinguished from the brute. We di.-- ' cover no symptoms of admiration in animals of ! a lower grade than ourselves. The peacock ex- ! cites no deference from the splendor of kis : plumage, nor the swan from her snow-white i feathers; and the verdant fields, in their sum- ' mer bloom, attract no more than us their ilowery sweets allure the insect tribe, who in their turn are followed by their foes. To man alone be- , longs the prerogative of appreciating beauty, ■ because admiration is graciously designed as the ' means of leading him on to moral excellence. I 