Notes and Queries. Sir,-Hearing the other day that a snake was killed by a party of diggers at Evana' Head that had foui feet, I wont down to see it, not believing for a moment that it was true. After getting down, I saw tho party who killed it, Hacpherson's. I did not see the snako I had heard about, but I saw ono they had killed a fow ^ minutes before I got to their claim. I took it to bo a whipsnake, a kind very common in this part of the world, but was soon afterwards shown its legs, of which it had four; but the reptile had semehow drawn them in when dying, and I could see no more than tho points of tho feet. Two days afterwards, while looking on at another party at work, a portion of the bank foll in, and out of it came what I also took to be a small whip snake, but, on closer inspection, saw it had four logs ; two of these wore oloso to its head, and the other two close to ils vent. The hind legs wore a good inch in length, and the fore legs about half an inch, tho snake itself being about a foot long. Tho legs of this reptile wore web-footed, with three toes or spurs on each foot. I should bo glad to learn if these snakes aro numerous, and also if thev are vonemous in their bi to. Th ml un moans with mo of preserving it. -I remain, sir, A. O,, "Richmond lUvor. Mr. Krefffc, ourator of tho Museum, has favoured us .with tLie following information on this matter: - "Reptiles with legs aro callod lizards ; they may have very short legs or no legs at all, and only a pair of fhvppers,-still they are classed with the lizards, and not with tho snakes. The best distinguishing mark between a lizard and snako is tho tongue, which is forked in all snakes, and flat and broad in tho little lizard your corrrespondent mentions. Only crocodiles havo partially webbed feet. Much ingenuity has boon expended in the endeavour to discover on which hand and on which finger the wedding ring was anciently placed. The Jews have a tradition that Mary, when she espoused Joseph, re ceived the ring on her middle finger, hence no Jewish woman wears her bridal ring there, but always on her forefinger. St. Ambrose in one of his sermons, calls the third finger, tho finger for tho ring. Macro bius gives the nursery nam os of tho fingors in the times of tho Homans ; the third finger is called unu laris ; tho low Norman name for tho samo finger is "John of tho seals." In the ancient ritual of mar raige among tho English Baptists, the ring was placer! j on the end of tho left thumb, with the words, " In tho name of tho Pother," then on the forefinger, with the words, " and of the Son," then on tho middlo finger "and of tho Holy Ghost," finally on the third, tho ring finger, with tho closing word, "Amen." Tho ancient Greeks used this finger also, becauso i hey believed a nerve to run directly from this finger to the heart. Lemnius says it is not an artery but a vein, and modern science shows that there is nothing of the kind in existence. Tho right hand is tho hand of power, hence the wifo wears tho ring on the left hand. The third fingor is tho only recognised ring finger, though it is true that the statues of tho gods had their signets on tho forefinger, both in Greece and in Italy. This was on the right hand, but, from convenience and long established custom, the left hand is now generally con sidered tho right hand, and tho least linger of that hand holds the ring. Lemnius says the samo finger was called Medicus, for " on account of the virtuo it de rives from tho heart, tho.old physicians would mingle ] their medicaments and potions with this finger, becauso no venom can stick upon tho very utmostpart of it, but it will offend a man, and communicate itself to his heart." Some married women aro so superstitiously rigid in their notion respecting tho .wedding ring, that they will never, even for a moment, tako it olE their finger, ox tending, it would seem, the expression, "till death us do part," even to this golden pledge of matrimony. Among the traditions of wonderful trees, tho follow ing will, we have no doubt, prove interesting to our readers. Tho large Golenos oak, which was felled in the yaar 1810 for tue uso of His Majesty's navy, grow about four miles from tho town of Newport, in Mon mouthshire ; tho main trunk, ut ton feet long, produced 450 cubic feet ; one limb, 355 ; ono ditto, 472 ; one ditto, 235 ; one ditto, 15G ; one ditto, 10G ; one ditto, 113 ; and six othor limbs of inferior size averaged ninety-three foot eaoh ; making tho whole number 242G cubio feet of sound and convertible timber. The bark was estimated at six tons ; but as some of the heavy body bark was stolon out of the barge at New port, tho exact weight is not known. Fivo men wero twenty days stripping and cutting down this tree ; and a pair of sawyers were fivo months converting it, with out losing a .day (Sundays excepted). The money paid for converting only, independent of the expense of carriago was, L82 ; and the wholo produce of the tree, when brought to market, was within a trifle of LG0Ó, It was bought standing for L405. Tho main trunk was nine feet and a half in diameter, and in cawing it through a stone was discovered six feet from the ground above a yard in tho body of tho tree through which the saw cut ; the stono was about six inches in diameter, and completely shut in, but round which there was not tho least symptom of decay. The rings in its butt were carefully reckoned, and amounted to above four hundred iu number, a convincing proof that this treo was iu an improving stato for upwards of four hundred years ; and as tho ends of some of its branobos wero decayed, and had dropped off, it is presumed it had stood many years after it had attained maturity. A special despatch received at Now York, on tho 27th April, says Sir John Young is reported about to resign his position as Governor-Genoral of Canada, and that his successor is "likely to bo tho Marquis of liOrnc or Prince Arthur. 