A FALSE ALARM. [Tg foliow ent ( appned one niht at the Q?seea s bt ort , ew Zead. Geonerl Cmere had gathered all the Imprald trops toget?b up the vtrt to mok \- grand attak onO the Maorl stroobd at OMe--5.e , d of ours te men from the Queen's trloabt--- stroo ptaes tkem from thte enemy sod teant~s by s. Oftlrn mils du. tant from Me,.Msee--ptsey t0t to wret the nutmber. I ble e tbelsr plan s supplhed t the Itedout by ?me raw 1tr5 from the ars fasthlorable drspeest' eahlrhments of Ohe go?o city of Auckland, o?t henos The Faes taarm.J 'Twas night (New Zealand)-a small band Lay buhbed in sleep profound, Eocept one lonely senotinoel, Who paced his silent round. The Queen's Redoubt lay lone and grim Athwart the midnight sky, And some empty teant, ,jst vacated, Lioke shivering ghosts stood by ; The Maori watch-fire gleamed afar, On blere- Mere's height; While aovage yells 'mid the war-dance Awoke the silent night. Hark I What is that ? A short gruff abshout Arouses the slumbering few. "Who goes there ?" the sentry cries In accents deep and true. Some stretch their necks and listen To catch the prompt reply, But nothing Lreaks the stillness, save The river running by. Again the sentry's challenge-cry Rings out in pestionate ire "Who goes there P-Quick l-answer, or, Bost me! I will fire" No answer yet. The man pearas keenly Through the gloomy night, And presents his loaded rifle At some object dressed in white. Thes paues he a moment (For the night is very dark) To steady his unruly nerves And to make sure of his mark. Booming, crashing through the tents, The bullet speeds its way, When instantly the encampment rang With a loud, unearthly bray. The sentry in a trembling voice Shouted with all his might " Up, comrades, up! Haste! Guard, turn out! Here's the Maori in right!" The awakened men confusedly Over one another fell, And in eagerness to reach the door Some floored their friends pell-mell; While the poor unfortunate sentry, On valiant deeds full bent, Fieroely grasped his weapon, Then-got beind the tent! The warriors soon regain their feet, And each man grips his gun Feels safe in numbers, confident All ready for the fun. Some curse the savage in their hearts, And some feel very sore; But suddenly there came again That queer, terrific roar I It made the very sergeant quake, Yet still he nobly Called out unto the bothered guard ' Charge, men ! Death or victory 1" The guard fix bayonets, and, cheering, rush To dislodge the cruel foe, When all at once they quickly halt, And the sergeant roars " Halloa!" For, lot behold, in front of them (I state the truth-no more) They perceive a bullock peeping From out an old tent door Yes! a poor old harmless bullock, Who had strayed from some yard, Had got among the empty tents And frightened all the guard. Police-station, Binds, Aug. 17. 