ORIGINAL. . Lines written by the undersigned on the demise of a . pupil of his whose life and death happened strangely to co-incide with tiie commencement and demolition of a certain bridge. Bemodelled by the author from his original XLS. APOSTBOPHE. Say, Angclin, what that mystic lie Mysterious, which seemed to make thy life, So interwoven with that of a bridge. For it is said, that on thy natal day, Whe.1 first thy gentle spirit drew earth's air, That stone was laid, on which its structure stood. And we have. seen, that on the very day, The demolition of that bridge commenced, Thy lovely form first lay on the sad couch ; IV lience, prostrate by a dire disease the croup, Thy spirit breathed itself so gently out. IN MEMOBIA.U. Fare thou well, sweet Angelina ! so youug, So lovely and so good ! too pure for Earth, The Angels early took thy spirit home, Into the regions of the blessed afar. There to enjoy thy rest Elysian, 44 hilst we bereft remain to weep, to mourn, Short was thy stay on Earth, O ! Lina, But O ! how long, that sweet and placid smile, Graven by Deatii upon thy waxlike form, 4\ill on our memory rest : so heavenly And serene .' bespeaking Augeis' presence. Farewell ' sweet promise of thy parents hopo, So early, by the cold, cold hand of Death, To be thus biighted ; mournful is their loss. For lo! those eyes, so beautiful and blue, Will look 110 more upon their earthly forms, With trustful glance, so free from guile, so true. How sad, alas ! to sec tliy vacant scat; To miss thy merry laugh, thy jocund voice, iliy winning smile so sweet, thy playful ways ; No more to see thee sporting with the rest, Or haply leading younger ones to school. Farewell, sweei spirit, tliou'rt happier now, Than all vanities of Earth could make thee ; 4 et thus to lose thee buddimr is a blow Too hard for m m to bear without a tear ; Our manhood melts with grief to see our earth Thus doomed to lose the beautiful and true. This mournful earth, in sympathetic mood, O11 tiiat sa l Sabbath morn, to thee all bright, Bedecked herself as 'twere in winding sheet— Of a lioar irost so white ; ;m omen sweet, That thy blessed sijirit rose in robes of light. May we this warning lake to heart betimes, And hasten on llic road that leads to life, 44 lien we shail meet the spirits of the just, The pure aud true, and see in forms seraphic ; As cherubs bright, these sweet aud lovely ones, 4V ho, thus so early, take their leave of earth. Lena ! we cease to weep, while thus we view, Thy liappv change ; from this our eartli so dull. To that celestial region bright and fair, Free from those pains and troubles we feel here, To that blessed stats of bliss eternal there. 'Tis there we leave thee, Angelina, now, Lest any ihoughts of things terrestrial, Should clog orstav thy upward, heavenward flight, Or check thy progress to those mansions bright, In the blessed bosom of the Father God, \4'here Gentle Jesus' little ones do rest. ABTHUR L. BUTLEB. Grand Chbistmas-Day Fete. — The Bendigo Total Abstinence Society purpose holding a grand temperance demonstration on Christ mas day at Ravenswood. A letter has been received from the bon. the Commissioner of Railways, kindly granting the permission to run the special trains. The committee are already making strenuous exertions for making the affair a success. The eight hours movement- at Quartzopolis is rapidly pro gressing; no less than thirty-six companies have adopted it in their mines at Eagle- hawk, and about seventy in other parts of the district. Steps -will shortly be taken for establishing a miners' union. A meeting will be held this evening to make prelimi nary arrangements. Canine Instinct. — The Chicago Times iB responsible for this : — Some time since, Hon. J. P. McGregor, a prominent capitalist and a member of the firm of A. B. Van Cott and Co., jewellers on Lake street, brought to this city from his former residence in Portage, Wis., an old pointer dog that had been an honored inmate of his household for over twelve years. " Sam" remained here several days, viewing the sights, but sagaciously ab staining from municipal meat when it was proffered hhn by policemen. At length he disappeared, and no trace could be found of him. Two weeks later he presented himself at the old family mansion in Portage, and requested admission. Not having any pass on the railroad, " Sam" had performed the whole distance of 200 miles on foot. Thy Late Bishop Patteson. — The follow ing particulars concerning Bishop Patteson have been communicated to the South Aus tralian Register by his relative, the Rev. Canon Farr. The murdered prelate was the son of the Right Hon. Sir John Patteson, of Feniton "Court, Devon. His mother was a sister of the Right Hon. Sir John Coleridge. TTa Ti too prfriftftfpj? of "Rfrm o-n/1 of fWfnv/l ttr1ia«/k he was distinguished not more for his high intellectual powers than for his moral quali ties and genuine earnestness 0! charactei. After taking his degree at Oxford, he took holy orders, and on the living of Honiton falling vacant, near which town his father re- ' sided, he wrs requested to take the spiritual charge of the parish and accept the incum bency. It happened that at this time Bishop Selwyn, then Bishop of New Zealand, was in England. He was an old friend and coun sellor, and Mr Patteson felt the deepest veneration for his character and for his labors. Talking together in the garden at Feniton Court, the Bishop of New Zealand cengratu- lated him upon the prospect of his being settled so pleasantly near his father and his sisters. "I do not know that," said Mr Patteson. " What do you mean ?" said Bishop Selwyn ; and then for the first time he heard that Mr Patteson's one wish was to devote his life to that missionary work in which the Bishop of New Zealand was already engaged. Sir John Patteson, feeling as he flit) tliftf Via aVtmilrf ana Viia con -n r\ wavo mtttA — « mmwhau "ww a1aw ww1a aavy uigluj gaiu his consent to their .separation as one who felt that we should not make our gifts to God of that which costs us nothing ; and Mr Patteson joined the Bishop of New Zealand in his work in New Zealand and the Melane- sian Islands. His great aptitude for acquiring languages aud his gentleness of character pe culiarly fitted him for this work, aud in due time he was called upon to take the oversight of the Melanesiau mission. He was very un willing to undertake this responsibility, wish ing to serve under another ; but ultimately the Bishop of New Zealand convinced him that it was his duty, and so he was consecrated bishop. Canon Farr adds, " It ought now to be mentioned that the mision was mainly sup ported by Bishop Patteson's private means, aided very largely by old Eton schoolfellows and Oxford friends ; among others Miss Yonge, the authoress of the « Daisy Chain,' the ' Heir of Redcliffe,' and other works, deserves especial mention." Doing it Wholesale. In some of the up- country districts, says the Age, wholesale robbery is the order- of the day. About the .end' Of September last some thousand sheep were stolen from the Muntham station, near Casterton. Mr Edward Herbert Henty, the owner, offers £50 reward for the arrest and conviction' of the thief or thieves. . The Mining Companies Law Amendment Bill. — -This measure was returned by the Legislative Council to the Assembly on Wednesday evening with sixty amendments of more or less importance. One of the: amendments provided that certain matters connected with mining com panies should not only be published in the Government Gazette, but " in a daily newspaper published in Melbourne, . and in one or -more papers circulating in the colouy wherein the registered office of the company shall be situated," and it gave rise to some discussion, but was ultimately adopted. Mabbiage Supebstition. — Our marriage service of the period is very nearly the same as that used by our forefathers, a few obso- lete words being only changed. The bride was taken " for fairer, for fouler, for better, for worse," and promised to be buxom and bonny " to her future hu- band at bed and at board." The bridegroom used to put the ring on each of the bride's left hand fingers in turn, saying at the thumb, " in-the name of tbe Father ;" at the second, " in the name of the Son ; " at the third, " in the name of the Holy Ghost ;" and at the fourth "Amen!" It was' also' the custom for the bride's father to present' his son-in- law with one of his daughter's shoes, as a token of the transfer of '.authority, and the bride was made to feel the change by a blow on her head with the shoe. The husband was bound by oath to use his wife well, in failure of which she might leave him; yet as a poiut of honor he was allowed " to bestow on his wife moderate castigation." An old Welsh law tells us that three blows with a broomstick on any part of the person, except the head, is a fair allowance ; and another provides that the stick be no longer than the husband's arm nor thicker than his middle finger. — St. James Magazine. p.vni actav au u« clrr. wrrr. (prnin Titusvlile Pennsylvania Herald, Sept. 22nd.) One of those appalling accidents which sends a thrill through the hearts of all occurred on the A. J. Kerr farm, Church Run, yesterday, at about 1 o'clock in the afternoon. Well No. 14 took fire from the gas bursting out in great quantities, and oil was tlirown out of the pipe, with the tools in the hole, to a height of up wards of 100 feet. Two men, Roberts and O'Hem, drillers on the well, were standing on the derrick when the explosion first took place, and as the fire rushed furiously sky ward, gathering in everything within reach, the two men were engulfed in the flames, and in making their escape were compelled to run through the fire out into the open air, and when first seen had nothing on but their pants and boots, the balance of their clothing having been burned off of them. The two injured men ran to the derrick of Well No. 13, where four men, Cunningham, Fink, Baldwin, and Kerotzer, rushed out, and by desperate efforts extinguished the flames that 4vere burning the bodies of their victims to a crisp. The scene is too horrible to describe, as both the men, Roberts and O'Hern, were the most piteous sights ever beheld, their face, hands and arms, and most of their body, being a blackened mass of charred flesh. Their clothing had been burned off of them, and while every ef fort was being made to relieve their suffering, they fell to the ground under the excruciating pain caused by the severe burns. Roberts ex plains the accident, that they heard the terri ble roar of gas coming to the surface, and both stepped back from the hole, to the side of the derrick, but that the gas had no more than reached the surface before it ignited and the flames ascended to the top of the derrick, wrapping everything around within its reach. The derrick, engine house, and other property was soon destroyed, and it required great effort to keep the flames under control. At inter vals of about fifteen minutes the well would " blow out," throwing the oil upward of a hun dred feet in the air, after the fire and explo sion had taken place and the men were burned. The well at which the accident occurred is owned by Thompson, Gilmore and Co., and is seven feet in the third sand. The loss to the company will be about 1,000 dols. The first explosion attructed the attention of the resi dents within the vicinity, aud soon after the fire had got well under way a large crowd gathesed around the burning well, and, as the men, women, and children caught a glimpse of the victims, there was one universal wail of sympathy, and many turned their faces away at the appalling sight before them. 