A ST1IANOKR IN THK HOITSK. \- Sir, I call attention lo the foci llint nil-lingers nre in llie Howe.' S-i spiVr llie member for Devon, an.l f.irlliivith out iron! nil tlio Al,m,,-V host ; one! from llist lime the speaki-rii nfthe OpgniMtion were fairlv rvliurt.-il. So strangers are of me iu thi-fcc deliberalii'e Councils, nnd it may he dint n stranger's mind inoy help iu giving the lnnd to the fmur.ilt r«i'u»i'--iV. ' IV tiliost in the Library' uiv.-K to t!ie public roo.1 information .if .1 ? ? _..._! -.._. ..I' .1... A ........1.1 .. lilt Ulllir mirxiii^^ .-. iiiu .in»..iiuij Chaiiitii'r. nn 1 denpiii' nil tin- aUeinnls -if fiorn.nt ou die partoriiorcrnmenl holds il» nndi«|-nlfil -.way. ami turineiila niili unnliati-.l tmver. It ii lin-some. us every ll,.u«cwife kii.iw., to hare choice crockery rutlih-ssly liPike... nnd pel delii-ariet iif fttfi' niHtitir SJ10III liy ou uns.vu Kpiru nii.l'ivlii.-li defies nil e.iutrollinp; bonds! Much us tho mistresses ofhaunteil Iidiiws Miller, it is as nothing tn the cens.'less tor ineiiiiiigs uf ? 'l'lie-ili.ist in die Library.' The |wor Treasim-r is distracted ; there i«« pertk- liialfliiiivrnfantiely np.ni lii« fuc.'iiuJ nithin his Imnds iliirmg liis f,,r.T,! wjoiirn ill the House; the .Minis ter of Jjiiids nn.l Works gnzes raranlly up to the tkvlight iu order that the iilianl.ini may' not distract his tli.-iiglil-- -. nli.I die All.irney-Uelieral ii ill at' ease nnd distraught. Ki-iry rhoieo diJi, carefully cooked and frnpniitly seasoned ; dikhes wliieli hnuld captivate the i-nir ajijiclites of northern barlwiians utiiil tliey lieoimc os very lCsaus iu the hands of wily Jacobs uro either unset ill the i-orrvinir. or nrc tampered with in tlie making by this wterd old Ghost. Cabinet meetings consider every scheme of exorcism, hut neither candle nor tiell can destroy tlie Glmsl of I'arliamenl. As (he raven uf Tom ll.w.1. it is inriiltioraule to sujicriiiition, nnd to knowing to vin luro uilliin the caf.' for a measure of barley -bait. 1 III* -.'uuki in a very in-.-it-iiiii *»(h-i--i- — not horrible in appearance or dangrmns in wradi lo every mm On th't-outniry. it is a Road-natured sniri(, gooilh«morcd and sytiinalhising I? the j*odd and the true, and only lormcutiiiii lo the crafty and fulse. llmvc old sj.irit ! hmg may you tvign iu the lihniry ; may vour shadow never Ik' lesi.. AVlial ' the Ghost might tell the human kiud if it eliose. uo one knows, -out the S(rnnger can only Hale those tilings which liutnan eye doth s.-e, aud human enr doth hear. The effort nt retrench meul when members found themselves as the adiniuistralors of fl grcAt oul'iioor rolicf fund. Touch dint man's salary ! Wliv he has debls oddnl lo a wife mid li:,lf score childivu. Kcduce that man ! Why he is incapable of ouy oilier work than the nominal labour of die civil xcr vim*. Toucu ono of tlio in nml down t'on\t*s llieTrea«urerwilli(lie sledge liomiiie.aigii nu'ttt.that if the officials urn reduced iu snlnriV. (liey would roduc; in worii. 'i'licn it was iniperilliti). lo a ulranger's gra\ny and decorum (for a stranger mu«t uot show anv lnorlul emolion) tn wnteli the mouse )if.. iwinc forth from the LToa niiiiisl erinl uiotinlaiu— ' Tlie Do---ai!C Bill.' h Its eviiifenpe notified by (lie Colonial SccreUir in an after dinner sperali by wordsofwondermentandsuriiriui— forlbis litllcatom oflifo had grown in tbeimagina tion of the Cabinet to such monstrous jiwiiortious, that they were mow tliau half afraid to own (no (nuiiiim nf ibe House, and thus it needed the good cheer of dinner to overcome, tlio nervousness of annoiiucing tho fact, and as the chief mouse ritiiiAlcd (he precious mouse child, it was strange to watch the ajnuued crip pf possession, hist it should «pnng out of those protecting arms, Then its first attempt at cnwling was on the floor of tho Legislative Chamber, under die proleciing hand of tbe Governor, and from tiutt lime its progress towards manhood was the work -of the Houso— ofBuUorandVTiUon. .Tudgo.oul people, of the bitter disappointment of time guardian powers, when tliii Uieir prop and stay M stoallhily amoUiered. ThenoamotEodabatof^e eldest ton of the Government, that queer little withered boy-mon the amonded Bailiraj- Bill ,- very miserable, the )wor lad looked as his ' fliv panffathor aakod for lliodoirerof tire lovernmont lands, ou his marriage with fair Tasmania. Por even boy tliougli ho waa he saw that his tainted father's per. suasions were lost upon tbe, practical souse of tho majority. Messrs Gildtn aud Pobson nuut vet wait uwfltlo beforo such a windfall as 1T,,000 of hriaht ..ooditoM Mn h, 1-LiZ, into the barfiaio for (yinK tin's nuptial Tho Opposition defeated tho measure Messrs. Wliitchend mid Gellibrand mun! Cully leading the fight. Tlieso memlwi-j encrrn well of their constituents So does Mr John Swan. Sir Jackson has lulicn lout ol (jiicciiborough for assert. ing his independence,, thai bigoted lilllo lorough not seeing tlio puiul (liat a mem. ber is bound to legislate for (ho whoe sland, and »ot only for his own distrtci. Into this common error fell the member for West. Holiart, tuiA tbe member for South Hohart. tjomehow, some minis, terial dust blinded their sight, and botl, theso clear sighted men failed lo tee the far away prospect ofo country's ruin. If ever a lliuiatry should be impeached and n (lovcrnor censured, it in now. With ailinir revenue, with an --mtit? Tro*Enr.. with Ihe proscnt interest of tho public debts only met by tlie issuing of fresh debentures, it i- nothing short of madness t.i incur a liability of £»2.0U0 a year With tho assembling of Parliament un. constitutionally delayed, on the eve of a general election, o contrael in J'urlinlir signed which hinds die conntry to a hard nliligatifln aud leaves (he coiKracIwi free. Tin- member lor Kingnl ably elucidated tltiR point in liif really good gneccli. Common justice 'required tliat tlie Goverainent should have rrroired tlie assent nf tho new Parliament before Iliey suffered a 'work to he contracted wliicli wns never really sanctioned. In tlie eyes of rcaionablo men there is no truth in the Trenturcr's constant cry. (hat a former Parliament ordered the railway. Tliey offirm that this scheme was onlv carried lliroUG-h llio House In* two uncniiclitutionai rotts. Tiro Govern ment placemen constituted tlio majority by irhu-li tlio bill was carried, and tiler intiiitaiii tluxt a fnir proof of llie world of railways was within reach. The Dc lo-.a-uo line- of railway was an eiain1 pie, nntl afforded a fair proof that the statistics given by railway madmen, were absolutely unreliable. It remains yet to (in seen irliaf it tho oontract, (he ri:al treaty between, the Government, or some members of tlic Corornntent and t lie. contractors, for it is self evident UuL tli. -ro is a contract nitliin a ooji tract, a wheel within a wheel. TUc said little i.mrr wheel to bo set going, a« arc set going (he extravagant expenditures of the supplementary estimates— during re ei-ss— ond brought down to the Houso for confirmation afterwards, as is brought down for confirmation all the unauthorised pavments. jieverol useful bills have tieen pushed j| ? l. .!._ II ? .„ US. _ D-I.i.f. Tl-ll mroiigii me jioui'. auc jxiiuuil llltl, ivhich lias {rone 'lirou^h all its stages, and is now low, recalling to mind the .,IJ,-m dnvs wben the mliabiunu oi certain Islands npplir-d to the Homans for help against Iho rabbits. The bill for tho protection of gold and tilverfromthorannrily o fnirnl munieipati. lies, brought in by the gold-fieldsmcmber, who showed great taut and psliouce in rarrying through lhi» measure. It is whispered that the. Attorney . General n|inli-jihoJ for his intemperote aad un truthfu'. attack before, the second reading. of this Dill, otherwise comethiug mom would have heen heard of hit rrmciiu) propensities and dislike of office work. The Governor's Salary Hill is also a step in Ihe right direction, and the Uuper Chamber has acted judiciously iu re storing the bill at it was introduced, os nothing but a uuanimous vole of both ehoiiihcrs will overcome (he Secretary of passed and will piss, so tiiat the tliorl M'ssioti is not bsrren of results, as some wisi-f,Jk assert. All tile new members liaTe proved (liemwlves ineu in (ho right ilaee, with tlie exception of the number fur Oitlands, who is almost as much an appendage (o the Treasury Bench as is MrCliapman's no-called seeoud vote, tin' member for North HoUnrt. Air Millnr's sturdy determina(ion and honesty are not surpassed hy any mem ber— not cren liy (lie (nulliorthy Scil, whose word is his lutid. Mr Itocher, although with a i-liil.t Chapman tendency, is yet failhful to Dm inlercsts of the people ; and when he sees a little more of the trickery of the Cln viTii-ucnt, will lake his riglil place, urirr Mr Mooro is at present nn enigma. XI r Tlmmns id in im*At ilnHOi-r Cmm hill soft goods iu(!ueii«e. It is t,, It. ho|ied that northern air will oounteract tlii* southern disease. Mr Mitchell belongs by creed and manner of bringing up the government of (lie dor. Mr Bell™ is frequently disappointing , linth he and Mr .lock son oscillate Wk wards and forwards, l'erhaps die ' Mor. eilry' in the Houko may have somctliing to -|o with tliis movement. Mr (iellibraud mid Mr Archer are both (horouglily in earnest, and with them may be rlosscl MrOHeillyandMrSliorey. Of (he old meniberi, the Stronger must speak toringlv for very Time hftke. liiere is that fine old warrior, rton nirig liis armour. Although threescore years and ten have swept over him, even now the (ire of oratory is in him, nml In- can wield impistioned words as power fully now as in his days of youth and strength, when any (treat cause animates hit breast. Tlicrc, that clever Irishman with his graceful epigram, his close rea soning, nnd picturesque delineation!. There, that brave Cornishuuin, honest ss tho day, always fouling sails willi (Ue Colonial Tunaurer, and getting mast lookcd with that cumbersome old litre,', decker. Tlicio Ihe mnrdy ScoU, Iwdnud liravc. There (he undaunted man who nerer nesitatct to UKUl, ann tears not mu wrath of the '- mosucnucr of- tlie gods'' any mam mn the broakioK a! a straw, or tin epithets of the flippant Attorney-General, ' iwiUt paltry, anil ilttpicable,' ov-m than the tormctitings of a gnat. Then? Jfr Lellc always straigUtforwatd and rrt loui. Tliere tlio clover lawyer, sriik Uis sarenslic power of rebuke, at tacking like an onslaught of cavalry. Thor* tho Chairman of Coromilion*. ii ho, old meralier (hough he be, must 1» wary of (he son blandishments of the will- occupants of tho Treasury bcncliw. There (lie now member for Franklin, ever wilh lanee on rest for a tilt nt I'1' Minister of [auidi and Works— 'A'1 CaMr, aut Nullus,' his motto, ',o tb» laKer paK of wliich lie will pfolaM.r abide. There (he Treasure r, ever nettled by every diitianuriair «ord. ccuseious of tbo ecusuro 'whieli he should hove, he .» nlivivs tisfia»ih' nrrraml lo} in«t '|i reminding old ftihipned folks of t|.c UuUti clock automaton. Them tho Mioiit.rof Lands and Works, of kiudlr purpose and g-- od(em)K!reduun«.ef,}'etpanderouso«an oleplinat in Mt official evplamtions, and iute^iinable in word power Tliere the AUornoy.General, ever s«ttr fie.1 wilh (he country. ?rliicb could produro a William Gipijn. It were well. « flitipanoy wereoared— ivrbum tap. ' Pnor Roedi iieforv a fall.' and before 'hooonr is humility.' Circumstances, not merit, (javc him his rise, and cireomslanrei may again place him from whonee he came. 