AMUSEMENTS.8 During the latter part f l.as t eek, I amused myself by repeatialy paiising in the strteet: for the purpose of perusing the cieap literattire that in mrany pldces be decks thel fences ; my itte;ntionhbeing pr-' ticularly fixeul on a plicard whereobnj wai printed, in stronigly marked clharacters, the name' of Johnny, Cowani: no'less than' three tiines,i prefaced andli affced by tghe blast 'of t litBeiary trumpet, spasmodidcally blown by the indefatigable F. W. B 'M., Esq. The ol0d ?fiinhi-: I wish to my:lheiart it was Monday, Reading Osment's'placardsall the weela Of:Town-hall busines-s on Monday . -remddelledl to suit the local exigencies' 6f the case, kept hiunting me. Monday came and Tbwrn-hall wards I wended. A penny saved is a penny:gained, thought I,.as I direw near the ddor; so instead of going in at the front doors:and disgorging my "taniaer," I? made foi'the library, pausing at the top of the stairs in raptures; M3adame Pett was conversing with the pianob, coaxing it witi most skilful flatteryj, but as it declined :-to speak 'pleasantly; M?adame,-in a little ijet; sanluted it with i few sound boxes as a parting Iemembrance, and. then. gave up; the 'matteri; in. despair.: A cry.· arose " Cowan," ''.Cowan,". but no Cowan came, instead a ladymadeher:app:earance and sang a. ditty about: the pleasure ,of two faces coming. in contact. ima circle of .amorous maids and swains.. Just before she had con cluded, a sweet ,and: dulcet, voice: reached my ear,. " Now, then, what are you doing there, gboin or go. out." Turning; round, I observed the figure'of a military-lookin~g official, ~ind'l1earnt that the remark wits ad dressed to .myself. I subsided, inwardly heapingl blessings on his head. After walking upi and down the priavement for a little tiime, I. found myself at the corner of Greville-street; a burst of applause made me'tur'n my head' round. The large doors .dn the north side of the hall were open, so at once I made for them. My appear ance at the door was not observed' by the individual who kept watch and ward that night, as his whole and undivided atten tion'was fixed on a little fellow on the platfdrm, in fact, " Cowau," who was de tailing the great and passing advantages of Walking the Arcade with Billy Barlow and theiYoung Bloated Aristocrat. Johnny Cowan 'is a 'very: funny fellowv;' if he would i?lways curb his propensity for making broad jokes, he would be very pleasant to listen to. His songs and local allusions on Monday wvere unexceptionable; and: delighted .tlie immense. audience amazingly'; he was most enthusiastically twice enicored :for each of his programme songs.. Altogethier, he was a great success, and mu.st. have brought "grist'.' to the Miechanics' mill. He appeared towards the close of the evening with a black face and a very extensive mouth, and advertised theloss of his Mary Blane of historical renown, but as he didn'at find her he went to the late review in the rain, which saved him: the trouble of shedding tears ; return ing. froml the scene of bloodless battle, he was about to proceed to Fiji, in company with Messrs. 'latthews, O'Shannessy, and Sir Francis M[urphy, to join J S. Batters, where a new company was about to be floated to be called the " United Knave ofDiamonds Company (limited). lie re tired to iget his luggage ready, but pro maised to attend next Monday night to distribute'the prospectuses; iii the distri bution he would be assisted by M Miss Sheppard and Miss Livingstone,.together with. Captain HIumphreys, Mir. Buchan, an invaluable agent, and several' appren tices, hicluding Spotty. Of the others who took part in the enterta;nment (sub rosa, I. slipped.in while Cowan was beifig applauded), Miss Tomlinson deserves the premier plosition, her singing being very enjoyable. Unfortunately I did not hear. her first song, which I. was told was the best, but I was well pleased with ' Mlly Astbore" and "Joyous. Days.'Y Miss Shanrpe was the young lady. who sia~g "'Kiss in the .R.ing," and also inmplord the audience to believe that sihe a as;'i very sedate young person, b as sun'i; them repeatedly that "she was': not so. wild. as she seemed." MDiss Spol I a:.ils?] played Lady Tcazle to Mii. Siln?i?ris' Sir PIeter, and played it ;well. The siene went? with considcraible sairisi the'flron.;?y dmawbl being Sir Peter's youth; M'%r: Smc.laiiii: also gave " Mary's Ghost "while I wias in the hall. The dooikeeper of' the norlthern entrance, whois one of the vice presidents of that vigorous inistitution next the " George," hadl a "passage ataimnis" wvith a couple of respectablo larrikins while Sinclair was. dissectingi his " lary.s": I overheaid the smaller of'the aforesaid lar rilkins Wifshing to hitmselft?hat the fates had made hiin of larger proportion, for then he would havye punched mast;er vice- presi dent pedagogue's head. However, he had his revenge shortly afterwards. Mr. Blomifeld ihad: several times appeared, some .s'ay four some say five, that evening, and as he only possesses a fair voice without the least pretensiontocultivation, many: of th6 audience'thought it too miich of a good> thing, accoidinigly a deliberate hiss greeted the danouncement of his nnime:: iVMrI: 'Blomfield ought to take the advice that was tendered to-him, some short tiri'e: back,' and the 'nianngement ought , to leave him in the audience till'he can esih the sogs he acttempts. I-is last effort'was. "'You'll remeihb'er me," and no doubt he'll renember the reception he received: There' was the tramp of a mighty hoof heard un derneath the gallery, and a most'misical' and' genitlemaiAty voice asserted, in tone. that'a Chestelfield might have envied lik" he' been' deaf and dumb, ":I wont have thaMt ' door open for you or anyone else; Ihllhave: a bar 'placed across it ;' it shant be opened."' The vice-doorkeeper was indignant, but he:" had his match, and' the hall keeper was master of the situation, and amidst the: kind sympathising remarks of .the young'; men he (the vice-president) had snubbed,. he "skedaddled" quite crest-fallen. .For-> tunately;the entertainment was nearly over. otherwise :the :unpleasaut " otto.of roses', distilled from bad beer, bad breath, 'and to. bacco would -have produced headaches " not; a few." Johniiy owanu appeared and sang, the songs indicated above, andi Madame Pett dismissed the audience with God save the Queen. I find that imade a mistake; last week?. The report as it appeared stated that Mr. (i-iickshanlik's band played; that wam not the case, to Mr. Cruickshank alone belongs: all the honour for the lively overture that , preceded the Prahran Young ,een's' Mutual Imprdvement Society~ I didn't go to the concert on Thu rsday evening.as I was ii undres:s. AIfA.MTEUR COASUA?L. An inquest was held at the Oakleigh Hotel, on the 8th inst., on the body of James Deacon, a mounted constable sta- tioned at Dandenong. It appeared from' the evidence that the deceased was returning from the Richmond depot on the 7th inst., accompanied by his son and another con- stable, in charge of a dray loaded with timber, and stopped at the Oakleigh Hotel to give the horse a feed, for which purpose he removed the bit. He remained about half-an-hour, in the hotel and when about to start was endeavouring to fix the bit again when the winkers fell down and startled the horse, which dashed forward, the deceased clinging to the shaft. After proceeding about 30 yards the point of the shaft got entangled in the pocket of deceased's jacket and threw him down, the wheel passing over his back. He was im- mediately raised, but died before reaching the hotel. A verdict of death from internal injuries caused by a dray-wheel passing over his body accidentally was returned. The deceased was a sober, steady man, and had been about 15 years in the force, he has left a widow and seven children. We have had sent 'tb:us a: copy of' a; memorial friom the . arehbusemen', 'of" MIelbourne?t ,t the Ministry, stating. their: objectidns to those portions:of the proposed tariff that wili, place inci'eased duties :on mostof ithe goods they deal: irin It is a' well-agued document, arid stiould make MIr.r. Francis piuse. Without assentin' to all its statemente, we may say that suchi a case is made but against the propositions: of the T'reasui'er as. seems to us inmpos sible to rebut. It shows, and we think. truly, that if the new duties'sought tb ' be, imposed are not considerably modified, :the warehousemen will no; be 'the only snufftrer, bat.that a largh? share of the burden will'i fall oni: their woik-people, as production: will be very seriously-inter'fered with.. A niotice in lanthier column announces thlit Mr.'. ChatuleL?csielles iiitends to give a rand drawih:' rioih operatic. entertlitnimeitl at the Town tihl, Pirahran~ on Wednesday eveiiing next.i TI;??epc de Wesetifiice wtill ciuprise selectio'ns frdom. ith ppuhlir opla of' The Grand Ducihess 'of GIerib steln" Mr. La citelles w ill be assisted by is E '. i mbert aa Mr. Si t Mrsh. :.'Sir Wm: B,; being at.a parish me tinng madesomrne proposals wvich were objected,to, by:al:famcr. ].iighly enraged,'" Sir "i says. 'le to the farmor," do you know,' sir,' that' I have been as two universities, and two colleges :in.encli university ?."- Well, sir,"' said the am ier,; " what of :that.?- I: had :a: call' that sucked two cows;.and the obsbrva-> tion I made was, the more he sucketd :the. greater callf he grew." Miss Ethul :1" Mamma, dear,. I: think I shall be a duchdss."-Maamma :" What: nor-; i sense, Ethel'!.' What do you mean ?.'Ethel: ":Wby, how vould ij be if I. maried.;a. Dutcisnian ?" 1 ire 14i0 