MONDA Y, JUNE 19, 187L As will be seen by a notification in another column, Mr. Duffy has so far succeeded in carrying out the task com- mitted to him by His Excellency as to be able to submit a list of names for ¡the majority of the offices at his disposal, ¡Ile has not yet been able to secure an |Attorney-General, and the .number of ¡Ministers has been reduced by amal- gamating the office of Commissioner of (Customs with the Treasurership. The functions of the Attorney-General, how- ever, under our system of government, are i so varied and extensive, and the impossi jbility of carrying on the business of the country properly until some gentleman jbe appointed to the post, is so obvious, 'that we cannot help thinking that the publication of any list which does not (contain an appointment to this most 'important post, is both premature and ¡unwiBe. The omission to fill up the office jof Commissioner of Customs may be ¡interpreted in two different ways, and [while the admirers of the incoming Ministry will no doubt attribute it to a desire to give effect to the wish ex- pressed in Parliament to curtail the ex- penses of government, their opponents may be excused if they look on it as an ¡evidence of the reluctance felt by the .majority of members to ally themselves with what will most likely prove an ephemeral Government. There can be no 'doubt that a small community like ours could be well governed by fewer Ministers than we have at present ; but if their, number Is to be decreased, we should prefer to have it done by legisla- tive enactment, and not to leave the matter dependent on the mere will of the Chief Secretary for the ' time being.' The reason for our preference is obvious Offices which are merely suppressed ,by a Minister may, be-resuscitated at any moment it may suit his convenience; and a knowledge of this fact may go a long way to conciliate support. Sir James M'Cullooh was severely blamed, and rightly so too, for bringing this influence to bear on Parliament, and his successor should not be allowed to initiate a similar system of corruption, on tho specious pretence that ho is deferring to Parliamentary opinion. Apart, however, from these considera- tions, we cannot congratulate Mr. Duffy on the team which he has induced to submit to his guidance. It will be admitted on all hands that the financial affairs of the colony are in a critical position, and such being the case, we might have reasonably expected that extreme caro and judg- Nv ment would have been exercised in \ selecting a gentleman to fill the onerous office of Treasurer. Now, whatever Mr. Berry's capabilities may be and we touch on this point with some delicacy, inasmuch as we could never yet discover that ho possessed any \- we know from past experience that finance is not his foi te. The budget which he brought down when connected with Mr. Macpherson^ Ad- ministration was simply childish, and it is little better than an insult to the country to put its author forward in the present juncture of affairs. Empty words, violent gesticulation, and delusive Estimates, will not ex- tricate the colony from the tem- porary difficulties into which it ho3 fallen owitag to the ruinous policy of which Mr. Berry is one of the chief advocates ; and what else has the new Treasurer to offer us? We need not pause for a reply. The answer will spring spontaneously from the lip3 of every one who may have been privileged to witness this gentleman's performances in Parliament. It is with great pain that wo feel our- selves again called on to speak of Mr. Grant. Wo had hoped that his own good sense would have restrained him from again forcing himself on the notice of the public as a candidate for office ; or, that that failing him, his friends would have had sufficient influence over his proceedings to prevent his entering upon a course which must subject him to many unpleasant remarks. We are not unmindful of Mr. Grant's past ser- vices, and we readily admit that he ex- hibited at one time great talent in his administration of his department. But we are nevertheless bound to say that for months before he quitted office on the last occasion, he was rarely in a fit state to discharge the onerous duties with which he was entrusted. We sin- cerely regret that the hon. gentleman will not take-we were going to say a hint ; it has, however, gone far beyond that-but will persist in forcing us to speak plainly. Under the circumstances, then, we can only say that Mr. Grant's uncontrollable passion for intoxicating liquors is such that his appointment to any office of trust and responsibility under the Crown is a scandal and a disgrace to the community. Be it understood, however, that we do not so much blame him for having accepted the proffered prize a3 we do those who have placed temptation in his way. Mr. DurFY ¿new-hohe better-the fatal weakness which has made shipwreck of Mr. Grant's career. It is not so very long ago that they had a passage-at-arms in the Assembly, when he taunted his pre- sent colleague with his dipsomanlacal propensities, and yet now, in order to serve a temporary purpose and gratify a hist for power, he is content to associate himself with a gentleman he so lately de- nounced, and to entrust one of the most important departments of the state the department in which the per- sonal authority and responsibility of the Minister are greatest-to one whom he only yesterday considered un- worthy of notice. Although it is rather late, there is yet time for Mr. Grant to draw back, and we are perfectly sure ithat if he consults his own comfort and reputation, he would be very foolish to let it slip. > As far as the other names are con- cerned, they do not call for much notice. > We have the melancholy satis- faction of knowing that not even the genius of > an O'Grady could reduce our , public works to a more pitiable condi- tion > than they are in at present, and Mr. M'Lellan, as Minister of Mines, will > probably do as little, and do it as well, a3 any of his predecessors. Mr. > Lonomore's passion for speaking will no doubt ba gratified without his > having occasion to go out of his way in order to find topics tfor > discussion. Looking at the matter in this light, no doubt his elevation will > ibenefit the reporters, but we do not jirnagine that any other portion of the ¡community will be great gainers by Ms acceptance of office. Concerning Mr. Spensley we can only say that probably ,the public will not be sorry to hear that an Attorney-General has been appointed, i The relations between the law officers and the public are important and deli 'cate, and it is not well to overburden any man with work and responsibility, no matter how great his talent or expe lience. From the report on the Victorian rail- ways for 1870, which has been recently laid before Parliament, we find that the whole of the debentures authorised under the Act 32 Viet. 331, were issued befoie the close of the past year, and that the amount realised under this and former railway loans, with their net premiums, was £10,959,872 5s. Id., of ?which £9,093,969 16s. 8d. had boen 'expended on 31st December last, leaving a balance of £1,865,902 8s. 5d. avail- able for works of construction. But as no portion of the Essendon and Albury line was regularly open for traffic during the year reported on, and the money ex- pended upon it was £112,000, the cost in debenture capital of the lines under traffic during the year was only (with- out premium, as eel) forth in the report) £8,750,000, and on this a net revenue of £310,408 13s. 2d. was realised, ot 3-55 per cent. Comparing this with the percentage obtained in previous years, fit cannot be considered satisfactory. lu 1865 the net revenue was 4*02 per cent., pur population at that date being very much less than it is now ', and in 1869 , jit was 4-20 per cent. In 1867, it was , 3"31 per cent., which is the lowest per- ' centage of revenue to debenture capital which has accrued for many years. ¿a regards the prospect of an improvement in the percentage of re- venue to capital, the report says that _c of business can be expected as will « enable the net revenue to equal the «yearly charge for interest; but the "extension of railways under more « favourable conditions as to cost than "were previously attainable would « secure this result at a much earlier " period than can otherwise be looked "for." Perhaps so, but we think it will be wise not to expect that the Ñortli-Eeastern or other new lines will c&i-vibute; much out of their surplus tJSts towards the cost of running the existing railways. Summing up our whole indebtedness and losses on railway account on 31st December last, the report shows this to have been £13,593,470 17s. Gd,, including £2,262,936 18s. 2d. for interest on debentures not recouped by the net revenue of the lines; and also the cost of surveys and all other expenditure in connexion with railways other than working expenses, which gives a capital cost, in round numbers, upon the 257 miles of railway now open of £53,500 a mile. Coming to the revenue account, we find that the gross revenue for the past year was £567,016 17s. 4d., or £50,500 less than the gross revenue for the pre- vious year; while the working ex- penses amounted to £256,608 4s. 2d., or £3,264 Is. 6d. in excess of the working expenses for the pre- vious year, the decrease in the net revenue being £33,800, in round num- bers. The number of passengers earned in 1870 was greater than in 18C9, but they were carried for shorter distances (the numbers having been greatly swelled in the later year by ex- cursion traffic), and there was a reduc- tion in the rates charged during some portion of 1870. But these causes do not account for the falling off in revenue, to the amount of £22,000, which occurred. This was mainly due to gene- ral depression in Melbourne and on the gold fields. Low fares at holiday times swelled the number of passengers carried throughout the year, but the genuine paying business, which consists in car- rying passengers from one end to the other of a railway at full rates, showed a great falling off. It is to be hoped, however, that next year's report will disclose a moro encouraging state of affairs. It was chiefly on the Ballarat line that last year's failure occurred, and since the trade of that city shows some symptoms of an intention to improve, we may expect that our railway revenue will also improve. The goods traffic also slowed a considerable decrease in 1870 a decrease of no less than £28,800, all of which, and a great deal more, ac- crued on the Ballarat line, the Murray and the Williamstown lines having each shown an increase. And the state of aflairs is not improved by the circum- stance that the falling off is in the through traffic alone. Local traffic is a small and comparatively unremunera tive branch of our railway business, and though it is very gratifying to find it increasing, a falling-off in the more im- portant through traffic is much more significant, inasmuch as it indicates a falling off in the general prosperity of the colony. But in the goods as in the passenger traffic the failure of revenue was due to the depressed condition of Ballarat, which we are pleased to regard as a quite temporary misfortune. The lesson which these facts teaches is, that still stricter economy should be practised in the management of our Go\ eminent railways. The end of 1870 showed an increased aggregate railway expenditure, and an increasing rate of expenditure on maintenance and repairs, along with a considerable decrease in traffic receipts. And while the receipts, though likely to improve, cannot be ex- pected to improve rapidly, the cost of maintenance will increase from year to year, and in a ratio that will by and by become alarming. It should be borne in mind that heretofore we have been working railways which were con- structed regardless of expense, and ulrich up till quite recently have been imv railways. They are now just passing out of that stage in their existence, and every recurring year will render them more and more costly to keep in good working order. In 1870 there was an increase under this head of £2,761 14s. 3d., arising " from a larger renewal of " sleepers in 1870 than in 1869, and " also from the adoption of the eight " hours rule for platelayers, labourers, " and others employed at daily wages " in the repairs of the permanent way." * During the current year the outlay on sleepers will necessarily be larger still, and it will not be long until new rails are required on some'portions of both lines. Indeed, we may calculate upon having to provide for a consider- able annual expenditure, from this time forward, in the maintenance of the 257 miles of railway already in operation; and this will materially increase the adverse balance which our railway accounts have always shown, It has already been mentioned that the report anticipates that an improvement In our general railway revenue will accrue from the opening of the North- eastern line. But we see very little rea Bou for this expectation. In spite of all that has been said in Parliament and In the columns of the newspapers, the new line is being constructed at a cost of £0,300 per mile, and it will do well if it pays its own way without contributing I to the expenses of older and more costly lines. Nor can it help the old lines in- directly to any appreciable extent, since _ the great bulk of our passenger and goods traffic lieB between the capital and the Inland towns, and very little of it letween one inland town and another tia the capital. Altogether, the state of our railway affairs, as disclosed in the «port before-Cn&should; teach our future administrators, whomsoever they may be, to practise moderation and vigilance m the conduct of the existing railways, Do less than prudence and circumspec- tion in the projection of new lines. The E.M.S. Geelong, Captain B. T. dundas, left her anchorage at 2 p.m. yester m, with the Australian mails, for England and tho East. She took a fair number of Sasaengers from this port, and also 129,189oz. of gold and £27,075 in specio. A large number of visitors were on board previous to her sailing. H.M.S. Basilisk left her anchorage in Hobson's Boy on Saturday, and sailed for Sydney. The usual meoting of the City Council will bo hold this afternoon. Tho Health Com- mittee recommends, in answer to a request from the St. Kilda Council, that the com- mittee should bo authorised to confer with the borough councils acting in reference to the deepening and improvement of the Albert park lagoon for boating purposes, and to give" such assistance as is possible without expenditure of tho city funds, tho site being beyond tho limits of the city. Relativo to a barrel drain from Nicholson-street to the Yarra, as proposed by tho Fitzroy Council, in connexion with tho Reilly street drain, tho same committco recommends that the Fitzroy Council bo informed that while the City Council will giye assistance towards tho efficient sewerage of the city and suburbs, it strongly objects to permanent works and expenditure of monoy for per- petuating the uso of the Yarra as a common sower. A third recommendation of the Health Committee is that the members of Parlia- ment for North Melbourno be invitod to join it in a deputation to the Com- missioner of Public Works to urge assist- ance towards the expense of filling-up and forming tho lines of streets planned by theGovernment through the extensive quarry holes in the northern portion of Victoria ward, and for frontages to which streets tho Govern- ment have been paid largo suras. Councillor Aarons has given notice of motion for the prevention of games of chanco in the Eastern or any other city market. Councillor Arness git es notice of motion for a call of the wholo council for next meeting to consider as to the propriety of affirming the appointment of the Town-hall Committee. A supplementary Gazette was issued on Saturday. Amongst its notifications is the oppointinentof Mr. H. B. Lo.no, P.M., Belfast, to bo returning officer for the oleotoral district of Villiers and Heytesbury, in tbo room of Mr. John Mason, resigned. The hulk De- borah, lying off Sandridge, is proclaimed a penal hulk. Thore was a partial eclipse of the sun at about noon yesterday, hut the cloudy state of the sky prevented its being observed in Mel- bourne. From tho astronomical information in Messrs, Mason and Firth's Victorian Almanac, wo leam that the eclipso was visible as an annular ono on the north-west coast of Australia, the central line passing a little to the north of Port Darwin. Tho first contact was at 10h. 37 Im. a.m., greatest phase llh. 55'2m. a.m., lost contact lb. 15 2m. p.m.; magnitude, 0 26 times the sun's diameter. "Colonel Sankey," says tho Kyneton Guar- dian, "is making very material alterations in tho western bye-wash of tho Malmsbury Re- servoir, tho chiof feature in which is a gradual reduction in the width, by which the overflow of the water on the soft portion of the schist formation above the tunnel, whero such a tremendous gap was m ado by last season's flood, will he avoided. A retaining wall of brick set in cement is being constructed on tbo western side of the bye-wash, tbo wall being gradually narrowed in till tho steep fall into tho river is reached. Between this wall and the eastern bank of the bye-wash will bo pitched with bluestone set in cornent, and it will probably be found necessary also to step the incline and pitch the steps. About 40 men were employed on the work on Friday. The gauge registered 2ft. Gin. above the outlet." What may fairly be considered a "neck and-neck" race, if such term may be applied to ocean voyaging, has just been concluded between two fine clippers which arrived in port on Saturday. One is the iron clipper ship Loch Lomond, from Glasgow, and the other the Aberdeen clipper ship Moravian, from London, a wooden bottom, and between tho two it has been a very close contest. The Loch Lomond left tho Clyde on April G, and tho Moravian passed the Lizard on April 7. Both vessels crossed the equator on the same date, May 2, the "Loch" in long. 23deg. W., and the "Missionary" in long. 25deg. W. The meridian of the Cape of Good Hopo was also passed on the same dato, May 21, by the two ships, the southing of the Clyde clipper being in lat. 38° 10', and of the Aber donian in lat. 42° ; and after experiencing a succession of westerly winds, both vessels entered Port Phillip Heads and anchored in Hobson's Bay the same day. By the ship Moravian thero have beon brought out a number of choice fowls of varions breeds, including Polands, Brahma pootras, &c.; Several specimens of the canine species, comprising bulldogs, terriers, and greyhounds, ara also on board. The Croxton-park Steeplechase meeting, which took place on Saturday last, went off very successfully, though the departure of the mail kept many from enjoying the excel- lent afternoon's sport. The Handicap Hurdle Raco was won, to everyono's surprise, by Benicia Boy, Yorkshireman losing his chance through stopping on the far side of the course. The Handicap Steeplechase was carried off with ease by Launcolot. Farmor's Daughter won the Selling Flat Raco, Delhi, the only other starter, falling in the race. The winner waa bought in for £34, thus giving £14 to the raco fund. The Trotting Race was an excellent ono, the con- test in the last round, between Sir "William Don and Archimedes, being very close, the former proving the victor. The Soiling Steeplechase was won by Sydney, who never looked or wont so well. He was bought in for £24, giving the race fund ¡£4. Tho crush of vehicles on the road was very great on com. ing away, and it will bo necessary for some better order to be maintained on future raco meetings. ' The Government astronomor reports: "Tho weather during the past week was generally fine, but cloudy, and on the 13th and part of the 14th very boisterous. Tho highest temperature in tho shade, G2 'á°, was recorded on the afternoon of the 15 th ; tho lowest, 41°, on the morning of tho 17th ; tho highest reading of the barometer, 30'208in., occurred on the morning of the 15th, during a calm ; the lowest, 29'707in., on tho evening of the 17th, with very light north winds. Hain fell to the amount of O OGin., malting the total rainfall since tho beginning of the year 12'06in., as compared with 13 48in, during the same period in 1870; 9 in 1809, 7'5S in 18G8, Í0'58in 1867, 8'65 in 1866, 6 92 in 1365, 12'46 in 1864, 13 G5 in 1863, 12'02 in 1802,12 53 in 1861, 10-04 in 1860, 10'14 in 1859, 8 i 1858, or an average of 10'46in, In this month's number of tho Australian Medical Journal, just published, the pro- minent paper is by Dr. William Smith, of Collins-street, " On Paralysis with Apparent Hypertrophy of the Muscles"-a form of disease, as Dr, Smith remarks, " rarely mot with, and little understood." Dr. Smith, however, in describing an instance of this affection which has lately como under his notice in this city, brings also together a good deal of information upon the' subject ob- tained from tho writings of othor patbologists, so that his paper presents a compendious and carefully written treatise in little. Mr. Mac Gillivray, of Sandhurst, has a paper "On two Coses of Removal ofJtheiTongue."Intherepo'rc of the proceedings of the Medical Society, Dr., James Jackson, of Mount Gambier, furnishes the account of a large hydatid tumour of tho neck, successfully removed, .There is an. obituary notice of the late Dr. D. J. Thomas," which contains.somo interesting particulars incidentally relating to the early history- of tlio profession in this colony. The leading article is headed "Gratuitous Medicine)"-and bische object of.showing that the cases of, imposture lately discovered in the Melbourno Hospital aro only examples of a wide-sproad disposition on the part of the public to obtain tho services of medical men for nothing'. Tho following little extract, in which the Church of England Messenger alludes to another periodical of tbo samo denomination, shows that tho reverend editors of that publication are as ready to use the weapons of sarcasm towards a rival as ordinary jour- nalists of this world :-" Leading articles aro, we know, scarco with tho Church News; hut is it quite according to journalistic proprioty to fill up their places with advertisements of their own paper? When we read their second paragraph, we fully expected at every moment to come upon the familiar admonition, ' Look on the flags,' Thero are somo good things, however, in tho body of the paper. Under the heading of 'Thoughtsfor Quiet Hours,' we read the judicious advice-' You must not stop to kick at ovory cur which barks at you as you pass along.' Wo aro touched by the simple manliness of this quiet musing, and would like to suggest to tho oditor, for a com- panion meditation-'You must not stop to bark at astrangoriatho street, if you do not wish to be kicked.' " James Lowe, aged 26, was admitted to the Melbourno Hospital soon after 1 o'clock yes- terday morning, suffering from the effects of an overdoso of laudanum. The stomach pump was usod, and the patient was pro- nounced out of dangor, hut ho remained in tho hospital, boing considered unfit to leave. He had been stopping at the Albion Restau- rant, and the keeper reported to the police that the man had taken poison. The man admitted that he had swallowod the contents of a bottle of laudanum, and requested not to bo disturbed till it had takon effect, but ho waa taken to the hospital, with the abovo result. Another case of apparent imposition upon a charitable institution wa3 brought undor the notice of the police on Saturday. A man known as John Edwards had been stopping at M.'Grath's boarding-house, King-street, for the last nine months, during three months of which time he was an out patient of the Mel- bourne Hospital, being in very dolicate health, and on Saturday, as ho became ill, M'Grath sent for Mr. Knaggs, surgeon. Before ho arrived, however, the man was dead. A constable who was sent for examinod deceased, and found no marks of violence. Amongst his effects there was a purse con- taining Bispenco, a razor, and a documont which ran as follows :-" I, Thos. Murphy, do agree and allow that all money belonging to me in bank or in tho Victoria Building Society (sic) to Mrs. Tim. Kolly, Youngtown. County Kildare, or children, should any- thing happen sudden to mo. I hope the said banks will be kind enough to do the same. (Signed) Thomas Murphy. January 20,1870. I have no friend in the colony." Wm. Burrows, manager for M'Grath, found deposit- receipts for £595 upon the deceased. This man appears, from what the constable was told, to have led a miserable existence while possessed of all this money, and to have been, moreover, receiving the gratuitous aid of a charitable institution. A fatal accident occurred on Saturday morning on the Sandhurst Railway line, near Keilor. A labourer named Thomas M'Gann, employed by the Government on the railway, at No. 10 gate, at about half-past 6 on Satur- day morning was engaged with a man named Richard Berry in pushing a lorry used for carrying tools to another portion of the line, when a special train came up behind them. It was dark at the time, and the men having their backs towards the train, did not observe it till they heard the noise of its approach, when they at once set about re- moving the lorry off the line, but while they were thus occupied the train reached them, and ran over M'Gann, killing him. The police made inquiries, from which it appeared that the matter was entirely accidental. The body lies at No. 10 gatehouse, near Keilor, awaiting an inquest, which will be held to doy. A bushman, who came down to Melbourne a day or two ago, was so unfortunate as to bo eased of all his money, £03, and a silver watch and chain, in one night, and had the remark- able luck to have the wholo of his money re- covered for him within a few hours through the instrumentality of tho detectives, who arrested a publican and his brother on a charge of stealing the money and watch. Accord- ing to the statements made, it appears that the man, whose namo is Thomas Hayes, wont on Saturday evening to tho Royal Oak Hotel, Queen- streot, with the property upon him, and thero had a drink. After somo time he bocamo stupid, and lost his senses, and next morning found he was without his money and watch. He gave information to the detectives, and Detectivos Mainwaring and Christie proceeded to the Royal Oak Hotel, which thoy searched, and when they had almost despaired of finding anything, tbey discovered the monoy, consisting of six £10 notes and three singlo notes, in a cigar box in the cellar. They arrested the koepor of the hotel, Michael Keogh, and subsequently locked up his brother, Patrick Keogh, who acts as bannan. Tho prisoners, who are both young men, will be talton before the City Bench to-day on a chorgo of stealing Hayes's money and watch. Elizabeth Russell, aged 36, living in A'Beckett-streot, was admitted to the Mol- bourno Hospital on Saturday, suffering from the effects of some liniment which she had swallowed. Edmond Hy. Lovett, described as a clerk, was lodged in the City watchhouse yesterday by Doteotive Mackay on a charge of obtain- ing £1 from Michael F. Costelloe by means of a valueless cheque on the 13th inst. Two well known members of the criminal class were brought before the Richmond Court on Saturday on a chargo of stealing a number of boots from tho shop of Mr. W. Johnston,;Victoria-street. One of them, who rejoiced in the distinguishing «to of Cockney Bill, was described as tho terror of Hawthorn and its neighbourhood, and his alleged ac- complice, who pleaded guilty to the chargo on which he was arrested, had not long been released from tho clutches of the law before rolapsing again into evil courses. These two worthies, or persons bearing a sus- picious resemblance to them, were observed to be hanging about in the vicinity of Mr. Jphnston's premises all tho previous Sunday afternoon, and on the owner of the shop ro> turning he was dismayed to find soveral dpzen pairs of boots missing from his stock. His alarm, however, was not of very long du- ration, for the prisoners wore arrested on 'suspicion tho same evening, and the proporty was recovered before it had been converted into cash, Both prisoners were committed for trial. ' The second quarterly mooting of the Emo raid-hill Licensing Bench was held on Satur- day, the magistrates being Mr. Mollison, P.M., and Messrs. Nimmo and Eooto, J.P.'s. Eour publicans' licences were granted. Ono was refused, on tho ground that the place was not fit to be licensed, and two applications woro postponed for three weeks, An application for a colonial-wine licence was granted also. This afternoon a boat race will take place between the Church of England Grammar School and the Wesley College on the Upper Yarra, between Prince's and the Botanical gardens bridges, the boats starting at half- past 4. The following compose the Grammar School crew:-J. Ritchie, 9st- 5lb.; E. Vieussieux, 10st. 5lb.; J. Burton, 11st,; J. Hamilton (stroke), 10st 9lb.; A. Manifold (cox.), 6st. ; and the Wesley College crew con- sists of W. Moonie, 9st.10lb.; H. Fryer, 11st, 2lb.; E. Blackhouse, 10st. 4lb.; W. Wearne (stroke), 11st.; E. Hill (cox.), 5st. A sailing match, over a distance of 10 miles, which was to have taken place on the Albert-park Lagoon on Saturday between Mr. Edwards's Highflyer and Mr. Boseley's Secret, attracted a large number of spectators to the lagoon. The wind, however, was too light for Mr. Boseley's boat, and Mr. Edwards agreed to adjourn the match until next Saturday. The Pentridge Volunteer Rifle Association held an ordinary meeting on Saturday after- noon, at the local butts. There were a good number of competitors, the ranges being 200, 500, and 600 yards, with five rounds at each, The shooting did not come up to the average, although Corporal Mulvaney made a good score of 45 points, taking the first prize, the other winners being Lacey, Busteed, White, M'Poyle, Kiernan, Lilburne, and Fleming. The football match played ia Richmond paddock, on Saturday afternoon, between the Molbourne and Albort-park Clubs, attracted some GOO or 700 spectators. The game was vigorously contested, but the advantage was evidently with the senior club in point of strength and skill. Four goals were kicked for Melboumo-one by Lough- nan, two by Hepburn, and one by Barker, The only goal obtained for tho other sido was kicked'by Miller. Bakor captained the Albort team, and Harrison led the winning side. Tho match ployed between the High and Haw- thorn Grammar Schools resulted in a victory for the former players, who succeeded in kicking three goals to their opponents' one. Tbo goals for High School woro kicked, two by Daley and one by Lewis, and for the Grammar School ono by Deverist. A match between St. Mary's School and tho second 20 of High School, resulted in favour of St. Mary's School. Tho match between the Carlton United and Richmond Clubs, played in Richmond-park, resulted, after a very oxciting contest, in a victory for the former, who succeeded in kicking ono goal to their opponents' nil, tho goal being excellently kicked by Whitohoad. Those most deserving of praise were-for Richmond, Hyde, Tilloy, M'Cutchan, Tout, and Jerrems; and for tho Carlton United, Ellis, Fuhtbop, Oswald, Wooelf, andDarchy. A match took place between the Collingwood and Southorn Clubs, at Fawkner park, which resulted in a victory for tho Collingwood, who succeeded in getting two goals, kicked by W. Kneen and T. Kneen, to their oppononts' none. Tho play of tho Collingwood was ex- cellent, as was also that of Ogilvie for tho Southern. A special meeting of tbo Canary and Pigeon Society, called for the purposo of considering tho protest sent in against the judges for pigeons elected at the last mooting, was held at the Excelsior Hotel, Bourke-street, on Saturday evening, Ithe president, Mr. G. P, Masterman, in the chair. There wero 40 members prosont. Four new members wero elected. The secretary then read a letter from several breeders of fancy pigeons pro- testing against the judges elected at the last meeting. The president said that the best plan would bo for those gentlemen to formally resign, and their names could again be put forward with those of any others the members present might desire. This was accordingly done, and the follow- ing nominations were handed in :-Messrs, Miller, Coghlan, Burtt, Binge, Gravo, Zimes, Mitchell, Allen, and Williams. A ballot was then taken, when Messrs. Burtt, George Mitcholl, and Allon were declared duly elected. The two challenge cups, value £8 8s. each, to be presented by the society as prizes at tho forthcoming show, wero ex- hibited at tho meeting, and gave the greatest satisfaction. The following donations woro also acknowledged, and votes of thanks carried unanimously to the donors :-A chal- lenge cup, value. £6 Gs., presented by Mr. Henry Young, of Stephen- street, for tho bost Belgian canary bred in the colonies ; a_cup presented by Mr. George "Watson, Lonsdale-strcet, for the most successful exhibitor of pouters at the forthcoming show; a cup, value £4 4s,, presented by the president, Mr. Geo. P. Masterman, for tho most successful exhibitor of carriers at the forthcoming bIiow ; a donation of seed, value £6, presented by Messrs. Law, Somnor, and Co., to be awarded to the various classes of canaries and pigeons at the forthcoming 8b ow ; and two glass shades (for cups), value 15g., presented by Mr. Cornish, of Little Collins-streeteast. Theprize- listswero orderod to be printed and distributed forthwith, and it was resolvod to hold the show on the 13th, 14th, and 15th proximo. The members wero most enthusiastic at the progress the society has made. The arrival of the Tarama brings us New Zealand news to Juno 10. Dunedin intelli- gence states :-"The last escort brought down 14,U33oz. Mr, Carleton has been appointed chancellor and Mr. Tancred vice-chancellor of the New Zealand University. The resolu- tion for gradual abolition of tho gold duty has been carried by 20 to 13, In the Provincial Council Mr. Barton has given notice of a motion that the Council recommends a sessional payment of £150 to the Otago members of the General Assembly in lieu of tho present honorarium, The Council has adopted Mr, Donald Reid's motion relativo to tho construction of railways from Invercargill to the Mataura, from Tokomairiro to Tuapoka, Moeraki to Waitaki, and Mossgiel to Outram. After an animated debate it was agreed, on the motion of Mr. Holmes, that tho Invercargill and ' Mataura lino should stand first; on the list. The Rev. S, T, Nevill was consecrated Bishop of Dunedin on the 4th, at St. Paul's, in the presence of a largo congregation. He was inducted in the evening, the Bishops of Wellington and Nelson being the preachers. At the criminal sittings of tho Supremo Court Mr. Barton surrendered to his recog- nisances, and asked to bo discharged. The application was deferred, pending the dis icharge of tho grand jury. Intimation was given by Mr, Barton that ho considers the abandonment of the proceedings is to be taken as an acknowledgment of tho truth of the statements published by him. On the followingdayho was discharged, and ho subse- quently issued a writ against the Hon. Mossrs. Fox, Gisborne, Sewell, and Vogel, and Mr. Spencer Brent, Mr. Hnggitt's clerk, to recover ,£5,000 damages for malicious prosecution." Complaints aromado of tho absence of any mail arrangements by which letters can be brought direct from British North Amorica, At present they have to bo sent across tbo At- lantic to England, thence back to Now York and on to San Francisco. News from Gis- borne, Poverty Bay, dated Juno 5; reports that Ropata and 200 men were thero, and woro to start in a few days for To Runga, in searoh of To Kooti, who is thero, and is short of am- munition. Mr. Ormond has completed the purehase of 250,000 acres of the Seventy mile Bush from the natives, for £18,000. A legislative attempt is to be made during the ensuiDg session of Parliament to abolish the taking of oaths by plaintiffs, prosecutors, and witnesses in courts of law. A Nelson member is to take action in tho matter. Four convicts from Western Australia landed at Lyttelton, They wero apprehended, and were to be kept in custody until tho sailing of the vessel which brought them. Thoy described them selves as four English Fenians out on recog- nisances to roturn to Sydney. Mr. Fitzherbort, superintendent, at tho opening of the Welling- ton Council recommended local taxation for the construction of roads, and for the support of schools, He suggested borrowing £100,000 'on special security of resorvod rail wa) s and tramways ; land to be sold on deferrod pay- ment. He recommended assisted immigra- tion. A telegraphic report of'his speech states that ho ''characterised the proposed policy of the Government as one of self help, progress, and direct taxation, and appealed to the representatives of the people to help themselves as some con- dition of ' Progress." t T.ho last ' sontonco would seem to imply that Mñ, Fitzhorbor ; would wish to see members vote thomBolvos 'alargo "honorarium" as tending to the od I vancement of tho interOsts Of the province. The latest item of nativo news is givon iu a telegram the startling significance of which is best convoyed by preserving the original phraseology. It is as follows:-"Tauranga, June 7. Excitement prevails amongst the I natives engaged on the Taupo and Tauranga | road-line. Two of them wont to catch wild j pigs, one of whom is missing." "Mr. Donald Reid," says a New Zealand" | paper, " introduced an expressive colonial- ism tho other day into parliamentary slan?. The Government were asking for timo to ] PTeparo for a division-in order, of course, that their 'whip' might collect scattered forces. Mr. Reid, wishing to press on tbo debate, said, 'Surely Mr. Cargill could by that evening or the noxt afternoon 'yard' his supporters." Under tho heading of "Mount Cook Ex- ploration," tho Timaru Herald says,-"Last Sunday week a man named M. Reddoff started on an exploring expedition up the- ] glaciers of Mount Cook, and reached a part of tho mountain never before, we believo, trodden by man. Reddoff (more commonly known by tho name of 'BigMike') holds a small run under the mountain, and has his homestead about six miles from the foot of tho glaciers. He undertook his ex- pedition for the purposo of looking for somo Bheep which had been driven off | by dogs, and were supposed to havo gone on to the heights of the mountain. Ho tracked the sheep from glacier to glacier by their foot tracks in tho snow, and crossed the celobrated Tasman glacier, about threo miles from which he came to a place called by explorers ' Tho Gully,'a vast ice chasm, which few mon, if indeed any, have succeeded in crossing. The gully crossed, Miko went still onwards, his J dops being his only companions, and went boldly up ono of the spurs of Mount Cook. On the highest point possible for sheep to reach, ho found his missing lot, llinnum ber, but in returning four were lost by falling over precipices. For two nights Mike camped out upon the ice, on ono of which bo was lying as it wero under tho shadow of Mount Cook's highest peak, which ascends upwards as a high wall of solid ico, unbroken save here and thero by huge points of rock. The travel- ling in many places was so bad and risky that Reddoff had to toke off his boots, and trust j to his stockinged feet for a foothold. He re- turned home the following Thursday, but his boots, which were almost now at starting, were literally cut to pieces by the rough usage they had received on tho journey." A return shows that 4,840,000 acres of the province of Wellington, Now Zealand, out of a total area of 7,200,000 acres, are still in native hands. The Otago Daily Times prints a letter, two and a half columns long, from Ho A Moo, who claims to be "the pioneer Chinaman on the Otago goldfields," and who once filled the office of Chinese interpreter at Ballarat. Mr. Ho A Mee is now in the registrar-gene- ral's office at Hong Kong. Ile complains that he is only getting a " mero living," recapitu- lates all ho has done for the introduction of ! " Chinese cheap labour" into Otago, the groat j services ho has rendered to tho colony, which, howevor, have been but little appreciated, and thinks that the Government might be inclined to do somothing for him in his " straitened condition." In tho report on the diocese presentod to the Synod by the Bishop of Adelaide in May last, appears the following passage, to which later events have given an interest it did not possess whon the supposition it makes was a more contingency :-" One other question affecting the relation of our clergy to the state must be mentioned. For years ] strenuous efforts havo been made to legalise marriage with a deceased wife's sister. What- ever opinion the clergy or others may hold as to such marriages being allowable or not by the Word of God, it is obvious that ono law must pervade the whole British Empire Until, therefore, the law is changed in Eng- land, it is improbable that it will be changed in this colony. The marriage is null and void. No clergyman of our church, therefore, can ho a party to such marriage. The question, however, may arise, should tho i civil law bo thus changed, while the law of tho church specified in tho table of degrees in the Prayer-book continues unalterod, whether the lex loci supersedes the obligation taken by the clorgy at their ordination, and recognised in the Synodical compact? Such marriages will, it may be hoped, be few, and no clergyman can bo compelled to solemnise them. In foro conscienliai I do not think he ought. Nor would any hardship result, as a civil marriage might still bo contracted, and | hold good in law." St. Georgo's-hall was re-opened on Saturday evening by Mr. Hussoy's troupe of minstrels. The troupo are not so strong as somo that have been bofore them, and they lack the as- sistance of soveral minstrols whose names are familiarly associated with St. George's-hall, but nevertheless thoy aro' capable, as they showed on Saturday night, of being very amusing, and Mr, Hussey of himself can almost furnish a complote entertainmont. Tbo first part opened with a lively ovorturo. A good selection, of songs and choruses fol- lowed. Mr. Campbell, who played tho part of middleman, sang "Thy Loving Hearts" agreeably, A capital air, " We Ely by Night," was sung by Mr. Carroll, tho tambourine, who may improve into a clever minstrel. Mr. Hussoy's song was "Pretty Miss Ricketts," and, like Mr. Cairoll's, it was encored. " Good-byo, dar- ling," was a plaintive air, which Mr. Romor rendered with considerable effect. "Bonos" and " tambourine," tho former, of courso, being Mr. Hussey, produced the customary assortment of jokes between the songs, and created a good deal of mirth. The finalo was a nondescript sort of performance by Mr. Hussey, Mr. Carroll, and Mr, Campbell, on titled "All tbo World's a Stago," in which tho three named burlesqued tragody scenes somotimes enacted next door, The instrumentalists acquitted themselves cre- ditably. In the second part thero wero a song and dance by Mr. Hussey, a descriptive sccna by Mr. Gordon, rendered in a vigorous style, the clog dance by Messrs. Carroll and Collins, and a flute solo by Mr. W. Smith. The new thing about the clog danco was that the performers danced on pedestals, and very cloverly too. Tho piece entitled "A Party named Johnson," a' title which has evidently been sug- gested by a drama playod not long ago at ono of tho theatres, was a source of great fun. Mr. Hussey's speech to tho jury was a capital specimen of burlosquo, and quite unsurpassed in its way. The farce of "A Ghost in a Pawnshop" concluded tho entertainmont, and nothing could havo been better than tho ; manner in which the part of Toby was playod. On many occasions has this same farco boon I brought out, but on this occasion it had all the freshness of a piece produced for tho first time. I Tho postponed ceremony of laying tho corner stono of tho transept of St, Philip's Church, Collingwood, by the Bishop of Mel- bourne, will take place this afternoon at a quarter-past 8 o'clock. The clergy of the adjacent parishes are expected to be present Wo are requested to mention that tho stakes for the Croxton-park Races, which carno off on Saturday, will be paid over to- morrow evening, at 8 o'clock, at Mr. Sayor's Prince of Wales Hotel, Bourke-street, We also bear that the proprietors of Croxton park intend giving another steeplechase meeting in the middle of July. Numberof casos rolioved weekly by the com- mittee of tho Melbourno Ladiea' Bonovolont Society for the fortnight ending Juno 13 : -Individuals, 2,015; iamilies, 598 ; com- prising-Widows, 286; sickiand infirm, 112; deserted wives, 58; wives whose husbands aro ia prison, 11 ; wives whose husbands aro ab- sent, 29 ; wives whoso husbands are partially employed, 19; do. _ unemployed, 32 j ogou couples, 21 ; singlo' women, 21 ; miscella- neous, C. Outlay ' during the fortnight in relief of coses, £190 6s. Cd. Industrial Homo Inmates, 35 ; expenses during the fortnight, £14.10s,; earnings do,, £8 lös. 4d. 