BALLARAT. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) TUESDAY, JULY 18. There was a very limited business doing to-day, but prices were generally well maintained. Hand and Band and Band and Albion Consols were just a fraction lower. Winter's Freehold had another advance, and are expected to have a still further rise as soon as some more of the gold that has been so often reported to have been seen in the faces finds its way into the puddling machines. Prince of Wales, had a good business at firm rates. Freehold United had a very wide and strong demand all day, owing to telegrams received to the effect that Dunstan'S lode had been struck cho second tribute party's ground, and that the stone was good ; but holders would not sell. Fryer's Quartz were also in much request ; but few sales are' reported. Ru four were steady. The manager of the Winter's Freehold Company reports : " The drives from No. 4 rise are looking very satisfactory. Another drive was opened on Saturday, to go west from near the face of the north drive. Both the main drive and the south jump-up are on hard reef. No change in No. 3 rise. The yield of gold on Saturday was 17oz, when cleared off." At the police court to-day, James Spicer was committed for trial on a charge of having feloniously stabbed one James Mating, at Warrenheip, on Friday, the 9th inst. James Buchanan, alias Slim Jim, was again placed before the Bench, charged with having stabbed Edward Burns, at Haddon, about three weeks ago, but, as Burns was still unable to appear, the prisoner was further remanded. Richard Ninnes, engineer at the Rosehill mine, was committed for trial on a charge of manslaughter, having caused the death of a Chinese named Ah Wee, by alleged unskilfulness in his calling. The new Minister of Lands is not likely to escape trouble in his determination to unreservedly throw open the zebra stripes."' Already the Rokewood miners are up in arms against the pegging out of land in their district which there is every reason to believe is auriferous, and which they say will, if taken up under the Land Act, deprive many of them of the means of living as miners. From Ross's Creek, also come complaints of the pegging out of land on ground reserved for timber and water purposes to the miners of that locality, and at the meeting of the Ballarat Mining Board, held yesterday, the members were petitioned to support the claims of the miners to these lands. The conduct of the local land boards was very severely animadverted upon by the Mining Board; and Mr. Nettle deliberately accused Mr. Gaunt, the police magistrate, with, as chairman of these local boards, entirely ignoring the rights of miners, and said he had seen the memorials from miners to the land boards pitched, without any consideration, into the waste paper baskets in the office. A memorial on this subject to the Government was adopted. It was also decided to memorialise the Government to request it to order the attendance at every local land board or special land board meeting of the mining surveyor of each division, so as to protect the interests of the mines). A meeting of gentlemen favourable to celebrating the centenary of Sir Walter Scott's birth was held last night, but the weather, which was stormy in the extreme, prevented a large attendance. It was finally decided that the centenary be celebrated by a soiree and literary and musical entertainment, and a secretary and chairman of committee were appointed. Of what advantage such a celebration as that proposed will be to shed any additional lustre on the name of Scott remains to be seen. It is like a tinker trying to mend or clean up some golden vessel, on which his want of skill will be made painfully manifest. If each town in the colony is to hold its own soiree, ball, tea party, or hop, in honour of the great Scots- man's birth, they may reasonably expect a quiet reprimand from his ghost some day for such a mark of disrespect to brilliant genius The Sebastopol Borough Council has been put in rather an awkward fix by-if the mayor of the borough be correct-the decision of the Supreme Court. The St.GeorgeandBand Company, like all other mining companies,, has both friends and enemies, and, to secure what it assumes to be its rights, it has applied to the Borough Council in question for permission to mine under such public streets of the borough as are within its boundaries, and the council decided on the first application not to interfere in the matter, but to throw all the responsibility for damage done on the St. George and Band Company. An application for a mandamus to the Supreme Court appears to have been next made by the St. George Company, to compel the council to grant them the rights asked, and in consequence of that a public meeting of the ratepayers was held last night, for the purpose of obtaining an expression of opinion from the ratepayers on the course the council should pursue under the circumstances. The meeting was rather thinly attended, and was composed of both classes of people those who were favourable to the application of the St. George Company being granted, and those who preferred to see the tenements of the ratepayers and the streets of the borough preserved from future destruction. The mayor presided, and in introducing the subject he said that though the council had decided to disregard the application of the St. George Company in the first instance, and to leave it to its own resources, the Supreme Court had decided; that the council was bound, under the 16 to section of the Mining Statute, either to grant or refuse the application, and if the latter, they were bound to assign their reasons for such refusal. In this either the mayor or the Court seems to have erred, as the section referred to does not contain a word about " assigning reasons" one way or the other ; the councilor other body is simply authorised to decide if the permission to mine can be granted without causing injury to adjoining property or obstruction to public roads, and if they decide in the affirmative, they are to issue such permission, subject to certain restrictions, and if in the negative, they are to forbid the mining applied for. A resolution agreeing with the first action of the council, and pointing out that if that was departed from, and a right to mine under the streets of the borough granted, the council would be involved eventually in ruinous litigation, was proposed and seconded, and received some support from those who had property in the borough that would be subject to destruction ; but an amendment to the effect-" That, as in the opinion of the meeting mining could be carried on without injury to the streets or to property, and that any funds now spent in litigation with the company to prevent their mining under the streets within their block claim would be a waste of the money of the ratepayers, the council should grant the permission asked, was proposed and seconded. A rider to this amendment was then proposed to this effect "That this meeting approves of the council granting permission to all companies to mine under the streets of the borough within their respective boundaries, which was seconded, and, with the amendment, carried, the resolution being negatived. It was said that several of the property holders in the borough intend to protest against the council adopting the views of the meeting last night. The weather has been excessively cold to-day, and the Buninyongmountand several hills around were covered with snow this morning. UKsroKEN SPEECH OF PROFESSOR BLACKIE. Professor Blackie, at a recent banquet in Edinburgh, explained the origin of a celebrated speech he was supposed to have delivered. He said that he had made it a rule never to prepare a speech beforehand. He only once sinned against this rule. It was on the occasion of the Burns centenary. They came to me and said, " Blackie, you are to make a speech." I looked at the programme, and BOW I was down at the bottom, as I am here. I said, "You put-' my name down at the bottom of that list. I know they will not listen to my speech ; I went write it." "You must write," I was told; "it is a grand occasion, and you must make a grand speech ; you must build it up architecturally, like Cicero, Demosthenes, and the orators of old." (Laughter.) Like a good-natured fellow as I was (renewed laughter) nothing leads a man into so many scrapes as good natured wrote out a long speech. People got tired at the dinner, and the most eloquent men, were not listened to. When it came to my turn I was a "gone' coon," and had no chance. I merely said, "I propose so-and-so; good bye." I sent to the reporters, and said, " Gentlemen, you will not report that speech I sent you two days ago ; you must not report it." They said nothing. A learned official said to me afterwards, "The speech is through the whole town ; it is in all the papers. It must not be taken out, though not one syllable of it was spoken." Thus it came out, not only a whole column of the newspaper, but sprinkled with " Hear, hears," " Cheers," hurrah, hurrahs,"-(loud slaughteryard all that sort of thing. That was as great a lie as ever was printed-(laughter)-and you will find it there making me immortal to the end of the world, wherever the name of Burns- - is known. 