\- DIOCESAN SYNOD. The annual session of the Synod was opened «„ Tuesday morning, May 16, at St. Paul's < liurcb, by the Lord • Bishop. Service .commenced at 11 o'clock, His Lordship being assisted by Archdeacon Marryat, the Very Rev. jjean Russell, and Canon Dove. The proceeds ef (be offertory will be devoted to the Widow Md Orphan Fund. The Holy Communion having been administered, the Lord Bishop of Adelaide delivered the following Pastoral Address :— <• Reverend and Lay Brethren— • The Prophet Daniel has recorded of himself tliat when the visions of the great empires of {be world passed before his mind he was < troubled and astonished, but kept the matter in bis heart.' Wc, too, have seen during the rapt year the fall of one empire and the rise of another. We have witnessed the passing away ,f the temporal sovereignty of the Pope. The States of the Church have been absorbed in a United Italy, and Borne has once more become tlie capital of a free and great people. With tbe political consequences of these events we in this place, and on this occasion, have no concern; but their effect on the general interests of the kingdom of Christ may well occupy our attention. The loss by the Papacy of its dominions must needs affect the mind of millions or Christian subjects of the 'Roman obedience.' Such a catastrophe after a possession of 1,114 »car.*, touching nearly the feelings of one-half ot Christendom, must also interest all who believe in the Corporate unity of the visible Church of Christ. Nor are the ways of Providence in this dispensation to be overlooked. As the sword of one Frankish mouarch in the 8th century transferred the States of the Church from the King of the Lombards to the See of Rome, so the King of Lambardy has reannexod them on the downfal of a French Emperor to the Crown of Italy. "Again, on the very day on which in St. Peter's certain Bishops claimed for the See of Kome spiritual dominion in matters of faith and morals over the mind of the whole world, Hill broke out between Germany and France. The foreign soldiery by which the Papal Go- Teiumcnt was supported were withdrawn, aud Home foil to the Kingdom of Italy by the votes «f its own citizens. It will be remarked also tlint not only France, but Spain and Austria, which as portions of the Latin Empire upheld fur centuries the Papal Sovereignty, have fallen into the lowest state of political feebleness; while the sturdy vigour of tho Lutherau Teuton ins won for Germany pre-eminence in Europe. Infallibility may remain paramount in the Vatican; but an open Bible aud a free Church ; domiciled in Italy ! "And are we to be told that there is no liupe for the faith or morals of Christendom because we refuse to accept as infallible the authoritative decisions of the lionian Pontiff ? llather let us listen to the witness borne by the distinguished Father Hvaciuthe to the fatal iuflueuce of that regimen. Tile fall of France he has traced to the ' oppresive .ind corrupted forms in which Christianity jas been clothed' by it. This is the cause, he continues, ' why she is forced to remain without religion, and consequently without, a constraining morality, between Ultramontanism and Infidelity.' The remedy he points out is 'the Sacred Volume open to the world to enlighten and fertilize it.' 'Why,'he asks, '-is it shut up in -the obscurity of the dead languages, and under the seal of the most severe prohibitions? The bread of doctrine and of life, which God has prepared for the "little ones" as for the learned, how has it beeu withdrawn from them? It is in vain to urge as a pretext the abuses of heresy and unbelief. Place the Bible in its true relation to Science by an intelligent oxegesis, aud neither will have any cause to fear the other. "Place it in itsowu true relation to the people by a rcliyions alucation mirth y of it and. of them, and it will become the surest guide of tho life of the people, the healthiest inspiration of their worship.' These nrc noble words, and point out the gain to Italy and to the world by the fall of tbe temporal Papacy; for what believer in God's inspired Word "can doubt of the eventual triumph of religion over infidelity; of morality over sensualism.' •'Nor is tho prospect of rettnion among the scattered branches of the Universal Church and intercommunion within their common pale darkened by the removal of the Pope's secular power. The language above-cited of the enlightened menk, Protestant os it is, in behalf of the free study of Scripture, ecclesiastical reform, and ' liberty of prophesying,' still is consistent with the warm feelings aud sympathies of the Catholic churchman. He is not one who would 'rend the seamless coat' of the Redeemer, ough lie refuses to base the Church's unity on he assumed infallibility of the Roman Pontiff, gainst that dogma he has entered his unalterable protest. His is a different standpoint. There may be Catholic agreement instead of a mity of absolute subjection. " A similar view has been presented to us >y a thoughtful Essayist (Dr. Irons) in a ate work entitled ' The Church aud the gc.' Speaking of the Visible Church f Christ in time future, he writes on his wise:—' The spiritual polity, begun y the Holy Ghost eighteen centuries o, increasing from age to age by means of iviue gifts, aud by the change of the human bai?icter through the conscience of the iudi- 'dual—that " moral society" aiming to spread tself in all nations, and to extend a voluntary oveniment of its own for the unity of its creed, nd of its members, mast, in order to do its ork in the world " by raising the moral andard of mankind," recognise itsowu reality id unity as "an organic whole;" freed on the lie band from Sacerdotal tyranny, and on the itlier unfettered by Erastian Government, intinct, indeed, from the Governments of this orld, it will nevertheless facilitate their work, y acting in its Corporate capacity on individual onsciences. 'The powers that be' of human ociety operate on tho external life ot man; the hurcn penetrates tho inuer sanctuary of the oul, and by bringing men under law to Christ lakostliem subject to huiium hncs for conscience -ke.' "Primitive Church.—The Primitive Church, i>e Apostolic and Catholic, thus ameliorated alter than revolutionized the pagan world, and ught men in tho 1 brotherhood of Christ' to ove each other. The primitive Christians had lie Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and athcr of all. They formed one body, as there as in them one Spirit. They had one hope of lieir calling, and with one mind and one mouth hey glorified God wherever they assembled lemselvos together. Tho assumption of npreumcy by tbe See of Homo destroyed this uity. The dogma of infallibility tends not to store, but to render it impossible. "Divested, however, of secular power, the apacy can 110 longer repress enquiry, nor nforce the separation of its subjects from the tlier braucliesof the Orthodox Church. Henceortb the respective positions of tho Papist and he Catholic Churchman will be clearly defined. Iiey will stand out as distinctly as doos tho rotestant now, who evolves from Scripture on is own private judgment his faith and worship, wniug no allegiance, to the ruind or usages, the •ceds or liturgies, of Catholic antiquity for the ltcrprctation of the written Word of God; nor lying on the external witness of the primitive lmrch in its corporate existence to the genuineess aud inspiration of the Scriptures themlves. Papism, Churchmanship, Individualism e the several forms into which religious belief <1 practicc will now crystallize. Which of ese will bo most influential in restoring unity Christendom may be easily conceived. Yet liferent and even opposed as they are to visible ity, Christianity, nevertheless, in its Mr ions rms witnesses for righteousness and peace <1 spiritual truth. It plead* the interests man's immortal soul against the sensualism a positive philosophy. If unable to wont war it mitigates and soothes " horrors. It has banished iu England the acticeof duelling in privato society, and it lifts i its voice against the conflict of nations. It has olisliod man-stealing and slavery. It recogses tlia brotherhood of mankind by sending its ceful missions to the heathen aud the savage. > then, Sectarianism, with its narrow interests d petty jealousies, could be merged in the der sympathies, not of a fleeting Alliance, but .permanent unity of a world-wide Church, Ptwal in doctrine and apostolic in order, naepd would be tho power pf' the kingdom not of this world.' Tbe separation of the temporal from the spiritual authority in Kome will have done something towards the accomplishment of such an ideal. "Church of England and its relations to other bodies of Christians. —But, itmay be asked, what signs does the world at present show of any such confederation of independent national Churches' In reply, I may say that during the last century our own communion has been gradually developing this system, in the United States, in Canada, in the West Indies, in Africa, in New Zealand, in Australia, in Scotland, and last of all, in Ireland. Churches independent on the State, having the same standards of doctrine, the same Liturgy in substance and almost m form, the same principles o! ecclesiastical order, discipline, and law, are in full communion with each other in the bonds of the Gospel. They are all voluntary associations, self-governed and self- sustained. Of late also the ancient friendly relations between tho orthodox Greek Church and the Church of England have been renewed and strengthened. If Cyril Lucar, Patriarch of Constantinople, sent in lt>28 the Alexandrine manuscript of the Bible to our Charles I., such friendly intercourse has been re-established by the interchange of Pastoral Letters between the present Patriarch and the Archbishop of Canterbury;—-still more by the welcome, social and ecclesiastical, given to the Greek Archbishop of Syros and Tenos by the Heads of the Church oil his late visit to England. "Cliurch of Ireland.—Since tho beginning ofthe present year the Church of Ireland has entered upon thisfree career, andnotwithstanding the baneful influence in times past of political corruption, ehe has shown herself capable of freedom and self - government. _ A more missionary spirit in defence, aud inculcation of her reformed orthodox faith, will, it is expected, follow oil such freedom from the trammels of Establishment. From these examples we see how possible it is for free and independent National Churches to be one in the Catholic faith and Apostolic order, as well as in full communion with each other, ministering at each other's altars, and as one brotherhood doinp the work of the ministry. It needs not the authority of a Supreme Pontiff deeming himself infallible to secure such unity, much less the coercive Imperialism of Erastian government. " Historic Basis of the Church.—Ill the historic basis of the Church of Christ, ' the faith once delivered to the saints,' 'the form of sound words,' the threefold Apostolic Ministry transmitting to future generations the genuine writings of Apostles and evangelists; in the specific trade marks, so to speak, of Catholic doctrine — 'antiquity,' 'universality,' and 'consent' ('tjUO'l swiper f/uotl nbi'/ite '/Rod ab omnibus'), we have a suflicient guide in searching the Scriptures for all that is necessary for salvation. Interpreted according to this rule they are tho voice of God speaking to the individual conscience ; aud against the Church so built up 011 the true Rock, which is Christ, the gates of hell shall not prevail. "The Catholic Church.—One great confederacy, confessing one Lord, having one faith, one baptism, one eucliarist, one ministry, one Spirit governing and sanctifying the whole body of Clirist, the Churches of different countries and languages may freely do their work of extending the Kingdom of Christ, aud aiding each other by interdependence and sympathy under the Chief Shepherd. Uniformity of custom or worship is not required; unity,of faith and order, of mind and spirit, is indispensable. " Beurflon of Protestants.—Here the question arises, should not such union first be sought among those Protestant bodies which, orthodox in faith, have separated from the national Establishment on various questions;such,forexample, as ' connection with the State,' 'the triple order of tlie ministry,' ' Episcopacy itself,' ' the Sacraments and Sacramental grace,' 'Paidobaptism,' 1 Liturgical forms,' and other matters. To those who hold these institutions or arrangements to be of purely human authority it may seem almost a duty for the sake of peace and unity to ignore or compromise their existence. But such is not the mind or teaching of the Church of England in her formularies and services. "The Visible Church.—Tho oisihle Church, with its appointed ministry, .sacraments, form of sound words, aud inspired Scriptures, arc of divine appointment. The Apostles, actiug under plenary inspiration of the Holy Ghost, fulfilled in these institutions the instructions received from our Lord himself. ' He was seen of them forty days, and speaking of tho tilings pertaining to the kingdom of God.'—Acts i. 3. In faithfulness, then, to our Divine Master, we dare not tamper with or ignore such Apostolic ordinances. While we hold this faith we must act consistently with it, aud bear with patience all taunts of arrogance and intolerance, provided we are conscious to ourselves that >ve are acting not out of contention, but in faith and dutifulness to Christ. Not in a self-seeking spirit, then, but iu the interest of evangelical truth, the clergy of the Church of England feel themselves as a body constrained to stand on the historic, basis of the Church of the Apostolic age. To abaudon it would only weaken the evidence for the Canon of Scripture, uijon which religion aud morals depend. " Binney Correspondence.—In 18581 discussed this question with the Kev. T. Binney (I trust iu a friendly spirit), and pointed out certain conditions 011 which alone 1 conceived the Church of England could give the right hand of fellowship to orthodox Protestant Ministers, aiid admit them to minister her services and occupy In* pulpits. I see 110 reason to depart from the convictions then expressed; but, 011 the other hand, much remains to be done before the)/ oan be expected to desire such communion, eleven take ir.to consideration its feasibility. Leaving this contingency to the ' future,' I hail with pleasure the removal of any blemish in the Church of England itself which is calculated to perpetuate alienation, and to keep able and pious men from the ministry of our Church. ' Establishment' is 110 necessity for a Church's being or well-being. It has ceased iu Ireland, iu Canada, in Africa, and in Australasia. "Anglican Church iu Australia Free.—Tbe Church of England in this colony is free to regulate its ecclesiastical coucerus by its own Synod. It is a voluntary Church. Tho lay members enjoy their proper influence in the Patronage, management of fuuds, and affairs of their own congregations. Parochial vestries are itide/tendau of each other. Very many of the objections urged by the Puritans at the Savoy Conference, April 15, 1661, have beeu gradually removed. The. declaration of Subscription lias been altered, the repetitious in the Service, nnfrequeney of Communions, use of Apocrypha, the selection of Lessons, have beeu amended. The Authorized versiou of the Scriptures is in course of rerision. These changes, together with the decisions of the Privy Council 011 several points, as well as the recommendations of the llitual Commission, will go a long way in removing things which heretofore have given offence. When nothing shall be left but what is agreeable to tho Word of God or the practice of the Primitive Church, 'all will have been done that can bo done towards satisfying reasonable scruples.' "The Episcopate,—Nor will the Episcopate, sketched out in the Cauons of 1603-4, aided, as it is, by the Presbytery, both in tho exorcise of discipline and tbe examination aud ordination of candidates for Holy Orders, offer much ground of exception even to those who were the bitter enemies of a Laud or a Sharpe. " Happy, then, iu bor scriptural creed, primitive liturgy, apostolic order, and comely ritual, tlie Cliurch of England is so situated as to offer a basis of union available for many Churches now drifting from their ancient moorings. She may open wide the arms of comprehensive sympathy while standing steadfastly upon the ' old ways.' Far from repudiating all fellowship with orthodox Protestant ministers, she has gladly welcomed of late several of distinction to her Orders. She liai? further invited the co-operation of others, being learned men, in the sacred work of revising her authorised version of the Scriptures. The seeds of future reunion are thus being plentifully sown. In the interim we must be content to hold each other in sincere respect and Chrstian regard, each being fully persuaded 111 his own mind, and waiting until the area of controversy is reduced to a vanishing point. " Privy Council.—I have alluded _ above to the subject of Ritual and to the decisions of the Judicial Committee of the_ Privy Council upon various matters of doctrine and usage. Some of them arc too recent, and at this moment are the subject of so much angry dispute, that I forbear to enter os them, until time has boon given for a fair consideration of the conclusions arrived at. A few general remarks on. the nature and mode of.proceeding of this Tribunal may DOt be out of place. The Church of England undoubtedly upholds the supremacy of the Crown 'over all persons in all cataes.' As the guardian of property held -in trust for National worship established on a certain system of doctrine, the Crown is bound to see that those trusts are duly carried out. Hence ecclesiastical questions most needs come before this Supreme Court of Appeal. Under the Mosaic revelation, tie Lawgiver, the Judge, and the King exercised jurisdiction over the High Priest aiid his brethren. In vindication of his civil right freely to preach a new religion, St. Paul was not ashamed to appeal' unto Caesar. Nor has any clergyman of our Church any ground of complaint, if 'the powers that be' examine whether he fulfils or contravenes the trusts which he voluntarily undertook at Ordination. The Judicial Committee does notpreBume to male the law or doctrine of the Church. On tbe ordinary principles of legal construction it defines the meaning of rubrics or formularies. Judicial construction is then only open to Legislative bias when that meaning is doubtful and obscure. In such cases the writings of loading Divines of the Church itself in times uast have been appealed to, and guided the decision— generally in favour of liberty and toleration. " Caie of Hebbert v. Purchos.—It is to be regretted, perhaps, that in the late judgment in the case of Sir. Purehas the decision has restricted and narrowed, rather than tolerated or widened, the liberty of the minister as to the position in which he officiates. The view of the rubric taken by myself, in my judgment regarding the ministrations of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, has been entirely upheld; but I attach little importance to such matters. I agree with Dr. Goulburn, Dean of Norwich, that place, position, or vestment of minister cannot really affect eucharistic doctrine. Compliance, then, with the law as defined is a Christian duty. In the present instance it involves no sacrifice of truth. The Rubric before it was judicially interpreted was manifestly doubtful aiul obscure, and therefore taught nothing "Objections to the Judicial Committee,— Objection is sometimes vehemently made to the remarks or reasonings introductory of the judgment recommended to Her Majesty. It should be remembered that such remarks or expressions form no part of it. They may be offensive, but bind no one to accept them. They form no portion of the law of the Church. " There is, however, a doctrinal view of the Eucharist underlying these minute points of Ritualism which even the Archdeacon of Taunton himself lias condemned as 'being an undue approximation to Rome.' It is the locdt and material presence of the glorified Redeemer in the consecrated elements. Transubstantiation aud Consubstantiation are both eliminated from the Eucharistic doctrine of our Church. Yet •spiritualty to 'feed on Him by faith with thanksgiving,' aud that by means of the consecrated bread aud wine, which are ' effectuous' to the faithful recipient, so that 'he dwells in Christ and Christ in him;' 'he is one with Christ and Christ with him;' this is plainly taught in the Communion Office. Here is a presence spiritual and heavenly, not local and material, but of omnipresent Deity. Nothing external can alter this truth to those who receive it, neither the place where the officiating master stands or kneels, nor the position in which ho celebrates, nor the vestment he wears. " General Results.—It may be well, thou, bere to summarize the judicial results of that Ritual agitation which has gone on during the last few years, and the changes, both in the external and internal condition of the Church of England which have taken place. Many of us are scarcely aware of the alterations, ana few of other bodies of Christians eare to be apprised of them. The Colonial branches, then, of that Church are formally declared to be ;i7iestablislied. Tlie Irish Church has been disestablished. Tithes have been long since commuted for a money payment. Church rates have ceased as regards Nonconformists. With regard to the Liturgy, its various services may be used separately. Objee.tious to length of them and repetition in them are thus obviated. A new and improved table of Lessons has been prepared. A revision of the Authorized Version is set 011 foot: Eucharistic ritualism, in some particulars alluded to above, has been declared illegal. The damnatory clauses of the so-called Creed of Athanasius have been advisedly restricted to denial of the Catholic or Christian faith. Additional Offices for several occasions have been proposed, a better Hymnology introduced, parents are admitted as sponsors, large parishes have been divided, insufficient endowments augmented, stipends of curates supplemented, Theological colleges established, stricter examination of Candidates for holy orders required, parochial schools multiplied, and the pupils instructed in definite religions truth, as well as secular learning. " So many reforms gradually and almost silently brought about are not less important in themselves than hopeful for the future. The scruples of many good men have thus been relieved. It has become evident that any alleged defect in the organization of the Church, its laws, its worship, its doctrine will meet with dispassionate enquiry, and lead to the removal of whatever can be proved to be contrary to Scripture or primitivo usage. What else need be taken away ? " For the sake of the truth of the Gospel, for the possibility of ultimate intercommunion of the Churches now separated from each other, our Church nevertheless must uot abandon her historic foundation as a scion of the Catholic aud Apostolic Church. To restore it to that primitive character was the object of our Reformers; and uow she is a beacon light to many minds in Spain and Italy, which, unable to rest on Papal infallibility, are longing for Evangelic truth and a Reformed worship, without ceasing to be members of the Catholic and Apostolic Church. A Church, then, like our own, resting its claim to authority in matters of faith on Scripture, interpreted, not merely according to individual opinion, but the consentient testimony of universal antiquity, may in God's providence meet and satisfy such a want. " It is easy as it is flippant to discard the witness of the primitive Church both to doctrine and usage. It is a ready weapon of controversy to claim for individual judgment the absolute right of interpreting Scripture as it thinks best. But lot it bo remembered that the strongest external evidence for the genuineness of the Scriptures is weakened in proportion as the corporate existence of the Primitive aiid Apostolic Churcli is made light of. "Even the sand of the sea shore, drifting and unstable as arc its incoliesive particles, becomes a solid foundation when bound together bv enclosing walls." 