UNITY AND UNION. It is the boast of Romanists that their Church is one, and that the only religious unity in the world is there. If they take a Scripture text for this they falsely ex pound and apply it ; if they take no such +.liqxr + , vaawjr . vcain. 3ta.vlt/lau catll a a u the same time, it must be confessed, that few persons who do not belong to that Church duly ponder the subject, or seem to feel it irajierative on them to give the matter consideration enough rightly to understand it. It is very evident that unity must be the central point of any union which is genuine. 'Take any temporal instance whatever. Let it be' a commercial com pany, or, more specifically, a joint stock Bank. There is what seems to be a union of all the constituent members, called shai'eholders. Is this union real or fic titious! It is real just so long as the central point or unity of the object of the association is in"violably maintained , and that, too, notwithstanding the many differ ent opinions held by the shareholdei-s con cerning circumstances of management or gain and loss. The central point then is, that, under given laws, the company shall trade with the furnished capital for the equitable benefit, and at the equitable risk, of all the shareholder. So long as this central point is faithfully observed, the union is real, not fictitious. Suppose the director to work for themselves rather than equitably for the shareholders, the unity is lost, and with it the reality of the union. The Bank no longer exists, but in a false name. The same laws must belong to Christian Churches. And here observe that the re- mark IS general, and that no pariicular denomination is in our thought more than another. Let us suppose it to be some Protestant, that is, some truly evangelical Church. The central point of unity here, is the reception, and honest belief and maintenance, of the great truths involved in the Gospel proclamation of salvation by Jesus Christ the Redeemer. If this central point of unity be adhered to in the whole government of the Church, so that all the members .shall equably come under the attmction, the Church is a real, not a fictitious union. If this central point- be not firmly adhered to, or be abandoned, there is no bond of either belief or fellow- ahip, and the union, that is, the Church, is fictitious. The Ritualists on the one hand, and the rationalists on the other, have done, and are doing, their utmost to destroy, first the unity of the evangelical doctrine of the Church of England, and then tho genuine ness of the union of the whole body. The administration, that is the clergy, who thus diverge from the centre, are like faithless Bank directors, who dishonestly appropriate, to unconstitutional ends the capital supplied by the shareholders. This evil has from time to time infested all. Protestant Churches more or less. So- ciuian doctrines corrupted the Protestant Churches of Geneva, Switzerland, and France, in different degrees. Rationalism soon ate out the very heart of evangelical unity in the Lutheran Church of Ger many. Ritualism has been the canker of the Oriental Churches. The Church of Scotland in the last century was fearfully injured by indifference.' In England the old Presbyterian Churches became Socinian. In fact hardly any Church has entirely escaped this evil spirit of disintegration. Thus Protestantism itself has ceased to be the unity it once was, and union has been broken up into almost inappreciable frag ments, which it is exceedingly hard to bring back to redintegration. But here the fault is not at all in the acceptance of the original centre of unity, the evangeli cal doctrine, but in the manifold ways in which that doctrine has been abandoned. We have spoken of churches as visible a.ssociations, analogous to visible associa tions, say, of a commercial character ; evi dently the laws of unity and union ili the two classes are the very same, and must be held inviolably essential. But we rise higher than all this. The evangelical truth, the holding of which is the only genuine centre of unity, and consequently, of union, in all Protestantism, represents God — God as the Father, Christ as the sole Mediator, the Holy Ghost as the sole Sanctifier ; and all these under the great Constitution of the Mediatorial Economy introduced by the fall. God, thus repre sented, is the absolute and sole centre of unity for the whole church of true be lievers of every place and every age. The sole Mediatorial centre of unity is Christ, the .Mediator, the Head of the Church, the eyer-blessed Son of God, himself at once divine and human, officially constituted to redeem, to new create, and to govern the church, and to whom is committed the dispensation of the Holy Ghost, and the administration of all affairs in heaven and earth. Now it is evident that all visible churches which hold this great centre are, or con tain, essential parts of that one church which stands before God by an eternal law of union to Him- , while all who pervert their holding of it, or abandon it, diverge into everlasting and irretrievable dis union. How then is it with the Church of Rome ! She accuses Protestants of viola ting unity, and of thus separating them selves to their reprobation and perdition. So long as they are guilty according to the laws pointed out above, they richly deserve the reproach. But this is not the crime which she lays to their charge. She denounces them, not because they depart from that true centre of unity to be found in the Mediation of Christ, but because they have separated themselves from lier unity, and disturbed a union which she indeed aimed to spread over the world, but which is the most pretentious and shameful fiction ever promulgated for truth. Christ the Mediator is not the centre of Romanism. The compartments of that church do not own Christ as their sole centre. At best they divide the centre, making two instead of one. Clearly, a divided centre is not a centre of unity ; that is, it is no centre at all. Every one knows that one circle cannot have two centres, not even one as subordinate to the other. Two centres inevitably produce lwo circles, unnst muse oe tne sole centre of his church, or the church ceases to be his. If the Pope be a centre at all, he cannot be a second, or a subordinate centre, he must be the sole centre. Grant the unity and the union of the Church of Rome to be ever so -real and inviolable, it is still the church of the Pope, not the church of Christ; the unity and union of Popedom, not that of Christianity. It can be neither Christ and the Pope, nor the Pope and Christ ; it must be the ene or the other, distinct, and sepai-ate, for ever. But what, after all, is the real condition of the Church of Rome in regard to this great matter of unity and union ! Can it without shame reproach the true Protest antism of the Gospel ! What shall be said abouttheactualconditionof Popedom? How is Germany, how is Italy, how is Austria, how is Spain, treating the dogma of Infal libility, devised and seized to give the church a unity in the Pope it never se curely enjoyed before ! What under these forms of aggressive resistance, is the unity of the Pope as a centre ? And if the centre be thus shaken, what becomes of the union of the compartments dependent upon it? Truly every one who can reason,, even in the smallest degree, must see that the resistance of such men as Dr. Bollinger and Father Hyacinthe, with the masses of their followers, has put to flight for ever tho whole figment of Romish unity. 