GHOST STORIES. THE "WARNING VOICE. Captain B., of tbe—tli regiment of the line, married a near connexion of the Barrator. After the ceremony, the pair left London for a small seaport town, in which they had resolved to pass the honeymoon. The beautiful scenery of the neighborhood tempted them to longer and longer daily rambles, and, one night, much fatigued, they had retired some- .what earlier than common, when Mrs. B. was suddenly aroused from an incipient doze by a confused light in the room, which presently became intensified to an almost painful degree. No unusual object was visible; but a voice proceeding from the foot of the bed, uttered, in low but perfectly distinct accents, these iwords— " In three years you will be a widow." Much alarmed, Mrs, B. renewed the efforts she had already made to awaken Captain B., but in vain. As the light died gradually away, her courage returned, .and she felt inclined to rejoice that he had been spared hearing this strange prediction. Eesolring to conceal it from him, she nevertheless wrote, the pext day, to her mother, Lady , and related all the particulars. Time passed, and the spring of tbe third year found the B's. at Halifax, preparing to embark for England, the passage-money, sixty pounds, having been already paid. On the night before their intended departure, Mrs. B. had a dream, 11 which she thought that she was pacing, with her husband, across a vast plain. He hurried her forward so fast and so incessantly, that she became alarmed. Height was approaching. Suddenly she withdrew her arm from her husband, when the latter, darting wildly forward, was lost to sight in a sort of rushy swamp : that lay in the centre of the plain—the pushes waving and bending over the spot i which he had seemed to disappear. 11 Awakened by the shock of what had happened, she was conscious of the mysterious h'ghijin the room, and recognised the voice she had formerly heard, as it announced: " Tbe third year has come." In the morning she told her husband that she had had a very unpleasaut dream, which had left upon her mind a strong presentiment that some evil would attend their proposed voyage, and earnestly entreated him to transfer the passage to a. much larger and better ship, which would sail in a month's time. The money having, however, been paid, this arrangement was found impracticable, and they sailed as originally iutended. Nothing important happened until the voyage was nearly completed, when one morning Captain B., hitherto in perfect health, was stricken with paralysis. There was no medical man on board, and the sufferer, on reaching England, was conveyed on shore in an almost hopeless condition. Contrary to expectation, he rallied considerably, and Mrs. B. was beginning to feel more at ease respecting him, when one day, after dining with appetite and conversing with unusual animation, he remarked that he felt a little tired, and would lie downon the sofa. He did so and slept. And his wife sat watching his tranquil features, the remembrance flashed into her mind that this was the actual anniversary' of their marriage. She stooped over to kiss him in affectionate commemoration, but started back in terror. A change had come into the sleeper's face. He was dead.—All tbe Tear Mound. 