ORIGINAL POETRY. ? ««» A FAREWELL— O.T.N. to A.E.S. Fare thee well, and if forever, Still for eyer^fare thee welL— Byron. Farewell, and perhapn a long farewell, To thee, dear A.E.S. ; The pleasure you have given me I'm sure you scarce could guess. My hair retains its silvery hue— ^ My brow's still furrowed o'er, And I have not regained one day Now gone for evermore. But si ill this little jeu d'etprit I have enjoyed right well; And sorry am I now that I Must bid you a farewell. Your chymes indeed, dear A.E.8., Are real Jy very pretty ; And that you made' tbat great mistake I tLiuk aught but a pity. For had you not that error made, * I tell you but tbe truth, I bad not now resumed again A pleasure of my youth.' I do not doubt bnt in your time . You'll bother many men ; . But certainly you will yofc rite Yours truly, O.T.N. Prevention of Kust:— Dr Grace Cal vert 'stiftot-1 tbat iron immersed for a few minutes in a solution of carbonate of potash or soda will not rust for years, though exposed continually in a damp atmos phere. It was believed long ago by soap and alkali merchants that the caustic alkalies (soda and potash) protected iron and steel from rust, but that the components of these salts preserved tbe same property as they do in a caustic state now. It doeB not seem to matter whether the solution is made with fi esh or sea water. '~ How They ake Made Up.— The following cata logue of tbe falsities of a fashionable belle on the promenade appears in Mr. Editor Croratt'a capital ' Table Talk ' of the Chicago Evening Post :— Anon the changes of tbe walk reveal The patent instep and the patent heel ; The patent pauier rounds the form divine, Its patent aich supports a patent spine, Lends matchless symmetry and stylish gait, And bears the label, ' Patent— '68.' Behold the plaintive glance of languid eyes ; The pencilled lashes flutter as she sighs And lifts her crayon eyebrows in surprise. She shakes her bead— four pecks of vagrant hair Fly like a bop yard in tbe August air; Ann twenty grim ghosts whisper ber aside, *' Dear sylph !' we wore tbat wjg before we died.' To whom respondeth unabashed the beauty, . ' Get our, you spooks ! I guej» I know niy jnty 1' The garish gas her patent chsrms revealing, _ Her bosom heaves -with cotton batting feeliDjr^ . Her false teeth gnash with gutta-percha ire » ' - Her false eyes flash with fabricated fire; She. drops her patent chignon iu acbair^ Then jumps to pick it op— But I forbear. ^-» *-\\. e~\ 