MISS PONSONBY'S COMPANION. . ffflWH AHi THE TEAR- E0tnn-;l i .'''?''.' '''' ... ?,??;?' .{Continued from our latt.jj: - 7 ,:V^'.. '?'?-? ' CHAPITER III.' THB 18 VISIBLE THIEF., j l\ -' '' It .is. not a pleasant thing, it may;be;conqed?d,'. to lose a ten-pound note ; but still there are 'various waysof behavmg under such' a caramity. t If you; cannot, after such a deprivation , 'eypfee a sardonic smile, at leasb assume a1 decorous dignity. A miserable joke' or an apposite proverb will carry off the thingmnch better tlian a hang-dog silence, which at once marks you.as an immediate object for the most, humiliating pity at the hand of a man's worst arid most- aggressive enemies — hiB aecondrharid friends. In tho present instance, Mies Ponsonby was far too distracted at her loss to think /of. posing herself in any philosophical attitudes of Ehain resignation. The.Idss so vexed and alarmed her, bo .fretted herbrain, and wrung her thrifty Uoart/thatsho was,' for tho moment) indifferent to all appearances. A lady by birth and education as she was, if she had been well enough at that moment, she would havo run right away down Orampton High-street, like Moliere's Avare, screaming, 'Thieves ! thieves ! I've lost a ten-pound note !' Even now, weak and worn as she was, she could not contain her self, although she was in the presence of a new doctor. She stood there tottering at tho head of the fitaira, clinging to the banisters like a broken down Cassandra, an old Lady Macbeth, at tho last gasp, or a dilapidated Banshee, proclaiming the emigration of tho old family,- and tho cou Beauent close of her ebosfclv encasement. Erich and all of these characters did the distracted old lady of fortune alternately resemble. MisB Dampier flew up stairs swift as a bird, and before Mercy or Mr. Tresham could run to hor aid, caught her aunt in her arras just as Bhewas in tho very act of falling faint and exhausted at the stair-head. In a moment, however, the young doctor bad released her of tho burden, and with two or three prompt, yet soothing words, as sured her that thero was no danger. Tho three then lifted tho inconsolable old lady carefully to her sanctum^ a snug littlo room adjoining her bedroom, whore some block profile portraits, cut out with the scissors, hung in oval frames over the mantel-piece, and an old- fashioned bureau, open, and strewn with papors, stood up in a corner by_ one of tho windows. 'Dear, dear aunt,' said Lilly Dampier, kneeling beside tho almost delirious old lady, and stroking her thin. cold hands, ' what is it you have lost 1 Whoro was it ? No doubt it is all safe. There's no one been here to-day, except I and Mercy. Has there, Mercy ? ' ' Not as I knows on,' said that per son ; 'no one at least that I've sot my eyes upon, but there's been tho works of darkness hero some how. TheLord deliver us !' 'I'll have justice,' said the old lady, recovering as if by. a violent effort, arid gasping out every word as if on the verge of a fainting fit. ' Lilly, I will find that note. Lot me go now.' And, as she spoke, Mies Ponsonby chided and almost shook Lilly in tho passion of the moment, as if she was grappling, in her feeble way, with the thief himaelf. 'My dear madam,' said tho young doctor, sharply and quickly, 'pray calm yourself. You seem woa.Tr ? van hrfliit.hn wifli rtiffi/»nH.v n-nA fn rt\vn way to thiB excitement is injurious to you in the highest degree.' Then he turned to Mercy, ami said, in a stern, prompt way: 'Have you any sal- volatile in thehouso? If so, run directly for the bottle and bring it, .and a wine- glass, and some cold water. If you have no sal-volatile, get some brandy. Wo must give a restorative at once. Don't stand there repeating texts that don't the least apply, but go quick. Almost immediately that Miss Ponsonby bad drank the glass of opaline liquid, she seemed to grow suddenly stronger and calmer. She even tottered, with Lilly's help, to the bureau, to show her where she had loft the ten-pound note, with somo others, tho night before. Then she sud denly relapsed for a moment into hysterical tears, faint screams, cries for justice, and denunciations of felonious persons in general, with a violence of feeling, as Tresham began quickly to think, quite out of all reasonable and sane proportion to the extent of the loss. But ho took a wide and generous view of tho matter, and concluded that the rich old maid was probably not so much lamenting the mere ten pounds as regretting the loss of confidence it would produce and the de tracting views of human nature it would en courage. But he took far too liberal an estimate of that contracted, selfish, and acidulated mind. 'Mr. Tresham,' she said, her pride sobering her as she grew more composed, 'I am sorry you see me for the' first time in such a state of vexa tion and excitement, but this loss is really most extraordinary and unaccountable. I had the money last night. I left it thero on my desk, and when I lett tho room Lilly locked tho door for me, and gave me the key as usual. To-day I get up and go in, and two hours after I mits this ton-pound note ; some one's robbed me. ' You locked the door, last night, dirt vnn mnt. Lilly ?' ' Oh, yes, aunt.' 'It is very unaccount able,' Baid Tresham, after a moment's thought; 'very. Are there no workpeople or cbarwomon xbout the house who might havo been tempted by this money?' 'I really don't know, Mr. Ircsham,' said Miss Ponsonby. 'I havo had no reason before — bnt — well, ono doesn't know whom to trust in a place like this. I havo never yet found out our present charwoman in any act of dishonesty, but there's no knowing.' ' Oh, aunt, dear,' said Mrs. Dampier, 'you could not suspect that good, nice Mrs. Lavrf ord ? She's so industrious ana respectful, and I havo never seon her upstairs, except when she was scouring the spare room.' 'My dear, you don't know the world,' said her aunt. ' Dis honest persons, as Mr. Tresham will tell you, are often plausible onough.' 'But, dear aunt, I was by your side talking till you foil asleep, and no one entered the room afterwards till, you called.' 'You ought not to havo left mo. If you had not left me this would not havo happened.' Mias Ponsonby uttered, this com plaint with the fretfulness of an invalid, and a good deal of that tyranny that rich patronesses sometimes exercise towards 'their proteges. Trcsham was quick to the rescue. Instinc tively he seemea to shrink from hearing his patient assume & tono of authority and querul ous.complaint towardB Miss Dampier. Peeling Miss Ponsonby's pulse, ho said, ' Yes, the sal volatile has done you good. I should strongly advise you now to go to bed. This excitement and talking is very injurious to you, and may ' set up' a state of the throat and chest that would keep you awake half tho night. Miss Dampier, you muEt plead with me.' ? ? ; At that moment the ,dbor flew open, and in ran. Susan, the pretty little maid-servant, very red with running, her bonnet on .hind- part before, and the pound of arrowroot in her hand. Finding nobody down- stairs on her return, the girl, fearing something had happened, had run np to see whore everybody was. She drew back on Beeing a stranger. ' You nover came for my ' letter for the four o'clock post, Susan,' said Miss Ponspnby. ' You positively are tho most careless girl that ever was known. You really seem to nave no head— no head at all. ; There, give Mercy the arrowroot and go. ' t RiinnTi Rfiflmerl hefldlesH of t.hpnn rteinamtiiieA accusations, and gave the arrowroot to the timo server Mercy, who nudged and muttered a. re- buke, from which Susan, a strong, sturdy, girl, broke forth, and pushed again to the front, being frank, bold, and unencumbered with any Oriental ideas of obedience. ' But if you plsse, mum — yes I will, Mercy— if you please 'm, I did come, bnt you were asleep, and I did not ; desire to wake you, mum, so I took the letter off ?the desk just where I seed it when you told me when' I brought the beef-tea. I put it into the post by the baker's mum, and the postman came up just then, and teld me it was all right. Yes I will, Mercy. I've done nothing to be ashamed of, and I will,' ' , It was natural that Tresham and Miss Dampier should smile at the little maid's fervid explana tion and Mercy's indignation at hsr selfjustifi cation, for tho by- play was worthy of Wilkie's pencil. ' Oorao here, come here, girl,' saidMiss PonRonby, sternly, from tho old-fashioned round backed arm-chair by the door/ into which she had sunk, Susan approached, half-frightened, and the moment she was in reach the ; old . lady's thin hand flew at her, and gripped her convulsively by the arm. ,' It was : she ' took it,' she screamed ; ..' this Susan! stole it— this was tho girl— stolo ,it . when ,1 was asleep.'. . Call the polico ! Don't let her escape IIidcktHo] doors i I will have my ten pounds. Give ra'o tbe ten pounds.' ' I am sura Susan would not stoal anything,' said Miss Dampier. ' Dear aunt, do control yourself. Mr. Tresham, isn't her head perhaps wandering 1 You would not for tho world, would you, Susan ? ' 'I could wager my word. Miss Ponsonbyj' said Tresham, ' that this girl is no* thief.' Before Susan could recover her astonishment sufficiently, the door again flew open, and in bounced a good-looking, stout, active charwoman, with a wet scrubbing-brush and flannel in one hand and a piece of Boap in the other, ' What's all this, I should liko to know, about my Susan t ' sho said, in a tone of almost aggressive protest, as she made a dash at 'Susan, and carried her by a coup de main. ' Beg your pardon, madam and miss, but I happened to be foing upstairs with my pail, and I heard Miss 'onsonby cry out that my Susan bad stolon ton pounds, which, I say. is an onposaiblo thing, for my Susan's been well brought up, though wo are poor people, as you may soy, and aho would ncvor go for to do it. Only just look at hor viAiir V rt.ii Ann ac±e% Qnt\ (Inn '+. nvnn lrvis\nr *r-Vi aV liUtYi xuu m*u o\\-w m-K-i uvu v v? vu nuun - nUDU you mean. Rieh people mislay their monoy, and then go and lay it to tho chargo of poor girls, whose character is all they have to depend upon. So you'll please tako a month's notico from my Susan from this day, mum.' ? . In tho midst of this scone — for tho flood of tho honest woman's indignation was not easily Btopped— Mr. Tresham, promising to send some composing medicine, quietly took nis leave. The last person's face on whom his oyos rested in that room was not, you may depend upon it, that of Miss Ponsonby. Miss Dampier, Having bowed to him, did not turn again as no left. Sho was intent on tranquilising her aunt and plead ing for SuBan. Why should ho havo carod for that 1 Yet he did. Talk of woman's vanity !— but as he was a man, I must be merciful to him. As ho passed through tho hall the doctor looked into tho parlor, whoro the phantom of Miss Ponsonby's pretty companion still sat by the fire, now sunk low and smouldering, to call and rebuko Dandy, who was scratching with mistaken zeal at tho parlor wainscot for a purely ideal rat — in fact, the ghost of tho one that escaped in the yard from George's broom. A dash Dandy niado at some white object 6n tho hearth-rug, which he tossed about in absurd fury, and eventually wound madly round his body, drew the doctor's attention to three or four littlo dark specks on the carpet, which he stooped and picked up. They wero violets that had Deen dropped by Lilly when she. was filling the cluster of fivo littlo white paiian Greek vases, which stood in the centre of the round tablo. Tho object that bo teased, distracted, and delighted Dandy was tho strip cut off one of tthe white frills that stood up like shirt collars round the little flowers, that had been deluded into mistaking October for April. Man, especially young man, as has been often ob served, is a strange, irrational animal, else why should the young doctor have kiesed the stray violets and then thrust them hastily into hiB waistcoat-pocket with as guilty an' air as if he had committed felony. No doubt the mysterious thief, whoever he might bo, who had purloined miss ronsonDy s ten pounds, naa been twice as bold, in his abstraction. Yet, after all, what harm in keeping the violets in romerabrance of a pretty and interesting face that he might not see more than once or twice again ? Npno, of course, that was the utter absurdity of it ; and why did a big man like : that blush ' as ho whistled for Dandy, let himself out, and slammed the blaek, heavy-panelled door after him as quietly as it would let him ? , The same moon, but now clear and keen as a golden sickle. Tho wind was fresher, and wbb busy sweeping the sky fiee of cloud. Even the two sour spinster trees looked more cheerful, and wero whispering together in a low voice, and nodding their heads at tho same moment like half-sleepy gossips at,' tho latter end of a eoa coal fire.' A fanciful person might have almost supposed that, as friends of the family, they wero discussing together tho loss of Miss Ponsonby's ten pounds. The old bay-trees guard ing the steps, standing as much on their re spectability as ever, and with leaves glittering liko silver, rustled in their stiff, old-fashonied way as Frank Tresham passod, as if to wish him a good evening. It was ovidontly meant well, and so Frank took it. As he walked homo he thought ovor the mysterious robbery, and in his mind at once acquitted the little servant-girl. ' If burglars ever carry *rc it. _ a ? ;_i-i- _u i_j ? »„ _i-- i ?. it * uii Mail iuuiiwio uiu. uiuy a piaiecuest, no thought to himself, ' I believe she would go stark staring mad. I havo seen many odd faces in my time, he went on in his reverie, ' but I never saw anything odder than tho look that detestable lady's-maid gave me when sho des cribed Gumboge's medicine. I should almost havo imagined she was fond of laudanum herself. 1 don't like that woman — wonder if sho collared the ten-pound note ? Not un likely, repeated a text tho next moment perhaps, and will give sixpence on Sunday at the chapel to tho Tiinbuctoo mission.' That pretty niece, too^ he thought, was, after all tho very com panion that he had sketched in such odious colors. But just thon a singular phenomenon disturbed Frank Treaham's reverie, for out of one of those deep blue spaces in tho eky the moon suddenly launched forth, and. in tho glory of tho thin clond into which it sailed thero appeared for a ihomont a face as liko Lilly Dampier's as two peas. An instant after tho sanio vibiqn'. reappeared in tho mqonljght that gleamed out on a garden walk. .. After all; it was a pleasant spectre by. .which, to »be temporarily haunted. ; '; ?-.??..;..,.;?. . -c-:. /.?.:.;:;?? i \ ?!.'??????:??? When Frank got' homo; the pheasant was still warm, but it. was only a wreck; ,o flits former greatness. ?' Such 'are .'the sacrifices .'which life demands of us. .; Nevertheless, ? oiir .hero atev nearly all the-bird without a grumble, forihe was young and eupeptic,- and the peautiful' and; beatir.' 'fie vision' had by no 'means taken) awjay, 'his'; appetite. .? Afterwards, he lit his\ pipe, put his 'feet on the' hob. and looked at those j violets which he. had ,. picked up on Miss ' Ponsonby's hearthfrug,;.but.rhb did not throw them' in the fire.;, . / , ... :????,?.?????? ...?'. '????'? - -???--' -(To hecohtinued.) : ? ' ' vThe: JBrisbane. Courier of the 4th instant relates that a very serious accident occur-red to;!; Miss Eliza Wilson at the Alexandra Theatre on' the previous night. {During the third act of Truth, and Falsehood, at tention was attracted by a loud scream* from one of the dressing rooms. Mr. Lionel Hard ing instantly rushed to the spot from whence the cry proceeded, and was horified to per ceive that the unfortunate young actress's dress /was on fire. Tearing down a curtain, lie enveloped Miss Wilson in its folds. No sooner, however, did sho feel the fire in con tact with hor body, than giving vicni to another piercing scream, she tore the cur tain off her, and breaking away rushed on to the Btage towarde Miss Koso Coopori Mr. Oreagb, perceiving that Miss Cooper's dress had already caught fire, tare it off, anol pushed her from the burning girl. By this time several others had arrived to render assistance, who pulled Miss Wilson off the stage, throw her down, and wrapped a second covering round her, and speedily extinguished the flames, not, however, boiore tho, unfor tunate sufferer had been very severely burnt' in various portions of hor body, moro particu larly about tho brcasfc, arms, and legs. Miss Wikon was speedily convoyed home, where she was attended by Dr. EmmeUiaiDz, who states that tho injuries recoived, although of a very sorious nature, aro not, be trusts, so severe as to prevent her recovery. It is hardly necessary to say that tho unfortunate aocident caused somo considerable consterna tion amount tho audience. I 