T?en FRENCH AND GERAxN WVOuNDEsD.-The special correspondent of thle Teleraele, writing from the German head-quarters at Versailles on the 17th December, sayse: -Sad accounts of the state of the French and German wounded in Beaugency have been received. A great many of the men injured in the battles between the Grand Duke and Chanzy hlave positively died of hunger. Not a few were brought into Bcaugency to expire, who lead been lying for three days and nights in their blood, without a parti cle of food to eat or a drop of water to drink. Edibles of any sort are not to be bought for money in Beaugency or in the villages near that town. One hundred and sixlty severely wounded men are lying in the cell of an Ursulino convent there, as many more in the tiny provincial theatre. Every house contains trom six to a dozen or more sufferers; but thlere is only a single surgeon to attend to sir or seven lhundred cases. Tile stench in some of the houses is horrible; for fester and gangrene are raging, and many of themen are in a stateofpartialdecompositionbefore they give up the ghost. Thelittletown wasshelled forasehorttime, as you areaware ; and I will take leave to relate one inex pressibly end episode of the bombardment. A French gentleman of the noighbourhood-a truer servant of the Cross than many that bear it on their arme--had volunteered his services as a bearer and in?rlnier. Duringtheraetion he had beenbusy in thelfield, bringing in under heavy fire wounded men of bolth nations; amongst others a Prussian soldier whom he attended beforeie iloe awn was captured, in as extempore hospital, established in a private house. He was standing by the bed of hies aufering enemy, ministering to hIis wants, when a shell struck the house, penetrated the wall of the room in which hies ward was situated, and burst, not injuring any of the patients, but carrying off both lega of the good Froechman, who fell, never to rise agaim. The wounded Prussian managed to get out of bed thlough badly hurt, and endeavomed to staunch the blod of hie benefactor, over whose dead body he was subsequently found, sobbing like a little child. Could there be a more glorious death P 