fi\\)t Courier«. PUBLISHED DAILY. SATURDAY, MABCB 4, 1871. How is it that there is so much difficulty in obtaining a conviction for tho ofience of cattle stealing ? lhe fact will be generally admitted whate\ei may be its explanation We have no statistics at ' and from which may be learned the pioportion of thieves caught and convicted to cattle stolen, hut, according to common belief it must be wondcifully small In compaiatively few cases, considering the number of offences committed, is any real or supposed oflender brought to the bar of justice In cornpaia tivcly few cases in -which pcisons are accused before a magistiate is theie any committal for trial And in compaiatively few cases in which the iccused are put upon trial can juries be found to convict them There can be no question that this is a | state of things much to be lamented It is calculated to bring the law and its I ofheers into contempt, and to spread the contagious disease of lawlessness Theie is no question either that it is a state of things tolerably easy to be explained And if this is the case, it is abundantly cer tain that whatever lemedy may be dis coverable ought to be applied without de lay A condition of law lessness cannot be I sufteicd to continue AVe can ill afford to [ have oui machinery foi the administia tion of justice brought îuto disctedit The veiy safety of the State re quires that its effects cuoss be maintained 1 he explanation which is sometimes | thought to account foi the eui, namely, that our people are generally and espe ciallj tho e outside the towns, a lawless lot without caie foi each other's rights, fails altogether to meet the case, for the simple reason that there is no ti nth in the state ment As e rule we are, in town and coun try alike, an oideily people who are tena eious of our ow n lights and havo a due regal d to the rights of otu neighbois A ! man íarely has Ins house lobbed or his propei ty taken from him if it is found | upon his own premises with oi without protection A man is safe w ithout ai ms, | and he need hardly lock his doois at night His crops are safe from molestation, and I his goods requue no watchman His live | stock, too, in his own paddocks are gene rally secute, although his fences aie not, and his gates 01 slip rails anyone can open at pleasure How is it, then, that if Ins cattle are " i mining outside,' he is almost suie before long to " lose the run " of them ? The reason seems cleai It is very much because by the long established custom of the country cattle in ti e open bush are (naturally) looked upon as the ' product of the open bush, which no one I owns, and therefme as in a measure com I mon property Granting that there may be some force in the inducement to seize , thom offered by the probability of escape from detection there seems no doubt that ' this supposed different right of owneiship to cattle running in the bush whethei on leased runs or not, and to cattle grazing m enclosed paddocks has a good deal to do with the prevalent cattle stealing and pei haps something to do with tho picvalent I dehcaoy of magisttates to commit, and of | juries to convict for cattle stealing Add to this the eftect of the well known tia ditional piactice of many ltinholdeis to brand all the cattle they can catch and we need not he stn prised at people's loose notions about piopnetorship in cattle But theie is another prolific som co of | mischief m the undeltned and unsatisfactoij right of using blands 101 all that appears | to the contrary amia may use what biand he likes as nianj different brands as he likes and he need not brand at all unless he likes Then again it is well known that theie arehundieds an 1 possibly thousands of | head of cattle m the bush without brand, or without recognisable brand 01 without | owned bland, that is to say, of cattle which belong to noboby 01 in fact to anybody | who may appiopnate them All these con siderations go fn to show how it is there is so much cattle stealing, and also how it is there aie so few convictions foi the oflence They help to redeem oin colonial life norn the stigma of c iring little for hw 01 right which at iirst si^ht this state of things j seems to cast ujon us AVe appiehend that after all not many cases of cattle stealing occui in which the thief knows whose cattle he is stealing No doubt it ought to be a sufhciont leatiamt upon lum to know that they ate not his, but m some cases even this knowledge does not amount to an absolute certainty, foi, as we have seen, it may happen that the cattle havo no owner, 01, m othei words, are common property, and apparently to his mind as much his as any body else's Let no one suppose w e are justifying the cattle thief AVe aio simply explaining how all this disgraceful cattle stealing which abounds does not demon strate thorough ule rascality on the part of | the delinquents, and also how it is that juries hesit ite to convict them A most important and probably sufhcieut I remedy for all this bad work, would be a better íegulation by law of the use of brands No two persons ought to be allowed to use the same brand .No j one ought to bo allowed to use unregistered brand, or to run cattle or horses unbranded outside his ow n | paddocks If this were the law-so rea sonable a law onco put in operation being suro to commend itself gradually to | .universal adoption-there would be no j difliculty about the conviction of oftenders, and thero would be, rt may be certainly hoped, what is far better, very few | oftenders to convict If we aie not mis taken, thore has been a Bill prepared to deal with this urgent public want, lying in the pigeon holes of the Colonial Secretary s olhce now for some years It was origi nated by the Government of Sir ft Mac KrN/ir, left as a legacy to their sue cessors, and brought before Parha ment and advanced some stages some eighteen months ago How it came to be dropped we know not, for apparently it neither deserved nor encountered any opposition We may hope to see it ' brought anew before the notice of the couutry in the coming session, and cannot help regretting that it has been so long delayed. If on.experience of its working this Bill is found insufficient, it will be necessary to adopt further mea- sures to declare the law and make it respected ; for this cattle- stealing is a serious nuisance which must be stopped. The honor of both Government and people demands its suppression. And it is non- sense to suppose that we cannot stop it if we like. In tho prosont transition stato of public opinion on thoodttcation question, 6omo portions of tho address of tho Hoad Master of tho Brisai bano Grammar Sohool, as published in th¡B journal of Wednesday, are paiticulorly worthy of attention, as indicating principles sound in themselves, and which aro gaining hold on tho publio mind. At present the Primary Schools I aro froo to nil, and tho Grammar Schools aro open only to tliOBo who can pay a foo of three or four guinous a quarter. Tho rosu.lt is to oouso a social distinction botweon tho schools, and to destroy tho chnraotcr of tho highor schools by filling them with boys who havo to go through a primary education thoro. ,Tho truo principle is to havo all tho schools equally freo as regards payment-tho Primary Schools absolutely opon to all corners over five years old, and the Gram* mar Sohools open to all who can pass an exa- mination proving that thoy havo already recoivod a fair primary education. By this means tho I lower classes of tho present Grammar Schools ( would be removed, and the attention of the mosters dovotort to tho highor branches with far j moro effect. Tho Grammar Schools Act pro- vides for a small land endowment ; if this were ' increased and well managed, it would, in timo, I provide an "income Bufliciont to mobo thoso sohools free without additional ohargo on tho rovenuo. Another question in connection with education requires ourly attoution-that of es- tablishing agricultural and other technical schools, tho valuo of which can hardly be over- rated. Thoro is mcleod no reason why a begin- ning should not bo made at onco, by including eomo portion of theso practical subjocts in tho studies of tho higher classes of both the National and the Crammar Schools. Mit. Alderman Pettioebw has a notice of motion to come boforo tho Munioipal Council for discussion at its next mooting which do Borvoa careful consideration for sovoral reasons. It is to tho following effect :-" That tho expen- diture in ouch ward ho in proportion to tho amount of rntos received thcrofrom." At tho first glan co nothing could eceni fairer thati tho principio enunciated in this motion. If tho question was put to them, nine porsons out of ton would say at onco that tho ward which con- tributed tho largest amount to the municipal rovenuo, in tho simpo of rutes, was entitled to tho largest expenditure for repairs and improve- ments. Yet, when fairly considered, it is a principio which is utterly antagonistic to tho theory of local solf-govcrnmcnt, and is selfish and unjust in tho highest dogreo. It utterlyjignores tho vory fundamental prinoiplo on whioh all communities oro supposed to bo founded tiauioly, that ovory individual in such commu- nity must give up a portion of his individual rights for tho good of tho whole-tho principio on which a citizen is mudo to pay his quota for viator ho doos not ubo or require, gas he doss not burn or need, and Btreet improvemonts that aro of no particular benefit to him. If Mr. Pottigrow's motion was adopted and rigidly carried out, tho effect would bo that the best parts of tho city would be still further im- proved, and tho worst parts still further neglected. Nay, if the principio is carried out with respect to wards, thoro is no reason why it should not bo furthor extended to streets. If this was done there would be an onormous sum available for expenditure on Quoen-street-the best streot in the city,-a smaller sum on Ed ward-stroet, o smaller still on Goorgo-streot, and there would thoa bo noxt to nothing left for the back streets in tho same ward that require, at tho prosont timo, tho principal portion of the ex- penditure. The longer tbo principio was rigidly carried out tho moro outrageously unjjst it would bocome, because tho bock streets would got worso and worse, tho property would bocomo lees and less valuable, and tbo amounts received for rates would decrease in proportion, Or/B lost files of tho Si/dncy Morning Berala inform us that "tho profits of tho Pyrmont Bridge Company for tho six months ending 31st December amounted to £578 2s. 7d. Of this sum, £500 is to bo applied towards liquidation of debenturo debt, which is now reduced to £27,000." This is a small profit, but then it must bo romombered that Pyrmont Bridgo only connects a small suburb with Sydnoy. Tho re- ceipts at the temporary bridgo ovor tho Brisbane were much moro satisfactory, as show- ing how profitable an investment a permanent bridgo would havo boon if it had been completed off hand at anything like the original ostiinato. It is Btrange that those of our public works whioh promise to be most reproductive aro in- variably postponed, while others that nobody oxpcctB will pay eiponses for years to como aro carried out. The officers sont by the Collector of Customs to patrol tho Southern border of tho colony from Maryland westward havo reached their various destinations, and tbo collection of Customs duties has bogun. Numerous drays laden with goods from Maitland and other towns in Now South WbIob have been stopped on tho border, and a fair addition to tho OustomB receipts has boen made. A largo distriot in tho Bouth-westorn interior of Queensland has hitherto beon sup- plied with goods overland from Now South Wales, and the latter colony has had the benefit of its contributions to the Customs, while wo havo had the oxponso of its government. Tho present arrangement will secuto the Customs duties for ub. It is also having another effect. In order to avoid the payment of duties to both oolonies, sovoral of the western settlors havo already made arrangements to get supplies from hero, to be forwarded by way of Dalby ,- and probably tho bulk of this trade will, in timo, como into its natural channel. To effect this re- sult it will bo nocossary to improve the roods and make the communication ob easy as possible In the neighborhood of Warwick the case is different. Nono of our settlors got thoir goods from over tho bordor, while many of the Now South Wales Bottlers aro supplied from hero. A notice from tho Colonial Treosuror says that on all goods tnkon out of bond hero for exportation across the bordor tbo duty will be refunded, if the proper forms are attended to, and the re- quisite proof of exportation given. Theee wbb seme novolty, yesterday, in the annoyances which usually disturb the sittings of tho Supremo Court. The traffic in tho street occasionally rendered it impossible to hear any- thing, but this was not the only trouble. Shortly after the proceedings had commenced, tho stentorian voice of an auctioneer's crier on tho opposito sido of the street attracted every- one's attention, and a policeman was accord- ingly told off to silenoo said crior. Sundry ham- merings about the Court buildings below had noxt to bo 'stopped j and then carno a fresh nuisanoo in tho not-nt-all-harmonious voice of tho auotionoer aforesaid, whose vociferation was so extraordinary that nearly all ho said could bo hoard in Court. Again tho servico of tho police forco was called intp requisition, but it was reported that on tho message being deli- vered to Mr. Auctioneer, ho expressed his wil lingness to cease operations on the receipt of a chequo for ton guineas. Ho did not get the cheque, but without further ado he lowered his tono of voice so as not to disturb the Oourt, j His Honor tho Chief JuBtico commented sevoral times on tho causos of interruption, and at last remarked that ho fearod tho sittings of tho Court would havo to bo held at night, -when thero would bo somo chanco of qu'.t. The accuracy of statemonts which wo havo mado with regard to the yiold of gold from tho quartz reefs of Victoria bas been called into question. Wo oro fortunatoly in possession of an official document containing the reportB of mining surveyors and registrars of Victoria for the quarter that ended on the 30th of Septem- ber last. Tho low of that colony requires that Buch reports sholl, be furnished quarterly. As the subject of gold-mining, and a project of law rotating to it, will havo to como under considera- tion aftor the roport of Mr. Commissioner Pring is submitted to Parliomont at the beginning of next session, it may not bo out of place to quote some of tho Viotorian statis- tics wo have boforo us. On the 30th of Sep- tember thero woro 59,742 gold- miners working in that colony. At the alluvial diggings, 27,002 Europeans woro engaged, and 15,915 ChincBO. Thero were 1G,090 Europeans employed in tho quartz reefs, and only 135 Colcstials. Thoro woro 404 steam engines employed in alluvial mining and 713 in quartz mining with a total of 23,130 horse- power. The approximate value of tho mining piont was upwards of two millions ster- ling. Tho auriferous ground actually workod upon comprised nil aron of only U05i acres, and includod 2,040 quartz reefs that had been proved to bo auriferous. The estimated yield of gold during the quarter wob 162,118 ounces from alluvial workings, and 140,239 ounces from quartz reefs. Tho averngo yiold of gold from quartz-cruBhing in tho sovon mining distriots of Viotoria was 9 dn ta. 12*89 grs. to the ton. Tho quartz tailings, cement, and mullock gave 2 dwts. 16-03 grs. Tho pyrites and blanketings oporated upon in fivo of tho districts aro stated to havo yielded 2 ozs. 7 dwts. to the ton. In Queensland the reefors throw up their claims if thoy do not get ounces to tho ton, instead of tho pennyweights that they obtain in Viotoria. If wo had only in this colony ono-tenth of tho two millions of money invested in mining plant in Viotoria, Queensland would become tho greatest gold exporting country in the world. However, attention appears to havo beon drawn to our gold-fields, and an influx of gold-mining enterprise and capital is sotting in here that promises well for the future. The Rev. T. Jcnkyn will preaoh in Welsh at the Congregational Church, Wharf- streot, at 4 o'clock, to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon, and in English at 7 in the evening. Fnost advortiscmentB it will bo seen that ser- mons are to bo preached on Monday and Tues- day next, at Carter's Ferry and Beenleigh. AVe aro informed that a written testimonial bas been presented to tho captain, first officer, and surgeon of the Storm King, by the pas A FATAL accident occurred yesterday. A little fellow named Charles Bryan Gallwey, Son of Mr. John Gallwey, whilst playing near the water holes at the bottom of Rogers street, fell into one of them, and was drowned. He was not out of the sight of his parents more than five minutes before he was missed : search was immediately instituted, and all the residents in the neighbor- hood turned out to look for him, After a con- siderable time had been spent in the search, the boy was found in a waterhole near Mr. Faulk- nor's residence. The meeting at the villago of logan, for tho election of road trustees, as advertised, was hold on Thursday evening, February 23, at Towns' store. Mr. John Hinchcliff occupied the chair. Over sixty farmers ond housoholders wero present, and tho majority appeared more intent upon ohanging the proposed lino of road than to superintend tho outlay thoreon. As the whole matter will be under the superintendence of the Central Board of Works no doubt all things will bo done with the usual skill and ability displayed by the Hoads Department, but it is a good sign of ooming public spirit to seo those amioable contentions. " Loganite" writes a strong letter in favor of the road from Dry nan's Ferry through the central locality in the Logan district. At a meeting of over sixty Bottlers, upon the recommendation of Mr. M'Hugh, it was resolved to submit the special claims of the central road to tho consideration of the Minister for Works. A cieoüiAB despatch having rerorenco to the subject of compulsory vaccination has been Beut to the Govornmonts of tho different Australian colonios. It will no doubt bo laid before our Parliament at the beginning of next Bession, In his despatch, the Earl of Kimberley quotes figures" to show the remorkablo success that has attended tho operation of the compulsory Bystora in Ireland, which carno into force in 186S. Thore wero 854 deaths from Bmall-pox in Ire- land in 1884 ¡ 347 in 1865 ¡ 187 in 1866; 20 in 1867 ; 19 in 1868 ; and ono death only ia 1869-tho man who died being a Swedish Bailor, who landed with tho disease already on him. Lord Kimberley writes :-" In 1870, as far as the returns have been ascertained, only one man has died of Bmalhpox, and only forty. eight cobos of it havo beon treated, and of these thirty-two aro referable to contagion imported from England, Scotlond, and Norway; and in no caEO of outbreak did the disease become epidemic." Tho Poor Law Com. missioners for Ireland stato that although vaccination does not invariably provent the disease, it dues so in a very largo proportion of cases, and when the disaaso attacks those who have been vaccinated, it comes in a modified form, and is far less fatal than it would other- wise bo. It has been ascertained by Mr. Simon, Medical Officer of the English Privy Council, that more than one-third of unvaccinated per- sons die who are attacked with small- pox, and the following is 'the por centage of deaths amongst those who have beon moro .or less efficiently vaccinated :-Thoso having ono vae cine sear, 7jt per cent. ; two Bears, 4J per cent.; three scars, li per cent, j four or moro soar«, î per cont. lu Ireland the administrative branches of public education and polico are bettor or- ganised than in any othor part of the United Kingdom, and it is tho same with registration. Each District Registrar is also the medical officer and public vaccinator of his district, and he is paid by the Government one shilling for each successful vaccination performed. As ho has official knowledge of tho number of births, and it is to his pecuniary advantage to en for co the law of compulsory vaccination, the disease of small-pox has, as Lord Kimberley expresses it, been " stamped out " in Ireland. An adjourned meeting of the committee ap- pointed to mako arrangements for celebrating St. Patrick's Day was hold at the Commercial Hotel, last ovoning, when somo matters of detail woro discussed and decided upon. An advertisement calls a meeting of gontlemon de BiroUB of colobrating tho day named, to toko placo in tho Chamber of Commerce, Town Hall, at 8 o'clock on Monday evening. We woro shown yoBterday a vory fair likeness of our loto Governor, executed by Mr. Wm. Surr, of this city. It is in the style known B3 " Crayon-pastille." Tho shading of the faco is particularly fino and striking. The likeness was copied from a carte de visite. It reflects great credit on tho artist, who intends to con- tinue the business if ho moots with sufficient encouragement. Mb. W. A. Chapman, who has earned a woll deserved reputation as a master of the magicaj art, will mako his first appearance at the Soboo of Arts on Monday evening next. A combina- tion has boon brought about which will add to tho attractiveness of the ontertainmont. Mr. Alfred Wilkie, the colobrated tenor, wil' appear, and sing somo of his favorite songs A Southern paper of recent dato, noticing Mr] Chapman's ontertainmont, says :-" The tricks shown wero of the first-claBS order, while tho running commentary of Mr. Chapman was witty and pleasant, without the slightest tings of aught that could offend tbo most delicato taste. Mr. Chapman has ovidontly taken groat pains to made himself niaator of tho attractive art he possesses, and thoro is a neatness aud dexterity about his manipulation somewhat startling to tho eyo, but gratifying at tho same time. Wo woro particularly struok with tho feat of the rings, and the explanation of tho ' Davenport trick' was clear,' olovcr, and wol illustrated. The sack full of ghosts was oxcessivoly funny, nnd provoked sur- prise and laughter. Viowod oltogether, so unique an entertainment has seldom beon seen, and wo wish Mr. Chapman ovory success whoro ever he goes, not only for his perseverance under somowkat adverso circumstances as to weather and counter attractions, but on ac- count of his gentlemanly and unassuming de- meanor in bis endeavors to ploaso the public." At tho Victoria Hall, last ovoning, Lord Lyt ton's play, "Tho Lady of Lyons," was pro- duced. Mr, Holloway, as Claude Melnotte, and Mrs. Holloway, as Pauline, woro very success- ful, the two characters being represented in a manner whioh elioited the ropcatod applause of the audience. Mr. Irvine's Beauseant was very fairly rendered. Mr. Wood made a good Colonel Damas. Tho part of Madame Deschapelles was noted vory creditably by Miss Melville. The romaining performers do not require notico. The farco of " The Quiet Family," which sont the audience away in good humor, oonoludod the ontertainmont. , The Orpheus Glee Society gave an " invita tion concort " at tho School of Arts last even- ing. Tho society oppear to have boen very liberal in thoir issue of invitations, as the hall was quite crowded. His Excellency the Acting Governor and Lady O'connell were among thoso present. The concert was a decided suc- cess. The part songs and glees, especially, were oxeouted in a manner whioh showed indefati- gable practico on the part of the performers, and reflected great credit on the exertions of the leader, Mr. Niemeitz. The solos, both vocal and instrumental, also went re- markably well, and wero loudly applaudod. In the first part of the programme Kreutzer's quartette, " The Chapel," and the part song, "Tho Two Boscb," were admirably rendered and highly appreciated. The song " The Wild Curlew," sung by a gentleman who possesses a fine bass voice, elicited aloud encore, which was duly responded to. A pianoforte solo, " Son nambula," by a lady amateur, was the most successful of the instrumental portions of tbo programme, and the brilliancy and ease of the execution brought down the houso. The ballad, "My Boyhood's Home," by a well-known amateur, which was excellently sung, received a unanimous encore, which was replied to by another song equally successful. A scenA trova Meyerbeer, by a lady amateur, was sweetly and accurately executed, tho lady possessing a soprano which did justico to tho composition. The same lady also dis^ tinguished herself in the second part of the programme by a cavatina from Donizetti, and a pianoforte duet with another lady performer. The most successful performance, in the second part, was certainly the stirring song, "lhe Ehine Wiue,"bythesamogentlemanwhobadpreviously sung " My Boyhood's Home" with great effect. The concert terminated with the well-known glee, "Banish, Oh! Maiden," which was care- fully executed, and after singing a verse of "God save the Queen," the audience separated, having enjoyed a most delightful entertainment. 