COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. Friday. 13fch October. In business matters I have nothing to report. Flour is still depressed and but little doing, £13 is at present the top price for the best brands, and wheat is if anything slightly lower. Messrs. Wilder and Sterne" report sales to-day of —Victorian Government six- per-cent debentures, £113 10s; Extended South Stafford, Sandhurst, 2s Gd; Richard Heales, £1 ISs; Avondalc Tribute No. 1, 7s 3d; Wilson's, Murong, 16s; South Stafford, lGs; Eaglehawk Union, Maldon (small lot), 10s; Stafford Star Tribute, 3s; .Richard Heales Tribute, 16s 6d; Hustler's Consols, 3s 9d; Golden Garden Gully, 2s; Union Jack, 9s 6d, lis, lis Gd, 12s; Avondalo Company, 13s 9d; South Extended Hustler's, Sandhurst, 7s; Catherine United, Sand hurst, Is 2d. Mr. S. P. Hogg reports sales to-dny of—New North Clunes, £96; Richard Heales, 40a, 41s; Richard Heales Tribute, 14s Gd, 15s., 15s. Gd, lGs; Avondale Company, 14s,J 14s Gd, Avondale Tribute No. 1, 7s, 7s 3d; South Stafford, 16s; Stafford Stars, 3s, 3s 3d; Clara, 3s 3d, 3s Gd, 3s 9d; Buffalo Head Tribute, 9s Gd; Golden Age Tribute, 4s 3d, 4s. Gd; Extended New Moon, 6s Gd, 03 Gd; Full Moon, 2s 9d; City of Sandhurst, 10s Gd, lis; Indefatigable Tribute,7s 6d; G. Y. Brooke, 8s 9<>. Messrs. Clarke and Co. report sales this day:— Band of Hope and Albion Consols,' Ballarat, £2 14s; Prince of "Wales, Ballarat, 39s; Ancient Briton, 3s ; Avondale, 13s, lis; Alliance Consols, ■Is Gd; Star Stafford, 3a, 3s 3d, 3s Gd ; Richard Heales, 36s, 39s, 40s, 41s ; South Golden Fleece, 5s 9d, Gs ; North Golden Fleece and Glasgow United, 7s 3d ; Extended South Stafford, 2s 9d ; South Stafford, 14s od, 15s; Golden Point, 2s 7d, 2s 9d, 2s lOjd, 3s, 3s 3d; East Happy-Go-Lucky, 2s; Wilson's, Marong, 2s; South Extended Hustler's, 5s 3d; Royal Hustler's, 35s; Hustler's Freehold, 42s, 43s; Garden Gully Reef Extended. 4s; North Shenandoah, 14s; Eureka Tribute, Ss 9d, 9s; Staf ford Reef Tribute, Gs, 7s ; Richard Heales Tribute, lGs, 17s, 17s Gd; Champion Tribute, 4s Gd; Golden Fleeco No. 1 Tribute, 12s .6,1; Beehive Hustler's, Is 9d; London and Australian, Clnnes, lGs. The Local Land Board' sits at the Warden's Court on Friday, 20th instant. A list of the appli cations appears in our advertising columns. Auiu Sacra Fames.—The accursed thirst for gold, which is now so plentiful in all directions, is very likely to lead many children to commit crimes that may lead to most serious influences in their afterlife. But yesterday a lad was sentenced to five years in the reformatory for stealing gold. In a certain claim, not so far away from Sandhurst, a few days ago a manager was rather surprised to find himself accosted one evening by a man, who told him that he had come to restore gold which he sus pected his son had stolen from the claim. On ex amination it proved to resemble the gold of the claim. Some money which the parents found on the lad was also returned, as they .had a suspicion that the boy had sold some of the precious metal. Parents should be very careful to look after their children and prevent them from getting- near rich paddocks. We think, too, that greater precaution should be exorcised by companies in protecting their property. The dependence that must be placed in a mining manager is beyond belief. In one mine that we visited some time since there was stone of exceeding richness and but few minors. What was to prevent the raining manager if he pleased help ing himself ? Even if he were most strictly honest the temptation was almost too great to bear, humanity is frail enough and should not be too far tempted. Many an houest man and mining manager, iu the face of golden • stone, must surely have need of devoutly praying'"Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from all evil." Ltceum Theatre.—The programme gone through by the Minstrels last night was as varied as it was entertaining. In the second part Mr. Bonier sung the new ballad " Little Footsteps" very sweetly, his excellent and well modulated tenor voice enabling him to give full effect to one of the prettiest little- ballads ever' composed. Frank Hussey's fun and humor in the side-splitting farce of "A ghost in a pawnshop," kept the audience in roars of laughter throughout. To-night Miss Blanche Clifton (Mrs. F. Hussey), of whom report speaks very high of her talents, will make her first appearance in a monologue, entitled " Patchwork," 