\- - FEARS OF WAR IN TURKEY. i:,TllS Standard's correspondent writes from _ St Petersburg as follows " I am informed, ;'; on good .nutllority, that the Turkish iron- iclads could not possibly leave the Inner Horn for- months, and that it would take them still longer to ffet out into the Euxine. They have not coal enough for one day's consumption ; there is no reserve depot for ; fuel,- even at the arsenal of Haskeni. It "' "Hybiild be necessary to go into the market " and "purchase whatever was required. The . ' wont of 50,000 tons of steam coal represents v. ,but a small difficulty to an English mind; but.it becomes a very tangible and serious : difficulty when the whole of it has to be brought out here, from South Wales before " it can' find its way on board the Turkish . ironclads. : There, are also no provisions, no : stores, and nosupplies for fitting out ships for any period. The men live, in fact, from hund to mouth, anil must be in port or bar- '.''.bbur-: to be fed at all. It is in this manner , that the public departments are starved ' here, find therefore, if any sudden pressure ; .were placed' upon them, they would ull : simultaneously break down. . Not long ago I paid a series of visits to the two principal /'manufactories connected with tho army— the one at Zeitoun Bournoo, on the Marmora, ' whence you can see in one cluster, as if they : formed' but one island, the blue Symble- 'gades, ninein number; the other at Topha- neh, on the. Bosphor'us, at the loot of the valley leading up into tne middle of Pera. ,;At bpth places the works are very extensive, . and are still being: enlarged, chiefly with a view to the construction of small arms, though ' 'the lextensiye' difference between the two is That" one is for the rough work, the other for /.finishing it off. Through the courtesy , of f-Golonel; Wynne, who has recently entered the Turkish service in the engineering de partment, and who is now employed as a \- metallurgist at Zeitoun Bournoo, I was en- allied to inspect the whole of the- operations (' going on at the latter place, which consist .. chiefly in converting large masses of old iron .hipto. steel, in refining copper, in the casting , :of large guns up to any required calibre, and of shells oi all descriptions and weights, 'as well asin stamping out of the solid steel .the breech pieces required for converting the ' old Enfield or Springfield into breechloaders, r Shells are not only begun but completed ' there.' The labour employed is chiefly mili tary, superintended by skilled English ar tisans, though' there are many Armenian workmen who are leading men in their re spective sets; but, as a rule, when I visited Zeitoun Bournoo, the works generally were languishing for want of supplies, both money and material. At Tophaneh the works are more extensive, and consist chieflv of turn- ing, and boring machines for guns of ever' calibre, as well as ofa multiplicity of engines and lathes for the construction of gun car-/ t riages and the completion of the vnrious . small component parts which go to the .making up of small arms. " Several large machines, recently received from Messrs. Whitworth, for the turning and boring of ' '600-pouhder's, . will shortly be erected and: ' a , very large, addition is also about to be made to- the works in the shape ofa small- i arms; department, the machinery of which arrived from America about nine months : ago. . Large guns of all calibres, from 40 to '600 pounders, were in course of construction; though until the new machinery has been ' erected and put in working order, the cali- bre's chiefly taken in hand range from about 40 to 150 pounders, some of which are brass guns,' and are intended — those of the heavi est class-— for the batteries on tho Bosjiliorous 'and' Dafdaoelles, About thirty or forty of : these. guns are. now completed annually, and :a lairge quantity of them are now in store. "I walked through a forest of small arms — about 400,000, I should think, of Enfield and Springfield rifles, purchased in America, and now awaiting conversion into breech- \- loaders for' the Turkish service. They were racked, -with their bayonets fixed, four deep, in a .succession of long rooms above the machinery in- folf play below. For some yearB the conversion of muzzle into breech- Joadere had- been going on -at the rate of 500 a' week, or 25,000 a year, and a sufficient number are/now.. ready to arm every regi- ment in the service. But in a few, months, "if necessary, Mr Wyatt could more than iffltlblfl' thlR rutfl nf Kiinnlv hv nnth'no- fn. jfeth'e'r'an'd working the improved machinery received,' foi- that purpose, from America. But tin's is only another instance in which it is sometimes necessary to bold back skill, energy; 'and labour for want of means to put them into active co-operation. Altogether it_ appears to me that the Turkish author ities arejayjng the foundations of great na tional manufactories at Zeitoun Bournoo and Topbnn'eh, and. that they will shortly be al together independent of other countries for their0 supply of guns, small arms, and .ammunition of nll'kinds." Paris has-begun to eat tho poor beasts in the Jardin des Plantes (Zoological-gardens.) Several -buffaloes have been sold to the butch'efn,. but the butchers ask enormous prices for buffalo, meat. We have not yet . .heard. that the giraffes, or hymnas, or foxes have been killed for eating, still less that the canaries and parrots in private houses have 'haen. resor'tod to. As regards the Zoological-gardens, perhaps it would be well to ki|l. the strong and dangerous wild bsaa tsbefbrelha .bomhurdin en t begins. A shelf bursting. among the lions, tigers, and elephants might produce; worse effects by maddening these,, animals than by, its own explosion. :r,. , A 'Real Ghost Story.— At last we ' seemed haye;, . really, well authenticated ghost story. xejXjeavQnmpuiii' inaepenaent of the 24th lilt., saypT— That for.|about ten years past, a lady living in Crawford County, Fredonia, lias had for.a, companion, a Spirit child, five or six years old iin appearanco.' .Tiiis faithful little ghost . attends her wherever 'she goes, and has been seen by nearly every resident in Fredonia, at onq fjime or tho other, following close beliiud the lady, in . question. , Indeed, it lias become a . common expression/ in, tho plnco to say,- " there's, g'oes B's little girL " Tho lady has become quite accustomed to its i presence, and rather likes it than not. ' Frequent, attempts have been made to:capture the ghost ; but it invariably .eludes' capture by melting away. Once only has it been eobil apart from 'tho haun tod lady. . Shortly after the cloie.ofilie war, a gentlemnn, who had just tuhbd'|li(Jind from tho army, with his wife 'alidqliiid,' was occupying a room in the haunted: ladyVliduso ' 'Just after retiring to bed— a lamp' bj)(ng jiglktodin-thurooni— a child's footsteps .wore heard bathe .floor,'; the, gentleman sprang' frotu ,hia....bod;,, thinking it -was. his own child moving About;,, but (found the little girl safe; iii bedri.wJillo the Spirit child who had created the' disturbance-, was'-iseen descending the stairs, — Pall\Hali<iG|az9tte, Sopt. 25, 1870. 