A YANKEE ORATOR ON CAPITAL PUNISHMENT. The following1 oration was delivered "somewhere in Wisconsin by one of the profession, who would seem to have quite an aversion to capital punish ment :— " May it please your Lordship and gentlemen of the jury,—The enso is as clear as ice, and as sharp to the point as 'No.' from your sweetheart. The scripture saifch, ' Thou shalt not kill.' Now, if you hang my client you trans gress, and go as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble indi vidual like »ny client.- Gentlemen, I do not deny the fact of my client having killed a man ; but is that any reason why you should do so ? No such thing, gentlemen. You may bring the prisoner in guilty, the hang man may do his duty, but will that exonerate you ? Who" among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped on his brow to-day ? Who, freemen—who in the land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I pledge my word not one of you has a bo wie knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentle mon, your pockets' are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of' rectitude in tho pipe of a poaceful conscience j but bang my unfortunate client, and tho scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through tho in ternal principles of animal vortobrm, until tho spinal vortebrce of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for tho grim and gory gob. lins of despair. Gontloraon, bowaro of committing raurdor! Bowaro, I say, of meddling with the Eternal prerogative I—bewaro, I say. Remem ber tho fate of tho man who attempted tostoady tho ark,and tremble I Gontle. men, I adjure yon, by tho manumitted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do no murder ! [ adjuro you, by the namo of woman, the tickling timopiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder ! I adjure you, by tho lovo you havo for tho esculent and condi inental gusto of our nativo pumpkin, to do no; murder ! I adjure you, by the Amorican Eagle, fcliat whipped the univorsal game-cock of creation, and now sits roosting on tho magnetic tolograph of tirao's illustrious trans migration, to do no murder ! And, lastly, gontlemen, if you over expect to wear long-tailed coats, if you over oxpoct freo dogs not to bark at you, if you over expect to wear, boots made from the free hide of the Hocky Moun tain buffalo, and, to sum up all, if you over expect to be anything but a sot of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided small ends of humanity, whit tled down into indistinetibility, acquit my cliont, and savo your country."— Tho prisoner was acquitted. 