NOTHING IN THE PAPERS. I am by no means prepared to say that in the pre-Adamite state there was nothing ; on the contrary, chaos existed. There was neither order nor system, but there must have been something, or there could have been no chaos, Q.E.D. In fact, there never has been nothing, simply because the existence of no thing is an undoubted paradox, for how can nothing be 1 It remained for the disaiples of Caxton to produce nothing. Their labours culminate in nothing. They are responsible when there if ' nothing in the papers.' Through their agency, those who did not attend the Newcastle Choral Union's concert on Friday evening last, became aware that such a concert had been given, and that a stick assumed a prominent position on the occasion. Sticks have been in the habit of doing thus for thousands of years, ever siuce, I may say, Eve presented Adam with a little Gain, down to t,he present day. Thus Moses cut his stick after slaying the Egyptian. Thus Alexander the Great was found to stick at nothing. Thus the gold and silver sticks became objects of ambition to courtiers, and Mr. Pike had a beautiful silver-mounted stick presented to him as a reward for good conduct;. Bad boys get another sort of stick. Before some ama teurs appear in public they should go through a course of drill instruction, such as ' Atten tion.' ' Heads up.' ' Right dress.' ' Eyes front.' Improvement would be the conse quence. The Lambs were folded as usual, and chose the wolf's position, that is to say the upper crossing. Are we to regard the deci sion oi this conference as final, or do we look for another ? At present the baker's business on the day preceding Good Friday is in the ascendant ; Bunn's crossing Beems all the go. An attempt was made to run down a quarry, Alderman Lightfoot, of course, saw no objec tion to Alderman Yates's motion, applying to the Government; for two acres of land for the purpose. The result of the discussion on the subject was nil ; worthy subject for ' Nothing ia the Papers.' Saturday. — The footpath and the roadway being so much alike ia Bolton-street — except that the former ia somewhat worse than the latter — and Mr. Ash's horse never having had the purpose of kerbstones explained to him— ia fact, ignoring the curb altogether — can it be wondered at, that when taking his trial gallop for the welter stakes, he should have blundered along the footpath. It fortunately happens that our Newcastle people invariably prefer the roadway for walking, in so much so, that they are recognised in Sydney by this peculiar idiosyncrncy ; consequently, no one was the worse for the bolt. There must have been a quarrel between Mr. Ash'a horse and another one, harnessed to a cab, and standing quietly outside the Ship Inn, for he made right at him, and knocked him down without making the slightest remark. Eventually he brought up, colliding with another horse stand ing in front of H. G. and Co.'s. Whatever the shafts may have been originally made of, the ash was left behind. — Great gathering of tho forces. The Larabton band was in town. The Artillery band went out to St. John's ground, by the rear of the city, playing o'er the hills and far away, escorted by a few artil lerymen. Major B — (not Bagstock) inspected the army, and was pleased to pronounce it good. The homeward march . was made through Hunter- street, and the National An them was played opposite the Court-house — to show that there was. no coolness, you know. — Tho Faning Memorial concert was attemp ted ia the evening, but hurry scurry being out of place, and trains waiting for no man, suc cess was out of the question. Meanwhile tho streets were crowded, the night being made hideous by the tintinabulation of the bellman : Ought not this to be beauma.nl — Our news vendor was frantic, crying in one breath Punch and the livening News (the day before's) at the low price of one penny, and Boyce and Co.'s grand gift distribution of a bolter's clothes. On show, a wonderful white bullock — nothing in it. Far more interest excited by Sydney Cheap John's vending a pair of Wel lington boots, a pnrse, a «ake of Windsor soap, three lead pencils, and a stick of tripe, all in one lot, for the ridiculously small sum of 7s. Gd. *'No wonder our tradespeople com plain ; why, Jacob himself could not beat this style of business. ; Monday — The blotting paper in the Small Debts Court was universally condemned. The Government, as usual, exercising their down on Newcastle, had provided Mr. B ? r with one small piece, blackened with ink, perforated by age. The Borough Council came to the rescue, and any amount of litigation was pro ceeded witb. Why should the passage in Gulliver's Travels have vexed the pilot staff? What is the true intent of a mean humbug ? Why should ghosts, permitted, for a term, to walk the earth, want liliputians to come out side and have their heads punched ? Brought under the notice of the Bench — Ellis's com mentary on the actions of the Wallace. — Charley could not, for the life of him, tell what honesty of purpose meant. — Sarey Gamp was there, and turned over a new leaf. — She had studied the Page of nature for three months, and then could not understand it, nor why her further services had been dispensed with. The value of a dead dog in Newcastle is £2. At home, when the carcass had been dressed and sold as mutton, the magistrates, beforo whom the case was laid, assessed the value at 3s. Mrs. Barry, in the other court, told one of the police force that ho did not know the difference between sacred and pro fane lenguage : on Sunday she had been bles sing — the constable took her in charge for cursing. — Mrs. Biirry retired to Stace's Hotel. The wind blew a hurricane, and tanks were jubilant. Bound came the evening ; together assembled the conscript fathers ; tho proceed ings, for the first hour or two, were omi nously quiet; the air of some of the aldermen presaged a thunder-storm; it was recommended that the Improvement Committee should go on doing — what they always havo done since I've known them — the city surveyor's duties ; and, Lord, Lord ! what a mess they have made of them. O wad some power the giftie gio us, To see oursels as others see us ! It wad frae mony a blunder frao us, And foolish notion. £72 cropped upj a perfect embarras de n cliesse; the youug alderman's guide to road making was read, and alderman Hall sug gested — which could not be done, delegas non delegare — that the money should be handed to the other municipals for expenditure. This little mistake must be accounted for by the fact that this alderman's forefathers appointed the solicitor to the borough. ' Reform your lawyer's bills' is to be the next double poster on the city hoardings. Mayor's; Bach Iiouso, Smitlio, virorum. How could you do it? It's a custom More honour'd in the breach, than the observance. Posthumous honors ain't much account, nor are self sought ones for that matter. There was a lamentable absenee of clean potato in the explanation. - ' Please.'sir, I didn't do it, I only stood by and approved of the boy's breaking the window,' would hardly hold good in a trial for an indictable offence ; it savours too much of the particeps criminis. Who wouldn't be a statue, when the niche stands Invitingly empty. A Bxed figure, for the time of scorn To point his slow unmoving finger at. I wouldn't; would you1? 'Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.' Should I be either of the three, well and good ! but I stop short at the market buildings. Heaven, shield me from presumption ! The Waratah Council sat, and after the transaction of the usual preliminary business, the aldermen con sidered tho report of the Waratah cum Larab ton conference. Alderman Turner 'didn't see it ; not much he didn't,' and I am not at all surprised. £100 to make a road as Alder man M'Michael stated, a hundred pounds worse than tho one previously decided on, does not appear a very commendable expenditure. How about the looking glasses 9 Chance for G — e B — n ' Wanted ; a poll-clerk.' Sin gular delusion : — Mr. S — tt aeems to have forgotten all about the Court of Petty Ses sions at Waratah. There has been so very much doing in our police court lately that most probably he has had no time to attend elsewhere. Draining on private property, a question as to fortnightly meetings — copying Newcastle again — and recognising certain errors in the valuation book closed the meet ing. The gale was not gallant. It assaulted Lady Emma, destroyed her beauty, and tore her stays to pieces. — I had almost forgotten the nomination of on alderman to fill the extraordinary vacancy caused by Oswald's retiring. One candidate was absent, the other, present, fell foul of the Mayor, and exalted his own character by traducing, muni cipally, bis opponents. The Mayor waa thanked for hia impartiality — to one, and a poll day was appointed. Tuesday : A gun ; yet another, and then two more broke on the gale. Newcastle poured into ita streets. What's up ? Pretty Polly ''Hopkins on the Oyster Bank1} leal Worse' than that though : The Catherine'a ; stranded on the Nine-mile Beach. A.way, ' ; life boats ! The Southland is ready for, i and hundreds are watching, you. Six miles, in the hour, in the teeth of half a gale ? and then for a dash at the breakers. There are ten men. in deadly peril in that dissolving biirquc. Down, kellick, and pay out line! Keep her steady. Never mind that comber. \ Ah! thete's a smotherer; three oars on the j port side gone ; two steer oais broken. Stick j to her, my lads ! One, two — nine saved ! , ?, Where's the tenth? Battling in thesurffordear life — almost' ' exhausted. Bravo, youngster ! you skin's dark, but your heart's blood is red! : Take care, my lad ! Too late ; that piece of ; wreck was one to many for you ! You must return ; your noble attempt frustrated ! None the less do you deserve credit, though Sullivan, more fortunate, succeeds where you failed. All honour to you, Sullivan ! Without you that shipwrecked seaman was lost ! That , morning's doings will long be remembered in ! Newcastle. What, if unable to get out to sea again with your life boat, you had to beach her, every life was saved. You, crew of that boat, did your duty like men, and one of your number walked iuto town with his life-belt on. Tho poor old barque did not long survive ; she ' was sold for £20 just about the time she waa going to pieces. The court was unusually busy, and the neck-tie got pretty far round before the day's proceedings closed. Two rather important cases had to be adjourned. The general committee of the hospital met. I was delighted to find, by the report presented, that the institution was flourishing, and that our good folks were evidently determined to do their duty to suffering humanity, the want of Government encouragement notwithstanding. Wednesday. — News arrived that a Little Wonder was on show ai Darlinghuvst — Beer's Pond was delighted. I wish J. D. K. Z.'s victim had been provided with another seat in the bake-house ; the B ? r could not see him, for he was hidden by the witness box, but 1 and Charley did, and he gave na fits — Junkety paddles was a fool to it. I've often found hoppers in badly cured hams, but they are not, as a rule, found in clergymen's houses. When they are, aud tho police hunt them up, . they manage to escape. How did C — y ascer tain who was in the Miner's Arras t C ? y, C ? y ! beware of dyspepsia, hot rolls dis- ? agree with the aged. In the evening a meet ing of tho Newcastle Cricket Club was held, and it was decided to commence tho season with a match between married and single. 1 always thought the law treated this sort of match as bigamy, but perhaps the club have special license. Thursday was a comparatively tame day. In fact, I don't know what, to say about Thursday, unless it bo that an evident disin clination was shown by G ? 1 D — sp — r to call a meeting of the council — funny, ' too ; there are one or two most important notices of motion in possession of the Town Clerk. The BurrowcH Council ought to meet to con sider them. What about tho Water Com mittee, appointed some eight months ago ? We Newcastellans are troubled, like the ancient mariner, Water, water everywhere, and not a drop to drink. I shall be glad to hear that the Jolly Young Waterman, who has stirred in the matter, has been successful in his endeavours. Gone ; stole away ; a shocking bad Lot. One bell the less ; all the more noise for the Belle Poule to make. Friday. — The life hoat returned to port. A deserter, the first, from the Permanent Force, gave himself up, and was remanded to Sydney. His name appeared in the Hue and Cry as Thomas Elliot.- This is a bad beginning. Ia the Police Court I heard of a strange barter ? rotten eggs for stones. Pillows wanted for two, while the stage of rottenness is discussed. Thrice blessed Murphy ! how soft your arms! how pleasant to repose in ! five-and-twenty minutes before a fine of 5a. was inflicted ! Shall I not take mine ease in my court? Are those, who have the misman agement of the ventilation of the court in their hands, in league with the doctors ? Draughts in court first, draughts in bed afterwards. When I want to take cold, I'd rather do it mine own way. Would not you ? The Ice was nearly broken, and had to go to the hos pital, aud our charming young friends, the imbeciles, arrived, Oh ! don't I wish 1 had got a fat contract for them. These telegrams are very annoying, it is raining cats and dogs in Jervis Bay, already full of water, and my tanks are still athirst. No news yet about the Polly Hopkins. It might have been better had she been towed in on Tuesday lust. What has taken Giant Despair to Sydney ? To morrow, instead of going to church, I expect he'll be studying the front of the Town HalL Not the best way of passing Sunday bythe way. How about the Waratah election return? 'Pears, t'ain't settled yet, though to me tbe matter is one of indifference. Well done G— e B — n, I've hopes of both of us yet. Another session or two of regular attendance at Borough Council meetings and we'll send Saint Julians' relics to rest with tho 1 1,000 virgins at Cologne. Notice ! — G ? e B ? n, teacher of aldermanics, in all its branches. Mayors carefully trained, and Council Clerks developed. Full particulars can be obtained within five minutes' walk of the Mayor any time bo is in town. I have just heard of a magnificent score, made this day by Sergeant T — yl — r of 'ours.' Being a member, and an energetic one to-boot, of the fire brigade, he should fire well: All par ticulars can be ascertained on application to himself. ? A Woman Attacked by a Bear. — On Wednesday afternoon a married woman named Sheepwash, was witnessing the arrangements fov Footill's circus exhibiting in Favershara, when she was attacked by a huge performing bear, and seriously injured. The animal was going out of the cage, and got the full length of tho tether, when springing upon his hind legs, he thrust his paws upon her back, pierc- . ing her shawl and dress, and tearing a deep wound below the left shoulder. The poor woman is expecting her confinement, and it is feared the effeot of the attack will be serious. 