ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHURCH. Three sermons in connection with the anniversary s-rvices were de-ivered in the Bible Christian Church, Young-street, on Sunday, August 27, the Rev. T. Allen (Bible Christian) officiating in the morning, the Bev. F. W. Cox (Congregationalist) in the afternoon, and the Bev. W. L. Binks (Wesleyan) in the even ing. On Monday tea and public meetings were held, and at each meeting there was averylaige attendance. Air. S. J. Way was the Chairman at the public meeting. In commencing the pro ceedings he explained that there was a debt on the church of £600, £500 of which thty had at an easy rate of interest— about 5 per cent. — but on the balance the interest was 7 or 8 per cent. When he considered what had been accomplished by their denomination — a denomination, having no pretensions to social status or wealth — he was filled with wonder and gratitude. They had paid £50,000, the bare c-sts of chapels alone, and taking into consideration debts, &c;, they had raised £70,000 or £80,000 for schools, meeting-houses, and chapels, and their gross debt did not exceed £9,000 or £10,000. (Ap plause.) He did not refer to this to induce a feeling of pride ; but, he pointed out, they should take encouragement from the achieve ments of the past, and go on hopeful with re gard to the futuie. He then referred to the earnest labors of William Gray, a Cornish miner, in the work of church extension, and said if they were only actuated by the same zeal and earnest spirit which characterised William Gray, they would not have a debt on their church long. In conclusion he alluded to the season of prosperity which had been enjoyed in this colony — a season in which they had been favored more than some other countries during the past twelve months— and pointed out the justice of their acknowledging the benefits conferred upon them by Providence in their offerings that evening. The financial Secretary (Mr. Blatchford) read the balance sheet, from which it appeared that the receipts during the past year had been £115 10s. 8cL, and. the expenditure £139 15s. 2d., leaving a balance due to the Treasurer on the year's transactions of £23 4s. 6d. It was explained that one of the payments during the past year was. £50 towards the reduction of the principal, which left the Church in debt, including the balance due on the year's tran sactions, £623 4s. 63. The Rev. T. Allen having made a few observations respecting the financial position, of the Church, said they not only wanted to be out of debt, but they wanted to see their Churches filled ' with the Holy Ghost. This was the only way in which they could expect to secure happiness here and en^ ?joyment hereafter, and in proportion to their rise in the Spirit of Christ was their rise in true and lasting prosperity. He had heard some persons expressing a, wish for the 'good old times,' as they called them, the times of 50 years ago ; but with all our drawbacks' in the present day, he would npt like to see the periods changed. He believed that the Church would soon answer the endto which she wascalled, that sinners would be converted, and that they would speedily see Christ's glorious mission accom plished. The Rev. T. James followed. Having made a few remarks respecting Wm. Gray, the energetic person referred to by the Chairman, he said, he 'did not altogether agree with Mr. Allen. He thought they were inclined to satisfy themselves with the idea that bur days were much better than those of 50 years ago, pocket the' satisfaction, and test contented. ;Still he did not think their days were worse -thai those of 50 or 500 years ago. It was said that the .brighter a light was the darker the 'shade it ^hrew,~ and there were some contrasts in' their civilization, improvements, and Chris tianity' that 'were' n6t'yery pleasant to -con- template. He believed in God; he believed that God sustained the world; that He knew how to govern it.; and that-being a redeemed world, it was not going backwards. He_ thought that the occurrences in connection with European history during the last two years were for the most part calculated to encourage the person who put his trust in the' power and goodness of God, and especially for the man who had life and understanding in Him, So thought ^bt could^iot fall' to %e^6€na^^^ena-^WEf'P&praT;^ was ? «lrawing:-nighi ?'?^A/'great cry^ was ? made ojE Atlieism in Ttaly,-G«rrttany;«nd':France ; but although there-were :«6mei founfl apiongst then* bad,' he ? confessed' 'h.e'~iionbred-;them: huh* thanthose ?who4teld:t64'what*was not a faith!, i but a superstition. It was faith, however^ which: they wekted— living faith j not faith in \ Tags, not In : material ftmctioh and 'political1 power.-;'notfaithln nunrbersT,'-but=faith inGod^ ' in spirit, and in life ; that the knowledge of God might, spread so that the: kingdoms 'of this world would become the kingdoms '-of God ; and' of His-Christ. He believed that just in prof ' portion as there ;was a disintegrationiof this! superstition,- the tuaterials of it which had ooii-i ' stituted the Roman Catholic organization, as - they were broken down by the power and might : of God, would be laid1 hold of -by Him andedn^ ' verted to His own usS. He believed the spirit of God was amongst them, 'thatlt was going tin working from day to day, and thai men's souls were being lifted up through its efficacy and' agency, and that they were verging on the times promised in God's record j they wtre coming into the light of the latter day, and that before lohg^ the spirit of Jesus Christ would be felt' throughout the earth. (Applause.) The Chairs man expressed the pleasure he felt at hearing ' Mr. James'seloquent speech, and also -at noticing ministers from1 'other denominations present; thus showing the evangelical character of the ? meeting.' The Tiev. Ai Scales remarked that the tone the meeting had' taken- was that of a comparison between' the times how and] those of an earlier period. With regard to this he pointed' that in the' present day bo$h ministers and people had more occupation than ' they had 50 years ago, and 'that they lived in a ; season of activity. But he thought it would be - admitted that no Ghtistian society or as semblage merely met for their -own profit— that : no congregation was 'gathered together to listen to eloquence, or to be impressed by the power of human intelligence or human oratory alone. And; they saw now that the duty , of the whole Christian Church was no 'more ?than the duty' of each individual member ; that God's work was iiat 3one by 'proxy. = (Applause.) The Chairman intimated, with regard to the times, that, he preferred the pre- : sent period, with its electric telegraph, rail- ( roads, liberty, and freedom of opinion and speech. A collection was then 'made. Sub scriptions were also taken, and in this manner £72 was raised in 15 minutes. The total pro ceeds of the services amounted t'o about £95; The meeting closed 'with votes of thanks to the ' various persons who had assisted during the services, including the choir, whose aid during : the evening was much and justly appre ciated. ' ? 