fyltn unit MtkfytB, YHE HAUNTED ROCK. (BeTgrdviti.) (Concluded.) Palsied with horror, I stood leaning „h„ir to which I had clang for 'on every nerve Strained ih •Smsed expectation of a renewal of the disturbance; but mmute alter Lute went'by, marked by the'sdund If the revolving lights, and all remained Is still as the grave. Little by little 1 recovered power over my thoughts, and sat down, trying to account for 'the scene I had just gone through. Could any joke have been upon played me ! That Hardly seemed possible, for I had •barred and lofcked the door myself, and the key still hung besifle me. I could scarcely bring myself -to believe it was anything supernatural, fori had 'been all my life a sceptic as to Buch things; but how to account for the "Scuffling in the room close by me? I at length became more emboldened by the perfect quiet that reigned-, and got out my-revolver and loaded it carefully., •and summoning up all the resolution I possessed, determined to goUotvn a'fid examine the cellars where 'the hoises had apparently begun and «nded. Taking a closed lantern in otie hand -and my revolver in the other, I cautiously descended the stair, looking around and behind.me, I mustcpnfess, with fear and trembling. ; ..Nothing 'extraordinary was, however, visible; the door was barred and fastened I 1ind left it, and all the things that lay ; about were in precisely the same positions as when I had seen them last. Not a. sound was to be heard but the dadh of tire waves, which broke upon the walls arouttdand above toe now. I was somewhat rieassured by finding everything as I had left it on coming m; but as I. prepaid to dcscend the lower winding ^tairs^. leading lo -the "cellars,. Lfdt J |£|n£otherefi sensation upon my chest, pnainy heart beat so loud that it woiiH-haveTjeen Audible to any due standing-. near. Down the narrow stair . 1-., went 1 cautiously, the air becoming colder at every step, while the light that camfe from the lamp showed that the walls tyere dank with moisture, and covered with fungoid growths. When I arrived at the bottom, I found myself opposite a strongly-built door, not apparently fastened. The clammy sweat rolled down my face, and it was some tainutes before 1 "could summon up enough courage 'to thrust the door open with my foot. Holding the lan-. tern forward, but almost dreading to see what its light might reveal, I found that two or three steps led a doton to a large cellar, made apparently in the rock itself. The walls, like those surrounding the stair, were drippiiig with moisture, and a peculiar earthy sickly odour seemed to taint the air; but, with the exception of some billets of wood, a chopper, and a large hammer thrown into a corner, the place was perfectly *mpty. I satisfied myself that there was no outlet to it; and batting the door as best I could, returned to.the watch-room slightly relieved in mind, hut more puzzled than ever to account for the scene I had gonfe thtQUgh an hour before. I passed the remainder of ™night iri the "lantern;" and may no one ever know such wretched hours as dragged their weary length along till datm! Out of the chaos of thoughts that went whirling through my brain, I Determined that, as soon as daybreak released me from my Watch, I would instantly g0 on shore and inform the oacerof the coastguard of the whole ana*. At about eight o'clock I securely mstened up the place, lowered the boat and taking advantage of the light wind jailed on shore, and went straight up , coastguard station, and asked to ee the officer. The meh gathered, I mn k > ™ . my haggered looks and flurried manner, that I had something important to communicate; and one of them took me at once to the officer's cottage, which was not far distant. Mr. Thomson, who commanded the Coastguard, was a man of about thirtythree years of age. He had been a lieutenant in the navy, afid was on halfway. BeiiVg without private means, and seeing no immediate prospect of active employment, he had petitioned and petitioned the Admirafty until they had given him his present appointment; and the men who served under him said there w&Siibt; h brtiver or a better officer in the whole service. After I had told my story exadtly ds the circumstances which gave rise to it jI occurred, Mr. Thomson gave me a keen searching glance, and very abruptly asked me what stories the man I had relieved had been putting in my head. I replied, ftone; that he was very urncbmmunicative, and \Vouldhardly give any reason lor leaving, except that rt the life w&s; so diill. Very well," was the quidk answer; " I'll give you a man to stay a feW days. Some one has been ho&xing; you, or, more likely still, you've dreamt the whole affair. Here, Wilson, *you must go off to the lighthouse fcrr a few'days; this man here thinks he's been hearing /ghosts, or some nonsense of that sort, Out yonder. You'd better go with him, and show him what rubbish it is;' for , I think you fear neither man hot devil;. 1 '' " Well, sir," was the tfegly,' "as regards the devil, I never came athwart hip hawse yet, thafik God J but I do hope, by the aid of. a fair conscience, as 1 shouldn't miss Stays ff I did." " Very well," was the reply, " that's settled* Wttson will keep you company for a fe«v duys, and I hope I shall hear no more of the matter. No doubt you had ti bad nightmare; and I'd recomuietfd you to keep a sharper eye aftfer your lamps, and then it won't occur again.' That'll d'o.' With this curt decision we were dismissed, and Wilson (who happened to be the maiitp whom I had spoken twi my first arrival) and I strolled to his cottage to get what things he required while with me. Oil my way I re-told my stbVy; and although he was evidently "incredulous as to its beiilg anything but a dream } he asked itie to say nothing of it to his wife, who was very poorly. Ill's wife evidently did Aot relish his going, but'therfe was no diso T beying the orders he had received; so, after having our dinner at his cottage, we returned together to the lighthouse. Everything was in its place as I had left it, and wlheii we explored the cellar together, the same fastenings were upon the door that I had placed there the night before. However, we now ntilled it closely up ; and the evening, ettlivened by Wilson's sea yarns, passed qViickly enough aWay till twelve o'clock, without anything occurring; and after that we agreed to take alternate twohour watches in the " lantern." Not & sound broke the stillness all night; and as we sat down together to breakfast in thle nlorning, I received th6 bantering of my companion upon my dream, as he called it, with an uncomfortable sensation of having made a fool of myself. Ttie days passed away thus till Thursday, not a single event occurring out of the common, and I had by this time thoroughly persuaded myself that I had fallen asleep and dreamt all the horrors about which I had made such a stir. Towards noon on that day, a boat came off with a message for Wilson, to the effect that his wife had' had a bad epileptic fit the night before: and whs then very ill. I could not offer any opposition to his departure under such circumstances, and had even sd well recoVered my ordinary nerve, that when he asked me if he should send another man, I said no all the noises I had heard must havfe been the effect of • imagination, and I was quite content to remain alone. So he went off. Friday, and Friday night, past quietly enough, and on Saturday morning I was obliged to go oil shore to get some provisions I wanted. I was doubtful at first whether 1 would go, as the day was dark and louring, with heavy banks of leaden looking clouds to windward, which betokened a coming gale. However, I determined to risk it, and make as much haste I could; and taking advantage of the Wind (now rising every minute) was only away about two hours. On rffy return, 1 made all due preparations f6r a stormy night, doubly barring the doors and putting battens on all the lower windows. After the lamps were lighted, I stood for some time at one of the windows above, I watching the warring of the elements. The black scud flew across the heavens as though rushing in tgrrcfr from the fierce wind that howled across the waters, and the sea seemed turned into a gigantic cauldron of seething foam, save when, like monsters arising from the deep, the huge black waves met each other with a furious roar, the fo&my; atoms into which they dashed themselves glistening in the murky ilighl,.till swcSpt aw£y by the wind. The scene was a grand one; but, with,a feeling of compassion for all in distress at sea that night, 1 turned to the more congenial view of my bright 'little fire, beside which I now sat d'&wn; .and smoked till teft, arousiftg myself at that hour to write a letter of some importance to mv brother. The subject upoh which I was engagtedhad reference to some accounts which I had examined for him some time before, and respecting Which he had Written to me. The letter ri'&cessarily; contained a quantity of figures, ind I Was so deeply engaged upon them, that I paid no heed to the flight of time, till, with a sense of horror amounting almost to sickness, I heard the sound of oaths and blows emanating from the cellar,. A moment's pause, and the fodtstep I had heard before ascended tire stairs; and as I crouched into a corner, with eyes dilated and every hair upon inylieiid moving in my agony of , terror, the sound of scuffling commenced close by me, though, as before, not- a thing was visible. Again- the sounds appeared to descend the stair; 'again, above the howling of the Wind and the roar of the waves, arose the agonised entreaty, " George, George ! for God's sake doh't murder me !" flow I passed the remainder of that night, I hardly know. Nothing riiore occurred ; but I was so unstrung by what I had for the second time heard, that I remained, Heaven knows how long, crouching by my bed side, muttering incoherent prayers, and in a state of hysterical fear which almost bereft me of my senses. With the first streak of dawn I prepared to go on shore, at great risk to myself; for though the sea had been somewhat beaten down by a heavy fall of rain, it was still much too rough to be safe for a small boat with only one man to manage it. However, I got safely on shore, and instantly went direct to IVIr. Thomson's cottage, and told him what had. taken place for the second time. This id Very strange, my man," he said, eyeing me with no particular favour. " This thing happened lo you when you were alone before. I give you a man I can trust in, and nothing takes place while he is there; but the moment his back is turned, you come to me with a cock and bull story, which I tell you candidly I don't believe." replied that hie might believe it or not, as it pleased him ; that I had told him nothing but the truth; and begged to be allowed to give up my situation at once, as, I said, no earthly consideration Would induce me to pass a night alone again ih the lighthouse. He looked hard at me for a moment, and then said, " Of course, it is your own fancy; but something has evidently frightened you. I will try you once more, and get Wilson to stay with you this next week; and next Saturday night I will myself come off and stay with you." We went down together to Wilson's cottage; and although his wife was still very unwell, Mr. Thompson got him to agree to come off with me at once, and stay the next week, and on Saturday he himself would join us. We returned to the lighthouse at once, Wilson in no very good temper, and evidently thinking me a cowardly fool, or that I was hoaxing him. When we got off, he insisted on going down to the cellar with me. Everything was as he had left it, save that the dbor, which he had fastened with long nails,was ajar, the UaUs seeming to have been 'ivrenched from the wood! I at once assured my companion that I had never been down the Steps since he, was with me. He heard me in silence, but with evident incredulity; and together we fastened up the door in such a manner that nothing short of sledgehammers would open it, and returned to the watch-room. The dayfe and nights went quickly by, nothing occurring to alarm or disturb us in the slightest degree. Wilson recovered his good temper on hearing thht his wife (to whom he was much attached) was much better, and proved himself, as before, a most entertaining companion. At about four o'clock on Saturday afternoon Mr. Thomson came off, and aSked us banteringly what we had 'heard. i The reply, of crfurse was, " Nothing." "Nor 'ever will," was the answer. "However, I'll look out with y©u to night." He then questioned me. closely upon the exact situation and 'description of sounds £ had heard, and minutely examined the whole place. The fastenings of the cellar door, were not removed, but ata additional padlock put on as also on the lighthouse doto. Mr. Thomson then said that, as the sounds appeared to begin and end in the cellar, towards eleven o'clock We would post ourselves armed with revolvers, opposite the door, and wait the event. I certainly did not much religh the prp&pect;, but the other two soe&ljd.CSQOI; and confident^' • that I coiltd make, no demur. We passed ; a pleasant evening in the Watch-roon), till* at" twenty minutes to ele'Ven, the revolvers ;Wer,e carefully looked to, and, with a large ship's lantern throwing out a brilliant, light, , we descended the spiral stair irt a bddy, and hanging up the light, Waited what might ensue. It was a very, calm night, atid the gentle ripple of the waves against the rock was barely audible, andsoprofound was the dead silence, that we could hear the slow monotonous ticking of the clock in the watch-room. As we stood arid waited, we knfew not for what, id almost the foundations of that lonesome building, the minutes seemed like hours, as we eyed each other and the damp grim walls around. Suddenly the little bell of the clock in my room rang out eleven, and during the minute or two that ensued we held our breaths in expectation. All at once the struggling and oaths commenced close to us in the cellar. The words were audible now—" Down, d—n you down !" in harsh rough tones, intermingled with heavy blows and feeble moans for mercy. Suddenly, before our very faces, the door which we had fastened so carefully flew open, and the step went by us as we crouched back almost into the very wall. The struggling now sounded up in- the watch-room, and then again seemed coming nearer to us, step by step, as if a heavy body was being lifted down the stair. I glanced at my companions; they were both ashy pale, but seemed calm and resolute. The steps came nearer, and again passed into the cellar; and again the wild cry of '< George; George! for God's sake don't murder me I" rang out close by; and as the words died away, a vision appeared-before us, the horror of which, even at this lapse of time, makes me shut my eyes in dread. By the light of a pale lambent flame that seemed to spring from every part of the cellar; we saw the dead body of a man lying -on the ground, the face and head so battered and covered with blood as to make the features undistinguishable. Over it stood a woman in her night dress, her arms extended as if to ward off a blow, while from a gaping wound in her throat the blood poured down in torrents. I remember the agonised entreaty visible in the large blue eyes, and the rippling masses of golden hair contrasting; strongly with Hie blood covered bosom—but no more; for I fell insensible. When I came to, I found myself in bed, and so deplorably weak that I could barely turn round. I had been nearly dying, it afterwards turned out, from an attack of brain fever, brought on, the doctor said, by over mental excitement. It appeared, on after inquiry, that the vision scarcely lasted a moment after I became insensible; that Mr. Thomson and Wilson, who had retained their senses, although terribly alarmed, had carried me upstairs, when finding that I only roused out of my insensibility to become delirious, I had been removed to the hospital, where I had remained ever since. Mr. Thomson was so much impressed by what he had witnessed, that he determined to have thelighthouse thoroughlysearched; and next day, taking a large party and plenty of lights, the cellar was closely investigated, and the hammer which lay in the corner found to be covered with blood and human hair. Close by the wall, and, as nearly as they could judge, below where the vision had appeared, a large stone had been apparently recently moved, and Mr. Thomson determined to take it up. This was done; and after removing a quantity of loose sand, the decomposing bodies of a man and woman were discovered exactly as they had appeared to us—the woman in her night dress with her throat cut, and the man with the skull horribly fractured and the face beaten in. The remains were identified as the wife of the late keeper, and the son of a neighbouring farmer, who used to be a good deal at the lighthouse. Information was at once given to the police of the discovery of the double murder, as no doubt it was, and a strict search was instituted after the late keeper. It was months before he was traced, and then only found almost on his deathbed. Before he died, however, he confessed the crime with which he was charged, and even described how it was committed. It appeared that he had long suspected his wife of too close an intimacy with a young man in the neighbourhood, and one Friday night, while on shore, received what, to his jealous mind, was a confirmation of his suspicions, and frenzied with rage, determined to have revenge. The next night he contrived to get the young fellow off to the lighthouse 5 and after plying him with drink till he was almost insensible, he dragged him to the cellar, and dispatched him with repeated blows of a sledge hammer. Maddened with brandy, and now determined to complete his vengeance, he rushed upstairs and dragged his wife down from her bed; and showing her the mangled remains of her supposed . lover, cut her throat, in spite of her entreaties and declarations of innocence. Fearing lest the sea should reveal the crime, he buried the bodies in the cellar, and taking a few valuable articles to divert suspicion, fled the spot. Even while in the throes of that death which defeated the ends of justice, he declared that by day and night his wife had haunted him, and that, from the hour in which he had done the deed, to the time he had confessed it, he had never known one moment's peace. Philosophers may account for the scenes I have related, or learnedly disprove them, as they please; I only know that, from being an utter unbeliever in the supernatural, I have now got so much faith in.it, that, though my present way of life is quite unconnected with the sea, I never hear the plash of the waves without recalling with a reminiscent shudder the hours I passed on the " Haunted Rock." 