at the present time for the redemption of the JIaribyrnong Stud, for -where, at not for those Acfes where would it be? Another thing worthy of note is, that up to the 'pre- sent time we have never seen anything tome out of the Maribyrnong Stnd that has toasted of an aged career on the turf, tut if ever there can or will be an animal so dis tinguished from this much 'vaunted stud' it will be the Argus Scandal. Honestly speaking, he'is the most 'scientifically' bred animal that ran during the meeting. Of course I am aware the mating of Lady Heron with the Ace was a great tiuke, for the simple reason that had she been then considered one of the best she would (if circumstances had not interfered) have gone t© something else. As it is, Argus Scandal affords an illustration of the true principles of breeding in and iQ. to good stout strains of blood. In this colt the excellencies of the Whalebone and Trump lines have shown to advantage, as they have done on several occasions on the English turf. To sum up the facts of the meeting, I believe a grander quartette both for looks and performances never graced Flemington before than the Irish King, The Ace, King;of the Ring, and Argus Scandal; and they are all sons of the lamented Ace of ' Clubs. Here endeth the Metropolitan chapter. The provincial meetings are also mines of in terest to the well-wihhers of the Adelaide cracks; Vut before I proceed, allow me to inform your rentiers that the Ace of dubs stands second on the list of winning sires, with nothing over three years old to do battle for him. Still it's no disgrace for him to tread in the tjrand footsteps of New Warrior, who heads ihe list, by appropriating the Cup. To see little LagjUog taking a nobbier, and afterwards throw jKrmud m thfl eves °f his opponents in the TJendigo Handicap, was a treat. The Sandhurst Cup, of two miles and a distance, brought to light another animal who is fond of his drop— JY.ctor. He and Lapdogare said to be troubled with the white feather, but they ran first and second— Pnetor, who won, carrying 6 st. 8 lbs. ; J^ipdog,* 7 st. 13 lbs., both aged. No disgrace, you know, to be beaten under the circumstances. .Ballarat I thought would have clipped every thing, seeing that the two cracks were engaged in every- respect on equal terms, The Ace, if any thing, having the advantage in the distance. J was prepared to see the Ace-of Clubs colts run away from the lot and make an exceedingly close thing of it; but, alas! my hopes were disap pointed, for there was a screw loose in His ' Majesty. He was reported broken down ; but the Wf.tkly Times found out that it was not so, for it was only the ligaments of the back tendons that were a little swollen. In the name of the prophet, I wonder what could befall him worse .' From what I hear it is not quite so bad :is that ; still it was bad enough. There would feave been little cause for surprise had The King broke down altogether, considering the way he knocked his legs about in the Queen's Plate. , For most part of the way he was looking quite in the opposite direction to that he was going. Davis pulled him round to such a degree that he could have rested his head on the toe of his Loot. In fact, both the colts got more knocking about at Flemington than any other two horse j that ran there, excepting those that could not keep on their legs. This shews that the Ace of Clubs was very likely to perpetuate a lot of tough 'uns. As it is I cannot decide on the relative merits of the two colts, and I demur to the assertion given without proof of ' Augur' in the Australasian that The Ace is the best colt in the land. I don't think he has any better means of judging than others, and I am sure no one can tell for a certainty. It is not for the sake of argument, or with a view of nobbing The Ace of his glory, that I object to the hasty con clusion 'Augur' has arrived at, for if there l»e one animal above another that com mands . my partial interest The Ace is he. But there are many things in which the Mel bourne critics require a deal of instruction for all their arrogance. But to return to Ballarat, 3Ir. Ryan's Pickpocket (who is well named) was the first to do battle for Adelaide, and ran a respectable second in the Telegraph Stakes. Lapdog failed to get a situation in the Cup. Traveller, by Mr. Baker's Lucifer, won the Sel ling Steeplechase of 75 sovs., The Ace following him up by carrying off the Ballarat Handicap with great ease, the whip being kept going as a. matter of course, beating his mate from i'ewsey Vale (Lapdog), and all the crack flyers ?if the day— New South Wales included, mind — and the fastest time on record in Australia too. Doubts are expressed about the time being correct, or the course short, and I began to fancy something1 was wrong, but on mature con sideration I find it is the fastest course iu the colonies from its slight falb and rises added to the adamant state of the ground, for it was as hard as a brickbat; and that was a sood tester lor the colt's legs after the severe work he did over FlemingtQn. Then to keep the name up mid the ball a rolling Kingfisher went in and won the Selling Stakes of 50 sovs.. There's no mistake about the Pewsey Vale bred ones. 1 ?mly hope Mr. Gilbert has lots more like those he has sent into the field. Nothing more oeeurcd at Ballarat that needs auy comment from me except that The Monk, who had had a turn of- bad luck this time, came dowu on Tothill rather heavily, but, I am happy to sriiy, without at 'all impeding Harry's progress at' the Race-ball in the evening. To sum up the whole matter, we may squabble about fast time, the fastest horse, and the best bred 'un, and all that; but to whom is Victoria indebted for such colts as the Ace of Clubs has jnven her? To whom is South Australia in debted for such colts as the Ace of Clubs has given her also.' A colt that has gone and beaten all the flyers of Victoria and New South Wales, giving them all weight' into the bargain, hails from- the Pewsy stud, South Australia. But I. again say to whom is all this honour- due but to Mr. W. Gerrard, the plucky importer of the Ace of Clubs, Talk o' the Hill, and Tregeagle. Too much praise cannot be awarded to him and to . JMr. Thomas Jordan, his stud groom, who went home antt purchased the horses for Mr. Gerrard. ? These are the gentlemen we all have to thank tor the cracks of the period. I am certain every one must feel gratified at the doings of theso cracks so far, and if all goes-well we shall hear of them again by-and-by. SPORTING, CHE ADELAIDE 'CRACKS' IN VICTORtA. IBtUnoWo. v The 'roll of ages' brings us close up to th~9 end of 1871, and, to ray mind, a paper thatdoea not teem with lots of ' Turf gossip,' by way of ' Christmas board.*' is like an etrcr without wilt Un this account I take upon myself to offer you a few remarks on the- subject fully-described on the heading, l feel sure that Soutli Australians are gratified over the doings of their 'cracks', this season. That reproach which has stuck to the name of an Adelaido horse so long has at last been virtually wiped out, and tho 'Adelaide duffer' is a scornful appellation that henceforth will ha inappropriate. The horses from tho South have shown 'great form,' both in flat-aod cross country races, since little Lapdog gave thu natives a treat in last year's Cup, and now that, tne Adelaide star is in tho ascendant we may hope it will not fade, till in its turn South Aus tralia has appropriated a few of the good tkiiu?s» i to be had in the sister colonies. 1 don't think I need go further back than the Victorian Derby Day with my sketch. Kingfisher, bred by Mr. Gilbert, opened, and I may say, closed the meeting for tho Adelaida division by sporting silk in the Hotham and Free Handicaps, where he got a pair of spectacles to his name. The Irish King, bred by Dr. Bathe, of Graham's Castle, was the next to throw in, and it is true H^ showed immense form for nothing as it wereV Stanley riding iu his very worst style. A real ▼ Johnny Wapstraw could have done as well with the horso as ho did. There are no two opinions about it, I say with the crowd, that Irish King ought to have been installed as tUa winner of the Victorian, Derby for 1871. Thorn is one thing about this Derby that beats mo completely, and that is how a musquito of a mare like Miss Jessie could carry the weight iu the time given. Some mistake somewhere L fancy. The Maribyrnoug Plate brought out tureo youngsters by the late Ace of Clubs. They had it all their own way, and tho Argus Scandal, who won with the King of the Ring second, showod very good form. The time, however, giveu(l nani. 6 sec.) I have reasons to doubt. Beforo going further, it may be as well to state that ou tho Derby Day I lost nothing beyond a wish, and, in fact, all the meeting through I oamo off scot free, therefore you ma]r understand that I can look on my book with complacency. My remarks are not influenced by ill humour, and 1 am quite free to deal justly with all. Between the Derby Day and the Oup all was confusion and mystery, and queer yarns got abroad. There was something about a Thompson confederacy, a ghost swindle, anil a King swindled; but the- Cup Day caina fit last) and all who had an interest in tlia fortune of- tho game to be played lookotl serious indeed. The muster was something to ,-be. remembered, for the different modes that people adopted of getting there and back won* worthy of study. The . raUway was the thing though, for trains went and carao as regular as clockwork. Might not tho Adelaido Courso ba carried down somewhere by tho Bay, so that you could- train it,' for that is the proper ' preparation for the races\ Somehow 40,000 got to Flemington without difficulty, and found places too. Once on the course one is lost — perfectly bewildered, that is if ho has no other business than sight- seeing. I got lost looking at one thing and another. There was only ona strip of dear ground, and the defenders of thu peace, rigged out iu their best suit of blue, hail their work cut out to keep it so. I could sea first one silk jacket, then another, come out iut» this space and canter past the Stand for tho ladies to admire' and the gents to criti cise. At last an old ? stager, looking as grave as you please, riding an old 1 scrubber, and holding a, piece of rag oa tha : end of a long stick, took tho fiery steeds under : his charge and put them in line across tha course. At last the cry 'They're off' is hoard, as the signal . that the first event of the great day is proceeding. It is the Maiden Plate, an! Adelaide looks up a bit, for her reprosontaiivo carries of! the stoke in a common canter, boating the Derby winner, Miss Jessie, just as ho liked. The winner was eagerly scanned by tho crowd, and not till that moment did the public iu general understand what a severe loa* tho Aco of Clubs was to the country. All through tho vast multitude could be hoard expressions of regret at tho loss of the grandost looking sire the country ever possessed. The general lament was — 'Another Aco of Clubs; what a. pity . the, old horse ,w dead.' But to talk thus is like scarifying an old wound; so I will drop tho subject, and proceed with the Cup race, which you all know was a real astonishcr. Fancy 100 to 1 going a 'begging.' Adelaido had first favourite iu Lapdog, but when the secret came out Romula, took his place at the head of the list. Adelaide had another string to her bow in tho Irian King, which was cilotod verv well in the raco hv n bit; of a 'green stable-boy; but that he got jammed in, he vows ho could liavo altered tuo result, and tho way in which he cut down his horses at the finish almost justifies tho statoraent. One thing is quite certain, ho did not come witli a wet sail, as the Daily Telegraph put it, other wise how could the dispute for third place av'vto between him and Saladin, for it is well known the latter had a clear lead' coming past the Stand. The Irish King must have been coming, as Tom Brown remarked when ho passod him on Little Dick, like a olap , of ? thunder, to hava bpaten Saladin by a, neck. The greatest f aaturo after, flip Cup was won and lost ,was the tran.s formation scene, enacted by wha| they call tho ThonVpsbri ponfedcracy Troupe.' TJio principal actor, as you wer6 informed by tho A uilralasian, was the ''man in brilliants,' commonly known as 'The King of the Ring.' Well, tho Cup of 1871 is over, and Mr. Tait is agaiu tho luokjr owner of this envied prize. The mysteries, the plots, and the air-castles lie has upset are some thing quite astounding. The Flying Stakes brought out tho now admired colt The Aco once more. Ho only rau a moderate third here; but the two-yr. byAca of Clubs, out of Lady Heron, carrying G H«. extra, ran the flying Barbell© to a short head. The Ace, after running this boaten race, coma out for the next, where ho meets tho tough. Saladin. The Ace ran a good game horso under the whip all tho way, and it is tha general opinion he stopped under it just at the post, and allowed Saladin to make a dead heat of it. This affords another instance that too much of one thing, especially whipcord, is good for nothing. Besides, according to rumour, Tha Ace has a bit of a temper of his own. If ha has not he .very soon will have , if thLj kind of thing is persisted in. The next problem was a poser for him, for fancy a regular green colt having to run the heat isff with an old stager, and a perfect glutton for work, like Sakdin. - But for the wretched start, occasioned by the manner in which the flag was dropped, he would have tied the little horse's stockings up a little tighter. As it was, no wonder the colt dwelt at the pist. In the Woodstock Plate that grandly bred colt by the Ace of Clubs out of Marchioness went to the wall; and it is not to be wondered at either, for whoever heard tell of two-year-olds standing the three-milers he got before tha race. Poodle, half-brother to Lapdog, received his initiation card without honours iu tho £100 Plate., . On. the fourth day Argus 8candal carried off the All-Aged Stakes, one mile, with about 2 «t. overweight, and very nicely he did it too. The fine-lookintr colt Woodbine managed to split the young Aces, beautifully. Tho reason . I claim to speak of these colt* in that they half belong to South Australia. The V. R. O. Handicap was won by Barbollo, Lapdog nowhere, ditto The Monk and Typo in the Steeplechase. The Quoen's Plat© was remark able for giving the Irish King a second edition of the Derby, and for bringing another artist into disgrace. The sooner the term 'artist' is done away with in the colony tho bottot*, if this is to be a sample of the riding' it producer. The 'bit of a boy' who rode tho colt in tho Cup gave the artiste a lesson, and plainly shows that mam strength and 'stupidity are uot tho essentials for bringing a hi*rti-'»rod ' atuauil into 'subjection. I hope Mr. Miller will benefit : by his experiments at tho meeti'tii?. Taking matters even a1! they stand, nt/oan c«n grumble' -at the' manner the Ace of Clubs' youogstere acquitted themselves during ttio meeting. There was a great blow at oua Cime, if you remember, about backing Stockownflr'i* progeny against the Ace of CfuW. I wonder wbero all thotoStockownors h&vo; got to. Then, again, Mr. Vottf has to thank South Australia. 