The Flaneur in Sydney THU day of solemn memories having passed, wo ari now all agog for the .Baster Holidays, Homehusl Saces, and the other sports and amusements appro- priate to the season. Ah! me; the Kastor holidays "What reminiscences do they not call np ! Thej ' «peak of the good old days of Btago-coach travelling and a crowd of joyous, rollicking", laughing youngsters, kicking their heels, shouting, and blow, ing their tin trumpets on tho top of the coach, as il rolls into London, and tho smoky-looking donn of St. Paul'B comos into view, roaring its head above the mass of houses that mark the modern Babel. The man who has stood on the Acropolis, And looked down upon At'¡ca, or lie Who lias Balled where picturesque Constantinople ls. Or seen Tlmbuctoo, or has taken tea In small-eyed China's crockeryware metropolis, Or sat amidst tho bricks of NIuovcli, May not think much ot London's first appearance But ask him what he thinks ef It a year heneo 1 So wrote Byron, some fifty years ago, winding up his verse -with tho suggested query in the last line, porhaps as much for tho sake of tho rhyme as for any other reason. But the schoolboy riding homo for tho Easter holidays had no such danger of changing his opinion aftor a year's experience. Not for him tho blasù rogrets of the man about town, but for tho present ull joyful anticipation, for, to quote from Ibo same author 'Ila sweat to know there is an eye will mark Our coming, and look brighter when we como And before another year rolls by, lhere will have been school again, then Whitsuntide and Christmas, and again the happy anticipations of Easter. I am not quite such a fogy na to desire the abolition of railroads and locomotives ; but there was a groat deal of " poetry" - to use a cant literary expression of tho day-about those old mail and stago coaches, though they aro voted obsolete in thoBe days, when lightning and steam annihilate ?pace, and empires are conquered in six months, hy the combined influences of "blood and iron." I wonder whether Bismarck over played at marbles, or Von Moltke at pog-in-tho- ring ? I dare say thoy did. I remembor reading, not long ago, a very beautiful lottor written by the former to his wife, and which found its way into the Gorman papers. He recalls to her memory, in touching and affec- tionate language, tho time when they both travelled over certain parts of tho country in -which, ho wns thon sojourning ; and tho tono of his letter is very far romoved from tho "blood and iron" pitch. But war is a beastly trade ; and, as a miserable culprit is reported to havo said of tho dis- ciplino of Norfolk Island, when ho was about to be hanged, many years ngo, " it takes away the heart of a man, and gives him tho heart of a wolf." And so it may havo been-so it is known to have been-with lomo of those light- hearted schoolboys whom I havo in my mind's eye, going home for the Easier holidays. Mrs. Homans, -in " Tho Graves of a Family," gives ft touching pictura of thia " breaking-up" in after life-so different from tho broaking-up nt school : They grew In beauty, side by side, Around one parent tree : Their graves aro'suntlcr'd far and wide, By mountain, atrcam, and sea. Ono whom I knew very well, and who then looked as if a puff of wind would blow him away like a feather, was almost cut to pieces at the battle of Chillian wallah ; and I dare say that nanny more havo had to submit to the fortune of war in various parts of tho world. It was their " kismet," I suppose, so there is no uso Baying any moro about it. Talking of war, and warriors, has your attontion, ?or that of your readers, been drawn to tho roports of the ceremony of conferring tho Ordor of Knighthood of " St. Gregory the Groat" on threo gentlemen in "Victoria ? So fur as the coremonial ¡3 regarded as of a religious character, of course I disclaim any intontion to throw slight upon that. The Knights eloct, Mr. Archer, Dr. Brownless, and Mr. O'Grady, with their esquires, attended in tho Roman Catholic Cathedral at Melbourne, and, aftor solemn service, throe swords wore brought to the Bishop, and placed in the hands of tho Knights, who, very judiciously, put thom into their scabbards ; but immediately afterwards, and, apparently, without any provoca- tion, " tho knight rose, drew his Bword, and performed thorewith threo military ovoIutionB, concluding by wiping tho weapon threo timeBOn his left arm, and roplacing it in tho scabbard." This pantomimic slaughter evidently meant something, and tho ?wiping of tho sword before returning it to tho scabbard soems to have been vory significant of the deeds supposed to be dono. Shortly afterwards tho Bishop conferred tho accolade upon the knights ; and then administered to ouch of them "a slight blow upon the cheek." I hope that this is a mistako of the reporter, and that tho worthy bishop really delivered a good, heavy, right-hander, straight from tho shoulder, in order to lot tho knights know what they might oxpoct if they didn't behave them- selves, aftor joining tho church militant. Barham n somowhat dubious authoiity I confess-gives us the story of the ponauce of Sir Ingoldsby Bray, as imposed by Gregory tho Great himself, for great crimes und transgressions, tho chief of which, how- ever, was the Blaying of a Prior, which. Sir Ingoldsby tries to gloap ovor by depreciating tho ecclesiastical position of his victim, to tho extremo indignation of the exalted personage to whom ho is making his pseudo confession. "Oh thunder and turf," great Grogory said. And his luir rals'd the triplo crown rieht off his hoad ; " Oh thunder and turf, and out and alas I A torrlblo thing hos como to pass ! What, cut ol? the hoad of a reverend prior. And say ho was ONLY a barefooted friar I What baron or squire, or knlghtof the shire, Is half so cood as a barefooted friar?" You will remember that Sir Ingoldsby Bray had to found a monastry, and go into it himself, nnd . undergo certain flagellations periodically; and that after he died his ghost was Been at night scampering round tho plaoe at the top of his speed, with tho ghost of the murdered prior hot-foot after him, car- rying his head before him to show the way, and laying it on heavily to the bare shoulders of the hapless.knight, with a cluster of thongs of a most formidable kind. X don't know what led mo into this digression, unless it was the similarity of Bar- ium's idea of a ghost flogging a ghost round thohouEo, to tho notion of the Victorian knights drawing their swords, and, nftor "threo military evolutions "-cut- ting off throe imaginary heads I suppose-wiping the imaginary blood off the blades u pon their sleevcB, and so restoring their satisfied glaives to the scab- bards. I wondor whose heads were supposed to he cut off, and what they had done to subject them- selves to capital punishment ? However this may bo,' I hopo that tho now Paladins will bo found in their places when tho filibustero come, nnd that tho "military evolutions" will then huvo some sub- stantial purposo and object. Cuts numbers ono, two,and three, with a "front givopoint " to follow, might bo likely to disconcert a filibuster if delivered .with the'force and vigour of zeal, and the skill of long practice. By-tho-byo,. we havo a tolerably' respectable muster of knightB in theso colonies now, and they ought to muka a. rather formidable, appear ance io the field in the event of an invasion. Th ii new accession to tho ranks of chivalry will ho hailed ?with fervour ; and although Nero is said to hav« practised tho science of decapitation upon puppies, 1 hope that this may not bo tuken as an augury in thc " military evolutions" we ure told of. I seo, too, that the Into Sir William Denison, ir the posthumous notice given of him in tho Town and Country Journal, comes out rather strongly ir tho military lins. De llortiut &o.; ; and I um not going to say anything objectionable of the defuncl Governor; hut his proposal for attacking and captur- ing New Caledonia in tho evont of war hoing declared with Franco, in tho year 1850, seems tc have had a little of the filibustering spirit about il also, and quito ns little of military sagacity ns thal rumoured enterpriso. Sir "William, it seems, had his eyo upon certain French officers, who had been peeping about hero for the purpose of discovering salient points of attack ; so tho plucky Governor consulted with tho Cimmnndorof tho Forces, General Macarthur, as to tho best mode of cheek-n ating our I frog-oating neigh Jours, and it was resolved to make j a dash at Now Caledonia in the event alluded to. Sir William Denison montions soma rising ground near tho town of ¡Noumea, from which thc town could be attacked by our troops, who would he landed at n distance, whila our ships of war entered tho port nnd assailod tho placo from that side. Now, if I don't mistake, just about that timo tho French troopa in Now Caledonia had boen reinforced hy about lOOorS' Omen, whoso prcsenco on bonrd a frignto in this harbour nearly frightened poor Captain Denham out of his wits, and caused him to station signal men at Fort Macquarie, to watch their movements. Supposo wo had m ad o tho contemplated ussault upon New Cale- donia, and had succeeded in taking it-what, in tho nama of wonder, could we havo dono with it ? It would have taken all the soldiers nnd sailors wo had hero to accomplish tho task ; and what wus to pre- vent a couple of heavy French frigates from China, or from Tahiti perhaps, or some nearer port, coming down upon Sydnoy in the menntimn, and exacting a pretty heavy penalty for our capturo of their inte- resting cannibal island ? I remember to have heard some talk of this notahlo military enter- priso at the time ; hut it stemed too wild for belief. If ovor thero should bo unfriendly feolings between Great . Britain and Franco agu n, the publication of the plan of this intended "littlogamo" will havo given tho Governor and officers nt Now Caledonia a very good idea whore to expect their visitors. But what do wo want with New Caledenitt ? Nothing at nil, excepting as a good market for our coal and other products. Wo have a puzzling job enough to defend our own ports and coast lino, without hampering ourselves with a white olophnnt that wo should be only too glad to get rid of I nm rather inclinod to hope, however, that, in tho future, if war should visit theso shores, such relations will have beon established hotween Franoo and England that any avnilablo forces at New Cale- donia may bo expected to co-operate with our own. At all events, territorial conquests aro quito out of the question for Australian arms. If wo can main- tain tho Bafety and integrity of tho land wo livo in wo shall do well enough, without bothering our bruins about tho capture and subjugation of " foreign parts." Having alluded again to tho filibusters, it may ho us well to say that the conjectured fitting out of the imnginary expedition at Mngdalena Bay, the much be-pulTcd port of tho proposed Amorican company in Lower California, may bo at once set down amongst the myths thnt aro not. Tho poor devils who went out there may no doubt bo dépende enough, for great were tho promises held out, nnd miserable indeed the performance. Hero is a Bkctch of what was promised : The most splendid harbour In thc world was depicted io glowing colours. Grass that fro»' tip to a man's shealdcrs, trot leal, semi-tropical and tempéralo fruits j roduclblo according to desire, co gambling, no drinking, no shooting, tho cabin-fare by first-class steamers only twenty dollars, and lind In sections at nothing an acre, the sito to be chosen at will on tho principio of Brat eenie first served. This Edon, however, has turned out something like tho Eden of Martin Chuzzlewit, nnd the adventurers aro skedaddling from it with all possible rapidity. " It waa twenty dollars there," wo aro told, "but a hundred to roturn." Sand and cacti, cacti and sand. No water, no lowing herds, no friendly Spaniards ; nettling hut a waste of water and a desert shore." Tho inducements that had been offered for settlement in this Paradise wero in some respecta equal to the merits of the place. They consisted of a promised grant of land to any com- pany that could induco a ccrtnin number of settlers to establish themselves thero, tinder tho protecting, benign, and fatherly caro of that modol institution, fio Mexican Government, which constantly displays its vigour and life by a chronic state of revolution aid convulsion ; by pictui'ESquo military executions and romantic assassinations, and all those socinl and political amenities that distinguish tho Spanish South Amoricans. If any filibusters found their wiy thero they did well to clear out without beat of drum, for such gentry as Juarez and his coadjutors niako ehort work of adventurous warriors of that j kind. . -I A. KEW METHOD OP CHECKING RUNAWAY HOUSES. There bas boen exhibited in Molhourno, says a contem- porary, an invontion termed Bird's safety check rein, for restraining runaway horses in harness. Tho merit of this rein consists in having a slip-knot forming a loop at tho end of it-placed round tho neck of the horse, and kept in position by a strap to the check port of the bridle, the end being hold by or placed conve- nient to tho hand of tho ridor or driver. By tightening the loop around tho neck of thc horso its breath is weakened or stopped at tho will of the rider with tho greatest ease, and the runaway horse kept under con- tinual control. nEATTNO OP WOOL AND FLAX.-A paper on tho method of detecting heat in wool,-flax, &c;, on board ship, was read by Dr. Irvine, at a recent mooting of tho Nelson Scientific Association. Tho following is an abstract of tho paper :-" Dr. Irvine observed that the desideratum in this respect was some contrivance which should indicate a dangerous rise of temperature before any portion of the cargo had become so hot as to under- go charring ; for that when this lattor - stage had arrived it was not safe to get flax out of the hold, tho contact of the air causing it to bnrst into a flame. Ho proposes to effect this objoot by carrying a oopper wire through tho bales, and connecting the ends with a small galvanic battery, which will thus keep a current of electricity in perpetual circulation as long ns the connection remains perfect in overy part. The wiro is to be served in a tube (which was exhibited) placed in each bale, but tho electric connection is still maintained by a small quantity of quicksilver botweon the out onda ; should, howovcr,. the temperature riso to ICO degrees Fahrenheit, tho melting of two plugs of beeswax, which keep tho quicksilver in its place, causes tho latter to run out, and tho electric circuit is broken. This occurrence mny be signalled by various kinds of tell-talo apparatus, which Dr. Irvine enumerated ; but the kind ho prefers is a horse-shoo eleotro-magnet, forming part of the circuit, and placed on deck or in cabin. The moment tho circuit is broken, tho armature of tho eleatro-magnot instantly falls, and may ho mado to start an alarum, attracting atten- tion to tho f.ict of a dangerous st.ito of heat existing in r.iti hold. Dr. Irvine, r.ssbted by Mr. Tatton, illus- trated the simplicity and practicability of the inven- tion by some interesting experiments. Ho explained that the temperature at whioh tho danger-signal is to be given need not bo 1G0 dogrocs (tho melting point of wax), but any sther below 400 degrees (at which char- ring takes place) that may bo seleoted, the plugs being made of a suitable material accordingly. Sir David Munro suggested the employment of fusible motáis for thia purpose."-Southern Cross. 