SUNDAY READING. A Year ot Grace in the Oifcy. JUST US tho Rev. W. 0. Burns, of whoso early dayB some account was given in last week's Sunday Reading, had finished his preparation for the ministry, and was awaiting a call from tho India Com mittee to go out as a missionary, the Hov. Robert Murray M'Cheyno, of St. Peter's, Dundeo, was sent as ono of a deputation from tho Church of Scot land to Palestine ; and he applied to Mr.Burns to take his place at Dundee. He complied with this request; and was thus brought into a course of ministerial work which Buspondod for nine years tho fulfilment of the purposo to whioh ho had dovotod himself of going as a missionary to tho heathen. Thia purpose ho never abandoned ; and when, after thoso nine years of most successful labour in his nativo land, 1 e waa summoned to China, he gladly enterod on that field of ChriBtinn work. The subjoined extracts aro sufliciont to pro duce tho impression that it was not without a Divine direction that ho was turned for a timo from the ful filment of his original design. Tho scenes described como undor tho designation of "revivals." But thoso to whom tho word revival suggests scenes ol spurious zoal, artificial excitornent, and tho vociferous expression of feigned devotion, will lind that tho remarkable movement which took place in tho minds of multitudes at Dundee and other places, in con nexion with tho proaohing of Mr. Burns, was very different from their idea of revivals. No true man will bo ashamed of liberty, because of tho crimes committed in her name. For notwithstanding theso, it romains for over true, that liborty is ono of tho best gifts of Heaven to man. And although under the namo of "Revivals of Religion," some fictitious and mischievous forms of hypocrisy and delusion may havo been got up ; it remains true, nevertheless, that the revival of roligion, that is to Bay, the restoration of decaying spiritual life, the awakening of tho caroless, tho turning of tho rebel lious into now paths of obedience to their Heavenly King - is a work much to bo desired. Tho brotho» &nd;>biographer thus writes of Rov. W. (J. Burns : " Ho entered on his labours at Dundeo on the first or second Sabbath of April, 1839, taking ns his text Romans xii, 1, ' I besooch you theroforo, brethren, by tho morcios of God, that yo present your bodies a' living sacrifico, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your rousonablo sorvico,'-the same words on which he had preached his first sermon in his father's pulpit, at Kilsyth, a short timo boforo, and whiüh wore in truth prophetic of tho wholo spirit and character of his future lifo and ministry. " I havo heard old members of the congregation tell how thoir hearts trombled for him, whon they saw what seemed to thom a mero stripling stand up in tho placo of ono whom they had so revered and honourod, and how, almost at the first sound of his voice, as ho lod with deep-toned spirituality tho prayers of tho sanctuary, thoir fears vanished, and thoy seomed to hear only tho Bound of his Master's foet bohind him." And an office-bearer in tho church thus speaks of what followed:-'Scarcely had Mr. Burns entered on his work in St. Peter's, hore, whon his power as a preacher bogan to be felt. Gifted with solid and vigorous understanding, pos sessed of a voice of vast compass and power, unsur passed even by that of Mr. Spurgeon- and withal, fired with an ardour so intense, and an energy BC exhauBtless, thut nothing could damp or resist it, Mr, Burns wielded an iuiluonco over the masses whom he addressed, which wns almost without parallel since tho days of Wesloy and Whitfield. Crowds ilockod to St Peter's from nil the country round ; and the strength of tho preacher seemed to grow with the incessant demands made upon it. Wherever Mr. Burns preached, a deep impression was produced on his audience, and it was folt to be impossible to remain unconcerned undor tho impassioned earnest ness of his appeals. With him thoro was no effort at oratorical display, but thoro was truo eloquonco ; and instances aro on record of persons strong in their self-confidence, and enmity to tho truth, who fell before its power-who, Though thoy carao to scoff, ltcmainou to pray. " The following extracts are from his own diary : "September 18th.-I wont o,t two o'clook to M'Kensdo-square, and proaohed to one or two hun dred, many of whon), nins! woro from other quarters. I spoke from the words, I. Corinthians, xv, 56-67, at first with groat want of faith and power, hut nftor I had stopped and prayed, with very considerable liborty. When I waB juBt going to bogin tho last prayer, two gentlemen carno near, whom I supposed to bo ono of our physicians and a friend, who h'd been passing accidentally, and been attracted by tho Bound' and nftor I had dono, ono of them, a reverend looking, oldish mun, was gone, and tho other carno up and told mo that this was Ciosar Malan, from Genova, and that ho waB Robort Hnldano, VV. S, Edinburgh. I at once recognized him, having some times called upon him in tho days of my vanity whon with undo A. in Edinburgh. Ho told me that Malan was desirous to preach tin's ovoning, which I inlimatod with joy to tho peoplo as they wero dis persing. How marvellous aro tho Lord's ways towards me and his peoplo hero. Ha is sending his servants to us from east and west, and north and south. Surely ho has some groat work of his glorious graco to do among us. All tho glory shall bo Iiis ! Went to the church, whore I met Malan, Mr Baxter, and Mr. M'Leod, just transl*ted from tho Guolic chapel, Edinburgh. Malan, after solemnly engaging in prayer, wont to tho pulpit, whore ho again knelt down and prayed for a minute or two in silenco. Ho thon prayod aloud shortly, Bang, and then 7>rayod swoetly at greater longth. Ho road iho 14th of J^hn, and preached from the 27th verso. His heads were that tho peace of Jesus wua 1st, a sovereign poace; 2nd, a just peace ; 3rd, nu all-ruling poaco ; 4th, a glorious peace. His great dosign appeared to bo to press on believers, 'In tho name of Jesus,' tho duty of bolieving that they aro saved. His toaohing seomed to me to differ from that which ie common among our best ministers, not in holding that assurance is of the ossouco of faith, whioh he seemed plainly not to do ; nor in anything at vari ance with particular redemption, whioh he seemed also to hold, distinctly, speaking always of Jesus dying for ' HÍB belovod church/&o.; ; but in press ing us very specially to believe in the name of Jesus as the Son of God with adoration and love, and again pressing all who do so, to beliovo that (¡hoy aro aavod becauao God saje BO, not Booming tc notioo or to suppose the case of thoso who do nol know whether they beliovo or not. Ho illustrated tho effect of true faith in the witness of God by thc following anecdote :-One day when Bonaparto was reviewing some troops, the bridle of his how slipped from bis hand, and his horse galloped off, A common soldier ran, and laying hold of tho bridle, brought back tho horso to the Emperor's hand, when ho addressed him and said, «Well done, captain.' The Boldior inquired, 'Of what regimont, Piroi' 'Of tho Guards,' answered Napoleon, pleased with his instant belief in hie word. Tho Emperor rodo off, the soldier throw down his musket, and though he had no epaulets on his shoulders, no Bword by his side, nor any other mark of his advancement than tho word of the Emperor, ho ran" and joined his staff of commanding officers. Thoy laughed at him, and aaid, « What havo you to do hore ?' Ho replied, * I am captain of the Guards.' They were amozed, but ho said, ' Tho Emperor has said so, and thoroforo I am.' In like manner, through the woid of God, ' ho that believeth hath overlaking lifo,' is not confirmed by the feelings of tho believer, ho ought to tako tho word of God us trno because He has said it, and thiiB honour him «a a God of truth, and rejoico with joy unspeakable. «' Septem.bor 14th.-Icallod at tho M.'a and found these aistors rejoicing with solomn delight in the death of their beloved sister with all ita remarkable circumstances, which so clearly mark the hand of tho gracious Lord who hns called hor to his king dom and glory. Thoy told mo many interesting and affecting facts regarding her last days. She appoared lo havo fed with remarkable relish upon Christ in tho word during her hist days, aud espe cially tho night and morning before her departure. I prayed with them, and felt drawn uncommonly near to the divine presence of our Fathor in heaven. Wo ontroated earnestly that as the Lord had not allowed her to manifest her lovo to Him in tho world, ho might Bhow hÍB lovo to her by making her death tho moans of quickoning manj' souls. 0, Lord Jesu?, hear thia prayer, and anawor it abundantly to-morrow-yea, to-night ! Coming home nt aix, I found many gathered together pray ing and singing praises ; . . . went in and prayed with tho young men and women in the other room. I hud muoh nearneaa to God with unspeak able composure of soul, which, praise be to the Lord, baa never been ruffled during theao remark able days ; though many of them were very much affected, and all seemed to realize eternity and tho preciousness of Jesus 1 It was indeed a sweet.sea son. W. L. oame and joinod tho meeting with great joy, which broke in upon him with such power at the mooting last night, that he went home in trans porting ecstacy. This is a sweet youth. Lord, make him a minister of Thy GoBpel ! . , ." In the foliovring exalted strains of adoration and fervent aspiration, he oloacs the record of a week of inceaBant, but to Lim dolightful, labour. " Twenty minutes to 12.-When this wook is expiring I would again, with praises which mußt echo through all tho arches of heaven, set up my Ebonezer and say : -Hitherto the Lord hath helped me ! 0, what a week of mercy and grace and love ! Last week was wonderful, thiB is much more BO-what will the next bo ? Perhaps it may be with Jesus in glory ! 0, that it may at least bo with Jesus, and that il may redound to tho eternal glory of his graco in me I and many thousanda of redeemed BOUIB ! Como, Lord Joaus, come quickly ! O, scatter the clouds ' and mista of unbelief which oxhnlo afresh from the stagnant maranoa in my natural heart tho habitation of dragons, and pour afresh upon my ransomed soul a full flood of thy divine light and lovo and joy, in tho effulgence of which all my sin dies, and all tho graces of th« spirit bloom and breathe their fragrance ! Nor do I pray for myself alono, but for all my dear friends-father, mother, brothers, and sisters . . . -for all the people hero-all the miniators of overy name whom Jesus hath called to preach his gospel, and for all who shall to-morrow hear or read tho glad tidings of great joy which ahall yet bo to nil people ! .Lord, hasten tho latter-day glory ! Como quickly^ and reign without bounds and without end ! And now wash mo in thy blood, whose price I cannot tell, but need to oleanso me, so groat a transgressor am 1\. Glory to thee, O, Lamb of God, .and to thee, O, Father, and to thee, 0, Holy Ghost, eternal and undivided! Amen!" And so from day to daj', and from week to week» the sacred work of thia remarkable time went on - the church nightly thronged with arreatod and dooply solomnized multitudes, and every other available hour occupied with individual inquirers, who, in very deed, sought tho eternal wisdom " aa ail vor, and searched for her aa for hid treasure." Twenty, thirty, forty, would often come to him on thia errand in a single dav, gathering in little grou! 8 in an outer chamber and pouring out their hearts in united prayer, or in silent nnd solitary breathing«, aa they waited each their turn for a por aonal interview. Generally at tho public aasomblioB a large part of tho uudienco would romain after tho regular services wero concluded, for further and more special instruction ; and oven when all waa over, often at a late hour, eager groupa would still cling around tho proachor aa ho retired to the vestry, in tho hope of hearing still aome last words of parting counaol or prayer. Ocssaionally even then it was scarcely possible to shako off tho importunate crowda who hung upon the lips of Chriat'8 ambassa dors as for their lives :-" When wo left tho sea Bion houae," he writes on September 19th, " we mot a great multitude still waiting to hear the word, and some of them in tears. Mirny of these came along with Mr. W-and mo to the weat end of tho town, and when we came to ltoseanglo, Mr. W--at my suggestion engaged with thom in a parting pra3'er nt tho highway sido, under the star light faintly shining through the dark windy clouds At one time tho throng of worahippers was so groat especially during a viait of Dr. M.'Donald, of Urquhart, that it was found expedient to chango the place of meeting from St. Peter's to St. David's parish church, tho largest place of worship in Dundee the use of which was kindly given hythe min ister, the Rev. George Lewie, who himself took a deep interest and boro an efficient part in the services. The movoment may perhaps bo said to have reachod its climax-a kind of spring-tido flood-at tho communion season in October, when the lato much estoemod nnd highly gifted Mr. Bonar, of Larbert, . asia'ed by Measrs. Bonar, of Kelso, M'Douald, of' Blairgowrie, and Flyter, of Aluess, dispensed* tho livir.tr bread to u vast conconise of hungering souls, 'many of whom Boomed burning with desir< after nearness to Jesus.' On tho evening of the da} three Bevernl congregations were assembled, on( vast assemblage in tho Church, and two lesser ones formed out of its overflow in tho adjoining schoolrooms, and were ad dressed respectively by Mr. Bonar, of Kelso, Mr. Bonar of Larbert, and Mr. Burns." imriüg the whole of this communion Sabbath, tho records in his journal, there was, I am told by tho ministers, an unusually deep solemnity pervading the audience, tho resuU, 1 trust, of tho near presence of Jehovah." Al'Cheyne returned from his mission and found that tho servico of his friend had been much more manifestly blessed to the peoplo of St. Peter's, Dun deo, than his own, Of tho reciprocal feelings which animated these two faithful servants of Christ, wo may judge hy tho following extract from [ burn's diary. " Had a letter from dear Mr. M'Cheyno, written in a spirit of joy for the work of the Loi d, which shows n groat triumph, I think, of a divin* grace over tho natural jealoesy of the human heart. O Lord, I would praiso Thee with all my heart for this ; and would entreat that when thy doar servant, 'ho pastor of this people, is restored to them, ho may bo honoured a hundred fold.moro in wioning souls to Christ, than I have boen in thino infinite and Bovereign.mercy. Amen." 