Another new industry has "been started in Melbourne, winch from all accounts pro mises to be a success. "We illode to Long- bottom'e Safety Blasting -Sowdm-, an-:uc- count of experiments -with which appeared a day or two since in this journal. The patentee and manufacturer claims for the new compound a number of advantages over ordinary blasting powder, which may be. enumerated as follows: — Increased explosive power: non-ignition, except from actual contact with flame; less smoke, and that less offensive ; greater cheapness, and downward as well as lateral and upward action. Any : one of these qualities, sup posing all other things to be equalj would be sufficient .to give a preference to the patented material: Bat if they be all com bined/as - the Melbourne press affirms, the' public confidence in Mr. Ixmgbottom's ex plosive has. only to he established to cause a cessation of the imports of common blasting powder. The establishment of any use ful manufacture in the colony will always have our wannest support,- and: were we thoroughly satisfied of the -superiority of the new explosive, we should as an organ of the most important mining district in "Victoria have an especial' pleasure in re commending its immediate adoption. But we cannot forget the comparative failure of the patent colonial fuse, which was heralded with such a flourish of trumpets, and which now is as though it had never been. This fuse was tried in Baltarat by several mining companies, and promptly condemned. Circumstances like this make one very cautious of eulogising innovations. The best thing in our opinion that Mr Longbottom can do is to pay Ballarat a visit, and invite a number of representative men from -the various mining companies to inspect a series of experiments with his explosive material. If the stuff be as good as it is said to be, the visit will prove highly remunerative, for there is probably more gunpowder used in this district for mine and quarry blasting than on any other three of. the Victorian goldfields. This arises, as many Melbourne readers are probably not aware, from the fact of all our deep alluvial leads being overlaid by successive layers of basalt, varying from . twenty- to two "hundred .feet Blasting powder has been for many years past a serious item of expenditure, mid -iany im provement in material which will lighten the annual outlay upon this article alone will not only be a money gain, but also ensure great saving in time. Gunpowder, it is well known, has very little effect below the bottom of the drillhole, . and in this both gun cotton and nitre-glycerine have a great advantage. Of the . latter compound the miners entertain a natural distrust, as BO many frightful -accidents have occurred in different parts of the world from its-, careless handling. - Gun cotton is but slowly making its way into general use, although in the claims at Pleasant Creek; where it has been substituted for coarse grained powder, it is very highly spoken of Mr Longbottom, therefore, has a wide field of operations for his compound, if it even nearly comes up to the standard of excel lence claimed for it." "Two points alone in its favor, should "be suffi cient recommendation— the fact that it "shoots downwards,' .and the other that it will not explode Atom repeated blows of an iron tamping rod. We shall have great pleasure in devoting a fair share of our space to an account of experiments made in Ballarat with the Safeiy : Blasting Powder. . - : The plague of dust in Ballarat dnrzug the summer months, . although . mild in com parison with the "grievous affliction caused by the same dement in Melbourne and Sandhurst, is yet sufficiently annoying; to induce us to seek for a palliative. Thin much is certain that neither the rain from the skies, nor the water from the mains or . the municipal carts, can keep the dust down for any length of tima Indeed it is not at all. unusual to see -a cloud of irritating particles flying about Cobb's corner within a few hours after a heavy shower. The simple water-cure, therefore, may be pro nounced inefficient; notwithstanding copious and frequent applications. We must then look to some other ..means for. staying the plague. A discovery made by a Mr Copper, of. London, some years ago, and since improved upon by that gentleman, seems to supply the very thing which is required— viz., the attraction of moisture from the atmosphere. The writer of " Scientific Notes from " Home;" in the Australasian describes the discovery as follows : — "Acting en the weU-known dtemlcal fact that' some of foe chlorides possess in a great degree foe property of .attracting moisture from foe sir, and even of undergoing solution hit foe moisture which foeyfons appropriate,, it- oecarred-to Mr Cooper that he might thin fols property to account in store t-watering.. He employed and patented a mixture of equal parte of common salt (chloride of sodium) and chloride of calcium, which was mixed with foe water -in an ordinary water-cart. He claimed for this" ptocess, "first, that foe eolation -woulddry very slowly, and that a 'surface saturated with it, even after : being completely dried? fay::' foe sun's rays, wonld .attract . moisture, again as soon as foe sun had declined ; : "secondly, that foe ' chlorides would combine chemically- with; and would fflx jhej- ammonia and other volatile, gases now given off 'by "foe .organic dirt; and thirdly, that tbeywoutd combine them really with the materials of foemadway, and would improve its surface. Hefoerefore hoped to effect a great saving in labor, fo baniah waim airts frbm thq streets' daring foe busy hours of theday, to apply a Btnaller.qnantily of water-dhaii'jlB at present used-faiid jhUB to avoid the exoeesfre jirodncdon of mod), to iroprore.foe Burface for raffic,to lay the dm.rihtwllrifara aver: Sundaysjor other days on which foe cuts mlgbtapt faeout), an d, last!?, tofix-the ammoniacal-Rnd ioUmx exhala tions. His system was tried in 1868 in Mary lei bone, where it was not favorably reported on; but nlnoe that date it baa been suc cessfully adopted at Malvern, Greenock, Boston, Liverpool, and elsewhere. The saving of water thua'ieffected In Liverpool is sr id to amount to70 per cent. Fresh experiments have this shmmer been made in London (at We,t- minster, down Far lis meat and Downing streets), from the 3rd to the 16th of Jane; and from the report they here received, foe sanitary committee resolved that foe process should not only be con- tinned in Westminster, bnt extended to the 'Entghtsfaridge districts In a paper which he has just read to foe British Association, be recom mends that a sufficient percentage of chloride of aluminium (which has been recently introduced as an antiseptic by Professor Gamgse) should be added to foe other chlorides, in order to absorb .noxious gases arising from putrefaction, and to destroy organic germs. Ibis salt costs only one- third of the price of carbolic scid, and does not possess its unpleasant smell and poisonous pro perties." What more could be required by the most fastidious of street dandies ? Clean and smoother reads, no dust; no wet crossings, and. no nasty smells. To the civic authori ties Mr Coopers plan of keeping the dust down will commend itself on the score of economy both as regards water and labor, the former bring a most important de sideratum in the Hummer months when the dams are low. One great advan tage Mr Cooper can claim for his discovery is that it has stood the test of experience. We commend the matter to ' the TOnsideration of both coun cils. If the plan should be adopted, and found to answer, they will have earned the gratitude of every man, woman, and child in the community : and the rising" generation at any rate will have a chance to escape swallowing the full peck of dirt allotted by immemorial proverb for the con- 'WnpGfrri nf nil mankind A requisition to Mr Joeeph C pelsnd, to stand . for Ballarat West at "the forthcoming - general election, was numerously rigned yesterday. : We observe by foe Talbot FeaAtr that :there ie a; probability of Mr John Thomas Smith standing for Creswick, which he represented some time ago in foeJUsembly. He was subsequently asked- to stand for' the same seat, bnt then declined became be had been so tremendously fleeced at the time be was returned. It is esid the cost of that election to him exceeded £9000. At a late faonr last night "we were informed font Mr B.T. Vale intends to seek a seat for Ballarat Bad: Mr James MDowall this dsy publishes his address to foe electors of Bipon and Hampden, and, as- might be expected, devotes a considerable portion thereof to land settlement and foe re quirements of the agricultural' population. Mr MDo wall's programme is undoubtedly liberal, and he enunciates broad views upon the develop ment of the resources of foe colony. He expresses himself ia favor of foe establishment of manufactures and local industries, _ and. of a steady flow of immigration into going at some length into foe labor 'question, with a view of showiag that an in creased population does not -mean hurtful com petition with the working men of foe colony. Mr M'Dowali expresses himself with tolerable fnlness npon foe requirements of the mining community, being in favor of freeing this para mount industry from the disabilities under which it labors at present, of an equitable law' for mining on private property, foe redaction of lease rents to 5s per acre, and the abolition of -the miner's right. ; A full meeting of the Liberal Registration Association was held last right at the -Buck's Head hotel, Mr Parsons in the chair. The fol lowing business was transacted: — A-snb commit tee, consisting of Messrs Tnrpie, James, J. Oope- Isnd, Marsh, Parsons, and Dr Enabling, was elected for foe purpose of associating the Ballarat with other districts; and a special meeting was called for Friday eveoiog, the 20!h instant, to select the four candidates deemed most eligible to' represent the two Balls rats. Those at present nominated for Ballarat West are Messrs . B. Chalmers, Dr Enabling, Ben., and J. Cope land; -and for Ballarat Best, Messrs John James, Ch&s.; "Dyte, and J.. B. Thompson. It is requested that any member of the association desirous of nomi nating a candidate will communicate with foe secretary on or before foe 20th instant. . Mr Charles Dyte briefly announces bis inten tion of offering himself again as a candidate for the representation of Baliarat East." Mr Dyte declares his preparedness to " render an account cf his six years' stewardship," and to explain- bis political -views, and conrindes by expressing his full belief that he retains foe confidence of the electorate. Mr Ssmnel Deeble in our advertising columns declares his intention of standing for Balarst Fast at the forthcoming election, and cf taking an early opportunity of expressing his views. The members of foe Caledonian Society appear to place .a peculiar construction upon their well- \- known end somewhat truculent motto, "A 'emo me impune lacessit " Having complained of rudeness to one of oar reporters on the part of a Mr Wilson, who acted as entry clerk for youths' games at foe recent epotts, a special meeting was convened, and held last evening at the Edin burgh Castle hotel, for the purpose of taking the matter into consideration. A Mr Gray, -who acts as secretary of foe Caledonians, stated foe object of foe meeting. Mr Wilson, in explanation, admitted having told foe reporters to clear oat, bnt then he had turned foe president foe vice-president, and several members of the , society put of foe room foe same day. He thought that he was "only doing his duty under foe circhmstanceB, and if he had done wrong he regretted it. He -protested' that it . had not been on his acconnt that foe meeting had been called.' The Mr Gray before allnded to was understood to say " that if he had been in Mr Wilson's place he wonld have brought bis foot to bear, if be had a good pair of boots on his feet." Other remarks of a -nature indicative of gentlemanly feeling and refinement, which showed foe peculiar notions that 'some of the members at least possess of the ordinary amenities of civilised life, .having psEsed, a reso lution exonerating Mr Wilson from any blame in foe matter was agreed to unanimously. The only new item of election intelligence in Geelong Is the fact that a requisition to Mr J. R. HopkiDB, of-Wormbete, near Wincbeleea, is bring numerously signed in Geelong West: Mr Hopkins has contested an election there before, and this time his chance of encceas will.be better than formerly, as several have signed, the requisi tion who were supporters of Mr Graham Berry, and are now dissatisfied with him as their repre sentative There has sIbo been a rumor that Mr C. J. Dennye, of Geelong, woolbroker, may be. a candidate for foe eame district. ThemonthlymeetingoftheLicensed Victuallers' Association was held et foe Edinburgh Castle hotel yesterday afternoon; Mr Gilbert Duncan, peesident, in the chair. The following members were present, viz.:— Messrs M'Oafferty, Irwin, Gsbbett, Thompson, Campbell, Clifford, Murrei, Jackson, Hall, - Jones, -Hislop, and Legg. The business of the meeting was principally to oon-. eider the previsions of foe new Wine, Beer, and Spirits Sale Statute. The secretary read foe several clauses of the bill, which were discussed.' In regard to clauses 20 and 21, which were, it was thought, of doubtful interpretation, the secretary was instructed to obtain farther information. - .The bill generally met with the approval of the .meeting. It was proposed by Mr Campbell, seconded by Mr M'Cafferty, and carried, »' That' this association pledges itself only , to support those candidates for foe Assembly -rim are favor - able -to the abolition of grocers' licenses; foe opening of licensed houses on Sundays, from use to three, and eight to ten; and". foe serving of" bow fide travellers." It was proposed, by Mr Campbell, seconded by Mr M'Cafferty, and -carried, " That the licensed victuallers of. the colony be advised to give their support to this association ot foe comiog election to aid in carrying out foe above resolution." A sub-committee, composed of the following members, viz.: — Messrs Brophy , Jones, Campbell, M-Cofferty.Dnncan, and Watson, was appointed to writ on the several candidates and to obtain -from' them an expression of opinion , and to cany out foe above reeolntion. The fol io wingnew members were admitted, viz.;— Messrs Thomas Ogilyy,' Ascrt; "Jamra .'Dibdds, Buck's Head; James Bonnev, Exchange, Bnnioyong; George Selleck, Crown, "Boninypng; William Douglas, near New -Cemetery. Several accounts were passed for paymen t, and foe meeting «&.' ' Hr Mnnro, the secretary of foe Permanent Building Society inMel bourne, has no disposition whatever to oppose the Minister of Lands for. foe representation of -Pandas. TochratheJgentie- man'-a fawn wards, he has "as .much Intention at present of standing for Turkey ss for Dundas.' Bnt this is foe silly reason, and - we have no doubt there are manyother equaliy ridfooloiu riecaon canards as that abont Mr Monro. , Mr B. J. Morgan has in fate shop « Murray bod waghhjg 16 Ib.whicb Was caught by MrJamea Mrtefatll in Lake Rurrnmbret. Tt 'teWfine healthy fish, and shows that foe breed does -act suffer by removal ftom its native wttire. . „We chaerre BatJfoe committee' eiesiyjng foe appearance of the -part not yet painted shows by contrast with that portion over which the brush has so for passed, that this step was not taken by foe committee a moment before it wss needed for the credit of the town. As Mr M'lror, farmer, Lai Lsl, was giving some orders yesterday afternooo In Bridge street, about four o'clock, having tied up bis horse with American spring waggon to a horse -post op potite Messrs Twenty mao mid Stamper's, foe horse took fright, and clearing itself of its winkers, bridle, and reins, started at a gallop up Bridge street. AmidEt the excitement and alum Detective Potter rushed forward and-tnrned the animal into Granville street ronod the Back's Head corner. The horse was then soon stopped, and subsequently proceeded on its proper jonmey at a more moderate rate of speed. The bold sod thoughtful conduct of Detective Potter in turn ing the frightened 'animal ont of foe main thoroughfare is worthy of recognition. It seems Mr Michie has derided to offer himself for South Gipps Land. The Lydiard street new Wesleyan Schoolrooms are nearly finished, and will be formally opened to-morrow. The Rev. F. Nesle will preach morning and evening, and will address the young people in the afternoon; and on Tuesday evening a tea meeting will be held in the new schoolroom, when it is expected a large gathering will he present. There is ' a good programme for the evening. This is one of -the finest and largest schools in the colony, and is a great credit to Ballarat. The following have -been chosen to represent the Banks end Civil Service in the match to be p'ayr-d to-dayoo the Eastern Oval:— Messrs Clay, M-Leod, Dntbie. Gaggiu, Sanderson, Dnmaresq. Foote, c )rr, B. J. Figgis: Beyeriz, Gardiner All whose names appear above are requested to be on the ground at two o'clock sharp, so that for once the game may commence at the advertised time. The proposed half-mile race for £100 a side between Hewitt and Sansom is off, foe former having foiled to put in an appearance at -the time appointed for " posting foe pony." At a -committee' meeting of- foe Geelong Licensed Victuallers'. Association, held on Thurs day night, It was stated that several -brewers had subscribed £3 3s each to the funds. It was also proposed to hold a confer-nce of all kindred associations, to take united afiSon for the interests of the trade. The anniversary picnic in connection with foe Sebaatopol Presbyterian Sabbath School took place on Thursday, in foe Messrs Fisher's pad dock, Cardigan, the use of which was kindly granted to the teachers for the purpose by the proprietors; the youngest of foe children being transported thither by conveyances provided for foe purpose, while those more advanced in years walked in procession, carrying-flags and banners bearing suitable inscriptions, mottoes, &c.; The day was spent in the -usual jovial manner — " eating, drinking, and maVing meriry" — and of course foe usual " games of running, football, kiss-in-the-ring, &c.;, were freely indulged in by all present. Bnt not the least enjoyable part of the day's proceedings was the singing of dome of the Sabbath school hymns at intervals; and the members of the Baud of Hope in connection with the above church, who ere mostly ell mem bers of foe Sabbath -school, also sang some select pieces from Curwen's Plaistow "Hymn and Tone Book (Tonic 861 Fa), under . the conduct of . their, leader, Mr T. Graham. After the (lost) tea a collection was taken up on the ground from foe adults in aid of the funds of foe Sabbath school Library, which realised nearly £2. This was considered very satisfactory, there being free admission to all. Too great prates cannot be awarded the ladies for the manner in which they partly provided and served np the edibles, and the Messrs Fisher deserve special recognition for their kindness in sending a large tiro-horse waggon to help to take foe -children' home. Mr Roderick MtKpnriF, who is always .ready to lend a helping hand on all snch occasions, deserves thanks for supplying foe teachers with a horse and cab for the day. Towards dusk an adjourn ment was made to'foe church, and after singing a few hymns foe- superintendent, Mr M'Donald, . invoked the Divine blessing on all present and the party broke -op, every one express log them selves heartily satisfied with their day's enjoy ment. Tils number present exceeded 150. The B.C.C. " mnff " cricket match to be played on the Eastern Oval on Thursday promises !o be a. most amnsiog and enjoyable affair, as great interest has been already evinced in this annual event amongst foe members who like a game, but cannot afford the time to become proficients In scientific cricket: Some haTe carried their en thusiasm so far as to have began practising. The usual supper served in Host Braitbwaite's best style will of course wind up this important match. Those who wiBh to join in the game are requested to send in their names to the Pavilion by Tuesday afternoon. The Ballaratshire Council announce their in tention of striking a shilling rate at a meeting to be held ..on the 16th instant. The Ballarat Commercial College and the Daw- eon etreet Academy- will re-open, the latter on Monday, and foe former on Wednesday. The district coronet held an inquest yesterday on foe body of-Chn Ah Tang, the Chinaman who' was found dead in his but-at Prince Regent Gaily . The evidence showed thirfoe deceased had been . ailing for some" time, and was unable to work. The neighbors, however, supplied him with food. The verdict of foe jury was "Death from disease of foe lungs." At the sale of Crown lands held yesterday at foe auction rooms of Mr John Davison, Geelong, there were bnt few bay ere, and foe proceeds of the sale were only £74 lis. Out of twenty-two lots catalogued only ten found purchasers, and bnt two lots exceeded foe upset price. A serious accident occurred in the Messrs Lear- month's mine at Hgerton, yesterday, to a miner named Evan Harris. It appears that to prevent foe quartz' being lifted when shovelled down foe shoot, one of foe logs had to "be cot through with an axe; while Harris was in si stooping position entting the log through, the jar cured a quantity of overhanging quartz to become detached, and falling upon him crushed him to'foe ground. The man bring released, and Dr Outterbnck sent for, it was found that his leg, arm,' and the baric part of his head weredeeply cut and severely lacerated; < his wounds were at "once' dressed, and he was conveyed to his own house, where he is dow pro gressing as favorably as can beexpected. The tenth ordinary general meeting of share holders in the Victorian 'Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Company will De held in the Town Hall, Geelong, next week. In anticipation of that event foe directors have issued their balance-sheet for the half-year ending- -30th November, 1870. The manufactnring account shows a balance to credit of profit and loss of £900 3s 8d. The profit and loss account shows a balance profit of £3108 17s 3d, which is £471 17s 6d less than was shewn at the close of the preceding half-year. The capital account stands at. £21,928; debts and liabilities, £12,492 19s 3d; wear and tear, reserve fnnd, £850 2a Id; total,.' £35,271 1b 4d. The assets are - — Property, £25,894 15s 5d; stock, £9957 12s 7d; debts, &c;, owing to the company, £2527 10s 7d; leaving a balance profit, as before slated, of £3108 I7s 3d. : The Sebastopol and Press teams will try cricket ' conclusions this afternoon on foe ground of the model municipality, which is reported to be in far less dangerous condition than it was last season. Wickets will be pitched at one o'clock sharp. The Caxtouians ore to be chosen from the following: — Mess re Bryce, Byrne, Curtis; Colon, Davis, Dongey, Green, T. Goode, S. Goode, Galvin, Hogg, Longwill, M'Millan, RusselL Thompson, TomB, and WiUriusou. 7 We have received a farther communication - from Mr Kirk in reference to the injury in flicted on Valentine Power, at present, an inmate of foe District Hospital; but n the case -will In all probability come Before the courts, we refrain from farther comment. - - j : This week's Piach is a capltal number. The cartoon representing Russia and America -"inter viewing" John Bull, whom foe- latter calls a i" darned old one-horse cuss,". is remarkably we' 1 done. There is also considerable humor "in foe illustration of the "St. (Merry) Andrew Gather- dog," bnt foe gem of foe number is foe ghost of the £50 deposit 'which so' alarms uu intending candidate that he drops his hat, and with it his addrese he has prepared to foe' "free and inde pendent." Another new division of foe Bona of Tempe rance, to be called foe Enterprise, was opened at Learmonth, on Thursday evening, at the. Tempe rance Hall. The opening ceremony was performed ; by Bra. John Baddenbuty, G- W.P.;Bro. Beoney. GT.; Bra. Lncdil, P. W. R. ; and J. Jinks, :G.S Bro F. Longmore, M.P., and Bra. James . IongfD.M. W. P., were also present. Bro. Wm. Read and Bro. C. Robinson were elected and 'installed W.P. and RJi. respectively. There is no doubt as to' fote .tent having, a. successful career, t' - - J . - ' . The treasurer of foe 8cuddalelleief Fund begs to acknowledge' with thanks foe receipt of a cheque for £2 frqm Sir Francte Murphy, ML. A. , At Clones, oh Wednesday, "at foe borough ; counril riMetiiig, foe treasurer's report -showed that far the current year there bad been issued forty publicans' licenses jand nine other licenses, amounting in all to £1134. Mr Batsou, the newly apoointed town rierk, undertook foe duties of his office, and £16 ; lGs wag voted to the 'office assistant, G. Fittes, .and £25 to Ur Rofe, rate col lector, who has iteeuiacting towu clcrk rinpe Mr Le GouIdfs«eignationv«e.reanzhatiooforAxira work.. The making jof foe zmtejtflefid was.con- firmed. j. , ;£ft> iiur FUatdkl Creck ChraueU likely foots wedrty' waggon of fish,tierii, fotfj, and fruit, from Ballarat, wonld pay well if Pleasant Creek had but a market, but while foe council squabbles it gives foe hawkers a chance. — «a— The installation of officers in connection with fob Daughters of Temperance. Hope of Bdlarst, Onion No. 2, took place on Thursday evening, in the Congregational Church, Sport street; the obligations being Administered by Bro P.WJ Ward, Bro W. Watson acting as G.C. Bro A.L Harrison was reinstalled F.S., and the fol lowing sisters to the undermentioned offices for the ensuing quarter: — PS., Sister E Evans; S.W.A., Sister S. Watson ; P-P-S- Sieter B. Bryne; SJR.S, Sister E. Walker; A-E S., Sister A. Hall; SC., Sister C. M'Kinnon; A.C., Sister J. Evans; S.G., Sister F. Goodfellow; A.G., Sister Goodfellow, senr.; S.T., Sister A. Drrasey; surgeon, Dr Embtiog ; chemist, Bro J- T. M'Gowsn. The number of members during the quarter has increased by eight. ' The band of foe let B.V.R. played last nigbt in foe Start etreet gardens, and foe evening being singularly pleasant, there was a large concourse of listeners. Several of the selections were un usually well performed — so well, indeed, that the fare compliment of applause wss bestowed on foe performers. A meeting under foe auspices of foe Victorian Industrial Protection League was beid at Hotbam on Thursday evening, for foe public advocacy of the principles of protection. Addresses were delivered by several manufacturers and working men. and resolutions affirming the desirability of returning members of Parliament favorable to the adoption of a thoroughly protective tariff were enhmitted aud approved." - - The following singnlar case of suicide is reported in yesterday's Advertiser:— An old ser vant of the Messrs Cr.iroside has committed suicide .in a very determined manner. His name is Davidson, and for years he has been overseer of the Monnt William rno. Some tims age he became ill and went to the Ararat Hospital. Not getting 'well there, he came lo Geelong and placed himself in foe care of Dr Beid, who .fold him that there was comparatively little the matter with .him. - Thte information appears to 'have" affected . him despondingly rather than otherwise, for he returned home, and in a but on foe station be opened a vein in his arm, and deliberately Allowed himself fo bleed to death." There was a large attendance in foe Town Hall,' Eaglehawk, on Thursday nlgtit, on foe occasion of .a miscellaneous concefOieinjr.givEn by the members of foe -Ballarat Chipr, The programme (says the Bendigo 7ndependaii) iot thd, evening -was a select one, and'there was ample scope for the display of latent musical talent, but we must, say that the eingipg . for .the most part' did not come up to onr expecta tions.. The vocalisation of Miss Boweo and Mr Uren in- "Come where ray .-Love lies Dreaming.'" . f Father's Came Home," and " The Happy Folicmnan," was certainly passable; bnt, with foe-exception of "The Bashful Young Gentleman," by Mr Urea, no other item was re markable for artistic merit.'. The audience, how-- ever,, appeared , to be highly 'pleased: , with the efforts of tire choir, and frequently expressed their approbation. Encores were freely indulged in, and as freely responded to by the vocalists. The Argus understands that foe following ques tions bearing npoh foe subject of public instruc tion have been circulated, in «. printed form, amongst the Roman Catholic portion of the com munity, with the view that they may be proposed to all candidates st foe approaching general elec tion; — "In case the present system of education be abolished, will yon vote" for1 giving to any de nomination, who bare religious scrnples against adopting, foe system .substituted for it, snch- proportion of the education grant grant as they wonld be entitled to from their numbers on the census; foe amount to be expended under State -control, as for as. oecnlar education is concerned, bnt to be free from State control as for as religions education is . concerned ? Are yen willing to support a system of free education, in wbirii the State ehall.exerrise no control in the establishment or management of schoolsbut pay so .much per head for pvery pupil educated to a certain standard ?" Mr Clarkson left Geelong on Wednesday morn ing, on his bicycle -"Wandering -Star,", and arrived at Mortlake at eleven o'clock the " same night, thus doing 103 milejln one day. An awful case of sudden death Is reported in foe Hamilton Spectator. On Saturday, atCroxton, a woman named Anna Towl, aged forty-four years, the wife, of Martin Towl, a farmer, was haviog tea with the members of her family, and talking cheerfully the while. Suddenly, without the slightest warning, she fell backwards on the floor. Her children rushed to her assistance, and found ber dead. She appeared in good health np to the moment of her death, and made no com plaint of any kind. The cause of death was disease of the heart. A Mansfield telegram in yesterday's Age says: — "The remains of foe missing man, James M'Nslly, were fonnd on Tuesday, near Martin's .Gap, four miles from where he was last seen. It is evident that a horrible murder hss been com - mitted. H1b head was severed from his body, his skull fractnred, and a portion of his neck -bone detached from foe body and headC His clothes were disordered, indicative 'of "violence. No money was fpnnd an foe body. Deceased . had £19 when he left iutma. His pocket-knife was fodnd beside him. He' was lying on bis back, with arms extended, the body being very much decomposed. An official inquiry has been ini tiated." Trevalla are again becoming plentiful in Corio Bay. It will give some ides of the extent of trade done here io wild fowl since the commencement of the ebooting season (remarks the Geelong Ad vertiser ), if we state whathas been foe experience of a dealer. From the 20th to' the 3lEt of Decem ber (nine working days), not fewer than 3150 couples were passed through his hands. Of these 2227 couples were sent to the Melbonrne market, 167 couples to Ballarat, 102 couples to other markets, and 653 couples were sola for consumption in Geelong. The inquiries to be made by the authorities into the physical characters of some of the immi- granta sent to foe colony cannot . (foe Daily. Telegraph thinks) be made a moment too soon, if all statements be true. A woman named Char lotte Paine, aged sixty-eight years, who has been only two years in foe colony, but who had enffered for forty-one years from disease of foe spine, applied to be admitted to the Benevolent Asylum on Thursday, bhe stated that she came out assisted by two of her sons, who had paid about £S. Both of these sons were well off in Melbourne, and engaged in business, but they wonld do nothing to t her. Her apnlication was refused, bnt the secretary was directed to write to the sons, and also to Mr Moody, of the Immi gration Office, calling attention to the statement, in order that steps might be taken to ascertain the truth or otherwise of the old -woman's story. Bather more than two hundred persons have already joined foe lately established Victorian Industrial Protection League. The Esaeodon line of the Victorian Railways will be re-opened for traffic on the 9th of this .month. . According tothe Geelong Adeerffrer, the fanners in the Bellerine district speak very despondicglv about the harvesting. It is considered that not a third "of foe land sown will be reaped. In many .places foe cereals died away, and gave place to wild tares, cockspnra. and other weeds; and in others they were .mown down for hsy, with very unsatisfactory reealte. There are only four far mers In the whole of foe district who are men tioned as having good crops." The first consignment of sparrows was .on Thursday night (writes foe Pleasant Creek Chronicle ) sent- np to Mr Gutierrez, who' has no doubt given them , into proper hands for turning out, as he expressed himBelf to that effect. Mr .Cherry's little lot have DOtyet come to hand, bnt there seems to be "bnt little doubt that this useful bird will now be well introduced, and should be \- protected for six months at least. \- Diphtheria (eays the Af. A. Mail) hss Bgain made its appearance within foe precincts of foe town, fod' as has frequently happened before, the high and dry places .which are considered the most, healthy have been the first to afford foe un welcome visitor a resting place. The Creswick Advertiser hears that foe rust is malriog havoc with the crops in and around Bnlisrook. A fine, bnt small patch of bearded wbeat in a paddock adjoining the Telegraph hotel appears to have escaped foe ravages of-tbe pest. I should tike to know," asks " Atticns," "Under foe Verandah," who is responsible for foe' break-down of tbe Back Creek sypW Every one denies any share fo the blunder. Mr Shakespear is blameless, for he wained Mr Chris- tophsreon against using foe rapes that were Intended for foe drainage of Melbourne. Mr Chris- tophereon obj ected to use ffaem, bnt was .con- BtrafoeA by Mr Sullivan. Mr -Sullivan only sng- gestea their employment at foe suggestion of some of foecoUeagnes, who thought they wonld do very T 7 L.eSl?s,fnes deny tht they ever interfered Jfe matter. Y must confess that I'do not very wefreee how Mr Christopheraon can shuffle out of the blsme. Be had -ample warning that the pipes-were sot strong enough for the purpose to which . - he - proposed- to put them. T-fae mumfocturere, Messrs IhJrbafrhe, hearing of - foe pressure to which the pipes weird "J? snj3«tefi, wrote to 'Messrs Bright Brrthere that foey mnst inevilibly give'l/. Jim letter was shown to Mr. Christophlrson.'ind « raraoffteiifm'fl anly WM elearhe awmfrMAh j? r tlun 1,6 1,6,4 responsible for en8iQeerin« 'Mil should have taught him must prove a failure. The /Irons of Wednesday contained a long p-.per alleged io have been written at Wilhelma- l obe at the dictation of the Emperor Napoleon. to acconnt for bis defeats in the field by foe Prus sians. The Fifeskire Journal, X007 has been placed at our disposal by a ErtCgiber, states that the whole thing is a hoax, and that the paper was written in Fleet street, London. It seems some of the lower class of literary men in London are making money just now by issuing cbeatt eceonnts of the progress of the war, though the writers have only their imagination to draw upon for their facts. The Maharajah of Travancore has consented (writes a Scotch paper) to foe arming of the Nsir Brigade with smooth-bore percussion muskets, on the understanding that do change in the arm will become necessary- till foe proposed new- arms wear out " as His Highness wishes to avoid fre quent costly changes " Snch a etatemoit as this would, we fear, convict His Highness of msuuty if he were to be reported to the Horse Guards. The Standard understands from Germany that the Prussians have abandoned foe intention of bringing np to the siege of Paris foe great 1000- pounder Hruop gun (intended to throw a solid shot of 1212 lb, or ashell of 1080 lb), which many -persons will remember in the Paris Exhibition of 1 867. The reason given is the weight of foe gun, which is equal, including the carriage, to 65 tone, and tbiR would be too great a trial for the temporary bridges and pontoons that would have to he passed. Bnt foe real reason, probably, is theuntrnstworthioess of the monster, which cost £ 15.750 sterling, occupied sixteen months in con struction, and has never been fired. Barlow, the inimitable, accompanied by MIsb Chalker and Miss Florence Lucca, performed to good houses et Apollo Hall, Clones, on Wednes day and Thursday evenings. Professor Frescott, -an old friend of hie, kindly greeted him on Wed nesday evening by sending np, from the back of foe ball," a beautiful balloon thatsailed away gracefully high above foe town, displaying variegated fires. The Theatre Royal was wel! filled last night on foe occasion of a benefit taken by Miss Gertrude and Miss Bessie Gregory. The programme, -which comprised one or two new featv was gone through with that success which has characterised the performances of foe company, «>d if we have any fault at sit to find, it is because Mies'- Bessie was too frequently encored. This afternoon a performance will take place, and In foe evening the Gregorys will sppear for foe last time in Ballarat. 