TUBB MISSIONARY AT KOOTA AND THE CHIEF OFFICER OF THE JASON. THE following correspondence has been for- warded for publication, by order of tho Hon. «the Colonial Secretary : . Aniwa, New Hebrides, July ll, 1871. s¿ Sir,--The annual meeting or the Kew Hebrides Mission bas just been held on this islands the Ber. T. Neilson, jun., of Tanna, 'chairman of the meeting. . Inter alia the follow, lng-minute -was unanituOuely agreed upon, a -copy of which I em instructed to forward to you, with a request that you will, take such ?steps in the case as you may think proper.-I am, Sir, yours very respectfully, Jons INGLIS, Clerk of Meeting. , ÎTo 'the Honorable the Attorney-General of Queensland. , P.S.-Tho agent of this mission is the Ber. Dr. Steel, 77, M'Leay-atreet, Sydney ; to whom ill communications for this mission may be .addressed.; <{007ï OT laVCTE.) 1,1 ïhe attention of this mooting lias ueen , iealloí to a paragraph in the Sydney Morning Mentid of March 21, 1871, copied out of the Xritbatte Courier, being the affidavit of John Irving, -chief officer of the schooner "Jeton" «lade at Brisbane' on the 13th March, 1871, before Robert dray, Esq., J. P., Immigration ' Agent, and is aifoHWa ««I, John Irving, chief of the scneoner "Jason," do solemnly end sincerely declare that tm'tile 24th January, 1871, I wa« sent on «hore in charge of tho boat Ht M he island of Kguna, for the purpose of bringing eome natives on board; on reaching the shore, three of the natives who bad on the previous day agree! to join stepped into tho boat, and, when about leaving, a missionary, whom I believe to be a Mr. Milne, carno down to the beach, accom- panied by a native of the island of Samoa, whom tho captain had seen the previous day, and, by signs, directed the natives to Gre upon ÜB, which they accordingly did, one bullet pass- ing over the gunwale of the boat, and another falling a few yards short of the stern ; I then liostened back" to tho schooner with tho three natives ¡ two days afterwards I again went «shore with the boat, and the native« received me in the most frisvidly way, and I engaged four more s upon asking the natives why they bsd tired upon the boat, they informed me that the missionary had told them to do so, ss he did not like to eoe the natives leaving the island ; I saw nothing more of the missionary. " This charge baa been extensively published and severely commented on in the colonial news Sapors, as if it bad been an indisputable fact, lorcover, tho Acting-Governor in Queensland has referred the caso to Commodore Stirling, of II.M.8. ' Clio,' for investigation, who, on his part, has promised that the matter shall 'be attended to bj the ural of Her Majesty's ships which sails for the South Pacific Islands. " In presence of this meeting Mr. Milne has distinctly and solemnly denied the truth of thc whole statement, so far as it affect* him. He says that ho »as not present when (he boat was fired on, (hat be knew nothing of the matter till several month« afterwards-, being newly settled on the island, and still very imperfectly acquainted with the language, no ono had spoken to him about it, or if they had spoken to him, he liad not onderstood them] or, perhaps they hod purposely Irept silent nhout it, lest he should have rrproved them tor their con- duct. Tho first intimntinn he had of it. was from Mr. Irving himself, when the '.Tastin' carno to Nguna, on her next vnyago, Mny 23. At that lime, when Mr. Milne met Mr. Irving, the latter said 'Aro you Mr. Milne?' he said ho was. 'Oh,' »aid ho, 'you are not the ninn that caused tho nntirrs to fire on tho boot.' This waa the first time that Mr. Milne tnent that such a thing had taken place. On inquiry he found that, two natives of ftarotongff, teachers on tho island, but, like himself, newly settled, were standing within sight fr the hoot when the shots were fired ; but both distinctly deny tint (hey in any way incited tho native) to do so. But the reason why thc boat was fired on was this : Mr. Irving was taking away (hroe natives, ono man and ( wo warnen^ one of the women at least was married, I and was being taken away against lier husband's will ; and it was the enraged husband that fired I tho ono Bhot, and it is supposed to have been Borne person connected with the other woman that fired tho other. I " Thc members of this mission sincorclj sym pathiso with Mr. Milne in tho grare And in I jurious, but unfounded charge, that has been s< solemnly preferred against him; and aseure hin I of their readiness to assist him in every way it I defending end vindicating his character. ! "The members of this mission cannot tot strongly express their abhorrence of the reckless, unscrupulous, end unprincipled conduct dis- played in thc fabrication of this charge, and their surprise ut the readiness with which it has bern believed, and the evident satisfaction witli which it has been commented on by a portion of the colonial press i end they trust that the friends of this mission in particular, and the Christian public in general, «ill learn from this to estimate at their proper value those charges, «0 loudly and so confidently trumpeted forth against the whole, or particular members of this mission, with the view of damaging their testimony agiinBt tho BISVO trade in the New Hebrides. " That a copy of this minute be forwarded to tho Rev. Or. Steel, agent of this mission in 8ydney¡ (he Hov. Dr. Macdonald, agent of this mission in Melbourne ; the Rev. Dr. Copland, Secretary of the Foreign Mission Committee of the Presbyterian Church of Otago and South lund. New Zealand j tho Rev, J. Kuy, Secretary of the Foreign Mission Committee of tho Reformed Presbyterian Church in Scotland ; the honorable j thc Attorney-General of Queensland j and Com- modore Stirling.of if .M.S. CU» ; and that these gentlemen be requested to take euch steps respectively in the case, as cash of them ms-y think «roper." A F&roHTFfTL; ^catastrophe, tho result, it is believed, of tho bursting jf a waterspout, is desaribed os follows in the Cape Town Standard and Mail. The testimony is that of Mr. Franz Hago, one of tho sufferers:-51 In consequence of bearing a loud crash or hurst of noise he hastened outside, and by the gleam of a flash of lightning saw that his stable and waggon'house had been swept away. BT« rushed into the house to fetch his wife and children to try and save them, and the waters came by and around so suddenly and with euoh o tremendous rush that ho waB afraid for their lives. 80 he took a child, his wife took another, and a Kaffir took a third, but his wife went back into the dwelling to fetoh the remaining one. At the moment she entered the house gare way and fi ll, and the water rushed her out. Mr. Franz Hugo thrust forth his hand end caught her. They wore carried down a good distance together, but rite great strength of tho stream hore her away from him. Hoir be wai sired is a mystery to himself, but when lie recovered bc found himself on the side of a hill, his little boy of about seven or eight years being with him. The river of the village, which only ruiiB when lhere are henry rains, was estimated to hare a depth of water of 40 feet, aud the force was so great that it carried everything before it. A building containing twenty-seven coloured people was swept down the village, and by a miracle two out of that number escaped. Leah, a nurse- maid, was sleeping on the floor in Mrs. Arm- strong's room in her usual position-that is, with both hands upraised over her head, hold ins tho pillow on which it rested. The next morning her body WBB found about throe miles down the river, the pillow under hor head, and her bands holding it just as site was lying in tho room. -Although tho committee appointed to inquire as to the number of persons missing from the village report only forty-five 09 deficient, eighty-three bodies bare been buried." It is supposed that persons not connected with the village-farmers coming in that evening, or parties returning from the diamond fields must hare been overtaken hy the rush of thc river, and have fallen victims to its force. Besides the loss of lift, tho destruction to property bas been very disastrous. A memorial to the Government has been agreed upon, ask- ing them to grant 10D convicts to assist in re- pairing the river, and making good other public damages. A. YAKXEE URATOU O' VAVlTAi* jrunaau KEKT.-The following oration waa delivered somewhere io Wisconsin by one of the profes- sion, who would seem to have quite on aversion to capital punishment :-" May it please your Lordship and Gentlemen of the Jury,-Tho case' is clear as ice, and sharp to the point as 'No* from your sweetheart. Th« Scripture saith,'Thou shalt not kill.' Now, if you hang my client, you transgress Ibo command as slick as grease, os plump as a gooae egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, wliethesl committed by twelve jurymen or hy an humble individual like my client. Gentlemen, I do not deny the fact of my client having killed a man ; but is that any reason why you should do so ? No such thing, gentlemen. You may bring the prisoner in ' guilty,' the hangman may do his duty, but will that exonerate you? No such thing ; in that case you will be murderers. Who i among you is prepared for the brand of Cain ta j be stamped on bis brow to-day F Who, free- men- who in this land or liberty and light P I Gentlemen, Ï will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie knife or a pistil in his Docket. No. Gentlemen, your pockets aro odoriferous willi tbe perfumes of cigar cases and tobspco. You can¿tnoke tbe tabacco of rectitude in tbe pipe of a peaceful conscience ; but bani; roy un- fortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse «rill gallop through the internal principles of animal vertebra?, until the spinal vertebrae of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of com- mitting-murder! Beworo, I say, of meddling with the Kternal prerogative1.-beware, I say. Remember thc fate of the man who attempted to steady tho ark, and tremble. Gentlemen, I adjure you, by thc manumitted ghost of tempo- rary sanctity, to do no murder. I adjure you, by tho name of BOIDBII, the tickling timepiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder! I adjure you, by the love you hare for thc esculent and condiments! gusto of our nativo pumpkin, to do no murder! I adjure you, by the American Eagle, that whipped the universal gatnei-ock of creation, and no» sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious tr.inainigration, to do no murderl And, lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect to wear long-tailed coats, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you, if you crer expect to be nnything but a set of micaking, looting, rascally, cut-lhroatcd, braided amwil ends of humaaity, whittled dowu into indistinctiuility, acquit my client, and save your country."-Tlie prisoner was acquitted. 