CHINESE SUPERSTI'TION IN VICTORIA. The following amusing narrative is given by the Bendigo Advertiser : Sergeant Larimer has been called upon to act as adviser to the Chinese at Golden Point. A few days ago Ah Coon, who some years since noted as interpreter at Ballarat, waited on the sergeant to ask his advice upon a very serious matter. Ah Coon stated that one night he was asleep at the Golden Point, when he was aroused by a tapping at the door. He got out of bed, and looking out, saw vanishing in the darkness a misty row of figures with Chinese countenances, and clothed in long flowing white robes. Ah Coon wondered, but seeing nothing more returned to his slumbers. In a few moments the knocking com menced again, and the figures were more distinct, and he saw that the procession was headed by the shade of an old Chinaman with a long white beard. Again the procession of ghosts vanished, again Ah Coon returned troubled to bed, and again the knocking was resumed. This time Ah Coon pondered before he opened the door. He was sure his visitors were from the other world, and he mentally reviewed his past life to try and remember if he had ever made any promises to the dead and left them unfulfilled. He suddenly remembered that when the cemetery autho rities had, on account of the danger, objected to the burning of paper over Chinese graves in the cemetery, he had promised to have a small fireplace and chim ney erected there for the purpose of carrying out the Chinese custom of burning a certain kind of paper at different times over the graves of the departed. This promise he had not carried out, and he was sure that this accounted for the visits of the ghosts. Having arrived at this conclusion, Ah Coon went to the door, and found the ghosts drawn up in a semicircle before him. He addressed the venerable leader in Chinese, promising to have the chimney erected, and apo logised for bringing them out in such weather. Ah Coon has built the chimney and fireplace, and he has since slept undisturbed. The same China man also informed Sergeant Larimer of another ghostly adventure, some years before. This time Ah Coon was awakened by something pulling his shoulder, and when be opened his eyes he saw a large cat with a white breast standing beside him. He knew from the cat's behaviour that it was not of this earth, but it did not appear to understand Chinese when be addressed it in that language, and the animal appeared quite as ignorant of English. Ah Coon then remem bered that in China, the land of his birth, it was gene rally understood that ghosts could not hold pens or pencils. As this cat could not or would not speak, Ah Coon wanted it to write its requests or complaints; but there was a difficulty about holding the pen. Chinese ingenuity, however, soon overcame all diffi culties. Ah Coon got an iron tea-tray and having smeared it over with oil, sprinkled it with fine ashes. The white-breasted cat understood at once. With one of its paws it wrote in Chinese characters on the tray that it was the spirit of a Chinaman, whose body was at that moment lying buried in a drive at Long Gully, near Creswick. It asked Ah Coon to have the body removed from the claim and decently buried, and begged that if such a thing as an inquest was held, the body might not be mutilated. The cat then melted away into thin air, and Ah Coon slept. The next morning he states that he rode to Long Gully, found the body as described, and had it buried after an inquest had been held, at which there was no post mortem examination. Ah Coon wanted the sergeant to advise him as to what he should do in the event of another visit of the same kind, but Larimer informed him that the thing was out of his line. The Australasian furnishes the following rather sensational tale:--"One of those romances of real life which throw the clumsy inventions of professional novelists completely into the shade has just been made public, and is about to occupy the attention of the law courts in this city. The facts of the case appear to be these. In one of the suburbs of Melbourne there re sided a brewer named Graham, who had amassed a large amount of wealth, variously estimated at a total ranging from £50,000 to £100,000. He was an aged man — verging noon eighty — and died somewhat sud denly of congeston of the lungs, occasioned by incau tiously bathing in the sea on the 31st of January last. His soi-disant widow — Mr. Graham having died in- testate- — took out letters of administration, and would have proceeded to dispose of the estate but for the following circumstances : - Thirty days before his death, her 'husband' had addressed a letter to John Lancaster Graham and William Graham, of Beverley, Yorkshire, his two sons by a former wife, whom he seems to have deserted forty years ago. In this letter the old man, actu ated by a feeling of remorse and possibly by a presentiment of death, informs his son that he is a rich man, enjoins them to come out to Australia as soon as possible, because, he says, 'life is very pre carious,' and tells them where to procure their mother's marriage certiflcate and the register of their own bap tism. To this the eldest son replies, under date the 14th March, 1871, in a letter expressive of astonish ment and gratification. One passage from it is worth quoting, on account of its quaint homeliness:--'I assure you the letter was to me as if I had received the communication from Heaven, as all friends and relatives, as well as your children, never expected to hear from you in this world. I cannot express what I felt on reading your letter ; you may con ceive it, but it is beyond the power of any words of mine to express it. The news came to me as of one recovered from the dead. Your wife and my mother has gone to her Redeemer in November, 1860. I am at present in good health, with a wife and eleven children, four boys and seven girls. One of the boys is called after you, Thomas, and a fine boy he is. So you see I must exert myself to find them in food and clothing, which, thank God, I have done by my own hard work, and hard work I assure you it was. I have been working in the foundry for the last twelve years, else I should be very hard pushed to keep the wolf from the door.' The writer of this letter having in the meantime consulted an eminent solicitor, that gentleman communicated with one of the most respectable legal firms in Melbourne, and the latter, in order to protect the rights of the ' legitimate heirs,' moved the Equity Court to restrain the ad ministratrix from dealing with the estate. This led to the production of evidence tending to show that after deserting the mothler of his children — who did not die until 1860 — Graham had married a Mrs. Hud son, but had subsequently emigrated to Tasmania ; that this Mrs. Hudson and her children followed him in 1833, and that the vessel in which they embarked, the Hibernia, took fire at sea, and the pas sengers perished. In 1849 he married a Mrs. Crooke, whose husband, it is alleged, was living at the time of her union with Graham. She denies, however, that Crooke, by whom she had one daughter, was her hus band. This daughter, according to her mother's depo sition, was afterwards living with Graham for some time, and had had a son by him. This was during an estrangement between the soi-disant Mrs. Graham and ' her husband ;' but on his putting away the daughter, the mother returned to her unfaithful spouse. Such is the story as detailed in the correspondence and depositions submitted to Mr. Justice Molesworth, sitting in equity, on the 14th of August last; and we have only to add that one of the sons is understood to be on his way hither for the purpose of establishing his claims to the property of the late Thomas Graham, who had been during his lifetime a builder, a farmer, a publican, and a brewer and had been as successful in business as in his amours." Irish Scenery.--Irishmen may reasonably enough travel for climate; they need scarcely go abroad in search of scenery. Within even a very short distance from the capital, there are landscapes which, for form, outline, and colour, equal some of the most celebrated spots of continental beauty. One of these is the view from Bray Head over the wide expanse of the Bay of Dublin, with Howth and Lambay in the far distance. Nearer at hand lies the sweep of that graceful shore to Killiney, with the Dalky Islands dotting the calm sea ; while inland, in wild confusion, are grouped the Wick low mountains, massive with wood and teeming with rich luxuriance. When sunlight and stillness spread colour over the blue mirror of the sea -- as is essential to the scene — I know of nothing — not even Naples or Amalfi- - that can surpass this wonderful picture. 