My Adventures and Researches in j the Pacific. I PBY A MASTEH MAKIXBB.] I BAKAHANGA AND ITS PEOPLE. (COXTÏSVBD.) THEY have got a church at thia place, on the building cf which they have exhibited an amount ot industry, ingenuity, and perseverance, which reflects upon them tho highest praise, Pew would readily boiieve that such a structure could have been erected by a small community shut out from contact with the world, and a tew years ago '? fire naked savages, never having seen a waite man J. do not by any means exaggerate when I say that their place of worship would bo regarded as a crodit to the inhabitants ot any European or Australian village ; and when we consider that they built it entirely themselves, with no assistance and instruction but that of their native teacher, it may bp justly styled a monument of barbarian intelli gence. It Btands in the middle of an open space < í about half an acre, laid with fine grave!) and sur rounded by a neat stone wall, with gateways facing the four cardinal points. The size of the building is about eighty feet by thirty-five. The walls are twenty-five feet high, three feet thick, plastered per fectly smooth with onow-white coral lime. The doors and windows are lofty-the woodwork most excellent-specially the fanlights over tiro Venetian blinds which fill up the round arches, bein? each carved of a diverse pattern by the hands of different ?workmen. The posts which support the roof are masts of wrecked ships, purchased and broueht from a neighbouring island. The great roof is a marvel of lightness, neatnesss, and strength. The floor was made of a mixture of ashes and lime ; it is level and hard as marble. There were used in making it no less than 300 barrels of wood ashes. The seats are .covered with fine mats made for the purpose. There ¡ara two large stalls enclosed in ornamented lattices, inlaid with mother-of-pcnrl. These belong ,to the household of the king and of the teachers. The pulpit is of considerable height, supported on the top of a tall octagonal stone, finely cut, and is reached by a stair with carved railings. It is of dark coloured polished wood, decorated with pearl as thick as it waa possible to inlay it > round the reading desk aro deep heavy fringes of acarlet mat. The altar is in like manner of dark wood and pearl. The cem munion service ia of solid silver, consisting of a largo salver, a chalice, and an ewer about fifteen inches high ; they an», handsomely chased on the outside, and gilt within. They were taken out of a wreck, and were "purchased by these natives, from a trader, for 250 dollars in beche-de-mer and other produce of their 'island. The building and adornment of this church was entirely a labour of good will- no one was forced by law, Or coerced in any manner to assist (us has been tho case upon so many converted islands). King, teacher«, and people, alike Bhatcd the task, and the heads of each household took upon themselves, in rotation the charge of providing tho food of the artificers. All the inhabitants attend at least once every Sun day, though there is no compulsion. They aro clean and well dressed; their clothing is of their own make, of cotton BtufF of divers colours (which they buy from traders), and very fine palm-leaf hats (which they make in great quantity and sell to traders at one ùollar each). Some are still attired altogether in reata, the outer ones of the form of mantles or Mexican ponchos ; they look well, being worked in putterns of soarlofc and" yellow, and are likewise valuable. The old men wour cloaks of scarlet baize, and carry walking staves tipped with whales' teeth. The costume of tho teacher is decent, but tho cut of his garmonts antiquated, his clothing seeming to have descended to him from aome defunct evangelist of tho lust century-a black coat with an enormous high collar, u waistcoat with ilaps turning buck to the shoulders, and a milled shirt, with his smooth shaven, strongly-marked features, and coal-black hair, and his oarnest attitude when in the pulpit, used to remind mo of tho portraits of Maximilian Robespierre The service is very simple, but impres sive ; thoy havo no responses, tho teacher alono ßpoaking. The Binging ÍB atrocious, and might, with ndvantngo, bo dispensed with, if it were not that the people, especially the youngsters, seem to take exceeding great pleasure in it. Tho prayers of the teacher aro short and appropriate, generally in the same words. Ho begins with a thanksgiving for the preservation of their lives, for the bounty of God's providence in bestowing upon them abundance of food, and of all things necessary to comfort and happiness-specially for tho light of His Gospel and t he promises of salvation-for present quiet, and for tho hopo of that peace which is everlasting. Ho then proceeds to pray for continued security; for the h tossing of tho Almighty upon the households ; for tho safety and prosperity of such of the community au 111,1)' bo absent in other lands (naming tho several places in which they aro knowr. to bo); for tho safety of ulupa; for all mariners; and euell as may bo on the ticiib ; for all such strangers as may havo befriended them (the liakahangans), or in any way shown kindness to any of their people ; for their fellow Ohristiana of Polynesia ; for the succena of missions wheresoever established ; for all heathens in whatso ever lands ; concluding with tho expression of an earnest hope that it might please God to hasten tb.B day when tho knowledgo of himself shall cover the earth as the waters cover tho sea. His preaching is well adupted to tho understanding of his peoplo, - plain, sensible, and without super fluous words. One of his favourite subjects is " persistent industry," of which ho is in his own person a most notable example. He enlarges upon the sin of indolence, the holiness und respectability of honest labour ; he holds to the axiom that "Satan finds Bomo mischief still for idlo hands to do." His cry is, Work ! work ! " See what work has done for you; look at this beautiful church, and that largo school ; look at your village of nice houses ; look at your good clothes and furniture, your boats and nets, and cultivated groundß. What has got you all this, but work, honost work ? lie not covetous, but sell your oil and your mats, and what you have, for n i just and fair payment, so that ye may have abun dance and live comfortably all your days, and ' grow fut, and be thankful to God. Ye who aro young and strong go with good white captains to other landa, and work and come home, :.nd bring with you wherewith to stock you houso- | >i olds, and to clotho your old and helpless relatives. '. Ye who feta}- at home, cultívalo tho ground, so that ye have great store of food, and put tho surplus . thorouï iu your bouts, and. curry it to tho ywyte of . Manihiki (who aro Starving: moat part of the year). Give it m them, that they may thank you and .Almighty God, for putting it ii your hearts to do them gocd.' It' there be any white m^n present, they sit beside the king ; and i: Ls trw crrstom at the close of the servie* for the teacher and the old men to come and shnke b.*nd.s with, them, one by one before they leave th's ir seats. At a short distance from the village is the grave yard. The tombs are of stone and lime, with walks between. Among them are twn graves of strangers, white men who were Unded from whakships to ce buried on stnre: r.toa t'a-5 neting- placea of these unknown wanderer* the islanders have bestowed the same care as up;n those of th^ir own relatives. Here is no v'ile superstition ot demons and ghosts; a Hasahingan will" sit among the tombs in the moonlight, and teii you the names of those who are there buried. Tr.e teacher has a good house, bat he does not mak-i a restaurant or a stew of it, as so many of his class are in the habit of doing.. Traders commonly lodge with the king. But if a stranger visit Tani, "he is always ready with a roast fowl and a cake of baked arrowroot, always desirous to render any honsst service without hint of recom pense. There is no perfume of bullweed in his domicile, no reprobates may lounge about his door : he is honest, kindly, and void of greed. Faults he has undoubtedly, and some grave ones, such as are bred in the bone of the Polynssia, and can never be eradicated as long as their race continues to inhabit the earth; bat it the London Missionary Society could have secured the services of more teachers like Tairi, the social and moral condition of many of the islands of the Pacific, converted ( ?) by their agency, would be such as ordinarily well- meaning men of the world might contemplate with pleasure and satisfaction, instead of, as is too generally the case, with ridicule and disgust. That his position is comfortable he.is indebted to his own industry ; he tr.msocts no business (except i to sell the oil himself and his wife make). He receives no percentage from traders, he takes no fees, he imposes no tax or tithe, no share is paid to him of fines, or property sequestrated by offenders against the laws, and yet he is never in want. The people gave him a piece of land, upon which he labours persistently ; they helped him to build a house and canoe, as they did for every neighbour. He catches his own fish ; he digs his own roots. He ia tho hardest working man on the isle; and it is the pride of himself and his wife that they have never been chargeable to any one. He does not meddle with legislation, but if the people ask his advice he gives it according to his lights. There are n^ written laws on the land, but they aro known and understood by the people. There are no corporal punishments in force here, beyond that of some persons being required to carry sand to fill holes in the public street. Breach of good morals is punished by a fine of tho valuo from one to five dollars in cocoauuts, or mats ; offences of this kind are common ; it is the unconquerable frailty of this people ; they can never be made otherwise. The fact of persona of either sex, married or single, being so convicted, is not considered any disgrace, it is regarded as a joke legal penalties, excommunication from church, or preachi' g of what Sydney Smith waa wont to call " forty parson power," are alike of no avail to keep them straight. One motive which preserves many of them ia the right path is the very strong love they bear one toward another. But the law, as applied to this matter, is a mero form; the king judges, and the rolativea of tho convicted parties all joining in a hearty luugh at the discomfiture of the prisoners, whilo inflicting the fine. In morals they aro no worse than other Polynesian Christian communities, but they aro moro void of hypocrisy. This island is Boldom visited, as it has no pearl, and not much of aught else ; but some small schooners occasional'}' visit them from Tahiti, and so the islanders are able to supply themselves with what they require. According to law, every grown man must go out in his turn to catch fish, or must find a Substitute. The king is ono of the most skilful fisheis. At cer tain times flying-fish aro in great plenty, a^d are cauiihtby torchlight outside of the reef. It is com monjfor tho canoes to como home loaded to the gunwale with these fish, all the surplus of which they dry and soil to traders. When the canoes come home, account is taken of the quantity of the fish therein. If more than sufficient for the family of the men who caught them, the balance must bo divided among the people. The fish are laid out upon the sand, and before being removed, a man, whose business it is daily to perform this duty, advances, and standing bareheaded returns thanks to God for the great blessing of this abundance^ of food, and for tho preservation of tho fishermen from accident or disaster ; certain mon then portion out tho fish. If there bo strangers on the land, their share is first allotted. Besides canoes they have about a dozen boats whicn they handle with great skill. They are all of their own make, sharp at eiich end, after tho model of a whaleboat. They carry twelve mon, besides cargo. They are made with infinite labour of planks, not sawed but hewed from the cocoanut tree, and stitched together with sinnett. Tho sewing tigother of the planks of one boat takes about 1000 fathoms of line. They are sohorner rigged, the sails of cotton duck of which they carry great press, the natives, when at sea, beinsr very fond of "piling it on." They are good boatmen, I havo been to sea with them severul times in a living gale of wind in small boats, when there^was nothing for it but to carry onsail and scud for hours before the monstrous "comber«" which would have swamped us in an instant it any thing had happened to check our speed. In making voyages between the islands, sometimes many boats go together, making a small fleet. As Boon as they aro clear of the passage they j uli into a line abreast of tho end of the village where their fami lies are waiting to see them off. The mon of each boat take off their hats, and those on tho'shoro do tho sanio. Tho pilut of each boat prays in a few words for tho protection of God, und for a Bafe return to their homo ; the crow say, Amen ; then at onco lot fall and hoist away everything, and elide olf iuto tho deep sea. These kind of voyages, though constantly under taken by them, are very perilous, na they have no compass or charts ; do not understand the theory of ocean curronts (which are horo vory strong) ; nevor make any nllowanco for len way, and stear only VJ y I tho sun and stars. Their boats are leaky, being sewed j with cords and having no pitch ; it takes two men to | bulo all tho timo. Tb.o nctrcost lund to them is thirty j miles, which cannot he seen from a hoat more than ten, and, if once they get to leeward, between the trade-wind md the current, they cannot work back. Nevertheless thus ill-provided, they do not fear to knock about from island to island, and ia this manner have they many timea visited landa 300 miles*away, and even found their way to the Navigators Isles. They are all smokers, both men and women, but the latter are forbidden bylaw to smoke pipes, being restricted to cigarettes of tobacco rolled in palm leaf. They are not drunkards, although they have no Hw to prevent any of them from buying spirits from traders if they choose. Very few ot them will drink any intoxicating" liquor, although I have known them to keep bottles of wine and run for years in their chests for the sole purpose of heine able to offer it to any white men who might chance to visit their houses. God be with them ! They have fewer vices, and more good qualities than the generality of isolated harbarians, whom the progress of discovery in the nineteenth century has brought into contact with civilised man ; and of the strange peoples with whom I have had occasion to make acquaintance in the course of many years of wanderings, T do not know any of whom I have a more loving remembrance. 