LINKED WITH "HOME." —Yours, &c.;, S.G. MEE. SIR, —Every one of your readers must, I am sure, have perused with intense interest the able and eloquent Report of the Superintendent of Electric Telegraphs. Even the most stolid of our community must have felt a glow of delight while pondering over the assurance of Mr. Cracknel], that very soon we shall be able to converse with " home"—" ere the leviathan can •wim a league!" Amidst all the turmoils of the time, Science (in this instance " the hand maid of God") baa been steadily pursuing her course—not in the invention of instruments of destruction and muniments of war, but for the sublime end and purpose of uniting into one great Brotherhood all the peoples of our planet. " The first cable ever laid," says Mr. Oracknell, " was between Dover and Calais, in the year 1851;" and no doubt conversing across the Channel (22i mile?) was, at that time, con sidered a splendid and exhilarating triumph; but scarcely over two decades will have passed when, lo! from the Brisbane to the Thames there will be an almost instantaneous communi cation ! Yet one of those so-called " dreamers" —the poets—very many years ago adumbrated this event—in so far as the whole earth is con cerned. Alexander Pope assured the people of his day that— The tiTe shall come, when, free as seas or wind, Unbounded Thames shall flow for all mankind, Whole nations enter with each swelling tide, And ««m but join tlu regions thi'y divide; Earth's distant ends our glory sh;dl behold, And the new world launch forth to seek the old ! The line italicised appears to me truly pro phetic. Seas shall no longer sever us. " I'll put a girdle rouni the earth in forty minutes," says the ideal " Puck : " the real Whentstone will do it in less than half the time! And yet how strangely apathetic the world—even a few years ago—was to the early exhibitions of the soon-to-be-all-embracing Electric Telegraph! Dr. Spencer T. Hall, in one of his beautiful papers to the Manchester Weekly Times (under the title of " Recollections of Remarkable Per sons"), tells us how, at a meeting in London of the Society of Arts in 1t?43, " another event" (interspersed with the events of the evening) has often since filled him with wonder. " Ar rangements had been made," he says, "for exhibiting at that distinguished national Institution a test of the powers of the then newly-invented Electric Telegraph, and a wire for the experiment had been passed through a wall into the very room where the meeting was being held, from another room adjacent. The time appointed for its exhibition arrived, but the meeting (a very numerous one) was in such • state of talk on other matters, that several times the parties in charge of the experiment came into the room and begged for anyone as a favor to give them a message for a test. This waß at length given, and the experiment being successful, a gentleman cane into the room and in exultant terms tried to draw attention to the fact; but instead of attention being called to it from the chair, and due importance attached, it was scarcely done, if done at all ; and an event which ought to have been recorded as not only one of tbe most important in the history of that Society, but of the world, produced little more effect upon either chairman or meeting than the dropping of a lighted match would have pro duced on a heap of enow." Strange—almost affecting—is it to read of the apathy displayed towards the early experiments of those doubt leas enthusiastic eons of Science, who (to quote a warm line of Mr. Cmcknell s report) probably even then had in their heads the thought of "girdling tbe earth with the electric teleg.aph!" Yet, thank Heaven ! even apathy cannot ever extinguish genius and enthusiasm — no more than "Scrooge" could extinguish the light issuing from the head of « The Ghost of Christmas Past." In a very short time the whole federated world shall be brought to see and to confess (a* Oliver Wendell Holmes Beautifully tells v?) that— The smallest fibres weavs the strongest bands— In uarrowe.-t tubes the sovereign nijtves are spun— A little cord along thi; deep-sea sands Makes the live ihuught of several cations oue : 