BACHELORS. i ; (from the Court Circular.) ' ! Lim. the buttons which bear then name-the solid matter of the graduates gown and the pretty little flower - the pink of inconstant " catclvriies/' thus uribofanicall) designated, there are bachelors, laid and'soft-motallic^in more than one sense and of squashy squee7 able musicals the species includes as min) natural a me ties as the rabbits of the old Joe Miller joke - hot and cold, young and old, fender and tough There is the model bachelor, of as horn etc type must necessarily be good Mr PickAUok, just as Mr Samuel Weller (junior) was the (man what of the eccentric Chcbhne lad j's "gentleman" Bland and beneVolent, a generous "Warm" man-be not alarmed, ladies, We do not use the adjective in its ci otic senses this truly jolly bachelor He remains single Autloui eAei becoming selfish IP a club he may belong, and take his chu ping pint of claret thrice a week; at the side table of the Gauick, but he is a coveted guest at the dinner table of private families on account of his genial temper, his jocularity? and his bonhomie The men are content to be his satellites and to bury themselves in his moral sheen 'the ladies adore him, for, although an immutable old bachelor, and known so to be, he is every men of him a ladies' man At lorne a\ with all sorts and sues the true PicltAvickian Caleb's is ready to dance a stately minuet aaiII the Dow aged Lady ïolhmglower, to kiss the girls (2 dear old thing") no matter whether under the mistletoe 01 under the lose to jest with the jun armies, and to crack nuts or to play at cat's cradle with the smaller, children Such a bachelor as this is never old His age is given, frosty, but kindly , ape] as spine people were never born, but accost you in Pall Mall - ready-made men of forty and fifty-aecogmscd at first sight, for old acquaintances-so our sample single gentleman never dies, any more than a King or Queen Regent He is a (land of King Arthur he may disappear. but not " under hatches " Our own belief has always been that his death is a neArbiitl,1' after the manner of Dickens's fiddler in the " Christmas Carol," also burned his face in a pot of porter between the dances, and rose again bran nOAA " j More ordinary bachelors, if tolerably young and a well-to-do must beware of match-making mammas These men " are on their prefer- ment, hateful phrase-and ticketed as elis gible parties If, after awhile, as poor Sola used to sing "-They come to dine And drink his wine, But still, but still, they don't pi opose ' Papa may, and possibly will, ask the bachelor about his intentions, and the confused " old boy " cannot tenaciously reply, as did a friend of our own, that he is too young to have any Then mamma sets her snares She sows seed in the shape of balls and indigestible suppers for the chance of raising quit a thousand fold m land and funded property La en miss in her teens is said to be a sly pass If you submit to her the choice of boiled fowls or hashed Aeniion she may blushingly Whisper a request ! 1 for a little deer, or make "love" out of the sugary confection of the plum cake.".- "TIF; > is- your iecórü."that. a smart young lady at the Zoological "Gardens, in reply to a commonplace . observation of her companion about the weber that terrible Zwr-cpnstiictor in England told her attendant Swain to go, along Lands Ask papa.", wheat- eas took refuge in the shrubbery and has not since been seen. ¡. I ' Bachelors of the ''-Avoodcn-spnon " variety in a pecuniary, not a mathematical tripos sense against put up with the cold shoulder of mutton at the dinner- table, and perhaps more unsatis factory " cuts " out of doors., If admitted at all to the houses of the upper set, the young man must work hard and learn to live, on lobster-, salad without the " shell-fish." isthmus dance with plain girls and, superannuated spinsters, past praying for, until, the waltzing and the gi een-gooseberry-champagne ? upset his equilibrium, and humility has a fall on the chalked floor. He must fag at 'supper-time like an un- paid Avaiter; and whilst he makes no friends, with his lair commanders because he fails to execute their orders from sheer impotence to reach the sideboard, his foes include the immense multitude of,,',' dragons," whose dresses are disarranged by the bachelor's erratic movements in the midst offer crowd, mothers into > whose laps he too prodigally pours the mock sherry and seltzer water on his way to the fairy in flóunces','and'elderly gentle men of acidulated' and acrimonious temper's on Avhoso'gouty feet he involuntarily treads. (You are in for it, wooden-spoon- Hespica sortent Vestigia nulla 'rcfrorhitin-except to the first floor of Mrs. Sudd'á 'Apartments for single men, where ladies arid dogs "' are inadmissible, so pay your footing and stick to your choice. Debtor's without means, or with fish, press pectá,'''are'often, like the debtor who would stay out of his prison too late of nights, sentenced to assist out' altogether." They,- the scorpions of society, rhust'thciî perforce . > " Dine at a chop house on tough bit of real ; ! A ravenous rut would not envy the men]," . , , ' The' rationale' is easily explained. They were either always outside, or, once in, were 'turned 'out again' because they would not do their work. Only rich bachelors may, the drones; the poorer bees must be busy ones, or they will be sent about their business. To be or not to be is a vital question for them; and should be solved, by nll*HÍA-c-ites who would rather not be dislodged from the Land of Promise. Some bachelors, 'again', offend mamma by not paying proper attention to her plainer daughters ; others' by permitting to " call " A piece of pasteboard is a necessary preliminary to a dinner imitation ; and if you fail, after the banquet, to pay the ville de digestion you are, to quote the words of Tririculo, but a lost monster-a Caliban of rudeness likely to be reduced to poverty and pig-nuts ! The LATFST.TinNo out Ex Astracan, Sectaiu vessel. -The Cincinnati fromme rial informs its leaders that great religious excitement exists at a place twelve miles from Paterson. A new, religious, society; called "Jehovah's Band," has been started, supplanting a favourite station of the Methodist Church, The Methodists sent their best preachers to combat the heresy, but they are repudiated j each in his turn is forced to leave: The pctulioruform of worship developes itself in puffing, blowing, whistling, shout big, jumping, wrestling, falling on the, floor, and rolling over, and kicking. Both women and men engage in the exercise.' Baptism is by immersion in the a large mill-pond at the dead hour of night. On Sunday they hold continuous services, and taken recess for meals] only, refusing to read a newspaper or eAentoieceive a letter on that day. A wealthy and well-to- do farmer of the neighbourhood is the chief man of the band, and, recently had his house rebuilt espe ' costly to accommodate the brethren ; one room, rest- ing on strong beams, has Stood the jumping ; but a short time ago an ardent member, in a paroxysm of fanaticism, declare feel that when filled with the Holy Ghost he felt as light as an, and even though he jumped upon a looking- glass he would not so much as bruise it with a scratch, whereupon he began to leap upon the stone hearth and broke it off, and then, leaping on the top, -broken in the frail covers; and finally smashed ironing rocking-chair before he subsided. Recently a convert to the new faith a man I of family-way baptised in the Kramer's mill-pond, before the members "of" ITie" bandsmen"" shouts and cries theiAvhblo of the band athone,time.sluiuting " file," to the slander their neighbours, it being then after midnight. One of the band told a reporter that as he sat as net- work in his barn he got the spirits and that he ran. a mile over ditches and fences before the spirit left him, and all-this time he was 'so stated that he thought he was flying. They will not allow any one excepting those belonging to the band, to join with them in singing or jumping, or any other of their exercises although no objection is made to the attendance of" outsiders at the meetings of the hand. A dozen people will have, the floor at one time, pounding and kicking, and the whole crowd! seems worked up to a" fearful state of excitement ; some jumping until they fall,-, the women shrieking in the wildest manner, and others, praying, whistling, or puffing, as if for a wager. They permit no levity on the part of the young folk during the proceedings. One of the band, whose name is mentioned, is thought to be growing insane under the excitement of this religious frenzy There is no doubt that the members of the band are sincere enthusiasts. The society now numbers over Aa e hundred members. The Gux Trade at Bihujnoham.-a trade better, from Birmingham' says :-" Great activity is still apparent in all those ' industries which minister to the war like necessities of the time, and the gun and ammunition makers in particular are hard driven to meet the wants' of their customers'. At the initial tion as works the manufacture of Chassepot and Snider cartridges is' being prosecuted day and night, and if the gun trade as. a whole is not equally busy, it is simply owing to the difficulty of procuring in. sufficient notifies the 'breechloading actions ', adapted to the arms which are just now in' especial request'.' The limitation of the manufacture, combined with the pressing demand for military guns on account of the French, Italian, and other Governments, his raised, prices in this branch to an unexampled point. As much as £6, £67,, and even more per gun has lately been paid for admission bulk, which less than four months ago might have been sought for one-third that money; and, as these are the prices' paid by dealers, who' expect to make large profits by the re-sale of the goods to foreign customers, the ultimate cost of the guns must be something enormous. The number of military breechTpadefs, however, which Birmingham is able,to,supply is very limited. The largest firm engaged in the manufacture cannot turn out more than 1000 a week, and it is doubtful, if all the other private makers together produce more than? thrice that number. At the local small arms factory, where facilities exist .for-tho-'inanufactuie of these guns on a large scale, the whole resources of the establishment are employed in the execution of orders for the British Government. A curious fact in connection with the production of war material here is that, although the sword' bayonets for the Chassepot rifles are sold with the guns in Birmingham, they are, like most of the cavalry swords supplied in this country, imported from Prussia, which is thus unconsciously arming the French." The Princess Alice and toe Wahring. Grieve, who has lately returned from the Continent, gave a second lecture on the war, at Howden. After relating general incidents connected with his experience in the hospitals, he gave some most interesting particulars as to the Princess Alice of Hesse Darmstadt, to whom he had a letter of introduction, and who received him very kindly. She had given up one wing of the palace as a hospital for the sick and wounded, and paid frequent visits to the patients. Although they were about 200 in number she knew them all by name, and, for a lady, was remarkably well up in medical terms, knowing almost all the diseases under which they were suffering. Always smiling and happy, her cheerfulness seemed to be reflected into the hearts and countenances of the sufferers, as he appreciated her kindness and were always glad to see her. The grounds of the palace were very beautifully laid out, and on fine afternoons the Princess personally superintended the removal of the patients who were strong enough to bear it out into the fresh air. He had frequently seen her foot- man carrying a bed or mattress, and the Princess and her maid following carrying blankets, Se. At the doctor's second interview with the Princess a tole-, gram was brought in to her,-whieh-she opened in his presence. 'It'contained'the-nows'idi. the surrender of Sedan. On reading, it, 36ins said, 1". Another great victory; thank "God,:Ini,dvvigf is safe."' . Her brooding for the help of the sick and wounded seem to 125 of the most earnest and indefatigable character, any wonder that she those universally beloved. Tur. "DaviíxÍ'Out , ¡DitoTunîi's Detected and Ex, pn'fiÈrj.-The''J'jin/ery reporter gives an account of the detection and exposure do the truck, of the Devonport, Brothers in tho^'fóllovrfng terms: "the 1 Davenport' Brothers who servant to have spiritual paid in giving their exHibitions/ were lately detected, in their tricks and pub^^y/'èjqiçscd at Bay City 'Michigan.' the Brothers claim that, the hands that present themselves from theodolite are spiritual, and not flesh and blood. When the 'spiritual band made its appearance, a gentleman on the platform seized it and besmeared it with printer's ink, which nothing short of oil orchestra alkali will remove. When the brothers came forth into the light they were marked men, the printer's ink still remaining upon their hands. They were received with hisses and groans, after which the audience dispersed." - 