SANDHURST AS IT IS. (Br oub Special Ooktbibutob.) No. 1. Sandhurst, or the Bendigo of the early diggings ens has always been stated by those whose in terest it was te talk tall bf the place, to extend from Kangaroo Flat to Epsom, and eren the in- habitants of the rival metropolitan gold-field, who turned np their noses at Sandhurst and Sand hurst stock, were fain to admit that it was a tidy little place, cover the area between Golden Square and the White Hills. These hallucina tions of the past have been swept away, memory's landmarks have been overthrown, and the limits of the city Have been anew defined with greater accuracy than they ever were witn chain and theodolite. G. G. Consolidated took the initiative in the alteration, itnd Golden Fleeces and Richard Heales have effectually com pleted the change of boundary. The Sandhurst of to-day extends from the Beehive verandah to the Shamrock hotel, a distance of not raany yards, and in that somewhat circumscribed space breathes and lires the JBendigonian proper, and the float ing population that dreams of wealth and visionB of treasures untold, have drawn to the northern goldfields. Sandhurst, some few months ago, was plodding along, the despised of BaUarat, a veri table terra incognita to outside miniag speculators. Gold was. struck in a reef called the G. G. Con solidated to euch an. extent that a sport was created that haa since developed into the " fastest time on record/' Other reefs started into existence, and the ball has thus been kept: rolling. At present, interest centres on Golden Fleece, with Eos. 1, 2, and 3 tributes, on what is known as the Stafford line. Then comes the Richard Heales, Avondale Tribute, No. 1 ; South Stafford, Avondale Com pany, and Tribute No. 2, Clara, and the Ghost Severn. On the Hustler's line there is the Great Extended Hnstler's Tribute, Extended Hustler's Freehold, Hpteial Hustler's, Hustler's Consols, with very lwtioiround ; the Royal Hustler's, Hustler's ' Beasrib, and the City of Sandhurst. \- On the Gauden Golly line comes the Garden Gully United, and Tributes Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 4 ; the Rainbow, and Cox's Pioneer. Of course, there are hundreds of other reefs heard of to-day, sought after by speculators, all tared by the smallnesa of the outlay necessary for investment, and whdeb, perhaps, will never be heard of after to-morrow. The abovenamed reefs are, however, the favourites, and although those on the Stafford line are said to be living on the smell of the Golden Fleeces, they must, without a doubt, be looked upon as possessing all the attributes necessary for legitimate speculation. Thus much for the cause that has brought Sandhurst into prominence, and induced the habitue of the Collins street Ve randah and the Batilarat Corner to desert their haunts for fresh fields and pastures new. In order to see for. myself what Sandhurst was like, £ took my seat in the afternoon train from Melbourne on Thursday, and after having talked reef for four hours, with a break caused by refreshment at ELynefcon, I found myself in due course deposited on the railway platform of the newly- created me- tropolis. If its prosperity has increased, I think its dust has increased in proportion, tot amid whirlwinds of what appeared to be veritable brick- dust, I arrived with something like the complexion of an Ojibbeway Indian, at the Shamrock. Al though fully aware that sleeping accommodation in Sand hurst exists but in name, I went through the usual formula of asking if I could have a bed, a question that brought to the lips of the guardian of three large ledgers a smile of contemptuous pity at what he, no donbt, deemed to be my gross ignorance. The query as to the probability of obtaining a shakedown met with no ready re sponse in the affirmative, but after runniifg his finger down columns and columns of names, the tutelar guardian of Heffernan's went throngh the solemn mockery of booking me for a shakedown. This arrangement concluded, I strolled to the Beehive, and must confess that I was somewhat disappointed in the first, impression I received of the Sandhurst mania. Report had taught me to expect a dence crowd of ex cited holders of shares, hoarsely bawling what stock they had for sale, handing over sheaves of scrip, and receiving in exchange bundles of bank notes, or cheques at least for three figures. Fancy pictured to me a heated swelling crowd, surging and swaying, crushing and roaring under the influence of the prevalent mania. Of this there was none. True, con gregated outside the Victoria there was a slight orderly crowd, but seemingly more intent on doing a bit of blow than any great amount of business. I was informed, however, that businesB was slack, and that I had hit upon a bad day for my visit of inspection, but was at the same time requested to curb my impatience until the evening. I with held forming au opinion, and took stock — not brokers', but human. Truly a motley assem blage was congregated under that verandah. There stands a quiet, unobtrusive-looking man, whom, I am told, is worth £300,000 ; and next to him a brawny Teuton, who, between reefs and tobacco, could return to his native land and buy a principality. Here we see a clay-stained miner respectfully listened to by a knot of well-dressed men, book and pencil in hand, as he gives his opinions on a certain line of reef. R»hhing shoulders against the verandah-post are numbers of individuals who seem to be doing nothing, and whose facial expression is such that no sane man would care about transacting business with them, except on the principle of scrip with one hand and cash with the other. There is the horay man, all spurs and strapped trousers, who, while chewing a straw, ruminates on what stock he shall invest the few. pounds in his pockets. Mysterious individuals, greasy as to hair and to ooat, glide amongst the crowd, and insinuatingly intimate that they can put you on to a sweet thing at a low figure, or, producing a hit of quartz from some pocket, . invite some specially-favoured individual to look and wonder, following up f-he remark by a statement, made superlative by a string of expletives, that the specs were natural, and could not have been put there. The street is locked up by buggies and spring carts, the latter having con veyed from E&gleh;&wk; and Kangaroo Fiat traders who, leaving their businesses to take care of themselves, have a flutter, and are called floaters, and who, as poon as the excitement is over, will quietly float "back again to their butcheries and bakeries. Melbourne, too, is well represented. There is Medic us, rosy as to gills and short as to stature who has quitted Collins street, his brougbtatf IMjfelr ofgreys, to look nfter bonnubisl Gdlden Fleeces. Here is "" ' I' 'I Ct.it - " 4 ' a barrister, an ex-member of Parliament, as ready with his pocket-book as the oldest jobber,, mid here we have- another member of the House, Who assumes a virtue if he has it not, and tell one, without being asked, that he is up on county court business. The occupation of canal' pro moters being gone, they torn their attention to' quartz, and appear on the scene evidently think ing that feathering their own nest is more pro fitable than going in toe philanthropic irriga tion, or endeavouring to confute Colonel Sankey by formulas of which square and cube mote are the principal characteristics. The nautical pro fession is not unrepresented. I see the figures of two skippers, whose well-known figures have long adorned the bridges of cer tain intercolonial steamers, steering their way clear of the sandbanks of bogus com panies, or sering rocks ahead in the many good things that are put before them. Here is another Melbourne man with a decided penchant for Alectomachia and unbounded Louisa, and several other little foibles which betray a sportive mind, but who for the nonce has cast pleasure to the winds, and has gone in for making money, and has, I am informed, succeeded in doing so. The Ball&rat; brigade is also to the fore, and Jim, in his velvet coat, collars as many Richard Heales as he can, and vows he will never go home. M'Gill, of the flnent tongue, indulges in flowery discourse, commencing with cross-cut drives, and ending in an eloquent peroration. Another old friend meets my view, viz., the talented canine Schneider, who has migrated from the Waxworks to give Sandhurst lessons in spell ing. So wags the Beehive - world along, quietly and orderly, doing, I am told, more "business than is patent to the casual observer. As evening approaches the Beehive is comparatively deserted, and the Shamrock becomes the centre of attraction. The large roem attached to the hotel, . which serves as brokers' office, mining exchange, and dining- hall, begins to fill about 6 o'clock, for even speculators need something more than scrip and excitement. So the dinner tables are crowded, and edibles appear and disappear with wonderful celerity. Plenty there is, and that of a sort not to he disdained by a hungry man, though the surrounding circumstances preclude one from expecting a cuisine recherche, or much attention to be paid to table appointments. 