BROUGHAM ON GHOSTS. Tired with the cold -of yesterday, I was, glad to take' advantage of a hot bath before -I.turn.ed in- And .here, a .most re markable, thing happened: to me — so re markable that I must tell the story from the beginning. After I left the High School, I 'went with :G——~, iny most UXUUUUVV J-fc*W. »'— , »**- . *— — «w~ -**^. .V»»W V..UVWMWM ? ? ? the University. There was no divinity class,, but we frequently in our walks dis cussed and speculated upon many grave subjects ? — among others, on the im- . mortality of the soul, and on a future state.' This question, and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walkings but of the dead appearing to ihe living, were sub jects of much speculation ; and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our blood, to the effect that whichever of us died the first should appear to the other, and ' thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the 'life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the college, G ? went to India, having got an appoint ment there in the civil service. Me seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost for gotten him ; moreover, his family having little connection with . Edinburgh., I seldom saw or heard anything of them, or of him through them, so that all the bid schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten his existence. I had taken, as I have said, a^ warm bath ; and while lying in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat, after the late, freezing I had undergone, I turned iny head round, looking towards the 'chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was : about to get up 'out of the bath. On the chair sat G ? , looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses 1 found myself sprawling on ;the floor. The ap parition, or whatever it was, that had taken the likeness of G— — — , had disap peared. This vision produced such a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about it even to Stuart ; but the impression it made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgptten ; and so strongly was I affected by it that I iave here written down the whole history, with the date; ' 19th ^ece^riber, 'and 'all the pstfticfiiarBi as they afcre ! now ! fresh; before mp. Nol f.doub£ I had fallen asieep '~ £ifir -fr that'0, the app^aranise presented ' so distinctly - to ' my eyes was a dream,' I- cannot for a moment doubt ; yet for years I had had no com munication with G- — -, nor had there been anything to recall him to iny recol lection ; nothing had taken place during our Swedish traVelS either connected with G- — -or with ./India, - or with anything relating to him,, or to any member, of his family. I recollected quickly enough our old discussion, and! the bargain .we had made. 1 could not discharge from my mind tne impression tnat u — — ;must have died, and that his appearance to me was to be received by me as proof of a future state ; yet all the while I felt con vinced that the whole was a dream ; and so .painfully vivid j and so unfading was the impression, that I could not bring myself to talk of it, or to make the slightest allusion to it. I ^finished dress ing; ; and, as 'W'e had agreed' to make an early start, I was ready by 6 o'clock, the hour of our early breakfast. Brougham^ October 36, 1862.— I hive just been copying out from my journal the ac count of this Bjfcrange dream : : Oer tissima mortis tniago ! And now to finish the story, jbegun above 60 yeajra since.' Soon afteri. my return to Edin Durgn, unere arrived a letter irom India, announcing G — — ^s death' and stating that he had diedpnjhe. 1 91ih of December ! Singular coincidence ! Yei when one re flects on the vast number of dreams which might night after night pass through our brains, the number of coincidences, be tween the vision and Bie event are per haps fewer and less remarkable than a fair calculation of chances would warrant us to expect. Nor is it surprising, consi dering the variety of our thoughts in sleep, and that they all bear some analogy to the affairs of life, that a dream should sometimes coincide with a. contempo raneous or even with a future event. This is not much more wonderful than that a person, whom we had no reason to expect, should appear to us at the very moment we had been thinking or speak of him. So common is this, that it has for ages,' grown into the proverb,' ' Speak of the devil-' I believe every such seeming miracle is, like every ghost story, capable of, explanation. There never was, to all' appearance, a better authenticated fact than Lord Lyttelton's ghost. ^1 have heard my father tell the stOTy; but coupled with, his entire convic tion! that 'it was either a pure invention, or the accidental coincidence of a dream 'with the event. , He had heard the parr ticulars from a lady — a Mrst Affleck, -or some such name — during a visit he made io London about the year 1780, not very long after the death. The substance of what he heard was, that Lord Lyttelton had for some time been in f ailing. health ; that he was ' suffering 'from a heart com--, plaint ; that a few days lief ore. his death he; related to some female , friends who: were living in his house in London an extraordinary dream, in which a figure appeared to him and told him he should shortly die ; that his death, which really . took place a few daysjaf ter the dream, had ? been very sudden, awingrnio 'doTnn~~txr ihe_ heart disease. My father was con vinced that the female tendency to believe in the marvellous naturally produced the statemant that the moment of the death had exactly corresponded with the time as predicted in the dreain. The ' story was told 'with: corroborating' circumstances—one of which was. the. attempt to cheat the ghost by altering the hour of the clock; and the tale ob tained a surprising degree of credit, con sidering the unsubstantial foundation on .which it really rested. On all such sub jects: my father was very sceptical. He was very fond of telling a story in which he had been an actor, and, as he used to say, in wnicn n-s . unoeiieying oostmacy had been the means ot demolishing what would have made a very pretty ghost story.: He had dined one day in Dean's Yard, Westminster, with a party of young men, one of whom was his inti mate friend, Mr. Oalmel. . There was some talk about the death of a Mrs. Nightingale, who /had recently died under some melancholy circumstances, and had been, that day buried' in the Abbey.' Some one of the party offered to bet that no one of those present would go down into the grave and. xlrive a nail into the coffin. Cahnel accepted the wager, only stipulating that he might have a lantern. He was accordingly let into the cathedral by a door out of .the cloisters, and then left to himself. The dinner party, after waiting an hour or more for Oalmel, uegau. *,o uhiik somesiiing must nave nap pened to. him, and that he ought to be looked after. So my father and two or three more got a light and went to the grave, at the bottom of which lay the apparently dead body of Mr. Oalmel. .He was quickly transported to the prebend's dining-room, and recovered out ' of his fainting fit. As soon as he could find his tongue he said, ' Well, I have won my wager, and you'll find the nail in the coffin ; but, by Jove I the lady rose up, laid hold of me, and pulled me down before I could scramble : out of the grave.' Cahnel stuck to his story in spite of all the scoffing of his friends, and the-ghost of Mrs. Nightingale would have been all over the town, but for my. father's obstinate incredulity. Nothing would satisfy him but an ocular inspec tion of the grave and coffin ; and so get ting a light, he and some of the 'party re turned to the grave. There, Bure enough, was the nail, well driven into the coffin ; lilt. ha.iv1 fi-rail V»\r i+. -nrao o \\\ii-. nf TUT-w - -v-~v ? ? ? «... ^j. i ? «? w«^ . *SJ *.* HUH U| fJ±V U*. f' ? i Calmel's coat-tail. So there was an end of. Mrs. Nightingale's ghost. This grave afterwards became remarkable for a very beautiful piece of sculpture, by some celebrated artist, representing Mr. Night ingale vainly attempting to ward from his dying wife the dart of death. My father always instanced this as the best piece of monumental sculpture in the Abbey. After this long digression, it is time to return to my journal. — The Life , of Lord Brougham, 