CO \i lies PON D E NO E. To the Editor of the Yass Courier. Sir, — As an outsider anxious to lonrn something of tlio thoughts and feelings of othors on somo of the strange and startling events oT tho prosont time, I have takon the opportunity of tho arrival of tho Itoinan Catholic Bishop of Gonlhurn to study t lio address presented to him by thn Roman Catholics of Vass, and signed nnd rond by Dr. O'Connor. And I cannot refrain from telling you somo of Lho information I liavo derived from it, morn especially as I soo that' yon failod to obtain a copy of it for yourself. With tlio lirsl part of the address no ono who is not a Roman Catholic has anything :o do; it is a hearty, woll worded wulcomo to thoir Bishop, given by tho people, and a congratulation on his snfo return from his Into journey to Roino. But tlio next paragraph is theological, and expresses tho unhesitating faith with which tlio Roman Catholics of Yass receive tho dogma of tlio Infallibility of tlio Popo, in its "fullest, simplest, nnd most explicit senso." Now, it is almost impossible for any reader of this sontonco to rofrain from ask ing, How it is that, without having heard or road all tlio arguments which have boon advanced on \ both sidos of this qucstion, tho Roman Catholics of Yass hnvo boon so quickly nnd so thoroughly convinced of tho truth of a dogma which I myself hav.o in former years heard many a Roman Catholic ropudiato with scorn when ho has boon charged with believing it? Has tho snmo "spocial inspiration," to which tho address attributes tho promulgation of this dogma at Romo, causod tho many unlearned Roman Catholics of tho Yass district at onco to iindorstand nnd accept a dnctrino which transfers at onco tho voico of thoir Church from aGoneral Council to ono man? Or is it that thoy liavo so suddenly and so honrtily accepted this dogma because tlioy nro told to do so, nnd do not for ono momont presume to under stand what the word moans, or on what promisos /.this conclusion hns boon at longtli nrrivod at — n conclusion which, if true, would have rendered utterly unnecessary tho many Church Councils which liavo boon held, lint which has not boon tho tonching of tlio Church until nftor more than oightocn centuries sinoo tho doath of its founder. And suroly it is aourions psychological study how a question which caused so much dohnto, not only in Romo itsolf and in Lho Church of St. Potor's, but throughout tho longtli nnd breadth of Europe, should bo so oasily nnd so quietly accepted in ils broadest senso by the not vory lor.rnod Roman Catholics of tho Yass district. And how n dogma which wns contondod ngninst.with suoli oloquonco and pertinacity by Bishop Dupanlonp, and tho nblost and most learnod Doctors in tho Council itsolf, nnd which is now oponly doniod by such moil as Dr. Dollingor, a Roman Catholic Professor of Theology, nnd up to this timo tho warmest friend nnd ablest champion of tho Church of Rome, nnd by Piiro Ilyacinthe, tho modern Bossuotof the Roman Catholic Church in France, should ho at onco understood in nil its benrings by thoso whoso Toolings aro supposod to bo ropre- sonted in that nddress 1 For suroly it would bo invidious to supposothnt thpy do not understand it thoroughly, sinco thoy have in thoir nddress gono out of tlio way to show thnt thoy do, by tho accumulation oT ndjoctivos characterising tlio senso in which thoy holtl it. No ono can rocoivo nny dogma in ils " fullest, siinplost, broadest, j and most explicit sonso," without, of courso, understanding nil its bearings nnd its full monn- ing. I do not protend to solve tho psychological problem which this extraordinary phonomonon j presents, but merely stato it as n puzzle. But : aftor having read and puzzled ovor this part of ! tho addross, I confess thnt I was fairly dumb- j founded on reading a littlo further on in tho same address tho following soiitonco : — " Tho Imrque , of St. Peter sits soeuroly uioororl on tho Rock of i Christ, changeless nnd uncliangonblo nmid all chango." I pans ovnr thn slight nautical mis take in motnphor, th.d while barques may soiuo- timos bo moored to rocks, thoy aro not gnnorally moored on thnm, ns tlio result of that experiment would nsunlly result in foundering ; hut here I find that a Church which has just made a most limdamontal change in hor doetrinoand teaching — u chango to produco which it was necessary thnt tho Bishops should bo nssotnblod togethor from all parts of tho world — n chango so romurknblo, that according to tlio words of tho address itsolf, it was produced by a " special inspiration " from Itoavon, yet almost in the snmo lironth claims to ho uncliangcahlo. How nro wo poor outsiders to iindorstand this ? We know thnt Roman Catholics aro culled upon to bolicvo many very difficult ( things, but is not this stretching tho lino a littlo too far, tn proclaim a groat, change, and then in tlio snmo bronth to declaro tlio subject of this chango changeless mid unohnngenblo 1 I liitvo boon ringing the changes on thoso words somo timo, nnd yot I cannot iindorstand it. I wonder whether this is n dogma necessary for salvation in tho Church of Roino ns woll as that of Pupal Infallibility. Ilnving roiul tho address, I wns disappointed in not boing nblo to road a full report of tho. roply, but I supposo thnt I mny tako for granted that tho account given in tho authorised organ of tho Roman Catholics is nn accurato one. And hero I sop, first of nil, that somo fow learned men in Gormany have been mado angry nt tho promulgation of that dogmn, but from tlm wording of tho sontonco I cannot find whether lb ia rofers to lenrnod men insido or outsidoof tlio Roman Catholic Church. Suroly it ennnot rofor to tho celebrated Dr. Dollingor, up to a short time sinco tho darling of tho Church — tho nohlo Goliath sent forth to show tho grand intellectual weapons .the Church of Rome could sometimes use ? But if it docs not rofor to him, but to any Protestants, Gorman or otlierwiso, I may bo permitted to difi'or from tlio Bishop, and inform him thnt no Protestant hns boon mado angry by thnt dogma, but that on tho otlior hand many rqjoico heartily in its promulgation, as thoy think it will ho tho lust straw that will hrouk the cainol's back, tho last burden which may goad many good and nohlo moil in tlio Church of Romo info a revolt ngninst spiritual tyranny, and into an unanimous domand for a reformation of tho Church it-olf. Already wo soo tho boginning of this. Alroady wo soe a oloud, it is truo no larger yot than a man's hand, arising in Gormany, in tho fact that tho wholo of Bavarin, Romnn Catholic ns it is, with tho King at its bond, is supporting Dollingor in his oppositions to tho now doetrino unit to tho Vatican ; nnd wo, in our bigotry, as wo shall bo told, aro anxiously waiting and watching for tho timo wlion tho hoavons ubovotho Church -of Romo shall bo darlconod, and a storm shall hurst forth by which she will bo puriliod of all thpso oxOresconcos and additions which liavo boon accumulating for so many conturios. But thoro is ono point moro in this address which I was glad to read, ns now thoro nood novor bo nny mistako in politics for tlio future ns to who is who — " The, Church of Roma is the avowed oicmy to all liberalism." How miser able must bo tho condition of' all hor children in this country of free institutions and popular govornniont 1 IIow vigorously they must liavo npposod tho granting of a Constitution, and how much thoy must look bnok with fond regret to the balmy days when a Governor alono, or a Governor with an irresponsible Council, managed all tho ali'airs of tho colony 1 Could tliuy not. got up n collator revolution and deluge Downing- streot with petitions for tho abolition of tlio Constitution, and for tho appointment of a Governor with absolnto powers, and ono who know how to nso thorn — say, Govornor Eyro, or somo man of tho liko typo. Howovor this may be, it is well for the doctors of Yass and of ovcry otlior' place to remember woll tho words of tho Roman Catholic Bishop, nnd in any futnro elec tion to bear in mind that every Roman Catholic must bo n'ow nn onomy of liberal moasuros in ovory shnpo and form. I did not know this before ; I bad, in fact, looked upon O'Cpnnell, tlio liborntor, as bo was callod, as tho vory quint- ossonco of liberalism ; but \1a mnst all livo nnd learn, nnd suroly many Protestants will not fail to lonrn and act on tho political lossou just given by tho Roman Catholic Bishop of Gonlhurn. — I am, &c.;, F. A. C. BILLING S TON. Tho following is a copy of t.lio nddross nbovo referred to, to whioh is appended correspondence explaining the reason fur its not having appoared in this paper on Friday last : — "To the Right Rev. Dk. Lanigan, LonD Bishop of Gouluukn. "My Lord, — AVe tho Catholic inhabitants of Ynss, approach you hero to-day with feelings of deep ullcction and veneration, to bid you wolcome onco moro amongst us as a father restored to his children, a pastor to his flock. " When wo witnessed your departnro for Europe, some years ago, to take your seat am id tho doctors of tho Church, nssomblod round tho Vicar of Christ, nt tho groat Council of tlio Vntican, wo rojoicod that our Australia — tho fair and youngost daughter of tho Church, so worthily represented by our chiof pastor — was nt length to tako. hor dostinod plnco in hor councils amongst tho saintly and venerable representa tives of the wholo Christian world. " Wo rocoivo, and accept with joy nnd un- hesitntiiig faith, tho dogma of the Infallibility of tho' Pope thtTo proclaimed (as wo rocoivo ntid nccopt all and singular tlio dogmas of tho Church) in its ftillost, simplost, hrondost, nnd most explicit sonso. Wc beliovo that that dogma is a spocial inspiration of tlio Iloly Ghost to moot tho exigencies of our troubled and disastrous times, now that, tho powers of darkness, more than ovor, appear to hnvo thrown opon tlieir flnod-gatos and lot loose tho dark waves of error nnd dissolution, now surging with such wild I'ury through tho world and threatening to ongulph, in ono common ruin, truth, roligion, . nnd civilisation. Ah ! fortunately for. truth, fortunntoly for roli'mon, fortunately for civilisation, thoro is "ono power still on oarth ngninst which tho gates of boll Rhall never prevail. Tho harqtio of Peter sits sccuroly moored on tho Rock of Christ, ohangoloss and unchangoablo amid all change tho fountain of truth;, the source of all Christian civilisation, and tho fount in whioh ngain tho npostato world must lnvo or she will assuredly revert to hor formor barbarism, from which heretofore the Church rodooinod her. " We liavo hoard with sorrow of tho calamities which liavo bofnllon our holy father tho Popo, and dooply sympathise with him ; but wo are by no moans discouraged nor cast down on that nccount.'for wo know "tho servant is notgroator j than t.ho master." IIo who promised to lie with His Church all days foretold that tho world I would liuto herns it hatod lliin. In His own .1 good timo IIo will givo poneo onco moro to His j holy Church. " Wo rojoico to hoar of your lordship's good ihoulth; and wo hero again assuro you of our 1 dovotednoss towards you, nnd promiso to nid ! you with all our powur to carry out your oll'orts . for tho glory of God and tho salvation of tlio I pooplo. " Praying your lordship's honodiotion, wo aro. my lord, your lordship's faithful and dovotoil subjects in Christ, | " FcTr tho congregation, | " M. O'Connor." Memorandum.— From Courier Office, Ynss, To Rev. Fnthor cdfley, Presbytory, Ynss. Rev. Sir, — Will you kindly oblige mo by asking his lord- i ship tlio Bishon tn favour mo with a copy, or I tho original, of thn nddross from thn laity, rond j this nftornoou by Dr. O'Connor. If the latlor, I shall return it carefully in half an hour. Un fortunately Dr. O'Connor has not prosorvod a copy of it, or I should not take tho liberty I now do. — Yours respectfully, J. J. Brown." — reply. "Presbytery, Yass, Thursday evening. — Donr Sir, — I have jnst rccoivod your favour, and in roply hnvo only to say that it is his lordship's wish to sonil all Catholic news of this sort to tlio Goul'mrn Argus. — I have, deur sir,, the honour to bo yours, Ac., M. J. Coffey. 