TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The statement made in The Australasian some time ago—a statement which we made upon the best auhority—to the effect that almost any bill could be "engineered" through the United States Congress, provided sufficient funds were forthcoming, and that these funds found their way into members' pockets; seems to have excited some atten tion in America, where The Australasian finds numerous readers. A special correspon dent of the Auckland Southern Cross• writing from Washington, says " The gene ral opinion in the States seems to be that the first count of The Australasian's charge is well-founded; hut, unless I have been mis informed, the second count has no founds, tion." The money, it appears, is mostly absorbed by the professional "lobbyists, » who are sent np to Washington by the de mocratic and republican parties in each of the states, and who, as the extra-Parliamentary representatives of those parties, can bring an irresistible pressure to bear upon the members of Congress. "One does bear in Washington," writes the correspondent of the Southern Cross, "remarks such as 'It'll cost 60,000doL to pass that billor * That hill could be passed for 25l000doV If it has become understood that a sum named can be bad for the passing of a oer tain bill, the lobbyist in charge deals—not with the members, hut with the lobbyists from other states; and when anyone of those gentlemen is satisfied with a prospect that has been sketched to him, he goes to the membera from bb litatei and either tells them that theymfcsVor induces them to promise that they will, vote for t]p measure. It Is said that members, as a rule, yield te this hind of influenoe, not for the sake of money/wbich they do not get, bat as die price of being at least allowed political quiet athomt, tfhdt oftelng lMld forth to their ttetea as acttv6, oMi*oi6ntiobs, and most valu able members." Some of thepoorer repre sentatives do, however, aooept bribes, but, says theoomspondent whom wehavt just qnoted, nhd^hh f* Otrldently a very shrewd observe*, "TfceopinJou outside the Hoasefe <• that thft 'kHtthttti nte mot eonhpt in'The phU tauctfcallr for vote* go really tosbCds' tmhfihS .ap thel>t<m<igieat part? ?And 'this I* thrDuttenw oi , isr. ea it H- ,fi» w.wud od of efasa odw ,hl<> /rnvtendCirtq fcLi taiu<am sofaq m-tv. anl* of representative institutions amtmg (he " smartest people in creation ! " The speech of the Attorney-General at Ballarat adds nothing new to the previous expositions of the Ministerial policy. He was, perhaps, tomewhat more explicit than his colleagues on the snhject of the tariff which they intend to bring forward when the Assembly meets. Upon this point he 6aid " We are going to give a fair amount of protection to every article that can be manufactured in this colony, and to charge as small a duty as possible on every article that cannot be manufattured here. Beyond the I articles protected everything will be allowed to come in as cheaply as possible, compatible with the due collection of revenue for carry ing on the business of the country." His , speech seems to have been very favourably received, and when be asked his hearers whether they wished to see the M'Culloch party restored to office, the question was re ceived with an indignant " No," and a storm of groans and hisses. Mr. Longmore is coming out as a joker of jokes. Enowing how the hearts of the liberal party yearn towards their brethren in the neighbouring colonies, some simple-minded tradesmen telegraphed from Sydney to know whether they could tender for the new loco motives which the Government intend to have made in the colonies. Here was a fine opportunity for exemplifying the advantages of intercolonial freetrade, that mysterious article of the protectionist creed. Obviously the Sydney manufacturers wished to know whether, seeing the engines in question are required for the public service, they would be admitted duty free under that clause in the Customs act which exempts importations for the service of Her Majesty's.Government. But our Minister ^pf Railways had not the slightest intention of doing anything so sui cidal. Intercolonial freetrade, considered abstractedly, Is no donbt a very fine thing, possessing many occult virtues as compared with general freetrade only apparent to the acute intellect of a thorough-going protec tionist, but when it is likely to bring the artizansof Victoria info fair competition with their brethren of New South Wales, it is a thing to be utterly abhorred by all loyal liberal men. We can fancy tire grim smile which flitted over Mr. Longmore's features when he penned the following answer to these Eimple New Sonth Welshmen " Yes" (ie., they may tender; if it amnses them, it doesn't hurt as), " subject to any Customs' charges that may be legally levied upon such articles at the time of their delivery." This is some thing like genuine liberality, and if, after this concession, the Sydney people do not get up a costly testimonial for Mr. Longmore, we shall say there is no gratitude in man. Here is a fact to which we are sore the protectionists of these colonies will be grate ful to ns for drawing their attention. We have it upon the authority of the gentleman whose name we sabjoin. Mr. Hoe, of New York, is known,wherever British or American newspapers penetrate, as the inventor and manufacturer of some of the best printing presses in existence. That upon which The Australasian is printed was made by him. His mechanical skill, his enterprise; his ex- tensive business, and his large foundry, were matters of which his fellow-countrymen spoke with just pride. Well, Mr. Hoe has been protected—out of America. Fiscal fondling was too much for him. The "native in dustry" which he was carrying on threatened to give up the ghost; it was so assiduously fostered and cherished by the Legislature. He has accordingly transferred his capital, his enterprise, bis inventive skill, and his foundry, to London, and he now announces to his customers in all parts of the world that he is enabled to supply his printing-machines at from 20 to 25 per cent less than he was able to manufacture them at in New York. Once upon a time the cry was " Westward, ho!" It is now "Eastward, Hoe!" A new phase of "protection to native in. dnstry" has turned up. Some of the Mel bourne brewers are asking the Government for permission to convert bad beer into indifferent vinegar ; and they state that, at the lowest computation, 600,000gal. of beer are annually wasted in this city and its suburbs. But tfhy is this? An immense amonnt of "swipes"is manufactured at a very low price in order to enable the keepers of public-houses and shan ties of the lowest class to undersell respectable traders. Much of this rubbish, badly brewed, rapidly fermented, and destitute of keeping properties, turns sour within a few days or a few hours'of its bring placed in the publican's cellar, and has to be returned to the brewery and allowed for. Sometimes, indeed, whole "gyles" of beer pass into the acetous fermentation even before leaving the brewer's premises; and this is the stuff which the Government is asked for per mission to transform into vinegar, in which shape it would be as valueless asin its original one ; while ft would be brought ioto compe tition with tbe genuine article, to the injury of those persons who are engaged in producing tbe latter. If the Treasurer wishes to offer it premium for the manufacture of deleterious " she-oak" in preference to soundand whole some malt liquors, fae cannot do better than comply with the request which has just been addressed to him. : In view of the preparations which are being made to celebrate the centenary of 8ir Walter Scott, ft may not be inopportune to notice tbe maimer in which the citizens of Valladolid celebrated in May last the 155th anniversary «f the death of Cervantes, the greatest romanoe-writer Spain has produced.; The oeremonial was pKWMtted end dfati^ bySehor Llorente, a distinguished oomt»aar. of the old Caatitian capital, fo greater put of Am QuixxtUsmw and in' which Colambwdied, grand snass wnsOakbtatodie thai ... church San Jfetefcha« *n& tofoetionifKMt executed feemtbe cboiotetwork»fl*dputo&l; tn'i.'eJe a-f-"? illim-n pttfV" »*&¥$ executed from the choicest works of some of the greatest musicians. A celebrated orator delivered an essay on the life and -works of the hero of Lepanto, in the presence of the military and civil authorities of the city, and of a large concourse of people drawn from far and near to do homage to the memory of the man who enriched the literature of his own country and of civilized mankind with a work which the best critics of all nations concur in acknowledging to be matchless. The curiosities of literature are as nothing compared to the curiosities of law. At the Criminal Sessions, which commenced last Monday, Patrick Martha, a middle-aged man, was convicted of an indecent assault on a girl only six years old. His Honour the acting Chief Justice, in passing sentence, alluded to the enormity of the crime and its fatal and lasting effects on its unfortunate victim. "The punishment," he said, "for such offences ought to be severe, and should increase with the age of the offender." Iu this opinion no one will feel inclined to gainsay him. Actuated by such ideas, he proceeded to pass sentence, and everything would have led us to expect that it would be a severe one. It was to be awarded for one of the most hateful crimes that can be imagined, the enormity of which the pre siding judge had just dwelt on. What then was awarded the ruffian—five years and a few sound floggings ? Nothing of the sort; two years' imprisonment, with that light and amusing occupation which is denominated " hard labour," was the " severe punishment'' which is considered sufficient to expiate a loathsome crime. What makes the matter all the more remarkable is that on the same day a young man was found guilty on two charges of forging and uttering cheques for some paltry amounts, and sentenced to five years' imprisonment, with " gentle exercise." So it appears you may permanently debauch a young girl's mind, and attach a stigma to her through life, and escape with two years' imprisonment, but if you want to enjoy the luxury of imitating another man's signature and curtailing the amount of his bank account, yon must be prepared to retire from the world for five years, should you be unfortunate enough to he found out To destroy a fellow-creature, soul and body, is no doubt wrong, if only because it makes one consumer the less with whom we can trade, but to lay sacrilegious hands upon a man's purse is the one unpar donable sin in the eyes of the law, which regards property as more precious than virtue and purity. During the Parliamentary recess the daily papers succeed in presenting their readers with so much interesting matter, that many persons must begin to wish that the custom of reporting debates in the Legislature were abolished, and that the public should be fur rushed instead with a concise summary, not of the platitudes talked, but of the actual business transacted. We should then dis cover how small is the proportion borne by the latter to the former, and this would set the slow British mind thinking whether such a medieval institution as a House of Talk is adapted to the wants and cir cumstanoes of modem society, and whether the gathering together of 70 or SO men, selected chiefly on account of their capa bility of talking fluent nonsense, for the purpose of transacting the business of the nation, is not a device worthier of the red Indians of America, or of the inhabitants of Laputa, than of a people which prides itself upon its practical habits, and adopts as one of its maxims the aphorism that "time is money." It was one of the redeeming fea. truss of the recent revolution. of the Com mnne in Paris that it aimed, according to Mr. Frederic Harrison, at the abolition of " that demoralising nuisance, the unwieldy talking Parliament." They substituted for it a simple executive council. "Government by the parliamentary system is government without real responsibility, without efficiency, and without simplicity. All of these are lost in the meshes of divided authority aud personal rivalries. Government, in a word, breaks down under the tangle of machinery which it has to work." It has no unity of authority, nor continuity of system. The very work which Parliaments are primarily organised to perform—that of legislation—is miserably bungled. All bills have to be drafted by competent men outside, but in ! their passage through both Houses they are pilled to pieces and patched without regard to coherency , and consistency, by a body of men the majority of whom know nothing of - legal expression, and are wholly unaware of the effect of inany of the alterations and "amendments" they insist upon making 3ttce,again,.the question of taxation, con fewtJly one of the most complicated and difficult brandies of political science ; and look at the men to whom yon entrastthe man afeatent of yodr public finances. How many of thsmcould passim examination in thesetond cbapfor of tfae fifth book of Adam Smith'* IfaaWiqfl tfatio/u ? imagine the direction «i the Bank of England entrusted toa dozen parso©s,«wsbting of jamor clerks, nn «sigeraL*nd iPorters, and yon would have uoutfitiiing analogous to what takes plaoein \- mm'tit these'cdflkmles by favour ©flbe Parlia mentary institutions banded down to us from Ahe middle ages, and have beoome the amnafor ignoble cop bi^'tpipmptodbyi "ioqaarhw vanity" jind mtgapBdfohrjscto&Uousmcdiwmtr;,. titib ' ' ' ' MM; tbkkatiok levied, upon the KkCbdsii-sm^^fousmpepuhUo; liewaspeopleate oolypartiafly ~" ~ Tfflifutumiiii l'^pmr;,lhe'PMaam:dnd ' to*4&maij;!es«f 4bei» overseer complaining of tbe heavy items cbaTged as station expenses, more particu larly with regard to the consumption of stores, and ashing for particulars. In reply, the overseer informed his principal that between tbe 8th of June and the 5th of July tbe station had been visited by 337 tramps, each of whom had been gratuitously furnished with the customary night's lodging and rations. At tbe midwinter season these men could scarcely have been looking for work. They were making a tour of the country, and obtaining free quarters everywhere en route. When they return to town they will probably have a - good deal to say about " the selfishness of the squatters." The eleventh annual report of the Queens land Board of Education discloses the fact that unusual progress has been made in the work of public instruction during the year 1S70. The aggregate attendance of children bos increased nearly 50 per cent, as com pared with the attendance in the yeaT pre" vious. Twenty-four new schools have been opened, the Parliamentary vote for education has been raised from £18,000 to £27,000, and the children now upon the rolls— namely, 16,227—comprise one-seventh of tbe entire population. It is also found that tbe children come to school at an earlier age now than they did formerly, and that they remain longer at school; while the secretary to the board claims for the youngest of the Aus tralian colonies the credit of having estab lished a system of public instruction at once comprehensive and free. ! Mr. Hare's system of totality representation j is rapidly gaining ground in America, and is ' meeting with increased favour from all classes of politicians. It has been adopted in the state of Illinois, where its operation is found to give satisfaction to both republicans and democrats. It is now demanded by the state of South Carolina, where the 60.000 white voters are virtually disfranchised because the 90.000 negro voters monopolize tbe represen tation. A striking illustration of the fair and equitable manner in which the principle works has just been presented at the municipal election for tbe town of Blooms, burg, which has been conducted upon Mr Hare's plan. Under theold method of majority voting, it isbelieved that the entire Republican "ticket" would have been elected. As it is, bowever, the new council, elected on the 12th of April last, and composed of six members and a president, comprises four democrats, two republicans, and one repub: lican working-man, and this represents with approximate accuracy the division of parties in the town. All the borough officers—the assessors of taxes, school directors, constables, and town officers—are elected by this 1 free vote," as the Americans call it, and we are assured, on the authority of Senator Buckalew, Mr. Hare's most zealous disciple in Congress, that "It has secured for the town government throughout most com petent and excellent men. . . To a great extent, unquestionably, reformed administer tion, peaceful and cheapelections, and general good feeling m the town, have been secured by the free vote." Moreover, while it assures to the working class its legitimate share of muni cipal power, it prevents it from turning the scale between the main parties, so as to de prive one of these of all share in the repre sentation, while it almost entirely destroys the motive to purchase side parties, or fac tions, or floating votes. Mr. Wells, the indefatigable revenue re former. who promises to become the Cobden of the United States, has been dpliveringan address to the Chamber of Commerce at Cin cinnati, in which fie adduced'some of the most telling facte which, have .yets been brought forward perni dons effects of " protection to" native in dustry." He showed that the balance of trade againBt America—that is to say the amount of bullion or of securities which had to be sent abroad over and above the value of the pro ducts she exported—last year, was no less than £31,600,000 sterling. Although increasing in population and territory, the United States consumed less coffee and sugar per bead in 1870 than in 1860. We use," said Mr. Wells, " proportionately fewer hate, boots, and shoes, and less doth. We consumed last year, with 40,000,000 of .people, lem cotton fabrics than we consumed in 1859 I with 30,000.000 of people. . T. Although jure are an agricultural people, the keepers of | hotels and restaurants in , New York jfinfl it more profitable to .Import their I {vegetables and pay 10 to 20 per bent duty on them than to buy them In our own I markets." Of all .the merchandise brought ■into or carried put of the Upited Sates, no I iles? thap <85 per cent* is carried in foreign I {bottoms. Protodion bae succeeded inlm-., 'prpying the merpautile nayy pf: thp country phe face of .theses; while. As mgaxdstita, I manufactures subsidised by the^Opvernment, .moi^pdisto/fM^ fo^c^lngfbo. ■ipxice , of Artw8' .without . 18timelatingwa#h,=apd fhisin thpveiy I face of jibe fept ,&et; " I! bad reduced theoostof that pro^uction. ' rfssri* t ';»♦ ,A;i u».3 ««»•, i , NotJong^ A jman p#^ j ltanis/ frbo profosspd ip pe tftwtfrio «of.i I Fiance: aqd slioehi. fflsP tffis America, and found a good many persons willing to believe that he was the true victim of Simon the cobbler's brutality, and indis- even if they were of the slightest validity, are whak as compared with those of a young man now in Rome, and who is believed to be the grandson of George IV., whose marriage with Mrs. Fitzherbert was fully solemnised, though declared null and void by ex post-facto legislation. 