I DUBBO, [FROH OUR COBBESTODEST.] 8th August Tho past week has been unusually prolific ia new*, Co raj comfort. Previous weeks have boen as stalo aa ditch witcr in my lino, but th.nksomobodysomethlnghaaatlast tamed up firstly-tho Pastoral interest Bas nething to bo proud of, though tba London wool marketB aro encouraging. Since Marek a groat many diseases havo afflicted cattle, bones, ¡ra-1 sheep, thu lust diseaso being tho lung and Intestino atTalr so ably described and Illustrated In Town and Country. Hap* jilly, as milder and drier weather ls approaching, stock ls fast improving. In tho district of Dubbo working bullocks and horses hivo f ir B'mo time hail n starvation appcararjeo, but they are recovering. Th-« grass was inferior; batbyperpe* tual complaining, many who know not what the squatter has ia reality to contend against and próvido for would, perhaps, .attribute his anxiety to motives of which lia is utterly inca pablo of entertaining-. Borne will sa>, "Oh, the squatter waats tho pub ID domain for nothing-, or next door to lt." Ho WHiitg nothing of thc k'niL Ho ls moro anxious than many other classes of tho community that tho lund ahuuld bo freehold at so much per aero, and If sold at a lon figure the Govornmont could hold Its own by a royalty. Hut thero are botter heads than mino to deal with the lands of the colony, and I merely mention this to disabuse tho minda of many that squatters want the lease of tho land for nil. Perhaps it cannot bo avoided that nomo squatters are too fond of auperst>ccuIa.Mon, and embarrass themselves with banks nnd mnrehwts. Tho roan who successfully manages to a profit 15.es» sheen may rind himself in Lob's Pound {Lf bs assume tm deal willi 35,000. Uraes, to thu north-west of Dubbo, is between three and four feet high-too high and luxuriant to bo nutritious. Further north it Iscut down, and a aortof grasa-cura-liay-stacks : aro built; very good for stock horses during a drought, but otherwise of little value. \ great drawback to tho Dubbo dis- trict-talto a radius of (Ivo ralles-ls rho Bathurst burr. Why Bathurst should have received tho credit of this nuisance is a quontlon for tho Hsthurst muni- cipal council to consider and decide. Hut tho burr, whether introduced by srnio kind friend in Bathurst, or Introduced by soma philanthropist from Catalonia, is Immatorlal-It Is an intolerable nuisance hore, anti militates against tho prosresslvo interest nt the town. In tho enclosure af our Hcliool of Arts thora ls a crop, par excellence, which you would thin U tho proprietory were cultivating for special show at the forthcoming exhibition. Our bush streets ara full of them, and also most of the half-attended paddocks. This is so well known to thoso who travel with sheep that they ovado Dubbo, and our O-mvcnlent brldgo by a circuit of fifty or sixty miks rather than come near us. And "what for no " under ilia circumstances t Stock to tho north-west, about 100 milos, arid further, are in splendid condition, bul that condition is soon do; reclated whon they como among tho luxuriant burrs and stinted grass. Shearing vclli soon bo in full foi co. Click, click, click-the prosaic music of tho shears. Instead of tho poetic muslo of the spheres, will gladden an army of travelling bushmen, and either nourish a fond hope of fair renumeration by tho squatter, or a restless anxiety that all his efforts bavo been frustrated by an unforesocn change for tho wo-so in tho wool market. Agricultural prospects were rather gloomy until a fortnight ago, when wo were favoured with tho first rain. Though ho'ivy it was not sufficient tohring np tho wholo of tho grain ; a large per contogo had to bc re-sown. Tho rain of flunday last, with tho thundt'r shower in thu ovoning, havo inspired hopes of an excel ont crop this season. There is not such a very largo area of land under cultivation ; many paddocks aro hilo Tho excessive niolsturo last season, rust, and. tho »ppcaranco of drought this season disc uraged many farmers from sowing moro extensively. Experienced farmers prefer a rr.odorntcly wot sc ison forspring cereals. Tho crops now in nre oati, barloy. wheat, ryo, and lucerne : and farmers aro now planting potatoes and preparing for malzo. Potatoes are sown In thia district at nil scasonB, and we got cropB cf potatoes fn proportion to moisture Tho season most unfavourable to tho growth of wheat ls thc moro favourablo to tho growth of corn (maize) anti potatoes. I know ono person who, attor gottlng threo tons of liay-pcr acre, struck out drills In tho same paddock, sowed malzo with a viow to get green stub* for cattle, and gathored as good a crop of maure aa was overgrown this summer, with scarcely any labour, not even tilled, nsr worn tao spaces between tho drills Drosen up, ' Somo of tho cobs wero a foot long. Gold mining ts confined to the Gulgong district. "Wo liavo given lt up in Dubbo. We cot gold, but it ls too Ano and too much scattered to bo payablo. Tho truth is, wo havo notyot In this quarter como upon a lilacs: Lead. It would bo of little consequence to us whether the lead bo black, blue, yellow, or mauve, so long as wo carno upon Mr. Black Lead'B sister. * ll «ur men have gono to Gulgong and loft us wondering. What next? Think to what a state of mind wo must bavo como, when it behoved somo of our townspeople to adopt the trick of raising up a ghost to light either for or against it. We had exhausted ourselves by talking about this man's speech and tho other's: but Parliament "shut up." That prorogation, however, did not shut up, nor button the lips of our uKifct .-arnot »ucl oinlueut polltlcfans. (I speak locally.) Tho grand subject of voluntary Incorporation was mooted, and lt spread like wild Ure. Petition for a P.M. on the brain soon g&vo; placo to municipality for Dubbo, ditto. Thoso who had houses on low land,, whose parlours might become cellars by that comical engineering system of alignment-aro opposed to thoso who want to improve tho town and tho approaches thcroto-by petitioning for Incorporation. The advocates for incorporation have hanses of their own, both on hieb, and low land, and they havo considerable pluck, besides tbn best of the argument against thoso in th« hollow or on slopes, whose property novcr mind. Incorporation, at tho present time, would onhauco tho value of property 10 per cent. In this town Wo want n district incorporation of nine square miles, and tho brldgo handed over to us. Wo are ripe for Incorporation, and can rind not only nlno councillors for nine wards, but nlno gentlemen who would soon elect among themselves tho lirst mayor. And it would be wiser for us to accept incorporation voluntarily, than have it forced upon us com- pulsorily, and this must como sooner or later. Reasoning against tho propriety of Dubbo (and district) being in- corporated, you may possibly hear somo greenhorn-who cannot seo an Inch bnyond his noso-exclaim, " "What Ing lishman likes to bo taxed !" The discussions aro becoming so important that, for tho sako of peace and ordor, a public mooting on the subject must be again convened. Tho appointment of Mr. James Samuels, jttnr., of Dubbo, to the commission of tho peace has given much satisfaction to all who know him. Ile has frequently declined this honour. Combining squatting with a<rieultural pursuits, ho has boen tho architect of his own fortun*. Flo is diffident, circumspect, Tellable, and unostentatious ; yet he ls one of tho foremost to adv -nco tba interests ot this town and district : tho peoplo of which all know Mm, and not one, whether rich or poor, can call him his enemy. Ho ls tho goatloman who wroto that "exhaustive paper" on " Water Supply to tho Interior," which you published in tho Town and Country Journal, lie has written on roany other subjects. Conscientiousness ls the stamp of his character, and bo will provo himself to bo a just and au indopondont magistrate. Ho was sworn in by tho Judgo yestorday. Tho Elatilet Court was opened on Friday, 4th Inst, beforo his honor Mr. Judgo Josephson. Tho barristers present wero-Messrs. It. M. Isaacs and Docker. Tho attorneys Messrs. A. B. Neilson, Q. Taylor, B. A. Taylor, and Jnr. Davidson, of Mudgoo. Tho Court of Qnartor Session« was oponed on Saturday, fith Inst, when Mr. Isaacs tendered bis commission to his honor ns Crown prosecutor - None ef tho prisoners wera dofended except C Beauvais, lat» of the Pino IUdge Hotel, who surrendered to his bail, and pleaded not guilty to having received sud passed, an tho 10th January lost, a cheque, drawn by Mr Kyrie, on tho Commercial Rank, Dubbo, for £5, well knowing tho samo to havo been stolen. Ho was defended by Mr. Docker, In- structed by Mr. G. Taylor. Mr. Isaacs prosecuted for tho Crown. The trial lasted from 10 a.m. to 0 p.m., when tho Jury retired. At 12 o'clock they wero called Into court. Tho foreman said thora was no possibility of their agreeing. Tho Judgo said he had no alternativo but to causo thom to bo locked tip In tho Jury-room for tho night. Ho would attend at 0 nott morning (Tuesday), but would attend at any timo boferd that hour if thoy could agree, A drink of water and tiro wero asked for and reluctantly refused. Two forms and candles weroallowed, and overcoats, thopocketsof which were prevlou'ly examined by tho police. [In passing, I moy stat» that tho Dubbo jury-room is a stono coll. Tho walls are damp, and so aro tho Hooting hoards. Unoccupied for other purposes, it is a dreadful hole to be immured in these cold, frosty nights. I may add, also, that tho suffering panel is composed of twolvo mon who, as Jurors, wou'd boa credit to nny town lu tito colony for good seuso and practical know- ledge.] At (1 o'clock this (Tuesday) morning tho jury wero called tn. Tho foreman said theycould not agree, and he was sure they could not ngrco if kopi together for a month. Tho Judgo then discharged them, and the accused w»s liberated on his former bail. 1 he court i hen adjourned sino dio, and sat in a civil capacity to hear thrco cases of appeal against a deci- sion given by tho Canonbar bench under tho 10 Vic, No. 44 (Nativo Dog Act). Tho cases are of much Importance to tho pastoral interest ; but no decision was como to, and a post- ponement took placo until next sittings of tho court-Tho Judgo goes hence to Wellington, Orango, Forbes, and Mudgee. MASONIC.-On Wednesday evening a large number of the moiubors of tho Masonic Lodgo of Newoastlo, assombled in Mr. Ash's largo room iu Kiug-streot, and through Mr. Bur:owes, master of thu lodgo, presented Mr. V/. W. Bowe, who for ten years past has officiated as treasurer to thu brotherhood, a very haudsomo solid silver toa and coffee service. Tho shields on tho ona sida aro engraved with tho following inscription : " Presontod to brother W. W. Röwo by tho Masonic Lodgo of Nowcastle, U.C., 76.'), aa a mark of esteem," ami on tho other with masonio emblems, the keys, typical of tho recipient's office, occupying a prominent, though not a striotly correot position. An address was presontod at tho samo timo, which, whoo, finally handed to Mr. Rowe, wo shall havo pleasuro in publish- ing.-Nowcastlo Ohroniolo. THE NEW RAILWAY RATES.-A mooting was held at Bungonia on Thursday, tho 10th instant, to consider tho recant »Iterations in tho railway goods' rates. It was resolved that the following memorial from the inhabitants ho sent to the Minister for Works : ' ' That in tho opinion of your memorialists tho inoruascd rates of carriago by rail of stock, producá, and general merchandise must cause general dissatisfaction, will entail loss and inconvenience on tho country residents, injure tho commerce of Sydney with tho interior, and load to a diminutionin tho revenue from tho railways. That, from their knowledge of the circumstances of tho country, your memorialists believe that teams will be found to convoy goods at chcapor rates now than at any previous timo, that stock will bo sent by drovers, and that consequently tho railways will to a largo extent bo disused if tho prosont rates Bhould bo con- tinued; and we believe that Buoh a stato of things ought to bo avoided both in the interests of tho publia and pf tho railway deportment. That, in addition to their interest in tho conveyance of general merchandise, certain of your memorialists are con- cerned in tho traffic in pressed hay ; and, having been encouraged to do so by tho previous policy of the department, they have invested capital in tho purchase of machinery which will now be nnremnnerativo to them ; and they feel, thereforo, that they have been inconsiderately dealt with. Your memorialists respect- fully submit that you should give the jsubjeot re-con sidcration, and revert to the scale of charges in force previous to tho lot instant. And ?oar fiLomorialists I wm oyex pray, ¡co. -Goulburn Herald. . 1 The yield of gold in Kaw South Wales ia increasing, and increasing, too, at a very rapid rate. During tho month of July; tho quantity I brought to Sydney from the various gold-fields j exceeded any one month's receipts for several years I past. The receipts for July, 1870 woro 23,007 oz, and for last July, 24,121 oz, from the western dis- tricts alone, in addition to 7076 oz from the Southern gold-fields, and 023 from the Northern, making a total of 32,123 oz for the month. The Western oscort of tho present week has had under its care the largo_ sum, of 12,672 oz 19 dwts 0 gr gold, 5504 oz of whioh comes from Gulgong, and 4.660 oz from Tambaroora. Such largo yields ot the precious motal as this must have a beneficial effect on busi- ness prospects, and tend to attract the attention of people in other parts of tho world to our gold-Holds, some of whioh havo been proved, and others aro con- fidently believed to possess quantities of tho procioua metal in their yet undeveloped resources. The protective character of tho courao of logifl I lation which our neighbours in Victoria scorn disposed to follow will, we think, put a stop to the complaints of our merchants that the trade near the Southern boundaries of the colony is passing away from them.. The imposition of a protective tariff, reaching; in some instances to 20 por cont., will protect the mershantB of New South Wales against Victoria, and should enable our Government to withdraw the expensive staff of officers we now have on tho Hurray River. Wo can have no objection to tho smuggling Mr. Vale ia so anxious about, and if Victoria wishes to make herself poor in order to become rich, Mr. Duffy and his friends will have -to increase tho Murray staff to prevent tho people on the Victorian side of the Murray from buying in tho cheapest markot. So far as we are concerned, tho payment of Cuatoma duties and the preservation , of the reve- nues of tho respective colonies, muflt be a matter of conscience-as it always has and always must be until statesmen learn that tho course of trade will run its own way without reference to restrictivo legislation. The first free traders were smugglers ; and but for smuggling trade must have been crushed. If tbs tariff ot Mr. Duffy and his Cabinet receives tho assent of Parliament our border trade will be protected to the extent of tho difference of duty, and then possibly we may hear of some proposals for tho bungling expedient of a reciprocity troaty between tho colonies. Protection is to have a trial in Vic- toria, and unless wo aro much mistahon, the trial will bring about a complete revolution. The experienoo will not bo quite thrown away if wo on this side profit by it-a result likely to follow directly by tho check put upon tho intercolonial trade and the bordor traffic. The merchants of Victoria have by enorgy and enterprise taken away from us the custom of the other colonies to a large extent, and the Legislature now etepB in to weight them in the raco for our benefit. Indirectly New South Wales will profit by the trammels self-imposed in Victoria, whilo we havo also the double advantage of watching the effect produced by protective prin- ciples in another colony, and also of avoiding or adopting those principles in our own. The International Association, whatever it may bo, seems to bo regarded in England as the dark shadow looming over -Europe; and if thero bo any truth in a statement which has appoared in the London Times, nnmoly, that there aro 3,000,000 of mombers enrolled in thia terrible brotherhood, the feet bodes no good to tho peacu of the world. Suoh a vast body of men, if united by common sympathies, and a common belief in the justness and righteousness of their cause, possess the power of occasioning a world of mischief, ovon Bhould thoy bo unable to gain their ends. Wo must not suppose, however, that all the statements of newspapers respecting this shadowy body aro truo, for some of those statements have evidently been dictated by prejudice, others havo resulted from ignorance, while others hare originated in tho love of sensational writing, orin a desire to traduce and villify the vanquished. Thus it has been repre- sented by a legion of scribes that tho Parisian Communists are the sweepings of tho great capital of Franco, the canaillo of tho streets, who live by theft and crime ; whereas, every person weil acquainted with the aotual facts is aware that the Communistic body contained men of letters, poets, philosophers, physicians, Iawyois, and men of education, in addition to others who, before tho outbreak of the lato war, were in tho enjoyment of comparative affluence. Most of the Communist leaders that lost their lives in tho late insurrection wore political enthusiasts, but certainly not either convicts or robbers. And if tho International Association includes a numbor of mombors of this stamp, and if that association intends to begin a regular crusade against property, roligion, and ceremonies (which wo very strongly doubt) the world may look forward to troublous times, which axe now not very far ahead of tho present year. Such a vast body as throe millions of men cannot exist, and think, and speak, and not, without producing* a mnrkod effect upon the social and political institutions of the world. Wo are strongly inclined to tho belief, however, that tho number of tho Internationals has been greatly over- stated, and their purposes and aims greatly mis- represented in order to justify tho harsh treatment they have received in Paris, and are likely to receive elsowhere from the Qovornmonts of the world. A FOBOER'S CONFESSION.-Richard Roger Maley, who until lately was a solicitor in practice at Geelong, was arranged on the *8th instant, at the Geelong general sessions, for forging and uttering a bill of ex- change for £63, with intent to defraud the Bank of Viotoria. The prisoner pleaded guilty to tho sooond count of uttering, and tho pica was accepted by the Crown prosecutor. The prisoner's solicitor handed in the following statement to Judgo Forbes :-" H. M. Gaol, Geelong, 7th August, 1871, May it picoso your Honor,-Words oannot express tho deep sense of shame and humiliation that I experience in addressing you, and yet, whilst not endeavouring to extenuate tho guilt of tho offenco with which I stand charged, I throw myself upon tho morey of tho court, and cravo indulgence if I seek to. offer somo observations, _ however weak, in explanation of my conduct, and in mitigation of tho heavy penalty attached to my crime. Soven menths ago I met with a sovcro acoident, by which ono of my legs was seriously injured, aud my whole body waa groatly shaken ; and although I have had tho best of medical attendance and nursing, I became permanently crippled, and was for months tho subjeot of extreme pain and suffering. About this timo my circumstances wore in a somewhat embarrassed state, and became much more so from my inability to attend regularly to my business. I had, perhaps unwisely, sunk all my small capital in the erection of a homo for my family in St. Alban's, East Geelong, and now, when the affliction carno upon me, with some heavy daims against me un- settled, a large and helpless family entirely dependent upon me, my body racked with pain, rendering me often totally unable to prosecuto my business, it cannot be wondered at if I was sometimes seized with despair. Many and many an hour havo I sat working at my desk when I ought to have boon lying on a siok bed ; but seeing my affairs gradually gotting worso, through my being unablo to attend to my business, my creditors clamorous for money, and my liabilities increasing, I fought against nil difficulties, until I waa alternately driven to forgery, or sink in despondonoy at my posi- tion. It was whilst in ono of these paroxysms of feel- ings occasioned by suoh intense bodily anguish and mental agony, that to satisfy a pressing demand, I madly committed that deed for whioh I now stand arraigned. But I now solemnly deolaro in thc presence of my Maker that I had no intention whatever of ¡ ultimately defrauding cither tho bank or Groto | in this mattor. Hitherto my aharaoter had ! been unimpeachable and stainless, but by this once false step I am hurled from my position, my profession is lost to rae, my reputation lost for ever, my innoeont wife and children beggared, disgraced, and thrust homeless into tho world, and myself dragged i dishonoured from a comfortable homo, and consigned I to a felon's gaol. All that man can endure I have sui- I fered; and I am now so utterly wretched, that no imprisonment the court may inflict can make mo more so, and y et for the sake of my wife, and for tho sake of my six children, I imploro your Honor to oxtond to mo . the utmost leniency tue law will permit, that my incar- i aeration may not be so prolonged as to effectually pro- | elude mo from ever again being united to my family, : and endeavouring to atono to them and the community : for the wrong I havo done. Again throwing myself : upon tho morey of tho court, I remain yours rcspcot- i fully, R. R, MALEY." There was no dofonce. Tho t prisoner was sentenced to two years' imprisonment, ; with hard labour.-Melbourne Telegraph. I I _ A Cincinnati paper tells of a charitable man in that I city who keeps a pair of dogs chained at his front door, so that poor people who atop to "got abito" can bo I accommodatedtwithout taking tho trouble to go into tho house. j Eleven young girls of Ingouvillo havo asked to be allowed to form a regiment of young ladies, to bo called "Tho Vengeance." They have begged tho editor of I tho local paper to allow enlistments to take place in his office. 