LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE CONGREGATIONALIST CHURCH, PARRA- MATTA. [FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] THE ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Congregationalist Church at Parramatta took place yesterday. There was a large number of visitors from Sydney and elsewhere, besides clergymen of other denominations. The Rev. THOMAS FORSAITH opened the proceedings with prayer, and was followed by the Rev. T. John- stone, Mr. J. Y. Mills, and others, with statements of the progress of the cause. After which, HUGH TAYLOR, Esq., came forward and said that, as mayor of Parramatta, he had many pleasing duties to perform, but that day an additional honour had been conferred on him, by being deputed by his sincere friends, the Congregationalists of the town, to present Mr. Fairfax with a silver trowel and mallet to lay the foundation of a building to be devoted to the Supreme Being. (Applause.} The stone was then laid, and Mr. FAIRFAX said : I declare this stone to be well and truly laid, as the foundation of a building for the honour of Almighty God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. It is about twenty-six years since a small Con- gregational church wns built in this town ; but tho services only continued for n short period. Since that time repeated solicitations have boen made from por- tons who professed tho Independent and Congrega- tional modo of servioo and Church government to recommence operations. About a year ago, tho matter was seriously brought under the consideration of tho Home Missionary Society for New South Wales, and our excellont friend, the Rev. T. Forsaith, having been introduced by members of the committee to several gentlemen in Parramatta, that minister, with singular energy, promptitude, nod great self-denial, commenced his ministry in the hall of tho school of arts. Such a building was, however, inconvenient and unsuited to the religious services of tho Sabbath, ns contrasted with its frequent uso on othor days. Heneo tho building of a house of God was easily tnken into consideration by Mr. Forsnith and his friends. Ho then proceoded to stato that tho site chosen was an excellent ono, and also gave at length tho blessings and many advantages of a Church for thu elissa in ¡nation of tho Gospel, and where tho sacraments may bo duly administered. Infidelity was spreading, and should bo met by proper antidotes. Ho concluded by paying a high tribute of respect to Mr. and Mrs. Forsaith, and tho proceedings terminated by hymns and addresses by Revs. G. Ci. Howden, AV. Slatycr, and John Graham. In tho evening a crowded tea and publio meeting was held in tho School of Arts, whoa addresses wero delivered by Randolph Nott, Esq., and severnl clergy- men. The proposed Congregational Church to bo erected at Parramatta is in the Gothic style, and is to be built of stone, in six inch courses, with foot dressings and quoins. The ground plan consists of an oblong, 36 x 55 feet, with tower and porch at front, and chancel with vestry in rear. The seats are divided into three bays by two aisles, commencing from porch and tower doors, and terminating in vestry doors, each side of rostrum. The front, facing Church-street, the main gable 51 foot high, pierced in centre' by a Gothic arched window of four lights-two at each side of a buttress-and filled in above with plate tracery of varied design. The window will be richly moulded, resting on a string stopped by carved bosses, sur- mounted by a moulded label, and measures 21 feet in height: . On tho corner of gable is shown a tower, of two square stories, and an octagon one, terminating in pointed gables, from which a shingled spiro, with ornamental pointed bands, rises 81 feet from ground line. The church is intended to seat three hundred persons, and arrangements are prepared for a gallery to be made when necessary. The contractor for the whole of the work is Mr.-Peters, builder, of Parra matta, and the design. as prepared by Mr. Thomas Rowe, architect, was accepted by the committee from others in a privato competition among the principal architects of Sydney. The whole promises to be, when finished, a picturesque, tasteful, and effective addition to the architecture of Parramatta. CONCERT.-A soiree and concert were given hi St. Mary's Hall, yesterday evening, and although tho weather was very unpleasant, a good number attended. Tea -was on the tables nt C o'clock, and about two hours after tho conoert oommcuced. Tho , vocalists wero Miss Leo, Mrs. O'Shea (an old favounto wi-h. a new tttlo), Mrs. Cordner, mid Messrs. Egan, Kean, and AVolls, while an oxoollent brass band gav» selections throughout tho evening. AVithal it W . very good, and all preatnt wero satisfied, 