EXTRAORDINARY HOAX. [From the New York G'izitte, June 17th.] Fifty Baptist ministers quartered during the annual conference held in Chicago at the University, on Cottage Grove avenue, were this morning thrown into a terrible state of excitement To understand the situation, it is to be known that the committee of reception, order to accommodate the nearly 1 oOO delegates expected, were driven to every expedient to provide for their entertainment Among the other way s and means adopted, some forty or fifty of the reverend strangers were consigned to the hospitality of the University The boarding depart ment of this institution is under the care of the Rev. V.Y W Smith and his efficient wife, who being good Baptists themselves, felt only too happy to minister to the comfort of half a hundred ministers-but where to deposit them of nights was a grave and difficult question The matter was mastered, however, by Mrs Smith, with her well known energy, who ordered the large chapel in the upper part of the trading to be cleared out, and, despatching mes senders hither and thither after beds, bedding, towels, chairs so, Been transformed the appearance of the room into that of a country is or is in fair time My beds were made on the floor, and five nights passed by and the brethren were happy Last evening, at a somewhat late hour, they returned to their quarters and prepared to retire for the night little dreaming of the calamity overhanging them. The night passed It was about half-past 4 this morning that an " early bud" began to think about the worms Half asleep he felt about in the accused tomvjtl place for his pants , they were gone his vest and coat were also missing Nothing was to be found. The unhappy, confused man sits up in bed and is puzzled to know what had happened to him Has he been robbed This any body been murdered Gradually these thoughts passed through his mind and Hushed upon him Then he looked around WhoioaioBiothor 11s clothes stone "Brother 'Is big boots? gone Where are all the pieces of clothing usually adorning the chairs and tables about the room > j,ono-gone-not a vestige continuing the flight ned minister with screams of alarm, shouting Robbery Thieves' Burglars'' sprang from his ted and soon the whole fifty were made aware of the doleful situation The scene that followed begg in description-indeed, forbids details The fifty un clothed rushed hither and thither in the excitement of the moment, vainly seeking something they could not find Considerable amount of money, railroad tickets, watches, and valuables were gone, and con- sternation due sat upon every brown One could not but have pitied those distressed brethren, and yet not to have laughed at their embarrassment would have been impossible It was ludicrous in the extreme A single white garment was the entire of it the individual attire, with a very few exceptions It looked like a lot of ghosts holding- a grand error yal in the early dawn. Here there could have been seen a preacher with one boot on-only that and nothing more. Another rushing around, dress as above- mentioned, with the addition of a tall black hat, and some only the addition of a necktie. Some wrapped a sheet about them, and strode solemnly up and down the room, adding greatly to the ghostly, ghastly, and ridiculous appearance of (the scene, "How shall we over get home ?" says tone. "Oh, dear me, what will my wife say when she hears about this ?" says another. In the meantime the startling news of this acre ligious burglary had spread through the building, and professors, students, and porters hurried in to help to sympathise and devise ways and means for dressing up the unfortunates. All "were in despair. Fifty suits of clothing, with pants long enough and vests big enough for that number of ministers, could hardly be found in a moment. At this instant a discovery was announced. A THe of clerical cut garments had been found in the 'university Chapel a number of boots under the stain. Light slowly dawned upon the troubled souls-it was a college trick. The room had been entered in the night by some mischievous students, showed played the practical joke upon the reverend gentlemen. When the news was made known and the prospect of recovering their lost property, of yet being able to go forth clothed and in their right garments, such a shout of laughter went up as never "(to Baptist ministers shouted before. A grand stampede was now made for all parts of the building, and a thorough inquisition made for boots, hats, coats, pants, so. The ladies boarding in the building prudently retired to their rooms. For an hour undressed and half-dressed ministers could be seen exploring every neck and corner where it was possible for an old shoe to have been secreted, the search was in the main successful, and when our reporter left everything lost, but a simple coat, had been recovered. No money, or watch, or other valuables had been disturbed, and the dressed fifty veto once more happy. I ; Cocoa mu IsvAiiiis.-Nutritious and Digestive acrobatic Cocoa Specially prepared for sullorotH , "ram Indigestion, Debility, and Pulmonary Complaints, is highly nutritious, easily digested milk palatable, and adapted for the most delicate stomach Mid in tins from Is 6d by all Chemists and Italian warehousemen, and by the Manufacturers, Sax of a sum;, 143, New Bond-street, London, W. Advt ] aUiiaiilla Cocoanut breakfast table is com- pure without this delicious boy out The Globe says Various importers and niiinuluotiiiors have attempted to attain a reputation for thou prepared cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough success ""1 been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers discovered the extraordinary qualities of a Miuavillit' if00? .,Auill'tnig their perfect system of properly on to this finest of the species of the Theobroma, woy have produced animation which supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a lore concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others For homoeopaths and invalids I. could not recommend a more agreeable or valu- who beverage " Sold in packets only, by all Grooms, ' his m ttlso may be had Taylor Brothers' Original S?SUBOi»ä,io Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate Steam »¡.,1ZBJ?,?-.LM-e. London. Export Chicory Mills, 