THE AMERICAN PRESS ON THE FOREIGN POLICY OP ENGLAND. (New York Herald. March 7. J Tho Marquis of Salisbury, patron of eight benefices in the Church of England, and cx-Sccrotary of tho Crown for India-and tho Right lion. Benjamin Disraeli, who comes from, an ancestry which knew not Church benéficos but gave free offerings to an untitled priesthood, ox Promior and ex-Chancellor of the British Exchequer-made a simultaneous parliamentary assault on tho foreign policy of Mr. Gladstone last night-tho first in tho House of Lords, and the other in tho Commons. Tho argu ment is tho stereotyped ono of tho mon who aro out of offico. "John Bull" hus been insulted and humbled, and "John" is in danger. The "foreign Powers aro all contemptuous to England," says tho Marquis of Salisbury;. "Prussia has declined England's aid in her negotiations for peaco with France," and " Russia has repudiated obligations solemnly agreed to at tho end of tho Crimean war." Mr. Disraeli gives notice of a question which goes to show that ho is convinced that Russia and Prussia have bamboozled Mr. " Bull,"- and that Count Bismarck has given Mr. Odo Itussoll a preliminary lesson in tho science of diplomacy, the very initial letters of which asto nished the British envoy at Versailles. We trust that when tho Marquis of Salisbury declared that " all tho foreign Powers were contemptuous towards England" ho did not include tho United States, for if ho did ho is ovidontly mistaken, as may bo seen by tho reception which has boen accorded to tho mem bers of tho Joint High Commission in Washington. As to " Prussia declining' England's aid ia tho negotiations for peaco with Franco," it is not at all wonderful, for tho simple reason that tho Etnporor William did not require it. Liko tho ghost story in !Dickens'a " Bleak House"-That's Solomon Daisy'sBtory," said John Willett, "and no ono mall tell it by my fireside but Solomon Daisy" Tho Emperor William can tell tho story of poaco himself, and without English aid. His Majesty ie, moreover, a very religious and domostic gentle man-as. has boen provol by our special cabio reports ot his affectionate letters to O_ueon Augusta during the war-and being so ho does not wish to renew the rather indelicalo scones of "Mother Harris" or " ¿Irs. Sairey Gamp" gotting astrido on a broomstick nnd soaring in the air across tho Channel from tho " tight little islo" to tho Continent. England, with out Napoleon at tho Tuileries, has very lew friends in Europe. Having demolished Austria and France, Count Bismarck is proparing to uso up Groat Britain. Our Bpecial corrospondont reports, on good authority, that ho will soon issuo a circular, reviewing the history, and ovonts of tho lato war, in which ho will severely comment, almost to ofiensivonesp, on tho attitudo of England during the struggle, characteriz ing tho policy of tho British Government aa " tricky and evasive." Will thia circular be tho initiatory movement in a Gorniun-Russian crusado against tho East? England will doubtlosB tiiko the castigation administered by Bismarck in a becoming spirit of meekness and resignation-at leaBt outwardly. It will gall her, howevor, to receive such treatinont at tho hands of the same Germany that she saved from political vassalage to Franco little moro than half n century ago. (J\rcw York Times, March 7.) For sixty-four years Prussia has hated Franco on account of Jena; now Franco will probabty hato Prussia for sixty-four years more ou account of Sedan and Paris-and so it goes on. If you toll them they ought not to hate each other, that the Bible saya it ia wrong, each will reply that that ia very true ; but that, nevertheless, tho first cluiuco it get3 it will give the other a drubbing, to take tho impudence out of it, and teach it how to behave In short, in tho matter of charity and forgiveness, they feel very much as.tho poet Heine BUUI ho felt about forgiving his enemies. What ho asked of Providence wus, a modest cottage, with half-a-dozon of his - enemies hanging to a tree in front of his door. Ho was ready to forgive them, but not till they woro hung. Tho Prussians aro ready to love Frenchmen, but only after having given thom a severo boating, and after the French men have acknowledged themselves to bo vain, fickle, vicious people, in every way inferior to the Gormans. Tho French, on the other hand, are willing to love the Germans after having captured Berlin, and after tho Germans have acknowledged themselves to bo coarse, stupid, and gluttonous barbarians, in every way inferior to the French. Both will agree, loo, to lovo and forgive the English, b'it only after having seized London, and levied a hmdsomo contribution on it, and obtained from both Houses of Parliament a formal acknowledg ment that a moro perfidious, heartless, canting, and hypocritical nation than England never existed. ThiB being tho state of things ~tho roign .of peace is evidently very near at hand. 