Letters to the Editor. SUBSCRIBERS who may change their residences, or who have in any way to communicate with this office, will save themselves annoyance and us much incon-<*> venience by writing their signatures plainly. In changing an tddress, it is in all cases advisable to mention the previous residence. On our books there are so many similar names that unless the full ad dress is given we are at a loss to know which party has changed, and one may have two papers sent him while another has none at aIL Unless accompanied by a stamped envelope, we cannot guarantee the return of declined MSS. Correspondents must enclose name and address, not for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. •^'Communications intended for this journal, must be ddressed to the Editor of the Queenslander Boiling Sugar.—An awkward mistake appears in the sth page of thii issue. In the address delivered by Mr. Mackay in West Moreton it is said that sugar, in the open fire process, should be boiled up to " 330 to 335 degree*." Itsbonld be 230 to 235. It will be well for those who desire to retain this issue for reference to correct the flgure*. -fateorologiral (Doubtful, Oxley}.—You mistake ; tbe meteorological observer is a very careful man ; pro bably " he is not beyond- making mistakes," but if he did make an error, he is just the man we would sup pose to ackn wledge it. "Fair Play."—lt is not "fair piny" to close the Gardens to all who will not pay for admission, for any such purpose. The Gardens are the property of the public, they are kept in order by public money, and no private club ought to be allowed to monopolise them even for haif a day. There was some excuse for tbe " Caledonians," the " Free Library Committee," and the " Sunday-school Union" making a charge at tbe gate, on the ground that tbe proceeds were devoted to a public charity, or for some useful public object: but the Athletic Club do not propose to do anything of the kind, so far as we can discover. M Otixen."—You are quite right: it is a disgraceful thing for publicans to ba allowed to supply the abo riginals with drink in the barefaced manner they do : but the disgrace is fairly chargeable to those who see it done, and yet take no steps to bring the offenders to justice. It is no use denouncing the traffic aud blam ing the police—there has been too much of that already. Get a clear case against a publican, and assist the police to get a convictiou. "Frater." —The fact, if it be one, that Government pro- Tide comfortable places in the Civil Service for broken down " swells " is no reason why they should do the same for broken-down tradesmen. Tliey ought not to make the Service a refuge for the destitute of any class. There is far too much of this scrambling for Government, or rather public money, and most of the whining about tbe favoritism now shown in public appointm nta is simply the result of disappointment and vexation on the part of unsuccessful candidates for those appointments. "Marcus Collision" (Gympic).—We have made in quiries at the office of the Chief Commissioner of Crown Lauds with reference to your case, and find that when the surveyor came to survey your selection it proved to be within the gold-field boundary, and therefore could not be taken up as a homestead under the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 180S You could, however, secure your improvements and the land too i by taking it up under the Gol'.-fields Homestead Act Temperance (A. C. C.).—The paper is published in Mel bourne, but could probably be got through a Queens land bookseller. Murphy's Creek.—You would injure the case by abuse : send particulars to the Works-office, Brisbane. Land (W. A. Withers, Sydney).—Unfortunately you can not take up land upon the Tweed River under the Queensland Regulations; it belongs to New South Wales. Tbe land is good beyond doubt. Navigation (L. L., Lannceston).—The directions referred to are published in Pugh's Queensland Almanac. Declined with ibaDks.—A Ghost Story; A Political Seance; To Slanderers ; A Dream. 