THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. St. Kilda. — Thera is at present in courso oE erection at the corner of tho High-street, St. ICilda, and the Alma-road, a very com modious edifice which, when completed, will be used as a branoh of tho Commercial Batik, the increasing business of that corporation making the proposed new structure neces sary. The appearance o£ the High-Btreet will be materially affected for the tetter when the building we spouk of is opened to the public. We believe that it is intended to erect a number of comfortable private residences on the laud adjacent to tho grounds of Mr. Matthew Hervey, which will most undoubtedly be a step in the right dirootion. Whoa public or private enterprise runs up a few more buildings in the High- street, such as that of the Commercial Bank promises to be, or similar in solidity and appearance to the premises recently erected by Mr. George Arnold, the chemiBt, tho leading thoroughfare of St. Kilda will bo one in which the residents may take a pride. Not but what they think a good deal of it, even as matters stand. Still, there ia room for much iu the way of improvement, and it is cheering lo find that a very good beginning has been made. Volunteer. Land . Certificates. — The Geelong Volunteer Land Certificate League have determined to put in claims of service to-morrow, and the members will bo urged to advance claims for the additional year's sendee to Parliament when tlie Assembly meets. - The league propose to urgo tho adoption of similar action by all Land Cer tificate Leaf,ue3 in the colony. Tiie Military Barracks. — Good pro gress is I'/cing made in tho erection of the north wi'ag of the main pile of buildings, at the military barracks, fronting the St. Kilda /.oad. The stonework of tho outer walla ' has reached aomo feet above tho lower tier of windows, and from the number of me' j employed on tho works, this addition »'.t a state of completion. Western' Australian Timber. — Mr. Swayne, of Ballarat, has been appointed Indian agent for the Western Australian Timber Company. The newly-appointed agent left to-day by the mail stoamer for his head quarters, Calcutta. Mr. Swayne is to visit Bombay, Madras, Colombo, and other parts of India, where the toorat and jarrah timbers are likely to bo in demand. Victorian Railway Traffic. — The traffic returns on the Victorian railways for the weekending the 23rd March, 1S71, amounted to £10,024 Os. 2d., the returns for the cor responding period of last year being £9,849 8s. Sd. Siuee, tho beginning or tho present .'year £125j 580 15s. has been received, while in the corresponding period of 1S70 £12S,350 15s. 7d. was obtained. The weekly average .for 1S70 was £10,675 17s. lid., while forthis ;yoar it lias been £10,400 Is. 3d. A Warning.- — The good people of Hotham who; delight in the possession of dogs, had better be on their guard, as, from what was let fall at the meeting of the local borough council last evening, it is certain that pre vious laxity will give place to uncommon vigilance in the matter of collecting dog fees. £200 ought to havo been received by .the council from that source, whereas only £50 was acknowledged. - The whole council 'are to form themselves into n committe to 'look after the matter ; so, if people possessed of canine property wish to be fined, all they have to do is not to take any notice, but just to go on iu the old way until, in an un expected moment, they have placed in their hands a little bit of paper in the shape of a summons to show cause why they have evaded paying their dog fees. , Eye and Ear Institution. — The monthly meetiug of the 'committee of this institution was held yesterday, Eev. J. Mirams in the chair. The receipt of £125, being the first instalment of the Government grant in aid for the current year, was announced. The nun. muiuuitj. uiucuiu were rcrjucaccu to furnish an estimate of the medicines likely to be required during the next three months. Accounts were passed to the amount of £93. Mr. Zox gave notice of motion that a special meeting of the committee be called to con sider the best means of raising funds to (erect a suitable building for the institution. Dining the month 101 new out-patients had been received ; the total number of. atten dances had been 947 ; 22 in- paticnts had been admitted, of whom 1 i remained in the house ; 18 operations had been performed. Hotham Borough Council. — It "was stated last evening, at the meeting of the borough council of Hotham, that Councillor Lancashire having loft tho borough, and given up possession of the property he hold therein, he had become disqualified to take his scat in that council. In the meantime Councillor Hyne will sign oheques instead of Councillor Lancashire, who was one of the Finance Committee. The following portions of schedulo 12 of the Boroughs Statute were confirmed as by-laws of the borough of Hotham Part 1. Porticoes, projections, &c.; ; the whole. Part 2. Waterworks, drains, & c. ; the whole. Part 4. Places of improvement and recreations, &c.; ; the whole. Part 5. Regulation, &e.;, of build ings ; the whole. Part 6, Buildings, &c.;, for public meetings ; the whole. Part 7. Fire prevention ; subdivisions, 1, 2, S, 4 and 6. Part 8. Nuisances of various kinds ; the whole. ' Part 9. Mis cellaneous matters ; tho whole. Part II. F.egulatioa of proceeding of council officers, &e.; ; the whole. The following by-laws were repealed : — No. 2. To regulato by means of standing orders tho proceedings of tho coun cil. No. 3. For empowering tho chairman of tho council to tnko elections by ballot to supply vacancies from timo to time in the council. No. 4. For tho regulation, &c.;, of footpaths and water channels. No. 5. For preventing accidents arising from fires in Ojiimney iluos. No. S. For tho regulation of tho public abattoirs of Hotbam. No. 11. For tho regulation of cabs and other voliiclcs. No. 12. To regulato tho driving of cattle and horses through tho streets. No. IG. For tho regulation of niglitmcn. Sons of Teho'Euance. — Tho quarterly meeting of tho No. 4 Division ot tho Sons of Tomperanco, St. ICilda, took placo last evening iu tho Temperance Hall, Blanch- street, Brother Jones, IV. P., in the chair. After tho ordinary business had beou con cluded, tho election of officers for the ensu ing quarter was proccoded with, and tho following members of tho division were unanimously elected Bro. Gibls, W.P. ; Bro. M'Lcan, W.A. ; Bro. Hooper, R.S. ; Bro. Middlcton, F.S. ; Bro. M'Kcnzio, A.F.S. ; Bro. Boll, T. ; Bro. Hern, C. ; Bro. R. Syrnons, A.C. : Bro. Spottiswood, O.S. ; Bro. Adamson, I.S. ; Bro. Jones nets as P. W.P. Tho installation of officers takes placo next Monday night, as tho itBual night of meeting falling on Easter Monday, it was anticipated that but very few members of tho division would bo prosent, owing to tho holiday. Two new members wore admitted into the division, which is in a very satisfac tory condition, but it was urged that mem bers in arrears should pay up as soon as possible. Contributions amounting to £9 8s. wore received during tho evening. National Museums. — Tho number ot visi tors to the National Musoums of Natural History, Geology, and Economic Geology, appliod to mining, agriculture, and tho arts, for tho weekending 25th March, 1871, was 139S. Tho museums aro open to tho public daily (Sundays excepted) from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m., in tho National Museum building, at the back of tho Univorsity. Mail Arrangements with America. — Tho Olago Daily Times, which is, of courso, to a certain extent, "inspired" on the sub ject from tho intimato connection with it of Mr. Vogel, tho Now Zealand agent, just despatched to America and England, says : — By Bpccial private information to Auckland it is ascertained that the lion. Mr. Vogal mot tho Chamber of Commerce at San Fran cisco, but without any result. Mr. Neilson is no longer a resident of San Francisco, and is reported to bo in Cbicago. Air. Vogel lias gone to Now York to see Mr. Webb, who is there. Tho repudiation of tho contraot is confirmed. Mr. H. Hall has arranged to continue his contract next month, but re fuses to continue it longer unless via Fiji. One of his vessels will, therefore, call at Auckland in April, and if the Now Zealand Government so arrange, will lay on a branch service to Fiji in May. It is understood that tho Nevada will leave Sau Francisco for New Zealand about the middle of April, on a trial trip, if indemnified by Mr. Vogel against loss; The exponso of the trip is estimated at £10,000. The Nebraska requires a new boiler bofore she is fit for sea, and the Kakota is in Now York. Tho Mexican and China Lino subsidy has been refused by Con gress, and this refusal is considered to be fatal to the Australian subsidy. Farfavell Luncheon to Mr. David Syme.— About fifty gentlemen connected with tho staff of the Age newspaper wore present to-day at noon, at tho Criterion hotel, to bid bon voyage to Mr. David Symo, one of the proprietors of that journal, who sailed this afternoon for England in the mail steamer Geelong. After a sumptuous luncheon had been disposed of, the usual preliminary toasts were drank, after which the health of Mr. David Symo was done full justice to. Mr. Syme acknowledged the compliment, and, after Borne other toasts had been drank, the affair terminated. Mr. Harrison, the editor of vuu «/e, UCtrMptvU Jgib iUttU| IIUU AULA X IH/4V| sub-editor, the viee-chasr. A Destructive Young Ruffian. — Yes terday evening Alexander Shedden, having the larrikin appearance, was lodged in tho Swanston-strcet watchhonse, on a charge of fighting lu tho street. When he was locked- up by himself he applied for some blankets, and two were given to him. Ho was re leased on bail some hours afterwards, and when the coll was examined one of the blankets was torn into pieces about six inches square. This promising yonth was this morning fined 20s. for the damage done. Good Sport. — Yesterday, a fiahorman caught, off Williamstown, a shark 9 feet long, but with a girth ef fully C feet. It had a number of fish-hooks in its mouth, and two with pieces of line attached. Such a bathing companion would be anything but an agree able one. It is one of the ordinary nlue species. _ The Adelaide Aescondep..— An applica tion was made in Chambers, this morning, to Mr. Justice Barry, for tho release of Tidemann on habeas, with a view of staying proceedings. Detective Mainwaring ap- pcaruu. wnii rue warrant ot nta nxccuoncy the Governor, for the remand of tho accused to_ Adelaide, and opposed the application! His Honor said that the application had not been made very clear, and also he did not .know, if he had jurisdiction to order Tide-' mann's release. Theprisonerwill bo sent over to Adelaide forthwith. Another Hardship of the Publicans' Bill.— A fow days ago, a publican, in 'Fitzroy, purchased a well-known hotel, for which the license fee, £25, had been paid to the local council by the lato landlord. So soon as the new man enterod into possession, ho had to pay tho difference for' the re maining nine months of the year. Surely this matter of paying twice over is an im pudent swindle. Loyal Liberal Demonstration. — Very considerable importance is attachod to the Ministerial Banqnot to take place undor the auspices of the Loyal Liberal Association of Sandhurst at that placo this evening. At half- past two o'clock a train specially sot aside for tho behoof of Ministers of the Crown, and some few highly favored oner, left the Spencer-streot Station for Sandhurst, all the talk of course belug as to how matters would shapo themselves, under the influence of the sparkling bawl, and as to what Mr. So- and-so would give utterance to in the course of the convivial hours. Passengers by R.M.S. Geelong. — Tho Royal Mail steamer cleared out to-day with the following passengers from Melbourne : — Mrs. Taunton, Mr. Frazer and three child- AT I DO 1 1 "iirtlrirvall nui \Tii XT CmAiiiA King George's Sound ; Mrs. Galley, Major Smith's ayah, Mrs. Mellish, for Bombay ; Mrs. Wolff, Mr. and Mrs. Frazer and two children, two infanta, Mr. and Mrs. Mack intosh and infant, for Calcutta; Ah Choy, for Hong Kong ; Messrs. A. P.owan, R. Anderson, A. M'Neill, J. Jackson, and A. Anderson, for Singapore ; Mr. and Mrs. D. Symo and son, Mr. H. George, for Brindisi : Miss Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Sclanders, Messrs. T. H. Stovenson, H. Ghinn, C. Wilson, P. Martin, C. A. Hassard, and J. L. Knight, for Southampton. Sandhurst Water Supply. The tendor of Messrs. Fulton and Co., for tlie supply of castings for the Sandhurst Water Supply, for a sum of £518 10s. 5d., was yesterday acoepted by the Government. The Observatory, — Tho trustees of the Melbourne Observatory, canaisting of Capk Amsinck, Rev. Dr. Bromby, Mr. J. W. Stephen, M.L.A., and Professor Wilson, waited upon the Minister of Lands this morning in reference to the proposed sale by tho Government of the dwelling and land ad joining the Observatory, lately ocoupied by General Chute, the commander of tho forces in these colonies. It appears that the ground forms a portion of land reserved for tho purposes of tho Observatory, three separate lots having been at different timeB so 'devoted. At first it was thought that no preliminary notice of the proposed reservation of this ground had been given, and that, therefore, there had been no legal reservation. But, after some in quiry, it Was ascertained that suoli notice had been given, although tho resell: 7 the ground had not been gazetted Th„f anxiety of the trustees wns stated to be tin? if tho land werosoltl unconditional! v a ,t population might be gathered ft,, '7 borhood of tho observatory, a which was highly undesirable. Jh- \?Cy pherson said it was proposed to sell a' piece of ground in ono or three lata , subject to conditions that no factories such establishments should be TreoM tlieron. Previous to the sale bcine m t the plans would bo submitted to tlrn ta, ® tecs; Tho deputation expressed their sllU faction at this roply, and withdrew. Iiie Governor. — Ilia Kxcollcucv the p. pernor purposed, as wo were 'informcT leaving town this afternoon on a ' excursion, which will extend over tivn ® tlireo days. or The Exncutive. —A meeting 0f ti.„ Executivo took place at half-past 12 o'cW- to-day, and amongst other tilings dealt wilt wero the applications of certaiu districts t ' bo proclaimed places for tho issuo of fie licenses undor tho amended Wines. Bee- 7„ i Spirits statute. ' 01 an(l Government Tenders.— Tho tender „f Messrs. Fulton and Co., was received uoon to-day, by the President of the Board of Works, for tiro supply of special caatino, required in connection with tho Sandh,,'! Water Supply. The amount of the tender was £51S 103. Gd. lente Much Cry and Little Wool.— Soma short timo ago agreat outcry was raised amnW Mr. Munro, J. P., and what was or was not going to ho dono in that case, was shouted aloud at tho street corners. And what lian been done? asks hourly a large number of poople, who all get tiro same reply, wi,ici, ts— nothing ; simply nothing. And so cads tho lingo sensation. Malmsbury Reservoir. — Wo under stand that tho necessary repairs to the out- lot works of the reservoir at Malmsburv will bo commenced next week, and carried on with as much expedition as tho oircum. stances of the caso wrll admit of. Offending Publicans.— At tho East Collingwood Licensing Court this morning Ellen Hogan, landlady of tho Robert Burns hotel, Smith-street; nnd Richard Taylor landlord of tho Galatea hotel, Webb-street wero summoned by tho police to show cause why their licenses should not be can celled, each of them having been couvictcd three times of Sunday trading. Mr. Ed. wards appealed for Taylor, and Mr. Gillott for Mrs. Hogan. Tho dates of tho convic- ruous given iu tiiu summonses were tonnd to be orroneous, the court not having sat oa somo of the days mentioned, and tho names of either of the defendants not appearing iu tho canso list on others. Mr. Tomploton said that, apart from this informality, he considered it would be unjust to break the li- oenses of tho defendants on account of con victions obtained when tho law against Sun day. trading was allowed to bo a doatl letter. Some of the convictions against tho defen". dants wero obtained several months ago aad therefore both cases would be dismissed! Road Construction. — Tho Hon. the President of tho Legislative Council, the Hon. G. Duffy, M.P., the Hon. A. Frascr,' M.L.C., Mr. M'Kcnna, M.P., and Messrr, Young and Johnson, mcmbora of tho Kync- ton Shiro Council, waited on the Commis sioner of Roads and Bridges this morning, to ask that a construction order might be issued for the re-making of tho Mountain -road from Kyneton to Blaokwood. Mr. Wilson said that an officer of the department had in spected the road, and was of opinion that a reconstrnotion order was not necessary. It was decided that the engineer of the Kyneton Shiro Council should meet Mr. Turnor, of tlie Roads and Bridges Department, on the ground, and that a report should bo for. warded to the head of tho Department relative to the result of that interview, be fore anything else was done. 'Erection of Tolls.— The Commissioner of Roads and Bridges was asked this inora- inrr. bv a denotation from the Korornit Shirr, Council, to erect a toll at Terriwatri Creek, on .the Bacchus . Marsh road. Mr. Wilson said tho peoplo of Bacchus Marsh objected to such a course being taken, and therefore no toll would bo orcotod at the place indi cated. But a toll might be erected at a point where the traffic of the Bacchus Marsh people would not be interfered with. Severance, and Annexation. — This morning Mr.M.'L.ICing,M.L.A., introduced to the Commissioner ot Roads and Bridges, Messrs. Vineconrt, Moncrief and Anderson, ratepayers in tho Woodend, Newham and Rochford Road District, who were desirous that a small seotion of territory might be cut off from the Gisborno shire and annexed to tho Woo'dond, Newham and Rochford Road District. Mr. Wilson said before anything could be done, it would bo necessary to com municate with the Gisbornc shire conncil, relative to tlie wish expressed by the depu tation, and the department wonld communi- c ite to the deputation what the answer of the council was, and action- would then be taken. Distribution of Toll Revenues.— a deputation from the borough council of. "RrnnRWintc wnitorl . nn flirt rVtmmiBuinnav nf Roads and Bridges this morning respecting the .distribution of the toll funds. It was nrgod that tho City Council had failed in carrjdng out tho arrangements on which tbe distribution of the toil fund was based. Mr. Fitzgibbon, the town ' clerk of Melbourne, asked what amount of money had reached the corporation. The amount was not named by the deputation from Brunswick, The Mayor pf Melbourne said that at least £800 was due to the City Conncil from tho toll fund, and whilst that was the case, the corporation did not feel inclined to go on with the widening of the Sydney road. The work in question would require £1428 to do it, and the council had got nn increase of £12, for two months only, from tho income of the tolls, and nothing more. It wa3 contended on the part of Brunswick that the -matter was not fairly stated. The collections from the tolls were in the hands of the toll manager, and if the money had not reached the oity council it was not the fault of Brnnswick. The city council knew that the. monoy would even tually reach their hands. -Mr. Fitzgibbon said that had nothing to do with it. The oity council had only received £24, and they wero asked to spend £1428. The city council . had spent in two years on the maintenance of tho rond £1267 I4s. 5d. Mr. Wilson ' said that there would then be a surplusof £200 to the credit of the city council from the toll distribution of 1870 ; and certainly the main tenance of the road was for the benefit of the citizens. The city corporation had un dertaken to do certain things at tho timo of the toll distribution, and he would leave it to the good sense of ' tho corporation as to whothor they would carry out their promises i or no. Ho certainly thought the city council should widen the Sydney road. : Lancefield or Romsey. — Once more a deputation was introduced to the Cornmis- sioner of Boads and Bridges by Mr. M. L. King, M.L.A., respecting the questionasto whether a certain shire shall be called Lance field or Romsey. Tho deputation stated that a ballot had been taken, and the result was that a largo majority of tho ratepayers was in favor of tho shire being . named Rom sey. Mr. Wilson would not. be persuaded that the ballot had been properly conduoted, but expressed an opinion that tho deputation had endeavored to stoal a maroh on tnoBe holding a different view. He thought tie deputation wero in an awful hurry, and that did not look well, to say tho least of it- There must bo a ballot conducted in tao legitimate way, or ho could do nothing W tho matter. It was decided that another ballot should be taken at a timo to be hxeu by tho road board. , Recreation Reserve at Campbell3 Cheek,— The chairman of the Campbolis Creek Road Board, introduced by Mr. iar- rell, M.L,A., waited upon tho hon. the Minister of LandB, this morning, and Mhe< that the recreation reserve at Campbell Creek might bo permanently reserved. 1# Minister intimated that tho request coulu not be complied with. Tho applicant next asked that a larger share of the Government grant-in-aid for parks and gardens might D' hoard for this rosorvo than ?Tbea hitherto accorded it Mr. Mao- Mill that tho board had, ho const- pberson J a. fa;,.iy dealt with on account nark or garden, but if they were, on of tht3 par 3llorfc 0f funds, thoir case avorably considered. F.ood Damages.— Messrs. Sloan and Kcr introduced to tho Commissioner of ,fCtl a. .ml Bridies this morning by tho Hon. I#®? vr p n3 a deputation, to ask that 1' rovernmont would advance a sum of the Go -.-air the approaches to Sloan's ®nieLr the Goulburn ltivor. Mr. Wilson P M i an estimate were sent m of tho pro- hie cost of tho work, consideration would DllfTy' » dneci a deputation from Woodend to 'f t mi tho Minister of Lands this morning. !& deputation asked that cattle might bo " ted to bo grazed in the State forest at P?r®,1' ,i Mr. Hodgkinson, Assistant Com- t-ierof Lands, said ho would ho in the Kborhood of the place in a few days, and l vould see if "10 troes m tllQ for03t were -ieutlv high to pormit of tho roquest complied with. The deputation next til that the splitters' lioonoo might bo a? iLheil but Mr. McPhorson deolinod to g'SSth the matter. - Tun Benefit vor toe Hospital.— Tliere was certainly a very good attondanoo i- Hip Opera IIouso last evening on the oo- -ion ot the benefit in aid of the funds of tte Melbourne Hospital, tondcredby Siguora Ihratti, hut it must bo admitted, at the 0 timo, that the dress-circlo of tho theatre W"3 uot 80 well filled as the merits of the institution, or tho fino programme pro- tided, deserved. Of course it may bo said Hat there is a great drain on tho public netae of Victoria with reference to cbaritie-j hut we think no work is more deserving ot support than the Melbourne Hospital. We do not remember to have boon present at an entertainment in aidof the same charity ivhen Ihore were fewer of tho honorary medical staff or of the committee present, but the mail lioht aid tho shortness of tho notico may bo some excuso for the poor patronage. Balfo's beautiful opera of tho Rose of Castilo was the first portion of the entertainment, Madame Fanny Simonsen and Mr, Armcs Beaumont being in beautiful voice. The great Casta Diva scene from Norma was never played better by Signora Barratti, and tho bolero from |I Vespri Sicilian! was also beautifully given by our prima donna. To- night Satanella is to be produced. Weston's Opera House. — To-night an nnh'relv new-programme is to be none through by the American Excelsior Minstrols, and certainly, looking over the list of tho various items, wo must say that the entertainment should bo ono of more than usual excellence. Ihe programme inoludes, "Blooming Morn- iogGlones," "Shoo Fly Don't Bodder Me," "Ghost in a Pawnshop;" Salamandor Sam (a host in himself), and "Hash," which re port says is an extravagaza tho like of which has never been sec for fun and frolic. If the management continue ho supply such a col lection of enticements, thoro is little foar of the public not appreciating tho effort to make Weston's Opora-house ono of tho most popular places of amusement in the city. Benefit Concert. — Tho entertainment given in the Foresters' Hall, Williamatown, fast evening, for the. benefit of the -widow and children of the late Benjamin Nind, an employee on tho railway at Williamstown, and who was killed by a train running over kin, about two months ago, was a very suc cessful affair. The Misses Livingstone and Deaham, and Messrs. Rcdfern, lovers and Benford, audothers, rendered effective service in the good cause. Mr. J. M. Delacy was the pianist. The promoters of the concert are to be eohgratulated on tho result of their kindly action.- 