Intercolonial. Melbourne Letter. Saturday. July 22. The brief recess required for the Ministerial re-elections rapidly draws to a close, and on Tuesday next the Ministry have to face the Parliament and put before the House and the country the grounds of their claim to occupy and to retain the Treasuiy Benches. The different members of the Cabinet, particularly the Chief Secretary, have been most assiduous in mastering the business and informing themselves of the posi tion of their several departments, and preparing skeleton bills for the draughtsmen, who are getting their measures ready for Parliament. The new Ministry have been feted, as most of their predecessors have been. Sandhurst is at this moment in a highly flourishing condition owing to the rich returns which the principal gold-mines of the district have been yielding, and Sandhurst is therefore able and willing to do the hospitable on any suitable occasion. I don't know ' how many Ministries have been thus entertained at that auriferous borough, or rather, how few, if any, have escaped its fond attentions. At all events it would have savoured of unwonted cold ness if the dining men of Sandhurst had failed to invite Mr. Duffy and his colleagues and so these gentlemen were duly banqueted there on Thursday evening last. The Ministers can have no cause of complaint in the matter of their reception ; on the contrary, they must have been agreeably surprised at the amount of en thusiasm displayed on their behalf, not only at Sandhurst but also on the way thither. The dinner was very well attended, and in every re spect a success. The speech of the evening was of course that of the Premier, Mr. Duffy, and was an able and extremely telling one, full of point and classical embellishment, though, like the 'Australian policy,' somewhat vague. Ho took up the same political topics as in his speech at Kyneton, and still claimed for his Cabinet the character of a Ministry of ' action,'* having, as he asserted in the short month of their existence as a Ministry, already redeemed the promises with which they had started, so far as- depended upon mere adminis tration ; and he pledged himself and his colleagues not to pause while a fragment of them remained unfulfilled, if Parliament would assist them. The extension of settlement and the creation of new industries were the principal points dwelt upon. The style of Mr. _ Duffy's address may be gathered from the following extract, which reads, it may be said, more like the utterances of a poet than a politician, but is immensely taking, especially with an audience who have just dined. After answering some criticisms of Mr. Micliie's, he proceeds thus : — ' Fublio life would be to mo the most humiliating o£ slaveries, if it was not redeemed by tbe hope of doing some worthy and memorable work. I am in my present position, primarily, because I have a policy to cany out for which I am willing to strive and labour, to spend and be fpent. I have named it an Australian policy — others give it other titles; but under any title it means the methods and agencies by which this country may be made great aud prosperous. We have had rulers sometimes set oyer us who did not even Know that' a national policy is necessary to a nation ; as necessary indeed as a chart to sail by on the open sea. 'What do you aim and hope to make this country in the far future ? The answer to this question ought to furnish the key of our national policy; and having determined this naWKnal point, wo ought not to consent to fluctuations aad vari ations, to doing to-day what we may undo to morrow,— but keep our eyes steadily on the goal we hava chosen, and all impediments, even * Alps and Appenines, will sink before you.' I will say for the Government that they know where they are going. Here is a land richly endLowed by nature, a fertile soil seamed with gold, with a vigorous and intelligent population, with a constitution a a free as heart can desire, endowed with all the wisely ordered liberty that Milton loved. If we cannot make it a prosper ous and happy country, the faultis ours. We have dreamed, some of ue, of this latest growth of time flowering into a — 7r~7I- perfect Statt— ' a fairer Athens and a freer noble ana I ^ b3 but a dream, what but our mcapa ^2? fnrWdB us at least to rival here, under this genial sky, virtuous homesteads of Switzerland and Belgium, w emy household is the seat of prosperous industry, ^dthetoe citizen is bondsman to no lord saving the Lord ^ There 'was one incident connected with the nrrasion which the Argus regards as extremely SSgto Mr- Daffy, namely, an altaion to SL career before coming to Australia. Ihe gen Steman who proposed the toast, referred to the ivrpindice existing against Mr. Duffy in the public Jniid and the inevitable ' Dr. Fell,' was of S:Se trotted out; but the speaker made apolo getic allusions to the earlier career ot Mr. Duffy, Sri admitted some escapades of his own youthful JSIvs bv which he should not like to be judged— notably an exhibition which he made of himself on a bullock dray, from whence he harangued the People in not very peaceable language. These allusions, as may be supposed, were not palatable tn Mr Duffy, and the terms on which he spoke m the subject are taken by the Argus to be a reassertion of all his old ' rebel to the back-bone and spinal marrow' proclivities. How far this deduction is warranted your readers may judge from the ipsissima verba of Mr. Duffy, which, as reported by the Argus, were as follows «-Mv friend Mr. M'lntyre has been good enough to defend mv political career in this colony, and to excuse my Seal career in the old country. I say very respectfully that I do not think my political career in this colony or my political career in the other country need either defence or ercuse. As respects the old country, I content myself with savins that reasonable men will conclude, I believe, that a man who is faithful to his native country is not lilielv to be unfaithful to his adopted one. And as to this country gentlemen, I will challenge any friend who has still some doubts on his mind or any enemy to specify any ?miblic measure in this country which ought to be supported that has not had my support. I simply think it due to invself not as an individual, but as the banner-bearer of a party and due to the position I hold as Chief Secretary and head of a Government, not to permit to pass without this slight observation the well-intentioned and courteous lan guage (but somewhat wounding to me) employed by my friend Mr. M'lntyre.' There was nothing special about any of the other speeches, which partook of the same character as other after-dinner utterances on similar occasions. The Marquis of Normanby experienced an ex ceedingly rough reception here_ as far as the weather was concerned, for the ship Lincolnshire, in which his Excellency aud the Marchioness, with their son, Lord Hervey Phipps, had come out, was detained in the South Channel, some thirty miles down the bay, from Sunday morning until Tuesday afternoon by a continuous north erly gale. The position of the ship was at one time not free from danger, for she parted from one of her anchors and dragged the other for a distance of five miles, until she was close to a sand-bank ; but the weather having moderated, they towed her away to Melbourne. HisExcellency and family are guests of Viscount Canterbury, at Toorak, and are quietly taking a look at Mel bourne and the neighbourhood. He is to pay a visit of inspection to our new Town Hall on Mon day. accompanied by our own Governor and suite, and they will take luncheon with the Mayor— a considerable number of leading citizens having been invited to meet the distinguished visitors. The Hon. John Hart, the Treasurer and Pre mier of South Australia, has been over here making arrangements for the dispatch of vessels to the Northern territory, for the purpose of pro secuting the overland telegraph. The Aldinga steamer, which sailed from here on Tuesday, will on her return trip bring the Government party, who are to proceed to the north, to resume the work which has been taken out of the hands of the contractors. They will be transferred to the Omeo steamer, which has been chartered for the purpose, and will take a quantity of horses, drays, and stock, in addition to those which Mr. Ross is procuring in Sydney and Newcastle, to be forwarded by the Antipodes from the latter port, and by one or possibly two other vesssels to be chartered on behalf _ of the South Australian Government. The spirit and energy displayed by the South Australian people inspire great confidence here as to the completion of the work almost as soon as was promised. The contro versy on the subject of the rival lines to connect with the Indo-European lines, by way of Batavia, still goes on between Queensland and Souta Australia ; and Mr. Cracknell's (of [Queensland) answer to the strictures of Mr. Todd, the Super intendent of Telegraphs in South Australia, has reached us, and been the subject ot comment in our papers. Mr. Fraser, of Batavia, has returned from his trip to Adelaide, where lie has been interviewing the South Australian Government, on the subject of the proposed steam service between Batavia and these colonies. The result of his visit has not yet leaked out. He is to have a meeting with the committee of our Chamber of Commerce on Monday afternoon. Mr. Duffy's pet idea of importing vine and olive dressers, fig preservers, -tc., from Southern ?Europe, has been put into a tangible form in the shape of a Royal Commission, which has just been issued, nominating fourteen gentlemen, Many of whom have manifested an interest in similar projects, to inquire and report upon the subject. Their instructions are to ascertain how iar it may be practicable to introduce into this colony the pursuits common amongst the farming; communities of the continent of Europe, to specify which of such industries are most suitable our soil, climate, and circumstances, and to report as to how far the labour of persons in our industrial and reformatory institutions may be advantageously used for the purpose. They are iso to report on the preservation of our State v j- an-^ the introduction of foreign trees suited to our soil and climate. f^Ser craving which the people of every irict in the colony manifest for railway com Htnr !!1' with the metropolis has been exhi aBtar*m- r-e Proceedings of Town Councils and but the Gippslanders, linp no. ProsP?ct of getting a Government west uotil the north-east and south hibit^q polony had been first served, have ex therToJi-f11 ea™?lt?ess in a way which does thev will V ^ey don't command success, worker e^nAeserv« & They have set to 150 milpo f86 -'f ' R0 f°r the construction of of railway, the cost being estimated by competent engineers, and they ask the Ofovern ment to give a guarantee of interest to enable them to secure the required capital The unsparing denunciations of the ab Dmina tions connected with the Unnawading religious impostures in which the Press has very properly indulged, has brought down upon one of our Melbourne journals, the Daily Telegraph, the ire of the men and women concerned in them, and an action for libel has been commenced a.gaiust the paper by one of the men and his wifu. As two witnesses who had lived in the service of these parties were about to leave the colony their evidence has been taken de bene esse, but it will not be made public at present. It is said to con tain most extraordinary statements, and ii: the case is brought into Court we may look for still more sensational disclosures. The movement which was commenced a week or two ago for celebrating the centenary of Sir Walter Scott's birthday has for the present failed. It was originated by the St. Andrew's Socioty ; but though entitled to some credit for having originated it, they made the mistake of endea vouring to make it subservient to the objects of their own little society. The passion for dancing on the smallest legitimate provocation which pos sesses our population was not sufficient to over come the prejudice created against the ' Waverley Ball,' by the retirement from the list of its pro moters of the most influential of the number, aind the strictures of the Press on the proposed applica tion of any money which might be made out of it. The general feeling is — and it is shared by the cultivated English and Irish as well as the Scotch — that whatever may be the character of tlie festivities the net result should be applied to the founding of a Scott Scholarship at the Melbourne University. As the St. Andrew's Society men have at last discovered that their persistence in the course adopted by them was likely to be destructive of the entire object, they are retiring from that position, and it will now probably be taken up zealously by others and carried out. The check given to the movement will not be entirely overcome, and moreover there is a very sufficient reason just now for abjuring expensive amusements. It is expected, however, to be moderately successful. Whether it is a sign of advancing age, or to whatsoever cause it may be ascribed, there is the undoubted fact that, as a people, we are getting as familiar with ghost stories as we were in the old country. Some tale of supernatural vision is continually appearing in the Press, especially the provincial Press, and we have had two or three stories of a very sensational character lately. Oddly enough, if the European starts a tale of this kind, the 'Heathen Chinee' immediately surpasses him with a vision of his own twice as sensational, and fitting as exactly into the habits and notions of the Celestials as the English story does into those of the European races. 