LADIES' TRIBUTE COMPANY. The ordinary general half-yearly meeting of tlie shareholders in this company lapsed for want of a quorum. The following is the report prepared by the directors to lay before the shareholders at such meeting :— DIRECTORS' REPORT. Since your last general meeting the shaft lias been put ilown to the depth of 113 feet iu the face of great difficulties, the ground being very hard, and com mencing at about eighty feet the water had in creased, so that we were forced to stop sinking at the present depth; we then commenced cutting a plat at the 100 feet lere!, which is not yet finished. Tlie appearance of the ground in sinking is excel lent, and in attempting to cut a plat at the lowest level, when in about three feet, the last bore put into the face gave such a flow of water that we con sidered it advisable (as the men's time was employed in constantly bailing water for the benefit of those companies immediately north and south) to com mence a plat at about 100 feet, as above stated, feeling confident from the many indications we have had in sinking, that your shaft is in the proper position as regards the Garden Gully Reef. We, therefore, would respectfully recommend that a portable engine be ordered by this meeting to bo placed on the ground, and sinking pioceeedcd with as quickly as possible. The following balance sheet will show the financial position of the company. BALANCE-SHEET. Receipts.—Balance from old company, £21 2 2d.; first call, £17 13s. -Id.; second call, £31 13s. 4d.; suspense account, ISs. Oil.; fencing, £1; cash in hand, £1 7s. 2d.; total, i'l.'i.'i 19s. 9d. Expenditure.—Contract account, £5S 12s. 6d.; wages, £45 9s. 2d.; material, £4 3d. Gd.; sundries, £2 12s. 6d.; stationery, printing, kc., £12 Tfcj management, £10; bajauce, £20 los. Id.; total, £153 19s. 9d. Assets.—Uncalled capita), £5,607 5s.; unpaid calls, £U 3s. -id.; cash in hand, £1 7s. 2d.; balance in bank, £2015s. Id.; total, £5,643 10s. 7d. Liabilities.—Sundry creditors, £18 12s.; balance, £5,021 ISs. 7d.; total, £5,033 10s. 7d. The Lal Lal Ghost—The veritable Lai Lai Ghost (says the Buninyong Telegraph) has turned up as an informer. After nearly frightening the lives out of people, by acting the ghost, he got verj- thirsty, and, it 13 said, obtained sixpenny-worth of beer at 3Ir. Capel's, near the station at Lal Lal, s® subsequently gave information, which led to Mr. Capel being summoned to the court on Friday last. The ghost is about six and * half feet in height. The case was remanded for a fortnight, in order to procure the attendance of a second justice of the peace. Dr. Ferdinand von Mueller, the Govern ment botanist, has (understands the S. A Advertiser) been created a baron of the North German Empire. Tub wood dealers of Ballarat have hit; upon an appropriate name for the new coal trucks. They designate theni the " railway —mourning coaches," 