MISCELLANEOUS. An old lady, slightly blind, while en gaged in a futile attempt to sew buttons on young Augustus's new jacket re marked, ' Drat these buttons ! I can't find the holes, and they split all to pieces every time I stick the needle into 'em.' To which replied young Augus tus : ' Now look here, Granny ! you just let my peppermiat drops alone. You've split mor'n half of 'em al i ready.' Fbkscoino or Bunged Etbs a Regular Business. — A new decorative art has been discovered by a reporter of the New York Times in that city — that of punting black eyes— and of course the reporter at once proceeded to interview the artist: — ' Is it a regular business ?' we asked of the owner of the establish ment. ' Are your artistic talents often called into play?' ' Every day, sir, This neighborhood would be entirely lost without me. I have a constant run of custom. My palette is always in de mand. From practice I have acquired that certainty of touch, that delicacy of handling, without mannerism or stiffness, which is the perfection of art.' ' What is the price of— of — ' ' Of obliterating those accidental hues which sometimes disfigure the human face divine ? From one dollar to 50 cents according to the customer and the nature ^ of the hung.' 'Bung! what is bung?' we enquired. ' A bunged eye. For one dollar I lavish all the subtleties of my art. First there is the ground work to be nicely assorted to the complexion, then come in the flesh tints, then the umbers and the shad ings. Sometimes, sir, I have been so happy in my effects in restoring an in jured eye, that I have absolutely eclipsed the sound one, so much so that I have been forced to work up the good eye, in order to restore a balance of effect. I hare been paid 25dols. for what was my best miniature work. That eye belonged to a very nice gentleman in Wall-street who said he hal accidentally fallen on a curbstone broker. Fifty cents is my charge for roughs and politicians. I average about ten eyes a day. Monday is mostly a busy day, and tbe crop comeB in from Saturday and Sunday. St. Patrick's Day brings a perfect harvest. A political reception of an Assembly-man from Albany always keeps me busy. I set my palette especially for the German peace jubilee, but wonld you beliere it sir, it was a sad loss of time and material Those Germans have not the least idea how to enjoy themselves in a rational way.' ' Do women ever come to you ?' ' Frequently, sir ; always closely veiled I have been sent for, too, in the most mysterious and romantic ways, in a carriage, to repair female damages.' ' Of course, no one ever came with a black eye in a legitimate way ?' ' Hardly ever knew a case, sir. Mosty it's kindling wood that does it. It is amazing how spiteful kindling wood is, and how it will fly at a man's head when he attempts to split it. Base-ball, too, seems to have a particular, liking for the human countenance. Pumps and posts and gas lamps ought to be in stantly removed, from the tendency they have to black the people's eyes. In a pretty careful diagnosis of this disease, I think I may safely say that I never met with a party where the pri-. mary cause was knuckles.' ' Is it a cash business ?' ' Impossible to con duct it otherwise. Sometimes after the picture is painted and varnished the money is hard to get. If the party goes back on us we usually ask permis sion to add the finishing touch. This we put on with an extra daub of Prus sian blue, which quite destroys the general harmony. We can afford to lose the money, but can't allow parties to get the better of us.' 'Do our colored brethren ever call on you ?' ' Never had a case. That race, sir, is above these distinctions of color. You may swell their heads but their com plexion never alters. If we had a branch in Liberia we could not make a living.' There are some fine old economic errors which never die. They resemble the locust tree. You may cut it down and imagine pou have got rid of it, bat a few weeks afterwards you will find tough little saplings springing up from the subterranean roots yards away from the hacked and splintered stem. Most persons imagine that the stupid fallacy of a balance of trade being in favor of a country when its exports are greater than its imports had been disposed of long ago. Not a bit of it. There is the blundering maxim staring as in the face from the columns of a contemporary, as fresh and as foolish as ever. ' That time so long looked for when the gold is to be kept in the colony has come at last,' we are told, ' and the march of improvement may be expected to be henceforth rapid. This is no dream. . . . By the end of the year the balance in favor of our exports over our imports is likely to be upwards of one million and a half.' The writer is not poking fun at his readers. He is dreadfully in earnest. He really and truly means that the way to get rich is to give 22s. 6d. in change for every sovereign we receive ; and the longer this process is continued and the greater the disproportion between the value of what we send abroad and the value of what we obtain in return for it, the more rapidly we shall become wealthy. We are going to keep all the gold in the colony, and we are all to attain to opulence by passing it from hand to hand ; like the two Yankees who spent the whole day in swopping jack-knives, and then retired with a fortune at supper-time. When the precious metal is so plentiful in Victoria that little boys will play at chuck-farthing with five-gninea tokens, we shall all be dis gustingly rich ; and when we have to build colossal structures in which to store several years' clips of wool — for, of course we must keep the wool in the country too — we shall have constituted ourselves the envy of surrounding nations and the wonder of the universe. — Australasian. A Chinaman in Melbourne, who was being identified on a charge of robbery, ' slewed' his lower jaw a couple of inches on one side and raised an eye brow to the top of his forehead, while he closed the eye on the other side, so that his face was so altered that _ he would scarcely have recognised it him self if shown it in the looking glass ; but the Chinese detective, Fook Shing, being well versed in all these little tricks seized the man's jaw bone in ons hand and his pigtail with the other and righted his physiognomy in a second. The promoters of the ' Grand Vic torian North-Western Canal Company' will scarcely quote in support of their projsct a paragraph in Colonel Sankey's report, in which the writer devotes a little quiet and amusing satire to their scheme. Colonel Sankey says : — ' By the prospectus this company proposes to irrigate and bring under profitable and complete settlement a belt of country containing 6,000,000 acres. In addition to catching up and passing on the contents of the Goulburn and other rivers, resevoirs are to he con structed at intervals along the route, provided with ' full and sufficient steam pumping power to command a supply of water in the driest season from subter ranean sources which everywhere underlie these vast plains.' The aggre grate length of the canal is to be 500 miles^ width at top 60ft., slopes 2 to 1, depth 10ft., and fall per mile 9in. The advantages claimed for the scheme are numerous. The public ate informed that ' while possessing the Victorian Railway in contact with the opening sections of our canal scheme, the markets of the world stand ready to receive our produce. To Melbourne, the capital of the colony, this scheme would in a very few years make a great revolution ; the amount of export trade would of necessity become something enormous and soon rival the Mississippi trade itself.' But perhaps I have quoted sufficiently. The promoters, in one point, do not seem to me to have al together realised the grand£proportions of the undertaking, namely, in the size of ther canal. While with rice irri gation only about 40 acres can be properly irrigated per cubit foot of dis charge per second, 200 acres of cereal and other crops may, with the exercise of great economy, be watered with the same quantity. In Lombardy the ex tent watered is much less ; but, under the Ganges Canal, the limit of 180 acres has been reached, and I observe the limit taken for the large Soane Canal, in Upper India, is 183 acres. Taking the largest figure, however (200 acres), it would need — in order to irri gate 6,000,000 acres— a delivery of 85,000 cubic feet, or 218,750 gallons per second, which would require a canal 790ft. wide, flowing 10ft. deep, with a fall of 9in. per mile ; or in other words, one having six times the discharging capacity of the Ganges Canal, which is by . far the largest in the world. In contemplating this scheme, one cannot, in fact, but feel that in Victoria is real ised the ideal Mexico of the poet, as a land — ' Ware mill-sites fill the country up ez thick ez yeu ken cram 'em, An desput rivers run about a beggin folk to dam 'em.' ' Cbushed to Death in a Cathedral Clock. — The bell-ringer in the cathe dral of Wurtzburg has perished under singular circumstances. The church pos sesses a splendid clock, with ponderous and complicated works, while a pendu lum of proportionate length vibrates to and fro with a dull aud monotonous thud. Recently the clock needed cleau ine, and the ringer was deputated to superintend the work, though he rue fully endeavored to be excused from his task. It seems that he never willingly approached the belfry from certain un pleasant associations. About twenty years ago he killed his predecessor in office, accusing him of cariying on a criminal intrigue with his wife. When brought to trial be escaped the gallows owing to a deficiency of legal proof. The patronage of one of tbe canons then procured him the appointment vacant through the death of his victim. Hence it is said arose his superstitious dread in connection with the belfry, which was supposed to be haunted by the ghost of the murdered ringer. On the morning when the clock was to be j cleaned, it suddenly stopped and the j bell-ringer was nowhere to be found. A workman from the town was sent for, and ascended the tower, when he was horrified to find the pendulum and lower works dripping with blood. Upon searching further the body of the bellringer was found entangled in tbe works, frightfully mangled and crushed. One supposition is that he committed suicide by climbing up the pendulum and then pitching himself into the machinery of the clock. But the won der-loving gossips of the place, with a thorough German propensity for the horrible, declare that the guilty man, upon reaching the gloomy chamber wherein the works revolved, was horror stricken by the apparition of his prede cesser sitting aside the great balance wheel of the clock, and had then been drawn into the works like a species of horrible fascination similar to that which a rattle-snake is said to exercise over his prey. There sat the spectre rubbing his gory hands with hideous glee as the victim was slowly drawn in among the cogwheels and ratchets of the machin ery. An agonising yell, a crushing of bones, and all was still ! Such, accord ing to the Italie, is the newest legend of the belfry of Wurtzburg. Quabtz Reefing — Deep-sinking. — Under the heading ' Good News,' the Bendigo Advertiser prints the following : — ' The very important question of the depth to which quartz may be expected to be found to be frofitably auriferous, re ceives some elucidation from the fact that in California one quartz reef at least has been worked to a depth of over 1000 feet and still continued to yield richly. The announcement of this enterprising re sult of mining enterprise will, no doubt stimulate Victorian quartz minerB to proceed with the explorations, and will undoubtedly add to the confidence felt in the extent and stability of our golden resources. The following extract is from a Manchester paper of third June, 1871 : — ' A correspondent of the Ameri can Scientific Press states that the Amador Quartz-mining Company are j working a shaft at their mine located at Sutter Creek, California, the depth of which is 1850 feet. At that depth they have a large body of rich ore. This is undoubtedly the deepest excavation in United States, or North America, and without doubt the deepest gold mine in the world.' ' The Queensland Collection at the recent Exhibition.— The residents of the sister colony may well feel proud of the success which has attended Mr. W alter Hill's efforts to show in a practi cal form the natural resources of Queens land. Sir William Macarthur, who is well known as one of those who have been foremost in increasing the products of New South Wales, was a member of the special committee appointed by the Agricultural Soeiety to report upon the magnificent collection brought here by the indefatigable Curator of the Brisbane Botanical Gardens, and, in a letter to that gentleman, says : — ' Your collection of products from the vegetable kingdom is the most valuable and varied that has ever been brought together in Australia. We are at a loss how to express our sense of its importance.' Such flattering testi mony as this will doubtless stimulate the Government of Queensland to^ second any efforts made to have that colony adequately represented at future exhibi tions. — S. M. Herald. A good deal of interest has been ex cited here by the supposed revelations of the man Hume in regard to his al leged discovery of remains of Leichhardt and our readers will proLably be inter ested in some rtmarks addressed by Mr. Daniel Bunce to the .Oeelong Advertiser on the subject. Mr. Bunce says :— ' As a fellow-traveller and companion of poor Leichhardt until his final de parture from Rosenthal, Darling Downs on his last expedition it may be readily imagined that I read Andrew Hume's statement in the 8. M. Herald with a considerable degree of interest, and am induced to make a few remarks. Shortly before starting on his last expe dition a cousin and eountrymen of the doctors' arrived in the colony as a sailor and went as second in command. His name was Classen and I believe his Christian name was Louis. In the event of anything occurring to Leich hardt which was not at all improbable, ?eeing that he was continually inva ided, the command would devolve on Classen and if there is anything in Hume's statement, of tho substitution of L C for the usual L, or occasional L L, which distinguished Leichhardt's encamp ments, in the event of burying any things, the place would be distinguished with marks similar to those shown by Hume, L C. With the party was a singularly intelligent fellow named Elentig, who in formed me that he was residing with bis brother, who was a doctor, previous to his joining the party. At the time the ex pedition started Captain Macarthar was stationed at Port Esiington with a de tachment of soldiers, but a short time subsequently the' station was abandoned. The doctor always expressed bis intention in the event of not being able to penetrate to Western Australia, to fall baok upon Port Essington.' One of the most frightful accidents of the recent storm occurred near Winchester Mr Daniell, of Kingsworthy-lodge, Mrs. Daniell, and a female friend were driving to Winchester, and within two milles of that place were overtaken by a storm of rain and lightning. While driving steadily along, an explosion resembling that of the loudest cannon burst over them. Mr Daniell who was inside the carriage, not knowing what had hap pened, but finding that the horses were running away and that the carriage was off the road, leant out as far as possible, and the horses knowing his voice slack ened their pace. He was thus enabled to jump out and secure them. He then looked round and saw that the coachman, who still kept his seat on the box, was dead. The footman, sitting by his side, was uninjured, nor was either of the ladies hurt, although the glass was broken into fragments of all sizes by the lightning. The electric fluid had struck the coachman on the head, destroying his hat, and rent his clothes into innumerable shreds. After passing through his body it tore a large hole in the cushion on which he was sitting, and disappeared without injur ing the carriage ; but one of the horses is very much torn and hurt. The de ceased was 84 years of age. Loss of a Ship and 450 Coolies. — We regret to learn by special telegram that the Souvenance, which sailed from Pondicherry some months ago with 450 coolies on board, for the Antilles, foun dered off the Cape of Good Hope, at the end of May, and that all on board were lost. The term of the Convention be tween the French and English Govern ments regarding coolie emigration hav ing expired before the departure of the Souvenance, an application was made by M. Bontemps, the Governor of Pondi cherry, for an extension, but the Madras Government are understood to have re fused their assent to the proposal. Whereupon M. Bontemps made a private reference to Lord Napier, and it is alleged obtained his Lordship's sanction to the evasion of the Convention. If these rumors are correct, the Secretary of State for India will have to call upon his Excellency for an explanation of the evasion which has virtually resulted in the loss of nearly 500 lives. — Madras Mail, July 10. Maravilla Cocoa. — For Breakfast.— The Globe says: — ' Various importers and manu facturers have attempted to attain a reputat tion for thtoir prepared Cocoas, but we doub whether any thorough success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers dis covered the extraordinary qualities of ' Mara villa' Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this finest of all species of the Theobroma they have produced an article which supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma and a rare concentration of the purest elet ments of nutrition, distinguish the Maravillv Cocoa above all others. For homoeopaths and invalids we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage.' Sold in packets only by all Grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor Brothers' Original Homce pathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate. Steam* Mills — Brick Lane, London 