ikis's PONSONBY'S COMPANION. ?' ' ' [FBOM ALIi THE TBAIl IIOTJND.] ' ; ??' CHAPTER I. THE NEW PATIENT. '.Delightful profession ! ' exclaimed Frank Tresiiam, the youngest medical man of Cramp ton- as his trap camo slowly up tho stiff hill leading to that pleasant Surrey country town. 1 *' Oh', ' charming profession,' he muttered to himself .bitterly, as ho heat his great-coated breast, with, his chilled loft hand, ','A cold cight-milo drive, half tho way up by-lancs kneo deep in'mud; in reply to an express messengoi from an old, farmer in a fit, and when I get there I find the/ old brute woll again, and gone to market. Net result of three houra' wear and tear.' : a -wotting, loss of 'temper, and nought pounds,' nought shillings, nought pence. Never . mind)' Frank, old boy! Dinner will bo ready when you get back, and you've dono your duty for \ to-day : do wake up, Beauty; now then, ?wake up, old girl I You seem as tired of tho profession . as I am, Come along old lady, wo muit 'inako a splash into Crampton ; it looks likd business. Always drivo fast, my ' boy,1 old Colby of St. Thomas's usod to say. ' Swish ! Got along, Beauty, and show them now to do .it.''. . : It is a remarkable, ovon an extraordinary fact, yet', nevertheless true, that the bost-natured people are sometimes out of temper. On certain dayfc, if a lion does not meot you full butt, a gnat is suro to appear : a buzzing, vexatious, and what is worse of all, an almost invisible gnat. If abig treo does not fall across your path on that black morning, a perverse rose-leaf will crumple under your pillow, and after that for an hour or two (perhaps a day) everything, animato or inanimate, seems possessed with a demoniacal desire, ay, and power, to chafo, thwart, and tor ment you. 'An east wind, raw, harsh, unwhole some, begins to drive ia your face. You are up late, a shirt-button springs maliciously off at tho very moment the gorg is thundering for break fast ; that letter with tho oxpectod remittance does not arrive, Jbut the bill of that only too prompt upholsterer does. The beef at dinnor is roasted to a rag. The servants are saucy or obstinate : you miss your express train, and arrive an hour too lato for your special engage ment in the City. Some cross star, in fact, rules your house of life, and as nothing will go right, and you aro evidently bewitched, you oventually ?will; if you are a sensible peroon, throw up your arms, capitulate on any terms, take something comfortable, go to bod and sleep away the spell. It was tho beginning of an Octobor evening, about half-past four o'clock, and tho yellow leaves wore sprinkling down alantways on Frank and his black rnaro, Beauty, as they rattled into Crampton. At 'the windows lights wero here and there beginning to appear. The lamplighter, swift Bosporus of Crampton, with tho ladder on his nimble Bhoulder, as Tresham passed the Jolly 'Waggoners, ran down a side-street, kindling tho lamps as ho ran on his cheery occupation. That lamplighter, like the schoolmaster of tho future, found darkness before him, but whore he sped ho sowed light, and blossoms of flamo opened whorever ho camo. . . But Frank Tresham was in no mood for pootj cal fancies. Tho oast wind had got into his blood : that burden that occasionally galls the 1 shoulders of most busy men, whether gentle or simple, was justthon weighing heavily at his back. All ho said to himself, as ho switched Beauty rather unnecessarily, was : ' What in fernal, detestable gas I it gets worse and worse ? every day. Ab for .the lamps, they'ro_ about as plontiful as plums in a school pudding. Old, humbugging dead-alive placo, I only wish I could get put of jt with my pockets, full, and catch mo troubling it much af terwards* I flatter myself I could part from ita chuckling tradesmen, its testy old majors, and sour,_ fklgoty old maids, without; brooking my hoart in more than two or three pieces. Bat what's the matter with me to day? I know I feel confoundedly cross, I should just like to fight somebody. _ Why tho deuce didn't I go to seal Anything is hotter than this dog of a life.' Just by the' post-office at tho corner, old Purgeon, one of the two rival doctors of Cramp ton^ drove complacently by, and nodded pityingly as he passed. Old Purgeon was prosperous, and thore had been lately a goo'l deal of low fevor about/ The people of Crampton, persistently re fusing to drain, potted this same low fevor, ?which had long sinco become chronic, and now they had grown rather proud of ii Old Purgeon fattened on tho low fever, which was hiB Dest friend; and, under his auspices, tho Crampton cometery filled gradually, but Burely. Tho local paper took good care not to talk much about this disagreeable [subject, it being obnoxious to tho ratepayers, who, although chiefly Tories, had in this instance conscientious objection togovern ment interference. Purgeon's nod was at once patroEising and compassionate. 'Stupid. chuck- ling, pompous old humbug, trading on his gold ' spectacles', said Tresham, half aloud. ' Why does he. dare to nod at me like that ? He himself was a parish doctor once.' ? Poor Tresham ! The smile of Venus herself that day would have seemed to him contemptuous. It is our temper that translates events into sweet or bitter. As he switched round into the main street, young Gumboge (the new doctor) rode by ?with the fury of an insane butcher-boy, whose roaster's best customer was dying rapidly of hunger in the next street. He waved his white gloved hand half defiantly at Tresham, as much as to say : ' Here we are, telegraphed for by His Royal HigbnesB the Duke of Mesopotamia, who ?wilt see no one but us, not even to save his life : so if it kills twenty horses, here we go again.!1 Gfnmbogo had lately arrived at Crampton from a retired practice in the Old Kont-road, to take up the business of. a clever but reckless uncle, who had drunk himself to death, after sinking to little better than a farrier and poor man's tooth 1 drawer. ' Won't do ; won't wash, on any ac count, my fine fellow,' thought Tresham. ' You've got no patient at Big Bookham, and you know that very well. lean see what you'll do. You,'ll gallop straight off to tho Blue Lion at Gypsom, and there spend the night at pool and ?unlimited loo with the jockeys and low sporting men. It is no matter : ye u won't bo wanted at homo, old boy, so don t, pray, hurry.' In this cynical, sarcastic, aggressive mood was Tresham, usually the merriest and frankest of hard- working, struggling young doctors, as he . -swept up.'to his own door at the end of High street, Gxampton, stuck his whip in its leather 6ocket, drew off his thick right-hand glove, un buttoned tho apron, tossed back a gay-colored Austrian railway, rug, and leaped out in a cramped, stubborn kind of way.^ He then patted Beauty's flank more roughly than he was usually in the habit of doing — for he was a clevor, good-hearted fellow, liked by all the people worth caring for in Crampton, though his practice was very much smaller than that ot old Purgeon's —arid gavo a sharp whistle. It was tho usual signal for hi3 gardener. No one camo. Then ho shouted ' Ueorgo I ' violently up the archway at the right-hand side of the house. ' That fellow's drunk again,' said Tresham, angrily. ' I'll stand it no longer. Off \- he goes to-night, though I have to groom Beauty myself.' . The youug doctor .was in no mood to stand non sense, The second time he shouted, however, out from the stable there dashedatall, gaunt, ill-made, red-haired fellow, very fiery in' tho face, and with ? a stubby broom, in. .his. hand.. A little dog,, floreaming aud maA with' exoit^niea^ tufii before. him after an enormous rat. In vain, however, George dabbled at tho creature with the broom ; in vain Dandy, the Scotch terrier, tried to pin the rat up against the gate-post. In an instant it doubled on man and dog, and precipitated itself into the entrance of a drain, the back way, in fact, to its foul fortress. 'Dash it, master,' said George (or Garge, as he always called bim Eelf), ' if there'll be any thing living hero soon for those 'ore rats- : this is tho second to-day I've found in our corn-bin. Why the whole time I lived at Squire Troughton's, at Big Bookham, I never set my eyeB on as many rats as I 'ave 'ere in this very last week as ever was.' Master was in no mood for talking. All he said was : ,' Set two more gins to-night ; don't put it off j but don't lay down any poison. The neighbors' fowls and cats get hold of it, and that's not right. Now, mind what I say. Here, quick, take tho trap round, and take care you polish the harness to-morrow' better ; it don't look well at all ; and mind take up this chock-strap a hole.' Mr. Trosham strodo in at tho back door, and through the little surgery, that Bmelt perennially of pills, and entered the kitchon, redolent just thqn of tho agreeable odor of a roast pheasant, on whoso plump breast delicious brown beads of froth rose and disappeared. 'To tho momont, Lyddy, eh ? ' said tho young bachelor, pulling out his watch, and comparing it with tho kitchon clock, a brown-faced, solemn recorder of time ; 'but you look rather put out— what's the matter ! Nothing gone 'wrong— where's little Lizzy 1 ' Lyddy, a faithful old servantj but somewhat of a tyrant from want of a feminine commander in-chief, looked up in tho most disconsolate way from some creamy bread sauce she was making. ' It'B really too bad,' she said, ' just as dinnor is ready ; but there, I would not go. I would not bo put upon by every stuck-up body, and ordered and marshalled about. I call it shame ful ! ' 'But who is it, what is it, Lyddy— pationt — now patient]' 'Yes., sir ; it is that old Miss Ponsonby, who lives up by tho turning on the Brighton road, wants toEee you direcoly. She is in such a temper, the servant says, because that young doctor, Gumboil, or whatever his namo is, has not been there to-day, and haB just Bent wrong medicine.' ' And who camo ? That demure, cat-like, canting maid of hors, who had a tooth drawn out once, and said- a shilling was too much, sho was so poor, and I let her off ?' ' Yes, Master Frank, that's tho woman. I dou't liko her. I told hor we expected you in every moment. She might have soen dinner was just ready ; but, there, do go in tho parlor, and sit down, and I'll serve up dinnor the moment you'vo washed your hands. Let them wait— that's what I say. Why did sho not come to you long ago, and not go to that hare-brained scape graco opposito, who does nothing but play bil liards all day. Now do—now uoee.' Lyddy was delightfully wheedling, but tho sense of duty overcame oven hunger and tho temptation of tho roast pheasant. With the air of the returning Rogulus, a groan, and a 'shrug of the shoulders, Treaham drew on his gloves again, and violently buttoned his coat. 'Jolly, very jolly life!' he said, with a sardonic laugh. 'I shan't be more than an hour, Lyddy,' and thon he repeated bitterly, half to himself, tho linos : ' Not often in our rough old ialand story Tho pith to duty was the path to glory. I never folt the curse upon our tribe. till now. But it won't do, Lyddy, in these hard times to neglect a new patient. How shall I ever marry, you know, if I don't widen my practice ? Come, draw me a glass of alo, and I'll be off.' *Ah, don't' you throw yourself away: on any of the stuck-up misses here ' (Lyddy was never parti cularly pbarmed by tho thought of a Mrs. Frank Tresham). '. There's plenty of time for that, I always say.' Presently, somewhat grudgingly, and with a regretful eye at tho pheasant, that, shed fat tears at his departure, with vigorous Btop the young doctor tramped off up the streot. CHAPTER II. MISS FONSOHBY's COMPANION. Frank Tresbam could scarcoly, under tho cir cumstances, be said to onjoy his walk. Though generally a shrewd observer of tho small incidents that variogato daily life, ho was heedless now of anything out tho ono object for which he had sal Hod forth. The usual shops in the country town he passed with brusque indifference. The young footman grayoly examining pipes at tho last new 'tobacconists, the row of pink and white sheep at the butcher's, the children ogling the glass bottles of sweets at the genoral shop, ita proprietor, tho old woman in the onormous frilled cap, like tho tormented farmer's wife in a pantomime, counting bull's eyes by tho aid of a rushlight, had no interest for him just at that particular momont. Nor did ho even stop a momont to look in at tho great blaze of glorious orange light round the blacksmith's forgo, but strode moodily on, Dandy, half conscious of somothing wrong, slinking at his heels. What were the young doctor's thoughts ? Well, they turned naturally enough on his new patient. All ho knew of her as yet was that she' wan a rich, misorly, ailing old maid, who seldom went out, except to an occasional tea- party or school room lecture. That servant of hers, smooth, hypocritical, and false, was his abomination. Then she had a companion, whom he bad never to his knowlodge seen, probably one of the usual fawning, obsequious parasites that hang about such old ladies in hopes of a legacy. There was a niece, too, whom ho had once seen walking by her bath-chair, a pretty, intelligent, lady-like girl. The nieces of old cats generally are pretty, He reflected. She had golden hair, too, at least what poets call golden hair, for they are easily pleased. Pity girls like that, he thought, could not coin their golden hair into a dowry. Bitter again was Frank Tresham : in that mood Cytherea herself could not have allured him, unless in her lily-white right hand she had held up a chinking bag ? fie on him and all this temper because an old farmer had not been as ill as he thought ho waB, and because a new patient had called him away from a well-earned dinner. All very unworthy you see of a well-balanced mind ; but then even well-balanced minds have been known to sometimes momentarily break down, under certain conditions. Miss Ponsonby's house lay back a little way from tho street ; and two or three cracked stone steps, guarded by two fine crisp-leaved bay-trees, led to a small paved terrace, which ran beneath tho parlor windows. Those windows, set deep in eld -fashioned frames, which wore painted a' gloomy black, adding to the naturally gloomy and prison effect of tho whole habitation, and assisted in reducing the visitor's mind to a fitting mood for an audience with tho somewhat exacting and fidgety owner, Over the door, which boasted a triangular pediment, with a little notched cornice of a style popular some fifty years ago, grew a magnificent 'Virginia creeper, already in tho f ulloat blood-red crimson of its final autumnal splendor. Even by tho dim light of a sickly, chilly young moon, that southern exilo glowed with tho hectic colors that foretold its speedy death. No one answered tho bell that Mr. Tresham rang sharply, and as he stood somewhat im patiently on the door-step, two tall elms, spinster sisters, that overhung ono side of the house, cast down dn him three or four monitory dead leaves, as much as to say, ' We are both very cold and miserable up hero; come now, you man down there, be miserable too, for your merry spring time will soon be gone as ours has long since gone.' Not liking to ring again, the more especially as he saw only one light at tho upper ?windows, .and., that a dim. melancholy inunovame one, behind, a blind, oa wlu^uofeasfcipg shadows. were cast, Tresharo stepped back from the door, and looked in at the parlor indowto see if any servant was visible. There was no candle in tho room, but it was crimsoned by- the flickering fire-light which gleamed on the picture- frames and coiling, and on a bust which stood on a side bookcase. By the fire, not exactly facing tho window, Hor yet quite in profile, in an old carved high-back chair, sat a gracetul girl of about twenty, dressed in black, who, with a face full of saddened thoughts, held an open letter in her hand. She looked so very graceful and lovable, and, set in 'the black window- frame, formed altogether ho pretty a picture of girlish thought fulness, that Mr. Tresham stood there some minutes without ringing again. It was the pretty niece he had admired before, and of whose impecuniosity ho had thought so sarcastically. At that momont tho door opened, and the cat like face of Mercy,- Miss Ponsonby'a maid, ap peared. Mr. Tresham asked how Miss Ponsonby was. He could hear some ono coughing up atairs as he spoke. ' Will you please walk into the parlor, sir,' said the odtoua Mercy. ' There is only Miss Dampior there' (there was a con temptuous emphasis on the word only that annoyed Tresharo, though he scarcely knew why), ' ana I'll go up and tell missus. She would get up this afternoon, do all we could. These trials are sent for our good, sir. YeB, sir ; I know that ; but still they aro trialB. Walk in hero, sir, pleaso ; it ironly Miss Dampier.' A delicious odor of Russian violots met him as the parlor door opened, and tho young doctor entered, hat in hand, apologising for the in trusion to a young lady, who rose and bowed when Bho heard his name. ' I would ring for candles,' she said, rising, ' but I am afraid our little Susan has gone into tho town for some arrowroot, and I must not detain Mercy.' ' If you do not. dislike this twilight,' said Tresham, in his frank, pleasant way— hia temper was all sunshine again now— ' I delight in it.' ' I am afraid, Mr. Tresham,' she said, after a few wordB had passed, ' that you will find my dear aunt very ill. She has got very weak lately, and her cough and loss of appetito distress us very much. Aunt, you will find, is very strong-willed, and will not nurse as much aB sho ought ; and as for keeping her in bed, even that servant, who has been with her thirteen years, owns it is im possible. Dear aunt ! it makes me very sad.' Have you been stopping long with Miss Pon sonby, may I ask ? ' About four or five months. Oh, she is so kind when sho is well and in good spirits.' ' I only remember to have aecn you once in Crampton.' ' No ; I hardly ever go out. Aunt does not like being left alone.' 'Your name is not the same as your aunt's. I supposo sho is your aunt only by marriage V '?'? Yes ; sho is my father's eldest brother's wife's .youngest sister. Oh, that is a very stupid way of explaining it to you. No ; she is not really my aunt, but my cousin- but I call her aunt because I lovo her so much, and sho is so kind in having no to be with hor.' Tresham laughed pleasantly at this genea logical explanation, and tho two were soob plunged into pleasant conversation, which was broken by a scratching at the front door. ' That's not a ghost, but my dog Dandy,' he said, 'and there he must remain. ' Oh no, do let him in, Mr. Treflham,' said Miss Dampier. ' I am bo fond of dogs. Aunt won't havo any pets. Oh, I'll take care ho does not como up-stairs, or bark, or disturb auut one little bit.' Tresham soon relented ; on his parole of honor Dandy was admitted, and soon became the sworn vassal of his fair guardian. ' I can't think what Mercy iB doing,' said Miss Dampier, ' but dear aunt has such funny ways, and she no doubt is having all tho papers she was looking over last night carefully put away, before she admits you into her sanctum. Even I may not go thore, you must know, Mr. Tiesham, when she iB absent. Sho is quite a despot in little matters, but these peculiarities do not disturb me at all.' Tresham was just then thinking what a sweet voice Miss Dampier had, and wondering what color hor eyes wero, when Mercy appeared with a light. ' My missus will see you now, sir,' Mercy said, leading the way. 'Ah, sir, these trials is good for ub ; missus is always impatient when she gets counting over the perishable riches.' There was something repulsive about the ostentatious self mortification of Mercy, and Treaham pushed it roughly asido. He turned on the first landing. and spoke sharply. ' Did Mr. Gumboge prescribe any form of cough mixture 1 ' ' Yes sir, somo dark stuff, sweet, and with laudanum, I think, in it ; it gave missus sloop ; but last night he sent something for tho measles by mistake ; then when we returned it today ho sont a blister that was meant for tho man at the turnpike, and he hasn't been since. I fear he's a very worldly, wild young man.' ' I don't know about his worldliness, whatever that moans, in your phraseology,' said Mr. Tfe&ham;, smiling, ' but I must confess the mistake -was rather too bad, and I can't rogret ? ' But that sentence of reprobation was never finished, for at that inBtant Miss Ponsenby's bedroom door flew open, and an old lady tottered forth in a white dressing-gown, haggard, pale, and excited. She wrung her handB wildly : 'Mercy,' she cried, or rather screamed, 'some one has been at my desk while I've been asleep. Where's that Susan's mother, it must be her. Where'B Suaan— call Lilly, call Miss Dampier. There have been thieves in the house. Who's that ? la that Mr. Tresham ? He must wait. Excuse my agitation. You must wait, air— the doctor ? I've been robbed. Thieves ! Thieves I I've been robbed of a ten-pound note.' (To be continued.) 