A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN IN SAN ' FRANCISCO. (From the S.A. liegister Jan* 6th.) ;"Wa have been favoured with, the following interesting notes upon San Francisco, written by a gentleman who for many yeai B was resident in South Australia," and who has recently paid a visit to California. He Bays: "1 have been very much disappointed with San Francisco. It is certainly & larger town than Melbourne, and does more busi ness, as it has a large trade with Japan, China, the Sandwichlslands, Mexico, Fern, and Ohili, but in itd buildings, public and. private, its streets and squares, it CiUXiot be compared even to Adelaide. There is not a ?tone-built house in the city, and I think I may say not a bit of carved stone. This is no place for masons to come to; ninety nine out of every hundred of the bouses are constructed of wood, painted ao as to imitate Btone, with plenty of artificial pillars and! carving. Those built of brick are orna mented in front with any amount of mould ings and decorations in plaster. The ceil ings and walls of every house I have been in are cracked in all directions from the lack of lime in the plaster. In fact, the term Jerry-built may well apply here. The rents, nevertheless, are something exorbitant. ?They have forced up the prices of land and houses in and around the town, for ten miles, to a fabulous extent. A lot 50 feet to Post street, by a depth of 110 feet, with nothing on it but a'miserable wooden tenement of bare boards sold last week for §50,000 in gold. Post-street i3 not yet one of the lending streets, but may becoire a good place for business. T.u Portland," a town 300 urines away, with a population of 7,000, a lot of 50 by 120 feet was sold for $23,000: All the land for ft few miles round the city consists of bare black hills that grow no trees and scarcely a blade of grass, only producing dust. Yet tbey are asking for (his SI,000 an acre and upwards. In fact, nearly all the land for ten miles around is cut up into townships and lots of an eighth and a quarter of an acre, with multitudes of streets only to be seen on paper, as there is not a shanty or a pigsty on any of the embryo towns. For all that they are asking $100 and §500 a lot. Agricultural land, further away, fetches from 525 to 8100 an acre. All the land except in very remote districts has been bonght up by capitalists, who are holding it for heavy prices. It is the general opinion that there will be a ?harp fall in the value of property soon. The streets are paved principally with wedges "of wood, shaped like brioks; a few with round waterworn stones the size of ostrich eggs. The side paths are formed of deal boards two inches thick. The streets are dilapidated with ruts and rents, and the footpaths fissured with big holes-rather dangerous to weak ancles. Moreover the footpathB are often filled with goods of all sorts piled up, and stationary, for days and weeks, with bales, casks and boxes. Auctions are held in the streets, and furniture of all sorts, oven horses and traps, are lined along and on the footpaths while the auction is going on. If a shop requires alterations the joiner fixes his bench"on the footpath in a crowded thoroughfare sometimes, and works away in the presence of the passing crowd There seems to be no law or order. The sweepings of shops are thrown on the streets, and John Chinaman goes round with bis balanced baskets picking up the r igs and paper. There are no parks or Botanic Gardens; no place where a person can take a walk except the wooden streets. There ore certainly two gardens, aa their *9 wtt Vwa^ oft tb* wtoUta s of the town, where the charge is 26 centB ! or Is each'person"for the pleasure of walk, ing' in sand and dnst, and looking; at the ghosts of a few flowers which died the week after the runs ceased last May. Yon might as well take a walk in Wellington square North Adelaide. In fact this is the most disagreeable, dirty, lngnbrioos city I have ever been in; bat then it has a climate which in spite of its fogs is a great improve ment on the climate of Australia, and besides it is a great centre of trade. There are a number of manufactories here, such us foundries, sawmills, Inciter match making, chocolate, maccaroni, and flannel making places. I saw a beautiful sample of flannel soU nt 25 cents ayard. This is the cheapest article in the shape of clothing, A boot and shoe manufactory ten miles out of town, which gave employment to eighty Chinese, was burned down about three weeks ago. The Chinese are very nnmerons here, and take the work away from the white labourer. They hare several little factories of their own, and make cigars, slippers, &c.; In fact business seems to be carried . on with more energy than in Aus tralia. J made particular enquiries, and there ara only 2,000.000 mulberry trees in California, and not 11,000,000, as was stated in an article that went the rounds of the Australian papers. One small silk- spinning and weaving mill has just been put np, and a small cotton mill makes coarse muslins Thereis a rope walk or two. The grapes are dried, bnt the raisins are small and poor. Almonds are tasteless, and only half the size of Adelaide almonds, yet they sell for 25 cents a pound. Butter is much worse, and also cheese, veal, and mutton; but the beef is about equal to Australian. Heat is 13 cents a pound all round. Groceries are dearer, but tea and coffee are better. "What ever they can make they use, and will not. import, though the foreign article shoula be much superior. r They are more patriotic than the Australians, and think that nothing is so'good as their own, while Australians consider that nothing colonial is good. I am .convinced South Australia could vie with any part of the world in the productfon of dried fruits, raisins, plums, prunes, currants, and j kinds of jams and preserves. The fisd^ro scarcely ripen, and are the size of warauts. I have been here ten weeks, and there has not been a dftp of rain. Last summer has been unusually hot throughout the States. The drought has prevailed in many parts, and numbers have died of. sun stroke. The tea plant here has proved a failure, and also the ramie or Chinese grass cloth. Little or no tobacco or hemp is giown, and only a little fl »x, solely for the seed. .Acres of blackberries are planted, and the produce sold at 12i cents a pound. They are preferred to raspberries. Castor oil trees are cultivated for the oil, and the fruit of the black mulberry is only half the size it attains in Adelaide. The fi?, nectarine, and apricot are small, not to be compared with those of Australia; bat the apples are larger, and peaches equally as large. Strawberries are grown and plucked as fruit every day from May till November. The farmers who grow wheat do nothing else as in Australia, in faet, do not even raise a vegetable. There are dairy farms, or ranches as they are called here; also hop, sheep, cattle, and horse ranches; everything separate-quite a division of labour. Grapes and oranges seem to equ il the Australian. Neither here nor in Melbourne or Sydney are there olive trees and oleanders compar abie.to those grown in Adelaide. The weeds are the same as spring up about Adelaide and . Melbourne-the hog- weed, the sow thistle, rattail or barley grass, and the weed with the round yellow disc, with no rays for a flower, found in all the side3 of water tables and watercourses; also the camomile so plentiful about Melbourne. The native blackberry is very like the Australian, and bears as little* fruit. Small bushes of live oak are found in the neighbourhood in some parts. The large forest trees are 20 or 30 miles from the town. I saw Bome majestic specimens on my way to San Jose, the old Mexican capital, fifty miles south of San Francisco. The vegetables, like the Aus tralian, are large but tasteless; you can scarcely tell a carrot from a turnip. The potatoes are the worst I have tasted any where. Pumpkins are small, and like the Australian nasty flavoured. Melons of all kinds are very common, and are served every morning at this season at breakfast. [ have seen snails and frogs in the restau rants or eating houses here, and hundreds of small birds, the size of sparrows, plncked and ready for the fire in the markets. I have just read in a oommercial paper here that ail the bags for wheat, &c;, are made by women in Dundee and imported, although the duty is high. They cannot make them as cheaply here if Bewn by the sewing-machine. - -- - . Nearly all the churches are built of wood-tower, Bteeple, and all. A Jews' Synagogue and two or- three other places are constructed of brick. An immense number of small windmills are employed to pump up water to irrigate the land. Hun dreds are seen in every direction, not like the isolated few seen in Australia. This is the town of .tobacco juice, broken cigars, and scraps of paper. The ladies do not wear long dresses ; if they did they would soon .be dyed with tobacco juice swej>t from . the pavement. , As for the cigars, there .are enough scraps lying about to supply a Chinese manufactory. I rather suspect there are few cigars which have not been partially smoked before, some perhaps halr a dozen times. It is well that people do not know what they smoke and chew; The export of wines to the Eastern States is this year double what it was last year, and the trade is increasing with rapid strides! No duty is paid in New York oc Boston, and it goes round Cape Horn. Adelaide cannot send wine to Melbourne without a charge of 2s a gallon for. duty. The sooner there is a federation of the colonies and free-trade between them the better. There are farms here of 20,000 to 50,030 acres, all in wheat worked by machinery. This is how wheat-growing pays here. There is no duty on it* importation into NewYork or Liver pool, and yet South Australian wheat has to pay ia Melbourne a duty of Is a bushel. Kabbits are very small, much smaller than the English, and about half the size of the wild rabbit of Australia. Poultry do not thrirethey are poor and lean, and will not lay eggs, owing to the cold fogs through-. out the summer acting as a preventive to insect life. I have seen no bees on the flowers in the bits of plots called gardens, and only one or two butterflies, small' and reddish-brown. On one occasion I saw two humming-birds hovering over the flowers of a fuchsia. If the counter is silent in Aus tralia here there seems to prevail the still ness of death in the fields-no locusts or, even grasshoppers to give a. chirp. "This; town is supplied with eggs by rail froin! Chicago, a distance of 2,000 miles. 