A SESSATION 'NOYVEL CONDENSED. I3Y Bacr . nAU }. The Lady Selina Sedilia at gazing on the gilded mausoleum which contained the remains of the. Iady Felicie Sedilia, whose spirit haunted that portion of the manor of Sloperton Grange known as 'Stiffona Acre.' An aristocratic young man falls on hit knees before her, 'And, oh! Edgardo, can you still love me? Would you still marry me in spite of that dark mystery which surroundse mel In spite tf the history of my race 7 In spite of the ominous prediction of my aged nurse T 'I would, .~Tina,' and the young man pasted hit arm round her yielding waist. The two lovers gazed on each other with bliss auspeakable. Suddenly tI Lady Selina atarted. 'Leave me, leave me, Edgardo, leave me!' A mysterIous romething-a fatal misgiving -a dark ambiguity-an eonivocal mis truet appresses me. I would be alone. The young man rowe and cast a loving glance at the lady: "Then we will be married on the seventeenth ' "The aeveateenth," repeated Selina, with a myaterionu shudder. . They embraced and parted, As the clutter of hoofu in the courtyard died away, the Lady .Selina sank into the chair she bad just quitted "The seventeenth," she repeated slowly, with the aame fatal shudder. 'Ab, what if he should know. that I have another husband living I! Dare I reveal to him that I have two legitimate and three natural children i Dare I repeat to him the history of my youth Dare I confess that at the age of seven I poisoned my sister, by putting verdigris into her cream-tarts-that I threw, my cousin from a swing at the age of twelve ? That the lady's-mraid who incurred the displeasure of my girlhood riow lies at the bottom of the horsepoud. No, no he's too pure, too good, too innocent, to hear such improper conversation l'_ and her whole body writhed as she rocked to and fro in a paroxyilrn of grieL ut she wa soon calm. hifing to her feet, she opened a secret panel in the wall, and 're vealed a slow match ready for lighting. 'This match, said the Lady Selina, ' is connected with a mine beneath the western tower, where my three children are confined ; another branich of it lies under the parish church, where the record of my first marriage is kept. I have only to light this match and the whole of my past life is swept away' ' She approached the match with a lighted candle. But a hand was laid upon ,her arm. She is threatened by the spectre of air-Guy that if she murders her children they will haunt her.A. 'I fear tliem noteaid S~liias' drawing her superb person to its full height. 'But; what place are .thiy to haunt t asks the ghost plaintively." The ruin is sacred to your uncle's spirit. Your aunt monopoliees the park, and; must be allowed 'to state, not -unfrequedtly trespasses upon the grounds if others. The horsepond Is freqiuented bytlie' spirit of your maid, and your murdered sister walksethese'corridors. :To. he plain, there is ino room at Sloperton Grange for another ghost. I canrinot have them in my room-for you know I idon't' like childrenr. lThink of this, girl, -and for bear I Would you, Selina,' said the phantom mournfully, 'would you .force 'our grand-father's spirit to take lodg ings elsewhere V Lady Selina's hand trembled; the lighted candle fell froii her: rorvefess fingers. ,'No,' she crird passioiately, 'never ', and fell,fainting to the floor, . . Edgardo 'iolilo-. quises and departs. ' If she knew all ; if she know that I were a' disgraced aend ruined matn, a felon and an outcast i If a?he know that, at the oge of fourteen, I murdored my l.atil tutor, and forged my uncle's will-if she knew thatl lad three wives already, and that the fourth victim of misplaced confidence and my unfoirtu nate peculiarity' Is expected to be at Slipertion by to-night's train with lheor baby. But inoI elsh must not know it' `t . h . ietrcupoun he consults the mur derusA Bourke tie Slogger, who agrees to smash the expected express, Th lorumlan is, however, killed himself and removes a load of care from' Lady Ielina's breast, Ile was her first husband I Thb' bride groori then 'rakes 'other arrarngements for the death of his fourth wife., The happy pair ame about to be united, when Lady Scelna's youngest girls wandering In play touches the fatal spring, and. the whole dram. pers. are literally ' blown up.' At exactly two o'olockon the 17th,Ruport Soddlo, who had just returned from India, was thoughtfully descending the hill to wards Sloperton Manor.::'If. I can prove that my aunt Lady Selina was- married before my father died, I can estableh my claim to Sloperton dralge,' lie uttered, half aloud. HIe.,paused, for a' sudden trembling of the earth beneath his feet and a terrifile explosion, ae of a park ok artillery, arrested his progress. At the sarne amoment he behold a donse cloud of smoke envelope the church yard of Sloper. ton, and the western tower of the Grange scorned to be lifted bodily-from its foun. ldtion. The air seemed filled with:-fall frg' fragmonts' ,and :'two dark:objects struck the earth close to his feet., Rupert licked them up. One noomeodto be a heavy volume bound in, brass.' A cry bsret from Iis lpe--'Thol'ailenh Ricords, Ilo.op rod the volume hastily. It con_: talnd dtliC marrilage of Lady Sollna to( 'uirko tho Slogger.' The second object provod to be oa lico of puahment. Hle I too it -: open 'V/with tromblln I fingers, It was the rlhini- will of 'Stre James Beodllal.e: . -\ -' 