TO CORRESPONDENTS. :.:-T.N. — Yonr lines show considerable ability, bnt -the subject = you have- chosen ia.qne.with which, the. Muses oughtto-deal as sparingly aa possible. Besides, it liar been soOblyrtreated- by Tom Hood, although in .a"different maimer, that to publish your effusion would only be to evose invidious comparisons. H. F., Indigo. — .We received your commu nication, but at so late an hour as to prevent us from publishing it in this day's issue. . It will appear without fail in our next. The Local Police Force. — For the pre sent, at least, the authorities have determined on retaining the services of " Mr Inspector Smith in the Beechworth district, that gentle man's transfer to Swan Hill having been cancelled. Second thoughts are generally regarded as partaking of a higher degree of wisdom than first impressions, and the action taken by the head of the department in re considering the decision come to relative to the removal of the second officer from the Beeohworth district, certainly goes far to prove the truth of the rule. The fact is that in a widely-scattered -district like this, embracing about 'one-fifth of the colony, and including a large area of the most difficult country to be found in Victoria, no one officer is able to do the inspection, and attend to other matters as well. The visiting of stations is, of itself, almost if not quite sufficient work for any one officer, and when it it is considered that in addition to this the conrts and other official duties must be regularly attended to, the necessity for having two officers is at once made clear. Since the removal of a superin tendent from Benalla, that district as well as Beechworth has been placed under the super vision of Mr Superintendent Barclay, and it would be nnjnst to expect that gentlemen to be able to attend to outside duties, and also attend to office business at head- quarters Under the circumstances, the authorities have done wisely in deciding on retaining Mr In spector Smith in his present position, and we trust that no false views of economy will cause them to alter their determination of having two officers in the Beechworth district. The Bishop of Melbourne. — Dr Perry, the Prrtestaut Bishop of Melbourne, who is now on a visit to this district, is announced to preach at Oxley, at 2 p.m., to-day; at El Dorado, on Wednesday, at 7 p.m., and at Tarrawingee, on Thursday, at 2 o'clock. On Sunday week ho is to be ia Beechworth, and the rite of confirmation will be celebrated. Dramatic and Literabi Entertainment. — On Friday evening an entertainment of a novel and interesting characier was given at the Royal Argyle Rooms, Wangaratta, by the pupils attending the locsl Collegiate School and Beechworth Grammar School, assisted by several amateurs. Mi D. H. Evans having been called on to priside, the performances commenced with a scene from Coriolanus, in which Mr Atkinson tooi the part of Coriolanus, and Mr Isaacs that of Aufidius ; the speeches were well given, anc called forth hearty applause from the audience. A comic piece, entitled " The Frenchnan and the Flies," was next given by Mr Atkinson, and was received with uproarious laughter. After a Shaksperian recitation by Mr Isaacs, the " Attractive Young Lady," by Messrs Atkinson, Isaacs, Lemme, and Bigelow, followed, and elicited considerable applausi. Daring the first portion of the entertiinment Mrs Atkinson and Miss Harris playel a piano solo and duett with great taste and felling ; Miss Waite, who was in capital voice, sang " The Merry Sun shine " and " Beloved Star " in such style as to quite surprise and enrapture the audience. In the second portion of the entertainment, Moliere's "Le Bourgeois Gentilkomme" was given by the pupils of the Collegiate School ; the piece was well put on the stage, and rendered very creditably. A screaming farce, entitled the "Ghost in the Pawnshop," by Messrs Tucker, Leigh, and Crone, concluded an entertainment which seemed to be gene rally appreciated. Abont two hundred people were present, and the funds of the cricket clubs of both sohools benefitted by the proceeds. ; Wellington Gold and Tin Mining Com pany Registered, El Dorado. — The quarterly general meeting of shareholders was held at the company's office, 22 William-street, Mel bourne, on Wednesday, 29th March ; Mr Witt in tho chair. The directors report stated that the works were progressing favorably and the shafts may be expected to bottom in about nine weeks from present date. Monthly calls of 2s 6d per share had been made, which have been punctually paid. The receipts for past quarter were : Capital, £1140 7s 6d ; stream tin, £145 14s ; sundries, £2 16s ; balance to credit at commencement of quarter, £906 13s ; total, £2195 10s 6d ; expenditure, £1965 3s 4d ; balance to credit £230 7s 2d. The general balance sheet showed: Receipts, £78,683 6s 2d ; expenditure, £73,457 19s. The auditors, Messrs Willdridge and Stodart, reported as to the correctness of the books, statements and balance sheets. A supplementary account to 28th March was submitted as follows : Balance forward, £230 7s 2d; capital, £470 12s 6d; total, £700 19s 8d; expenditure, £683 17s 5d ; balance to credit, £17 2s 3d ; assets, exclusive of the value of mine and plant, etc., capital £6187 10s ; calls, £110 10s ; cash to credit, £17 2s 3d; total, £6315 2s 3d; liabilities, including wages to date, £2565 16s 7 id. The report of the mining manager, dated 24th March, stated sinking was com menced on 23rd January; there was great difficulty in sinking, the first 45 feet being mostly through a fine drift with a heavy flow of water, rendering it necessary to run the pumps 17 strokes per minute for the first three weeks, since which time the water has gradu ally abated, a good bed of clay being found at 45 feet level bearers were put into pumping sbaft and the water collected and convoyed down boxes, enabling better progress to be made with sinking. The depth of shafts at date of report were winding shaft, 114 feet ; pumping shaft, 106 feet. The reports and balance sheets were received and adopted ; the retiring directors, Messrs Witt, Welshman and Smith, were re-elected; Messrs Will dridge and Stodart were appointed auditors. A vote of thanks was given to the legal manager for his attention to the interests of the company, and a vote of thanks to the chairman. The meeting dissolved in firm expectation of the shafts being bottomed on the rich deposits of gold and tin proved to exist in close proximity to the shafts, and which it is expected they will reach in about nine weeks from date. Inquest at the Beechworth Gaol. — An inquest was held before Mr J. H. Alley, coro ner. on Saturday last at the Beechworth Gaol, on the body of a coloured man named Thomas Ferns, who had died on the previous day. The following jury was sworn : — Messrs. J. Ingram, (foreman,) E. Warden, A. W. Foster, W. R. Manns, W. Snoad, W. Duncan, T. Morton, J. Dale, J. Lascelles, W. Walton, R. Collins, and A. (Greenfield. The jury having viewed the body, Mr Thompson, governor of the gaol, de posed to the deceased having been received on February 9tli, under a warrant (produced). He was suffering at the time from skin disease, and was immediately placed under medical treatment. Ho made no complaint until Thursday last,, when the governor was sent for, and found him apparently suffering great pain. The medical officer was at once called, and attended promptly, "but deceased died about 11-20 a.m. on Friday. Dr Dempster had attended the deceased on the Thursday night, and found him suffering from a violent pain in the abdomen, apparently colic. Pre scribed medicines and fomentations, and the next morning found him still suffering, ordered an enema, and changed the medicine. Half an hour afterwards found him dead. He had been sufferine from a sort of lenrons ernntinn on the skin, and had been under treatment from the time of his admission to the gaol. He had received every attention and his (Dr Demp ster's) orders had been carried out properly. Dr Mousse deposed to having made a post mortem examination. There were no marks of violence. The body was much diseased and the immediate cause of death was hcemor- rhage of the bowels, and strangulation of part of the small intestines. _The jury returned a verdict in accordance with Dr Moussfi's evi dence. Beechworth Post Office Savings' Bank. — A return of tho Beechworth Post Office Savings' Bank from Saturday, 25th March to Saturday, 1st .April, 1871, showing the number of books issued, number of payments made, amount of cash received, and number and amount of withdrawals : No. of payments1 ' : . 9 Amount of do. . . . \ £38 5 0 No", "of books issued . . . 1 'No. of withdrawals .. 4 Amount of do. . . f . £32 7 o Beechworth Brewery Company. — The sale of the premises, plant, machinery, rolling and brewing stoct of this company is fixed for Thursday next, when Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. will submit them to public competition — wjthout reserve. A pomplete inventory of the Property to be sold may be consulted either at 'Mr John Turner's office, or at that of. the auctioneer. Sale of Colonial Wine at Wangaratta. — Mr A. Tone announces the sale by auction at Michell's Royal Victoria Hotel, Wangaratta, on Thursday next at noon of eight hogsheads of red and white Colonial wine, most of it three years' old. Meeting at the Three Mile.— A meet ing is announced for Thursday evening, at Mr Anthony Daly's, Lower Three Mile, the object of which is to consider whether it is desirable or not to take steps for having a road pro claimed from Mr R. Short's farm, at the Lower Three Mile, to Mrs Last's, at the Upper Three Mile; The attendance of miners, and other persons interested in the matter, is invited. . In the Estate of M. Foxcroft. — We see that Messrs Ella and Co., accountants, Mel bourne, advertise for tenders for the purchase of Mr Foxcroft's stock, inventories of which will shortly be ready. Pharmacy Bill. — In order to place addi tional restrictions on the sale of poisons in Victoria, and to regulate other matters con nected with the vending of drugs, the Phar maceutical Society have framed a bill which has been submitted to the trade for approval, and which is shortly to be taken into consi deration at a meeting of chemists and druggists, to be held in the metropolis. The object of the bill, as explained in the preamble, is to regulate the qualification of chemists and druggists, as it is considered " expedient for the safety of the public that persons keep ing open shop for the retailing, dispensing, or compounding the prescriptions of duly quali fied medical practitioners, and 'commonly known as chemists and druggists should possess a competent practical knowledge of their business, and to that end, that from and after the date herein named (the date on which the bill may come into force) all persons not already engaged in such business, before com mencing such business, be duly examined as to their practical knowledge, and that a register should be kept of such persons." Clause 1 of the bill proposes that any person keeping open shop for the compounding of poisons or prescriptions of any duly qualified medical practitioner unless he be a pharma ceutical chemist within the meaning of the Act shall be liable to a fine of £10, or three months' imprisonment. It, however, pro vides for the issue of licenses to persons to re tail poisons, &c.;, three miles or over from the place of bnsiness of any pharmaceutical chemist. The list of poisons contains the following : — Arsenic, aconite, alkaloids, atro pine, and cantharides, corrosive sublimate, cyanide of potassium, emetic tartar, ergot of rye, prussic acid, savin and its oil, and strychnine. These are not to be sold unless the purchaser is known to the seller, and the sales made are to be entered in a poison-book, including date of sale, name and address of purchaser, quantity of article, and the purpose for which it is wanted. A number of clauses are then devoted to assistants and apprentices, and clause 9 proposes that the Governor shall in council appoint a board, consisting of at least seven members, being bona fide pharmaceu tical chemists, under the title of the Board of Pharmacy of Victoria, who shall have the power to control and direct all examinations. All persons registered under the act are to be exempted from juries and coroners inquests, and a license of £5 is to be paid to the Government for the sale of patent and pro prietary medicines. Wangaratta Collegiate School. — On Friday, the pupils attending Mr Thompson's Collegiate School, Wangaratta, celebrated the close of their scholastic duties for the quarter by a pic-nic at Warby's ranges. There was a good muster of the parents and friends of the pupils likewise present, and all appeared to enjoy themselves in the most satisfactory manner. It is the practice at Mr Thompson's establishment to have a pic-nic at the close of each quarter; these are awarded as a recog nition of the attention that has been paid to study during the preceding term, and have the. effect of causing the pupils tore-enter on their studies with increased zest. We might mention that in connection with ths collegiate school, a scientific and mathematical evening class has been established ; this is at present attended by 14 pupils, making the total attendance 43. MITTA MITTA. — Relative to matters in the neighborhood of Mitta Mitta, a correspondent sends us the following : — The river is lower than it has been before this season, and except for crossing an occasional flock of sheep on their way to market, the punt is seldom called into requisition. Recently, instead of a flock of sheep, a flock of inspectors was crossed, comprising Mr. Inspector Smith ; Mr. Brodribb (Government inspector of schools); Mr. Perry (inspector of sheep) ; and Mr. Superintendent Barclay, inspector of the state of the force — and of things in general. Dipping is going on actively at the Kangaroo ground, but it will take at least three or four months before scab is got rid of, and things put to rights on that station. Very little in the shape of cereals or hay has been grown in tho neighborhood of Mitta Mitta this year; the heavy floods in the early part of the season proved fatal to the crops, and most of the selectors, in consequence, confined their attention to the growth of potatoes. Allow me to correct a slight mistake which I notice in your paper of the 26th inst., with reference to " Mitta Mitta Jack :" " It is said that the term of imprisonment to which Aherns, or Mitta Mitta Jack was sentenced, will soon expire, &c.;" Mitta Mitta Jack was set at liberty some twelve months back, and has been carrying on butchering on a small scale, at his old residence, twenty miles above the junction of Snowy Creek and the Mitta Mitta, but being very closely watched by the Snowy Creek police, we presume he could do nothing " good " at it, so he has taken his departure somewhere down the Murray. A NATIVE ARTIST. — A novelty in the shape of oil paintings on gum leaves, executed by a shepherd in the neighborhood of Chiltern, is thus referred to by the Geelong Advertiser : — " We have been shown some specimens of miniature oil paintings, done on gum leaves portraying native scenery. The artist — for he is quite worthy of the title — is a shepherd, employed on a station near Chiltern, and employs his leisure time in painting the scenery his flock travels through. The speci- mens we saw are certainly very, creditable pro- ductions, and the originality of the material used constitutes them curiosities. DEPARTURE OF THE REV. W. LINDSAY. — With reference to the departure of the Rev. W. W. Lindsay, who recently occupied the position of Wesleyan minister at Wodonga, and who has been appointed to missionary labor in the Fiji Islands, the Age of Saturday has the fol- lowing : — Yesterday an unusually large number of friends assembled on the Aus- tralian Wharf to bid farewell to the Rev. Wil- liam Lindsay, Wesleyan minister, and Mrs. Lindsay, who have proceeded to Sydney per steamer Dandenong, en route for Fiji, the missionary ship John Wesley being appointed to sail for that place on the 6th instant. We believe that Mr. Lindsay has been laboring at Wodonga for some time past, and we wish him every success in his mission of love to the poor South Sea Islanders. MESSRS. J.H. GRAY AND Co.'s SALES. — This firm will offer at auction to - morrow (Wednesday), at their mart, about 200 fat cattle, and 1700 prime fat sheep, together with about 140 fat and store pigs. Insolvency. — The following schedule was filed in Melbourne last week: — John George Knight, of Burnett-street, St. Kilda, now out of business. Causes of insolvency — Through being called upon to pay, and being sued for, the debts and liabilities of the partnership business formerly carried on by him together with his brother, George William Knight, as colonial wine merchants, under the firm of " The Australian Wine Company, Knight Brothers," from which partnership business he retired on or about the 8th May, 1869, on the terms of the said George William Knight taking all the assets and paying all the liabilities of the said partnership, which he neglected to do; and from his being called upon to pay liabilities contracted by the said George William Knight in the name of Knight Brothers since the said 8th May 1869 Liabilities, £3,647 2s 7d; assets, £196; de- ficiency , £3,451 2s 7d. Mr Shaw, official assignee. In connection with this we observe that a letter has appeared from the insolvent's brother, denying that he is in any way re sponsible for the former's failure. Central Board of If ' of the Central Board .of Health, held, in Mel- . bourne, last week, it wsb stated th> . -. cordance with the 34th secrion'ofthe Act, plans had been submitted to the board: by the < com- mittees of the hospitals- at Beechworth and Wangaratta, tho first having 7»fcrencei to an .additional ward in course. of cofcnotiop,_ and- tk'e second to a new hospital now teing erected in the latter township. In both eases the plans were approved, and it was agreed that the board's sanction be given to the opening of the mew buildings-when". completed according to the plans submitted. In the case of tne Hos pital at Wangaratta, the board noted, with much satisfaction, that the hospital committee had, in compliance, with a recommendation given by the board's superintending inspector on his recent inspection of that borough, sub stituted earth-closets for the pnvy cesspit which the plans of the building originally con templated. The Chiltern Local Board apphed for the Central Board's recommendation, that they should obtain from the general revenne some assistance in carrying out a plan for im proving the drainage of the town ; but 4qe local board's scheme, as shown, by the plans submitted, not being of a sufficiently substan tial nature, it was decided to inform them that the Central Board could not recom'- mend their application unless the works are to be constructed in a more perma nent and satisfactory manner. After various other matters had been disposed of, it was resolved to recommend to the Go vernment the appointment nnder the Central Board of Health, of a competent analyst, for the more effectual carrying out of those pro visions of the Wines, Beer, and Spirits Sale Statute Amendment Act which relate to the prevention of the sale of adulterated liquors. Fencing Cemeteries. — It is notified in the Gazette that applications for a share in the distribution of the 1871 vote for fencing cemeteries, will not be considered as far as the present year iB concerned unless sent . in on or before the 30th inst. Police Retiring Allowances. — With re ference to the providing retiring allowances for members of the police force, incapacitated by age or injuries received in the service, the following scheme has, it is said, been submit ted to the Chief Commissioner of Police, who has reported on it favorably, and will submit it to the Chief Secretary. The proposition is to deduct two per cent per annum from the pay of the police, the samo to be placed to the credit of a pension fund ; the fund to accumulate for five years, which at the end of that time it is believed would amount to a sufficient sum to ensure a retiring allowance of from £100 to £150 a year to members of the force upwards of fifty-five years of age, and who had been in the service from twenty to twenty-five years. The total police ap propriation for the year is £152,540, two per cent of which would amount to £3300 per annum ; this, with the other sources of supply now in existence, it is calculated would in five years' time reach the respectable sum of £20,000, sufficient, it is believed for all pension requirements. The scheme thus shadowed forth appears at first blush to be an equitable one, both as regards the force and the public. On investigation, however, it will be found to be wanting in fairness to the older members of the force, to whom the £75,000 of the Police Reward Fund in reality belong, and to which they have a right to look for retiring allowances, without their pay being still further rednced. Rural Schools.— Among the rural or hall- time schools on behalf of which application has been made for a share of the special vote of parliament for schools in sparsely populated districts, appears that of Talangatta, the ap plicant being Mr T. "Woode. In a Hole. — An unfortunate horse belong ing to Mr "William Hamilton, Ford-street, Beechworth, which got rather badly burned by the fire in the stable a few days since came to grief again late on Saturday night. The animal was running loose in Mr Hamilton's 3'ard, and in the course of its wanderings fell headlong into a recently dug pit, some six or seven feet deep, and about four feet in diameter. When first discovered the horse's head was completely doubled up underneath it, only the hind quarters being visible. Some dozen willing assistants were soon on the spot and set to work with pick and shovel to make a sloping path halfway down the excavation. The ground was hard:, and this operation took some time, but was at length accomplished. Ropes were then placed round the animal, ami after some exertions it was restored to the firm ground, little the worse of its premature burial. The Blood Royal. — The breach made by the marriage of the Princess Louise and the Marquis of Lome in the absurd bnt time- honored custom, of strictly confining all royal marriages within that mysterious sphere known as the " blood royal," is only the beginning of the end. According to the theory, all princes stand on the same level matrimonially, and the meanest Serenity or Highness, with a duchy not so large as many an English noble man's park, was considered far preferable as husband of a king's daughter to the most powerful noble in Europe, however great his wealth and blue his blood, if in his veins there did not flow the mysterious ichor of royalty. Something might indeed be said against any direct, or nearly direct heir to a throne mar rying a subject, although we are not sure that even more could not be said in favor of it ; but we can see no principle which makes the same law apply to subjects of another power, and this demonstrates the absurdity. It is said, for instance, that if an heir- apparent to the British throne were to wed an English lady, it would lead to mischievous favoritism, and all the relatives and connections of the bride, even to fifteenth cousins, would, in the event of her becoming queen, be thrust into positions of honor and emolument. Is there not pre cisely the same danger in regard to a foreign wife ? and is it a very real or great danger, after all ? The British sovereign, has little or nothing to do with important appointments, though they are all nominally under the Grown. Beyond the royal household, and the exercise occasionally of personal influence in the appointment of a bishop, the interference of the sovereign is infrequent, and would as a rule be impracticable. Even the superior officers of the household are political appoint ments, and go out ou a change of ministry; nor can we see that any serious complication would arise, even if a Prince of Wales were to marry a young lady, English in birth, educa tion and habits, and possibly enough, though that is a secondary consideration, bringing a larger dowry than a foreign princess would be likely to possess. The idea that there is something sacred and apart from other men and women in members of royal families will not much longer be tenable. The excessive prestige of the throne is shaken to its founda tions, and must give way to views more in accordance with common sense, and modern progress. The general spread of constitutional government is. dispersing such misty faith, as has still survived in-the "divineright ofking3," a dogma of which Count Bismarck and the new Emperor of Germany are about the only living disciples of note. It is beginning to be uudei stood more clearly every day, that while sovereigns may be, and are surrounded with all fitting pomp and; circumstance, and are treated with the most respectful deference and homage, it is in their capacity of representing the nation, and not as its masters. They are, and will be, if anything, vice- gerents of the' sovereign people, and what they lose in isolated exclusivenes3 they will gain, "if they act wor thily, in a more real reverence from those whom they professedly govern, and of whose interests they are the highest custodians. It was at all events time that some stop was put to the pensioning of poor German princes out of the British exchequer. A paragraph' in an American paper states authoritatively that Queen Victoria was never so unpopular as at this momeut. We have not the slightest hesi tation in characterising that statement as a lie not only from the absolutelyopposite tenor of our latest English advices but from a knowledge of previous feelings in England, which the consent of the Queen to the marriage of ono of her daughters to a subject would change into rejoicing and gratitude. Whether her Majesty's successors will strengthen or weaken the tie between the throne and the people depends almost entiroly on their own modes of action, but there is little need for fear for a long time to come at least, that the Crown and Commons will be in a position of real antagonism. ABANDONMENT OF APPLICATION FOR MINING LEASE AT EL DORADO. — We observe that the Secretary of Mines notifies in last Friday's Gazette that the application of Messrs. J. Hollow, and H. Horrocks for a mining lease of 150 acres of ground at El Dorado, has been abandoned. BEECHWORTH POLICE COURT.— Mr. G. R. Berry, J.P.; attended at this court on Saturday, the only case being that of James Moore charged with being drunk and disorderly. As he had been locked up all night, he was dis- charged. CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION. — In order that it may be ascertained whether the required number of candidates (15) will be forthcoming to cause a Civil Service examination to be held in Beechworth, Mr. E. S. Harris, who has several pupils in training with a view to enter- ing themselves, is desirous that those who intend to come forward will communicate with him as speedily as possible. The advisa- bility of this step will be at once apparent when it is considered that unless the required number of candidates enter themselves there will be no examination in this portion of the colony. SUDDEN DEATH AT EL DORADO. — The sud- den death of Mrs. Harbron, wife of an old and much respected resident of El Dorado, which occurred on Saturday evening, cast a deep gloom on the residents of that locality. Death was caused by illness consequent on childbirth. The funeral of the deceased took place yester- day, and was very largely attended, nearly the whole of the residents taking part in the mournful procession. WELLINGTON GOLD AND TIN MINING COM- PANY, REGISTERED, EL DORADO. — The mining manager reports depth of shafts on 29th March as follows :— Pumping shaft, 115 feet ; winding shaft, 122 feet ; the pump shaft having been sunk 20 feet and winding shaft 16 feet since last report. PROBATE. — In the Supreme Court, Mel- bourne, on Thursday, probate was granted by Mr. Justice Molesworth to the will of the late W. Tsze Hing, formerly Chinese interpreter, Beechworth. The amount proved for was £1500. SALE UNDER WRIT OF FI FA. — Mr. E. G. Nethereott will offer for sale at the Post Office Hotel, Beechworth, this day, under writ of fi. fa., in the case of Andrews v. Baldwin, all the defendant's right, title, and interest, in and to portions of allotment 10, of section 13, High - street, Beechworth, on which is erected a four - roomed brick cottage. The property to be offered is eligibly situated, and is worthy the attention of persons on the look - out for a freehold. CHINESE VOTES. — A decision relative to the right of Chinese, not being naturalised or denizen subjects of Her Majesty, to vote at the election of members of Parliament, was given at the Mansfield Police Court last week. Ah Shing and Ah Foy, two residents of Dry Creek, in the neighborhood of Mansfield, had been given into custody by Mr. Sherring, deputy returning officer, for breach of the Electoral Act, in that they had wilfully re- turned false answers to the questions as to whether they were naturalised or denizen subjects of Her Majesty, during the recent election of a member to represent the Murray district. Mr. Sherring, who appeared at the Police Court to prosecute, argued at some length that the Chinese had no right to vote, not being "denizen" subjects, and quoted several authorities in support of his views. The bench, without hearing witnesses for the defence, dismissed the case, the police magis- trate (Mr. W. Butler) remarking that nothing had been brought forward to show that the Chinamen had returned a false answer to questions put to them. THE CENSUS. — In order to provide against neglect on the part of the collectors of the census returns, a notice has been issued by the Registrar - General, and is published in our business columns, to the effect that persons knowing of such neglect should communicate with the Registrar - General without delay. Letters addressed to the Registrar - General, Melbourne, and marked outside with the word " census " will be delivered free of charge. A. O. F. — The Government Gazette an- nounces that the original rules of Court Green- wood No. 4698 of the Ovens and Murray United District of the Ancient Order of Foresters, established at Yackandandah, have been completely registered, and that the society itself is so also. FAREWELL BANQUET. — About thirty of the leading residents of Chiltern met at the Star Hotel, on Friday evening last, to bid farewell to Mr. Edmund Banks, who has for the past ten years held the position of post and tele- graph master in that town. Host Simpson provided an excellent supper on the occasion. The chair was occupied by the mayor ; Mr. J. Strickland, chairman of the Indigo Road Board, acting as vice - chairman. After the usual loyal toasts had been honored, the chairman proposed health and prosperity to their guest, Mr. Edmund Banks. In doing so, he spoke in the highest terms of that gentle- man, his remarks being warmly responded to by the company, many of whom had known Mr. Banks since his first arrival in Chiltern. Due honor having been done to the guest of the evening, a few songs were sung, Mr. Bennett kindly volunteering an accompaniment on the piano. The company separated about twelve o'clock, with a feeling of pleasure at having done honor to a useful and obliging public servant, mingled with regret at his removal from Chiltern. STATION PROPERTY — The Birham on the Murrumbridgee and the Walbundrie station on the Billabong were offered at auction, in Melbourne, on Friday ; both were withdrawn the bidding not coming up in either case to the reserved figure. RESERVATION OF LAND AT MOYHU. — Two acres of land heretofore used for common school purposes at Moyhu, have now been permanently proclaimed for that purpose. AID TO NEW SCHOOLS. — Application has been received by the Board of Education for aid to a new school at Middle Indigo, and the same has been referred to the proper officers for support. ACCIDENT. — An accident, luckily unattended with serious consequences, occurred here a few days since, says our Mitta Mitta corres- pondent, Mr. Daniel Lynch while harrowing with two horses in a field, left them for a time in order to speak to a person who had called on him ; one of the horses rubbed his winkers off, and not liking the appearance of the harrows, started off at full speed, his companion nothing loth joining in the race. Both horses made direct for a man named Quinn, who was working in another portion of the field ; the latter at once dropped his implements and made a bee line for the nearest fence ; this he succeeded in gaining, but so great was his tremor that he never stopped to look back until he had placed several other fences and half a mile of ground between him and the horses and harrows. After racing about madly for some time the harness gave way, and the horses were captured without any great amount of damage having been done. SALE AT COLLENDINA, N.S.W. — To - morrow (Wednesday), Mr. W. Shenstone will sell by auction, at Collendina House, by instructions from the trustees of the estate of Mr. Robert Brown, a large quantity of valuable agricul- tural machines and implements, produce, horses, cattle, pigs, drays, buggy, and many other useful articles. INTESTATE ESTATES. — The Curator of Intestate Estates has been granted rules to administer the personal estates of the following deceased persons : — John Ross, Corowa, N.S.W., £35 0s. 6d. ; Charles Johnson, of Freeburgh, Beechworth distiict, £69. APPEAL IN INSOLVENCY.— In the Supreme Court, Melbourne, on Thursday, an appeal against a decision of the Commissioner in Insolvency, refusing a certificate to Philip Perlstein, insolvent, late of Harrietville, storekeeper, came on for hearing. Mr. Lawes appeared for the insolvent ; Mr. Stephen for creditors. From the affidavits, it appeared that the insolvent had obtained a large quantity of goods from different business houses, at a time when he had not the least chance of meeting his engagements. Decision was reserved. GROCERS TO THE RESCUE. — The action re- cently taken by the revenue officer of the city of Melbourne against Messrs. Black and McIntosh, has led to an influential meeting of grocers being held there, at which it was not only agreed to subscribe towards the payment of the legal expenses incurred, amounting to about £50, but also to form a Grocers' and Wine and Spirit Merchants' Asso- ciation, to look after the interests of the trade. It was alleged at this meeting that the spirits lately seized on the premises of Messrs Henley and Forbes, and said in each case to be of a deleterious nature, were not really so, and that the City Council had refused to have an analysis made. Office - bearers of the new association were appointed, and they were directed to communicate with the council on the subject just referred to. 