BALLARAT. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT) SATURDAY, AUGUST 5. There was a very fair business done to-day, .with an improvement observable in sevoral stocks. United Albion were in good demand the greater part of the day, and advanced steadily till near the closa of business, when they receded a little. Tookey had a large demand at rapidly improving rates, the late news from New Zealand having caused a Btrong reaction in their favour. Magdala continued to improve steadily ; there were several huyers for them offering to-day. Vine- yards had a good inquiry, but at no advance on yesterday's rates. Winter's Freehold wore Btëady, and no more. Hand and Band were firm, and so were Band and Albion Consols. The Go-ahead Company washed off half a machine of dirt to-day, and obtained 12oz. 6dwt. from it. This company lias been sadly delayed by tho action of the Eastern council in' refusing to recommend a supply of water toquen). The company bave pro ved now that there is a great bed of washdirt, many feet thick, lying there untouched ; it may be a reof wash, or a now gutter that has escaped the researches of tlio early diggers ; but whatover it may prove to bo, it is no use to let it romain unworked and profitless particularly as there is no chance of any valu- able buildings being damaged by their mining operations, and the action of the .Eastern coun- cil" in regard to the refusal to supply the com . pony with water has beon rather freely cen- sured. At the meeting of the council last night, however, it was decided to grant the company a temporary supply of water, pend- ing further investigation, The claim known as Fountain and party's, at the head of Sailor's Gully, is reported to have been pur- chased to day by two gentlemen, who intend to extend the base of operations. Some very rich stone has been got out of the claim. Timms and party, Dead Horse Ranges, have completed the erection of their small battery, and will commence crushing stone on Mon- day, The first week's crushing will be of poor stone, to fill up the chinks and cracks. The main drive from the No. 2 shaft of the St. George and Band Company, to intersect the gutter, will bo sufficiently advanced in anothor fortnight. No chango to report at the mine. Thomas M'Neigh was the name oE the plucky fellow who tried to stop tho runaway horses and waggon on Thursday. The poor roan died last night of the injuries ho sus- tained on the occasion. .The great event of to-morrow, the dedi- cation of St Patrick's Church, has been at- tracting a large share of attention during the ?week. There will be a great muster of the Romish Churcb dignitaries and clergy, and no'-oxpense has been spared to mako the ceremony both imposing and pleasing. It is «xpectod that nearly £2,000 will bo netted to the fund to-morrow. Already over £800 .worth of tickets have boon sold, and tbeio will be two doors for admission, one at 10s. tho'othor at ús., for the non-holders of tickets. There was another very miserable dispute in the Eastern Borough Council last night, about the expense incurred, in conjunction with the City Couucil, in entertaining the Marquis of Normanby, and the mayor cut the matter short by saying he would, though re- ceiving no salary, pay the amount out of his own pocket. Those Ballarat Eait councillors who begrudge such items of expenditure don't deserve to be recognised by any person of distinction, and it is not improbable that in future the City Council will act for itsolf alono, and leave tho sister borough to its own meanness, The sudden departure from Ballarat of Mr. J. Couts, tbo late excellent clerk to the Eastern Couucil Investigation Committee, on the very day on tho evening of which he was invited to bo the guest of a number of friends who desired to pay him such compliment be- fore ho left the colony, has caused some littlo sensation, and no end of rumours. The fact is, I am informed, Mr. Couls some years ago fot into some scrape or other, for which ho as atoned, and some kind friend (?) has taken the trouble to communicate the parti .colors of it to some one here, which lod to certain alterations boing made as to Mr. ' Couls's engagements. Mr. A. EL King, his late employor, with whom ho has boen for six .years, speaks very highly of him. At tho meeting of tho Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society held to-day, Mr. Bacchus .drew attention to the fact that the National Society had applied for £7,000 from the Go- vernment grant, for the purpose of building extensivo premises, and designated it as un justto othor socioties,and, if allowed, inju- rious to the agricultural interest A motion was thon carried that all other socioties should apply for increased grants. An awfully suddon doath occurred last night, ' A young man named John Green, aged about 20, was with two friends walking into town from the -Ballarat Meat- prosorving Company's establishment, where ho had boen , «mployed. when ho suddenly fell down and . -expired almost immediately. "Stawell appears to bo particularly fa- voured," soys the Pleasant ¡Greek Chronicle, " by visitors from the uppor or lowor rogions ; at least, this is ono construction that is placed " upon certain strange phenomena lately oc- curring in Main-street. lu a certain trades- man's rosidonce, the agency seems to havo a particular objection to allowing a certain door to remain shut about midnight, ' when church ¿yards yawn.' This door is the centro one of .three, and tho outer ones wore locked as usual. 4©n the first night in question it was opened with a loud bang, and without any previous intimation. On alight boing obtained nothing was found disturbed, and the ou tor doors wereJocked. On tho succeeding night the coodman placed a barricade against it, but ! this was of no avail, and the ghost pushod the .door open with great scorn. On the third ziight, a large tea-tray was planted against the door,' and fortified in with several heavy sub- stances. At midnight, a tremendous clatter woka up tho household ; the mysterious door was found open and tho others locked. Hore |s a fit theme fox our P«ych,Qlogical Society to l«Wty" .... 