licking ftwm p^lb0ur»e ^uurlt. INSANE JOKES, Why is a man of firmness like a fellow with eieht lees'—Because he is able to show his forti tude (he'sforty-toed) . What is the difference between a dying man and a chap that cannot guess, this?—One gives up the ghost snd lhe other the riddle. Why is a man slowly expiring of a lingering wimflairit. like a wretch being trampled to death? —One dies by inches and the other by feet. - What is a man that steals boluses?—A pill-ferer. What is next to a pretty fight?—A lovely row. Why is it not right to desert a woman?—Because she is then left alone. What is the difference between the old husband of a young wife and a parafine lamp?—One bums with jealousy and the other with kerosine. Domestic Hints.—A shirt can always he pro duced by sewing one. Children left alone in a room will soon produce a nice pickle. The dinner bell has nothing to do with the peals of potatoes. If your coat is a tight fit, it is a case of clothes confinement; but wives generally do not go in for the silent system. The dark ages are those of ladies over thirty. Mental and Physical.—The latest instance on record of sense being knocked forcibly into the heads of people is nairated by a correspondent of the Dunolly Express, who £ells how a refractory Jury was rendered unanimous by the forcible way in which the case was pnt to them by the Fore man—a man of colossal build and herculean strength—who actually had to hammer his j brethren over the head before they would agree to a verdict unanimously, on seeing the striking way he had in laying the case before them. Poob Fellow.—There is a man in America who has been arrested so often that the police are ashamed to be sew walking with nim, and punished so seldom that he has begun to complain of it himself. A Plague on Both youb Houses.—A Mend of ours describes the Lower Chamber as the House of Contention, and the Upper as the House of Detention. Strange Events.—A man went to town yester day in a towering rage. A lawyer also drove down to hiB office in one of his own conveyances. A cabman has caught a passenger in a wagonette. A lady who lost her temper has been seen-in a pet. A farmer has soled a horseshoe, and heeled the hoot of a coach. A case of blacking has been brought before Mr. Sturt; it was for blacking eyes. ' Some pigs have "been sent to the Alfred Hospital to be cured. Two horses have. been attached to the "drags*' hung up near the Custom-House. Dr. Mueller has decided that a dog-rose isnot a colley flower. A man having, lost some harness, an analytical chemist has discovered some traces. A question has arisen whether a man can d -t his (s)ize. A man who dined off a saddle of mutton afterwards ate a hanky pancake. A new kind of bean has been discovered—every branch of the plant has a tripod. Accidents.—A man has been drowned in a billiard pool. An unfortunate fellow has had his life taken by an Insurance Company. A gentleman has bad his arms quartered. An accountant has lost hiB head while running np a column. Queeb Things.—The aunt that travels with only one trunk—The eleph-ant. A warm attach ment—Fixing on a red-hot horseshoe. Shells not feared by the French—Egg-shells, pea-shells, and nut-shells. The birds at a wake—tfl) owls. Cons.—When does a man wind up bis affairs?— When his tick is stopped. What is most easy and yet quite impossible to do?—Lending your counte nance to a Mend. What bell makes most noise? —label(l). Con. by a Bailiff.—When should you give your clothes to your landlord?—When they are rem! Memo.—The difference between an under-boiled puddingand a Lancashire dance is very trivial, as both are cloggy. Good Paper.—This is an enlightened age—we are not alluding to the newspaper of that name— and the Press is its moBt shining characteristic. If the age remained in a state of darkness, it would not be the fault of its typographical teachers. The very names of the journals which greet us are luminous. First we made the acquaintance of the Banner of Light; next of the Harbinger of Light; and now we have to acknowledge the receipt of the Australian Israelite. This last-mentioned paper is devoted to the interests of our Jewish Mends, and this is not the first time we have noticed the interest attaching to paper passing through their hands. We trust—and that is a plucky, thing to do in these : times—that we shall deceive no one when we say that this paper is deserving of the utmost credit. It should pass current anywhere as first-class, and be taken up at any time by the most careful Hebrew with complete satisfaction. Hail and Beer.—By the latest telegram from Adelaide we learn that Hailstones and a downfall of heavy wet were imminent. This change will doubtless prove most acceptable to the community, and prevent their being robbed of their beer, now that the brewers and publicans have combined to raise the price of malt liquors in that quarter. Wanted,—The keyhole in the trunk of an elephant The handle of the brash of a fox. The teeth of a coxcomb. The castors of a multiplication table. The legs of a toadstool The mattress of an onion bed. The hinge of the box on the ear. The cushion for ninepins. A piece of glass for the human frame. The opening dance of a heel balL miscellaneous. A washerwoman's motto—Let us soap for the i best. What is equal to a silver mug!—A Goodwood cup. What grown-up daughters like papa to do—To make allowances. A good kind of sxp—Vefbum sap. Query—Can a standing debt he set down ? A jewel of the first water—The Yan Yeau jet. 