SANDHURST BOROUGH COUNCIL. Tuesday, 11th July. Aii adjourned meeting ot the (Jouncil was held at seven o'clock. Present—Crs. M'ln tyre (chairman pro tcm.), Burrowes, Mac dougall, Aspinall, Moran, and Garsed. THE MINISTERIAL BANQUET. A request was received from E. Garsed, Hon. Secretary to the Ministerial Banquet Committee, for the use of the Town Hall on the occasion of the Ministerial banquet, which was granted on the usual conditions. ORDERS OF THE DAY. The following motions, of which notice had been given, were carried:— By Cr. M'Intyre—"That in face of the constant complaints of the burgesses, it is undesirable to continue the present system of metalling the main thoroughfares, and with the view of improvement the town surveyor be empowered to purchase at a price not to exceed 6s. per yard, such broken metal (not being tailings or gravel), as ho may deem suitable, and that may bo required for road-making purposes, and that in future no tailings or gravel, unless screened, shall be used upon any of the principal roads, without the special sanction of the Council." By Cr. Aspinall—" That the committee's report re Anderson-street extension be agreed to—to the extent of L250." By Cr. Aspinall —"That the waterliole abutting on the Charleston and M'lvor roads be substantially fenced in." By Cr. Burrowes—" That tho report of the town surveyor on Booth-street be received and adopted." By Cr. M'Intyre —" That with the view of properly lighting the open spaces at Charing Cross and the foot of Mundy-strcet, designs of two lamps (to be erected one in each of the said spaces) be at once prepared and submitted to the Council." By Cr. Moran—"That Bakewell-street be formed half a chain wide from White Hills road to Symonds' fence, with suitable cross ing." By Cr. Macdougall—"That Jackson street be kerbed and channelled from Silver Mines Hotel to Eddie's property." By Cr. M'Intyre—" That the culvert at tho junction of Brougham-street and Williamson-street be enlarged and carried across the latter street." By Cr. Burrowes—" That High-street be curbed from Beech-street to Fir-street." By Cr. Macdougall—" That the town surveyor's report on Bullock Creek road be adopted." By Cr. Aspinall —" That the town surveyor be instructed to improve and construct the bridge in M'Crae-street, opposite Conroy's store, and that the same be done by day labor." By Cr. Moran—" That Drought street, from Mercy-street to Anderson-street, be formed half a chain wide, in compliance with the petition presented on the 23rd June." The following wero deferred:—By Cr. M'Intyre—" That the town surveyor pre pare plans and specifications for the erection of such buildings and yards as may be re quired for tho purpose of vending pigs; fowls, calves; &c.;, in connection with the new retail market." By Cr. Vahland—"That the hole in front of the Town Hall be filled up and the fence removed." By Cr. Holmes— "That a lamp be placed at the corner of Bull-street." By Cr. Garsed—"That a sufficient number of suitable gas lamps be fixed to the verandahs in Pall Mall, to be lit 011 Sundays and holiday nights." By Cr. Garsed—" That plans and specifications for bl idge at Bernal and Havelock streets be at once prepared." By the Mayor—"That Forest-street be formed and side drains cut from the Iroubark Bridge to Millin's corner." By the Mayor—"That a lamp be erected in King- street." By Cr. M'Intyre—" That the town clerk bo instructed to take such steps as may be necessary to remove tho fence of the garden held by certain Chinese at tho top of Williamson-street." By Cr. Moran— " That a footpath be formed from Conroy's bridge to the White Hills Hotel." The following lapsed, wanting a seconder:— By Cr. Burrowes —" That Cemetery Road be gravelled from the Star and Garter to Ceme tery. " j ADDITIONS TO THE TOWN HALL. I Cr. M'Intyre moved, without notice, that j the reduced contract for the erection of a Corn Exchange, in addition to the Town Hall, amountingto L2,82218s., be accepted. Here iterated previous arguments—remarking that they had become threadbare—as to the legal restriction in appropriating that portion of the loan in any other way. The present appearance and condition of the Town Hall was a disgrace to the town, and to the Council, and, as he had already told the members of the Council who were opposed to him in this matter, he intended to take every opportunity to carry out the idea; he now took the opportunity of bringing his motion forward. Cr. Garsed seconded the motion, as he believed that to allow the money to be uselessly lying idle, was taking an advantage of the ratepayers who had lent it. Cr. Aspinall intimated that tho motion was entirely out of order, as there was a re solution on the records of the Council that nothing was to be done in thia matter, until after the elections in August, and he thought also that in the absence of two or three membera of the Council, Cr. M'Intyre was takiDg a mean advantage of such a cir cumstance. (Cr. M'Intyre, laughingly: "I told you that I would take every advan tage.") He thought that, as the elections were to take place within the next month, it would not only be an act of courtesy to the absent councillors but to the ratepayers out side, to allow it to stand over until tlien. Cr. Burrowes, as the mover of the original resolution, said that the action of Cr. M'lntyre, who had evidently got himself elected to occupy the position of chairm.au on this occasion to enable him to give a double vote, was neither fair nor just to the absent members. He did not believe that they would take suck a mean advantage as Cr. M'lntyre was now taking. (Cr. M'Intjre: " Catch them.'') The discussion on this subject had elicited a very great deal of interest .outside, and ho thought, in de ference to the ratepayers, such a motion ought to bo deferred until after the August elections. If, after that time, it was carried by a majority of the councillors, ho, for one, would be content to bow to that majority, as representing the opinions of the majority of the ratepayers. Cr. Macdougall could see the feeling of the present meeting, and unless some of the opponents to the scheme of Cr. M'lntyre took advantage of (ho door, and left the Council without a quorum, there was no other way of preventing it being carried. At the same time lie would put it to Cr. M'lntyre whether it was not desirable to Wait now until after the elections before attempting to carry out such a resolution. Cr. M'lntyre himself would be one of the candidates for re-election, and his election or rejection would be a test of the feeling of the ratepayers in his ward as to the desira bility of expending this amount of money on the Town. Hall. As a matter of delicacy Cr. M'lntyre ought to give way. Cr. Moran, in explanation of the position ho had taken in this matter, said that although he had during his sanvass opposed the spending of any money on either Baths or Town Hall, when he ascertained that the loan could not be approached in any other way, ho thought the best course to adopt would be to carry out the proposed works. Cr. M'lntyre, with regard to Cr. Aspinall's objection on the ground of the motion being out of order, as the original resolution was not rescinded} said that the original resolu tion itself was illegal. As regarded the test of the August election, he was not at all afraid of that. When he stood for election three years ago, ho advocated the three public works, viz., the Market, the Town Hall, and the Baths, and his election showed that the ratepayers of his ward entertained the same opinion. Cr. Aspinall again appealed to Cr. M'lntyre to withdraw his motion, but the latter refused, and putting the motion the voting for it was as follows :—Ayes, Crs. M'lntyre, Moran, and Garsed. Noes, Crs. Burrowes, Macdougall, and Aspinall. Cr. M'lntyre declared the motion carried by liis casting vote as Chairman. Cr. Aspinall asked the Town Clerk to re cord his protest against the resolution; Cr. Macdougall adding—" We all, of course, pro test against it." The seal of the Council was subsequently attached to the contract. MINING IN TIIE RESERVE. In compliance with the request of Cr. Aspinall, the {Town Clerk road the conditions under which the Mining Committee had granted the permit to Denovan and Com pany to mine in the Reserve. By these it appeared that the'applicants engaged, by de positing the sum of L50, to be directed by the Town Clerk as to the site of the shaft and in the erection of all such works or machinery as they might require, the Town Clerk, for the Council, was to object to if ho thought it desirable to do so, and that all or any damage done to the reserve was to bo made good. Cr. Aspinall did not think that the con ditions of mining in the reserves were at all stringent enough, and he would move that the question of mining on the Reserve be submitted to a Mining Committee, consisting of Crs. Macdougall, Burrowes, and Moran; that they draw up conditions to be observed by Denovan and Co., and that tho committee submit their report to the Council. He would also suggest that Denovan and Company bo directed to delay their operations in the Re serve until after such report was submitted. He thought that it was only wise on tho part of the Council to adopt the strictest regula tions, in order to prevent the destruction of a public recreation ground, that had cost tho ratepayers some ten thousand pounds. Cr. M'lntyre took the opportunity of the subject being under discussion to refer to au article in that day's Bexdigo Advertiser on the subject of mining in the Reserve. He seldom or ever noticed what was in the paper, but in the present case the Adver tiser had most unjustly insinuated that the Council were "working" this matter for their own particular ends and interest. Now he believed that lia might adopt the tu quoque in reply and insinuate that the article in question was written by the editor of tho Bexdigo Advertiser, because he had [no in terest in the Reserve. At some considerable length he continued his reference to the article in the Advertiser, which he charac terised as "illogical, absurd, and one-sided." He could not help remarking that the Adver tiser, some years ago, opposed the system of street mining, although it now claimed the credit of advocating it, and he believed that although it now opposed the mining in the Reserve, the time would come when its opinions would be changed. Cr. Macdougall would second Cr. Aspinall's motion, as in the present instance he thought that the conditions ought to be more stringent than in the case of au ordinary street mining application. Cr. Garsed supported the motion. The usual course had not even been adopted in the case of Denovan and Company, as the mining inspector had not made the usual in spection and report on the ground applied for. He also quoted from the Act in order to show that the permit had been illegally granted.^ Rather than give such permission to mine in the Reserve, he would advocate that the ground should bo let on building leases. ° The Chairman remarked that the Crown grant to the Council gave them the power objected to by Cr. Garsed. On tho suggestion of Cr. Moran, the name I of Cr. Garsed was added to the committee, and the motion was agreed to. The Chairman stated, with regard to the suggestion to direct Denovan and Company to delay their operations, as they had now tho permit, the town clerk could only request them to do so. The Council adjourned at 8.30. Skilled Artisaxs.—The Chief Secretary has it in contemplation to appoint a com mission for the purpose of considering the best mode of introducing skilled artisans in special lines of industry to the colony.— A ge. The Burxt Creek Ghost.—The local correspondent of the Bulla,-at Star writes: "Time, instead #f lessening belief in the Burnt Bridge ghost, has rather intensified that feeling, and this is particularly true of one of the party from Lai Lai that visited the haunted house. This person is so imbued with fear over since, that he is almost pros trate. On Friday night a crowd gathered around him in his dwelling, to hear his version of the adventure, when, from some cause, tho visitors unceremoniously rushed out. Finding himself thus left the sole occupant of the house, he hastily snatched up a blanket, but in his excessive confusion, and hurry left his hat and boots behind, and applied all available speed in making his escape to my house, distant about sixty yards, and pitifully implored admittance. He said he must have travelled the distance in thirteen bounds, so great was his terror, and he seriously congratulated himself on I his good fortune in not coming bump against a tree. Just fancy a man about forty-five years of age, and about six feet six inches high, with hair standing on end, barefooted and bareheaded, clearing huge logs and other obstructions as if the Arch-fiend himself were at his heels, from sheer terror from a ghost, and you have a faithful picture of the man on Friday night. At Clarendon, a party of mon of undoubted bravery is organisin" to challenge the ghost at his haunt, and they propose to furnish themselves with firearms in case of meeting tangible resistance. Should the scheme be carried out, I may have to tell you before long of more coaverts to the new faith." 