.3Rtystei|-, $(mt% fa. ? ♦? ? TWO GHOSTS. [BY FLORENCE MARRYAT (DAUGHTER OF * CAPTAIN MARRYAT, THE NOVELIST). I have never seen a ghost, although I have! always entertained a great respect for them, and a strong desire to cultivate their personal acquaintance ; indeed, I may say I have courted it, though hitherto without any signal success. Yet from the time when, as a child, 1 listened open-mouthed to the superstitious reve lations of my nurse, or, as a girl, watched by night in anxious expectation of the reappearance of companions whom. I had lost by death, to the present hour when the rough handling of the w-5rld leaves me slight leisure for speculative thought, the supernatural has always held great charms for me ; and I have never pre sumed to disbelieve what I have no power to disprove. Of course I am well laughed at for my credulity. People who would rush shrieking from their rooms if they heard the scratchingof amouse behind the wainscot shake their heads compassionately if I venture to air my unpopular notions in their presence, and. refuse to credit me with any faith in my own assertion ; whilst others, too thick-headed to pene trate even the finer sympathies of this life, affirm stoutly that a woman of sense should be above giving vent to such opinions, and that it is perfectly incre dible that any one should really believe such utter nonsense. How can I refute such conclusive arguments ? That I \- firmly believe the inhabitants of another world are permitted to visit this, I will not say, because I have never had ocular proof of such a circumstance ; but at the same time I have received such unanswer able testimony of the fact from the lips of others— trustworthy, sensible, and nearly connected with myself — that to deny the possibility of such visitations were at once to write down some of my dearest friends ! as fools or liars. And therefore I maintain the middle course, by be lieving that the spiritual is far nearer the j temporal sphere than most of us imagine ; i and that there are more things in this world than are dreamt of in our philo-.j spphy. Numerous anecdotes rise up in i my memory as I make this assertion ; but ', my space is limited, and I choose but i ?*two — two strictly true and well authen ticated. At the same time, whilst 1 pre serve all details and coincidences in j which the mystery of these stories con sists, I carefully hide the names of per- ! sons and places, lest by negligence in this respect, I should wound the feelings of survivors. And as to dates, it is suffi cient to say that they are no time-worn fables, handed down from one ear to another ; but circumstances which hap pened in this modern nineteenth century to actors of the present generation, and in the very midst of the rapid inarch of civilization and enlightenment which has, in most cases, scattered superstition to the winds. A near relation of mine (let us say a sister) was staying with a friend, a Mrs. « liong, during the absence of her husband. The place at which she was visiting, a large country-house surrounded by a fine park, was situated in Scotland, and the husband of her hostess had gone to Edin burgh on business, by which he expected to be detained for two or three weeks. One afternoon, as my sister was sitting alone, Mrs. Long entered the room with an air of great perturbation, declaring that the strangest thing possible had just occurred to her. She had been taking a solitary ramble in the park, which was sarrounded by a high fence and deep ditch, when she saw, from some dis tance off, her husband riding on horse back along the road. Surprised to see him at all, and particularly in that situation, yet quite certain that it was himself, she stood on some risine around to watch his approach, which had been suc cessfully accomplished until he drew near the park ; when, instead of turning into the drive, which was the longest way to the house, he suddenly checked his horse and put him at the palings. She had seen the animal rise in obedience to the spur, clear the fence ; but jumping short of the ditch beyond it, fall with her husband under him. But when, with a cry of dismay, she had rushed up to the assistance of the struggling horse and rider, she had found — nothing ! The whole vision had passed away, and there was only a high park fence and a quiet ditch lying before her. Mrs. Long was very agitated whilst relating this occur rence She did not imagine it fore boded any ill to her husband, to whom she was mueh attached ; but she fancied her own sight or mind must.be disordered ; and it was some time before my sister could soothe her alarm, and make her view it in what she con sidered a more reasonable light. But by the evening Mrs. Long was quite herself again, and wrote off a cheerful account of the proceedings to her husband. Two days after, however, the same thing hap pened over again ; precisely the same thing, as to time, place, and circum stances. Sirs. Long, walking in the park, and perhaps attracted to the spot on account of her former alarm, watched her husband approach on horseback from a distance ; make a3 though he would enter by the drive, and then, apparently .changing liis mind, put his horse at the .palings, and be crushed beneath the fallen ?struggling animal. As in the foxier case, irresistibly she ran up to his aid ; as in the former case, the whole picture, as though by magic, disappeared. This time Mrs. Long was seriously frightened. She did not fear that the vision portended her husband's death ; but she so far accepted it as a foreboding, that she wrote to Edinburgh, entreating Mr. Long on no account to return on horseback ; a warning which seemed very unnecessary, as he invariably went backwards and for wards by train. But that epistle, as it afterwards appeared, never reached the hand for which it was intended. On the succeeding day she received a few lines from her husband, to say he should be at home that evening ; and on the same afternoon she took my sister into the park, to show her the exact spot where she had twice experienced so mysterious a fright. They talked of presentiments and warnings on the way ; but Mrs.: Long was so happy in the anticipation of her husband's speedy return, that, she was conversing without any appearance of timidity upon the subject, when, as they came to the rising ground before mentioned, she raised her eyes, changed color, and suddenly arrested her foot steps. 'Helen!' she exclaimed, men tioning my sister's name. 'Look! — look out there ! I see the same thing again ! ' My sister glanced in the direc tion intimated to her, and there, sure enough, she also saw the spectacle of a man riding on horseback along the turn pike-road, and apparently making for her friend's abode, but still too far off to be distinctly recognised. i( My dear Mary,' she replied, 'that may be anyone — a farmer or a servant. I see no marks by which to distinguish your husband.' But Mrs. Long did not answer her ; she was staring at the fast- approaching rider, and mv sist.Hr was fascinated, bv what she had heard, to watch with her in silence. On, on he came, just as had been de scribed to her, in a quick canter, as though anxious to reach his home, until he had arrived at the drive gates, and was about to enter them. Then he seemed to change his mind, to form a sudden wish to reach wife and children a few minutes earlier ; and backing his horse, spurred him at the palings. At this juncture Mrs. Long grasped my sister's arm, but she did not speak, and they continued to gaze silently at this apparition, so strangely revealed to both of them at once. They watched the phantom horse and rider rise above the fence, and then fall heavily into the ditch below, the animal above the man, and struggling violently to get free of him. Firmly believing it was but a repetition of what the wife had viewed twice, before, they yet involuntarily ran up to the spot, when, instead of a myth, a vision, a mere presentiment, which should vanish at a second glance, they found a real horse lying on its side, a real man lying dead beneath him ! Mr. Long, having at the last moment accepted a friend's invitation to stay a night at his place, which lay between his own home and Edinburgh, had also accepted the loan of an animal to carry him for the last few miles — the last miles that he should ever traverse. What faculty in the wife's mind had enabled her to see twice over an act which had not yet entered into the husband's mind' to execute ? My next story will possess more inte rest for most of my readers, because it happened to my father.* He was not usually accounted to have (what the nurses term) ' any buttons short ;' nor was he a particularly nervous or timid man ; yet I have heard what I am about to relate from his own lips. In one of the northern counties of Kngland there stands an estate which I shall call Burn ham Green. It had been for many years in the possession of an old bachelor baronet, Sir Joseph Bell, who had not occupied the house, but had allowed it to fall into decay. When he died, however, the title and place passed to a married cousin, and better days dawned for Burnham Green. Sir Harry and Lady Bell intended to live upon their property, and, with that design, thoroughly repaired and decorated the building and grounds, gave up their residence in London, and moved all their household into Cumberland. Now, Burnham Green, in common with most dilapidated country pLaces, had its 'ghost.' Sir Harry and Lady Bell had heard of it before taking possession, and, like most sensible people, had laughed at the report, and allowed it to make no difference in their plans. Every old house, as a matter of consequence, has its ghost ; and they were not afraid but that light and warmth and children's voices and happy faces would dissipate even the remembrance of theirs. They surrounded Burnham Green with luxury and amusement, filled the house with guests, and never gave the ' ghost ' another thought. But with all their hospitality and kindness they could not succeed in making their new abode attractive to their friends. People who accepted their invitations with alacrity, and thought Burnham Green charming, and themselves scarcely less so, would, after a while, make paltry excuses to curtail their visits, and, with few exceptions, were found shy of being lured down there again. Lady Bell was naturally both hurt and annoyed. She had made her house and grounds every thing that could be desired, and yet her friends refused to share her retirement, or to give her any plausible excuses for not doing so. What could be the reason of it ? Enquiry was made, and then it trainspired that the fashionable visitors had all heard of the ghost, chiefly through the ladies' maids ; that some had even professed to see it, and none couldbe per suaded to remain under the same roof with it any longer. Then Sir Harry and Lady Bell, who had regarded the ghost story as quite unworthy the attention of educated people, were thoroughly vexed, and did all they could to remove the superstition respecting it which hung over the neigh borhood. They disinterred the whole history of the ghost, who went by the name of ' The Lady of Burnham Green,' ana louna tnat it was supposed to be the spirit of one of their ancestresses who had lived in the time of Elizabeth, and been suspected of poisoning her husband, whose picture always hung in one of the unused bedrooms. Lady Bell caused that bed room to be renovated and fitted up in a particularly cheerful manner ; the paint ing of ' the Lady' was cleaned and put in a new frame, and the apartment set in com plete order. But no one could be found to sleep in it. The servants gave warning if it was|simply proposed to them, and vistors invariably requested to have their room changed after the second or third night. Meanwhile, reports of the 'Lady' having been seen in one direction and another where constantly cropping up. Guest after guest took flight to return no more, and Burnham Green was almost deserted. In this dilemma, Sir Harry and Lady Bell applied to my father, who was an old friend of theirs, -for advice how to allay the terrors of their friends. My father disbelieved the tale as much as they did. He found it impossible to j contradict or account for the various re ports which were floating about ; but he J felt quite sure they could be traced to the most natural of causes, and his chief idea was that-some one- to whose interest it had not been ^that Burnham Green should be reinhabited, was playing a trick on its new owners, in hopes of persuading them to quit it again. He requested Sir Harry, therefore, to allow him to occupy the haunted room for a little while, to see if he could unravel the mystery; and accordingly not long afterwards he went on a visit to his friends, and was duly installed in the /'Lady's Chamber,' where he slept peacefully for some nights, taking the precaution, however, never to go to bed without a brace x)f loaded pistols under his pillow. I believe he had been there for a week or more without seeing or hearing anythingj and was thinking of returning home again, when the following incident occurred to him. It was the shooting season, and several young men were staying at Burnham Green ; and in the smoking-room one evening a dis cussion arose on the merits of a certain gun then newly invented, and which was the property of a Mr. Lascelles, a relation of Sir Harry's. Opinions differd on the subject, and arguments ran. rather high ; and after my father had retired for the night, Mr. Lascelles tapped at the door, and begged him to come over to his room and examine the weapon in ques tion,, and convince himself of some trifling fact on which he had thrown discredit. My father had already dis possessed himself of his coat and waist coat v but the hour was much past mid night; it was unlikely they should meet any one ; and so he accompanied his young friend as he was, taking at ?the same time one of his pistols in his hand — 'in case we meet the ghost,' he said jestingly. They crossed the corridor to Mr. Lascelles's room, stood chatting ,for a few minutes, over the virtues of the new gun, and then my father stepped out again into the passage preparatory to re turning to his own apartment. Mr. Las celles still accompanied him — 'just to protect you from the ghost,' he said, in imitation of the former allusion ; for the ghost-story had been well handled and laughed over in the smoking-room. The corridor they had to traverse was long and dark, for the lamps which hung in its deep niches had- been extinguished at midnight ; but as they entered it, they saw a dim light advancing from the far-- ther end — a Ught held by a f e'male figure. ' By Jove !' exclaimed Mr. Lascelles, ' here is one of the ladies going up to the nurseries.' There were a few unsus pecting guests assembled at Burnham Green that autumn, and the rooms in which their little families were located were situated above the storey on which the friends stood. At Mr. Lascelles's remark, my father's sensitive modesty took alarm. He did not fancy meeting a lady to whom he was almost a stranger in the desabille of shirt md trousers ; and, with the design of escaping her notice, he pulled his com panion to one side. The rooms in the corridor were placed opposite each other, and were approached by double doors, | bhe first of which, on being opened, dis- ] closed a small entry and the second door, which led to the bedchamber ? itself. Many persons, on entering their rooms, only closed this second door, leaving the other standing : open ; and thus, when Mr. Lascelles and my father stepped into one of these recesses, they were enabled to shelter themselves behind the half closed portal. There, in the gloom, they crouched together, very much inclined to laugh, I have no doubt, at the situation in which they found themselves ; but ter ribly afraid, lest by a betrayal of their illegal presence they should alarm the occupant of the bedroom before which they stood, or the lady who was advancing to the place of their concealment. Very slowly she advanced, or so it seemed to them ; but they could watch the glimmer of her lamp through the crack of the door ; and presently my father, who had pertinaciously kept his eye there, gave the half -smothered /exclamation — 'Las- celles ! By Jove 1— the Lady! ' He had studied the picture of the supposed appa rition carefully, was intimate with every detail of her dress and appearance, and felt that he could not be mistaken in the red-satin sacque, white stomacher and petticoat, high-standingf rill and cushioned hair of the figure now advancing towards them. ' A splendid * make- up,'' he said beneath his breath ; ' but who ever has done 'it shall find I Tcnow a trick worth two of his.' But Mr. Lascelles said nothine. Imposition or not, he did not like the looks of the Lady of Burn ham Green. On she came, quiet and dignified, looking neither to the right not to the left ; whilst my father cocked his pistol, and stood ready for her. . He ex pected she would pass their placeof hiding, and intended' to pursue and make her speak to him ; but instead of that, the dim light gained the door, and then stood still. Lascelles shuddered. . He was a brave man, but sensitive. Even my father's iron nerves prompted him, to be quiescent. .In another moment the lamp moved oh again, came closer, closer ; and round the half closed door, gazing inqui sitively at them, as though really curious to see who was there, peered the pale face and the cruel eves of the ladv of Burnham Green. Simultaneously my father pushed open the door and con fronted her. She stood before him in the corridor, just as she stood in the picture in his bedroom, but with a smile of mali cious triumph on her face ; and goaded on by her expression, hardly knowing what he did, he raised his pistol and fired full at her. The ball penetrated the door of the room opposite to where they stood ; and with the same smile upon her face, she passed through the panels and disappeared. — Belgravia Annual. 