— ? ?♦. ' ' ? . .' , ' I ; ; Smqo ihis arrival, 'Mr. Mor.tqn.^YSff?' h^8 i appeared- now in,,five ; oharac,ters, yiz.,:-p Kiohelieti, Iago,. Hamlet, Othello, anda'9|r' ?Hdrcourt Courtly1. Jin none of thesehaBhe achieved a pronouriced 'successj although hisiago Ws a carefully; studied, and in some, sort weil-executed performance'^ but while it - ,\vaa carried out faithfully from his point of view, hi JiacKea power, iu kuiuo ui uo ououch in which the wily anoient ; is' thrown into contact with the Moor. . Still as ^r. BCowe's Othelloisjohe of the. finest impersqnatipns of , ? ihe passion of a great nature we have aeen, on ? the Melbourne fitage^ itis doubtful whether.the flinty sardoniciBm j'of Iagb,' as given by Mr. Tayares, was. not a 'bettor Bet-off i to ;/the Othelip than ^ 'an' 'actor with moife warmth of feeling and more pbwor .'of 'oxpressiori1 ^wouldj have. be'en able !|to. afford. ;I'cannpt; but. ? regret ^.thaitl.(^ho..;bther,,,^h^kbpearian!' characters in which Mr. Tavares has appeared have not, ; borne out even the iaint pro mise of hiB Iago. ,,: Nor do they admit of critibiflm. His Hamlet is a crude' lll-digeBt^d performance, the p,ctor being, '.it 'is to be regretted ? fearfully and ^ondorfuUy1 im'pejr feot. Now, in such a Shak8p8aridri city its MoiVinnrn'e. ah aotor 'who trifles withv ithe text of Hamlet dares what no man who I knows the tone of the town would.; essay. Every word, an actor utters in Hamlet at least is watohed with the, keenest Borutiny, and. overyi little . bit of. buBiDess he, lint^o ducoB into his part is coinparecl'yeitli thatlbf a host of iliustnp^s names. As'ilri Tavares \yas not-,perfecii in.the text,' he could iaot be expected. 'tp ^e: 'a^t.ease :6n the Btago, ;nor could1 -hb. be expected' to do justice either to i Shskspeare or to thoso limited powers of dramatio expression with which nature ha3 endowed him.1 Simi lar objections may be urged' against his Othello, which was a greater failure because in the part Mr. Howe, as I have already said, achieved the great success of hia career in Melbourne. , I don't, know whether many of my readers, will remember an, American iaotpr, named M'KeanBpphanan^who played .an engagenipB*' ? ^ $e jR0^?1' 'H!??^-'^''' Cbppin's old 'manageiheric, and .wno could' .really play^ut'bW part ^b'as'-to1 make it' .acceptable to anEnjgliBK audience; That p4rt, ' Strange' tb'^ay,' wa3. Sir Hartfotirb ,Cour-jly, - in liondon Assurance. An.d*4n;cthia^very. part' oiT Tuesday 'evening did-MnTayarea' ahovrMat in due line of 'business at least he has 'pretenaions -to be called! a good actor, ; |HiB Sir Harcourt is a capital piece of high, ?comedy acting, and I ,tru«t, although his en-, 'gagement at the 'Eoyal, terminates, , to-day, s Jthat an ppportunitymay be giyen of seeing jhimina. Bimilarline! often hbef ore he leayes: jthocolpny.t r, ' - . .' . , '.'. '..' -], (,: '.' ?' j During ithe w,eok Mr. ' Howe has played 'the Franchi brothers, in ' the Corsican ;Brothersi ' His conception' ahd exeoutiPn of the Cdrsiean charaoter 'leaves nothing- to ;bo desired. . The1 company ? have not been jidle, and.Mrs. Heir, Misa Juho,^ and Messrs. , jGreville, iDuiuv and. Ireland; all call; fpr, their meed :of praise in .the charaoters they, ?have had, to sustain. v, - ; .'It is. argued by some; of,, Mr. Tayares'. 'friends who- oame with him-, per. ship', from, j England thai; he has, not' been treated fairly by the.' management of. the : Theatre Royal; beoaus'e Mr. Howe was engaged ' to support him*. ' Such a conclusion is obviously absurd aiid ridiculous. -Mr. 'Howe has been re tained as leading man to the theatre for some months, and it is understood in ? every large theatre at home that the stock leading man invariably pby a second 'to stars. ,', Be sides,, who ever'heard before pf a De Mauprat crushing a Richelieu; or. a Ghost interfering with the success pf.a Hamlet ? ? | ' . ; . . They have a dramatic olub at Leyuka, and, writes. a correspondent, this eveningy 12th June, they had their second performance, and spotted1 me to' play their ' Syinpherlu diums.' I agreed on condition that ' I had ti better piano to perform on' than the instru ment at Mantoh's.' 'Oh, yes, this' is afirBt rater, ' so ' I inspected. It didn't look very inviting : i about half the ivories 'Were gone, still it was in fair tune, and: made sufficient row. : So I went off to th,o Wonga for some musip, but didn't use it after I had it. One of the performers had to sing a local song — a skit on- the Government, '..to, the air of The Ghost, and ? was awfully skittish about the accompaniment I soon picked up the air and set his mind at rest about that matter. I also found that another fellow was to sing ^ a little thing — perhaps you have heard it in ; Melbourne. It is to the tune of Should: Auld Acquaintance be Forgot. Theycallit; . Tobias ; and Biancas. I had to act as ' ' full , brass band' to him, , and then to sing a; song myself, , aU of which was posted about the town as, the 'great musical ? interlude.' , The acting .- was rather sticky, but Lazarus (of Melbourne) 'put his ,part . through: in really grand style and brought down the house. We \voro under the ? dis- i tinguished' patronage of the 'British Consu late, the American Consulate ' and Vice-! Consulate; and the1 captain and officers of the' Wonga. i We had a crowded' house. I had to lead off the dance with the grand 'Sympherludium' till tho curtain roBe on; the: firBt , piece. Then I had to usher in tho, afterpiece., Now, I call this a line. Do I rank as a '' distinguished amateur from the provinces?',1 I 'ought 'at least to bo musician to his auguist and sable Majesty Thakbmbau I. Thbapplause wa8 of an emphatio nature ; ih Tirna iionr/1 nA: fi ? —l-'n Vinrinfi nn tVifi Hill The ? folks there at first wondered what on earth was '? up. Didn't 'the darkies stare ! At every crevice, open windpw.br door then} queer wool was, to be ; Been. .They couldn't quite make - it out. They , knew some fun was afloat, and they understood, tho music well enough. It was one of the rosiest larks Ijwaseyer in. ? ( .; ?, :- t ^ . ..;, . ,,', ' ' Amongst other entertainments during next week will be the re-appearance' of JMr: Cptterell,. the, exceedingly talented mimic 'and ' delineator; of: ' characcer.;. Indeed,1 iiji Bomb respects, this may be' regarded as the first appearance in Melbourne of this clover humpriBt,' for when he performed here before he was insufficiently announced, land: suffered , from, other: disadvantages, i ? Since. then he . has viBitcd tyvo of the neighboring colonies, and wherever , he haa been , he has . always been high^ljT/ successfuji; especially, with , the more ,intelligen;b, .clasBes-; and I predict' for Mr. Cb]tterefi a still larger measure of sue- ' cess in Europe.'1 Hia ' Entertainment' ' ib ' entitled' '' Quiz, or Faces and'Fancies;' and ' .'it ' will be' ' prfeaented' for thp' first : time ?' on ? Tuesday', inStl George's Hall. ';; / ?' '?- ' j ;' By the next' mdil there will be a largo exodus '6f ptbf osBionals to India. The same steamer will convey Mr. Lewis' and his com-, ?pany (cdnBiBtirig, as far as I know, of. Mrs. LewiB, ; Julia Edouin, Appleton, ,T. Andrews, Jenny j Brice, ;T- Lewis^ and Bennett ) Hel iler andjpur ,pwn; ,pldi friead John. Smith, pne of the managers: of the. opera compay, Signora Coy;' Signor 6r«idi, and the cqhduotor, Sig'-' npr [ Marzorati.' , The: , 'Heathen Chinee f would have a1 good time on that shipj if his ? 