A SCENE AT A COUNCIL. The difficulties of the Hotham Borough Council seem to be increasing. For some months put they have been puzzled by the appearance of fin extra-councillor at their table. Now it has been the member for one ward, and then the member for another. Councillors, after election, have been told (hat they had no right to sit, and in one or two instances have resigned, and gone back and been re-elected. But the extra coun cillor persists in cropping up, like Banquo'B ghost, an uninvited guest at the council table. On a recent occasion a quasi- compro JQlse was arrived at, and by consent the opinion of Mr Higinbotham was taken. It was not to be ex pected, of course, that municipal councillors, when asking the opinion of -counsel, were ab ruptly to sasrifice all their preconceived opinions in regard to the case submitted, based as they were upon a careful consideration of the manifold acts governing the question. One councillor . discovered that the question at isBue had not really been submitted to Mr. Higinbotham, and with logical profundity suggested that possibly that gen tleman's conclusions had sprung from a foundation of itself shaky. The correctness of this view was at once acknowledged, and another opinion was submitted to Mr. Higinbotham. The result of the second submission was a discovery by a councillor holding an opposite point of view, that an opinion had again been obtained from Mr. Highinbotham while certain material facts had been withheld from him. In the meantime the multitudinous council sat like the old man of the sea upon the shoulders of Hotham ratepayers. An anxious burgess, impressed with the ne cessity of seeing his municipal governing body in a proper condition, recently applied to the Supreme Court with a view to have matters put on a proper footing. This seems to have had some indirect effect, and on Monday matters culminated in a way which will probaly lead to a settlement of the whole question. When the council had met, the first business was the reading of the minutes of the annual meeting, and imme diately upon their being produced their correct ness was challenged. The Mayor first called atten tion to the fact that at his recent election the name of a gentleman mentioned in the minutes was an error in fact, because the gentleman referred to had not been present. A difference of opinion arose upon this, and one councillor made a formal motion that the name of the questioned member of the body should be added to the minutes. A question of dignity arose at tMs point, and the moving councillor offered to compromise the matter by asking that "Mr." only should be interpolated instead of " Councillor. " The Mayor did not seem to tMnk that the distinction made any difference, and refused to put the motion. The act was read to him, quoted, and in fact avalanched at him, but he still remained obdurate, and ultimately, after several of the councillors had left, vacated the chair, saying that the meeting was dissolved in consequence of there being no quorum. After the retirement of the Mayor, councillors looked at each other silently, and interested ratepayers outside of (he bar formed in oonclaves bo discuss the difficulty. A mysterious communication from outside with drew the council officer, and immediately after-- wards the gas 'went out. The Mayor had resolved that the ratepayers' money should not be spent on an expenditure of 8 when there was no prospect of a corresponding benefit. Those who remained, however, would .not consent to accept this move as checkmate, and 2s. 6d. 'was immediately disbursed for the purchase of candles. When the candles were produced (of which three only V®1®. lit) the dim obscure revealed a crowd of anxious ratepayers, four stern councillors, and ®P - getic town officer, who had executed the orders o t the Mayor in turning off the gas. The the temporary darkness, however, was to throw a subdued spirit over all, and, in solemn silence, by struggling candle%ht,tt|i formal was drawn hp to secure a meeting ; put accounts " as powttMMdfismen J t"" ' y 