TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1871. -o THE journals of the day, and the conversation of almost all circles in whioh mental culture is an object of pursuit, abound in allusions and discussions ou tho tendencies of modern science in relation to the common beliefs of mankind. Arguments and speculations of a sort that used, in former generations, to be entered upon only by philosophers-exempt from the cares of ordinary life and devoted to abstrusa studies-are now made the subjects of every day table-talk. Son?© minds, impatient of. change, because they habitually fix their attention on the anomalios and solf-oontradictions to be found in the current opinions of their fellow-men, anticipate and invoke a thorough revolution in tho sentiments of tho human race;-others dread that freedom of discussion which will not be debarred, by reverence for what is commonly deemed sacred, from criticizing any subject whatever. Minds of the latter class fear lest tho foundations of existing society should bo overturned, and lest the hopes of a future state, with all the consola- tions they afford, should bo swept away by tho unrestricted habits of invos iga tion \ihioh the recent triumphs of natural science have engendered. Soma of the former are apt to meet these apprehensions by the retort that tho sooner the traditional ideas whioh those they despite are so anxiously but vainly endeavouring to guard from tho con- tact of free thought-are swept into nothing- ness, EO that wo may start anew in pursuit of truth, the better for mankind. From the playground, or even from the nursery, to tho senate of thc wisest, groundless fears always provoke ironical alarms. If some children will believe in ghosts and bogies, others will bo found ready to terrify them by grave narratives of supernatural appearances. And as long as grown men per- sist in seeing danger to their sacred shrines in soientiiio speculation, there will not be want- ing ingenious theorists to vex thom with threatening conjectures. But tho supposition that those who are honestly and labouriously seeking truth in different directions can by so doing damage one another, or prevent the attainment of truth, is ona of the most unreasonable alarms over raised in the human mind. Every band of inquirers, whatever the subject to which they devote their energies, may indeed hesitate before receiving all the conclusions pressed on their acceptance by those who have carried out their investigations in other directions, and by other means. For " 'tis common proof," that on ?ome points men are generally unwilling to Vnna.»v- truth. Truth that would mako us conscious of our u"" *,ennta. and force from US tao ao&uunlcdgujcub; that wo baa DCCH uuiu ated by wrong motives or blinded by prejudice, is naturally unwelcome. Even if the only objection to a proposition - that is supported by sound argument be that it would, if received, involve the necessity of mental labour in oorrecting (ho ill- oonsidered notions that are inconsistent with it ; that is a motive strong enough, with some minds, to induce them to resist the evidence in favour of such a proposition. Whether, therefore, wo aro weighing the claims made on oar belief in behalf of new theories or of old dogmas, we do well to watch against the misleading influence of prejudices, and to demand ef our- selves, as well as of others, patient and pro- longed thought. But this reasonable caution is quite n different thing from the dread of any possible consequences of a discovery of tho truth. When evidence, and sound argument, point to- ft certain conclusion it may bo right and necessary to test tho evidence and argument again and again, lest there should be some flaw in them; but it is - always foolish and wrong to draw back from a conclusion sus- tained by adequato reasons, merely beoauso of apprehensions as to what it may lead to. Those who loyally follow truth need have no fear lost truth on any subject should ever lead them astray. If received opinions on any point are wrong, the sooner the light of truth is lot in upon them, to destroy thom, tho better. It is always refreshing to moot with modesty combined with tho boldness of candour, in tho expression of opinion on suoh topics. And wo commend to our readers the subjoined remarks of Professor Tyndall, in his "Frag- ments of Soienco," a review of wbich appeared in yesterday's Empire. Ho says :-" But while 1 thus moko the large>t demand for freedom of investigation,-while I as a man of ecionce feol a natural pride in scientific achievement, while I regard soionoe as the most powerful instrument of intellectual oui ture, os well as the most powerful ministrant to the material wants of men ; if yon ask me whether soienco bas solved, or is likely in our day to solve the problem of this universe; I must shako my head in doubt. You remember the first Napoleon's question, when the savants who accompanied him to Egypt discussed in his presence the origin of the universe, and solved it to their own apparent Batisfaotion. He looked aloft to the starry heavens,and said, 'It is all very well, gentle- men j but who made all these ?' That ques- tion still romains unanswered ; and' soienoo makes no attempt to answer it. AB far as I can see, thero is no quality in tho human intelleot which is fit to be applied to the solu- tion of the problem. It entirely transcends ns. Tho mind of man may be compared to a musical instrument with a certain ranga of notes, beyond wbioh in both directions wo have an infinitude of silence Tho phenomena of matter and force lio within our intellectual range ; and as far BB they reach vo will at all hazards push our inquiries. But bohind, and above, and around all, thc real mystery of this universe lies unsolved, and as far as we are concerned is incapable of solution." Where thero ia this acknowledgment of the limit which thc intelleot of man cannot pass, no honest pushing of inquirios after truth within that limit can ever lead away from other tru'h. Tho Professor, in the words quoted, states as a conclusion of reasoning based on an examination of the triumphs of modern soienco, the samo result as was expressed by Zopbar and Elihu, for the in- struction of their afflicted friend, Job, and recorded in the most ancient of all philosophi- cal treatises : " Oanst thou, by searching, find out God ? Canst thou find out the Almighty unto perfection ? Touching tb« Almighty, we cannot find Him out. He is excellent in power and in judgment, and in plenty of justice." From a source above mun's intel- lect, according to all these three thinkers, must our knowledge of this universe ' be deceived. Speaking further of that hypothesis of evolution which has been regarded as peculiarly offensive, Professor Tyndall says :-'* I do not think that this hypothesis is to be flouted away contemptuously ; I do not think it is to be denounced as wicked.Its existence in the mind is quito compatible with the simultaneous existence of all those virtues to which the term Christian has been applied. It does not solve, it does not profess to solve, the ultimate mystery of this universe. It leaves in fact that mystery untouched. i Those who hold the doctrine of Evolution are by no means ignorant of the uncertainty of their data ; and they yield no more to it' than a provisional assent. . Tho know the limits I beyond which Bcienoe ceases to be strong. I They best know that questions offer thom I selves to thought, which science, as now Drose outed, Bas not even the tendency to solve. They keep such questions open ; and will tolerate any unnecessary limitation of the horizon of their souls." And why Bhould any one, on the ground that he is confident of knowing the truth in regard to certain subjects, desire to have a limit fixed to the horizon of other men's souls, a limit beyond whioh they are to be forbidden to look ? What can be more inconsistent with the faith that a Seing of infinite goodness upholds amd rules the universe, than the desire to check inquiry into any part of His works and ways, and the fear that laborious researches after truth oan ever load to damaging discoveries? Those to whom truth is precious will ever be ready to greet with cordial sympathy any candid and patient inquirer- whatever field of investigation ho may have chosen. SUPREME OODBT.-Business for To-Doy.-Master's Office, at 10.30 : Hughes v. Ford and others, taxation; Watson v. Lindsay, to consider order, OniOKET.-On last Saturday afternoon a match was played on Mooro Park, between St. James's O. O. and the Boya! Alfred C. G., which resulted in a viotory for the former by five rans. S TD REV INFTRMABT.'-Keport for the week ending 23rd October, 1871 :-Admitted, 17 males, 14 ferr ales ; total, 31. Discharged, ll males, 13 females ; total, 24. Died, 3 males, 3 females ; total. 6. Remalni ag in house, 151 males, 79 females ; total, 230. Subcriptiona. &o.;, received, L25 8s. MR. T. S. MOST.-Tho public will be grieved to hear that the illness of this gentleman has taken a very un ! satisfactory turn, and that his physicians report his having passed a very bad night. The following waa posted at the Exchange yesterday morning :-" Mr. Mort is very much worse this morning ; he has had a very bad night." We regret to say that wo could not learn late last evening that any chango for the better had taken place. SUNDAY BREAKFASTS POR THE Poon.-On Sunday last there were lil persons, 104 men and 7 women, at the free breakfast given in the Temperance Hull. An unusually large proportion of thom seemed to be old mon wh¿ ippearâuceTndïca?o"â^lk^ j new start, and by perseverance and sobriety work out ! the problem of lifo successfully yet. Many of these people must suffer great privations during the week ; but to bo entertained as welcome guests even for an hour, with plenty to eat and drink, and cheering words from friends who seek their good is like a gleam of sunshine amid the olouóVof an anxious and gloomy life. ACCIDENT TO DB. HAMILTON.-An accident occurred to Dr. Hamilton, at the corner ot Qeorge-itrest and i Qaoen'a-placo ; but, fortunately, lt was not attended by very aérions results. It appears that the vshiole whioh Dr. Hamilton was using on thia oocasion hod no breaks ; and that, as it was being driven down Church hill the reins broke, and the horse ran away. The coachman was unable to govern the animal, whioh, bolting across George-street, brought the vehiole violently in contact with the kerbing and a post, and overturned and smashed it. Dr. Hamilton was thrown very heavily to the ground ; but beyond receiving a severe shook to his system, we are glad to say waa not .erioualy injured. The coachman appeared to have sustained severe injuries ; but he has somewhat re- covered from them. Professional aid was immediately rendered to Dr. Hamilton, and there is every likeli- hood that in a fow.days tho effeota of tho aocident will bo removed. _ Tna Riv. DB. LANG,-Among the notices'of motion in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, on Wednesday last is the following, as reported in the Melbourne Argus of Thursday last :-" Mr. Macgregor gave notice that ho would, next day, move that this House will to-morrow resolve itself into a committco of tho whole for the purpoae of considering the propriety of present- ing an address to hia Excellency the Governor, praying that there may bo placed upon a supplementary esti- mate for the present financial year the aura of L2000 as a gratuity to Dr. John Dunmore Lang, formerly a member for Port Phillip in the Legislative Council of Kow South Wales, in recognition of his aervioea in sean ring the separation of this colony from that of Now South Wah». " ! THE LATE HORSEWHIPPING OASE IK MELBOURNE. The horsewhipping case, in which William VUleneuvo Smith, barrlstor, sought to have Andrew Armstrong, of Alexandra, bound over to keep the peace, was heard at the City Court yesterday. Mr. Smith conducted tho prosecution himself, and Mr. Davis appeared for Arm. strong. Mr. Smith said ho was not bringing tho pro- secution in a vindictive spirit, but with a viow to tho defendant being ordered to find substantial securities aa a protection against a repetition of what, under tho circumstances, was one of tho most disgusting and ruffianly outrages ever committed on man. - A letter printed in tho Argus as from the defondant had, ho said, been concocted in Kilmore, the defendant being illiterate and unable to write it. After speaking soma time in this strain, ho said that the defendant waa brother-in-law to Mr. Akehurst, the police magistrate, and that it was notorious, though ho did not say it offensively, that the police would havo treated any common miner or other man differently had such miner or other man been tho offender. He was, however, making a formal application for st board of inquiry into tho manner in which tho police had acted . in this matter, and would provo what he said. He said further, also, not intending to be offensive, that every obstacle that could possibly be thrown in his "way had been thrown in his way by the polioo and the Benoh in this ease, and it was a disgrace to any civilized country that any offence committed on tho 4th of the month should be only before the Court on the 18th. The Bench, however, might be able to explain what appeared inexplicable to him. He eon tended that the Bonah, upon the information laid, oould not only require the defendant to find securities for his good behaviour, but could also deal with the charge of assault, but tho Bench decided that the information only applied to the finding of sureties. Mr. Smith then called Captain Dane, who described tho whipping given to Mr. Smith by tko defendant " under the verandah," In CoUins-streot, substantially os desoribod in the Argus on tho 6th instant. After tho castigation, Captain Dane heard the defendant say, " I'U learn you to toll Bes about mo," and beard nothing oise said. The defendant admitted tho assault, but said ho had . provocation. As a lady's name was mixed up in the case, ' it waB not thought advisable to call witnesses. He had heard that certain reports had been circulated by Smith very injurious to his (defendant's) character, and that ho asked for an explanation, whereupon Mr. Smith called him a scoundrel. He then Btruck bim, but never threatened defendant's lifo, and did not intend to attack him again unless ho continued spread- ing such roports. If his" and Mr. Smith's choraoter were laid side by side, the Benoh would see which was tho blackest. Tho Bench ordored tho defondant to find two sureties in L100 each that he would keep tho pcaco for twelve months' but had no power to give costs. If Mr. Smith wanted to bring; tho charge of assault in another Bhape, bo must toko out a summons. Mr. Smith explained that fear of a repetition of tho offence was very distinct from personal bodily fear. Persons might fear having to uso tho bowio knife and rovslvcr, bat that was difforant from bodily fear. Tho defend- ant found tho sureties, and a summons, charging him with assault, has been issued, returnable on Friday next.-Argus, October 19. 