WARDEN'S COURT. Tuesday, 25tli July. (Bofo're Mr. Warden Cogtloii.) Kendle v. Edwards.—An action to bo put in possession of a quartz claim situated on Sarnia and Laurence reefs, forfeited. Thero being no evidence of forfeiture, the case w,i3 dismissed. There were other eases—that of Kendall v. Edwards, Francis v. Schwartz and Francis v. Schwartz. The first case was withdrawn, applicant paying L2 2s. costs and the others were adjourned until tho 22nd August. Francis v. Sutton.—An application to be put in possession of jv lease on tho Crown Reef, alleged to bo abiwidnned. Evidence of forfeiture having been given, possession was ordered. Lewis v. Way and othors.—An application to be put in possession of a quartz claim on the New Zealand Reef, abandoned. This case was adjourned until the 1st August. Robinson v. Rowe and others.—An appli cation to be put in possesaion of a claim on the Wallaby Reef, alleged to be abandoned. Tins was adjourned to tho 1st August, to allow of substituted service. aUOW OI BUuauuutuu oumiwv. Robinson v. Smith and others.—An appli cation to be put in possessu in of a certain quartz claim on the Wallaby Reef, alleged to be abandoned. The abandonment wm adjudged, and possession ordered. The ap plication of Robinson v. Williamson, similar to the above, was adjourned to the 1st August, with L2 2s. costs againut defendant. A similar application of Robinson v. Abbott and others was ordered to stand over until the 1st of August, in order to allow of sub stituted service. Mitchell v. Fisher and others.— An ap plication to be put in possession of a certain portion of a quartz prospecting claim, Sleep ing Beauty reef, alleged to be abandoned. Mr. Brown appeared for applicant. Mr. Rymer, for defendant, submLted that the summons served on his clieit, ordered him to appear in the year IS—. Tie Warden amended the summons. Tiio )iospectin;; claim had been taken up in 1805. Evidence' was given by Mr. Forbes, minin; surveyor, Mr. Stephen, registrar, Edwari Mitchell, and oth«r3, that the claim hadbeen aban doned. As a' defendant, Mowle-, had not been served to the satisfaction of the court, the case was adjourned until the -st August, with LI Is. costs for defendant. Lease Inquiries.—The follonng applica tion for leases were directed to fe forwarded to the Minister of Mines;—J. Jell, 10a. or. 16p., Doctor's Gully; F. Madox, '22a. 2r. 13p., Overcoat Company, "Wison's Reef, Marong; Jacob Colin, Spring Glly, 20a. 3r. 31p.; Alexander Kennedy, 20.. Or. (ip., Sebastian; T. jST. Hensliall, 8a Or. 3-lp., Wilson's Reef, Marong; M. Howard, 8a. 2r. 25p., Tyson's Reef, for Cycops Com pany; S. Robins, la. 3r. 37p., Quirry Hill. F. Schoenfeldt applied for the lease of 2 roods, Bendigo Flat. Mr. Ryner for ap plicant, and Mr. Strickland for tin objector. The objection was that the lease iicluded a road for which the Cosmopolitan Company held a permit to mine under. The plan submitted by Mr. Forbes showed no road. Mr. Strickland, after the Warden bad said he had not proved his objection, ;uked the Warden to recommend the least to bo refused, as there was not enough grmnd for, them to work, being only a few yarls widei The Warden stated the lawyers would receive a copy of his recommoiidat.on. T.l Jacobs applied for la. 2r. 21p., Bendigo) Flat. J. D. Yahland objected. Mr. Strick land appeared for the objector—objection, that the ground was occupied under a minor': right. The lease was recommended, snhjec to the excision of all objector's property; costs. L2 2s. J. Scaddon applied for 4a. Or. 30|>., on the Tyson's reef. To this application Air. C. Flood objected. For applicant, Mr. Striek land; for objector, Mr. "Wrixou. The objec tion was that a portion of the ground was hold by objector under miner's right. Recom-i mended to be granted, with the excision oj the miner's right claim. Accident to the Rev. W. R. PLixciiEK. —Intelligence has been received to tie eliectt that the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, who eft Mel-| bourne a short timo ago to go hoitc by the Californian route, has met with ai accident on tlio Great Pacific Railway. Jt appears, (states the Geclong Advertiser) he was walk ing along a platform outside one of the car-; riages when the train gave a jolt, and he was thrown over the balustrade. He broke a limb in the fall; but, by the last accounts was progressing favorably under the care of the Mormons, near whose city the accident occurred. The Burnt Bridge Ghost.—The local correspondent of the Ballarai Star writes to that paper:—" The public knows already how it fared with the bold adventurers who dis turbed his ghostship of Burnt Bridge; how, like Tam O'Shanter's Meg, they ran ' to win the keystone of the brig,' snd how the bravest man amongst them all has betaken himself to prayer ever since. In connection with this subject the following is the latest out. Rising early, before daylight, to feed his horses, Mr. Campbell's ploughman paid a visit to the haunted brick house to get some hay. Before he had time to strike a light or bless himself, he heard directly-under his feet un earthly moaning and groaning, as of persons smothering, and, forgetting that ' words and signs have power o'er sprites i 11 planetary hour,' struck a light, and dispensing with words and signs, tried the magic of a pitch fork. A few probes had the desired elicit; the hay was in motion, and instantly were heard, in true nautical style, two gruff voices shouting. 'All aboard.' They were those of two runaway sailors, 'who lodged with the ghost for the night." Melancholy Suicide at Ballauat.—We regret to have announce the death of -Mr. Charles Codlin, of Sturt-street, a very old resident in Ballarat, which event took place —at present it is difficult to ascertain exactly when—under the most painful circumstances. There can be little doubt that ho was the victim of self-destruction. For some time past the deceased was known to be in a very desponding state of mind. Ho labored under the hallucination that he was a ruined man, and only fit to be the inmate of a hospital or some charitable institution. Ho was moody in his manner, and given to lonely rambles, but there did not appear to be any likelihood of his doing violence to himself, which probably accounts for his friends not having taken the necessary precautions to guard against such an eventuality. He left his house on Thursday morning last, and on Saturday forenoon his body was found float ing in Lake "Wendouree, close by the landing stage of the Botanical Gardens, with the throat cut. He was first seen entering the gardens on Thursday—the; last time it is pro bable he was seen alive, though several gentlemen assert they saw him subsequently; one-Mr. Muir, of Raglan-street, stating that he met him on Saturday morning at half past nine o'clock, walking in a gloomy state past the railings of St. Patrick's Church, in the direction ofLowther bazaar. It is, how ever, said the body, when found, gave indications of having bf3en for some days in the water. It was first observed by a young girl named Williams, a relative of Mr. Longley, the curator; and information having been at once given to the police at the Swamp station, Constable Haddon proceeded to the spot, and, with tho assistance of one of the gardeners, drew the body from the water. A large gash, evidently intiicied by a razor or some such instrument, was found on the right side of the thro,at, which did not, however injure the windpipe. A razor-case was picked up near the jetty, but the instru ment, with which the wound was inflicted has not yet been found, though the water in the vicinity has been carefully dragged, and Mrs. Codlin missed that used by the deceased on Friday evening, and endeavored at once to ascertain the whereabouts of herltuahatid, but without avail. ■ There seems to be little doubt that the unfornate man, after haying attempted tb cut his throat, either threw himself or fell jnto the lake." • ijhe body was conveyed to tho Southern. Cross, .hotel, where it awaits the inquest. 