SCRAPS.-By On SPoIoT. Owing to some misuederstanding on the part of the Iawthorn Grammar School Club, their teamn did not turn up on Saturday to play the East Melbourue Club; blt those who did joined them in a scratch malch, and ad plenty of exercise and fun. There were soime of the fair sex from Kew witnessing the match. The School club is toplay on Saturday, hlut with whom I coiuld not learn. What is the Hawthorn Cricket Club about? as I have not heard of it having any meeting oni the subject of commencing the season. Every other club has done so, and why has not it? I have heard a little grpmlbling about tlhe alfair; and there has been no return about the concert. The public pay, and they like to know the state of nlulirs. I visited the ground last week, and finl that it will be some time before they will be able to pilay, if at all this season, as they woere so late in sawving the seed; T think it would be wise onl the part of' tie club to eodeavour to secure the old groind in O'Shaniassy's paddock, Kew, as it only wants a heavy roller on it to make it playable. I hear we are to have i Turf Exchange in our great suburb, over which Titus and his boy are" to rule supreme. It is to be in that spot where men are wont to congregate, the corner pon?i near the Standard onfice. The saying in ImHawthorn during the last week is not" Have you seeoon the ghost?" but " lave you seen 1Baker's big ox?" Those who have not should see it in his shop to-day. The cap evidently fitted Pippo, as lie feels sore about it. IIe isquite right in saying I do not In derstand should he writes about. I ulnlst confess I do not always. I deny hlis soft impeachment, that I imake hiim it subject to fill up spaeo. Maly lie -ever rest! I shall he most happy to meet hin at anlly time or place he may think fit. The IIobson's Bay Railwlay Sea- batlhing Company is ,lo in a very flourishing condition at present, and the shareholders on Wedni?day l had under consi deration the advisability of disposing with the p ro perty and winding up. A pretty general opinion was, hwee, however, expressed tlit if tihe llobsoll', Bay liailway Company could be induced to malie soime concessionis, it would be possible to carry on opera tiins with a good prospect of success. Ultimately, the directors were requested to wait upon the rail way authorities and ascertain if more favourable terms coeld be obtained. As Ministers anticipate that Parliament will ad journ during the first week of November, they in mated to Mlr. ltobertson that they hope to be able to attend the tlve-shilling dinner at the Tovwn-hall on the 13th oft that month. The arrangcemients for the course of lectures ini ail of the Caxton Coimiiemilonraiou fund are now complete. The lectures, four in numIiber, are to take place at inltervals of a furtuight, commncucilg on MOonday, November 6, and they will lie deliveed in the following ordcr :-vu November C, by the Rev. Charles Clark, on " Oliver Goldsmith ;" on Noevember 20, by Professor M'Coy on "lr. grcssiro Development ;" on Dal)ceubeir 4, by :o hion. C. Gavan Dull)', on a subject hereafter to be announced ; and onil December 19, by Mr. An thnll 'l'rollope, onl "Modern ilction as ita Rational A?alseimenut." 