I St. Andrew's Cathedral. I THE Metropolitan Cathedral of the Australasian Dio I cese, is situated in George-street, Sydney. Its dimen sions are as follows :-External leneth, east to west, 178 ft ; (length transept, north to south, 116 ft ; inter nally, length of nave, from western door to entrance of choir, 106 ft ; from the latter to its eastern wall, 52 ft, breadth of nave and adjoining aisles, 62 ft, and of the choir within the screens, 37 ft, height of the two western towers 116 ft; the eastern tower, 84 ft ; the roof 64 ft. These dimensions, for a cathedral, are small, hut the building is as a whole, undoubtedly the finest ecclesias tical structure in Australasia. The foundation stone of a church was laid on the spot where St. Andrew's Cathedral now stands so long ago as "Macquarie's time." And although tho whole popu lation of the colony at that period was only a fow thousands it is remarkable that tho building then designed was much larger than the edifice whose con struction wa3 commenced nearly twenty years later, and which oven now is not complete in all its details. Macquarie's era was ono of great expectations in tho building line, but in the case of St. Andrew's nothing bevond laying the foundation was done. The foundation stone of the pedifice shown in tho accompanying engraving was laid by Sir liichard Bourke, then Governor of New South Wales, on tho 10 th May 1S37, during the Episcopacy of tho lato Bishop Broughton, whoso name and then designation (before tho creation of tho Metropolitan Bishopric) are inscribed on tho north pillar next to tho communion railing. Owing, however, to tho depressed state bf tho colony in some of the following years, little progress was made in the work until the year 1S16, when the present building committee was formed, by whoso zeal and energy tho cathedral has been brought to its present state. There are six pillars in the nave which bear the name and designation, respectively, of the then Metropolitan and Suffragan Bishops, in commemoration of their meeting in this diocese, in conference, in tho year 1850. Thoy aro in order as follows :-William Grant Brough ton, Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan; George Augustus Selwyn, Bishop of New Zealand; Francis Bussell Nixon, Bishop of Tasmania : Augustus Short, Bishop of Adelaide; Charles Perry, Bishop of Mel bourne ; and William Tyrrell, Bishop of Newcastle. I Tho stained-glass*windows oro twenty-four in num I ber, below tho clerestory, and ore with throe exceptions the gifts of individuals, and for the most part executed in tho highest style of modern art, Tho southern windows, numbered 7, 8, 9, and 10, represent tbo miraoles oC our Saviour. The northern, Nos. 15,16, 17 and 18, aro illustrative of our Lord's parables. The western, Nos. ll, 13, and 14, represent His transfigura tion, baptism, and temptation. The subject of the two east windows are tho last supper, and the resurrection. Those of the north windows in the {choir are events in our Saviour's life before His ministry ; while the ?windows opposite thoso are devoted to the events after the crucifixion. Thus, a connected series of illustra tions is given-in designs, moreover, which harmonize in character with each other. Of the three large windows, the western represents the apostles and apostolic men. Simon,. James tho Less, Andrew, Barnabas, Matthias, and Jude, in the upper row; Thomas, James, John the Baptist, Stephen, Philip, and Bartholomew, in tho middle row ; Peter, Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, and Paul, in tho lower. This beautiful window is the gift of Thomas S. Mort, Esq., of Greenoaks ; and its cost was £576. The northern window (end of the transept) was presented by the late Charles Kemp, Esq. ; and it has tho following subjects : -Upper row, Behold the Lamb of God, call of St. Andrew, call of St. Peter ; middle row, Receive ye the Holv Ghost, Day of Pentecost, . St. Andrew' preaching ; lower row, Crucifixion of St. Andrew Crucifixion of our Lord, Cru cifixion of St. Teter. The coat of this window was £329. The great eastern window repre sents tho following subjects, in twenty-one compartments ; there being three rows of seven lights each. Two Disciples following Jesus ; They came and saw where He dwelt ; tho ascension ; Andrew finding Simon ; ho brought him to Jesus ; calling of Andrew and Simon ; feeding of tho five thousand ; ordination of tho twelvo disciples ; Andrew and Philip with tho Greek wor shippers ; tho Good Shepherd Jesus foretelling tho destruc tion of Jerusalem ; the Day of Pentecost; Andrew crossing the Euxino ; Christ's injunc tion Feed my sheep. The three central lights, in tho upper most row, aro supposed to represent the Ascension; tho threo corresponding lights in tho middle row tho Miracle of the Loaves and Fishes ;. and the three central lights in tho lowest row, tho Descent of the Holy Ghost. This window was erected partly by cathe dral funds, and partly by special subscriptions, in mem ory of Bishop Broughton.' The total cost was L812. Of tho transept windows ono was erected by members of the Legal Profession, in memory of tho", late Mr, Justice S. F. Milford and Mr. Justice Edward Wise ; both of whom died in 1805. Tho window opposite (western side of tho transept) was erected to tho memory of Captain John Pike, formerly of the 73rd Regiment, but afterwards a settler near Merton, on the Hunter, by his widow. Of the clerestory win dows, the smaller window in the north transept, western side, is to the memory of tho late William Macpherson, Esq., of Blairgowrie, in Scotland ; for many years tho holder of various public offices in this colony. The window in the south transept (west of the organ), was erected by the legal profession, of which he was so long a member, in memory of James Norton, Esq., for about thirty years registrar of the diocese. The window opposite (eastern side of the same transept) is in memory of the late Rober! Johnson, Esq., a member of the Legislativo¡Gouncil. The aisle windo'ws with their donors and subjects aro as follow : East.-(1). "TheLast Supper."-Hon. John Camp bell and'Charles Campbell, Esqs.- (3.) "The Resur rection."- Severin K. Salting, Esq. South Choir.-(4.) " Woman at the Sepulchre ; Noli mo tangere ; Mary tells the Apostles ; Peter and John at Sepulchre."-Executors of Thomas Moore, Esq. (5.) " Three Marys at the Sepulchre ; They held Him by the feet ; Journey to Emmaus ; Supper at Emmaus." ~ Public Subscription. (Memorial to Charles Kemp and George Kemp, Ingelow, Esqs.)-(C.) "Thomas's Unbelief ; His Adoration ; Sea of Galilee ; Charge to Peter."-Family of the late Archdeacon Cowper. South Aisle.-(7.) "Walkingon the Sea; Healing on the Sabbath Day ; Cure of the Leper ; Cure of the Infirm Woman."-Mrs. Edward Aspinall. (8.) "Cast ing out a Devil ; Draught of Fishes ; Blind Man Restored ; Healing of Ten Lepers."- Edye Manning, Esq.. and Sir William M. Manning. (9.) "Cen turion's Servant cured ; Cure of Peter's wife's Mother ; Cure of Dumb man; Canaanitish Woman's daughter." -George Cox and Edward Cox, Esqs. (10.) " Man sick of the Palsy ; Calming the Sea ; Loaves and Fishes; Miracle in Cana of Galilee."-Robert Tooth, Esq. West.-(ll.) " The Transfiguration."-Family of the late Deputy Commissary- General Laidley. (13. ) '; Bap tism of our Lord."-Family of tho late Sir James Dowling, C.J. (14.)" The Temptation."- Thomas Whistler Smith, Esq. North Aisle.-(15.) "The Sowor; Pharisee and Publican ; The good Samaritan ; Tho Prodigal Son." John Croft, Esq. (16.) "The Unjust Judge; Tho King's Supper ; The Unjust Steward ; The Wedding Garment."-Major General Sir Edward Macarthur. (17.) "Tho barren Fig Tree; The Ten Talents ; The Lost Money ; Dives and Lazarus,"-The same. (18.) "Rescuing the Lamb ; Good Shepherd rejoicing; Go into my Vineyard; This is the Heir."-Tho Hon. William Charles Wentworth, Esq. North Choir.-(22.) "The Annunciation; Meeting of Mary and Elizabeth ; Birth of our Saviour ; Angel appears to Shepherds."-George Macleay, Esq. (23.) Magi seeing the Star ; Journey of Magi ; Appearance boforo Herod; Their Adoration."-Sir Daniel Cooper, Bart. (24.) " Presentation in tho Templo ; Flight into Egypt ; Visit to Jerusalem ; Jesus in the Temple." Henry Osborne, Esq. Tho principal portion of this handsome edifico which remains to bo built, is tho great central tower, Tho consecration of the cathedral took place on St. Andrew's Day, (November 30) 1868. The elaborate marble and encaustic tile work, cover ing the choir and space within the communion railing, and tho steps to it, are by the Messrs. Field of London -executed under the direction of Mr. Gilbert Scott, R.A. The tiles in the aisles and navo aro by Minton and Co., of Stoke-upon-Trent ; and their cost at tho manufactory was L770. Towards this beautiful orna mentation, the metropolitan haB contributed, from ! funds at his disposal, the sum of L1000, 