NEWS AND NOTES. The municipal elections are now close at hand, and rumor has been playing for the past day or two with a number of names as candidates. In Ballarat, Coun cillors Cane, Cowan, and the Mayor retire for the north, middle, and southern wards respectively. Mr Summers is spoken of in opposition to Councillor Cowan should he return to contest the central ward, which we have little doubt he will if pressed properly into the service; Mr Daniel Brophy is likely to be nominated for the south ward instead of the mayor, who does not intend to return to public life at present; and while Councillor Cane seems at present likely to have a walkover in the north, mention has been made, for any ward, of the names of Mr Philip Gay or one of the Messrs Smith Brothers, of Doveton street. Mr L. S. Christie, we understand, has been invited to come forward, but it is not probable that he will do so at I present owing to business engagements. In the Bal larat East council the Mayor and Councillors Fussell and Richards retire. Councillor Fussell is to be op posed by Mr Henry Glenny, and Councillor Richards by ex- Councillor Josephs. No name has yet been positively mentioned in opposition to the mayor, but we hear that Mr Twentyman has been mentioned as one likely to be called upon to oppose him. Polling is to take place on Tuesday, Bth August, declaration of nomination on 25th July, and deposit of the requisite papers must be made not later than four o’clock on Monday, 24th July. Of course these arrangements also refer to all boroughs throughout Victoria. We have received several more letters on what is called the “ Lai Lai Land Mystery.” As we learn that the whole subject is now under process of settlement in the Land Department, we refrain from publishing any of the epistles referred to. The Circuit Court commenced on Friday, and sat from 10 a.ra. until 7 p.m. Alexander Rose, the de faulting clerk of the National Bank, pleaded guilty to two charges for forgery and uttering, and after some witnesses as to character had been called, he was re manded for sentence. Stephen Sutherland was found guilty of burglary and larceny, and remanded for sen tence. The greater part of the day was taken up in the trial of John Buckley for the murder of Frederick Spracklan, in the Chinese Camp, on 20th May. The prisoner was found guilty of manslaughter, and re manded for sentence. His Honor Judge Pohlman was on the bench, and Mr Travers Adamson prose cuted forthe Crown. It is stated that an action has been commenced by an enterprising ratepayer of Ballarat East against Cr James Eddy for sitting as a councillor when he was a contractor under the council, lessee of the borough markets. Councillor Hunt succeeded in moving a resolution last evening at the Eastern Council meeting, for bring ing under the notice of the Government the matter of eastern goods being taken to the Ballarat Terminus instead of being unloaded at the Eastern station, and for endeavoring to effect a change in the system so as to benefit the East. The matter was made an order of the day for next meeting of the council, and the works committee was instructed to bring up a report on the whole subject, with a view to refer it to the members for the district. At a conference of members of the City Council and the Bungareeshire Council at the City-hall on Friday, Councillor Lewis in the chair, the following accounts were passed for payment, subject to the bank honor-' ing the cheques, and if not, the two bodies to confer thereon:—Paterson and Quinan, £2O; do, £1717s 4d; Paterson, 19s lid; surface labor, £42; J. Campbell, £5; and», £5 15s. It was decided that the two engi neers should select laborers for repairing certain sec tions of the Daylesford road, the work to be done under the superintendence of the shire-engineer. An application by Toll-lessee Fanning for a reduction of tolls and rent at the Cemetery gate, on the ground that the Ballaratshire Council was about to reduce the tolls at the Turf gate, was held over for future consideration. A discussion on finance arose, the new shire members present protesting astonishment at what was to them a revelation of the shire’s liabilities to the city. They were informed that a promissory note for £3OOO was due last March, and that another for £3500 was to be liquidated by payments of l-16th of the shire revenue, the payments to commence in July, 1872. The discussion led to nothing apparently but enlightenment of the shire members. When Rose, the defaulting clerk of the National Bank, was arrested, he had about £360 in his posses sion. In the Circuit Court, on Friday, the Crown Prosecutor stated that the money was, no doubt, part of the proceeds of the felony, and he asked bis Honor to recommend its restitution to the hank, although he knew the judge had no power to make ah order. Hia Honor said he-thought the money should be handed over to the bank. On the subject of the Burnt Bridge ghost, a Clarendon correspondent thus • writes:—“ I dare say you think me anything but an intelligent, active cor respondent to be living in close proximity to the scene of the Burnt Bridge ghost story, and not to send you a paragraph on so interesting and exciting a subject. The fact of the matter is I thought the story had grown too stale, until public interest in the matter was revived by your Lal Lal correspondent. The people of Clarendon now discover that as with other objects so with ghosts, familiarity begets contempt. .But as it seems that 'distance lends enchantment to the view,’ even the short distance to Lal Lal may render further particulars not unwelcome to the lovers of the sensational. It is generally believed that there are no ghosts about Lal Lal, except such as are in the flesh. The snorting of the iron horse proudly careering between Mount Doran and the lignite, its loud and shrill whistle on approaching the station, together with the rattle of half a hundred carriages, render Lal Lal, as a resort of ghosts, very incongruous. Not so Clarendon. Under bridges, by stone walls, in old deserted houses and deep sequestered gullies, they find a quiet and safe retreat, and woe to them who would dare to disturb them. .The public knows already how it fared with the bold adventurers who disturbed his ghostship of Burnt Bridge; how, like Tam O’Shanter’a Meg, they ran 'to win the keystone of the brig,’ and how the bravest man among them all has betaken himself to prayer ever since. In connection with this subject the following is the latest out. Rising early, before daylight, to feed his horses, Mr Campbell's ploughman paid a visit to the haunted brick house to get some hay. Before he had time to strike a light or bless himself, he heard directly under his feet un earthly moaning and groaning, as of persons smother ing, and, forgetting that ‘words and signs have power o’er sprites in planetary hour,’ struck a light, and dis pensing with words and signs, tried the magic of a pitchfork. A few probes had the desired effect; the hay was in motion, and instantly were heard, in true nautical style, two gruff voices shouting ‘All aboard.’ They were those of two runaway sailors, who lodged with the ghost for the night.” At the Circuit Court, on Friday, three jurymen were fined'4os each for non-attendance. A very large number of summonses for rates against defaulting burgesses of Ballarat East were dealt with on Friday at the local court, when orders were granted in nearly all cases, two or three being adjourned to a future court day. Thursday, the 27th July, will be the last day for issuing summonses in the nest Smythesdale County Court; Saturday, 29th July, will be the last day for serving the summonses; and Friday, 4th August, will be the last day for filing them. The court will sit on Tuesday, 15th August. We have received from the Mining Department the mining returns for the quarter ending 31st March, accompanied by a colored geological chart of the “Parish of Beechworth.” A meeting of members of tho Mechanics' Institute was held oh Friday evening, forthe purpose of forming a committee to assist the ladies in carrying out the forthcoming bazaar. A large and influential commit tee was nominated, and it was decided to hold the first meeting on Tuesday evening next, at eight o’clock. A meeting of the general committee of the institute is to be called on the same evening, at half-past seven, to appoint a bazaar secretary. The committee of the in stitute is working well, as also the Ladies' committee, and circulars from the president have been issued urging assistance upon all who feel any interest in the institute being freed from debt. The public works report, laid before the Eastern Council last night, and adopted with its recommen dations, will give the public the information it re quires as to the action. which is to be taken in Bal larat Bast with regard to the recent mining rush there. The report on the mining question is similar in its recommendations to that published in the Star a fortnight since. Friday evening’s Herald says:—“The hon. the Minister of Railways was closely engaged during the whole of to-day in going through the estimates con, nected with the department of which he is the head.’> A ratepayer of Lexton street, near the Ballarat Old Cemetery, complains bitterly of the bad condition of this street,.and states that it is now altogether im passable at one end, while “ to mend the matter, the centre is being dug up by a party of miners. The con dition of this street, to take it on the whole, in my opinion, would be a disgrace to Bullarook, much less the city of Ballarat.” Our local correspondent writes:—“lt is announced by placard that Mr Clarke, M.L.A., will attend at a meeting to be held in the school-house, Lai Lai, on Monday night, 24th instant, at eight p.m. An oppor tunity will thus be afforded to such persons in the locality as have laud grievances to redress to urge Mr Clarke in their behalf.” Our advertising columns contain the arrangements for the annual elections in Ballanshire. The election dayis to be 10 th August, and nominations for the three ridings may be lodged up to four o’clock on any day before Friday, 28th July. One auditor is also to be elected, and the same arrangements stand good. At a meeting of the Scott centenary promoters on Friday night at the Camp hotel, Mr J. Campbell in the chair, it was decided to celebrate the centenary on 15th August by a soiree and literary and musical entertainment in the Alfred HalL A committee, con sisting of Messrs Campbell, M‘Coy, J. B. Ross, M‘Con nell, M‘Dow r all, and the secretary, was appointed to make arrangements for the celebration, and to report to the next meeting on Wednesday next. We have heard that a proposal has been made to invite Sir Redmond Barry to preside at the soiree. Possibly also Mr Higinbotham, in the event of Sir Redmond being prevented from coming, will be invited to preside. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—“Accord ing to arrangement Mr Rowlands’ pack of hounds met at Rawlings’ Royal hotel, Smythesdale, on Friday morning, when a few of the local lovers of the chase assembled. They then proceeded in the direction of Muilocky Point, beyond Browns, and there was by that time a field of some twelve or fifteen horsemen, as also a well-known equestrian from Piggoreet. I further learn that the hounds ‘ found’ in that locality, and that the quarry went round towards Staffordshire Reef, and, after doubling several times, came round in the direction of Smythesdale and was killed at a short distance in the ranges Jbehind the Smythesdale powder magazine. There was, it seems, about two hours of a chase. Mr Burrough informs me that he never had a better day’s sport of the kind in the colony. He had two spills, but did not sustain any damage worth speaking of. Everything, it seems, passed off right pleasantly. Some of the residents in the locality were anxious to have swelled the muster, but were unable to get away.” Our local correspondent writes:—“A meeting of the Smythesdale common toll-road delegates was held at the Smythesdale Borough Council-chambers on Fri day, Councillor Young in the chair. There were also present Councillors Laidlaw, Warnecke, and Tait. The toll accounts were passed for payment. Mr H. J. Cutler, town-clerk, Scarsdale, was appointed tolls manager for the ensuing year, and Messrs James Dodds and H. J. Cutler were appointed auditors for the current year.” The borough council of Creswick has instructed the town-clerk to reply to the circular from the Dunolly Borough Council in reference to the circular from that body relative to urging upon the Government the desirability of constructing a cross-country line from Ballarat to Sandhurst, stating, “ That the borough council forms a portion of the North-Western Railway League, whose object is the construction of a line from Ballarat via Creswick to Clunes.” The town clerk has also informed the Dunolly Council that trial surveys of the line had been made by the Govern ment and submitted to and approved of by the league, and that a deputation from the league would wait upon the Government and urge the speedy be ginning of the works. On a clear evening now, soon after sundown, there is a beautiful display in the heavens. In the west is the new moon, and, close above, Venus burns with her brightest lustre. Higher up and a little west of the meridian are Mars and Aroturus, and west of the meridian Antares and Saturn. Antares is near the zenith at 7 p.m. and Saturn further east, while the Cross stretches across the meridian south of the zenith; and lower down in the south, Canopus lights up the sky as vividly as bright Alpha in the Cross. The Mayor of Creswick and Councillor Laby have been appointed to represent the Creswick Borough Council at the meeting on 24th July, about the weights and measures union. The new Pitfield bridge, which for a few weeks past has been open to the public, is now completed. The Qrenvilleshire Council has decided on having no formal opening. - Messrs Tippett and Barker, of Bal larat, took the contract for the erection of the new bridge for £C6S. Additional works required make the total cost nearly £BOO. The contractors have done their work well, under the superintendence of the shire-engineer, Mr Montgomery. The abutments are formed of bluestone, well finished. There are three rows of massive timber piles, which were brought from Bullarook Forest, supporting the flooring. Each of these piles, of which there are six in a row, is deeply imbedded and strongly and heavily braced, and secured with massive iron bolts. A neat and strong railing protects the traveller from being precipitated to the depths beneath. This railing extends for some distance, guarding the approaches. The new structure is about six feet higher than the old one, being raised above the highest flood-marks. A coating of metal protects the planking.' The old bridge, • over which high floods would occasionally sweep, was constructed in the old-fashioned style of rough unhewn timber, and for some little time previous to the erection of the present structure, it was in a very dangerous state. The new bridge presents a neat and substantial pearance, and there are few in the Western district superior to it.- : Our local correspondent writes:—“ The residents of Mortchup, Cbepstowe, and the adjacent localities are, I am informed, about to hold a meeting, with the view of selecting a local candidate to. contest, at the ensuing annual election, the seat now occupied by ' Councillor Morcombe, Preston Hill, Carngham, one of the representatives of the east riding of Riponshire. Councillor Morcombe is much respected, and probably would scarcely be opposed were it not that the farmers in the localities referred to would like to have a local man to represent their interests.” The M. A. Mail is at it again, and taking paragraphs without acknowledgment. The last appropriation from our columns is our notice of the last number of the Church of England Messenger. To steal book notices is really too enterprising. The Simonsen troupe has been in South Australia lately not doing over and above well, and at Gawler. Madame Simonsen had the had taste to come forward and lecture the audience because of the smallness of the numbers present, and stated that the reason was that the conceited amateurs of the place had conspired to keep their friends away. She wondered, indeed, why the place had such a nice hall when so few at tended to listen to artists who had given their days and nights to the study of their profession (Mr Simon sen—“ For dogs and monkeys!"). For her part, arid Madame, she would remember Gawler as a black spot in her heart as long as she lived. It will be remem bered that Madame Simonsen similarly misconducted herself in a provincial town of Victoria not very long ago. On that occasion she fell foul of the Press for venturing to express an opinion. j That great boon, the Turkish bath, is now to he had at the Corporation Baths for |the small rate of : 2s 6d. As a matter'of course there are to be no half price days, as formerly, for this class or baths. With reference to Thomas Morffew, whose disap pearance from his bail we referred to in Tuesday’s issue, the Ararat Advertiser says that “ when on Tues day the local Circuit Court sat, he was callecL to answer the charge of perjury, but did not appear. The Crown Prosecutor then applied that his bail be called upon to deliver his body, and accordingly Thomas Morffew, senr., and James Stevens were called in court, but failed to put in an appearance. On the applica tion of the Crown Prosecutor, the recognisances were ordered to be estreated, namely, that of Thomas Morffew in £2OO, and those of Thomas Morffew, sen., and James Stevens in £lOO each. An effort will be made to arrest Thomas Morffew, junr., if his place of. concealment can be discovered." Mr Russell, M.L.C., has at last found one local body willing to make claim upon the proffered liberality of that gentleman. The members of the Conuewarre Road District Board (says the Geelong Advertiser), after considering Mr Russell’s proposal to hand over his parliamentary honorarium in aid of the needy and destitute children of the districts he represents, they at once determined that. the advantage offered should not be lost through any lack of liberality on their part. The condition imposed by Mr Russell renders it imperative that an amount equal to what he contributes must be subscribed by the local bodies themselves. The circumstances connected with a destitute family, consisting of a widow and five chil dren residing in the neighborhood, were well known to most of the members of the board, and the oppor tunity of having their own charitable efforts materially i assisted was readily embraced. Donations of public moneys are always considered objectionable, if not illegal, but the chairman and other members at once avoided any difficulty by-raising some £6 from their own private contributions. In the meantime the secretary is to apply to Mi- Russell for an equal amount to that subscribed, in accordance with the terms of bis offer. The banquet at Sandhurst on Thursday evening was characterised by a singularly unpleasant scene. Says the Argus :—“ When the, principal toasts had been disposed of, it fell to the lot of a person named Mr Hugh M'Coll to propose a toast which had been in tended for the Attorney-General, who was- unfortu nately absent. He had barely commenced his speech, when he electrified the company by suddenly breaking forth into an insolent attack on the representatives of the press sitting near him, for what he was pleased to term the disgraceful manner in which they had inter rupted some previous speakers with their laughter. If there’had been anything to call for notice, it came, not from the press, but an ordinary guest, neverthe less, Mr M’Coll went on with his charge, and the cry was taken up by a few more like him. The represen tatives of the metropolitan press rose with some indig nation from their seats, and as the chairman did not choose to interpose, they left the hall. For some time afterwards the smooth current of events was turned out of its course in consequence of this extraordinary outbreak on the part of Mr M’Coll. From what wo learn, several subsequent speakers came forward to deny the truth of the offensive allegation that had been made, and the Minister of Mines, the Minister of Public Works, and the Solicitor-Uoneral, severally bore testimony to the propriety of the behavior of the gentlemen who had been scandalised. Mr Spensley pointed out the unfairness of making a charge of the kind against a body of gentlemen unable to defend themselves. He mentioned that he was personally ac quainted with most of them, and had been sitting near to them at the table. Towards the end of the pro ceedings the generality of the company, who had had no opportunity of judging for themselves, saw reason to regret the truly unseemly proceedings which had taken place, but not until the harmony of the evening had been disagreeably marred.” It is not too late (remarks the Age) for a movement to be set on foot for keeping up Sir Walter Scott’s centenary in Melbourne in a manner worthy of the occasion. For their efforts to have the centenary celebrated the St. Andrew’s Society deserve praise. Where they missed their mark was in making the opportunity subservient to their own society, and not studying public feeling sufficiently as to the form the celebration should take. Now that they have volun tarily retired from the affair, it should be taken up by all sections of the community. Scotchmen are not the only admirers of the great Wizard of the North, who by his magic pen produced the fictions that have immortalised his name. English, Irish, and Scotch, and all to whom the English language is familiar, would unite in doing honor to the great departed. At Ballarat and Sandhurst the feeling is strong iu favor of observing the centenary, and of founding a Sir Walter Scott scholarship at the Melbourne Univer sity. This seems a worthy way of perpetuating the fame of the great novelist in these southern lands. The Burns Centenary, held some years ago, was a great success, and Scott’s centenary might be made even now a greater occasion than even that was. When the St. Andrew’s Society relinquishes, at the public meeting to be held, the task they undertook, the work they give up ought not to fall to the ground. If so, Ballarat, Bendigo, and other places will put the metropolis to shame, and in the future the youth of Melbourne may perhaps share iu the advantages of a scholarship that their fathers had no hand in founding. A meeting was to be held at Stawell hist evening, with the view of initiating steps to entertain the present Ministry at a banquet. From what we (Chronicle) know of the public feeling, we are con vinced that, should the invitation be accepted, Ministers would meet with a perfect ovation at Stawell. I At the Caatlemaine Circuit Court on Thursday, John Henry Waite was sentenced to nine months’ imprisonment for having fraudulently embezzled and destroyed six letters, the property of the Postmaster- General. We have previously referred to the production by the Telegraph Department of a skeleton map of elec tric telegraph circuits in Victoria. The J rgus re marks—“ The object of the map is to show the lines and stations throughout the colony in a plan unen cumbered with other names of places or topographical objects. Besides giving all the lines and stations in existence, or in course of construction, it distinguishes the stations at which linemen are attached, railway stations, stations at which Wheatstone instruments are employed, test-posts, and test- houses. It also indi eates the direct distance from station to station, accord ing to a scale of eight miles to an inch, and shows the course of each circuit separately, with the position of all main batteries, their respective earth- plates, the stations at which lines.can be rendered interchangeable in the event of interruption, also points where loop or branch lines can be switched on to main lines. In addition to all this, the map shows the disposition of local or official circuits in use between Government offices and private firms about Melbourne. The map will be found especially valuable when the wires be come deranged, that is, crossed, down on the ground, or totally interrupted by a break, as it will show whether an independent means of gaining communica tion with any station beyond the point of interruption can be resorted to. The map was compiled by, Mr T. R. James, telegraph manager, and was drawn by Mr J. W. Pay ter, assistant manager, who are to be compli mented for the valuable result of their labors.” The Scott Centenary celebration business in Mel bournecontinuestosufferfrom mismanagement. Thurs day’s Telegraph says:—“ A meeting of the committee appointed to look after the interests of the St. Andrew's Society in connection with the proposed commemoration of the centenary of Sir Walter Scott was held yesterday, in one of the ante-rooms of the Town-hall, Mr A. K. Smith presiding. Those present decided that reporters should not bo allowed to re main, and they accordingly withdrew. It was then resolved that communications should be forwarded to his Excellency the Governor and to the City Council, withdrawing the request made that they should give, their patronage to the ball It was also resolved that a public meeting should ..be called, 'at which the general committee should . resigntheir .. trust, and a sub-committee was at the 'same time appointed to draw uj> a report to be submitted to the public meet ing, explaining the reasons which had- induced them to resign.” ' \ ■ " The members of the Hunt Club met at Tommy Wilson’s , on Friday, and had a good run across countiy from that point. A considerable number of those who patronise the sport turned out. It is in tended *in futurc that the day of the meet shall be Friday instead of Saturday so as to accommodate business men. To show the alteration in the working of the pre sent Land Act since the present' Ministry took office, we have but to instance (states the Pleasant Creek Chronicle of the 18 th July) that nearly every acre of land in the vicinity of Horsham has been taken up, : and that fencing operations are showing that agricul turists are in the field, determined to develops the resources of this magnificent country. ' Nearly all the available zebra stripes have, or will be, taken up, and that the Wimmera district will produce for itself, in stead of obtaining its supplies from other quarters. Horsham is very lively at present, nearly every resi dent upon it is taking up land, and in place of being a squatting pocket borough, as it heretofore has been, it will soon have to be recognised as a hond, Jide farm ing district. A meeting was. to be held yesterday at Horsham for.the purpose of getting up a flour mill for the district. , We (Age) understand that since the appointment of the Royal Commission to enquire into, the estab lishment of new industries, and of which commission his Honor Judge Bindon is chairman, the hbn. the Chief Secretary has received numerous communica tions from foreigners resident in the colony, skilled in the industries proposed to be established, tendering their services to the Government, instead of their having, to introduce skilled workmen from Europe. In every instance the* letters have been --forwarded to the commissioners for their consideration. Sandhurst (says the Age) is at last to be proclaimed a city, and a notification to that effect will appear in the next issue of the Government Gazette. This is but just to Bendigo, both in consequence of the number of inhabitants as given in the last census, and the in creasing wealth and importance of the place. The ministerial visit to Sandhurst and the proclamation of its being a city pretty nigh coincide. A wholesale case of sheepstealing to occur so near Melbourne is thus mentioned in the Police Gazette: — ; “ Samuel Ritchie, manager of the Melbourne Meat preserving Company, reports stolen from Tea-tree Creek, near Maribyrnong, between the 7th and 11th inst., 722 sheep, various brands.” Provision has been made by the Crown Lands De partment for holding local laud boards at the following places during the ensuing month,' viz.:—Egerton; Ist August; Ararat, 2nd August; Sandhurst and Mel bourne, 4th August; Geelong, sth August; Bacchus Marsh, 16th August. Steps are also being taken for holding boards at Sale, the district- surveyor (Mr Daw son) having received instructions for that purpose. It is intended to invite the Ministers to a public banquet in Geelong. A meeting of the leading liberal politicians will be held in a few days, when the pre liminary arrangements will be made. A vigorous description of some woman that is wanted, is thus given in the terse language of the Police Gazette; —“ Emily Robinson, alias Taylor, alias The Flyiug Engine, is charged, on warrant, with vagrancy, by the Avenel Bench. English (the calling is here given, but we omit it), 35 years of age, 5 feet 5 or 6 inches high, slender build, brown hair, face blotched and bloated from drink, apparently from her conversation to have been well-educated. She is notorious, when excited, for knocking people over the head with the first weapon she can pick up. Gone to Seymour or Kilmore, amongst the men working on the railway.” • Instructions have been issued from the Treasury to the heads of departments throughout the public ser vice (says the Telegraph) to curtail expenditure. In some offices notices have been received that the ser vices of members of the staff will be dispensed with at the close of the present month. A warrant has been issued against a woman, name unknown, age about twenty-four or twenty-six years, coarse features, and stout build, wearing a light print dress, black jacket, and black hat, for exposing a child at Qcclong on the 12th instant. , A feeding-bottle was wrapped up with the child, and half a sheet of cream colored notepaper pinned to one of the dresses with the following writing upon it:—“if you please will you be so kind and care that child well. I am very sorry to part with the child but I carnt help me self. I will let me self nown in a short thime and if you dont want then then I pay you and thake her back, her name is Annmaria Elesabat.” Concerning the curative properties of gum leaves, the English Gardener's Chronicle gives the following extract from the letter of a correspondent:—“ We have had 100 men sent us, some wounded, others in valids. Dr C. Buckersley has sixteen bad cases in a hospital with two French doctors; they are nursed ad mirably by the pelites soeurs, and what is very inter esting is the new method of dressing the wounds one of these two, Dr Gimbert, has introduced. He has tried, instead of lint, Eucalyptus leaves. The leaves have a catty smell. They are merely laid on the wounds. The balsamic nature of them not only cures, but after a few hours all the unpleasant odor of the matter ceases.” A Mr Penny (says the Duhho Dispatch), who for the past twelve months or so has been residing at Tattersall’s hotel, Dubbo, has, by the death of his father in London, become the possessor of £20,000 or £30,000. He started on Monday for Sydney, in com pany with Mr W. G. Grey, and intends going to Eng land per the next Suez mail. We understand that he has been left by his father’s will sole executor. Says the Geelong Express :—“ The whole of the travelling plant of Bachelder’s Panorama of the American War was on Wednesday offered for sale by auction by Mr M. S. Levy. There was a capital at tendance of buyers, but owing to the very high reserve placed on the various things offered for sale, no business whatever could be transacted. Every thing had to be withdrawn from sale at reserve prices.” The Tarrengower Times reports the following curious accident:—“ On Saturday, at Nuggetty, a miner named Wilder was cutting wood, when a mere flying chip caught his arm with such force as to sever the main artery. He lost so much blood,.and was in such a state of collapse, that he had to be removed to the Maldon Hospital, where, under the care of Dr Byrne, he is now progressing favorably towards recovery.” New Zealand has its share of earthquakes (says the Southland Times). The number of earthquake shocks recorded as having occurred in the colony , during the year 1870 is as follows:—Taranaki, 7; Napier, 6; Wellington, 9; Nelson, 5 ;.Chiistchurch, 2; Bealey, 5; Hokitika, 5; and Dunedin, 1. None were recorded at the stations at Mongonui, Auckland, and South land. Rich relations seem ever to be welcome. Such ap pears to have been the case of William O’Brien, who is now, however, wanted by the police, for obtaining £1 from Edward Murphy, Williamstown, by repre senting himself as the husband of complainant’s niece, just arrived from San Francisco, and that he had between £3OOO and £4OOO in one of the Melbourne banks. It is reported that the Marquis of-Bute, the pro prietor of the Cardiff docks, has refunded the dock dues paid for all German ships detained in that port in consequence of the war. Several of that country’s vessels have received a sum equivalent to the whole coat of laying by*. The owners of these last (says the Court Circular) have expressed the most sincere thanks to his Lordship for his noble and disinterested behavior towards them. The meeting of the Ballarat Shooting Club, to have been held at Bignell’s hotel, on Friday evening, was not hold in consequence of the attendance of members being too limited. A match at football will be played to-day on' the Eastern Oval between the Natives and the World. This promises to be a very interesting match. The sides are;—Natives—M’Kenzie, Bignell, M’Leod, Best, Hogg, Duulevie (2), Mann, Foote, ..Osborne, Dimelow, Harrison, Buchanan, Kirby, King, Clark, Carroll, Quinlan, and Woodward. World—Figgis (2), M’Nab, Kilner, O’Neil, Norman, Pamphilon, Morgan, Urqu hart, Wynne (2), Boyd, Ball, 'Merrin, Holmes, Ware, Fuller, Byrne, Davidson, Cherry, Catton, Merrin, Green. In anticipation of a match with Geelong, members are requested to attend more to practise, in order that a good team may be chosen. The game will commence at half-past two. The Rev. H. B. Bromby, of Hobart Town, chaplain to the Bishop of Tasmania, will preach in Christ Church on Sunday, at morning service. The audience last evening at the Mechanics’ Insti tute was an improvement upon that of the previous evening, and Mr Heller brought put a ne w bill, com prising some of his finest performances on the piano, the goblin drummers, and a very laughable entertain ment of mimic Christy Minstrels. Mias Haydee Heller in her wonderful “second sight” feats, and a few other as wonderful items made up the bill, which will be repeated this evening. ' Mr R. W. Lawrence, the plucky lessee of the Theatre Royal, took his benefit last night, when the play “ Love’s Sacrifice” was presented to one of the best houses of the season, though not one so good as the merits of tne beneficiaire and hia company deserved. As Matthew Elmore Mr Lawrence played with excel lent skill, with a gravity and effective elocution that made the part quite a feature in the presentation. As his daughter Margaret, Miss Carry George dressed' charmingly, and played with alternating archnes% pathos, and fire. A call at the close of the third act marked the. house’s appreciation.of one of the most moving scenes in the drama, in which Miss George, Mr Lawrence, and Mr Collier (as Lafont), displayed a well-conceived notion of the requirements of the story. But their acting all through was good, and the other characters were, for the most part, satisfactorily sus tained, only that Mr Humphreys as Eugene was hardly equal to the character, and Mr Daniels in making Jean the clerk excessively funny rather overdid some of the business. Miss Norman was a very fair Hermime, and Miss Bushe as good a Marion, while Mr _ Metcalf as St. Lo was droll enough to make amends in some degree for ■ some want of suitability •to the part. The applause was frequent, and in truth well deserved; Mr Lawrence and Miss George receiving _ special honors. The farce.“ The Captain’s not amiss,” with Miss George as Emily, concluded the programme. This evenin'* the bill will comprise two dramas Aurora Floyd” and “ Under the Gaslight.” This is really a “great bill,” and we hope to see what Mr Lawrence last night called “ a fair house for once.” Mr Lawrence at the close of the first piece, in response to a call, announced that his venture had not been a paying game, and would positively end at the close of next week. We regret that he and his company have not had better fortune, but they have this poor consola tion that others have had a like fate there. It might have been supposed that a fairly good company with out a “ star’' to rim away from the place with half the money would have been supported better, seeing that what they got would have been also spent here. . The times or the fates have willed otherwise hitherto, but we hope nest week will be a better one for the lessee and his evenly balanced corps. 