MR. TROLLOPES LECTURE. Mr. Anthony Trollopo delivered his lecture on Modern Fiction as a Rational Amusement at the I Town Hall last ovoning, for tho benefit of tho Caiton Ccntennry Fund, in tho presence of a tkmnwd and trilliant audience, tho attondanoo Icing over two thousand. Thoro was a very largo proportion of ladies, in fact about two-thirds of tho amlionco in -the balconies and front seats hclow being composed of them. Sir Redmond Barry took tho chair at oight o'clock, and briefly introduced tbo lecturer, Mr. Trollops, who 'was greeted with thunders of applause, commenced, .by saying that all per sons with well regulated minds desired to know whether tho trades they pursued wero conducive to tho public welfare or othorwiso. HiB own i trado was that of a novelist, and ho himself bad 1 felt tho anxiety to-wbich bo alluded. Eo bo- licved that the trade of a novelist could bo beneficially exercised, and further, ' that tho great body of modern fiction had ' an effect for good' and not for . ovil upon tho i timo. Opinions might differ, and ho know thoy did differ, upon this point, but thero could be no 1 question of tbo fact that fiction in our day was a I groat power in litoraturo, forming tbo staplo of i tho reading in which people of all ranks indulged, i look at tho periodicals, of which there were such i a shoal, adapted - to all varieties of taste- ? Everyone bad its novel, and some two or threo i running Ihoir course. Tho talos wore tho great fcatnro in every periodical of a recreative cast,- I acd publishers would toll . "you it was no use to. i think of maintaining one without its novel. Ho i remembered a grave assemblage of— well, ho | weulil not say wiso men, Bince ho himself was ono i of tho number, but it was an assemblage of mon with tho best intentions; and speaking for all i biyo himself ho would, say that they ! wero wiso men. Thoir object was to start a now : periodical, which Bhould bo really elevating, so r r«w«taU imnld hn mn/lft RG. At ttlG OlltSGt tllG question roso, Aro wo to' havo a novel? Ho : i opposed tho novol, and found somo support in S doing so ; but was outvoted wbon it camo to tho ; test. The majority agreed that it would bo per: feet madness to think of having no novel ; anu ho : vis politely informed that but for his novol : writing he would novor havo been asked to join tho I party at all. Tho tasto for . works . of inm- ; gination had permeated from tho upper i to tbo lower classes with ,.tlw spread of education until it became universal. Tho earliest works of fictiob in England yot extant were tkoso of Lilly and' Sir Philip Sidney, i Taking up tho Arcadia of tho latter wo would bp. \ surprised to find with what ponderosity our 'an cestors of threo hundred years ago wero con tented. Tho next noticeablo period was that ; of tho .Restoration, when tho advance of education : brought with it tho advance of novel writing, although it must bo owned that' if there was an improvement in ability, it was accompanied by a ; falling away in point of morality. Tim novols 1 of Mrs. Aphra Behn and Mrs. Manlcy might, bo taken as examples of this period. They wero ! only to be exceeded in licentiousness by tho con- temporary drama. Yot with all this they wore ' nnuttcrably dull, and wholly unreadable on that \ account nowadays. Tho novel of' Robin-1 'ton Crusoo was an" extraordinary excep tion, not only in .tho-. literature of 'tho time, but also among tho works of Dofoe. It had now lived a couple, of hundred years, and Bbowed no signs of a diminished hold on tho . public. Tho next noticeablo period was that of Eicbardsou and Fielding, both of whom showed a great advance upon their predecessors, although they differed completely from . each other., Ricn- ardHon was a model of purity in his .writings, so far as Eentiment was concerned, and Fielding tho reverse. In fact ho, styled Rich ardson a saint and Fielding a sinner among novelists. It must bo confessed, however, that Fielding painted people', more truly as they were than did Richardson; who . embodied perfect .virtue or utter vice in every ono of his characters. 'After Fielding and Richardson camo Mrs. llad- cliffo, who caused her readers to -sup full of horrors with tho Romance of tho -Forest and Mysteries of Udolpho. Well did he remember, in the days of his own boyhood, poring over the Mysteries of Udolpho in an old 'dining hall at night until ho was positively afraid to move from his chair. Every moment- -he , expected , to Eco the thick hangings which wero behind him drawn open and disclose the horrid figure of somo unhung ruffian, or tbo ghost of a dead hero clad in completo steel. Ho had placed this same mysteries oi uuoipnu in tuu uauuo w vnu boys, and thoy merely laughed at it. : In fact ho himself found on taking it up now that it was supremely ridiculous, and ho "wondered, how his blood could have boon so frozen by it in his youth. lffh.it caused Mrs. Radcliffe'a works to lose their vitality was not tho terror of thoir incidents, but the fact that thoso incidents .wero altogether forced and unreal. Before' proceeding to notice the great writer who was the originator of modem fiction, ho desired to say a few words with re spect to Maria EJgeworth and Emma Austen. Coming after Mrs. RadcUffe, th'ey introduced into fiction an entirely fresh and healthy style. Miss T Austen confined herself to a narrow circle, but Within that circlo she was perfection. Miss Edge- vorth's truthful delineations of Irish lifo urged Bir Walter Scott to make tho attempt, as ho Imn- telf confessed, to do roraetbiug cf tho 'same kind or Scotland. Sir Walter Scott's ; aim was to ro- Tivo tho spirit cf tho phst, and without en-; .taring into the question as ..to whether tho point of view ho took was correct, It must bo conceded that none of his writings Fero inimical to the cause of virtue. (Applause.) After quoting various stirring passages from Waverley, Guy Mannering, and Old Mortality, the lecturer proeceded to notice Scott's successors. To Thackeray ho awarded the palm as the most faithful of all novelists to nature. Tfmcknray seemed to him to havo combiuod tho mind of a man and of a woman, so delicate were his per: teptionB. Ho did not believo ..that he was blinded by his personal friendship to Thackoray in saying this. As a particular instance of skill, he referred to tho characters of Lady Castle yocd and Beatrix, in Esmond, and , road 4 few passages from that work. Dickens was undoubtedly tho most widely road of all novelists, and bis popularity extended to classes which no previous writer. of fiction had ever Inched. He believed that fchovo'wereeven people Who could not read to whom characters drawn by Dickens were familiar as household words. Of wis great genius it might bq said, as of Sir Walter Scott, that his pages wero unsullied. (Loud Niecrs.) Two other departed writers of fiction to allusion ought to bo made were Mrs. Gas- ; r '';vd Charlotte Brontd, for tbo works, of both J ho entertained a high admiration. ,In /eaking of modern fiction ho refrained from \- ohcing "writers who wero still living, -or eonld, of course, havo ! added - sovo- ' Jd diatioguished names to - his catalogue, i was a division made of novel . literature into ' I EV bhe sensational and tho realistic. He / BluMnot agree with this. Every novel oqgkfc to j wmmne sensationalism with realism in somo de- / PW On thing was ocrtaiu — no work could bo j JwcoBsful unlcES realistic, whether sensational or . : Hnerwise. Realism was an essential to. the sue- j ,<d a novel, and therefore it w&j; folly to di- ; 3 j ndoitoff as a quality which a novel either might n or might not havo. Every novel, ho said, shonld dip into tlio sensational in some degree ; by which he meant that there ought to be somo incidents moro or less out of the common. Tako Sir Waiter Scott's works, and they would bo found to bo full of sensationalism, But it was never of a pernicious cast. His readers were never incited to emulate vicious or criminal acts. Of Bomo writers this could not be said, hut what ho contended for was the healthy tone of the great mass of British fiction. In this it only followed tho public demand. Whatever the pub lic : called for, novelists would furnish. 1'ho question suggested itself ns to whether novol roiding should bo cucouraged in tho young ; and ho Tcpliod that.it ought not -to bo regarded with disfavor, if kept within proper bounds. But of course excess was possible in this matter ns in everything else. For instance, athletic Bports bo engrossed the minds of eoiub young men as to prevent them having an idea on any other subject, and then tho good thing was carried too far. ' Ho would say tho same of tho girl who passed her days over novels, or tho young man who was so attached to thorn as to keep a novel in bis desk. But the great fact bad to bo faced that, whether, wo would or not, this literature maintained and increased its influence. It was as well to havo tho consolation that tiie inlluctco was not a bad one. Suppose now that ho made tho proposition of cntoring tho household of any ono of his present hearers, and catechising tho young mon and maidens upon thoir love affairs. It would no doubt bo resented as tbo height of impertinence. Yot did not novel writers actually, onter almost every household through their books, and mould the ideas of tho youiig upon all theso points '! Neither old nor young, in tho present timo, could tell tho extent to which they weio influenced by tho idoas and e ontimonts imbibed through works of fiction. There was ono petition ho would lay down : if novels woro pernicious to tho young tboy must bo pernicious to tho old ; and ho would add that if thoy wero pornicious to young women, thoy must ho so to young men. Mr. Trollopo concluded by urging that tho rightly inspired literaturo of tho day, in fiction as m ovefy other wajk, would alouo livo. Ho resumed his seat amidst very hoarty cheering. Mr. F. W. IIaddon moved, and Mr. James Harhisox seconded, a vote of thanks to Mr. Trollopo, which was enthusiastically carried. Mr. Trollops, in responding, assured tho audicnco that it had given him great pleasure to havo tho opportunity of addressing them, and he felt highly gratified with tho cor dial reception givon to him. . A vote of thanks to Sir Redmond Barry, on tho motion cf Mr. H. J. Smith, seconded by Mr. Wiiloughby, brought tho proceedings to a close. 