/ .e. at . ni» .-.?„...._ -the -x rite— is celling eggs, by ***;.? ' ^ — x-ooshia, which is the raisin they call him the, eggs-imperor, wboilst the poor jini ral is sarving too years in a stone-jug in America for downrite patriotism, and more shame for the Yankees that it is so. It wud be ontnity foolish for the jiniral, indeed, to resist the Marshal who capsherd him, for the clause of the American aigle, I guess, aint nohow to be sneezed at. 'Step in, Mistber O'Nail,' says the Marshal, maranginto his bugav- 'You're a nrisner of the Grait Republic.' » Not I,' says the bould jiniral; 'lam armed.' 'So am I,' says the Marshal, ' onclher the authority of the stars and stripes ;' when all of a suddint the jiniral caved in, and, broken-h;;rfced, wiped awaj a tier. In coorse the Yankee insensated him with the folly of going agenst the States, an the hayro of 17 fights wielded to his purswasiom. The imperor gev in becase he hadn't the thrue metal in him. Ralely, sur, there's no caparison ; more betoken I don't see one, aud I don't knead- apectikils aither, for I ana jest as vishunary as nary one else in regard of illuminathors. Isee, Mr. Edi th or, by the male noose that gallon Prance isn't noct to smithereens yet, nor any way loikely to be. Throwshoe is cute enuff for Basemuck, and braver by a long chalk than that Tootonic skul .ker who wants to swally up everything in his weigh, without rime or raisin. 'Wate a bit, and you'll see the fields of France wathered 'with the thick blud of the Prooshans, who, whin they are all slawth'ered, will be bitin their nales for in therfaring with the gallon Princh, but their sor row will come the day afther the fair — too late. I also see by your contemporary, the& M. II, that Harry Parkes was on to his ould game of vally-raggin, but this thyme he has more nor his match. If I wor Mr. Foather I wudu't bemean myself in talking to Mr. Harry, for whin you rub with the dirt it will smear you. I am tired hearing Mr. Harry blathering about his fame, just as if he was skeered that posterity wud not remimber him. Shure, his toograit produc tions will go down to them — bless you I dont know how long. His jaynius is rnity powerful work ; aiquil indeed, if not shooparior to his liealty, which all the wurkl nose has no caparison. Shure it is downrite liealty that made him emu late a hughman victim to the demigod Prento, and the Gagging Act nioreso in cover was anuther famus measurement of it. Throoly, sir, he oan boast with my friend Jack Dooly, that his fame will nevar depart, and like Homer, Pheneeshun Pote, say, ' Exegi monumentum aere perennius,' which manes I exacted a mint of money whare others wud not get a copper.' Is ifc loikely indeed Harry is to be forgotten ; by no means, for many is the bitther embrocation utthered by some of his ould friends which will purshoe him even to the grave ? Fame is Harry's, but, troth, sich a fame ! There's the fame of Nayro, Calvin, Cain, Jezabel, Cataline, etcitbara, kai ta loipa, and so weiter, and so foith, and our Harry will be just as famous. Arrah ! Mr. Henry, yours ie fcho tinder conshuns, my word ! and I wild not at all wondber it wud give you ais3' times of it, and more spechilly whin your last days will cum. But in coor3e. your accounto will be all fair and square afore that time, and you can bid a jew to life with a bould unfailing heart, sieh as an honest man can always do. There'll be do brand of Caio upon your brow, nor the blud of a fellow crathur crying for yingince against you ; the lasht fart bin will be pair}, for our glorious constitoo'shun purvides for that, and no iniquitous school bili framed to rob the childre of Christ of their holy religion, and gev to them insted any of the impious abominations that are a moral stink in the land will be there to accuse you. Oh ! no sur, not the laste fear of such little piceadillie3 risin up in jedgment ageri you, nor the laste danger in life to cum that you wont get a proper reward ondber the favourable odd vocacy of the Kiama Ghost. I am tould, Mr. Eiiithor, thai this vartuous man, sick of the j voices of Sydney is taking his lares penati-iue to \ Melbourne, whare his vartues will be more coa- j speeshus nor they wor here. All I say, is, fare ? weddher afther him and snow to his heels. I'll i giv him on his departhur a lefcther of Intro- i duetion to Mr. G. P. Smith, another chip of the J same block, and sorra the litter companion could ! he get in the whole wurkl. We say in Cork, phthcirousin ethe chresta homiliai Tialeai, which you mite not consther properly, bekase it is ould : anshint Irish. Ib means that evil communica- ! tion corrups good models ; bub tlarry needs nob j be in the laste afeard of that, for Mr.' G. P. S., i is a dacent boy, sans peur ct sans reprochc. Jest / for all the wurld like himself. I'd reconiind the ; peeple of Sydney to get up a maledicbhory ad- | dress to Mr. Harry, for ralely, sur, it used be ! out an out ongrateful not to wish him good bye. ? lam shure Mr. Fosfcher and myself will be fiist \ and foremost on this work of mercy, with the dislieal Irish next. Hoping, sur, you spint the hollydays in cum fort, and'begging you will remuraber me to the missus, I remain yours throoly, PHELIM O'TQOLE. ? — ? «* ? 