MATTHIAS, THE GHOST QUELLER. " Did you ever hear of such a thing as the ghost of a living person ?" enquired "Well," replied Laurence, "I have often heard of the Scotch wraith, which appears at the moment \A a pexson'a decease, and thus indicates the death of that person, perhaps to a «n?tywt friend." "No, that is not what £ mean," ex plained MuTimiltMi, «Stories of the wraith are common all over the world,; but I imagine that in the case of ft« par ticular species of phantom, the death of the person is supposed to precede, if only by a second, the appearance of the spectre." " Well," remarked Laurence, "tksre is the death-fetch, which Baynim once made so famous. This is represented to be the spectre of a living person, of whose approaching death ita appearance is an infallible sign." " Something lil™ a banshee," inter posed Edgar. "NotataU,"saidLaurenoe. "Unless I bave dipped into Irish mythology to very bad purpose, the banshee is not the spectre of a person that ever lived at all, but a sort of fairy, who is attached to ancient families alone, and announces the death of any of their members by per petual fomentations." "I perceive that I did not put my question with sufficient accuracy," ob served Maximilian. " When I asked if you had ever heard of such a thing as the ghost of a living person, I was not flunk ing of a spectre predicting death, as in the case of the fetch, but of the appear ance of the preternatural likeness of a person, without any reference to death at aIL However, I may as well narrate the story by which my question was sug gested. Matthias Lussau, a pastor at Rathenow, on the River Havel, during the time of the Thirty Years' War, stood one evening at the window of his house, whence he perceived two persons busfly nigging as if they were in search of some hidden treasure. One of them looked exactly like his churchwarden, and to this one he addressed fc™—if, asking what was the object of such cealons toil. The digger explained that in the days when the town had been occupied by tfae Swedes " " That occupation, I suppose, was one of the events of the Thirty Tears' War f" interrupted Egbert. "Precisely," said Maximilian. "In those days, as the epe tre explained, a general pillage had been expected, and consequently he (and his comrade had buried the sacred vessels of their church in some neighboring spot, the exact situation of which had, perhaps, through the effect of panic, entirely vanished from their recollection. Matthias Lussau went to bed, pondering on this conversa tion, and on the following morning sent for his churchwarden, whom he ques tioned respecting the bidden treasure. The man started, as if aroused from a dream, and honestly confessed that so 4 a treasure had been buried by him and his associate in office in the time of the Swedes, that the place where they bad hid it had been completely effaced from their memory, and that after much fruit less search, they had given up every thought of malnng good their loss, and had forgotten the affair altogether. Satis fied with this explanation, the pastor con ducted his churchwarden to the spot where the diggers had bean occupied tike evening before, and as this was at once recognised by the churchwarden, good earthly ?.iWamti?i diggers were set to | work and the vessels, duly discovered, were , restored to the church." | "That," gravely remarked Laurenoe, j "is a very curious story. The church warden neither dies, nor is about to die. Simply bi? memory has become defective with regard to one particular event, possibly, as you aay, through the effects of panic, and the loss occasioned by his forgetf ulness was made good by a spectre, who assumed hit likenet." "We may almost say." suggested Edgar, "that the apparition warn the ghost of the churchwarden's departed memory. Those who would give a rational turn to this odd tale would sub stitute somnambulism for supernatural agency. I perfectly recollect a short French drama, the plot of which much re sembled the story of your worthy pastor. A perfectly honest man, entrusted with a large sum by a friend, has put it away in a place of safety. When the friend, after a long absence, returns, producing the receipt for the deposit, the treasure is minMiig, and the man to whom it has been confided is in despair. Falling asleep, he proceeds, still sleeping, to his garden, and there he digs up the lost casket. He had hidden it in a state of somnambulism, and in a state of somnam bulism he finds it, the act of concealment having left no impression on his waking mind. Put a sleep-walking churchwarden in the place of your spectre, and you will at once perceive the analogy between your legend and my plot." " Ah, I perfectly perceive the analogy and the insinuation," said Maximilian, ■miling ; " and, as Matthias Lusamu was famous in his day for laying perturbed spirits, I will tell you another story about him, which, though less singular, shows him in a less equivocal character. Ton must know that in those days of Swedish occupation referred to by the spectral churchwarden " "Spectral or sleep-walking?" interposed Edgar. "In those days," pursued Maximilian, "the city of Kathenow waa found too small for its intrusive visitors. One •onpany of 8 wade < seem<u destined to remain without shelter, the only place in which it could possibly be quar tered being universally stigmatised as * haunted house. To all warnings on *fc?? score the soldien, however, turned a deaf ear, and they accordingly took po—c iiion of the awful edifice, providing themselves not only with abundant infill and drink, but likewise with a few fiddles, in the determination to past a marry night. At the hour of twelve, while they were in the middle of a dance, a man like a farmer, with a whip in hk hand and a bundle of deeds under his arm, walked into tke room, and was followed by a lady, who wore a great bunch of keys. These unhidden guests made no attempt to interrupt the merriment of the party, but remained near the door, quietly watching their proceedings. The dancer* came to a sudden stop, an awkward pause ensued, j which terminated in a roar of laughter from the soldiers." " Were the ghosts gratified f" enquired Edgar. "On the contrary." answered Maxi milian; "they were highly incensed, and manifested their wrath to some purpose. So vigorously did the man use his whip, and the lady her keys, that the soldiers were only too glad to get out of the house, the majority escaping by the win dows, the minority by the doors. One only remained, a dunder-headed fellow, who had fallen asleep behind the stove, and had there lain in blissful ignorance of the defeat of his comrades. When at last he awoke, and saw the spectral virago with the keys, he j also retreated, though she begged him to j remain, sssnnng him that, as he had not been guilty of the impertimmce «f laugh. <ng at her and her companion, no harm would be done to hum. -" Why should these ettremelv muscular Christians ha calk* ghosts at all T enquired Edgar. "Oh," answered Unranee, "the ghosts in Brandenburg and thereabouts are by no means destitute of physical strength, nor must they be associated with anything shadowy or sthursaL Why, the story k toll of oas Martinet Schoock, an old professor at Frankfort-on-tha- Oder, who was, for awhue, very proud of his disbelief in spirits, but was cured of his heresy by most substantial waring. Putting «p one night in a stnmga hma, he gave no head to the host's warns* that the only empty room was Imsmlwl s "Therein resembung the Swedkh soldiers in Maximilian's tale," ntepusad Edgar. • "He boldly ordered hm Imd to be made," continued Iterance, "and retired to teat. About —^-^rV a most un seemly noise began; and at last in came somebody with an enormous crash, who, | heavy of foot, stalked up to the profsmor. Had the learned gwntlsmsu swaaul hm usual courage he would have noticed with curiosity that his visitor was dressed in sa old German military fashion; but as he instantly drew hit hand under (he dothee his powers of nlisiss ilium were nullified. Sight, however, was not the sense to which the (host specially ap pealed It deliberately puled the clothes from the fa—JJi.. flrhnntu. thrust him under the had, ami quietly lay down in his pbos. After having reposed for about an hoar, it took its leave, the professor, uncom fortably situated as he was, having puss lit the time in fervent prayer. On wading himself alone, Bcfaoook dressed himself i with all possible speed, hastened down tlaiffi, "?" paid h«« wfepifiw to ■?■■■ host, who, observing that he looked ex ceedingly pale, asked if he had seen any thing unpleasant. The ptonnuor, though his voice faltered, had the ntmmMsof mind to say he should like to know who had been playing tricks upon him, and departed accordingly.'' "He had hit upon the truth, how ever," exclaimed Edgar. " A plainer case of playing at ghosts was never re corded." "If all accounts be correct, Schooeks convictions were not the same as yours," said Laurence. "If he kept up his charac ter for the moment of talking about tricks, he was never afterwards heard to speak sceptically or disrespeetf ally about ghosts. But to show you further the substantial character of the Branden burg spectres, let me tell the anecdote of a distiller of Btendal in the Old Mark, who, hoping to make his liquor particu larly attractive, obtained the head of a thief who had reoently been hanged." "Was the notion hk owbT asked Edgar. "No," replied Laurence. "There was an old suparatitntion that the skull of a thief, properly distilled, yielded a spirit which might advantageously be mixed with brandy." " I think we had better keep the know ledge of that fact to ourselves," suggested Edgar. "So many m jdem ways of adul teration have been tried over and over again, that an extraordinary method, un known to the present generation, might be snapped up with avidity, to the manifest detriment of the public. On the other hand, I admit that the superstition might easily furnish the subject for a story in favor of total abstinence. The teetotal moralist might say that Stephen of Bten dal (not a bad name) was an honest, in dustrious man, until an unlucky glass of schnapps, followed by many others, weak ened his veneration for the laws of pro perty. A robbery, accompanied by a murder, resulted in his execution. Nor did the mischief done by bis first glass end even here. After his death his skull was used for the production of that very liquor which had brought destruction upon himself, and who shall say that the miserable pedigree of crime and retribution was not car ried down, in one unbroken line, through many generations. The brandy makes the thief, and the thief's skull makes the brandy. Thus we have a com plete <arcie, a very serpent of wickedness, with its tafl in its mouth. Mind you, this is no legend, but my own inven tion." " My legend in the meanwhile stands stfll," remarked Laurence; "but let me proceed. At night, while the distiller and his assistants were engaged in the unholy work of improving the brandy, who should walk in but the thief himself. For some time he stared at the party in uuence. At last he said in a solemn voice, ' Give me back my hand.' Kow, what say you to that V " Why, I say," answered Edgar, that the thief was very unreasonable. He evidently had a very good new head, or he oould not have stared at the party, mo he had no occasion for the old one, which had been justly forfeited to the offended laws of his country." " Pardon me," interposed Maximilian, who had long pmaetved a modest silcnnci, " I have been much amused by Laurence's two stories; but I would observe that my tale of the ghosts of Batheuow is not ended yet." " Indeed !" exclaimed Edgar. " WeD, I thought it had ended brilliantly with the defeat of the Swedish soldiers." " So did L" added Laurence. ! "If you remember," said nwmMii—^ " I promised to give you another chapter of the biography of the famed Matthias Lumau, and 1 had not yet brought him upon thescene. That, with your consent, 1 will do now." (Both bowed with a some what contrite air.) "Having heard of the victory achieved by the two ghosts, Matthias felt that an ad venture was before him quite in his own way. He had no in spectres, like your braggart Schooek. On the other hand, he believed in them as thoroughly as Jack-the-Giant-KilLer be lisved in giants, and he was likewise cor vinoed that he was a match for the best oi them. So with the pm mission of tike magistrate he tookpoaMssiouof tke house, one fine night, having firat armed liimsnlf ; with a pen and other writing materiala, and in the roam, which seemed to be the battle-field, he seated himself at a tible, ou which two candles were placed He had hsndsomriy ofisred his clert * shu« in the adventure, but the prudent nut> piwfeuud to namiii in the street ouuidV the house, and to act as a sentinel. At twdf* o'clock the door opened, and tin man with the deads and tv? whip walked in, and took his place in a very becoming manner; though it s'u^i'.t be observed that immediately after hi, I appearance one of the candle* went oui. The undaunted pastor at once rcki?<Ut*l it with the other, whereupon the ladr with the keys appeired, and out went th? other candle. Having rekindled U?i* with the first, Matthias thought the time h%d arrived for serious discussion ; si fixing his eyes on the two spectres, and begin ning with a pious address, he boldly asked what their bminesi might be. With every appearance of respect the man with the deeds unfolded a narrative of considerable length, and not a little in tricate. He had been owner of the hou'e, and of much landed property besides, as he proved by his deeds ; but with a fraudulent steward, and a disobedient nnphow, and a designing son in-law" " Skip the detail*," *v%g&te;\ Ed**r. " Well assume that somehow or other ? wrong, that required Vj be recufie-1. had been committed." " Bight," said Maximilimn, " and the case of the lady was much the snur as that of the gentleman. W«U, Mai J.i*s put down in Mack and white ail ilv: particulars, which I piss over, s«r>uii*v<l to eet matters straight, and bide tke ghosts retire to rest, and uot trouble the world any more with their jfrest nee He kept his promise, the essas were sub mitted to the proper authorities, the rightful heirs ware put into their proper places, and the house, no longer troubled, was presented to Matthias Lu«au at a free gift, and long afterwards bore his " Ws?thecaOantpwtoralwayi equally victorious f ashed Eaurenoe. "Bo,"replied HVrJ-iii.* ■ " I regret to say that the courage wi*h which be pursued has vocation of ghost <|ueller brought him to an untimely end Be heard Chat a awbUiiauaaii burial vault was haunted by a troop of noisy spirits, and resolved to encounter them. He awrnrdingty dara—dsd into the vault, but was saluted with a diabolical howl, the anmhi vinlsnllj assuring him that while they wars nudtgrofiurt the right was on their aide, and that H be did not spsedfly retreat eeme mkehief would bafal him. He took the hint, but th* terror he had futt, and possiMr also the humiliation of fam defeat, threw him into a akknem, which resulted in his death. But he lived long in the memory of hat fellow-townsman- He was an abia B??n«islw with men as well as with KhosU, and wh-n Bathenow surren dered to the 6 wades, he arranged the wsnirulstimi an much to the aitkf action of (awatiaensand of the Swedish General, that the latter presented him with a box shaped Kka • book, but filled with gAA coins. For many years his portrait was f seal led, nsnussacinc him as a stern, raaalalsmsa, witha book under hk arm, which waa commonly taken for a Bible, but whkft was meant for the Swedish in ssi ill" "As he ■agmistoi the capitulation equally to the satisfaction of both parties, what pujauut did he receive frjm the eitiaoas V asked Edgar. "Ifone. of which Insveheard,"answered Msxusilian. " Ha rmdd Bdgar.gravely, "I wonder whether the affair was conducted with the strictest impartiality V 