^ k LEGMND OF JTAWPPflW. -^Twas the 4ay pf the jnonthand ihe honr of " r iheitay When the Wisdom of Hampien was met In array Ahd$he President after a careful surrey Of his colleagues, had got himself Into the way Of doing some work \- By A sort of a spurt J T WHEN, says lie. By the by, ^RE must N-IT forget To arrange for that ROAD with the LAIRD of jKoorafc/ That'downy old inffer Will else jmake us suffer, And. put UE at last to "no end of expense, If we donft equare his- claim for the land and the fence. How, I-want to ask yon, , Councillors true And Councillors jage—What the deuce shall we do ? Kb iype ever made Could here have pourtray'd The beautiful mystification displayed And the puzzling expression of manner and air Exhibited, then By that dignified ten, When thus unexpectedly asked to declare Their opinions as councillors several and joint, On this intricate, grave, and particular point.: Wooriwyrifce then, with a cough aud a grin,, Looked straight at Stount Leura-r^Mount Iniura at him ; ' And standing upidght—with a bow to the chair— Thus delivered his sentiments in-the affair:— Mr. President—^hem 1^-since you ask my advice On this question, I'll try to be very precise. I should think—that is—yes—of course, avoid strife; It's the—1 may say—happiest day of my life. My views I have shown Quite agree with your own; r And, if I might be allowed to make a suggestion— You had better consult some one else on the question. Then up rose great Sechab—a man of some weight— And, said he, My opinions I fully would state \- Were there not in my breast What—can't be express'd, And, therefore, I only can leave to be guessed. What I mean is—of course—you all have a notion— Sir, I beg leave to second Wboriwyrite's motion. The President then, with a glance of despair, Was about to ask what had been put to the chair, When up started Leura, with confident air. ? This member 'tis said, Is long in the bead; A man of some mark—no particular beauty— Versed in all that pertains to a councillor s duty. Well skilled to disjoint , A knotty law point; • An orator, too, From his own point of view. Uniting in short, in tongue, headpiece, and pen, The traits of some very remarkable men, Addressing the Chairman, he said—If I'm pressed To speak on this subject. I'll merely suggest The plan which occurs to my mind as the best; It's apparent to me We all are at sea On the matter so long in dispute with Jf.B., And I really can't say,— At least, not to day, What advice I could tender in my hamble way. The fact is—of course,-^-exactly,—ah,—hum— (Then he twiddled his chin 'twixt his finger thumb) The Lalru. of Mount Jfoorat has got as so fast, Oh!—yesT—ha!—by Jingo! I've got it at last. There's one plan I forgot—and it's curious, too, That it hasn't as .yet been apparent to yon ; The " old gentleman " says he's unwilling to sue For the damages said to be done to his station And proposes a settlement by arbitration. 1 think we had better Just go by his letter, And if he has a good man to represent him, Let us get a rum'un to go in and win. The meeting hour is past and gone The monthly work is o'er and done, Members repair To their frugal fare, Leaving their officers all alone, ; When, a knock is heard at the outer door, Which startles the sec. from his snooze on the floor; And there enters In * The agent grim, Seeking instructic* 3 How to begin; For the Council at last had adopted a plan, And appointed the agent to act as their man. But the agent was 'cute, and declined to proceed Unless the whole matter was framed in a deed; And to this course clerk, agent, and lawyer agreed. On that office floor, At the midnight hour, With no one by to see, Hand in hand The trio stand, By one, by two, by three; And the clerk having famished the means for inditing, The lawyer, prepared, whilst the tale is reciting, Sits down to reduce the afikir into writing, With all proper diction, And tlue legal fiction— That he, the said agent, was thereby anointed, And asArbitratormosfcclearlyappoinfedv Provided that,-nevertheless, notwithstanding AU therein contained, no oneelsefiad a handin The fixing of payment by cash or debenture, Of the damages under that present indenture Being all that those presents Vers meant to Whereas, express— notwifchstod.iiig,and4neTerth^BHS. What happened thereafter is yetto relatej When again I recur to aflairs of the State. In dosing this lay, Suffice itefco say,- The indenture -was drawn up withou^more delay, - Signed, sealed, and delivered, and taken away. TitB TaptgS ,<2HOS£. 