-*- Mark Brown's Wife : A Tale of the Gold-fields. BY CHARLES DE BOOS. PART III.— THE WAGES OF SIN. CHAPTER I. — INFORMATION RECEIVED. "THE last time as I see her, mates," continued Tom Drew, and it must be remembered that his narrative was consecutive, "was the saddest time of all. I was knocked over above a bit when I met her before with that little mite of a baby, but it cut me to the heart, men, when I saw her for the last time. It was a good job as Mark was dead and gone, for he'd never have been able to bear up against that, good a heart as he had, and ready as he was to forgive her every thing and to take all the blame on himself. You've all heard how Mark was butchered by that bloody minded ruffian — Ginger, or Ruggy Dick, as they called him. Well, when it was known how he had served the poor fellow we turned out on all sides. Upon Spring Creek I fairly thought as die hands would have all gone mad when they were told about the stripping of poor Mark and throwing him on to the ant bed. Thank heaven, he was dead when this was done, leastways that was what they said as was there on the ground ; but that made no differ- ence to us as heard it. I never see such a sight in my life as I saw then when thev got the news. There was great big fellows as you'd think hadn't got a ha'porth of feeling in'em as set down and cried, whilst others went swearing like troopers, and rushing out on to the road vowing all manner of vengeance. There were at least three hundred went out from Spring Creek to track the bushrangers, and the murderers would have had a bad time of it if they had fallen into the hands of any of the party. The police and the law courts wouldn't have had much trouble over the matter — My word, no ! I can't tell you exactly how I felt when I got word of what took place . It stunned me like, and I really don't know as I felt anything, except a want to be alongside of Ginger for just two minutes. I felt that so hard and so strong as to be a pain to me. I don't know if you understand me, mates ; but it was just as if I wanted to fly off through the air and pitch down aside of him, and that something kept me back as I couldn't help. I got into such a state that I couldn't eat or sleep, and if it wasn't for the brandy as I took that time I believe it would have been a cooker with me. They tell me as I was quiet and active and regular, making all the arrangements for going after the rascals so quiet and steady as to astonish 'em ; but I hardly re- collect anything about it. I know though as I started off from the creek six hours after I got the news with a party of six picked determined men — well armed and well mounted, for we wouldn't start till every one of us had got a horse as we could depend upon for speed and bottom. But it wasn't to be, mates. They wasn't to be took that time, though we did all as mortal men could do to hunt 'em up ; we went down to where the murder was done, and from that we tracked 'em for two days, till we lost 'em in the Gippsland Ranges. There the gang broke up, and we split up our own party, some following one track and some another. Of course we didn't know the men as we were following, but somehow I had a notion that as he had murdered my mate I couldn't help hitting the track of Ginger. I mulled it though, for after following one trail for tour days, I come to a station where some of the hands had seen a man pass two days before. They described him to me, but it wasn't Ginger as they'd seen. Next day we came across the man's horse, regular knocked up, and then there was an end to our work, for the poor beast had been moving about for two days, and there was no such a thing as following tracks as he'd made. Well, I come back to the creek, and there I heard as the police had been out in all directions without finding their men. They hadn't gone the right road though, for hearing as we'd gone Gippsland way, they hadn't searched that part of the country. I believe that when they split up they doubled back upon us, all except that one as I'd run down till his horse wouldn't go no further. We'd made pretty good quarters at the creek, and our claim was pretty nigh worked out, so we agreed to finish it off and then to break up the party and to cut the place as had been so unlucky to poor Mark. Yes, neither me nor my mates could make up our minds to gather gold in a spot where we had suffered such a loss. It looked almost buying it with his blood, leastways that's how it seemed to us. In about six weeks we worked out and divided, and then I took a turn round to see if I could get any signs of Ginger or his black-hearted crew. The police must have thought me mad them days, the way I went among 'em, getting them to point out to me any t'other sides as they happened to know. And when I did see any of em, my word but I followed 'em about to find out their pale, and see if any of 'em were my men. I carried on this game for nigh upon two monthss when I came upon a cove as I recollected seeing a good bit about the post-office at the creek where Mark's letters were lost. I knew it wasn't no good to go up and claim acquaintance with him, as he wouldn't know me, and I couldn't get nothing out of him, even if he was one of the lot, unless I could persuade him as I was in it. I dodged him about for a couple of days, till at last I catches him in a shanty ; I calls for something to drink, and asks him what he'll take. Well, he has rum, and so do I, and we gets into a bit of a yarn abeut diggings, this place and the other. When I sees the shanty keeper's back turned, I Ieans over to him and I asks "where's the Captain?" for I knew that was what they called Ginger. My word, you should have seen how pale he turned, and he looked at me as if I'd been a ghost. Just then, the shanty keeper came back, and I put up my hand to the fellow to warn him not to answer my question. This seemed to give him more confidence, and we had another glass or two, and I got into con- versation with the shanty keeper more than with the chap I was drinking with, and wanted to talk to ; I could see though as he thought, me all right, and in the course of talking I outs with the names of one two as I knew as he'd know. That did the business, for at last he says ; "Well, I must hook it — I ain't done much good here, and I'm going, to start away, Tom." "Going to cut digging, matey," says I. "Yes," says he, "it don't suit me, and I ain't lucky." "Better luck next time,"says I, "have another shy in." " No," says he, '"I've got a brother in Melbourne," and he looks very hard at me so as to make my heart come up into my mouth, for I knew what he meant, "He's got a billet for me, and I'm going to join him." With that away he goes, and you may depend I wasn't long after him, I only stayed just time enough, to take the down off, in case he was planted anywhere to watch me. I don't think he was, for I didn't see nothing of him. The next day I was off for Melbourne. I'd learnt what I wanted to know, and that was that the man I meant to hunt down was in Melbourne. I was- down in two days, and the first thing as I did was to give information to the police that Ginger, or Ruggy, was in the city. They wanted to know how I'd found out, and some of the clever fellows cocked up their noses at me, telling me as he couldn't be in town without their knowing it. I wasn't going to tell 'em one bit more than I cared, but says I to a big stuffy sergeant as seemed to be too large for his re- gimentals, "If you won't find him, I will ; and then it will look nice in the papers when it comes out as how you got the information, and wouldn't do nothing." This made him a bit more civil, and so he sends for what he called, I think, a "plain clothes man," and up comes a smart looking fellow as looked like a lawyer's clerk, and I almost laughed in the man's face when he brought me a chap like that to help me. " If it was writing or ciphering," says he, "he'd do it, but not this work." The young fellow he smiles, and begins speaking to me, and then I soon found out as he was worth the whole boiling of 'em. "You're my man," says I ; and away we go off to talk the matter over, and have a glass of beer. In less than no time he had it all out of me, how I got the information, and how I'd worked throughout. Then he shakes me by the hand, and says he, " You're just the man as I want to work with. You've done everything as well as the best detective in the country could have done — only one thing !" "And what's that ?" says I. "When you'd got that man, you ought never to have let him out of sight." "But," says I, "he'd have had a down on me if he'd caught me following him." "If you'd have let him catch you," says he. " Couldn't you have pitched to him about joining the gang ? Or couldn't you have disguised yourself, as anything — as a woman ? " I couldn't help laughing at the notion of me being disguised as a woman. " There's many women's bigger than you," says he, "and you wouldn't make up bad for an old 'un, leastways if you'd keep your tongue quiet." We had some more talk, and then we made it up as I was to meet him at the theatre, and we was to go round some of the cribs where Ruggy was likely to be met with, " for," says he, " if your information is correct, he's got business in hand, and isn't laying by." About half-past seven I meets him at the theatre. I was going to make a long yarn with him, the same as I'd done before, when he stops me, and he says, " You and me musn't be seen together. I'm pretty well known in spite of the plain clothes, and if you're with me it will be all up, especially as Ruggy will know you, when perhaps you mightn't know him. Now any place as I go up to, you go right in and look about. Don't be in a hurry, take your time, and see everything as is to be seen, and don't you move away as long as you've got any doubt on your mind. With that he walks away ahead of me, and he goes into a public-house where there was a piano playing, and begins to yarn with the publican behind the bar. When I comes in after, he turns round and looks at me up and down as if he'd never seen me before, and as if he'd a doubt from my appearance whether he oughtn't to take me into custody at once. Just as I was going into the door of the singing room, I heard him say to the landlord, "Who is that suspicious looking fellow ?" I didn't hear the land- lord's reply, but I expect he didn't give me a very good character. We went into the theatre, and we went into about a dozen of these places ; in some was singing, in some was dancing, in some was drinking; but ne'er a sign did I see of the man I wanted. CHAPTER II. — THE LAST MEETING. It was wetting on for twelve o'clock. The theatre was over, and all the places was chock full of people. Danncing rooms, singing rooms, drinking places, every- here was crowded. My companion goes up to a large place, as seemed to be lighted up from, top to bottom. There was a big bar which hardly seemed to have room for another person when we went in. I was after him pretty quick, and come against him in The crowd. "Up stairs ! " says he in a whisper, and I makes away to a door which I fancied led up stairs, and sure enough so it did. There was men and women ini the passage, men and women on the stairs, and men and women everywhere, and such women, mates ! It almost went against me to go in among 'em, specially as they tried all they knowed to make me notice 'em. Some was singing, some was swearing, some was doing what they called dancing. Such a scene I never see be- fore and such a sight I took precious good care never to set eyes on again. I had to push my way among 'em to get up stairs. When I got up, there was one of 'em standing with her back to me right across the door. She didn't seem to be doing nothing but just looking on and she was about the only one of 'em as I'd met as was quiet. I just put my hand on her arm to push her gently aside to let me in, when she give a start at the touch, and turned round. Mates, you might have knocked me down with a feather when I see her face. It was Mark's wife, dressed out to the nines in satins and ribbons, just as them poor creatures decorate themselves off to take the fancy, and her cheeks was painted up with red to take the down off their hollow baggardness. I knowed her at once, and so she knowed me too, fox she turned as white as a sheet, except where she'd got the two patches of red on her face, and them patches made the ghastly whiteness of the rest of her countenance look all the more horrible. "Mr. Drewe ! " says she, in a gasping kind of 'way. "Mrs. Brown," says I, in a voice as wasn't much better than hers. "Oh heavens ! " says she. "What must you think of me! " I couldn't answer her, for how could I throw water on a drowned rat. Then she takes me by the arm, and she pulls me into the room. There was a lot of tables there, with people sitting down at 'em, some eating, some drink- ing, and all in between was men and women crowding every spot. She pulls me away up into a corner, to a table where a man and woman was sitting. She leans down to the woman and whispers something to her about "ooking out for Jem," and the woman says "All right," and as they seemed to have finished feeding, they got up, and we sat down in their places. "Have you too much contempt for me," says she, "to sit down and listen to my defence." She didn't say defence, but some big word as I don't remember. "Mrs. Brown,"says I, "it ain't for me to judge you ; but, oh, think of what poor Mark would have felt if he could have seen what I'm now looking at." She puts her hand up to her throat, and her eyes takes a wild kind of look as she says, "Don't mention his name — I can't bear it yet !" And she leans back in her chair, and gives a gasping sort of a sob. " I'm not used to this sort of thing, yet," says she, "and, thank heaven, I never shall be. My time will not be long here." I looks at her, and l thinks to myself as she was about right, for she looked next to death's door as it was. But I thought to hearten her up a bit, and says I, "You mustn't give way. Just knock off this life, and as long as I've an ounce of gold you shall share it. Besides, there's Mark's gold as you'll be able to get, and a pretty tidy lot, too." " I wouldn't touch a grain of it to save me from starvation," says she; "not whilst I'm what I am now. But I want to tell you how little I'm to blame." And then she up and tells me all about how she'd fallen ill and been took to the hospital the night of the day as I'd met her ; and how she'd been there six weeks or more, and coming out read the account of her husband's murder, and fainted. And how she'd been took up for drunk, and fell across some woman in gaol who'd took her home, gave her liquor till she was nigh mad, and whilst in that state had made her what I then saw her. It was a long dreary tale, and as she ended says she, "Oh, Mr. Drewe, tell me as you don't think me so bad as you did at first." " My poor girl," says I, "I pity you; from the bottom of my heart I pity you." "Oh, how can I thank you for those words," says she, "the first real words of kindness as I've heard for months." Just then there was the woman as had left the seat for come to the door and sings out, "Cicely ! Cicely ! " Mark's wife starts up, and says she, " I shall see you again to-morrow. There is a man as wants to marry me, and take me out of this life — he is an honest, hard- working digger — " "But there's Mark's gold," says I. "No. If I am to become an honest woman, it will not be by the gold which cost him his life." The woman was pushing her way towards us ener- getically and evidently in an excited state of mind. "He's coming up," cries she. Cecily took me by the hand ; " I must go and join him now," says she, " but I will see you again to morrow." I pressed her hand, and a tear came to my eye. I felt a weight as I couldn't account for at my breast, and all I could say was "God help you !" I felt in clined to stop her from going, and to take her away with me to some respectable lodgings away from this horrid life. But when I looked round and saw how little chance there would be of my doing such a thing, unless she were perfectly willing, and that I knew she was not. As I watched her to the door, I saw a big dark complexioned man enter it. He had jet black hair, and a large flowing black beard, whilst his face was as dark as a gipsy's. He looked over to me as fe caught my eye. I fancied that there was a change in his countenance. "Wherever have I seen that face before ? " says I to myself, for that I had seen it before A could have sworn. I looked again, but he had turned away from me, and was leading Cicely to yards the door. He was very respectably dressed, — in a much quieter way than was usual among diggers m those days. After thinking over it a bit, I gives it up, when I looks round and all of a sudden it strikes me that I have been forgetting what I've come there for. " A nice mess I've made of it,"' says I to myself, \- " If Ginger has been here and seen me with Cicely it's all up with my chance of nailing him." The rooms had thinned out now, and people were going away. Nobody like the man I wanted was amongst those left, and I goes down the stairs very sheepish indeed. My friend, the constable, he walks befiore me to the lock-up, not speaking a word till he'd got me inside out of sight. "So he wasn't there," says he. "Nor nobody like him," says I. "Well I made sure if hewas out at all, he'd have been up in that crib — never mind, " says he " better luck next time. "That night ain't been altogether lost, " says I, "for that last place as we were in, I saw the wife of the man he murdered." "What?" asked the plain clothes man, in surprise. " It's a queer story," says I, and I ups and tells him the yarn as Cicely had told me. "I know the woman you mean," says he, "but I never heard as she was the wife of Mark Brown. She's about the quietest of that lot that we have." "And her story's true I swear," says I. " Yes. I believe it is," says he, and he pulls out his tobacco pouch, "What do you say to a pipe whilst we try and work this thing out ? " "Just the very thing as I wanted, only I didn't know as it was allowed here." "Well you see, we aint locked up," says he, "that makes all the difference." We lighted up and smoked in silence for about ten minutes, at last he says: — "Don't you think as this woman may help us?" "She aint very bright," says I. "But she's a woman, and being a woman she'd go through fire and water to nail the murderer of her hus- band," says he. "Yes," says I, " if she could be kept from getting excited. She almost fainted to-night when I spoke of her husband." "She's the woman," says he, " She'll be as hard as nails when the real pinch comes." "Well," says I, "if you'll take me to the house we'll hunt her up in the morning." "That's about our ticket,"says he. Whilst we'd been talking, I could hear a woman's voice in the front part of the office, talking in shrill and excited tones. Just as we had come to the con- clusion the sergeant on duty comes in upon us and says he, "Here's something in your line, Mr. Clutchem, just about the very case as you're work ing up." "What is it ?" says he without getting up. " It's a woman coming to get the reward for her fancy man," says the sergeant laughing. " Show the lady in by all means," says my friend ; and in comes a fine looking woman, but coarse and gross, and evidently of the lower class of women of a particular description. "Oh, Mr. Clutchem," says she, "You know how I've stuck to him through thick and thin. I could have given him up and got the reward any time this last month, but I wouldn't do it. No, as long as he stuck to me I stuck to him. Now he's turned me up and took up with another. I don't see no reason why he should expect me to hold my tongue." Clutchem had let her run on her own way in the hope of getting something out of her, but as he was left in the dark after all he says, " Who the deuce are you talking about? " "Oh, Mr. Clutchem," says she, "don't you know who my man is, when many 's the time I've watched you off to get the road clear for him." " I really never interested myself about him," said my friend. The woman opened her eyes very wide, "Do you really mean to say that ?" says she. "Why,"' says the chap, "I should have nothing else to do if I watched off all your fancy men." The woman laughed too, and then she says, "Ah, but this one I've knowed for the last twenty year." The officer apparently paid very little attention, for he knocked out his pipe and filled it again, and says he, as he put his pipe in his mouth, "Who is he?" The woman seemed goaded by the nonchalance of the officer, and said, "Ruggy Dick !" "Just as you said," said he, turning to me, "You see we were quite right about his being in Mel- bourne." "Am I to get the reward or not," said the woman in a very excited tone. "That depends entirely upon whether you make a clean breast of it, and do the thing at once," says he, "Here's a gent from the country has brought us the same news, perhaps he may be first, — then there are others ? " "I can put you on him at once. He's turned me up, and he's gone off with the woman as he's took in my place," says she. " And where is he ? " asked the officer. "But the reward ? "says the woman. "If he's taken on your information, you'll get it," says the plain clothes man. "And I'll give another hundred on my own hook." says I. "Then I'm your woman," says she, "Just you send off straight to Mrs. Brightinen's and you'll find him with a pale-faced chit, as they call Cicely Brown." "Cicely Brown !" says I. "Cicely Brown !" says the plain clothes man. "Yes, nobody else," says the woman. "Great heavens !" says I, "the wife of the man he murdered! " I don't know what took place after that, for my head spun round and I tumbled off my chair, and it was two or three days before I come too again. 