To the Editor of the Yass Courier, Sta, — I have no doubt hut that tlio Rov. J. Gibson will hitnsolf deal with Mr. Blnkc, but I am un willing to lot sttoh n letter ns tho ono which appeared in vonr tsstio of tho 1st inBt. pnes bv without correcting somo of tho mistakes which I10 has mado .in it. Allow mo first of all to con- gratnlato Air. Bluko on having written tho best lottor which lias appoarcd for u long timo on tho Roman Catholic sido of tho question, as it cortainly displays a certain ninonnt of study which, if ho continues, cannot fail to cnuso n chango in his views which would bo vory bono- iicial, nnd also becnuso tho lottor is tolorably freo from the courso nbuso and tho personalities which gonorally chnractorisa Roman Catholic writing in this district. I desire now, first of all, to correct somo of tho particular orrors into which Mr. Blake 1ms fallen in his intorpretntion of somo passagos of Scripture, nnd thon to ontor upon tlio goneral principle of tho sufficiency of Scripture as a rule of faith, nnd tho duty wh.ch belongs to all Christians to study it for thomselves. And tho first passago to which ho refers is John v., 39, ns to whicli ho nssorts that tlio word trans lated search is iiulicntivo nnd not iraporntivo, and thereby implies thnt our Lord gavo hero no injunction to tho Jews to search tlio Old Testa ment Scriptures for proofs of Tlis Divino'mission. Now, in opposition to this Air. Blnko may not bo nwnro that a largo majority of - tho oarliosfc Fathers of the Church had no doubt of tho word crcunalc (I writo tlio Greek word in English characf nrs) being imporntivo. Amongst others nro Ghrysostom, Thuophilus, and Augustine, whilo a great commentator, Luthardt, remarks - that tho almost unanimous vardicb of tho Orook lathers for tlio imporntivo decides him in its favour. Whilo tlio- wholo context proves thnt our Lord directed them to search tho Scriptures to soo in them tlio proofs of His Divine-mission, ns the voice of John tho Baptist, nnd 3 1 is own works, and tho voico of conscience, hail- failed to touch llictn tlio truth. Whilo the nosition of the vorb hoforo tho nonn, instead of nftor it, gives nnothor omphalic proof that it is tho imperative, denoting command, and nob tho ipdicntivo denoting censure. The noxt passage Ah. Bluko quotes is ii. Rotor, 1, 20, "Thnt no prophecy of tho Scripture is of any private interpretation." Now, tho meaning of this passage ho has ontiroly mistnkon. Tho word epilusis plainly rofors to tho prophets who spoke, and not to tho hearers who heard, or those who read thoso prophecies, and this is confirmed at onco by tho uso of tho word ginelai, and not csli, tlio former word always pointing lo origin, and also is indisput ably settled by tho tn-xt verse which explains it by saying, " For prophecy came not in old titno by 1 1 1 o will of man : hut holy men of God spnko as thoy wero moved by the Holy Ghost." Thus tho meaning of tho passago clearly is, that no prophecy of tho Script tires is tho private thought of him who wrote it, for thoy woro all moyod and taught hv tho Holy Spirit. I can pass over tho reference to the Hoist, lo of St. Paul to Timothy, by merely remarking that if", St. Paul commended Timothy becunso from a child ho hnd boon familiar with Holy Scripture, it, looks a little liko a commondation of early familiarity with thoso Scriptures which woro then obtainable. But there is ono passage which scorns to hnvo osenped Mr. .11 1 aire's notice, hut which cortainly honrs on tho point in question, namely, tho Fonrchinginto Jloly Scripture for tho discovery of truth, viz., tho praise bestowed by St. Ltiko on tlio Boronns for adopting tlio vory course which wo Protostnnts claim to adopt in tho discovery of Diviuo truth. I11 Acts xvii., 11 (I quolo thoDouny translation), "Now tlioso woro moro noble titan thoso in 1 hossalotttca, who received t.lio word with nil cagenieFu, daily searching the Scriptures whether those things wero so." Surely, then, wo Protest ants nro justified in searching the Scriptures to soo whether tho doctrines promulgated by tho Church of Iiomo aro tlio original doctrines tnuglit by Christ and Ilis Apostjos. As regards tho command to study the Now Tosturnont, tho argument from analogy, from tho . reason of tho thing, ns woll as from tho unanimous testimony ol tho early Christian fathers, would bo nmply sufficiont,, Imt I huvo great pleasure in pointing out somo passages in tlio Now Testament which oven hears upon this, showing that tho Epistlos of St. Paul woro mount to ho tho common study of all Christians for thoir instruction nnd con firmation in tho fnith. At tho close of tho Epistlo to tlio Colossinns (chap, iv., v. 10, Douny), I read this, "And when this epistlo shall hnvo boon rotul with you, cnuso thnt it, ho rond also in tho Church of tho Laodicouns ; and that you road that which is of tho Laodicoans." I wonder whnt tho priosts, who maintain thnt tlio Bible is a dangerous book to ho put into the hands of tho poople, say to this ? Horo is n particular instruc tion from tho noblest of the inspired Apostlos that his lot tors should be interchanged and read in tho dilleront churches. But this is not a singular instance. In tlio close of tho noxt Epistlo (1 Thos. iii., 27), St. Pnulngnin solomnly warns tlioso to whom lie sont- it thnt this epistlo should ho rond to all tho Christians. Not only, mark you, to tho bishops nnd oldors, hut to all tlio holy brethren, " I chnrgo you by tho Lord that this opistlo be road to nil tho holy brethren." I am vory glad to bo nblo to draw Air. Blako's nttontion to tlioso passages, ns I fool sure thnt thoy must givo him n now light on tho subject of tho nso which tho writers of tho New Testament intended to hnvo mado of their writings. I would also refer Art. Blnko to tho prefneo to St. Luke's Gospel, in which wo hnvo n triumphant proof of tho superiority of written testimony over oral teaching, St. Lnko oxprcssly stating that I10 wroto to Theophilns, who had nlreudy boon orally or catochotically instructed in tho facts of our Lord's lifo, and who was ovidently a Christina, to correct tho mistakes always incidont 011 morn oral instruction, nnd to sol, hoforo him r. true anil lull account of our Lord's lifo. Aro wo Protostnnts wrong in preferring tho written testimony of St. Luko as to tho truth of whnt Christ taught to tho oral touching and tradition of the Church of Rome ? Surely, accnriling tn tho Romish iirgumont, St. Luke lintl hotter hnvo .loft his Gospel alone and not have written to givo Theophilns tho certainly of tlioso tilings in which lie had been instructed. 1 ooino now to tho gonoral question as to tho possibility of Scrip ture hoing tho solo judgo of controversies in religion. And on this to ho very brief, and yc-t 1 think very sure of the approval of Air. Blako. I think tho best answer is to quote tho admirnbio language of Mr. Chilliagworth, who was, when n young man, in the days of Charles 1., indnoed'hy tlio active .Jesuit, Fisher to join the Church of Rome, and who then studied for somo time at Douny, where ho got so thoroughly convincod that, ho had forsaken tho truth and ombrocod error, that, ho again left, tlio Church of Rome, and wus (or many years engaged in controversy with somo of tlio cleverest Jesuits, and invariably to their discomfiture. On this subject ho thus writes : — " As for t he impossibility of Scriptures being tho sole judge of controversies, that is tho solo nilo fur men to judge t.heni by (for wo moan nothing else), you only affirm it without proof, as if tho thing wefo evident of itself ; nnd, there fore, conceiving tho contrary to ho more evident, I might, woll content myself to deny it wither.:, refutation. Yc-t I cannot hut dosiro you to tell me, if Scripture cannot, ho tho judgo of nny con troversy, how shall that touching tho Church and tho marks of it ho determined ? And if it be the solo judge of this one, why may it not si others ? Why not of all ? Thoso only excepted, n herein tiio Scripture itsolf is tho subject of question, which cannot ho determined, but by natural reason, the only priuciplo, besido Scrip tare, which is common to Christians." In other words, you ask 1110 to hcliovo that yonr Church is the (rue Church of Christ, because you say aha possesses certain murks which Seriptnre suyt belong lo the true Church. And do you not see that in this you ask mo both to oxerciso my reason, and to search tho Scriptures to discover the truth, and yet in the same breath yen deny that oithor reason or Scripture are safe guides 