PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. SWAN HILL. An interesting ceremony in connection with the above church, took place at Swan Hill on Wed tiesauy, the 20th instant, at eleven a.m., viz., the induction of the Rev J. Bentley Reid to the pastorate [of the congregation. There was a good attendance, notwithstanding the excessive hcnt of the weather. The Rev. J. Johnstone, M.A., of Echnca, having been appointed Moderator, pro tern, preached and presided. The Eev J. L. Roxburgh,- of VVedderburn, narrated the steps which had led to the o;ill, ordination, and induction of the Rev J. Bentley Reid, and in due form inducted him as the pastor of the Preabyterian Churoh, Swan Hill. The Rev J. Nish, of Sandhurst, then delivered the charges to pastor . and people, in bis usual masterly and complete manner. At the conclusion of the service, according to Presbyterian custom, the Moderator acoompanied the newly inducted pastor to tbo door, when the congregation had an opportunity of giving the right hand of welcome to him who was now their spiritual shepherd. Another ceremony took place in the afternoon of the same day in the Ba'rae building,' the distribu • tion of very handsome and excellently chosen book prizes, the gift of S. H. Officer, Ksq., to the oommon school children of Swan Hill. Swan Hill, bb well as Melbourne, has its speech day.. The Rev Mr Rtid presided, and Mrs Officer presented the prizes, which were received •'with evident satisfaction by their recipients. Several recitations were well given by the children ; and. Mr Willoughby, the teacher, deserves credit for the manner in which his pupils stood the examination given them. Short addresses were given' by the ftevs Nish, Roxburgh, Johnstone, Reid, and Messrs Officer, Wise and Willoughby. Yet again, in the evening of the same day, the Rev J. Nish delivered a lecture on Spiritism. The attendance was not as good as it might have been,' but as good as could be expeoted undef the circumstances, two meetings having preceded it, and the evening being close and sultry. The lecturer,' by many illustrations, proved that phenomena equally as wonderful as those of spiritism, have taken place, and are taking plao'e, which can be accounted for by natural laws independently of ghosts and spirits. HiB opinion being that the wonders of spiritism are to be accounted for in the eame way. The lecture was listened to witli as great interest and attention as the present popularity of the subject incites. The 2uth of November, 1871, will be long remembered by the Presbyterians of Srtan Hill as one of the eventful days in their church's history. Swan Bill Hospital.—We have been favored' by the Wardsraanof the Swan Hill Hospital with' the following report, for the week ending 25th ^ December, 1871:—Remaining iu hospital at last \ report, 12; admitted since, 2 ; discharged, cured, 2 ; relieved, 1; incurable, 0 ; died, 0; remaining in hospital, 11. Rivebina an Independent Colon?.—Th: Separation movement inaugurated at the pubic meeting last week has taken a great hold on tie public mind, and will doubtless continue to grew in popularity. The people of tbia part of the colony are tired of having their commercia interests beaten about like a shuttlecock betweei the conflicting claims of Melbourne and Sydney / ond even the most liberal iutercolonial treat;, / would lose attractiveness in the eyes of thos ' who fee! that, at the best, ouch treaties are onl' ' like bladders and are liable to sudden collapse t any time—or at any rate, when their shot periodof existence has matured. It is undet? stood that the proBecntion of further agitation i the production of exact and definite statistics & which the claims of Riverina can be sustainedn regard to capability for Separation will now v»>t for the production of exact and defini'e atatieicp on which the claims of Riverina can be eib; stantiated in regard to capability for a aepaatj and effective existence as a distinct- colfflj^ Until these reliable statistics can be got togebei we shall refrain from urging the matter, bni the popular opinion, on a prirhei facia view o! the position, continues to lean moat unmistakably to Reparation.—Albury Banner. • , ■ 1 At Clones the thermometer sbow£d loodeg id the shade on the 22nd of December. A Chinese named Ah Sen, received a fatal sunstroke { the' unfortunate man never spoke, but sprang inttf . the air and fell dead. ' 