TOPICS OF THE DAY. It is n'ptf improbable that the branch mail steamer from the Sound will be telegraphed daring to-morrow. Her wire dates will be un to the 2Gth of October, and some definite : information may be expected respecting the state of the Queen's, health, which at pre- 'sentYs a -matter of much anxiety to many. From the Continent we may expect to hear the reirilt'd'f- -the late (meeting of the Empe- rbra, and also what the future of Germany's .relations with Italy and Russia is likely to .b'e. The Inspeotor.General of Public Works, Mr. W. W. Wardell, returned to Melbourne last night, after visiting Sandhurst and Castlemaine on business conneoted with his- department. At Sandhurst he inspected the works being carried on 'at the gaol, the post- office, the new ward of the hospital, and the storm-water channel, which latter works are being carried out by tho local council. In the Castlemaine district he inspeoted works in progress at Forest Creek, and at the Castle maine Gaol, in addition to considering arrangements in connection with projected works at'jCariipb'eira. With respoot' to all tho works Ynbpebtod wo understand that Mr. r ;\yardoli;',; cxpreB3od ' a satisfactory opinion. - Some - time during next weck; he purposes starting on an oxtonsivo tour of inspootion through tho North, North western and Western districts, and will in aU probability bo, absent from town about a fortnight,,. C . It has boeq- determuied by tlio Mining department that .Conditions to tho following effect shall bo— inserted in all gold-mining looses to bo issued after this dato : — First : In overy leaso 'issued tho Minister at tho department shall hove tho power to grant sites for residencies or places of business, but the mining operations will not bo interfered with by persons in whoso favor such sites miy . bo reserved. Second : When quartz reefs nro leased, permission may bo given to holders of miners' rights to mine the allu vium", caro boinj; taken that the interostsof the leaseholders are properly protected. Tho Rev. Mr. Gillespie, this morning, mado application to the hon. tho Prcsidont of Lands that a site of laud at Coleraino, upon which to orect a mechanics' institute, might bo put up for salo, by public auction, to allow of tho committee, when tho building was ercoted, eftecting a mortgage on the same, a course which', they would bo unablo to adopt were the laud merely reserved for me chanics' institute purposep. Mr. Grant said an order, as requested, should be issued. Dtirrag to-day the hon, the Minister of Railways and Mr, Higinbothnm, tho Eo- ginoor-in-Chief, have been engogod in tho con sideration of tho tesder of Messrs. Cain, 2)alrymplc:and Holton, for tho construction c9 tho third1 section ef tho North Eastern Railway. We bclieve-it is by no means cer tain that the tender wiiS be accepted. The following gives tho roturn of tho wool rccsived from tho several stations- on tho Victorian linos of railway at the Gpencor- strcet terminus for tho fortnight ending 17th November, IS71 Ecbuoa, C143 bales; RocSester, 2ED do ; Runnymodc, 4 ?5 do ; Sandhurst, 68f? do; Kangaroo Flat, T37 do ; Ravenswood, 203 do ; Castfcraaine, 424 do ; Elphinstonc, 3S do ; Malknabury, 6 do ; Kj-neton, 77 do ; Loigh'i Tfoad, 27CT- do ; Keilor -Road, 137 do ; Eiggara It eat,. 5 do ; Ballarat, 1344 do ; Geelong, 191 do ; Worri- bee, if)3 do. Total, 10, CS3' bales, as against 0920 bales received for tho corresponding fortnight of 1S70, or a balance in favor of tho pest fortnight of 370S - balos. Tho- total number of bales- received' to diito is 4S,06G, the number received for a corresponding portion of last year being 15,577, or an ox- cess in favor or" 187 1 of 26,433' balosi Tho Corowa steamer; with 700 bains- of wool, ar- rivedlat the Wharf, Ecbuca, air 5 o'clock this morning. Tbo eleventh meeting of; tho "Victorian Rifla Association oee-jpyiDg a longer time than- was anticipated would, bo the- case, the hon-. the Minister of Railways, id answer to an application mndcr by Cblbnel Anderson, hao intimated that, return tickets granted to-up-countey volunteers attending tho meet-, ing, will be-availabfo for rsturn up to Tues- clay morning next.. Wo understand, that everything is now in readiness for the reception of lunatics in tho north wing of tho new asylum at Kcw, arjaugoments for accommodating 200 patients in that portion of tho building having boon completed. The Mail has been informed that there will shortly bo started in Ballarat a hew company,.,; to; be called- the " Tradesmen's Financial Association," in ono thousand shares of £5 each, 5s per. share to bo paid on application, nnd ' Bay la per WivL „er share until the full amount > ' "The object. ot, tho compor- wina to £ -Heve tradesmen reqmr- m ary loans for short per oris at v rensbonaWj rato. The y socunt" ndeossary for "shareholders Vil . . will be the names of two respcot- _ and approved householders. Tho com- . panv is to be registered under tho Limited I Liafiilitv Act, and to be managed by a secre- I tary ana board of directors, who will meot I say twice a w - oonBider and decide ' uPh applications." ifc ' suggested that the profit bo divided every t,Ueo " mn"'3'. and that for the first six mi,. , . necessary clerical assistance, & gratis by. the board of directors, in' wdor to thoroughly test - tho scheme," "Onr'co!>l'em porary predicts that if this company is hie- oessfully launched it will bo the saving of many in business at present who dread ask ing assistance from loon offices of banking honsea on account of the enormous interest- asked, and be the means of keeping many an nonest tradesman's head abovo water daring times of general depression. It appears that the recent earthquake made itself felt beyond the Murray also, as we learn from the Wagga Wagga Express that " On Sunday morning last, at about 2 o'clock another smart shock of earthquake, accompanied with the usual rumbling noise, was felt at Tarcutta, Adelong-crossing, Gun- dagai, Coolah, and neighbouring districts. Crockery and other light articles on shelves and tables were a good deal shaken and rat- tled, but no damage appears to have been anywhere sustained. This makes the seventh or eighth shock of earthquake that has been felt in these districts within the last few months." An exasperating failure of justice has taken plaoo in Ballarat, as we learn from tho Mail'.— "The remanded ease against Daniel -Kenison, cab driver, and proved seducer of young girls of from fourteen to seventeen years, for being the occupier of a house fre quented by persons having no lawful visible means of support, was brought on again in the Borough Police Court on Friday morning, Mr. Trench appearing for the prisoner a de fence. Tho court was crowded to excess tr, hear the disgusting detaile, but as the givis "implicated stated their respective ages to be above that of which the . law takes criminal cognizance, and in most caseB the father or mother appeared stating their home .was always upen to them, the charge against KenisotTbroke down,' and_ he was regretfully discharged with a caution: Several oi the girls were in court charged With being neglected children, but in every case except one they were discharged into the custody of. their parents, and in the excep tional cose, the unfortunate girl named Chadley was remanded with a view to send ing her to the Industrial School. It is ten thousand pities that no law. at present exist ing can interfere with the liberty of such a deeply-dyed villain,'and protect our feminine yOQvu iromBUCu uuparaucitju uwuuii/y ua wauv proved against him. , "We" are no admirers of Judge Lynch, but in a ease like this we fool inolined to believe -that the sympathies of every right-minded man — aye, and woman also — would be' with those who ' tarrod and feathered' the" wretch, and made him make a compulsory exit ' from amongst us 1 on a rail.' " A correspondent of tlio Geelong Times says that beche de mer, found among the islands of the South Seas, is likely to super sede tho use of cod-liver oil in the treatment of cheat diseases. An analysis recently made by an eminent German cbcmist proves beche de mer to contain a grester proportion of iodine than any of the medicines hitherto looked upon as being beneficial in the treat ment of consumption. ; The ceremony of baptism by immersion, or "dipping," as it is more commonly termed, was performed on Thursday, at the Talbot bathing reserve, Mr. G. Leo Surlier and Mr. J. P. "Wright being the celebrants. As wo learn from the Talbot Leader, "a l 'gentleman of color' and two females, one of whom was tho. ' colorod gentleman's' wife, submitted themselves to tho cold water teBt. Fully 250 woro prosent, of both sexes, not including ohildron. For about an hour prior to the commonooment of the ceremony spootators continued to arrive, and as 5 o'clock (tho hour at which tho cere mony was to tako plaoo) passed, gravo doubts woro "o'xprcssod that tho ohango in tho temperature' would iuduco a post ponement at least, if the affair was not alto gether a hoax. As we had, however, cluo ' faith' in our lntormanvu veracity, we waited with that palionoe which, in a good cause, is justly esteemed a virtue,, and were repaid at last by the approach of two vehicles, _ wherein wore seatod both celebrants and recipients of baptism. On arrival at the reserve a shallow portion of tho ' lake' was selected, and Mr. Sitrber having takon his stand on a small mound or islet, gavo au address appropriate to the occasion, after which a hymn was sung, and Mr. Wright, having divested himself of his coat and boots, advanced in a garment suitable for the purpose, waist deep in water. The two females then severally presented thomselves, ond in thoir ordinary clothing walked into tho .water, where they were gently laid' back by Mr. Wright, who repeated ' In tho Ciamo of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' Ac- Tho ' colored gentleman' was similarly deaw' with, and tho proceedings closed with Binging and prayer." A girl fifteen years old, named Margaret O'Neill, in tho employ of Mr. Carolan. of tho Bull and Mouth hotel, Chinaman's Flot, at tempted to commit suicide, on Wednesday, bv throwing herself iu tho Timor Crook. She was seen by a woman, who gavo the alarm, and caused hor to bo rescued. Why she attempted her lifo does not appear, _ A peculiarly shocking attempt at sui cide-is reported from Tasmania: — Mr. Joseph Clayton, son of Mr. Clayton, tan ner and fellmonger, of Perth, recently re turned- from New Zealand, and wished to bo admitted a partner in his father's i business. This was refused, and, being j a wberiwrrght by trade, he oommeosed on some work offered Mm 'at Native Point. He appo.vrB to havo taken to heart the refusal to admit hi'm-to a share fo liis father's bnsi- nsss, and was1 apparently laboring under a fit of temporary insanity. 0:i Fridr.-/ mornir.g- lio drew a oheqwe for £009, handecf it to lira- wife, and want to work. When next found' ho- was in a-waterliole, with his throat cut, but life was- not extinct, nud it is bciioved lie will recover. It is something novel and- alarming-to find load poison .assigned as tho .cause of fatality amongst cattto; yet so it is dcscribecftt) have boon by tho Newbridge cor;-esponden!rof tho Ingbsn-ood Advertiser : — t£ A short time since Mr; Hatt, of Nbvi bridge, observed tllnt'some of Iris young stuck did not look as- well as they ought to, their bail- sticking out otraight, and'their bodies trcing swelled out to- an un- natural size. Ho attended' to thexri well, giving theln ovory thing thatrjould bo thought of ia the way of medicine, but all to-no-pur- pose. First a oow died, and' then aoalf or twoi Mr. Hatt then called in two of his neighbors, and' had tho animals opened, when he discovered about 1 Jlli of ton lead, suah as is used in tea cheats. The cattle must have eaten it at a farmer's named Pap- worth, who bought some old tea ohests at Tcrnagulla Borao time nines." Free selection is still going ahead, it ap pears. "There is a largo- quantity of land taken up undhr tho selection clause in and' around Steig'fitz," says tho local oorrespon- client of tho- Occlong likening Tiines, 41 a. great number of the miners haxihg availed' themselves of tho opportunity, aad a very I good thing some of them makctof it. Most of thorn go to work iu the miixse, and when thero is no work to lie . hud, they go on the farms. A few yours ago whore nothing but uuou woo, wiu mm some guou managed farms. I was tuaong them last week, and most of them looked exceedingly well. Some of thsni are troubled with the take-all, hut not -mauy. On the wholo their appeayanoQ is very euoonraging for the ooufiog harvest." The Standard Building and Divestment Society is now fairly before tho public. The recent meeting heid in Melbourne having approved of its prospectus, meetings in the suburbs will now be procoodod with. By advertisement wo noto that a meeting will be held at the Lecture Hall, Lennox- street, Richmond, on Monday evening next, when the objects of tho 3ocioty will bo explained. The fifteenth annual meeting of the Re ligious Tract Society of Victoria will be hold on Monday noxt, tlie 2fttli instant, at the Society's Rooms, Swauston-street. The Right. Rev. the "Pjshon of MclhpqrQi qvlll presid»_ iUe 0njact3 of thi's sfiOiet-y, and its usefulness, must recommend itto allmemberH of the Christinn commuuity. and no doubt a largo number will assemble to hear what progress has been made during tlie past yoiir. The following shows tho state of H.M, gaol, Melbourno, for the week ending 18th November, 1871 : — For trial, Supreme Court, 11 males, 2 females ; on' . remand, 18 miles, G females ; hard labor, 159 males, .156 females ; imprisonment, 41 Giales, 24 females ; lunatics, 1 female ; ia default of bail, 19 males, 6 females ; debtors, 1 male ; total, 249 males ; 195 females ; in all, 444 ; received into the gaol during the week, 89, including both sexes ; discharged duringthe same term, 99, inclusive of both sexes. Mr. Andrew Halm day's sensation drama "Tho Great City," will be produced for the Brat timo iu the colonies at the Princess Opera House this evening. On its production at Drury Lane Theatre, London, in 18G7, it had a most unpre cedented run of over 200 nights. Great pains have been taken by the management of the Onera House in its presentation in this city, and to give additional eclat to the re presentation Mrs. Gladstano will reappear, after a short holiday. Several splendid views of London will he introduced during the performance. The farce of " The -Widow's Victim" will conclude the pro- gramme. 