GHOSTS. By Florence Marryat, (daughter of Captain Marryat, the Novelist.) A near relatio; of mine (let us say a sis- ter) was staying with a friend, a Mrs. Long, during the absence of her husband. The place at which she was visiting, a large country house surrounded by a fine park, was situated in Scotland, and the husband of her hostess had gone to Edinburgh on busi- ness, by which be expected to be detained for two or three weeks. One afternoon, as my sister was sitting alone, Mrs. Long en- tered the room with an air of great perturb- bation, declaring that the strangest thing possible had just occurred to her. She had been taking a solitary ramble in the park, which was surrounded by a high fence and a deep ditch, when she saw from some distance off, her husband, riding on horse back along the road. Surprised to see him at all, and particularly in that situation, yet quite certain that it was himself, she stood on some rising ground to watch his approach, which had been successfully accomplished, until he drew near the park, when, instead of turning into the drive, which was the longest way to the house, he suddenly checked his horse and put him at the palings. She had seen the animal rise in obedience to the spur, clear the fence, but jumping short of the ditch beyond it, full with her husband under him. But when, with a cry of dis- may, she had rushed up to the assistance of the struggling horse and rider, she had found —nothing ! The whole vision had passed away, and there was only a high park fence and a quiet ditch lying before her. Mrs. Long was very agitated whilst relating this occurrence. She did not imagine it fore- boded any ill to her husband, to whom she was much attached ; but she fancied her own sight or mind must be disordered ; and it was some time before, my sister could soothe her alarm, and make her view it in what she considered a more reasonable light. "But by the evening Mrs. Long was quite herself again, and wrote off a cheerful ac- count of the proceedings to her husband. Two days after, however, the same thing happened over again : precisely the same thing as to time, place and circumstances, Mrs. Long, walking in the park, and per- haps attracted to the spot on account of her former alarm, watched her husband approach on horseback from a distance, make as though he would enter by the drive, and then, apparently changing his mind, put his horse at the palings, and be crushed beneath the fallen struggling animal. As in the former case, irresistibly she ran up to his aid ; as in the former case, the whole pic- ture, as if by magic, disappeared. This time Mrs. Long was seriously frightened. She did not fear that the vision portended her husband's death ; but she so far accepted it as a foreboding, that she wrote to Edin- burgh entreating Mr Long on no account to return on horseback, a warning which seemed very unnecessary, as he invariably went backwards by train. But the epistle, as it afterwards appeared, never reached the hand for which it was intended. On the suc- ceeding day she received a few lines from her husband, to say he should be at home that evening, and on the same afternoon she took my sister into the park, to show her the exact spot where she had twice experi- enced so mysterious a fright. They talked of presentiments and warnings on the way ; but Mrs. Long was so happy in the antici- pation of her husband's speedy return, that she was conversing without any appearance of timidity upon the subject, when, as they came to the rising ground before mentioned, she raised her eyes, changed colour, and suddenly arrested her footsteps. "Helen!" she exclaimed, mentioning my sister's name. ."Look!— look out there! I see the same thing again !" My sister glanced in the direction intimated to her, and there, sure enough, she saw the spectacle of a man riding on horseback along the turn-pike road, and apparently making for her friend's abode, but still too far off to be distinctly recog- nised. " My dear Mary," she replied, ' that may be anyone — a farmer or a servant. I see no marks by which to distinguish your husband.' But Mrs. Long did not answer her ; she was staring at the fast-approaching rider, and my sister was fascinated, by what she had heard, to watch her in silence. On, on he came, just as had been deecribed to her, in a quick canter, as though anxious to reach his home, until he had arrived at the drive gates, and was about to enter them. Then he seemed to change his mind, to form a sudden wish to reach wife and children a few minutes earlier ; and backing his horse, spurred him at the palings. At this juncture Mrs Long grasped my sister's arm, but she did not speak, and they con- tinued to gaze silently at this apparition, so strangely revealed to both of them at once. They watched the phantom horse and rider rise above the fence, and then fall heavily into the ditch below the animal above the man, and struggling violently to get free of him. Firmly believing it was but a repetition of what the wife had viewed twice before, they yet involuntarily ran up to the spot, when, instead of a myth, a vision, a mere presentiment, which should vanish at the second glance, they found a a real horse lying on its side, a real dead man lying beneath him!' Mr Long, having at the last moment accepted a friend's invitation to stay a night at his place, which lay between his own home and Edin- burgh, had also accepted the loan of an animal to carry him for the last few miles - the last miles that he should ever traverse. What faculty in the wife's mind had en- abled her to see twice over an act which had not yet entered into her husband's mind to execute? ___________ We read in an American paper that composi- tors engaged at the New York Tribune office, are fined 10 cents, for each profane word uttered on the premises, the money so gathered being given to the poor. One unfortunate new hand lost nearly a week's wages in a single night over a bit of Horace Greeley's manuscript. 