fota flair fketdja kEW TALE OF A TUB. jiflint, who from a footman was (e by stock-jobbing a person of erable wealth, purchased a house :o that of Mr. Goodheart, inan of excellent character, and sed of a sufficient competency, [he had acquired by his unwearied and who still carried on [ for the sake of employment than the business of a wine-mer- He had an only daughter, a amiable and lovely girl, whose was Rose; and Skinflint, who widower, lived in a retired r with his son George, a worthy man, who was made very unby the excessive avarice of his rge adored Rose, by whom he o tenderly beloved, and the muection of the young people was i and approved of by Mr. Goodbut he greatly feared that their tvould meet with opposition from nt. He determined however to |o him on the subject, and as fere on a tolerable footing of Sy, he invited himself one day to Eh him. Skinflint did not much ggiving dinners; but reflecting might easily contrive to dine nth his neighbour Goodheart in he received him extremely well, as in very good humour till he de acquainted with the wishes of and Kose, and was asked if he ive his consent to their union. into a terrible passion, pretenbe too poor to settle his son in ild, and, in a word, refused to im to accept the offer of Rose's Goodheart was extremely hurt disappointment, but not chooslet it appear, he changed the ation, and complimented Skin - the goodness of his wines, ood truth, it Skinflint's table t frnished with delicacies, his /ere above all praise, and were in such profusion that Mr. eart was completely astounded. s, my good friend," continued loodheart, " your wines, I do asfou, are delicious; and though a merchant myself, I have none in my cellars; they are really of ^ry same kind as my best wines ; are indeed fit for the table of an [am delighted that you find them t)d," answered Skinflint; " I had from a first-rate house, and am [happy to have an opportunity of ng a bottle to a friend." Goodheart returned to his house y surprised that so close-fisted a Skinflint should buy such I and still more that he gave it so lly. But he thought no more of r finding George and Rose tor in the drawingroom, he informed of the ill success of his embassy, dded that he was afraid Skinflint never be prevailed on to consent ir marriage. e lovers parted very unhappy, and ee, on entering his father's house, d a severe reprimand for having med to fall in love and to think of ing without having asked his ission. am not a man of fortune, boy," kinflint, " and those who spread report, and pretend to make me or a rich man, are a set of miss who would delight to see me d and murdered; you are not yet in any business, and are too: to think of marrying, so let me o more of such nonsense; and, all, never let me see you enter oodheart's house. I forbid you value my favour—do you hear I repeat it—I positively forbid rther intercourse." orge sighed in secret at being de- pendent on such a fatherthis, however, did not prevent his seeing his lady love every day. We must now let the reader know how it happened that Skinflint the miser had always such excellent wine to regale his friends with. It has been al ready mentioned that his house joined that in which Mr. Goodheart resided. The two houses had some years before formed but one; but, as it was extremely large, and as the owner of it found he was likely to have some difficulty in letting it, he had at considerabls expense contrived to make two very pretty and convenient houses of it, which he sold immediately. In ramblingabout the holes and corners of his house, Skinflint discovered a place where there had been a door which formerly communicated with Mr. Goodheart's cellar. This place was slightly stopped up with a few large stones and some mortar, and he had with very little trouble taken out one of them (which he could replace in a moment), and he then perceived that he should have no difficulty in getting into his neighbour's cellar whenever he had a mind do so. Tempted by avarice and the desire of stealing what he could not prevail upon himself to pay for, he made frequent visits to the wine when he was certain there was nobody in the way, carrying off many bottles of the finest kinds, and sometimes even drawing jugs full from the hogsheads; the stone was replaced with care, and no one had the least suspicion of the theft, for there were so many hogsheads and so much lumber in the cellars, that unless they had reason to suppose Skinflint capable of such dishonest practices, it was very unlikely they should perceive it. Mr. Goodheart, however, who was a model of exactness and regularity, could not avoid seeing that his bottles dis appeared, and that the wine was diminished in some of his casks ; and concluding that he was robbed by some of his men, lie dismissed them one after the "btlier. so that the poor fellows suffered for Skinflint's want of honesty; and Mr Goodheart drank his own wine at his neighbour's house, without having the slightest suspicion of it. Matters went on in this way for a very long while to the great satisfaction of Skinflint; but as crimes are generally discovered sooner or later, and the wicked punished, the hour was rapidly approaching in which lie was to be exposed in the most shameful and humiliating manner. On a certain day Skinflint crept through the hole he had made into his neighbour's cellar, and began pillaging as usual from right to left; but it happened that Mr. Goodheart was on that same day taking an inventory of his wine ; and at that very moment he was, with several other persons, writing in a small cellar adjoining the large one. Skinflint thought he heard a noise, and was perfectly thunderstruck at seeing Mr. Goodheart and his people coming towards him ; it was impossible without meeting them to escape by the way he had entered ; besides, he could not replace the stone without making a noise. In this unpleasant dilemma he had but just time to creep into an empty hogshead, and there, without daring to breathe, he lay trembling from head to foot. Mr. Goodheart did not see Skinflint, but he couldn't help perceiving the hole in the wall. "What is this?" cried Mr. Goodheart, turning to one of his men," here is a stone fallen from the wall! How can it have happened ? Call the masons who are at work above, and let them stop this breach immediately." His orders were obeyed, and in less than an hour the stone was replaced, and so completely and strongly was the hole shut up that it was impossible to open it. During this operation the miser lay in the hogshead almost dead with fear. He heard them come and go, now very near him, then at a distance. What a nice situation to be in ! At length two men began to remove the hogshead, which fortunately for him lay on its side; and away it rolled in an instant to the other end of the cellar. The unhappy Skinflint, his head giddy, and almost breathless, dared not say a word; his hogshead and himself were placed in a corner, and a number of other empty ones were piled on the top of his, so that it could not be moved ; and to complete his misfortune, the open part was placed against the wall, and there was no possibility of his getting out. Skinflint, however, flattered himself that by remaining quiet till they were all gone, he should find some means of escaping, but it was late before the ma sons had finished all their jobs, and the night was pretty far advanced when Mr. Goodheart and the people he had brought with him quitted the cellar. They secured the door with three padlocks; and poor Skinflint, fast in prison, passed the night in the manner we have described, with the additional pleasure of being visited by scores of rats, which even ran over him without the least fear, whenever they thought proper. The next morning, overwhelmed with grief, fatigue, and the most appalling fears, he groaned and sighed in bitterness of spirit. A boy, who was spnt to fetch something from the cellar, hearing such melancholy sounds, was scared out of his wits, shut the door, and hurried up stairs, crying as loud as he could that there was " ghostes" in the house. Another boy was sent for some wine, but returned much faster than he went and still more frightened t an the first; in short, all the servants said that the cellar was full of ghosts, and not one among them could be prevailed on to set his foot in it. Some time before this circumstance happened, an old woman had died ii; one of the garrets at Mr. Goodheart's, and it was very sagaciously concluded (hat it must be the poor creature who made all this hubbub, who being unable to rest in her grave, made a noise in the cellar when any one approached. They all went and put their ear to the door to listen, but immediately ran away and related to eacli other, with sundry embellishments, what they had heard. Two days passed on in this manner, punng which time Skinflint had neither eaten nor drunk. George, in great consternation at his father's sudden disappearance, endeavoured by every means he could think of to discover the place of his retreat. Little, however, did he think of looking for him in his neighbour's cellar. He went to Mr. Goodheart to consult with him and Rose on the steps he ought to take; but they were equally surprised, and unable to form any conjecture on the ! subject. In the meantime Mr. Goodheart heard of nothing all day but the ghosts 1 that were in his cellar; not a soul would j go into it, want what they would— the j boldest of his men had deserted it; and this was by no means a help to his business. Very fortunately he himself was neither fearful nor superstitious, and imagining that some cats or other animals were shut up by accident in the cellar, he determined to go down alone, and endeavour to discover the truth; but George desiring toaccompany him, each of them took a light in one hand and a large whip and a pistol in the other, and went down. The men and all the servants belonging to the family wished them good luck from the top of the stairs, but none of them showed any inclination to be of the party. Mr. Goodheart listened at the door before he unlocked it, and distinctly heard several groans; he changed colour, but determined to pursue his plan of solving the mystery. He and his young companion went into the cellar, looked around them, visited every part, but could see nothing; still they heard the groans. George said he was certain the sound came from the casks that were piled up in the corner, and that he would take them down, but no sooner had he begun to remove the first than they all gave way, and rolled one after the other into the middle of the cellar. This was occasioned by Skinflint's fruitless efforts to get out; he had moved them, but not enough to answer his purpose. Convinced that some one was concealed among the hogsheads, Mrs. Goodheart called to George to drop his whip and take his pistol. This completely roused Skinflint from the deathlike stupor which had almost overcome his faculties, and in the most lamentable tone he cried out, " For Heaven's sake, do not kill me! I am a worthless wretch, but I beg for mercy—pray pardon me!" George knew his father's voice—he shuddered at the sound ; but getting some of the hogsheads out of the way, he turned over that in which he lay, and out tumbled Skinflint like a bundle of old clothes. " So," said Mr. Goodheart, " it i s you, neighbour !" Yes—it is I," said poor Skinflint. " I have not tasted anything these two days—neither meat nor drink—I am so weak!" " Alas! father," interrupted George, "what could you come to seek for here?" "It is not difficult to guess," said Mr. Goodheart, in an angry tone ; " and the opening in the wall, which I have had closed up, shows me pretty plainly who it is that has so long robbed me of my wine." " It is true—it is true—yes—I confess it," said Skinflint; "but pray do not ruin me. Spare my life, and I will sacrifice all I have to give satisfaction." " How !" exclaimed Mr. Goodheart; miserable old miser ! you have had the boldness to—" " He is my father," interrupted George ; " spare him in my presence, I beseech you, and consent to the plan I am going to propose to him. You cannot, father, look upon what will promote my happiness as a sufficient sacrifice ; yet, as you offer to do everything that can be required of you, consent to my union with Rose, whom you know I adore." "Your son is right," said Mr. Good- : heart; " hut if I make this the condi tion of my forgetting what has happened it is not from any desire I can have to lie allied to so despicable a being as you are, but because I wish to make my daughter happy, as well as this young man, who is in every respect so unlike his father." In such a situation Skinflint was glad to hide his shame by consenting to everything Mr. Goodheart asked of bim, and having sent his people out of the way, he pretended that he had found ; the cat, which had caused them so ' much alarm. George assisted his father to quit the cellar, and conducted him secretly to his own house, where he gave him all the attention and care which his weak state required, George and Rose were soon after married; and Skinflint, bitterly feeling bis humiliation,retired into the country, where he never could be prevailed on to see any one. Mr. Goodheart took George into partnership with him, and the young couple always preserved with the utmost care Skinflint's hogshead, to which they were indebted for their happiness. „ g. 