THE APPARITION COMES! (vide cartoon.) Once, within a midnight dreary, Martin pondered glum and weary By a light that shed no cheery beams across the office-floor ; And his Bills were all before him- - priest of duties ad valorem , Chief of many a trusting quorum that has helped him heretofore — Chief of many an outraged quorum that will help him — nevermore ! " Ah ! distinctly I remember we must meet in next November," Quoth he, poking at an ember that had dropped against the door. " And I dread the Opposition — notwithstanding its condition, s Still chaotic as perdition — it will taunt me evermore : j Though chaotic as perdition, it will hound me — evermore ! j Talking thus, and sadly thinking, while the lamp continued blinking, How to face with mien unshrinking, Forster, Samuel, and their corps ; Thinking thus, and partly napping — suddenly there came a tapping As of someone near him rapping, rapping at the office-door, Someone like a spirit rapping, rapping slowly at his door ! " This must be," said Martin, rising, " Lord, my puppet, advertising, But his presence is surprising, at this moment, and a bore ; Jack himself is not my choice less " — here the door, on hinges noiseless, Opened ! and, advancing voiceless, stalked across the sombre floor Parkes's Ghost and — nothing more ! " Ghastly Spectre of Kiama ! " shrieked out Jemmy, " dread alarmer, Hast thou come up here to harm a former colleague and to pour In his ears grim accusations of bygone dissimulations — Wilt thou cease to try my patience, and go back from hence, Mtc-noir ? " Quoth the Spectre, " Nevermore ! " " Bugbear — bogie ! I defy thee ! and this very instant, by the Bolts of Jupiter, I'll try thee, and thy boasted spirit-lore ! Omen grim," continued Martin, from his cushioned chair upstarting, " Will the public take my part in House and country as before ? " Quoth the Spectre, " Nevermore ! " " Fiend, with finger pointing hither, like a vane in evil weather, Though I hate thee altogether, tell me truly, I implore, Having sworn to flout ' dictation,' will I with increased taxation Prey for ever on the nation, filling thus Protection's craw ? " Quoth the Spectre, "Nevermore ! " " Frightful Feature, let me ask thee— for I've sworn this night to task thee — If the House should yet unmask me, will my public day be o'er ? Are the members in their senses? will my Stamp Acts and ' Defences' — Backdoor measures, poor pretences — gull the lot as heretofore ? " Quoth the Spectre, " Nevermore ! " " Prophet-ghost, though Thing of evil tracking me like dogging devil- Wanderer from the pitchy level of the Night's Plutonian shore, By thy nostrils fierce, capacious, is there — is there, in the spacious Future, aught for me that's gracious ? will my breath again be law ? " Quoth the Spectre, " Nevermore ! " " Be that word thy last one spoken ! ' cut ' away ere hope be broken — Leave no toemark as a token of thy presence on this floor ! Get thee back to black perdition — by the bands of ' Coalition,' I may keep my proud position : keep it as I've done of yore ! " Quoth the Spectre, " Nevermore ! " And that Spectre never flitting — with no thought at all of quitting, Still glooms close to Martin sitting, sitting moody, lone, and sore 1 And the monotone so muttered — yea, the single phrase thus uttered, In that chamber latched and shuttered, with the Shadow on its floor, Shall be silenced — nevermore ! Interesting Experiment. — An amusing and interesting experi ment may be performed as follows Put your arm round the waist of any nice girl whom you have never seen before, then apply your lips to hers, and you will hear a peculiar smacking sound, followed by a violent blow on the ear. The room should be dark when this experiment is made. Thunderstorms. — Some people are very much frightened during thunderstorms. The safest thing for them to do is to pay all the money they owe, because " Out of debt is out of danger." 