NEW SOUTH WALES. By the Tasmania, that arrived on Saturday forenoon, we have Sydney papers to Tuesday, the 7th instant ! In connection with the Lang Testimonial Fund, the Morning Herald of the 9th says There was held, last evening, in the Oddfellow's Hall, Balmain, a public meeting. The meeting did not take place till nearly an hour after the advertised time. lrl»eBtt»i«ooetdiugiwere eradicated there were present between twenty and thirty gentlemen. Mr. John Booth, who was called to the chair, read the advertisement by which the meeting had been con- wound, and stated that, as an old colonist, he could bear testimony to Dr. Lang's energy, and to his having worked hard during the time he had been in the colony, for the benefit of the community at large. Mr. C. H. May endorsed what had fallen from the chairman, and considered that, as Dr. Lang had for- gotten his private interests, and had spent the best part of his life in the service of others, it was but right that they should make provision for him in his old ago. He had much pleasure in moving, "That in the opinion of this meeting, the many services rendered by the Rev. Dr. Lang to the Australian colonies, and his untiring zeal in promoting the social advancement and political liberties of their people, deserve substantial recognition." Mr. Stuart stated that about thirty- eight years ago he was induced to leave London for Australia, by seeing on the walls of that great city placards issued by the Rev. Dr. Lang, who was then in England, after a resi- dence of 5 years in this colony. To Dr. Lang he thought the present prosperous state of the Australian colonies mainly attributable. He was glad of the opportunity of seconding the motion. Resolution put to the meeting, and carried without dissent. After a few very appropriate remarks, and expressing his sorrow at seeing such a small number of the residents of Balmain present at a meeting which was to recognise the services of one whom he admired as one of the most disinterested of men, Mr. W. Davidson moved the second resolution, which was in the following terms "That in order to carry out the fore- going resolution, subscriptions be entered into, that the money so raised be invested for the permanent benefit of Dr. ing and family, in such a way as the trustees, to be hereafter appointed for the fund, may consider most secure and advantageous, and that subscribers of one pound be members of a general committee to appoint trustees." Mr. Marshall seconded the resolution, but before it was put an amendment was moved "That all subscribers be members of a general committee to appoint trustees, The mover having agreed to the alteration, the resolution, as amended, was put to the meeting and carried unanimously. The appointment of a committee, Treasurer, and Chairman closed the proceedings. Some very good sport was experienced (says the Cleveland Bay Express) by Mr. P. Thistlethwayte, Dr. Callaghan, and some others, who succeeded in bagging an alligator. Mr. Thistlethwaite, who was standing on the verandah of Dr. Callaghan's cottage, overlooking the creek, saw an alligator swim to the opposite bank. Mr. Thistlethwaite and Dr. Callaghan crossed over in a punt and were joined by a fisherman; they managed to crawl within twenty yards of the alligator without disturbing him, and the fisherman, armed with a shot gun, and Mr. Thistlethwayte, with a rifle, both fired; the latter hit him just behind the forearm, and the reptile crawled three or four paces into the water, leaving his tail exposed on the bank. The three sportsmen rushed at, and seized the alligator's caudal appendage, and a most exciting struggle took place. The saurian made savage but ineffective attempt to bite his persecutors, who courageously stuck to his tail while others beat him about the head with sticks till he gave up the ghost When it was ascertained that he was quite dead he was towed across the creek, and it was found that he measured nearly nine feet in length. 