THE BATTLE OF DORKTNG. fOon tinned Jrorn our icisi.j A tremendous thunderstorm, winch naa been gathering all day, burst on us, and a torrent of almost blinding rain came down, which obscured the view even more than the smoke, while the crashing of the thunder and the glare of tho lightning could be heard and seen even above the roar and flashing of the artillery. Once tho mist lifted, and I saw for a minute an attack on Box-hill, on the other side of the gap on our left. It was like the scone at a theatre — a curtain of smoke all round and a clear gap in the centre, with a sudden gleam of sunshine lighting it up. Tho steep smooth slope of the hill was crowded with the dark- blue figures of the enemy, whom I now saw for the first time — an irre gular outline in front, but very solid in rear ; the whole body was moving forward by fits and starts, tho men firing and advancing, the officers waving their swords, the columns closing up and gradually making way. Our people were almost concealed by the bushes at the top, whence tho smoke and their fire could 'be seen proceeding ; presently from these bushes on the crest came out a red line, and dashed down the brow of the hill, a flame of fire belching out from the front as it ad- vanced. The enemy hesitated, gave way, and finally ran back in a confused crowd down the hill. Then the mist covered the scene, but the glimpse of this splendid charge was in spiriting, and I hoped we should show the sa.me coolness when it ca;no to our tnrn. It was about this time that our skirmishers fell .back, a good many wounded, some limping along by themselves, others helped. The main body retired in very fair order, halting to turn round nnd fire ; we conld see a mounted officer of the Guards riding up and down en couraging them to be steady. Now come our turn. For a few minutes we saw nothing, but a rattle of bullets came through the rain and mist, mostly, however, passing over the bank. We began to fire in reply, stepping up against the bank to fire, and stooping down to load ; bnt our brigade-mnjor rode up with an order, and the word was passed through the men to reserve our fire. In a very few moments it must have been that, when ordered to stand, we could see the helmet-spikes and then the figures of the skirmishers as they came on ; a lot of them there appeared to bo, five or six deehl should say, bnt in loose order, each man stopping to aim and fire, and then coming forward a little. Just tben the brigadier clattered on horseback np the lane. ( 'Now, then, gentlemen, give it them hot,' lie cried ; and fire away we did, as fast as ever we were able. A perfect storm of bullets seemed to be flying about us too, and I thought each mo ment must be the last ; escape seemed impos sible, but T saw no one fall, for I was too busy, and so were we all, to look to the right or left, but loaded and fired as fast as I could. How long this went on I know not — it conld not have been long; neither side could' have lasted many minutes under such a fire, but it ended by the enemy gradually falling back, and as soon ns we saw this we raised a , tremendous shout, and some of us jumped np np on the bank to give them our parting shots. Suddenly the order was passed down the line to cease firing, and wo soon discovered the cnuse ; a battalion of the guards was charging obliquely across from our left across our front. It was, I expect, their flank attack as much as our fire which had turned back the enemy ; and it was a splendid sight to see their steady line ns they advanced slowly across the smooth lawn before us, firing as they went, but ns steady as if on parade. We felt a great ela tion at this moment ; it seemed ns if the battle was won. Just then somebody called out to look to the wounded, and for the first time I turned to glance down the rank along the lane. Then I saw that wo had not beaten back the attack without loss. Immediately before mo lay Lawford of my office, dead on his back from a bullet through his forehead, his hand still grasping his rifle. At every step some friend or acquaintance killed or wounded, and a few paces down tho lane I found Travers, sitting with his back ngainst the bank. A ball had gone through his lungs, and blood was coming from his mouth. I was lifting him, but the cry of ngony he gave stopped me. I then saw that this was not his only wound ; his thigh was smashed by a bullet (which must have hit him when standing on the bank), nnd tho blood streaming down mixed in a muddy puddle with the rain-water under him. Still he could not be left here, so, lifting him np as well as I could, I carried him through tho gate which led ont of the lane at tho back to whore our camp hospital wns in tho roar. The movement must have caused him awful ngony, for I could not support tho broken thigh, and ho could not restrain his groans, brave fellow though ho was ; but how I carried him at all I cannot make out, for ho was a much bigger man than myself : but I had not gone far, one of a stream of our follows, all on the same errand, when a bandsman and Wood met mo, bringing a hurdle as a stretcher, and on this wo placed him. Wood had just time to tell me that he had got a cart down in the hollow and would endeavour to take off his master at once to Kingston, when a staff-officer rode up to call us to tho ranks. 'You really must not straggle in this way, gen tlemen,' he said ; ' pray keep your ranks.' 'But we can't leave our wounded to bo trodden down and die,' cried one of our fellows. ' Beat ofl the enemy first, sir,' he re plied. ' Gentlemen, do, pray, join your regi ments, or we shall be a regular mob.' And no doubt he did not speak too soon ; for besides our fellows straggling to the rear, lots, of volunteers from the regiments in reserve were running forward to help, till the whole ground was dotted with groups of men, I hastened back to my post, but I had just time to notice that all the ground in our rear was occupied by a thick mnssof troops, much more numerous than in the morning, and a column was moving down to the left of our line, to the ground now held by tho Guards. All this time, although the musketry had slackened, 'the artillery fire seemed heavier than ever ; the shells screamed overhead or burst around ; and I confess to feeling quite a relief at getting back to the friendly shelter of the lane. 'Looking over the bank, I noticed for the first time the frightful execution our fire had created. The space in front was thickly strowed with dead and badly wounded, and beyond the bodies of tho fallen enemy could just be seen — for it was now getting dusk — the:bearskins and red coats of our own gallant Guards scattered over the slope, and marking the line of their victorious advance. But hardly a minnto could have passed in thus looking over tho field, when our brigade-major came moving up the lane on foot (I suppose bis horso had been shot), crying, ' Stand to your arms, volunteers ! thoy'ro coming on again ; ' and we found ourselves a second time engaged in a hot musketry fire. How long it went on I cannot now remember, but we could distinguish clearly the thick lino of skirmishers, about sixty paces off, and mounted officers among them ; and wo scorned to be keeping them well in check, for they were quite exposed to our fire, while we were pro tected nearly up to our shoulders, when — I know not how — I became sensible that some thing had gone wrong. 'Wo are taken in flank ! ' called out some one ; and, looking along tho left, sure enough, there wore dark figures jumping over the bank into tho lane nnd firing up nlong our line. The volunteers in reserve, who had come down to tako the place of the Guards, must havo given way at tln'3 point ; tho enemy's skirmishers had got through our line, and turned our left flank. How the ftoxt move came about I cannot recollect, or whether it was without orders, but in a short time we found ourselves out of tho lane, and drawn up in a straggling line about thirty yards in rear of it — at our end, that is, the other flank had fallen back a good deal more — and the enemy were lining the hedge, and numbers of them passing over nnd forming up on our side. Beyond our loft n confused mass were retreating, firing as they went, followed by the advancing line ot the enemy. Wo stood in this way for a short spnee, firing at random as fast as wo could. Our colonel and major must havo been shot, for there was no one to give an order, when somebody on horseback called out from behind — I think it must have been the brigadier — ' Now, then, volunteers ! give a British cheer, and go at them — charge ! ' and, with a shout, we rushed at tho enemy. Some of them ran, some stopped to meet us, and for a moment it was a real hand-to-hand fight.; I felt a sharp sting in my leg, as I drove my bayonet right through the man in front of me. I confess I shut my eyes, for I just got a glimpse at the poor wretch as he fell back, his eyes starting out of his head, and, savage' though we wore, the sight was almost too horrible to look at. But the struggle was over in a second, and we had cleared the ground again right up to the renr hedge of the lane. Had we gone, on, I believe we might have recovered the lane too, but we were now all out of order ; there was no one to say what to do ; the enemy bogan to line the hedge and open fire, .and they were streaming past our left ; and how it camo about I know not, but wo found ourselves falling back towards our right roar, scarce any semblance of a line remaining, and the volunteers who had given way on our left mixed up with us, and adding to the confusion. It was now nearly dark. On tho slopes which we were retreating to was a Inrge mass of reserves drawn up in columns. Some of tho leading files of these, mistaking us for tho enemy began firing at us ; our fellows, crying out to them to stop, ran towards their . ranks, and in a few moments the whole' slope of the hill became a scene of confusion that I cannot attempt to describe, regiments and detnehments mixed up in hopeless disorder. Most of us, I believe, turned towards the enemy and fired away our few remaining cartridges ; but it was too late to take aim, fortunately for us, or tho guns which tho enemy had brought up through the gap, and were firing point-blank, would havo done more damage. As it was, wo could see little more than the bright flashes of their fire. In our confusion we had jammed up a line regi- ment immediately behind us, and its colonel and some staff-officers were in vain trying to make a passage for it, and their shouts to us to march to the roar and clear a road could be heard abovo tho roar of the guns and the con fused babel of sound. At last a mounted officer pushed his wny through, followed by a company in sections, the men brushing past with firm-set faces, as if on a dosperate task ; and the battalion, when it got clear, appeared to deploy and advance down the slope. I have also a dim recollection of seeing tho Life Guards trot past the front, and push on towards tho town — a last desperate attempt to save tho day — before we left the field. Our adjutant, who had got separated from our flank of the regiment in the confusion, now came up, and managed to lead us, or at any rate some of us, up to the crest of the hill in the rear, to re-form, as he said ; but there we met a vast crowd of volunteers, militia, and waggons, all hurrying rearward from the direction of the big house, and wo were borne in tho stream for a mile at least before it was possible to stop. At last the- adjutant led us to an open space a little off the line of fugitives, and there we re-formed the remains of the compnnies. Telling us to halt, he rode off to try and obtain orders, and find out where the rest of our brigade was. From this point, n spur of high ground running off from the main plateau, wo looked down through the dim twilight into the battle-field below. Artillery. fire was still going on. We could seo the flashes of tho guns on both sides, nnd now and then a stray shell came screaming up and burst near us, but wo wero beyond the sound of musketry. This halt first gave us time to think about what had happened. The long day of expectancy had been succeeded by the excitement of battle ; and when each minute may bo your last, you do not think much about other people, nor when you are facing another man with a rifle hnve you time to consider whether he or you is the invader, or that you are fighting for your home and hearths. All fighting is pretty much alike, I suspect, as to sentiment, when once it begins. But now we had time for reflection, and although we did not quite understand how far tho dny had gone against us, an uneasy feeling of self-condemnation mnst have come lip ill the minds of most of us; while, abovo all, wo now began to realiso what the loss of this battle meant to the country. Then, too, wo knew not what had become of all our wounded comrades. Reac tion, too, set in after tho fatigue and excite ment. For invself, I had found out for the first time that besides the bayonet-wound' in my leg, a bullet had gone through my left arm, just below the shoulder and outside the bone. I remember feeling something like a blow just when we lost the lane, but the wound pnssed unnoticed till now, when tho bleeding had stopped and tho shirt was stick ing to the wound. "This half-hour seemed an age, and while wo stood on this knoll tho endless tramp of men and rumbling of carts along tho downs beside us told their own tale. The whole army was falling back. At last we could discern the adjutant riding up to us out of the dark. The army was to retreat, and take up a position on Epsom Downs, he said ; we should join in tho march, and try nnd find our bri gade in tho morning ; and so wo turned into tho throng again, nnd mado our way on as bost wo could. A few scraps of news hogavo us as he rode alongside of our leading section ; the array had held its position well for a time, but tho enemy had at last broken through the lino between ns and Guildford, as well as in our front, and had poured his men through tho point gained,- throwing tho lino into confusion, and the first army corps near Guildford were also falling back to avoid being outflanked. The regular troops were holding the renr; wo wero to push on as fast as possible to get out of their way, and allow them to make an orderly retreat in the morning. Tho gallant old lord commanding our corps had been badly wounded early in the day, "he heard, and carried off tho field. The Guards had suffered dreadfully ; the household cavalry had ridden down the cuirassiers, but had got into broken ground and been awfully cut up. Such were tho scraps of news passed down our weary column. What had become of our wonnded no one know, and no one liked to ask. So wo trudged on. It must have boon miduiglit when we reached Leathorhead. Here we left the open ground and took to the road, and the block became greater. Wo pushed our way painfully along ; several trains pnssed slowly ahead along the railway by the roadside, con taining the wounded, we supposed — such of them, at least as wore lucky enough to be picked up. It was daylight when we got to Epsom. The night had boon bright and clear after the storm, with a cool air, which, blowing through m.y soaking clothes, chilled me to the bone. My wounded leg was stiff and sore, and I was ready to drop with exhaustion and hunger. Nor wero my comrades in much better case ; wo had eaten nothing since break fast tho day before, and the bread wo had put by had been washed away by tho storm ; only a little nuln remained at the bottom of mv bag. The tobacco was all too wet to Bmoke. In this plight we wero creeping along, when the adjutant guided us into a field by the road side to rest awhilo, and we lay down exhausted on tho sloppy grass. Tho roll was here taken, and only 180 answered out of nearly 500 present on the morning of the battlo. How many of these were killed and wounded no one could tell ; but it was certain many must have got separated in tho confusion of the evening. While resting here, we saw pass by, in the crowd of vehicles and men, a cart laden with commis- snriat stores, driven by a man in uniform. ' Food !' 'cried some one, and a dozen volunteers jumped up and surrounded the cart, The driver tried to whip them off; but he was pulled off his seat, and tho contents of the cart thrown out in an instant, xlioy were pre served meats in tins; which we tore open with our bayonets. The meat had been cooked before, I think ; at any rate we devoured it. Shortly after this a general came by with three or four staff- officers. He stepped and spoke to our adjutant, and then rode into the field. ' My lads,' said he, ' you shall join niy division for the present ; fall in, and follow the regiment that is now passing.' We rose up, fell in by companies, eacli about twenty strong, and turned once more inta the stream moving nlong the road ; regiments, detachments, single volun teers or militiamen, country people making off, some with bundles, some without, a few in carts, but most on foot ; hero and there waggons of stores, with men sitting wherever there was room, others crammed with wounded , soldiers. Many blocks occurred from horses falling, or carts breaking down and filling up the road. Tn tho town the confusion was even worse, for all tho houses seemed full of i-olun- < toers or militiamen, wounded or resting, or j trying to find food, and the streets wore almost | choked up. Some officers were in vain trying , to restore order, hut' the task seemed a hopeless one. One or two volunteer regiments which had arrived from the north the previous night, and had been halted here tor orders, wore drawn up along the roadside steadily enough, and some of the retreating regiments, including ours, may have preserved the semblance of discipline, but for tho most part the mass push ing to the rear wns a mere mob. The regulars, or what remained of them, were now, I believe all in the roar, to hold the advancing army in cheek. A few officers among such a crowd could do nothing. To add to the confusion, several - houses were being emptied of the wounded brought here the night before, to prevent their falling into the hands of the enemy, some in carts, some being carried to the railway by men. The groans of these poor fellows as they wero jostled through the streets went to our hearts, selfish though fatigue and suffering had made us. At last, following the guidance of a staff officer who was standing to show the way, we turned off from tho main London road, and took that towards Kingston. Here the crush was less, and ywe managed to move along pretty steadily. The air had been cooled by the storm, and there was no dust. "SVe passed through a village where our now general had seized all the public-houses, and taken possession of the liquor ; and each regi ment as it came up was halted, and each man got a drink of beer, served out by companies. Wether the owner got paid, I know not, but it was like nectar. It must have been about one o'clock in the afternoon that we came in sight of Kingston. We had been on our legs sixteen hours, and had got over about twelve miles of ground. There is a hill a little south of the Surbiton station, covered then mostly with villas, but open at the western extremity, where there was a clump of trees on the summit. We had diverged from the road towards this, and here the general halted us and disposed the line of the division along his front, facing to the southwest, the right of the line reaching down to tho Thames, the left extending along tho southern slope of the hill, in the direction of the Epsom road by which we had come. We were nearly in the centre, occupying the knoll just in front of the general, who dismounted on the top, and tied his horse to a tree. It is not much of a hill, but' commands an extensive view over the flat country around ; and as wo lay wearily on the ground wo could see- the Thames glistening like a silver field in the bright sunshine, the palace nt Hampton Court, the bridge, at Kingston, and the old church tower rising above the haze of tho town-, with the woods of Richmond park behind it. To most of us the scene could not but call np the associations of happy days of peace — days now ended and peace destroyed through national infatuation. We did not say this totacli other, but a deep depression had come upon us, partly due to weakness aiid fatigue, no doubt, hut we saw that another stand was going to be made, and we had no longer any confidence in ourselves. If we could not hold our own when stationary in line, on a good position, but had been broken up into a rabble at the first shock, what chance had we now of manccuvring against a victorious enemy in this open ground 1 A feeling of desperation came over us, a deter mination to strugglo on ngainst hope : but anxiety for the future of the country, and our friends, and all dear to us, .filled our thoughts now that we had time for reflection. We had had no news of any kind since Wood joined us tho day before — we knew not what was doing in London, or what the Government was about, or anything else ; and exhausted as wo wore, we felt an intense craving to know what was happening in other parts of the country. " Our genoral had expected to find a supply of food and ammunition bore, but nothing turned up. Most of us had hardly a cartridge left, so he ordered tho regiment next to us, which Came from tho north, and had not been engaged, to give us enough to make up twenty rounds a man, nnd ho sent off a futiguo-party ' to Kiugston to try and get provisions, while a I detachment of our fellows was allowed to go j foraging among the villas in our rear; and in about an hour they brought back somo bread and meat, which gave us a Blonder meal all round. They said most of the houses were empty, and that many had been stripped of all eatables, and a good deal damaged already. " It mu3t have been between three and four o'clock when the sound of cannonnding bogan to be heard in tho front, and we could see the smoke of tho guns rising abovo the woods of Eshor and Claremont, and soon afterwards some troops emerged from the fields below us. It wns the rearguard of regular troops. There were some guns also, which were driven up the slope and took up their position round the knoll. There were three batteries, but they only couuted eight guns amongst them. Behind them wns posted tho line ; it.wns a brigade apparently of four regiments, but tho whole did not look to bo more than eight or nine hundred men. Our regiment and another had been moved a little to tho rear to make way for thorn, and presently we wero ordered down to occupy the railway station on our right rear. My leg was now so stiff I could no longer march with the rest, and my left arm was very swollen and sore, and almost useless ; but anything seemed bettor than being left behind, so- I limped after the bat talion as best I could down to tho station. There was a goods shod a little in advance of it down the Hue, a strong brick building, and here my company was posted. The rest of our men lined the wall of the enclosure. A staff-officer came with us to arrange the dis tribution ; we should be supported by line troops, he said ; and in a few minutes a train full of them came slowly up from Guildford way. It was tho Inst ; the men got out, tho train pnseed on, and a party began to tear up the rnils, while the re3t were distributed among tho houses on each side. A sergeant's party joined us in our shed, and an engineer officer with sappers came to knock holes in the walls for us to fire from ; but there were only half-a-dozen of them, so progress was not very rapid, and as we had no tools we could not help. "It was while we were watching this job that the adjutant, who was as active as over, looked in, and told us to muster in the yard. The fatigue-party had come back from Kings ton, and a small baker's handcart of food was made over to us as our share. It contained loaves, flour, and somo joints of meat. The meat or flour we had not time or means to cook. The loaves we devoured ; and tliero was a jtap of water in tho yard, so wo felt refreshed by the meal. I should havo liked to wash my wouuds, which were becoming very offensive, but I dared not tako off my acmt, fooling euro I ohould nob bo ablo bo gob it on again. It wns while wo were eating our bread that tho rumour first reached us of another disaster, oven greater than that we had witnessed ourselves. Whence it came I know not ; but a whisper wont down the ranks that Woolwich had beon captured. Wo all knew that it was our only arsenal, and understood the significance of the blow. No hopo, if this wore true, of saving the conntry. Thinkjng over this, wo went back to the shod. "Although this was only our second dny of war, I think wo were already old soldiers so far that we had come to bo careless about Gre, and tho shot nnd shell that now began to open on us made no sonsation. Wo felt, indeed, our need of discipline, and we saw plainly enough the slender chance of success coming out of such a rnbble as we wero ; but T think wo wero all determined to fight on as long as we could. Our gallant adjutant gave his spirit to everybody ; and tho staff- officer commanding was a very cheery follow, and went about as if we were certain of victory. Just as tho firing began bo looked in to say that wo wero as safe as in a church, that we must be sure and pepper the euomy well, and that more cartridges would soon arrive. There were somo steps ar.d benches in the shed, and on theso a part of our men were standing, to fire through the upper loop-holes, while the line soldiers and others stood on the ground, guarding the second row. I sat on tho floor, for I could not now use my rifle, and besides, there wero more men than loop-holes. The artillery fire which had opened now on our position was from a longish range ; and occupation for tho riflemen had hardly begun when there was a crash in the abed, and I was almost stunned for a time, and could not make out what had happened. A shot or shell had hit the shed without quite penetrating tho wall, but the blow had upset the steps resting against it, and the men standing on them, bringing down a cloud of plaster and brickbats, one of which had struck me. I felt now past being of use. I could not use my rifle, and could barely stand ; and alter a time I thought I would make for my own house, on the chance of finding somo one still there. I got up, therefore, and staggered homewards. Mus ketry firo had now commenced, and out side were blazipg awny trom tlio windows ot tue houses, and from behind walls, and from the shelter of some trucks still standing in the station. A couple of field-pieces in the yard were firing, and in the open spaco in rear a reserve was drawn up. There, too, was tho staff-officor on horseback, wntching the fight through his field-glass. I remember having still enough sense to feel that the position was a hopeless one. That Btraggling line of houses and gardens would surety bo broken through at some point, and then the line must give way liko a ropo of sand. It was about a mile to our house, and I was thinking how I could possibly drag myself so fnr when I suddenly recollected thnt I was passing Travers's house, one of the first of a row of villas then leading from the station to Kingston. Had he been brought homo, I wondered, as his faithful old servant promised, and was his wife hero ? I remember to this fay the sensation of shame I felt, when I recollected I had not once givon him — my greatest friend — a thought since I carried him off tho field tho day before. But war and suffering make men selfish. I would go in now at any rate and rest awhile, and seo if 1 could be of use. The little garden before the house was as trim as ever — I used to pass it. overy day on my way to the train, and knew every shrub in it — and a blaze of flowers, but tlie ball-door stood ajar. I stepped in and saw littlo Arthur standing in the hall. He had been dressed as noatly as over that day, and ns ho stood there in his pretty blue frock and white trousers and socks showing his chubby little legs, with his golden locks, fair face, and largo dark eyes, the picture of cliildish beauty, in tho quiet hall, just as- it used to look — tho vases of flowor3, the hat and coats hanging up, tho familiar pictures on tho walls — this vision of peace in tho midst of war mado me wondor for a moment, faint and giddy as I was, if the pandemonium outside had any real existence, and waB not merely a hideous dream. But tho roar of the guns making the house shake, and the rushing of the shot, gave a ready answer. Tho little fellow appeared almost unconscious of the scone around him, and was walking up tho stairs holding by the railing, one stop at a lime, as I had seen him do a hand rod times before, but turned round as I came in. My appearance frightened him, and staggering as I did into the hall, my face and clothes covered with blood and dirt, I must havo looked an awful object to the child, for he gave a cry and turned to run toward the basoment stairs. But be stopped on hearing my voice cnlling him back to his god-papa, and after a while came timidly np to mo. Papa has been to the battle, ho said, and was very ill : mamma was with papa ; Wood was out ; Lucy was in the cellar, and had taken him there, but he wanted to go to mamma. Tolling him to stay in the hall for a minute till I called him, I climbed up-stairs and open ed the bedrooin-door. My poor friend lay there, his body resting on the bod, his head supported on his wifo's shotildor as she sat by tho bedside. He breathed heavily, but tho pallor of his face, the closed eyes, the prostrate arms, the clammy foam she was wiping from his mouth, all spoke of approaching death. The good old servant had done his ,duty, at le(isfc — ho had brought his master home to die in his wife's arms. The poor woman was too intent on her charge to notice the opening of the door, and as tho child would be better away, I closed it gently and went down to the hall to take littlo Arthur to tho shelter below, where the maid was hiding. Too late ! He lay at the foot of the stairs on his face, his little arms stretched out, his hair dabbled in blood. I had not noticed tho crash among the other noises, but a splinter of a shelly must havo come through the open doorway ; it had carried away the back of his head. Tho poor child's death must havo been instantaneous. I tried to lift up the little corpse with my one arm, hut even this load was too much for mo, and while stooping down I fainted away." On recovering his senses, the volunteerfound himself in the house of his friend Travers, and "the enemy in possession. "There wns no gns, and the drawing-room door was closed ; but from the open dining- room the glimmer of a candle feebly lighted up the hall, in which half-a-dozen sleeping figures could be discerned, while the room itself was crowded with men. The table was covered with plates, glasses, nnd bottles ; but most of the men were asleep in' the chairs or on tho floor, a few wero smoking cigars, nnd one or tvvo with their helmets on wore still engaged at supper, occasionally grunting out an observation between tho moutlifuls. "'Sind wnckero Soldaten, dioso Englischon Froiwilligen,' said a broad- shouldered brute, stuffing a great hunch of boof into his mouth with a silver fork, an implement I should think he must havo been using for the first time in his life. " ' Ja, ja,' replied a comrade, who was lolling back in his chair with a pair of vory dirty legs on tho table, nnd one of poor Travers's best cigars in his mouth ; ' Sie so gut laufen kiinnen.' "'Ja wohl, rosponded tho first speaker; ' nbor sind nicht ebon so schnell wis die Franzosischen Mobolten.' " ' Gewiss,' grunted a hulking lout from tho floor, leaning on his elbow, and sending out a cloud of smoke from his ugly jaws ; " and da siud hier etwa gnte Schiitzen.' " ' Hast recht, lango Peter,' answered num ber one ; 'wenn die Schurken so gut exerciren . wie schiitzen konn ten so waron wir heut nicht hier ! ' " ' Recht ! recht ! ' said tho second ; ' das exerciren inaclit don guton Soldaten.' "What more criticisms on the shortcomings of our unfortunate volunteers might have passed I did not stop to hear, being inter rupted by a sound on tho stairs. Mrs. Travers was standing on the landing-place ; I limped up the stairs to moot her. Among the many pictures of those fatal days engraven on my memory, I remember none more clearly tlinn tho mournful aspect of my poor friend, widow ed and motherless within a few momeuts, as she stood there in her white dress, coining forth like a ghost from the chamber of the dead, tho candle she held lighting up lior face, and contrasting its pallor with the dark hair that fell disordered around it, its beauty radinnt even through features worn with fatigue and sorrow. She was calm and tear less, though the trembling lip told of the effort to restrain the emotion sho felt. ' Dear friend,' she said, taking ' my hand, 'I wns coming to seek you ; forgive ray solfishness in neglecting you so long ; but you will under stand ' — glancing at the door abovo — ' how occupied I have been.' ' Where,' I began, ' is ' ' my boy ?' she answered, anticipating my question. ' I have laid him by his father. But now your wounds must lie cared for ; how pale and fnint you look ! — rest here a moment,' — and descending to the dining-room, she re turned with somo wine, which I gratefully drank, and then, making mo sit down, on tho top step of the stairs, sho brought water and linen, and, cutting off tho sleeve of my coat, bathed and bandaged my wouuds. 'Twas I who felt solfish for thus adding to her troubles ; but in truth I was too weak to have much will left, nnd stood in need of the help which she forced me to nccept ; and tho dressing of ray wounds nfforded indescribable relief. While thus tending me she explnined in broken sentences how matters stood. Every room but her own, and tho little parlour into which Bho with Wood's help had carriod me, was full of soldiers. Wood hnd been taken away to work at repniring tho railroad, and Lucy had run off from fright ; but tho cook had stopped at .her post, and had served up supper and opened the cellar for tho soldiers' use ; sho did not understand what they said, and they wore rough and boorish, but not uncivil. I should now go, she said, when my wounds wore dressed, to look after my own home, whore I might bo wanted ; for hersolf, she wished only to he allowed to remain watching there — pointing to tho room whore lay the bodies of her husband and child — where she would not be molested. I felt that her advice was good. I could be of nq uao as protection, and I had an anxious longing to know what had become of my Bick mother and sister ; besidos some arrangements must be mado for the burial. J. , therofore limped away. Thore was no need to express thanks on either side, and the grief was too deep to be reachod by any outward show of sympathy. " Outside tho house tliero was a good deal of- movement and bustle ; many carts going along, the waggoners, from Sussex and Surrey, evidently impressed and guarded by soldiers ; and although no gas was burning, the road towards Kingston was well lighted by torches held by persons standing at short intervals in line, who had been seized for the duty, some of them tho tenants of neighbouring villas. Almost tho first of these torchbearers I came to was an old gentleman whose face I was well acquainted with, from having frequently travelled up and down in tho same train with him. He was a senior clerk in a Government office, I believe, and was a mild-looking old man with a prim face and long neck, which, he used to wrap in a wide double neckcloth, a think even in those days seldom seen. Even in that moment of bitterness I could not help being amused by the absurd figure this poor old follow presented, with his solemn face and long cravat, doing penance with a torch in front of his own door, to light up the path of our conquerors. But a more serious object now presented itself, a corporal's guard passing by, with two English volunteers in charge, their hands tied behind their backs. They cast an imploring glance nt me, and I stepped into the road to ask tho corporal what waa the matter, and even ventured, as he waa passing on, to lay my hand on his sleeve. ' Auf dem Wege, Spitzbube !' cried the brute, lifting his rifle as if to knock me down. ' Must one prisoners who fire at us let shoot,' lie went on to add ; nnd shot the poor fellows would have been, I suppose, if I had not interceded with an officer who happened to lie riding- by. ' Herr Hauptman,' I cried, as loud as I could, 'is this your discipline, to lot unarmed prisoners bo shot without orders' The officer, thus nppoaled to, reigned in hia horse, and halted the guard till he heard what I had to say. My knowledge of other languages here stood me in good stead, for tlio prisoners, north-country factory, hands ap parently, were of course utterly unable to make themsel ves understood, and did not even know in what they had offended. I therefore in terpreted their explanation ; they had been left behind while skirmishing near Ditton, in a barn, and coming out ot their hiding-place iu the midst of a party of tho enemy, with their rifles in their hands, the latter thought they were going to firo at them from behind. It was a wonder they were not shot down on the spot. Tho captain heard the tale, and then told the. guard to let them go, and they slunk off at once into a by- road. He was a fine soldier-like man, but nothing could exceed the insolence of his maimer, which was per haps all the greater because it seemed not intentionnl, but to ariso from a senso of im measurable superiority. Between the lama freiwilli'ier pleading for his comrades, and the captain of the conquering army, there was, in his view, an infinite gulf. Had the two men been dogs, their fate could not havo been decided more contemptuously. They were let go simply because they were not worth keep ing as prisoners, and perhaps to kill any living thing without cause went against the huupt- muniis sense of justice. But why speak of this insult in particular 1 Had not every man who lived then his tale to tell of humiliation and degradation 1 For it was the same story every where. After the first stand in line, and when once they had got us on the march, the enemy laughed at us. Our handful of regular troops was sacrificed almost to a man in a vain conflict with numbers ; our volun teers and militia, with officers who did not know their work, without ammunition or equipment, or staff' to superintend, starving in the midst of plenty, we had soon become a helpless mob, fighting desperately here and there, but with whom, as a nianceuvring army, the disciplined invaders did just what they pleased Happy those whose bones whitened the fields of Surrey ; they at least were spared the disgrace we lived to endure." the empire in ruins. " Wo had heard of generosity in war ; we found none : the war was made by us, it was said, and wo must take the consequences. London, and our only arsenal captured, we wero at the mercy of our captors, and right heavily did they tread on our nocks. Need I tell you the rest '? — of the ransom we had to pay, and the taxes raised to cover it, which keep lis paupers to this day 1 — the brutal frankucss that announced we must give place to a new naval power and bo made harmless for, revenge — the victorious troops living at free quarters, the yoke they put on ns made the more galling that their requisitions had a semblance of method and legality 1 Better have been robbed at first hand by the soldiery them selves, than through our own magistrates made the instruments for extortion. How we lived through the degradation we daily and hourly underwent, T hardly now even understand. And what was there left to us to live fori Stripped of our colonies ; Canada and the West Indies gone to America ; Australia forced to to separate ; India lost for ever, after tho English these had all been destroyed, vainly trying to hold the country when cut off fyom aid by their countrymen ; Gibraltar and Malta ceded to the new naval Power ; Ireland indepen dent and in perpetual anarchy and revolution. When I look at my country as it is now — its trade gone, its factories silent, its harbours empty, a prey to pauperism and decay — when I see nil this, and think what Great Britian was in my youth, I ask myself whether I have really a heart or any senso of patriotism that I should have witnessed such degradation and still care to live." t the lessons op experience. " After all, the bitterest part of our recol lection is, that all this misery and decay might have been so easily prevented, and that we brought it about ourselves hy our' own short sighted recklessness. TherppncrosS the narrow Straits, was tho writing on the wall, but we could not choose to read it. The warnings qf tho few were drowned in the voice of the multitude. Power was then passing away from the class which had beon used' to rule, and to fate political dangers, and which had brought the nation with . honour unsullied through former struggles, into the hands of the lower classes, uneducated, untrained to the use of political rights, and swayed by demagogues." Printed and published by James John Brown, sol proprietor, -at the " Courier" General Printing Qffice, itossi-slreet, Yass, in th Colony of New South IFales. 