? 'A Qnosx tk Love. — A farmer (the ' GtUeshead Observer says) who had lately become a-widower, was aroused at midnight by'the'loud barking of his dog. / On going to •it,' the -animal displayed extreme • terror • whoreupomthe farmer took his gun and proceeded to ao inspection. Alhat«neeMie««v . a phantom, clothed in a white sheet, rise be- , hind the hedge. The farmer turned deadly pale, and his limbs 'shook with dismay. Ho, howover, contrived to ejaculate, "(ITyou' • come from God, speak; if'Jrom - the devil, • vauish!" " Wretch," exclaimed' the phantom, " I am your deceased wife, come' from • the grave to warn you not to marry Maria A , to whom you are making love. The only woman.to succeed me, is Henrietta, •B . Marry -her, or persecution and . -eternal torment shall be your doom.'' This' .-strange address from the gubliu, instead of dismaying the farmer, restored his courage. ! He accordingly rushed to the ghostly visitor,:' and stripping off its sheet, discovered the • fair Henrietta B herself Joe king extrenicly foolish. It is said that the farmer,. admiring the girl's trick, has had the banns published for his marriage with her. Husbands anh THErn Habits.—'Some '• husbands never leave home iu 4he morning without kissing their wives audhiddiug thorn «' good-bye, dear," iu tlie tones of unwearied love ; and whether it is policy or fact -it has all the effect of fact, and these homes are generally pleasaut ones, provided always that the wives are appreciative and welcome the discipline in a kindly spirit. We know an old gentleman who Hved with his wife ever • fifty years, and never left home without the • kiss and the." good-bye dear." Seme husbands shake hands with their wives and • hurry off-as fast as possible, as though tlio .effort wore * something thoy were anxious to forget, holding their hoaas down and darling round the first corner. Some husibauds will .leave home without saying anything at all, but thinking a goed deal, as -evinced by thoir turning round at ihe last .point of observation and 'waving an adieu at the pleasant face or faces at Ihe window. -Some lmsbauds never say a word, rising from the breakfast table with -the lofty indifference of a lord, and going out with a heartless regard of those left bchiod. It is a fortuuato thing for their wives that they can •find sympathy elsewhere. -Some husbands •never leavo homo without some unkind word or look, apparently thinking that such a -course will keep things straight in their absence. Then, on returning, some husbands •come.home pleasant and happy, unsoured by the world; some stjlky and surly with its disappointment. Some husbands bring home a newspaper or a book, and bury themselves for the evening in its contents. Some husbands are called away every evening by business or social engagements; some dote in speechless stupidity on a sofa until bed time. Some husbands are curious to learn of their wives what has transpired through tho day; others are attracted by nothing short of a child's tumbling down stairs, or the house taking fire. " Depend upon it," sivs Dr. Spoonor, "that home is the happiest whero kinauess, and interest,and politeness, and attention aro tho rule on the part of husbauds—of course, all the responsibility rests with them—and temptation finds no footing there." A youug man in Louisvilloesamined a keg of damaged gunpowder with a red hot poker, to see if it was good. It is bolicvod by bis' friends (lint he lias gone to Europe, although a man has found some human bones, and a p ece of shirt tail about twenty miles from Louisville. 