THE COUNTRY. BALLARAT. (rnOM our own correspondent.) Saturday, 22nd July. We, of Ballarat, aro of a cb.mgeful mind. A little more than a week ago wo had an indignation meeting called to protest, on tho part of the. ratepayers, against a bond being given to tho London Chartered Bank to secure certain overdrafts, obtained by tho Into councillors ot ballarat iiasc. i lie meet ing endorsed the views of tho mayor, who had declined to neeept the responsibility, and tho matter was considered all but set tled against giving the bond, when, behold, last evening tho whole affair bid fair to be opened up, by Cr. Ives giving notice that ho would take an early opportunity of moving that the mayor's protest be expunged from the Council minutes. Cr. Eddy's ways do not bid fair to lie in pleasant places, as ono of our patriotic ratepayers has had him served with a notice of action for being so obliging as to act in tho double capacity of councillor nnd lessee of the borough markets. Our municipal elections seem likely to bo rather more than usually interesting this year. Our worthy friend, Mr. Glenny, not satisfied with the .fiasco ho mado in Mr. Fincham's little affair, now courts further publicity by offering his disinterested ser vices as a representative in tho Council, and lias taken upon himself to chooso Mr. Cr. Fussell as the foomaa worthy of his steel. Though sorry for the poor man, I am sadly afraid that our enlightened citizens will fail to see what good would accrue to thein by exchange, which must palpably make them the losers, and dear old Shoppard Glenny tlic only gainer. It is not, however, unlikely that, like Mr. Fincliam, his secretary will re consider his decision prior to the day of battle. I am sorry to hear that the members of the fourth estate received so inhospitable a welcome at the recent Sandhurst banquet, but if all tales aro true, Mr. M 'Coil's re marks, though perhaps too strongly worded, were not quite uncalled for, although ad dressed to the wrong quarter. Upon ono point, all the gentlemen I have seen who wore present, seem to agreo, and that is that the conduct of a certain gcnl'emnn, who shall be nameless, was quito uncalled for, and the assertion mado by his journal, that the Chairman did not call the speaker to order, is incorrect, for not only did Mr. /Sarsed do so, bat most particularly stated that Mr. M'Coll did not express the views of thoso present with reference to the Press. This explanation, however, was not sufficient to salvo the wounded pride of the great leader (as ho terms him self) of the reporters, who, it would seem, bounded indignantly to his feet, jumping over the table in certainly a manner which in England, were ho rcportor of the Times itself, wonld have caused his expulsion from the room, with probably an application of shoe leather, to occolerate his departure. It is flattering, however, to the members of the country press, to hear that neither in sults on the one hand, or overweening pride on the other, caused them for ono moment to forgot their real position as gentlemen. The Scar returns to the ghost story as follows: — "I dare say you think mo any. thing but an intelligent, active correspon dent, to bo living in close proximity to tho scene of the Burnt Bridgo ghost story, and not to send you a paragraph on so interest ing and exciting a subject. The fact of the matter is I thought the story had grown too stale, until public interest in the matter was revived by your Lai Lai correspondent. Tho people of Clarendon now discover that as with other objects so with ghosts, familiarly begets contempt. But as it seems that 'distance lends enchantment to the view,' even the short distance to Lai Lai may render further particulars not un welcome to the lovers of the sen sational. It is generally believed that there are no ghosts about Lai Lai, except such as are in tho flesh. The snorting of the iron horse proudly careering between Mount Doran and the lignite, its loud and shiill whistle on approaching tho station, together with the rattle of half a hundred carriages, render Lai Lai, as a resort of ghosts, very incongruous. Not so Clarendon. Under bridges, by stone walls, in old deserted houses and deep Bcquestcred gullies, they find a quiet and safe retreat, and woo to them who would dare to disturb them. Tho public knows already how it fared with tho bold Burnt Bridge ; how, like Tarn O'Shantor's Meg, they ran 'to win the keystone of tho brig,' and how the bravest man among them all has betaken himself to prayer ever since. In connection with this subject the following is the latest out. Rising early, before daylight, to feed his horses, Mr. Campbell's ploughman paid a visit to the haunted brick houso to got some hay. Before he had timo to strike a light or bless himself, he heard directly under his feet unearthly moaning and groaning, as of persons smothering, and, forgetting that ' words and signs have power o'er sprites in planetary hour,' struck a light, and dispens ing with words and signs, tried the magic of a pitohfork. A few probes had the desired effect ; the hay was in motion, and instantly were heard, in true nautical Btyle, two gruff voices shouting, ' All aboard.' They were thoso of two runaway sailors, who lodged with the ghost for the night." The Courier reports the following news in mining matters: — " There was a moderate demand for several stocks in yesterday's share market, at prices showing a good ad vance, and for one or two thero were buyers unsatisfied. Cosmopolitan advanced from 21b to 253 Gd, in consequence of a telegram from the manager, stating that a ' bore was through at 49ft., with rough black wash, and a good prospect ; another further in.' The claim is a very largo one, in such a posi- tion that not only will the main Creswick outlet be secured, but also a number of tribu tary leads running from the Bullarook ranges. Lothair had a good market, with a firm advance ; buyors, £1 12s at the close. Band and Albion ConBols wero better, the effect, doubtless, of tho improvement in tho returns. Racecourse and Reform were main tained. Park were easier, as also Princo of Wales. Winter's Freehold had a further serious decline, though they closed firmer. These fluctuations are, of course, not from any adverse feature in the mine. As an instance of what may be looked for on that portion of the ground nearest to the workings of tho Consols No. 4 shaft, it is stntod that tho drives of tholattor aro within a short distance of tho fenco, so that should tlio run extend westward tho Winter's Company would have a small goldfield at a comparatively Bhailow depth. Meantime, bonujidc investors, not imbued with'a specu lative turn, will rest contented to abide tho issue. Several ctaimB in neighboring dis tricts are jnBt now attracting attention, par ticularly the Cornish and North Cornish, Daylesford ; a share (130th) in tho former chaneojl hands yesterdry at the high price of £225, showing what a high value is put on tho mine. North Cornish also advanced further. Freehold United and No. 1 South are still at a premium. Fryer's Quartz are inclined to move' upward., Magdala, now issue, had sales at advances, Newington were taken at about Is ' advance, and South Scotchmans were not to be had at Thursday's quotation. Sales aro reported ob follows : — Albion Consols, 4s ; Band and Albion Con- sols, £2 5s, £2 6s, £2 6s Gd, £2 7s ; Clnnas Consols, £1 12s ; Cornish, £225 ; Cosm politan, £1 2s, £1 3s, £1 4s, £1 4s Gd. £1 r! £L 5s Gd ; Freehold United, £1 5s ; Frvor. £1 19s, £2 ; Hand and Band, double £9 17! Gd, now £4 16s ; Lothair, £1 9s, £1 10s £? lis, £1 2s ; Magdala, now 143, 14s Gd, 15s 15s Gd j Newington, now £l 9s, intermedin!,! £1 10sj Now North Clunos, £G7 North Cornish, £2 2s, £2 3s, £2 4s j No. 1 South £1 Is j Park, £2 17s; Prince of Wales to 14s, £2 13s, £2 12s Gd,.. £2 lis ; Racecourse" 9s Gd, 10s, paid up £1 5s; South Scotch man's, 14s, 15s ; Tookey, £19, £19 10s, £19 15s, £20; United Albion, 8s, 9s ; Winter's Freehold, £16 12s Gd, £16 10s, £16 7s (hi £16, £15 17s Gd, £16. 