THE TASMANIAN DEVIL. The devil is about the size of a large bull-dog, in appearance something be tween a pole-cat and a bear, but in kind a poacher, like tbe oppossum pr tbe kangaroo. There are devils in nature of man}' kinds and characters. The wild cat is a devil, and rat is a devil, and so are tbe fox, tbe Indian buffalo, the stone marten, and tbe zebra. But the devil' of devils is tbe devil propfer, as they called him formerly in the blue report books, tbe Urisan Sarco philus. And it is not only we English .that call/him devil; hisname in French is diable, and: in_ german tevfel, and I am told the Royal Society has given the Latin name of devil to" the whole . race. His natural propensities are tbose of tbe gluttonous or sluggish kind, and he r will -be quiet enough when gorged with flesh and left to undisturbed repose; but the slightest provocation, the merest and most unintentional observation, will turn hi*n at once into a veriatble 'fierid. ' He; then becomes instantly the very type of senseless fury, attacking all before him, dead or living," and flying with equal fierceness at a mastiff or a barn door. Nor is there, whilst life is left to him, "either-truce xjr quarter j as long as a share of flesh remainsjto tear, or a last -bone to shatter, be fights on regardless to .the numbers that surround him, or of his owa subsiding strength, until at : length his jaws s≈ faintly, and his life goes gradually out with an infiirnal snarL Though taken young and brought up into capitivity, his nature undergoes not the slightest modifica tion. 'He lives to the last the same surly life, and usually , dies in some mad struggle with the-bars of his cage. " After years of experience be repeats the same acts of profitless and exhausting frenzy. Without apparent motive he Tushes at the wall, beating the air like a rabid lunatic, uttering* long, growls 1 that seem to choke him, till they break "-put-suddenly into a. piercing bark. He sbows not the smallest attachment to his guardians or feeders, whom he menaces and swears at for the moment . they approach him till they pass. Completely out of Bight. When tired 'or overfed-, he- becomes stupid and . ?slpepy,* rolls himselC-up into a corner, 'and falls into a leaden slumber from ; which itis.notal ways'easy to arouse him. Nothing «an be cheaper than to feed him. He, Will be satisfied for dxrjfjs together-ivith huge-bones, which ' hfe 'fcracks up, like: biscuit, and dually 'swallows entirely- Tbe full-grotvn devjl is an. animal) of strange appear ance. His coat is rougii, and looks like a blanket brushed the wrong way; the head and stomach are of a brownish black; the tail is black also, but with a large patch of white just above the insertion. An apron o't white covers j the chest, and there are spots of j wliite on the muzzle and the front j paws. In the wild state his habits are nocturnal, and he appears as sensitive ' as an owl to the action of the solar rays. Whilst the sun remains on high, he keeps within the clefts of the rocks, or under the roots of the trees, where he sleeps so soundly that the noisiest pack may pass without waking him; but no sooner do the shades begin to fall, than he issues forth in search of pre}', and then woe to the'living thing that pa.«ses wind ward within scent! Beast or bird, large or little, all fall before him in instantaneous helplessness. Once fairly griped, the victim, whatever his kind, is doomed inevitably. A feeble squeak, and all is hushed except the muffled crepitation of bones smashed up and swallowed with the flesh that covcrs them, the imnartieal monster making no distinction of morsels. Iiis gait is something similar to that of the brown bear. In walking he plaints on the ground the entire sole, which imparts to his movements a kind of solemnity in keeping with his heavy structure. He is nevertheless, more active than he seems, and hunts with an agility scarcely surpassed by his enemy and j neighbor, the Tasmanian wolf. In pursuit of his prey, he gives tongue j like the jackal, and his peculiar voice, i resembling a grunt and a bark emitted ! simultaneously from the same mouth, I betrays him at times to the impatient i huntsman who has quitted his iatigu- j ing ambush for the chance of a casual ; encounter. Contrary to what might j be expected, the flesh of the sarco- : pbilus is succulent and gocd. It is : said to be in taste like veal. It is cer- ( tain that the esteem it was held in by j original settlers was not the least of < many causes of his total extinction in j almost all the inhabited districts of I Tasmania.-Saint PavJs. How THEY AUK Ui'.-The follow ing catalogue of the falsities of a fashionable belle on tlie promenade appears in tlio Chicago JEv&iiiiff; Post: Anon the changes of the walk reveal The patent instep and the patent heel; The patent panies rounds the from divine, Its patent arch supports a patent spine., j Lends matchless symmetry and stylish gait, I And bears the label, " Patent-08.' Behold the plaintave glance of languid eyes; The pencilled lashes flutter as she sighs And lifts her crayon ?eyebrows in surprise: i She shakes her head-four pecks of vagrant hair Fly like a bop-yard in tne August air i Ann twenty grim ghosts whisper her aside, " Dear sylph ! we wore that wig before we died." " To whom" reepondeth unabashed lite be&ufcf;", " Get out, you spooks! I guess I know my juty 1" The garish gas her patent charms revealing, J Her bosom heaves with cotton batting feel ing: , Her false teeth gnash with gutta-percha ire; I Her false eyes flash with fabricated fee; She drops iier patent chignon in a chair, | Then jumps to pick it up But I forbear. A few years ago, says a writer, I was keeping a drug store in a small village. Every evening there were gathered a goodly number of loungers in the solitary store, who were wont to discuss topics both great and small. The subject under exhaustive analysis at the moment I stepped in was the school tax. One G , a loquacious and most obstinate fellow, and habitual monopoliser of conversation, bad nearly j finished a long tirade about the in justice of the tax and his being compelled to pay it, though having no children to send to schooL' Finally he said, " 111 buy me a hog and send him; 111 get the worth of iny, money somehow." Mr. L , the school teacher, who was sitting; behind the stove, quietly remarked, " Ketfcer come youself, and save the expense!" A Nevada paper tells this good one: Three or four legislators who came up from Carson dropped into a certain Gold Hill restaurant on Sunday morning for breakfast. They wanted to get something extra, done up in1 Carson style; so they asked the landlady; "Have you got any brains?" "No," says ' she, " I don't happen to have any this morn ing-." " What5 no brains ? That's rough; we-get plenty of brains down at Carson." "Ah well," laughed the genial landlady, "you ought to have brought some brains along with you. I am sorry you didn't." 