THE HAVEN.* X Once upon a midnight dre&iy;, while I pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volumo of forgotten lore ; Wijile I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of someone gentlf rapping— rapping at my chamber dcor, '('Tis some visitor,' I muttered, *' tapping at my chamber door ; Only this, and nothing more.4 Ah, distinctly I remember, it was in the bleak December, And each separate dying ember wrought ita ghost upon toe floor. Eagerly I wished the morrow ; vainly I sought to borrow from my books burcease of sorrow — sorrow for the lost Lenore— For tbe rare aud radiant maiden whom the angels name X, snore— Nameless here for evermore, nr. And the silken, Bad, uncertain rustling of each purple curtain Thrilled me— tilled me with fantastic terrors never felt before ; So that now, still the beating of my heart, I stood repeat* ing, ' 'Tie some visitor entreatiog entrance at my chamber door Some late visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door : i This is it and nothing more.' TV. Presently my soul grew stronger ; hesitating then no longer, 14 sir,' said 1, 'or Madam, trulyyour forgiveness 1 implore ; But tbe fact is, I was napping, and so gently yen came rap* And^so^faintly you came tapping— tapping at my chamber door, That I scarce was sure I heard you here I opened wide the door: — Darkness there, and nothing more, v. Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there wondering fearing, Doubting, dreaming dreams no mortals ever dared to dream before ; Bat tbe silence was unbroken, and the stillnes gave no token, And the only word there spoken was the whispered word 1 ' Lenore 1' This 1 whispered, and an echo murmured back the woru 'XienoreJ' '*? Merely this and nothing more. VL Back into the chamber turning, all my soul within me burn ing, Soon again I heard a tapping something louder than before. 'Surely,' Baid I, 'surely that is something at my window lattice ; Let me see, then, whflt thereat is, and this mystery explore— Let my heart be still a moment, and this mystery explore ; ^ . 'Tis the wind, and nothing more.' * ' vn. . . Open here I flung the shutter, when, with many a flirt and flutter, In there stepped a stately Karen of the stately days of yore. Not the least obeisance made he ; not a minute stopped or stayed he ; But with mein of lord or lady, perched above my chamber door Perched upon a bust of Pallas jnstabove my chamber doer — fetched, and sat, and nothing more, nil. Then this ebony bird beguiling my ead fancy into smiling By the grave and stern decorum of the countcnance it wore, u Though tby crest be shorn and shaven, thou,' I said, 'art eure no craven, Ghastly, grim, and ancient Haven, wasdeiirg from the nightly shore : Tell me what thy lordly name is oa the lights Plutonian shore.' Quoth pie Raven, JS evermore. IX. Much I marvelled this .ungainly fowl to hear discourse so plainly, Though its answer little meaning, little relevancy bore. For we cannot help agreeing that no living human being Eve* yet was blessed with seeing bird above his chamber Bird or beast upon the sculptured butt above his chamber door. „ With such a name as Nevermore. But tbe Eaven, sitting lonely on that placid bust, spoke only That one word, as if bis soul in that cne word he did out Nothing' farther then he uttered ; not a feather then he fluttered ; * This poem has been so frequently published tbat^ some information is nocessary to account for its appearance in our columns. We reprint it at the request of several tubsenbers in the coTiatry who are unable, from the remoteness of their position, to hare access to books containing it On -the morrow he will leave me, as my hopes have flown before.' Till I scarcely more than muttered, 'Other friends have flown before ; Then the bird said, 'JN'erermore.' Startled at the stillness broken by reply so aplly spoken, Doubtless,' said 1, 'what it utters is Its only stock -tnd -store; Caught from some unhappy master, whom unmeidfol disaster Followed fast and followed faster, till his songs one burden bore Till tbe dirges of his hope that melancholy burden bore, Of 'tfever, nevermore.'* _ xIl But the Haven still begniling all my sad soul into smiling, Straight I wheeled a; cushioned seat In front of bird, arid burst, the door ; Then upon the velvet dnklng, I betook myself to » wiring Fancy unto fancy, thinking what this ominous bird of yore— What this gilm, ungainly, ghastly, gaunt, and ominous bird of yore — Meant in croaking ' Nevermore.' VTTf, This I sat engaged in guessing, but no syllable exp-^ss;ng To the fowl, whose fiery eyis now burned into my bosom's, core ; This and more I eat divining, with my head at ease reclining On the cushion's velvet lining that the lamp-light gloatci o'er, Bnt whoEe velvet violet Using with the lamp-light gloating o'er, She shall press, ah, nevermore ! . XIV. ?Then methongat the air grew denser, perfumed from an unseen censer Swung by seraphim whose footfalls tinkled on the tufted floor. 'Wretch,' I ciied, 'tby God hath lent thee — by these angels he hath sent thee Eespite— respite and nepenthe, from thy memories of Lenore ! Quaff, O, quaff this kind nepenthe, and forget thte lost Leo ore t' Quotb the Baren, 'Nevermore.' XV. 'Prophet,' said I, 'thing of evil !— prophet still, if bird or devil 1 Whether tempter sent, or whether tempest tossed thee here ashore, Desolate, yet all undaunted, on this desert land enchanted— On the home of Honor haunted— tell me truly, I implore— 1b there— is there balm in Gilead?— tell me, tell me, I implore 1' . Quoth the Haven, 'Nevermore.' ,, _ . .. rvx Prophet \ said I, ' thing of evil ! —prophet still, if bird or devil ! By that heaven that bends above us— by that God we both adore— Tell this bouI, with boitow laden, if within the distant Aidenr, It shall clasp a sainted maiden whom the angels name Lenore— Clasp a rare and radiant maiden whom tbe angels name Lenore f Quoth the Barm, ' Ne?ermore.' , xnL Be that word our sign of parting, bird or fiend 1' I shrieked* upstarting— ^ ' Get thee back into the tempest and tbe Night's Plutonian shore ! * Leave no black plume as a t'.ken of that lie tby soul hath spoken ! Leave my loneliness unbroken ! — cuit the bust above my door I Take thy beak from ouifmr heart, and take tby form from eff my door !' Quoth the Haven, ' Nevermore.' xnn. And the Raven, never flitting, still is sitting, still is sitting On the pallid bust of Pallas, jiut above my chamber door ; .And his eyes have all the seeming of a demon's that is dreaming, And the lamp-light o'er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor ; And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor Shall be lifted— nevermore ! The Cowka Mail Robbery.— Two men named Jam- 1 Seerey and Joseph Lyneham, alias Ward, were arr: vrd for this robbery, and have been brought beforj the Bathurst bench. Considerable evidence was taken on Tuesday last, but the prisoner s were remanded for seven days, in order to obtain the attendance of other important wituosses. Pla-Xikg with Gunpowder.— A poor little fellow who is engaged on onejof the 'Woollahra oinnibuses^had a small packet of powder given to him j'esterday by some boys, and was persuaded to id^ite it with a match. Of course, he had scarcely applied the light before the powder caught and the boy had bis faca severely burnt ? his eyelashes were singed off. and also a portion of his hair. Notwithstanding the iuju^n that tbe lad sustained he was kept at his pent by the driver, who, upon being remonstrated with, replied, 'I told him of ityesterday/' The sufferer could scarcely articulate, and was bitterly 6obbing all along the rc_d. OPEKD.G OF St. JOHN'S CATHOLIC SC3Q0L, KeNT stbeet South, — The csncert ht-ld on Monday even ing in this beautiful new school-room, was in every respect a complete succcss. The pro gramme was admirable. The vocalists did fall justice to the pieces selected, and their success was well demonstrated in the great applause given. The hall was tastefully decorated with flags and evergreens, and was well filled with a very respectable audiemc*, many of the clergy and leading Catholics of the city being present. At 10 o^clock all retired highly pleased with the evening's amusement, and delighted with the new building so haudsomcly built and tastefully dtcorated.^ Ketubn'of Companies, kc , at tee Eevjjew. — The following is a rcturnof the number paraded at tbe review in Moore Paik yesterday: — Volunteer staff : Field officer, 1 ; captair.s, 4 ; medical ofiicer, 1 ; sergeants, 14 ; trumpeters aud Lv.glers, 1 ; i auk and file, 1 ; tota1, 22, Volunteer brigade baud : Sergeant, 1; rank and file, 30 ; total, 31. llegimeatal stall : Field officers, 3 ; captain, 1 ; medical officer, 1 ; sergeant, 1 ; tiur~ petcrand bugler, 1 ; total, 7. Artillei y.~ Regiment?1, baud : Sergeaut, 1 ; rank and file, £9 ; total, 30. Eight batteries : Captains, G; rubaKcrns, II; se' - gennts, 27 ; trumpeters and buglers, 11 ; rank and file, 297 ; total, 352. Engineers : Captain, 1 ; subaltern, 1 ; sergeants, 3 ; trumpeters aDd buglers, 2 ; rank and file, 35 ; total, 42. Kifles — Sydney Battalion. — Regimental staff : Field officer, 1 ; captain, 1 ; medical officers, 2 ; sergeant, {1 ; trumpeter and bugler, 1 ; total, 0. Six companies : Captains, 3 ; subalterns, P : sergeants, 27 ; trumpeters and buglers, 8 * 'rank and file, 364; total, 413. Goulbuin ^ovps : Captain, 1* subaltern, 1 ; Ultdioal offing. 1 . Ber(it!ftlits, 4 ; trum peters and bugler, 1 ; rank and file, 64; tetal, 72. Qrammar-scliool cadets : Oaptaiu, 1 ; sergeants, 5 ; [ rauk and file, 56 ; total, 62. Suburban Battalioi. — Regimental staff : Field officers, 2 ; captain, 1 ; medical officer, 1 ; serge ant, 1 ; trumpeter and bugler, 1 ; total, C. Crams and fifes : Bank and file, 35; total, 35\. Sereu companies : Captains, 5 ; subalterns, 14; medical officer, 1 ; sergeants, 27 ; trumpeters and buglers, 13 ; rank and file, 393 ; total, 453. Richmond corps : Captain, X ; sergeants, 2 ; trumpeter and bugler, 1 ; rank and file, 25 ; total, 29. Kavfl brigade, all ranks, 23L Grand total, 1860. 