Tlie Cart'cr «f * oamt V«n A items. The Straits limes, of Oooher 15, gives the fol'owing account of this gentleo an, in whom a ? number of porous iu Australia still feel a lively in-erost: — By the last French moil Irom Java we hav^ received a copy, forwarded to us from Sourabaya, of a legal document containing tho judge'* ' - summing up of tlie cuss on p:i»»iri-z sentence on the p*eudo Count von Attorns. It is of ve«y great length, hence we hive thought it be ter to give only uT). aburiicr of it. Trie indictment was on two counts — first, foi \- knowingly im.ktog use of furled commeiciHi wri- iitfjn ; second, for t^cupi npj from prison by hieuking cut. Tne jj couscri , whose tesl name i» Cutt Oswald Sclimnlz, was Iwru at Pirns, in ? S.ixony, on May 24, 1843, urn) af.er having success! ully attended the commercial school at Plurien. begun his caretr at Trieste, where he ? obtained c ?ployujent in a counting home for a while, and continued at tlx; sometime hit studies a' tlie commercial academy there } but having ? incurred many debis, bo secretly left the ci'y in v'- \ the twentieth year ot h's ugp, nnd went to Noith America in a sailing ship. A'ter bin arrival in Ammca lie enlisted in tiie Northern army, in the v 2nd Mas-achiiseus Cavalty, end w»s piomoted tu be Cuptairi, but bei iim (Uncharged at the end ol the war bo betook himself to Eio de Janeiro, - where, after frui: loss - flirts to enter the Brazilian service, he obtained a simution from a oertuin , „ merchant named George Davis. Shortly a'ter this, on receiving news from his father that the \- - latter was no longer iibfe to hooor his lit tie bills \- dra?iii on tlie vS^xnti Gotiiul, he loit Rio ujiain on ncc.'unt of lunnini! In f o .debt und uftei haritJir ? once more jmiUHa-ly striven to enlist hb a soldier, both at Monte Video u»d Hucnos. Ay es, he at 'he 1 utter pluce received. £50 on n lull signed Cnuiit V'ti Auersperj.', a.cuiue arfuiueii then for the fiist time. In. lhe same w«y,' ant! uoder the same : name, be afterwards defrauded several bankers at Ba Ilia, Meyabrmba.Linxt. GuRVsquil. San Juan, and Havana, o! various sunns, ami untinit alto ethei . to al«i u' JS2W0. and. h#v n« at length arrived ut New Yoik, l.eobtuiiitd £100 from aba' ker there noon showing him a letter of credit from an Enylish bankei prepared t;y hiinn If With thin amount lie | aid his passage to Sierr« Leoue (West C«ast of AtitCi'). He tbere. still under the uaoie of C'-uiit Voii AuiiS|ier-!, defjati Jed a banker of £200 and tailed altirwaidt to Madeira and from th'Tcn to Boicelotifl. At them two pUce' lie f/.ep'vtd altogether on the af'resnid letter of credit £5000. From Ka-oulou» he crossed over -o Bona in A'peiia, tinder tlte name of Ouni \Varn;brfliit S'u|i;juct-, at d jrceivi il there £100 on a letter of orulit Irom Hothficl iul's b:i iikini! ' h iiise at Vienna, (/reputed by himself, after wnieli he, tii'i the fai!t'.'f- ol a line attcm.t at Alj/ieis, : to.vk sliip/'ini{ for Oon-tantiiK'|ile. ahere, uuder the pseudo namo ot Oount Von Lnndberi;, he ~ ciusod a banker to pay out to him JC100. From Constantinople he went by n man of war steamer ?' to' Alexandria, and onee more as Conut Von Auercperp, received £500 both there and at Caiio; aiter which, under the name of Bertlio.d Siime, he left AUx.i»-Jtla 'or We.-Sli:tl by the M. I SJeu'oei Pelui-e. From Mtfsbina lie w, nl to Naples ' nnd procured a pas* Iron* Mr Alfred I). Green the : Aaieticatt Cui'm! there, uiidtr thu name ol Mr ;; Ciiil V,io 'Uetiboid Stoi/i, Which |«»i- W'is, at his l/Wll ??? if quest, exiihaiikitd by xMr Lju'rtDCJ *? ' ' Atnet rp.il.- -J«»ot-ul u' Florence, f ir »uoi iier bearing iie uime of Mi Ciiai.'et, Von B rtlioid Stone With this (MSB he trjvooed to Trieste, afuyi.il tbete \- lor u shot t time tinder his tiuo uuo e. una paid ' 800.0 small old debts U|i»q this Im Itli foi \- Vienna h) railway Ui.der ttie nauie ol Stone, und 'I ought ihno tiuiii A. Zmner, a banker, ?- hiil ivr ? £18 i)o the :Ao^lu Austrian t-an!t at Loutloii, in tiie oidei ol Cuptaiu S'one. H- then, without ? - jiuviiijj'ifcceiveil any tnon-.y tu Vtviina, set out lor ? Lonilt.ii by Way of Drenlpn. where be paid a i . vidtt ta his uncle, u Liouieoant-Geut-ral of I luiruitfry. Sliottly after his airiva) iu Ijundoti j he tiri:u^lii a 'bux'wiih 'ypeoaud ptiiifrif! uteicila. und aUo'a bill book, Willi the i-tiiect of uukin^j u?e of them, if need .be, in ti.o pr'tpnr.ition i f | fvir|icil bitlB. -Bufore disoouuting the bill on the' Anglo Audiriuti bank,.buugbt ut Vienna, be,! Trr ? ? — ? ? — ? ? ? fitter obtaioiog tho acceptances of -M«-srs. S. Bcaatnont, diroctor, and F. Bruer, general tnoiwRer of this bank, . imitated the si^ntturos of tbese gentlemen on a pieoe of paper I y means of gt-is3, procurod a wbite cloth Austrian fancy unifor:« great coa', hluo pantaloons, and a famy cup with Iiice, and afterwards left for Ams'eidjui where be presented himself to the Austrian Consul as Count Franz son Schonbom. Dressed in the aforesaid coat and cap, end pretending to bo an Austi iau officer, he was intiodused uuder tbo abov-) name to the managers of the N tiirt lands Indian Trading Bank thereby the Austrian Consui and caused the said manaijerK to supp'y him with 9512 Iranos, that is, with 170 English sorerei^ns — 2 027,25,15 'rat es in En^liab bant, notes; 179 25 fraucs, 105,50 frtno« in Du:o - money, and a letter of credit for 7200 francs ou the head agency of the ssid bank at Bitavia, ii exchange for four forged Gorman bills, filled u; by himself on the Aogli Austrian, containn.! tho, sij(natu;es of the banker, A. Zinner. as drawer, and of Messrs, S. ? Baiumon «nd F. Breuer, respectively directot and general manager of the said bank, us acceptors, for £200 each. Otioe in the possession of these Valuables, he ropaired t, Parts, where, under tl e name of Baron Jobani von Paumunrten, he prooured from t1-e finn of Norton and Co. a letter of credit for 14 163,10 francs in exchange for bills forged as befote to the ?.mount of £600.on wMoh h'a obtained at- Pnri- 1000 francs, and afterwards at Btussels, from lhe agents of lhe said firm, Q. Cassel and Co., 5000 ftaocs. After a very short stay at B'u^eU, ui returned ;o London with the money received a tho former place ; from London he took passage for Auitiala. Once *rr »-d at Syd tey, he uav himself out to be Coutit Ian. z von A'te'us, captain of the horse in the Au?trian army, and beaan his forgeries on a greater FCale, Anion^t oth^r things, he prepared then a forged letter ol recmuieodatioo fron the Archduke Alher' to the Austrian consulates in Australia and Acia, a forged permission to travel from the said Arch duke and the Austrian Minuter of War, a lettet of introduction from Anton Count Ton Auersperg to his Exoellenoy Sir John Yoiwij, Governor of New South Wales, a citoular lettei of cred t from the Anglo Austrian Bonk to its cor'espondcqts in . Australia and isia. and lastly, bills, in the b I bo'.k broutiht with fiim from London, to amou ts of £100 olid upwxrds, to the order of Iguaz Count vmi A Urns, with tlie forged acoirp'ances for the Anglo Austrian Bank of the above nam d Messrs Beaumont and Bnuer, payable by tho bankers, Qlyon itnt Co., at London, ind drawn by the Austrian Minister ot Finunoe, Von Beoke, on which the' Austrian nrins were printed on the margin in black ink, with a stamp produced at the trial, and s'ated by the aooused to have been bniijht at Marseilles. Across the bills the words ' No.' ' Accepted,' ' Payable at,' ' Director,' wero printed behind the signature of Mr Beauti oat, ' General Manager'' behind that of Mr Breuer, and at the foot ' K. K. Finaoz Ministerium' above tiie s:gnature of the Minister K;irl von Becke. Whene ver be had need of money he cut out more of these bills from the Imrk, and furnished with his endorsement as Cmnt I.'itiz von Attems, he sold tbetn ti Several bankers, and did so to the arntunt altogether of about £6500, lifter whioh he, when he saw that the forgeries must be discovered bought and fitted out at B'isbane a yaoht named the Elamlei's Ghost, with which lie steered (or Java, with a ctew enlisted fry himself. Havine come r IT Timor, and feeling a want of provisions and iv o cy to pay his men, he rati into Kut-un ?, and thore endorsed to J* H. de Si so, a trader, t-»a of tbo bill* prepare.! in Australia, one foi £100 and the. other for £200, for which he sssetts that ho received m istly cash. When he at last arrived st Souribay*, lie went to the British Cinsul, preretiding to be Count Ignaz von Aitems By moans of the Consul became into commUMication with the agent of the Rotterdam Bunk there, and sold to him, for the opening o' a credit, two of the bills previously prcpuri d ii- Australia and cut ou' of his bill b'tok, for «he amounts respectively of £200 and £500. o' wliich atn unts he only received 2700 Irancs on ctoques drawn by h'tn ob the agenoy of the afoiefa'd bank at Scurabaya, and signed with the namo i f I.'naz Count von Attorns,. B-ing thereupon dutuit.cd und aftei wards taken into cus'iHy, l-o at fi a denied bis guil', hut, 'epenting ultcrwaids of his mis feeds, m'ide a lull confession of his guilt, whioh was folio ved by a leng hy acc unt ol his adventures, written by himself, for the 8etv'ceof jut-tica. This confession, so far as it bore upon the bill for £290, Ho. 10,227, sold to Mr de Siso, and the two hills No. 10,328 and 10 329. sold to the Rotterdam Bank, was confirmed — firstly,- the witnesses Secb Saltan bill Said Bahtcid and P. H. S ieters, agent of the said bank, the first ot .thorn decUted under outb that he, by the endorse.monr of Mr de Siso, became owner of bill No 10.327, and scld v to tho Rotterdam Batik io y r doubling of its g9ruineness ; and the latter tontifi-'il that- Mr Vati '. Laer, Biitisb Vice Coiibu at S.iunthaya, made him ucquiiuted W'tll the aocui-td, and fbat be without any m*pioion bouibt from the latter the bills Nos 10 328 and 10.329 u'ter the said Consul had come to his office, bringing tho bill book of the accused, and u?king him if he would bay bills from the la'ei ; that he hail already pail the uocused £2700 foi th°-e bills, when lie was informed from the heu-- agenry --( the bank at Batavia, to whom the bilU had been sent, that th. re was reason to believ that the accused was the name as the Count voi Sahonborn who committ d frauds at Ams erda'i some months before; that this, when tin suspiq ons were furtfier strengthened, led to th( arre«t of the accused; ihot Mr'de.Sieo had reimbursed him for the amount of the bill he had hi ugbt from Bshtnid, but that be h»d never received bac't auy of the money paid to the actUBod; fcccoadlyi ty tlie declarations made by H E. Frai z Carl Frtiherr von Beoke, Austrian Minister of Finances, that his signature appearing on the aforesaid bills, one of which, and photographs of the two others, had been shown him, were forged, and that the words ' K K Finonz Ministorium ' were not usually in uso o designate the Austrian Financial Department T 'iidly, by the declarations made by Messrs. B '.;-u no nt ttttd Breuer that their signatures ou bills No. 10 323 and 10.329, shown to them photographically, were forged, and neithoi written'' by them nor put there by tbeir authorization, oo-operation, or approval } fourthly, by a declaration made by Fr En^lelnirdt, one of the directors of the Anglo Austrian B*uk,and the said F. Breuer, furuHied with an impression o' the se tl of the said bank, and attached to No. 10 327, tli it the signatures of Messrs. Beaumtm1 iind B'euer appeuring on the said bill are forgeries. And lastly, hy comparing tht aforesaid hills with -ae blank ones iu the bill book, whioh clearly showed that theyate not on'y iientioilly the same but had been alsjcUtout of the said bill hook. Then follows the summing up of the facts as to the attempted escape of the accused from prison, tnd the evidetioQ fut the prosecution on that tount. According to what is Kta'ed, when the ccused was in hospitil for medical treatment, in Vu^ust, 1869, he formed the idea of esoaping by fi h' from lurther prosecution. For this purpose he made use of a knife, whioh he had obtained from some ooe during a former' stay at the hospit I, and kept it carefully. With this knife he cut out, du irig eight successive nights, the wood of the window sill to whioh the iron window liars were fastened, and kept the chips carefully. \t last, in tho night of the 17th or 18th August iu 1 ha said year, when evety thing was ready, be : 1 Ci'd a bench that was in his room upright against the wall under the window, and then u a.le :,is escape through the opening thus made, leaving behind the knife, and letting himself down by a rope fastened to the nearest bar, wnich rope had bien given to him at his own request for hanging his olothes to dry. Before getting down he hid the puUed out bar under his bed, and so arranged iiis pi lows that at fi,-st sight it might be thought there was some one in the bed. Having endeavored to surita over the river behind the hospital, he dived under wa er ou hearing vjioes, nnd, after flouting down the. stream, he landed and went to the city. Finding a Javanese sleeping io his boat iu the great river, he awoke bitu, s,:d bade him row towards the sea, and, having arrived iu the roads, ordered him to row the boat to the coast - f Madura. Wben he heard trie boatman 8--y, on arriving at a certain campong, that be was not able to bring bim to Sampang, be (tlie acoused) stepped ashore, paid the boatmsn six guilders, and ufterwatds went to Sampaug, on a horse lent to him hy the head man of the cam pong ; from Sampang he reached Pamakassan at length, on a waggon furnished hi« by the Assistant Resident, haviftg nothing else w:th him than a small bundle containing bis clothes and some papers, and wholly without money. At the last numtd place be lepaired to the Resident, and asked him for totne post horses tor Somaiinp, as*0! ting that he wus named Srone, and was Captain ot amines ou board the United States sh'p Hartford, Commodore Howard, which ship had been taking souud.ugs between Bali and Kangean Island ; he Igrthermoie asserted that he had be-m charged to carry over despatches to Sourabaya, and, now that his mission had been fulfilled, wished to return on board by way of Sua/anap ; the said Resident, on heating this, became eujpioiuus, and caused a comroleur to guide him to Sourabaya, saying at the game time, that the ship could not be reached fiorn Sutnanan by prahus, after whioh he was again arretted at Sourabaya aud brought back to prison. Toe acoused in his defence admitted the forging and uttering of the aioresaid three bills, bo; alleged that the latter, nwiugtothe misdescription of the Austrian Minister of Finances the spelli g nf the name of the fi in Glynn aud Co. with two it's instead one, and the improper way of si-aling, lacked the legal criteria ol hills of exchange. The court held that this defence was groundless, that the bills contained the criteria require! by law, that the defects pointed out by the -t cu?e 1 Were not amongst tho3e set fortu in the C xntnereial Code, anil t veu ii it were otherwise it would no- prevent the prosecution and condemnation of any ?-ue who, after lorging »uch bills, sheuld knowing!? utter them. The court also denied the truth of an assertion mane by the accused that of the two crimes laid, to his charge be should legally br (?unished for the graver one only. The Court thereupon proceeded to pass sentence, on him, bat taking into consideration the full confession he made, his comparative youth at the time of tbo eo'mmission of the crimes, and the redactions he had been exposed to during his very eventful life, thought fit not to punish bim with the utmost severity the Uw would allow. His S'-ntence therefore wus, — 1st, imprisonment for ?ix y-^ara in the HuUsa of Correction and the oxyment of 1000 francs, nnd cm fiiicment for five months in case the fine be not paid. 2nlly, six months imprisonment, to begin at the expiration of the forgoing terms. Tlie stamps made me of by him fox forg:ng were ordered to be destroyed. The High Court of Justice, to whioh the soNtenoe w is referred for revision, increased ths Hot-*e of C irrrction term from six to ten years bnt confirmed the remainder. ? ? 