GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. Approved "Ct aims por Defined Pre-emptive LeasesS— It is notified, for tho information of all persons coneornod, that under tho provisions of tho Crown Lands Occnpntion Aot of 18G1, claims for pro-omptivo lonsos havo beon made by tho persons onnmoratcu in ino suujoinou usu, in right of tho sovoral portions of land thoroin re ferred to, and havo boon approvod subject to tho conditions set forth in tho regulations of 1st 'November, 13GI. 2. Applicants are reminded, that unless the rents of the lands in question, for tho yoar commencing on tlio 1st January, 1S71, be paid to tlio ngont for tlio salo of Crown lands of tho distriot in which tlioy nro situated, or to tho Treasurer in Sydnoy, within two months from this dato, it will ho imporativo, under tho 12th clauso of tho Act anil tlio 7th of tho Regula tions, to submit for salo by auction tlio loasos of such of tlioso lands ns may remain unpaid for. 8\. Tlio rout of louses in virino of tho undormou- lionod purchasos is at tho rate of £2 por soction per milium. The sums lioroundor shown aro tlioso which must therefore bo pnid for tho lots. Tho renewal of ront for 1872 of any of tlioso loasos must bo paid in tho month of Soptombcr next. Tracings may bo scon at tho different local , laud ofiicos. Waooa Waoga. ' Jitino." M'fntyrc, Wagga Wnggn, 750 acres, rent, £2 Gs. KM., county of Bourko, parish of Bor- rombod. Yass. Martin Tnllv, Wheoo, 803 acres, ront, £2 14s., J county of King, parish of Winduolla. J Patrick Clancy, Whoeo, 10-10 acros, rout, £3 5s., j county of King, parish of Lnmpton. Return op'Spirit Merchants whoso registra tions for tho current your havo boon notified to ! the Cliiof Inspector of- Distilleries by the Clerks of Petty Sessions, in accordance with tho 15th section of tho Act 13th Victorin, No. 26. — j Adelong— Anthony Graham. Bungondoro— John MncMahon. Gnndnroo— Hugh Vnllunco. Wagga Wagga — Goorgo Forsyth and Co. and Charlos i Wall. Yass — Jamas Cottroll and Davios, Alex- andor, nnd Co. Young— Watson Brothers. Return op' persons who havo boon licensed to j distil brandy from wine tho produco of their ) vinoynrds, nnd of persons licensed to keep stills j for scientific purposes, during tho current yoar, | recorded in tho office of tho Chiof Inspector of Distillories, to 31st Jannnry, 1871 : — Jnmos > Thomas Fallon, Allmry ; William Modway, Gar- way, Bynlla; Willium MacLeay, Lako Albort, -s Wagga Wagga; Archd. M'Gillivray, Gilmour, Turn lit; John Smith, Kyamba, Wagga Wagga; j Elizabeth Vincent, Albury ; Jamos Wyso, flow- 1 long, Albnry. Impounded at Binalono, on Gth Februnry, by j tho polico : — Flea-bitton gray mnro, TW near I nook, cross in circle conjoinod near ribs, broken, ' aged, 14 J bands. — Also, on -tho samo date, from BoudtTnino, by order of Mr. Shorwood : — Ghost- t nut horse, star, MG ovor No. 2 over TO ovor No, | 7 slanting nonr shoulder, broken, agod, 15 hands ; ' black mnro, WS near nock and shonldor, brokon,. .. aged, 1-H bunds. To bo sold on 2nd March. Impounded at Bktiiungra, on 3rd February, from Mimosa, by order of superintendent: — Flea-bitten crnv mnro. R2 near shoulder, liko brand in cirelo olf shonldor, saddlo-mnrkod, aged ; roan mnro, PII near shonldor, brokon, 5 yoars ; chostnnt mare, 57 near shoulder, 5 near thigh, blaze, agod ; bay mnro, WL near shouldor j and thigh, off ear slit, speckled back, aged ; bay j mnro, 20 ovor BO nonr S in circle off shouldor, star, brokon, agod ; black colt, I in heart nonr S shoulder, 2 yoars. To be sold on tho 23rd !| Fobruury. Amateur Land Agents. — Tho Boga newspaper 1 spoaks of tho conditional purchaso systom as j having giving rise to nn innumornblo clnss of 1 land agonts, in somo oases mon who litorally I knew nothing of tho value of tho land they woro j asked by their clients to solect, and who, when i two opposing claimants enmo to tlio tost,. thought ! that tho man who possossod tho most money was tho mail tho most to bo regarded. Tho self- constituted and self-appointed lnnd ngonts soon discovered how oasy it was to practise upon tho credulity and simplicity of selectors — nnd thoy mndo tho pooplo beliovo that land could only bo taken up under their agency. Various wore tho tricks and dodgos resorted to to kcop this boliof up, and if a sottlor attempted to transact his own business at the land offico, tho agent pro tested nnd thwarted him in ovory conceivable way and in many instances deprived tho selector J of tho land which ho so much dosirod or required. ' Whou the ngont was instructed ' to talto up a ; cortuin pioco of land ho gonorally put in throo or four dummy applications, in order to multiply liis clnmcos at tho ballot-box, nnd .so lesson that of nny othor person who might bo selecting for himself the samo pieco of ground. Another ilodgo, whon two or more oinploy tlio samo agent to take ii) the same pioco of land, tlio party who bids tho highest is honestly doalt with, while the othors are kept in tlio dark till the land is Y irrevocably gone. Again, agonts will uudortako / for a given sum to got selections forfoitod nnd resold for their clients — thoy will procure declarations or report on tlioso already raado to \ suit tho convonioiico of good paying customers — those, and many other questionable dodgos havo froo soloctors boon mado tlio victims of — in fact, speculative agents havo boon, nnd no doubt nro, the land sharks of froo selecting districts, who, like crimps in a soaport town, livo on the credulity and ignornneoof thoir hard working victims. Tlio Standard thinks tlioso nbttsos would never havo arisen if tho agonts hnd lioeii compelled, liko auctioneers, to have liconses, but, at tho samo time, is of opinion that tho evil will ho remedied by the competition caused by tho increasing number of theso pooplo. A Cannibal Snake. — Tho following " snnko yarn " is communicated by Mr. "W. II. .Bennett, of Wcstwood, Tasmania, to tlio Lauccston Examiner: — "I oncloso you an account of a case of cannibalism amongst snnkos (of tlio samo spocies) which caino uudor my own obsorvntion, . so I can vouch for its correctness. I can only add that it is a pity tho appotitos of those reptiles don't lead to their extermination. Ono day my ! attention was called to my (log, which wa3 pointing at somo littlo distnuco from mo, and on proceeding to tho spot I saw a largo snake. Having a thick stick in my hand, I was about to kill tlio reptile, whon I obsqrvod it had hold of a smallor snake of "tlio" samo spocies (black), by about tho middle oT the body. Tho snnko not 1 appearing at all disturbed by my presonco, I watched it, and saw tho following procoss gono through : Tho larger snnko, without once lotting go, workod his hold on tlio smaller ono lip until 1 ho ronchod tho neck, during which timo. his ( victim romninod nearly still ; but on his reaching tho nock it struggled dosperatoly to got away, nnd succeeded in getting hold of tho largo ono by tho sido of the jaw, and it was somo time before the largor roptilo could got it loso again, which it accomplished by biting it on tho nook, nTid so killing it. This dono, ho, without furthor dolny, began his monl, commencing at tho hoad of his victim, and gradually swallowing it until only about one inch wns visiblo, when ho stnrtod off to oscnpo at a very lively pneo. i watcnoa vory closely, but could not dotoet any- salivary dischargo depositod oh it previous to swnllowing, although gront difficulty wns ovidontly ex perienced in swallowing tho first half, thooporn- tion taking quite an hour. On measuring, I found tlio ono suuko to bo just 4ft. in longtb, and tho other 2 feet 1 inch." "Berkeley, Sept., 18G9. — Gentlomoii, I fool it a duty I owo to yon to oxpross my gratitudo for tho gront benefit I hnvo dorivod by taking 'Norton's Cnmomilo Pills.' I npplied to your agont, Mr. Boll, Berkeley, fbr tlio abovenamod Pills, for wind in tho stomach, from which I siiff'ored oxcruciating pain for a length of time, hnving tried nonrly ovory remedy proscribed, but without deriving any benefit at nil. After tnking two bottlos of your valuable Pills I was quito restored to" my usual stnto of health. Please give this publicity for tho benefit of thoso who may thus be afflicted. — I am, Sir, yours truly, Henry Allpass. — To tho Proprietors of Norton's Camomile Pills." Mara.vii.la Cocoa. — For Breakfast. — Tho Globe says— " Various importers and manufacturers havo nttomptod to attain a reputation for their prepared Cocoas, but wo doubt whotbor nny thorough success hnd been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers disco vored the extraordinary qualities of ' Mnruvilln' Cocoa. Adapting their perfect systom of preparation to this finest of nil spccios oftho Thoobromn, thoy have produced an articlo which sujiersodes ovory other Cocoa in tho mnrkot. Entire solubility, a dolionto aroma, and a raro. concentration of tho purest olomonts of nutrition, distinguish tho Maravilla Cocoa nbovo nil othors. For homoeopnths nnd invalids wo could not rocominond a more agreeable or valuablo beverage." Sold in packets only by all Grocors, of whom also mny bo had Taylor Brothors' Oricinal Ilomcoopatliio Cocoa aud Solublo Chocolate. Stoam Mills— Brick Lane, Loudon. Printed. a,n<l published, bti James John Brown, sole 1: proprietor, at the " Courier" General, Prinlwd Office, Ifassi -street, Yass, in the Colony of New 1 South IFofcs, " . 