Tii_C dii'-'.— I hope that the Marquis of ^nRatato ? nlearine rooeptioii in Brisbane, l-nt that pp toTShtfiT It that one of the -of the Government, whether bemused m beer as another member appeared to have been atKock hampton— made avirnlent speech against Brisbane in the rival town of Ipswich, in conspqnfnce o _v.hipl) the Mayor of Brisbane had resolved to exercise hw corporate authority, and refuse to co-operate wi ? the Government in any measures they might take for the reception of the new Governor, -p-is Worship &&d; caused notice to be given to tne Accing Governor against erecting Any obstrucuoiis, ni the shape of triumphal arches and such like vanities in the streets; and it was said that the Bris bane shops were all: to too kep^ open as usual, instead of . keeping ' holiday, while the Brisbaneites would appoint another day for themselves to wait upon, the Governor with an Address. Rather a pleasant position this for a new Governor to he placed in ; hut if be is wisely advised he will take things as they are, clap his unofficial hat upon upon his head, take his unofficial stick in his hand, !«&d;' walk up quietly and unostentatiously to Government House, ^'Tetumiug with courtesy the respectful greetings of the people,*' as the reporters would say, if he gejs any; and, ifnoij mn1nno» «r» his mind nhilosonhically to do without them. Now if the Queensland Government and Parliament had taken the precaution to establish a local military force, as we wiso fellows have done here, all this kind of thing could soon have been put down. By shooting a couple of Brisbane Aldermen and half-a-dozen Brisbane Communists, and arrest ing the Mayor, the whole emeute could hav e been suppressed at once. As it is, they must get out of the ihess 'in the best way they can. Talking of armed bands and shooting, and all that kind of thing, calls to mind again the rumours of farther wars'in Europe. ' I think that ' The Battle of Dorkiiig ' has 'been well responded to by 'The Prussian Invasion of England ;' but I hope that the news of a triporite treaty between England, Germany, and Austria will prove to bo true, and thus put an end to all fears of either one or tbe other. In the meantime, I find that a well-lino wn- gOBfiiping contributor to the Melbourne Leader, makes certain .statements with reference to the first named- subject, and also on the subject of the com parative merits of British and Australian volunteers, which I give as I find them : A gentleman who has just returned from England asiures me thaHthe publication of the Battle of Dorking in Black wood's Magazine has created a profound sensation amongst all classes. -The author is not, as was at first supposed, Colonel Hamley, but his brother, a young engineer officer. The general in command at the battle is meant for Lord Strathnairn, and fclr Hany Tombs 1? the artillery officer killed by a 'canon ball. . My informant, who is himself well np in mllitaty affairs, tells me that tbe English und Scotch volunteers are, as a body, as much inferior in drill and know ledge of the riile to our men as they are to the best regiments of regulars. If such be the case, do not wonder at the panic. Lord Strathnairn was recently Commander-in-Chief in Ireland, and ho was distinguished in India as Sir Hugh Rose. By-the-bye, talking of miiitary tactics, about as good a ' move' as I have heard or read of for a long time was put into practice by a number of soldiers who were about to bo shot in prison after the Archbishop of Paris and the sixty four other hostages had been made away with, but who, very reasonably, appeared to object to that proceeding, and not only turned the tables upon the Committee of the Commune, who had taken up their quarters in the prison, but compelled them to skedaddle. Here is tho account : On Saturday the surviving prisoners were about to bo shot by the Commune, which had established Its lieaf -quarters at the prison, when, at the instigation of one of the old ftaff, who had been retained in his office by the Commute, they rebelled and withdrew into one portion of the prison, where they barricaded tliomselve?, and where the insurgents tried to burn them alive. The mattresses, however, being made of wool, preserved them, so that they were not much burned A hundred soldiers, who had remained in the hands of the Com mune when the barracks of Prince Eugene were captured, formed among themselves a very solid nucleus of resist&nce;, and at 5 o'clock on Saturday evening the Commune, seized with a positive panic, fled, carrying off with them the money chest, and directing their flight to the Mairle of tho Twentieth Axrondissement. The Commune was evidently composed of curs in this quarter, and if other victims had made a fight for their lives they might also have been successful. I observe that the Victorian iron-clad ship of war Cerberus is now fitted out and ready for sea, and judging from the description, although she looks more like an innocent American river passenger boat than a powerful man-of-war, she is likely to prove a formidable customer if her prowess should be called in question. But tho particular matter I have to notice in connection with this subject is tho rumpus which tho Sabbatarians in Melbournu kickod up because tho vessel was thrown open to public i inspection on a Sunday. They appear to have | assailed the Treasurer, Mr Berry, wito no end of 1 importunities because he persisted in allowing this privilege to the people ; but he was oom mendably firm on tho occasion, reminding hiB pious tormentors that the working classes had no other d&y; on which, they could have an opportunity of visiting the ship. Thoso Sabbath mongers are a class not altogether unknown to me Mentally they are cramped, selfish, and phari^aical. Personally they aro usually damp, white- faced, concupiscint-looking men, with any number rf childrsn, I see from late English papers that they ; have lately been distinguishing themselves groatly ' in London, under the au-pices of a certain Rev. Bee Wright, (The Little Busy Bee, I suppose) secretary to the Association for the Suppression of Sunday Trading. ThiB zealous individual attended at the Hammersmith police court on the 6th June last, and then and there distinguished himself by prosecuting certain poor women for keeping cake-sta^s and apple-stalls in the street on a Sunday, contrarv to the Statute of his late Majesty King Charles the Second of pious and virtuous memory. Some fineB were inflicted, and Maw worm and his witness, a man named Jackson, who had become well known in this line of business, were rewarded by being hissed and hooted by the populaoe in the street when they left the court, for which the parson returned and took out a summon 3 against one of the parties. Mr'. P. A. Taylor, M.P., writes to the London papers to say that this enforcement, by tho Maw worms, of the blessed Statute of Charles II., was becoming a source of most intolerable persecution against some of the very poorest and the most help less of the community. It is, indeed, absolutely ?hocking that 6uch things Bhenld be done under the name of religion. The persecution has given birth to an opposition, or resistance, in the shape of a 'Free Sunday Association and Mr. Taylor mentions the two following cases as having been recently brought before the bench : On Monday morning a littlo girl came to me in great dis tress, stating that her mother, who keeps a small sweet-shop in the neighbourhood, had been suddenly dragged off bv the police for nonpayment of fines for Sunday trading, leaving six young children unguarded, and that, her father bein? away from home at work, he .did not know what to do. She said they had paid man fines before, but this time they actually had not the means, and from the empty condition of the shop, as I subsequently ascertained, this wai probably correct. In the course of the day the father called, and nid he could not appear at the court to help his wife as there m a warrant against him tor a similar offence I rather advised that he and his wife should go quietly to pnson, in pursuance of the well-known observation of an advocate to his client, ' Only let them hang you, and they'll see what we will do ; but this advice not seeming palatable — possibly the- di children stood in the way— the only further spggeatlon I could make was that they should plead that the ES?* heJ.^iLe»m^et wo'1,in- 1 hear this morning that this Ft? « e!?lted temporary release, the magistrates tajdng time to consider the pout So muoh for one ewe. The second case-which came off at the Mansion-house-Is desraibed to me as follows The Free Sunday Association resolved totwt the Jaw in its application to one ol the most gorgeous functionaries, probably, of the known worW, vis, Mr. William Harding, the stats coachman of the Lord Mayor thus described in a graphic report which has been sent to me of the proceedings ' He wore a red coat trimmed with cold lace, buff breeches, and pink stockings, three-cornered hat trimmed with gold and red lacc, Ac.' Againntthls magnificent individual a Buminons wasdemanded for that, on Sunday 2Sth May, he did, in defiance of the Act 29 Charles IL. pursue his ordinary calling by driving the Lord Mayor in hfs state carriage from the Mansion-house to St Paul's Cathedral, tho distance being about one- third of a mile, Ihe progress being performed with great ceremony, and involving the attendance of many equally gorgeous persens, all fnlflllng their ordiharv calling. My correspondent says he cannot admit that the occupation ®* Warding could be termed a work of necessity, and «om?what disrespectfully adds, 'It was onlyawoik of displav S?a ETJ?£'0 that many of the attendants on ™!Lu3 TO? ny. while their masters were In the cathedral, themselves at the ? ? tavern, the hour being (sad to relate) not one during which public-houses are Hwmed to ' is needless to add that the L«rd Mayor refused to grant the summons, upon the ground that 'the come within the statute.' These cases speak j It .. ill gOiD» ,.0 law with the devil, they Bay, when jf- Murt » ^'d in - his own dominion ; andeo it wa^iiw, jidy that such a 'gorgeous fono bonoi^ os the Lord aiayor'g state coachman would be fined or committed by the king of the city him ' '? this calculated lo bring triio, heartfelt religion itself into disbelief . and contempt F _.?n,n me a Circumstance that has only Tec -ni.y occurred here — or, rather, that circum ftance icounds me of another. I alludo in the first usance to the conviction and sentence of Alexander Dongmuir, late of the schooner Challenge, for his I transact nee with the natives of the South Sea I Is Muoa. ..ve nothing to do with that particular I : ; o'i ^vLtwj W Immi..' tiii|ioaed ofj. but,- as L' tiL'triiir is - raid to * have boen a ' regular ?il.Ujndhtit with certain church, congregations when : on shore ; in Sydney, I am.' reminded of what occurred iome four or live years apo out here when Sir William Wiseman was Commodore on this station. Some blacks on one of the islands— 1 sup pose we shall never know for a positive fact the true Teason — attacked ' a 'missionary store,' and destroyed somo property belonging to the Hev. Mr; Paton. Vengeanoe was invoked, and Commodore Wiseman was called upon to inflict it, which he did; to some pnrpoBB, if I may judge from the . pictorial, and letter-press descriptions in the Illustrated Syd ney News of the day, where the natives were repre sented as being spitted axid slaughtered wholesale. Great 'scandal beingcausad by., all this, and by the severe animadversions of a rofcxiox of the IVose upon it, b meeting was called in Sydney .by the par sons, and I believe a vote of thanks was paBeeil. by them to the Commodore— who, for mv pwt, .I' n6ver blamed a bit, . as he was only cxeouUng orders, and must have thought Limself right enough so long as he had the approbation of the Men of Peaco. But at that meeting there was a cettain Elder who lifted up his voice and said that savages wero only to be dealt with by going them with ' the Bible in one hand and the sword in ill other,' The Soldier of the Lord Wilh the Bible and tbe Sword. This was our old Oliver Cromwell's cry ; but it was still more the way of another historical character — James Graham of Ciaverhouse, Viscount Dundee,, who used to make short work of the hill-side Cove nanters if tbey refused to take the test, and there fore preferred the honours of martyrdom by means of a platoon of soldiers — 'ready, - present, fire !' I am rather puzzled to explain how I think ihcre must be some connection between all this .and. Longmuir and his slave-catching and church -going ; delights. I know that-some connection there' must- be, but my head is too thick to hammer it out, and. sol leave it to your enlightened readers. The author of 'Nine Months in Fiji and other Islands' is throwing much light on such subjects as thiB. .'? While on the subject of the parsons, I may not be far out of the way in thinking or talking of a parson age j find there is one now in courss of construction j near George-street which— though I suppose it may not be called Golgotha now, as all the skulls are being removed -from the ground— will haro -a ghost like and skeletony repute attaching to it for many a' day. When the ancient Church of St. Katherine wfb pulled down, and the bones of the dead were removed from their graves, in order that the com pletion of the great docks might be proceeded with — although the place waB one of the lowest rookeries in London, and it -was known that the contemplated improvements would bo immensely advantageous, yet there was a kind of shocked feeling- at what seomed to be regarded as the desecration. For all that was known to the contrarv, the bones of valiant knights and peerless maidens might have been amongst the human debris carted off to stepney ann clsewnore. in me case ot the sseietons taken out of their vaults and coffins recently to make way for the foundations of the Dean's residence, ; near the Cathedral, there wai no probability of any such heraldic sacrilege ss this. We are told that the coffins had no plates on them, and the con clusion is that the skeletons carted off to Haslem's Creek were more nobodies, who will bo quite as com fortable there as they would be anywhere else. But porhaps this is a mistake. We have tho authority ef the Ghoul-like DordleB, the grave stone cutter, in poor Dickcns's last, unfinished story, that ' the old 'uns,' i.e., the gentlemen -under ground, are very quiet if left alone, and do not walk about at nights, as some people think; but how if Ihcy aro dis turbed ? What if some of ' the old 'uns' object to being hustled out of the proper abodes where, may be, pious hands had consigned them to their rest, and being hurried off to tho common grave, ' out in the cold f' Would it bo surprising to find one of these gentlemen itakinsr it into his empty bUu\\\ to walk into town in the middle of the nisht, nnd trying to get back to his old quarters, even if the parsonage, or deanery was built over them ? Fancy one of our ttately ' Bobbies' , bring called upon to arrest an unsubstantial visitor of this kind, endeavouring ,to get into the Vfean'e drawing-room windows, in order to find his way down to tho cellar! I suppose that the Church authorities will take the precaution of exorcising these perturbed spirits as much as possible ; but still I think that their mortal remains might as well have been left where they were. After a sleep , of some sixty or seventy years, perhaps, even a skele ton, or a ghost, cannot much relish this rude dis turbance, even although he had no plate on his coffin. The rattling knoclc of the skeleton hand at : the door of the deanery, seeking ttdmission as a mat ter of right, may etartlo some ploasant whist-party in evenings to come. Bully Tichhorne, or Castro — whichever his real name is, for I suppose that it is not high treason to express a doubt upon the point as yet— has one thing which should incline impartial juA»ment favourably towards him at present, and Unit is to say he has a confoundedly stupid, boorish lo6k, if I may judge from his portraits, which ara Tiiaw as plentiful as those of Tom Thumb, or O&nr; the Giant. Let nobody wonder at the hesitating, mazy answers of the claimant to the cross-examination of Sir John Coleridge, for the witness looks about as intelligent as one of the porkers that 'ho )B said to have been aocustomod to slaughtering. What a glorious harvest for the lawyors! Whichever ' side wins or loses, they must be paid ; and only just contrast' their happy lot! with that of the poor devils of briefleBs j barristers alluded to by Mr. Justice Byles, in London, a couple of months ago, in adjudicating in a osse under the Debtors* Act. An unfortunate was called j up:n t® pay a debt by monthly instalments of £2, -when he informed the judge that it was absolutely | impossible; that he was a barri -tor/and that he only had, on an average, about one brief in a year ; whereupon Mr. Justice Byloa made some remarks confirmatory of the distressed condition of many of the profession, and the Press comments upon the subject, in disapproval of needy persona ruBhing to the bar for a living, ' without any particular gift of eloquence or speoial knowledge, and, what is still mar1 fatal, without 'connection.'' Oh, what would thoso starved land-sharks, with nothing to shark upon— who perhaps carry home their euppevs in the crowns of their hats — when they have any suppers at all— give for one slice out of the Tiohborne Pudding ! But to come back to the cose itself — what nonsense it is to pro hibit people from offering opinions upon it, for I tell you, Sir, that they will do so ; because, as the old gossiping woman in ovr back street says, 'People will have their own opinions, my dear. Here is an instance : A certain tallow-faced bnt red nosed teetotaller— bo I am told — was anxious to know the merits of the Tichborne case, and, after trying for a longtime in vain to suck it in, asked the name of the defendant. ' LuBhington,' was the | reply : ' the case is Tichborne against Lushington.' ' Lushington ! ' repeated tbe teetotaller aghast ; ! ' then I am dead against him. We all set our faces j against people of that kind ! ' So here was an opinion formed at once, and in ut!er defianco of orders of court and writs for contempt. I I perceive that the Scott Centenary is to be celo- ' fcr&ted; by a banquet instead of a ball, and that those who had conscientious scruples against dancing to the memory of the great author will have no objection to ealing to his memory. We are queer mortals ! I presume that the influence of the Hon. John Bowie ha« been thrown into the scale in favour of the feeding, as he is supposed to have a greater aptitude for gastronomical than saltatory exercises, and as his weight would carry a great deal. Well, I hope thov will be well supplied with : haggis, brosc, porritch, cauld kail, and cock a-leekie, and 'that none of them will talk too much about themselves after dinner ; aud so ' May good digestion wait on appetite.' — Empire. 