*VAGUE PEOPLE. (Fvrom MeLtewdoy? R~eviw. The core of society is coinp nec enough, mnade up so :it is of thorns real doeem of the world's work who are clear so to what they want, and who poises a definite object with both moaning sod method. Dot outside thio solid nucleus lies a floating popolation of vogue. people ; ocbulous poople ; people withont meutat cohorence or the power of iotellectoalgrewth o people without purpose, without aim, who drift with any corrent anywhere, making no sttempi st conscious steering, sod having no port to which they desire to steer; peeple'who areemphaticallyloose in their men? tt lhinegee, and who cannot be trosted with any ofirce requiring distinct perception or erect eneeution ; people to whom enietence is something to be got throogh with as little trouble sod so much plessure as may be, but who have not the fainteotiden that life contains s principle which each man ought ts make clear to himself and work nout at any coet, and to whichbhe ought to sobordiuste and hoarmonice all his faculties and his efforts. These vague people of nebuloos minds compose the larger half of the world, anod count for joet no conch dead woighit, which im pedes or gives ito inert strength to the active agonte es it chancres to be bundled. They are sloe mejority which voeis in committees sand all assemblies so theyv are influenced by the one or two clear-minded leader~s who knnw what they are about, and who drive them like eheep by thn mere force of a definite idea and a resolute will. Yet if there is nothing on which vague people are clear, and if they arc not difficult to influence as the nmajority," there in much onuwhich they are positive us amatter .of private conclotion. In oppositison to the exhortation to be able to give a reason for the faith that is in no, they can give no reason "for any thing they believs, or fancy they believe. They a're sore of the result, hot the logical method by which that result has been reached is beyond their power to remember or understood. To argue with them is to s-pend labour and strength is vain, like trying to make ropes nut of sea sand. Beaten oif" at every point, they settle down again into the old vagne, nap oury credo, and it is like fighting with ghosts to attempt to con v ince thsem of a better way. fhry took at you h~elp lessly, assenst loosely to your prepooltions ; but when you coma to theneceoearyeiedaetion, they doable hack: to a vugne sdsertioa thot they do tot agree with yea, they eannot prove you wrong, bat thsey are sure that they are right ; end you knew then that the collapse is hopeless. If this merant tenacity, it would bee tsoar respertable, even though the convictieo were cerro neon, ; bat .it is the mere animprose;ible fluidity of vagoenees, thse impossibility of giving ehape and co herenco to a floating fog, or a formless hazer. Vague us to the hoots of their beliefs, they are vaguer still as to their facto. These in;decd are likena ladder of whirlh half the range are missing. Th~ey never remembera story, and ehey coanot describe what they have sect;. Of the first they are sure to iese the point and to en tangle the thread ; ef the loot they forget all the de tail, and confound both sequenre and position. As. to dates, they are as if lest iu a wood when you re-: quiro definite centuriess years, months; but they are great in the chronological generosity of "~about,' which is to them what the middle ages and classic times are to uncertain historians. It is as much as they can do to remember their own birthday ; hat' Ihey see never sure of their children's ; "acd generally mix up names and ages in a manner that exasperates? the young people like a personal insult. Wsth the best intentions in the world, they do lull nite mischief. They detail what they think they have heard of their neighbours' sayings and doings ; bet as they never detail anything exactly, or twice alike, by the time they hare told the story to half-a-doee frends they have given currency to half-a-docan dliffe rent chimeras which never existed veeo in their own w.oolly imaginations. No repute is safe with them, even though they may he personally good-natured and noxious not to do snyons harm ; but they sre* so, vague that they are always setting afloat exaggerations which are substantially falsuheods ; and if yes tell them the most innocent fact of anyone you would not injure for worlds--say your own daughter or year dearest friend--they are sore to repent it with addi tions and distortions, till they have muds it into a Frankenstein, which no one now can subdue. Beside t.his mental baziness, which neither sees nor shapes a fact correctly, vague people are loose and unstabte 'no t.heir habits. They know sothing of punutuolity st. hems or abroad, and you are never sure that you will: not stumble en thsem at .most times at what time soerer yen may call. Butworee than this, your own moot times," or any ether times, are rover safe ?from. then. They float into your house uncertainly, vag~uely, without purpose, 'with nothing to say ani spithing; to do, and for no reason thst yen can discever..4usd when they casio they stay ;'anud yenou nasntfor ,the' life of you find otst what tiny want, or why tbcyloaeve come at alL' Theoy invade yenast sli~thas, in your: busj hours, on your' esored days stand 4~t there inn dhautle.ktnd of silence, or wlit vage talk.that 4? toces.: yoor breinsato bring tea focis?; lsnt~they areteoofoggy to underetaud anythiag ls'e a delicate hint, and if you Want to get rid of 'them; yea must risk a quarreii and effeotively shoulder them eat. The'y will be no less. Theysare so much driftwood in your life, and you can make no good of them for yourself or others- Urea w-hen they undertake to help yea, they do you morno harm than good by the hazy way in which they under- : stand, and the inexactness with which 'they carry sat, your wishes. They volunte~er to get yea by 'favou.y the thing you'want and cannot find in the genersway:v,.' of basinese---say, somethingeof a peculiar shadef oliver ' green-a-nd the' 'bring you in triumph a brilliant ; +obalt ; they know the very' animal yodu are looking for, they say, with a confidence thst impresses yea, and they send to your stable a grey hnpres to mastolo year bay posy ; and if yea trust to their sancoatrellpd notion in year affairs, you find yourself 'committed to. resposeikiltites you cannot meet and brosgihi to tin v-erge of destruntios. "They do all this mischief, not for wpottst goodwill, but for wantief definiteness of perceptistn ; and are as cersyse yost as..when they make "'pie" sad nut a legible sheet. 'lihdea.esiese good, but a vague desire to hlaspis 'equsl it;. no help. at all ; or even worse--it is a poaiktveevil,'hnd throws yen wrong by jast so much as it attempte to net you straight. They 'are as unsatiufaeoroy if you, try to h:elp them. They are in evil rest, andyou are p~hilan thropicaly anxious It assiit'thom. Yan tbink?a one' vigorous push would lift the car of their .fortne oct 'o' the rut so which 'it has ate' and 'yougo to them' with the benevolent .deasin .of leudipg your] shoulder 'as the lever. Teen'quostion'thim aste the central fart which they wish changed a for'you~hnw that in most eases mnofoirtuoep ce'ptallice r.uod one such enil centre, whldhhbeing iremoved the ipsi w~uld. The'ay point out th Ilate .spperfioal..._ao_.pess enoi, that Amali remedablh'anenoyanoa,. sq tbe.atmu,t they eMci. do is' the. tyj uf deinitepzess; 'bet.wbzen eoly'et; wpkit egt tjaor e yes~ tendwll nr?'athisig jst cloudy' onip'inutow of enroul tfeouilt, o universal.? i nsit ofranpoe. rd eirtoanitshiee w'thsehit en ay ebizgrhpl; bTo catldertenh'?de??vae~no esdif.ficg£ enough; bat woutseid ereonmce":of have dqspiltid tihejnrmanwhossezP in the lumsi mtof ass hemtAb fuishemeian'al Ie mo'to is' i the dam nmter hlolih.tyo Onlymedich alu m epewen knwt b'filthe difficult of dhealn wihovague peple. whey~n iteaisneessr th~ain thiey shoudh prensssi. iftheyo looaiter uhns p als define nodo senslatiousg ifyhedotor, tink hadehawa cuhetre hol ofamine~lsigsmtm it fadd poeswa he"y, a hbe tie to examin? oe iete thsadprb as 'eaingsemayh cu of nicmorthing moedfnteutha perovedingo tseanse of disetcmf ort whith the r m ustpeoleintoitns ; ndasa aspeopbes can' Bfenwith theireuspisinas; aud vaguestwi phepl are'l yoften staglyosespiindoway. tand dstouthoL u The telyu i n aro use, kn fwyta such' or suchawmnn ela. atman ish asrogue, each'oursc a woema nor thotter than shae shoulne. ;You askge themfo theiraz dasta-n utlthey haeu nrones yhea uggntray tatd thysr minea," untsilno they ran prtaysthe c entryad ;your vegf'jur friends listen to you amiably, then go bask en. theta charge, and say, "I am sure of it"--whieh ends the" conversation. They rely en their impression, as ether people rely en. known faute, suds fa ggy bellef is to thsm. whut a mathematical demonstratioen is to the exast. In busiunos matters they .are simply maddening. They never have the neeessary. pspser; they donut.: answer letters ; they confuse youar qunestiens, and, e ply st randum or not at all; and they forget all dates_ and details. When they go to their lawyer en busi nass they leave certificates and dcafts behind them locked up where no end 'an gel at th~em ; or: if they send 4lireeliones and the keys, they tell the oereant te looik ?for an oblong blue'envelope in the.rjght-hiasid drawe~r, when they oaght to have said a 'sjenors wl?t.hi parnel in thseleft. They give you veas e osnosaeon. to exeoutes; alad you .have tofid.ypcr way in~the fog. to the best of your Ability. 'Thesy say they want souse thoag like something' she .you have never seen, an they, cannot give set address mere exact than. "Saso. whet-s in Ox fod fiticet." They think the man'a pamp. is Bakeor, or something like tamt. Perhaps it is ?loweri= hut the' suggestion of ideas ought to be intellsgtble to you, and is quite near enongh'for them. They ask yea ta mest them wisin' they biib~ntsp~ Limndon, but they do not give you either the setationeor the ican. T?oou have to mahe a guess as mearesa you can, and when yea reproach them, they pay yea the complistent of saying yov are so clever, it was net neessary for them to enz t.hemn P- When youeakwherethoywere stationed, they say they do net know ; and whsn you suggest that Ifia+doas and Ctdcustin are nut in theam Pre'osidencies, t.hat In dia is a large place, send Ausaralia not quite like a;n English county, they look helpless and bewildered, and drist away into thervaguaegeography familiarto'theom, 5'somewhere in Indig" 'semewhere in Australia," and. 'I thou~ght yen mighthave metathem." Forgoogrephy, ilke history, is one of the branehes of the treceof know ledge t~hey have never climbed, and which the fruits are as though they were nut. Bat apasrtfreomthe per sonal discomforts to whiohbregus 'peope subject them. selves, and the absprdities of which theypare~gnity, one cannot help speculating en the spiritual state of folks to wheat nothing is precise, nothing definite, ted no question of faith clearly' thought out. Pp"be sure they' m-ay be great in the realm of convictionn; hut so is the African savage whens ho haeor the ghoste of his ances-. tore nasa heowling in the woods; s o is the assasesin of the smountain, when be sees heaven open as he throws' himself en the spears of his enemies in an eustace..f faith, to be realised by slaughter and suicide. Coenvic. dione based on imagination, unsupported .bov facto or' proofs, are an worthless in 'a mural as in" a I1igicat point of view'; but the vsgue have nething hotter;' and whether us politicians or as pietiste, though they are warm Iurttinasts, they are bst feeble advocates, fond of fiocrishing abount lsrje generalities, bat impossIble to pin to any :point and usable Is defend any position. To those who ?mast have somethIng absolute and pre cise, however limited--one inch of firmly-laid founda tion on which to build ep the remainder--it is a matter of more wonder thun envy how the vsgue are content to live for ever in s base which has no clear ness of outline, no definiteness of detail, and how they can nooks thenmselvee happy in a name, calling their fog fsith, and therewith counting themselves hicased. A MODE]L Tsasxn'e.-Among the thousends ofoarticles included in the American tariff there are 191 items subject to duties ranging from lat lO 0per cent.., which yielded to thu Onstoms renenue in 1870 £48,008. The. cost of collecting them was estimated to ho £64,000. Another proof of the wisdom and adrantage of protec tion (remarhs the A?r.qo). Upon eight of these artieles the amount paid to the Treasory was £4018, while the amusnt paid hythe consumers tothe monopolisto in the shape of enhanced prices of the local commodities was £1,785,305. A?n old Scotols lady was told that her minister need notes. She disholiceed it. Said one, " Go into the gollery and see." She did so, and saw the written sermon. After the luchless preacher had coseinded hois reading on the lost page, he said,: " But I will nol enlarge." The old woman cried out from her lofty position : "Ye coons, ye casna, for your paper's give -out." L~owry reached Cheyenne Agetiry on'he laste trip, the Sioux Indians at that place had what is knowoa asthe sun dance---o called beemuse the denseee onlnta for t wenty.iour hours without interonieion, ,the dpueers noteren 8topping for refreshments. It io','de '?wg intoryal that young Indisan who aspire.to .rt'.uk.?b thbe "hearse""are enhject to a toying a.d crefe~i?#. cuttng clear to the bone, when the musulessarr?tise up and a stout stick taserted beneath. "I e.sijar incision is made in thehbackand a~etk pasiee'thnu the flesh, so in the other ease. 'Then as tenu? ?.to~fd 1i% attached to either end of the stink, so that tt'l~tynt he drawn nut, and the cord securely frsetehtf'to.'tlie ceiling of the ceuneil chamb~er. T he .eeaioui?tislle promnotion then comnneane a dsnses;J]mpilnjfrwiid and backward, throwing.their, wltsleweiqh~t-upon the cord, and this they keep up until thetslwheorsm.,rfl through the flesh. The young Indian ehogitefJi from pain so exhaustion before hesoped i~twreach tag the sticks tram his bedy, is deesolawdsnw .tbc heca wurrior, and iafor seer. slisgege4 .l thnege of his brethren.. The moose .la eaid to0 joearmystn"~ ta?g 005 to witness. The'blood streme fes ?m4hejf.a end lacerated flesh, whils~tbe derotep wlthn]smonifto yells pluoge around "to aperfeet keenay,. ,Tbe.? "ton applaud and. taunt by ?~n, inoiiipg4#nr wrethes..to more desperete.oetp kokppeapgn..n,. until finally, as the last emaew snaps, am4*brZ~e gory and, e~x.haustd qppn~he gro un?,kjrq. pjeed well i+magine ,himself.i .a+. y.rteh.e , snai ,i the. Mogbaye Lwere t Cldsejeoe .opq? oriqthwpa of the poet, and OnUe.?tbe.'i?m.+ _Msrlsa~l?.+wt+ qpae accountof "The~emptation andI ghll.'4etoddaseq, teristiusily .Frenuh .to bein o,:ser1Menihrldn?at he wake up, he seeauoehellesdesnoikelleeilpaep ".?gt?1 Voile do in tihaneel "Eonjoia,Meaueit~t?ata?)' Te, phe wake ; ?lhe heldi ino kmn,,fsShesl4S" •Monsisu.r put up. hisoyeglaes tb .dmseicaetialle Zey make one~premeadae. ,c Madame'Jb,ilne.tdt hungry? she .see appet onn;?earbee.,flepent!eee~pe menedseser !.r~bc, +make. ,nst :weesl,@ -esoteo "Moss. Is Ssrpoot,Wesye ,r, U[ weeb?yehwndt tares honte .to peek ,we some~e aplpo r?ai~amfP offm? tstoment5 Madama,"',enye'ue ,perpes+lhehte Adam ; 5p?top,stop s +queeosfe, rouatiefl.&VIS;? snake hne &ake; :one piubnh of sos?,oloe dqlc'citc!tI Mons. Adam; do you nut hnow aerem omeg__i losbeet~for se .IadieaP.MedadmelwVbbl[Sotf.er couret esy asppeak ho dfll.her hoehkbel+oeet+D know .aegoo? and seil.,'?,,t ?'6us.. A~1ad.AV_ cannot bepome more 'of e goddeesMn yeaart?. "de?il And n ?is fna Madam I,- . h" ,$i .,airAD-<., 