Miscellaneous. CoNiiuiNo in Children. — "That used to be the pie closet," said' a young lady, pointing ton little re cess in the chimney' oi the dniing-room, " and many a . time irhen mother was gone out George and I have climbed up there and helped ourselves ; sometimes she found us out, but we generally managed to get off without suspicion." There must be something radically defective in your mother's discipline thought we, and watched to lind out what it was, that our children when older might not be given to such petty larceny. The secret was not a difficult one. Be tween parents and children in that family there was no mutual confidence. The father did not consult his sons on matters of family interest, the mother kept her own counsel and treated her daughters as rivals and dependents rather than with that lree and easy compamoneliip so fitting the maternal and filial relation. The difficulty at the bottom of all this was selfishness en the part of the parents first, and by natural consequences reflected from the heart of every child. If the girls had a sweetheart their mother was the last person to know it ; if the boys got into 3 scrape their father was never consulted as to the best way out of it. The very opposite of aU this should be the state of families, and may be if parents begin in season. Let the child be made to feel from the beginning that the interest of the house hold is one. Let him grow up knowing just where the sugar-bowl, the cake box, and the sweetmeats are kept, but let him be restrained from taking them furtively by something far stronger than locks and keys. Let him be encouraged to ask questions on every subject that comes under his notice, and let those questions be answered by parents with frank ness and candour. Surely there is nothing which a child should not feel at liberty to talk over with his father and mother, and there are a vast number of ideas that come best from a parent's lips to the mind of his child. ScHOLAMHtP AND PROFESSIONAL SUCCESS. — The Solicitor-General, Sir J. D. Coleridge, in addressing the Edinburgh Philosophical Institution lately said that while he admitted in the broadest way that scholarship is not essential to great public and pro fessional success, " yet it contributed not a little to the practical efficiency of some of our greatest men. Abstract the scholar from Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Lowe, abstract the man of letters from Mr. Disraeli, and you leave them denuded of a considerable portion of that power by which they sway their followers." Say rather, perhaps, by which they gained and keep their success, not by wliich they practically rule. Might it not be fairly eon- tended that that part of both Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Disraeli which comes out specially in- their literary work is not only not the part which makes them suc cessful rulers, but perhaps that which has made them unsuccessful rulers r The intellectual com plexity of Mr. Gladstone's mind, the brilliant view- iness of Mr. Disraeli's, have constantly startled and alarmed the country, never increased the faith in their practical measures. Mr. Gladstone's great ele ments of practical success have been his Lancashire lucidity, keenness, and frugality, especially as shown in finance." Mr. Disraeli has had no success as a practical administrator at all. Lord Palmerston was preferred by the country to both, because he was much more limited than either, and had that strength and firmness of purpose to which limitation of intel lect so much contributes. — Spectator. Lighting Streets et Electricity. — The JJ. Y. Tribune has the following: — Many who have visited the Capitol at Washington within the last few years, have witnessed with admiration the working of Gar diner's apparatus for lighting its gas-jets by elec tricity. In this apparatus, small spirels of platinum are attached to lava-tipped gas burners, and connected with powerful galvanic batteries. A current of dynamic electricity is established, which, in passing over the spirals, heats them to a dull red, and thus ignites the gas. The x>latinum spirals are placed immediately over the gas-jets, insuring ignition while during the burning of the ga6 they are within the cooler and deoxodising part of the" flame, which insures their durability for a long time. The apparatus has been used with perfect success, in the Capitol, .and also in Mr. Stewart's store and private residence in this city, lighting several thousand burners without once failing,- and with great economy. It has cost the Government nothing whatever for repairs to gas-burners at the Capitol since the adop tion of this improvement. Some capitalists are now forming a company with the view of securing the adoption of this "improvement for city purposes. They propose the laying a system of 6treet wires underground, which shall provide a supply of elec trical force everywhere. It is as easy to tap a main of electricity as it is to tap a main of water or of , gas. In their programme they contemplate the application of electricity to the lighting of the public lamps, and by the same means turning on and off the gas ; and the operation of a fire-alarm telegraph upon the same wires, so as to do away with the unsightly poles and other inconveniences of the present system. Even if the gaslight be extinguished, it "will instantly re- ignite by the action of the current of electricity con stantly operating. Among other considerations of utility, such as the actual saving of gas and the avoidance of the use of matches, is urged the prac ticability of combining with this a system of burglar alarms for use in public and private buildings. The Darin Family Motto. — -The motto on the crest of the Lord Mayor is, " Strike, Dakin, strike ; the devil's in the hemp." The following explanation is given in M. A. Denham's " Slogans of the North of England," 4to. 1851, p. 14 The - strangest of all northern mottoes — ' Stiyke, Dakeyn, the Devil's in the hempel' — is, I believe, first found in the grant of new arms by Flower, in 1563, to Arthur Dakyns, Esq., of Linton and Hacknesa, in Holdfer- ness. . . . Arthur Dakyns was a general in the army, but as two or three centuries ago generals com manded on sea as well as on land, I imagine that. he had distinguished himself in some gallant fight, perhaps against the Spaniards, wherein all the turn ing point of victory consisted in cutting some portion of a ship's hempen sails or cordage. It often happens that mottoes are dispersed among branches to whose history they are wholly inapplicable. The elder Dakeynes of Derbyshire, enchanted with the- exploit of cutting the Devil out of the hemp, assumed the odd motto in Question at the very commencement of the seventeenth century, and confirmed to them in 1611 by St. George. The crest always consorted with the motto. Out of a naval coronet springs an arm brandishing a hatchet, and prepared to stnke." — City Press. ; , The Turkish Army. — The Frcmlemblatt of Vienna gives an account, " from a military source," of the present condition of the Turkish army, which has a special interest now that a conflict between Russia and Turkey is threatening. It says, that those who have watched for the last few years the development of the organization of the Turkish army,' and seen its various corps in action and en negligt, have come to the conclusion that it has become quite equal to any troops that Russia could bring against it. Even in 1853 and 18-54 the Russians were unable to gain any decisive victory over the Turks, and since then the military administration of the Forte has fully taken advantage of every modern improvement. All the field batteries have rifled guns, and the principal fortresses and harbours are aimed with heavy breech - loading cannon. The whole of the infantry, cavalry, and scientific corps are provided with " Sniders, and the artillery with five-barrelled revolvers. The reserve (redif) and militia have as yet only had Minie rifles, but they will also be armed with Sniders shortly. Another important element of the new system, the education of officers, has been thoroughly attended to, and the military academies new furnish yearly about 120 officers, who are employed partly on the staff, partly in the various corps of the army. The old plan of employing foreigners as officers, which did not work well, has now been abandoned, and their places ere occupied by natives, who, by a thorough course of study both at home and abroad, have made themselves masters of the latest improvements in the art of war. The cloth ing of the aimy is very comfortable and prac- tiud, and the knapsacks are reduced to the lowest possible weight; the cavalry is admirably mounted, and the artiuery waggons are everything that the most exacting Boldier can desire. As for the men, they form almoBt a good material for an army as any that can be found in Europe. Patient, obedient ahd intelligent, they endure hardships of every kind without a murmur, and are exceedingly skilful and quick in all military manoeuvres. The only point in which they may prove inferior to European troops is that they are unaccustomed to sbarp-snooting, and prefer fighting hand to hand. Taking them altogether, the writer holds that the Turkish troops may, so far as quality is concerned, await with calmness a Russian attack. Not could Russia bring into the field a much stronger lorce than Turkey as regards numbers ; for her huge territory and domestic requirements compel her to keep a large army at home, and Turkey, even without a Laxdwehr or the contingents of allies, can dispose of a force of 350,000 men, 50,000 hoTscs, and 900 guns, to say nothing of her tioct, which iB more numerous, and at least as efficient, as that of Russia, and is under the command of an able and experienced leader. Trifling with Life. — Among the many instances of reckless disregard of life in America, the one men tioned below h'as peculiarities that almost exonerate die Chicago Tribune from a charge of levity in head ing an account of suicide with the wordB. " How two men decided to become angelB for fun." Last No vember, a sailor named Bromilow paid a visit to an acquaintance named Sanders, proprietor of a saloon at 46, East Adams-street. They took several drinks,, and began to talk in a desultory sort of way about the ills that mortal flesh is heir to. They took more, drinks, and then entered on speculations as to the situation of things in the other world. With more drinking and more ' talking, they finally came to the fixed conclusion that this mun dane sphere is not a fit place for high-souled men to dwell upon and decided, as Mr. Sanders ex pressed it, "te become angels." With this deter mination they visited Paine'6 drug store and pur chased fifty cents' worth of morphine. As Mr. Bromilow's exchequer had failed to pay dividends several days before, Mr. Sanders footed the bill and tnc couple returned arm in arm to the saloon, where they sat down and again talked the matter over. After a thorough discussion, involving the questien of their existence, both voted to "shuttle," and to this end made an equal division of the morphine. After a tender embrace each swallowed his dose and separated, to meet again in another world. Bromilow, repaired to the Moulton House. On crossing Welk'-street Bridge he met an ac quaintance and informed him tbat he would join the celestial choristers before morning. The friend laughed heartily at "the joke," and passed on. Litde did he think that Bromilow meant business. The latter repaired to the hotel, sat down in the sitting room and gave himself into the care of grim death. He said not a word to any one in the house, but faced the great destroyer like a determined soldier, and before midnight was found a corpse. The people at the hotel had no suspicion of the cause of death and ascribed it to heart disease or apoplexy. Meantime Sanders walked about the streets for an hour or two and finally returned to his home, when he soon lapsed into a condition of insensibility, which his friehds ascribed to inebriation. In. the morning he returned to consciousness and was greatly surprised and highly indignant to find himself still this side of the Styx. He made no secret about his attempt at suicide, and told the story of the compact with his friend Bromilow, who, he hoped, had gone " over the river," and become an angel. The people at the house doubted this story, and sent for information to the Moulton House, and to their astonishment, were informed of the result already known to the reader. Bromilow had been drinking whiBky all the evening, and being possessed of a weak constitution, suc cumbed to the poisan. Sanders, on the other hand, being a strong man, and as he had limited himself to beer, was able to overcome the effect of the drug. He gave his testimony at the inquest held over the body of Bromilow. and expressed deep regret that he had not been permitted to join the angels in company with his friend. " But I'll follow him yet," said he ; " I'll be one cf the angelic host in a few days." The deceased was an Englishman, about twenty-five years of age. He has a brother in the city. Sanders is also a young man, and likewise I an Englishman. ' . The Latest Thing out in American Sectarianism. — The Cincimiati Commercial informs its readers that great religious excitement exists at a place twelve miles from Paterson. A new religious society, called "Jehovah's Band," has been started, supplanting a favourite station of the Methodist Church. The Methodists sent their best preachers to combat the heresy, but they are repudiated ; each in his turn is forced to leave. The peculiar form of worship developcs itself in puffing, blowing, whistling, shout ing, jumping, wrestling, falling on the floor, and rolling over and kicking. Both women and men engage in the exercise. Baptism is by immersion in the village mill-pond at the dead hour of night. On Sunday they hold continuous services, and take a recess for meals only, refusing to read a newspaper or even to receive a letter on that day. A wealthy and well-to-do farmerof the neighbourhood is the chief man of the band, and recently had his house rebuilt espe cially to accommodate the brethren ; one room, rest ing on strong beams, lias stood the jumping ; but a short time ago an ardent member, in a paroxysm of fanaticism, declared that when filled with the Holy Ghost he felt as light as air, and even though he jumped upon a looking-glass he would not so much as bruise it with a scratch, whereupon he began to leap upon the stone hearth and broke it off, and then, leaping on the top, broke in the frail covers, and finally smashed m a big rocking-chair before he sub sided. Recently a convert to the new faith — a man of family — was baptised in the farmer's mill-pond, . before the members of the band, amid shouts land ' cries, the whole of the band at one time shouting' " fire," to the alarm of their neighbours, it being then after midnight. One of the band told a reporter that as he was at work in his barn he got the spirit, and that he ran a mile over ditches and fences before the spirit left him, and all this time he was so elated that he thought he was flying. They will not allow any one, excepting those belonging to the band, to join with them in singing or jumping, or any other \- of their exercises, although no objection is made to the attendance of outsiders at the meetings of the band. A dozen people will have the floor at one time, pounding and kicking, and the whole crowd seems worked up to a fearful state of excitement ; some jumping until they fall, the women shrieking in the wildest manner, and others, praying, whistling, or puffing, as if for a wager. They permit no levity on the part of the young folk during the proceedings. One of the band, whose name is mentioned, is thought to be growing insane under the excitement of this re ligious frenzy. There is no doubt that the members of the band are sincere enthusiasts. The society now numbers over five hundred members. Dreaming. — There are circumstances generally of a painful kind, under which certain objects so firmly take possession of the mind, that even in sound sleep they unwillingly relax their hold, and are ready to appear at the first wakeful moment, when they put on a terrible freshness. Such objects are, of course, prominent in our dreams ; it seems as if that anxibty for the future, which has occupied us during the day, also lasts through the night. This , state of mind, however, is fortunately exceptional, and under ordi nary circumstances, I can say for myself, that my dreams have nothing whatever to do with the events of the preceding day. This experience directly opposes the theory that the objects of our thoughts before we fall asleep form the subject of our nightly vision, or rather confines the application of this theory to an abnormal state of - things. .When my mind is tolerably at ease, my dreams generally refer to a period of my life which' has passed away long ago, and has left scarcely a trace behind it, whereas of the persons with whom I con verse almost daily, and in whom I take a serious in terest, I rarely dream at all. During the period in question, I was studying, or pretending to study, the law in a solicitor's office ; but I never seriously fol lowed the profession, and at last 1 gave it up alto gether. It was a period of seven years, but though I had many associates, and was on good terms with all my fellows, there is not one among them with whom I am intimate now. As for my friends of the present, when I tell them that I was once a lawyer, they smile with bland incredulity, so different is the capacity in wliich I have long been known. Yet, strange to say, to this unfruitful, unprofitable period, unmarked as it was by a single stirring incident, do I commonly recur in my dreams, when my mind is not troubled. Again I am in that old-fashioned city office, feeling that it is my duty to be there, and somewhat un easy lest I may be reprimanded for coming late. The person who may possibly reprimand is the senior, partner, who has ceased to take a very active share in the business, and whose energies arc commonly wasted in a vain endeavour to bring us youngsters to something like a sense of discipline. He is a native cf Yorkshire, and though he has been from his youth a resident in the Great City, he speaks with a pro- I vincial bluffness which awes young cockneys, though I they know that at bottom he is thoroughly good- \ humoured, and though they not unfrequentiy smile at the alips in grammar of which he iB occasionally guilty, and which have no connexion with the dialect of his county. Of this good old gentleman, dead long ago, and distinguished even from the men of his time by his unwieldy figure, his ill-fitting black coat, ami his drab breeches, continued by gaiters, I never think by any chance during my wakeful hours, and I only think of him at the present moment because I am. penning these confessions. And yet, as I have said, he is one of the most familiar figures in my dreams.— Diciens's " All the Tear Hound," Effects of the Italian Occupation.— A Flor ence newspaper correspondent sayB : — Newspapers are springing up like mushrooms in the virgin soil of Rome. The new Government, of course, has its organ, the Gasetta Djjiciale di Roma ; then come the journals started by private speculation, Gaietta del Popolo, Gacetta di Roma, II Tribuno, La Capitate, II Miglioramento, Ike. Most of these will have dis appeared in a fewweeks, and will be succeeded by others, and so on, until the Florentine papers, mostly themselves of Turinese extraction, begin to move I southward. Schemes of all kinds are on foot for i the improvements of the city. An omnibus com- | pany is in formation ; "for Rome is as yet . without these ' locomotive conveniences. Another | society undertakes to drain a portion of the Argo | Romano, wliich the priests have reduced to a desert. | Our principal publishers are opening branch estab- | lishments ; the Florentine Building Company is on 6 the spot, and before long the great work of transfer- f mation will liave begun in earnest. In tho mean- ?j time the public exigencies seem to be becoming more 'i moderate, and many, who but a week ago were in- |i sisling upon an immediate removal to the new capi- j; tal, now opine that things may veiy well remain as f they are for the present. To-morrow, however, tho i wind may set in quite the opposite direction, and j probably the Government itsc-lf knows as little as the rest of us what it means to do. One of tho f happy consequences resulting from the entry of J the Italian troops in Rome deserves to be noted. I The Jewry has bees thrown open, and the hapless | outcasts immured therein are now reinstated in their | rights as men and citizens. And amid the deluge of I addresses and congratulatory effusions poured in upon I us from every side since the great event of September I 20, I have read nothing more touching than the j document in which the Israelitish community of |. Rome hails the advent of a brighter dawn lor its afflicted race, and with simple dignity expresses its gratitude for the boon of civil and religious fr eedom. As you are aware, the Jews at Rome were compelled U. to run foot-races once a year, I think at Easter, foe 1 the delectation of true believers, and if they do not do so to this day it is because the penalty has been latterly commuted into an annual money tribute. The New Jury Act. — This Act is now in full operation under the rules which the Judges of the various Courts have made for carrying it into effect. How far these rules will meet with public approval remains to be seen. The Act will scarcely bo approved by suitors on the score of economy; in fact, in some instances the Act is very oppressive, and sooner or later either the Act itself or the rules made in relation to it must be altered. Special jury cases are now tried in the order in which they stand.in the cause list, and it is competent for the Judge to retain the 6ervic.es of one jury during the trial of Beveral cases. Each juror in attendance is entitled to one guinea per diem, and is to be paid by the Associate of the Court in which he is summoned at the close of the sittings. The abolition of the special jury list of appointments is looked upon in many quarters with great disfavour, as it is calculated to entail upon suitors unnecessary expenses and deprive them of the services of the counsel engaged by their respective solicitors. The present mode of payment to jurymen will fall with great pecuniary severity in some instances, and vastly increase the . cost of litigation, which is hardly desir able. A compromise or settlement is almost now past hope. When people have been compelled to pay their money beforehand, as a rule they will be more disposed to fight tlie battle out than come to an amicable arrangement. Formerly, if a plaintiff wished to withdraw the record in his cause he could do so on the payment of a trifling sum, but now the cost of the jury i6 added to that of withdrawal, and if withdrawal be necessary or advisable the jury pay is so much money thrown away. There are many persons whoso opinion upon the subject is entitled to great weight who think that the old jury system, if honestly carried out, would have rendered the new legislation on the " subject wholly unnecessary. If all men liable to serve had been compelled to attend as jurymen few persons would have had grounds for complaining that ihey had been called upon to render service from which their neighbours had an unaccountable immu nity. If a commission had been issued, with power to the Commissioners to summon "West-end trades men and others before them to give evidence of the occasions on which they had served, and the reasons j why they had not done so more frequently, much light I might have been thrown on the subject. , To fee j a summoning officer not to do his duty is a punishable offence, hut, as conviction is necessary before punishment, the evidence required for the i purpose is difficult to obtain. It used to be a matter i of public comment in Westminster Ilall that .only the f tradesman whose absence from his home was almost j fatal to his business answered to his nane as . a jury- man; tradesmen whose -faces were well known and 1 who could well afford to serve contrived to shirk the duty ; if summoned they seldom or never attended ; ! and if not summoned how did they contrive to keep the summoning officer from their doors ; It may be urged that this evasion of a duty made farther legis lation necessary, hut it is rather hard that the delin quencies of jurymen, or rather of men who by hook or by crook shuttled out of being jurymen, should be paid for by fees extracted from the pockets of un fortunate suitors. It would have been far more satis factory if jury fees had been abolished altogether, and all men liable to serve, had been compelled to do so, or, in absence of a satisfactory reason for not doing so, had been heavily fined, and, what is more, made to pay the fine. . . - 1 German Professors. — Professor Treitschke warmly advocates the annexation of Luxemburg to Germany in an elaborate article in the Preussische Jahrbucher . He says that when the German frontier extends to< Metz and Diedenhofen, which he takes it for granted . will be the result of the present war, the reasons fox the neutralisation of Luxemburg will no longer exist, as that duchy will no longer separate France from Prussia, but simply be an enclate in the territory of ' the latter State. Prussia will certainly not tolerate a - . state of. things which makes the communication be tween Metz and Treves pass through a neutral territory, especially as France will now be for many years a bitter enemy to her. Moreover, thinks Herr Treitschke, Luxemburg refortified and . in Prussian hands would be a valuable defence for Germany. The neutralisation of Luxemburg, he proceeds, was- " a crime against reason and history," for it sepa rated 200,000 Germans. from their country to place them under the protection of Europe. He sorrow fully admits, however, that, though the Luxem- burgers are Germans from an ethnological and his torical point of view, their institutions, laws, and culture are French. French is the language of' polite .society, and French manners and customs are regqgdftdAjyhe standard of good breeding. But the GennwCBSpsI cannot allow one of its offshoots to be- thus Mrapled." Luxemburg must he " admitted into the German State'," its official language made German instead of French, and its connection with Holland dissolved. This Herr Treitschke thinks could easily be done by buying off Holland, placing the duchy under one of tlie Dukes of Nassau, and declaring that the European guarantee has been put an end to by the events of tlie present war. " Eng land has; long looked upon this guarantee as an un pleasant burden," and the other neutral Powers will probably also be glad to get rid of their responsibility n the matter. — Pall Mall Gazette. Don't re Afraid of Pure Cold Am. — Don't bo afraid to go out of doors, says the Herald, of Health, because it is a little colder than usual. The cold aiv will not hurt you if you are properly protected, and take exercise enough to keep the circulation active. On the contrary, it will do you good ; it will purify your blood, it will strenglheil your lungs, it will improve digestion, it will afford a healthy, natural stimulus to your torpid circulation, and strengthen and energize your whole system. The injury which often results from going into a cold atmosphere is occasioned by a lack of protection to some part of the body, exposure to strong draughts, or from breathing through the mouth. Avoid these, and you are safe. ' Don't be afraid to Bleep in a cold room at night with the window a little open. Cold air, if pure, will not hurt you atnight any more than in the day, if you are protected by sufficient clothing and by breathing through the nostrils. If you do not breathe thus acquire the habit as soon as possible. If you wish to 1 be Bubject to colds, coughs, and fevers, shut yourself in close, hot rooms, day and night. If you wish to bo 1 free from their companionship, always have plenty of , Sure air to breathe, night and day, take duly out- \ oor exercise, regardless of the weather, except as to clothing protection, 