BISHOP PATTESON.--PUBLIC MEETING;. LAST evening, a large and influential meeting was held in St. James's Schoolroom, Castlereagh street, in respect for the memory of the late Bishop Patteson. His Excellency the Earl of Belmore presided. The schoolroom was densely crowded, and many stood without unable to obtain admis- sion. The meeting comprised members of various sections of the community, and included a large proportion of ladies. Amongst those present on the platform and in the body of the room were--The Countess of Belmore, the Dean of Sydney, Sir Alfred Stephen, Rev. Dr. Lang, Rev. T. John- son, Rev. Dr. Steel, Rev. Canon Allwood, Rev. Canon Vidal, Rev. H. H. Gaud, Rev. L. Fison (missionary), Rev. Dr. Barry, Rev. H. S. King, Rev E. M. Saliniere, Rev. T. Wilson, Mr. A. Gordon, Captain Beresford, Mr. Sur- geon Bedford, Mr. F. Senior, Rev. Mr. Clay, Rev. S. Wil- kinson, Mr G. F. Wise, Mr. G. C. Davis, Mr. Hemming, Rev. W. Beg, and Mr. M. Metcalfe. The DEAN of SYDNEY opened the proceedings with prayer. The Martyr's hymn, beginning "The Son of God goes forth to war, was then sung. His EXCELLENCY then rose and addressed the meeting. He said that it had not been called with a political object. Had there been any such object, of course it would not have become a person in his position to take the chair. This meeting was called, to use the words of the Secretary, the Rev. Mr. Vidal, in inviting him to attend, to afford an opportunity of expressing sorrow at the lamented death of the late Bishop Palteson, and sympathy with his friends, and at the same time to promoto an increased interest in the Melanesian mission, and it may be to raise some monument to the late esteemed Bishop. No doubt most of those present were familiar with the life and character of Bishop Patteson. Many of them had pos- sibly had the advantage--which he regretted he had not-- of having his personal acquaintance. He had, however, had an opportunity of visiting his mission station at Norfolk Island, though he had missed the Bishop, who had left a few days before. It was only necessary for him to run through a few of the principal events of his eventful life. As they were, at the age of twenty-nine ho was induced to offer his services to the Bishop of Lichfield, at that time Bishop of New Zealand, when he was at home, in the year 1855, and accompanied him to this part of the world--which was to him as the ends of the earth \--for the purpose of joining in his noble work. After he had been engaged in the capacity of chaplain to the Bishop for five years, he was appointed to one of the chief offices in the Church, becoming Bishop of what has since been known as the Melanesian mission The head- quarters of this mission were at first planted at St. John's College, at Auckland. It was found, howover, that the boys and girls who were brought from the islands suffered by their removal, and it was then decided to remove the establish- ment to some more genial climate, and Norfolk Island was chosen some years ago. Funds were raised by the friends of the Melanesian mission for the purchase of 900 acres and under the auspices of the late lamented Bishop, buildings were erected that were a credit. Bishop Patteson and his clergy were in the habit every year of making visits throughout the Islands of the Pacific, some of the clergyman remaining on them for months together to carry on their work. The mission schooner was used in bringing the native boys and girls from the various islands to the establishment at Norfolk Island, for the purpose of their education, when they were taken to their homes again to spread the influence of civilisation and Christianity. The facts of the massacre were then related by his Excellency. One thing which he had not seen mentioned, was that a palm branch, with five knots upon it had been found upon tho breast of the Bishop, as his body lay dead in the boat. This, as he had been informed, was a signification that his life had been taken in revenge for the murder ot five natives. While the mortal career of the lamented Bishop, of the Rev. Mr. Atken, and a catechist had so tragically closed, he doubted not that the spirits of those valiant soldiers of the Cross had gone to be with the most glorious company who dwelt in the Land of Paradise; even tho souls of those who had witnessed for Jesus and the Word of God. (Applause ) He would briefly touch upon one matter which was sup- posed to be a probable cause of this fearful crime. No doubt others who followed him would go more fully into this matter. But he thought it right to mention that the labour trade of the Polynesian Islands had atttracted the serious attention of her Majesty's Government and he be- lieved that at the commencement of the next session they would be in a position to legislate on it. The heads of the bill which it was proposed by the Imperial Government to submit to the Parliament had been submitted to the Governors of the various Australian colonies, with the view of obtaining from their responsible advisers information and assistance. He was glad to say that the Government of this colony would give all the assistance that they would be justified in rendering. (Cheers.) It had been found a great difficulty to apply tho existing slave laws to the labour trade of the Polynesian islands. Some were of opinion that the laws of the slave trade could not be made to apply, and others were of a different opinion. Be that as it might, however, the Government at home intended to take fresh ground. They will deal with this question as one of kidnapping--which was only another word for man-stealing. (Cheers.) It was proposed that any British subjects who should commit any ot the following offences shall be guilty of felony, and shall be liable to be tried in the Supreme Courts of any of the Australian colonies, which would get rid of the difficulty of pro- secuting in the Admiralty Courts. The crimes that will be so punishable are these:--(1.) Decoying, by force or fraud, any native on board ships for the purpose of conveying him elsewhere. (2.) Ships, embarks, receives, detains, or confines, for the aforesaid purpose, any native without his consent, the proof of which consent shall be on the party accused. (3.) Contracts for doing any of the above acts without consent of the native, proof of consent to be as before. (4.) Fits out, mans, navigates, equips, uses, employs, lets, or takes on freight or hire, or commands or serves, or is on board with intent to commit, or being on board, should commit any of the offences enumerated. (5.) Ships, lades, receives, or puts on board any vessel, or contracts for so doing, money, goods or other articles, to the intent that they shall be em- ployed, or knowing that they will be employed in the commision of any of the offences above enumerated. He hoped that the proposed law would be sufficiently sweeping not only to catch those who actually committed these crimes, but all those who asssited them by fitting-out vessels. (Cheers.) There was one other matter he would touch upon. There were those who would forbid the emigration of the Polynesians altogether. That would be a matter extremely difficult, and he did not see how it could be carried out. He would only quote two opinions. One was that of the late Bishop Patteson himself, given by him in a letter written to Sir George Bowen on the 4th of July last year, and part of which has been laid before the House of Commons. After dealing with the relations of the colonial Governments, he says:-- "With regard to the Fiji Islands the difficulty is much greater. Many of the settlers, and many of the sailing masters engaged in the traffic, are not, or may not be, British subjects." And then, further on, after sketching forth a scheme which he thinks will be effectual, He goes on--"I do not advocate the suppression, but the regulation of the traffic. Deception, inhumanity, unjust detention of natives, and violation of agreements, are not necessary for procuring and maintaining a supply of labourers for the plantations." He would now quote the opinion of Mr. Marsh, the Consul of Fiji, given to Lord Clarendon. It was as follows:--"If interdicted the trade would probably be transferred to vessels carrying foreign flags, and result in abuses apparently greater than exist at present." It would thus be seen that there was a danger of whatever evil existed being increased. The trade would be driven by those who would abolish it altogether into foreign ships, carrying flags with which the British war vessels could not interfere. He had now said as much as he thought necessary in an opening speech. Tho Rev. Canon VIDAL mentioned that he had received a letter from the Rev. Canon Selwyn, of Newcastle, men- tioning that universal sympathy was felt there for the late respected Bishop. He also mentioned that a letter of apology had been received from tho Rev. Mr. Kemmis. He also read a letter from an eyewitness of the massacre, the facts of which have already appeared in this journal. Sir ALFRED STEPHEN, C.J., said that, for many reasons, he should have been glad to have been spared attendance at that meeting. He rejoiced to see so large an assemblage. It shewed a fact, of which no one was likely to entertain any doubt, that the heart of the entire community was moved, and the only subject for regret was that they had not a much larger room in which to have assembled. (Cheers.) All Sydney, so to speak, would have been here. He did not desire to trespass long upon them, as there were so many other speakers to follow, several resolutions to be moved, and he did not think it desirable that the meeting should be pro- longed. He was nevertheless, desirous of making a few remarks, and they might be expected of him. Unlike his Lordship the Governor who had so well spoken to them, he had the great privilege of personal acquaintance with the late Bishop Patteson. His family had been intimate with him. He had often sat at his (the speaker's) table, and had passed many pleasant evenings at his house. He was a man singularly gifted as all who knew him were aware. He was a man fond of music, and high art in all its branches. He was peculiarly fitted to adorn society. Though many might express more freely their sentiments of respect, none could feel more deeply than he did the loss of the good Bishop. He was indeed a great and good man, a very lovable as well a loving man. He compared him not with others. There were others as noble, who had preceded him in the same noble cause--the missionary Williams, for instance. He was, however, distinguished for his great zeal in his work. He was no adventurer. He left behind him friends and relatives, and his prospects were such as might have tempted him to remain where he was. He abandoned all these comforts and prospects, and bringing with him his fortune, he devoted this, equally with himself, to the cause in which he died. (Applause.) He believed he had spent the greater part of the fortune he had in his work. The loss which civilization and the cause of religion sustained through the death of Bishop Patteson was greater than at first might might appear. The knowledge which he possessed of the native languages and of the various dialects was very great, and would die with him. He feared that none would rise for many years, if ever, to tread with the same success the path in which he had trod. The course pur- sued by him of training children and dispersing them among their island homes had been fruitful of good results, as they would know from the reports read, and which they would learn from a letter which he would read presently. He would now move the following resolution which had been placed in his hands,--"That this meeting expresses its profound regret at the death by violence of the late Bishop Patteson, and desires to record its sense of his high personal quahties, as well as of his labours as a missionary." Their presence to- night showed there could be no doubt of the deep feeling of regret for the lamented Bishop. It was a great and noble cause in which he had been engaged. He went as a conqueror, not for Mexico or Peru, or the islands of the seas, not for England, or any European state. He went out as a conqueror for Christianity. He died in the cause; and his death and his life showed his nobility. (Applause.) His loss would be severely felt by those among whom he had laboured. His Excellency Lord Belmore, had said that a strong im- pression prevailed that the cause of this lamentable death was attributable to violence perpetrated on the islanders by white men. He thought it not improbable, but, and he spoke not as a lawyer, but as a member of the com- nunity, he would say that they did not know the cause. They could not positively ascertain it. They might be wrong in attributing it to one or another cause which they believed. And it would be wiser and better to abstain therefore from any such imputation. The acts of violence said to be committed in the islands by persons engaged in the labour trade should be repressed. If they were committed, it was due to themselves, in our own character, and as a nation, that they should take care that these things should no longer be. (Cheers.) He would put a check upon the labour traffic in two other ways. He would have the vessels licensed and placed under the strictest regulations, and he would allow British men-of-war to search vessels and see that all the stipula- tions were complied wilh, and if not, upon proof, he would permit of seizure and punishment. (Applause.) He would, in conclusion read the lettor written by a friend, which he had received from New Zea- land, where the Bishop was engaged for many years:-- Extracts from a letter received in Sydney from a corre- espondent in Auckland:--" My heart aches for you when the sad news of our great loss reaches you. What a loss to the mission, the Church, and to all who loved our dear martyred saint. The news comes very heavily on us, for Bishop Patteson had written to tell us he was probably coming to us in the Southern Cross, on his way to the Fijis. She came in last Tuesday morning, and we were preparing his room and full of joy and expectation, when Bishop Cowie brought us the tidings. It was, indeed, a day of woe--the cathedral bell tolling all day--friends who loved him coming in to weep with us. The next morning was All Saints' Day, and it was an inexpressible comfort to go up to the private chapel and to receive the feast where Bishop Patteson had so often ministered, and to return thanks, though with blinding tears, for our martyrs. We got a most delightful happy letter from him, dated July 20th, from Mota. He was permitted there to see the first fruits of his work , a great outpouring of the Spirit upon the people. Many adults, and 100 children baptized. Congregations of 400 and 500 assembling to hear him. Then he went northwards to gather his scholars and to pick up Mr. Brook who had been eleven weeks alone with two or three Christian scholars at Florida, and Mr. Atkin who had been for the same time with his faithful Stephen at Bouro. * * * The Bishop would not go direct to Santa Cruz, but beat up against the wind to Reef Islands, where the mission party have landed ever since 1858. The people of Nutrapa are Polynesians, and the Bishop could communicate with them. * * * Is it not touching to hear how the poor heathen after their act of blood would not keep the body. They removed the blood-stained garments, and put on new tapa cloth tied at the neck and feet, and laid a palm branch (all unconscious of the significance) over his wounded breast, and sent the canoe floating out to meet the sorrow- ing wounded disciple, dear Joseph Atkin. The eyes were closed as in prayer, and there was great calm on the face, and a sweet sad smile. * * * Some grieve that the dear body of our friend was committed to the deep, but says he lies among his islands; having taken possession of them in his Master's name. We think now more than ever that God will turn the hearts of the poor people at Santa Cruz and make them Christians indeed. Pray for the little desolate band at Norfolk Island. They write calmly, but very bravely, and say, to use their own words, 'Our best comfort now will be in striving to follow the steps of those who are thus suddenly taken from us, in cheerfully and stedfastly doing our duty in this great work that we are permitted to join in.' We are bowed down with sorrow. You can imagine how we shall miss our dear sainted Bishop. You know how sweet and kind and good he was. He was a father to us, and we and the Melanesians here now feel like orphans. * * * " His Honor sat down amid cheers. The Rev. Dr. STEEL said that it was befitting that his Honor tho Chief Justice, who had himself given a son to the work of the altar, should lead the expression of our grief on the occasion of the sudden and tragic end of the son of an English Judge, who had devoted hlmself so nobly, so consistently, for the benefit of his fellow-man. He esteemed it an honour to be a pallbearer on an occasion so great and solemn as this. He felt the loss as deeply as if it had been one of his own kin or as a father in his own Church. And he could assure them that the shock which went through the little company in the Southern Cross-- the little company in Norfolk Island; which had thrilled through every Church in New Zealand, and which was thrilling through all Australia, would just as truly thrill throughout the whole Catholic Church of God throughout the world as the sad and melancholy tidings go. (Cheers.) It was indeed a tragic end of one who so short a time before was full of love, of hope, of zeal, and energy, and cautious withal in entering upon his dangerous work. Falling so suddenly under the heavy clubs, under the piercing knife and the barbed and poisoned arrows, he had no friend to soothe him in that last hour. There was none to take the last message from his dying lips, none to close his eyes, as he alone in that isle of the Southern Sea fell down dead. He could, nevertheless, in this trying hour no doubt turn up his eyes to heaven, like the proto-martyr, and say, "Lay not this sin to their charge," and "Lord Jesus, receive my spirit." He had anticipated an end something like this, as was evident from the last letter that had been reprinted here. He felt that he was surrounded by many dangers wherever he went, owing to the spirit of retaliation that had been aroused in the islands. There were three kinds of martyrs, as they were told. Those who suffered both in will and deed; those who suffered in will, but not in deed; and those who suffered in deed, but not in will; and the ancient Church fixed the martyrdom of St. Stephen as an instance of the first kind, of St. John of the second, and of the Holy Innocents the third. In the case before them, they had one who suffered both in will and deed. Bishop Patteson had schooled himself into the spirit of the Master before he took that last voyage. He under- stood it all, and he was prepared for the worst, and he was taken like the Master from disciples who loved him well. By public knowledge he knew that the Bishop was gifted with peculiar endowments for the work to which he was devoted. He was a true Bayard of a missionary like that chevalier--sans peur et sans reproche. Devoting himself and his fortune to the most degraded of human beings, he went among the various races with all their differences, troubles, and jealousies, seeing in every swarthy face a man and a brother capable of enjoying the grace of God as he himself enjoyed it. He was truly a noble successor to the Apostles. (Cheers.) He lived not for himself, but for those poor islanders. He was a true friend to the Polynesians, and when he died he died for them. The blood of Bishop Patteson spilt in the Pacific would, like the ashes of Wickliffe thrown into the Avon, become an emblem of what will be effected by missionary enterprise. He did not despair of another man being got to supply his place. There had never been a man wanted. As there had been those ready to fill up the ranks of the British army in the Crimea, and to supply the missionary stations in the deadly climate of Sierra Leone, so there would be those who would come for- ward to take the place of Bishop Patteson and his com- panions. The resolution spoke of the labours of the mis- sionary. In the Southern Seas missions had been estab- lished about seventy-five years, and Christian Churches were now planted in 350 islands, and 450,000 souls had passed into thom. Yet the cost of them had only been £1,200,000, as much as the cost of one mile of the Thames embankment. The work, however, was still going on. The blood of the martyrs had ever been the seed of the churches, and men would rise to follow these good men, until in every island of the vast Polynesia the Messiah should be acknowledged. There were other im- portant influences resulting from the labour of the mission- ary. There was a time when the whaler and merchant vessel dreaded these islands. Now there are places where they can refit, and where the sailor on a Sunday morning could hear what reminded him of his own country church. A captain had written from New Zealand describing their present condition. In the picture drawn by him he repre- sented that a great change had taken place in the islands, and had stated that in consequence of the labour traffic many of them had now become almost depopulated. Bishop Patteson had died a sacrifice to the cause of humanity. He had yielded up his spint while engaged in spreading among the heathen of the islands the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. He believed that his death in the providence of God would raise a thrill in the British people that would cause them to rise with one heart and voice, and say that these things shall not be so any more. (Applause.) He trusted that there would be raised throughout the British dominions the cry that had resounded among tho ancient Romans, "Carthage must be destroyed." (Applause. ) Nothing less must be done. The blood of a brother called out that something should be done. They did not, however, seek to bring about a punishment of summary justice. But they expected that the lamented death of Bishop Patteson would lead to a cessation of all the inhumanities of the labour traffic and increased progress of Christian missions in the South Seas. If this traffic in South Sea labour were carried on, let it be carried on legitimately and honourably, and in such a way that the ships engaged therein might assist instead of retarding missionary enterprise. (Applause. ) The resolution was put to the meeting, and carried unanimously. The Rev. JOHN GRAHAM, who was next called upon, said that he had been asked to move the second resolu- tion as follows,--"That the bereaved mission party at Norfolk Island have our sympathy in the great loss they have sustained, and our prayers that they may be supported under the trial." The mover said that enough had already been said to move and carry half a dozen resolutions of this tenor through this meeting, and he believed he might say with truth, through the whole of the community. The resolution stated that "the bereaved party at Norfolk Island had their sympathy."' He was glad that the constructor of this resolution had spoken of "our" sympathy. This little word had been used before this evening. The Dean of Sydney had used it in the Lord's Prayer addressed to "Our" Father, who art in Heaven. And he (the speaker) could not give to that word, in the present resolution, a less limited significance than when used in the prayer, "Our Father." It applied in the resolution as well as in the prayer not only to Episcopalians, but to Presbyterians; and not only to them also, but to people of all denominations, whose father God was. Many denominations, and indeed he hoped all denomi- nations in this city, were represented here to-night. This was a meeting which deserved the sympathy of those who loved the Lord Jesus Christ and revered His cause. They all prayed for help for the flock of that beloved missionary in Norfolk Island. (Applause.) He felt with the committee of the Melanesian mis- sion in this city, but he hardly knew in what terms he could fitly express his feeling. He felt that they had done him a great favour in asking him to be present. He had had three other meetings wihich he was to have attended that evening, but he would have left four to come here and sympathise with his Epis- copalian brethren, and the whole Christian community, in the death of this noble man of God. (Applause.) He thought that concerning him, the following might be expressed, if not engraven on his tomb, "When he, by the will of God, had served his own generation, he fell asleep, and was gathered to his fathers." And as had been said of another great missionary--a good man, and who was full of the Holy Ghost, and of faith and hope--might also be well applied to Bishop Patteson, "he was added to the Lord." They sought to express their sympathy with their bereaved brethren of Norfolk Island. They were indeed bereaved. They had lost from among them a great, a good, a holy, and an accomplished man. He had chosen to bury himself in obscurity as a Bishop in the islands of the South Pacific, when he was eminently qualified to shine in the highest circles in the old country, or their other country, as they loved to call it. (Applause.) He came to the Southern Seas to throw himself into the hard work of the missionary to seek to save the lost, to re- member the forgotten, and to bring the glad tidings of salvation to those by whom they were as yet unknown. He could again assure them that he sympathised with them in the death of this truly great and noble man. It was understood that there was to be nothing political in this meeting. They had ascertained this from the remarks of their chief magistrate, as well as from the wisdom of the Chief Justice. But still they might term their sympathy with the natives of Norfolk Island as practical and protestive. There was, he thought, sufficient evidence to show that he had fallen a victim to the iniquities of the South Sea Island traffic. (Applause.) It was the best plan to speak out. He trusted that this matter would find an echo in the British Legislature, and not only there but throughout the whole civilized world. It was evident that the Bishop had been murdered in con- sequence of the conduct of men, sailing under the British flag, in these islands, and as a result of the treatment of the islanders by these men. (Applause.) He regretted that the Bishop of Sydney was not here. (Hear, hear.) He remembered standing by the side of that Bishop on another platform two years ago. On that occasion--at a meeting held for that purpose--a general protest was entered against the Polynesian labour traffic. Whence had this change of feeling come? Was not this Polynesian traffic still being carried on? And were not the same influences that then produced irritation still at work, almost un- checked! (Applause.) [The rev. speaker then read ex- tracts from a letter which he said had been received by the Rev. Canon Vidal, which went to prove that latterly in the Islands of the South Pacific it had been noticed that there had been a marked distrust of all vessels that approached them; and showed that the natives through fear were induced to retreat into the bush, as they saw white men come near.] In continuing his remarks, the Rev. Mr. Graham attributed the death of Bishop Patteson to the suspicion of, and aversion to white men, consequent upon the continued and repeatod incursions of whites, and the carrying away of men, women, and children. If carried on at all, let the traffic in island labour be carried out legitimately. Let a limited number of licensed vessels only be employed, and let these be pro- vided with certificated masters; let also a man-of-war be empowered to search such vessels if found necessary. But let this matter be submitted to the Imperial Parliament-- not to that of Queensland, but to that of Great Britain. If these regulations were properly enforced, though there might possibly be a temporary loss, the result would be increased prosperity among the sugar growers and cotton planters of Fiji and Queens- land. But if the contrary course were, then he believed that the consequence would be an exemplifica- tion of the saying referred to by Dr. Steel,--"Delenda est Carthage." If an equitable agreement were made between the Islands and these colonies, it would be found to be for the good of the agents, the good of the savages, the good of the British flag, the benefit of the colonies generally, and the progress of Polynesia. (Applause.) The Rev. L. FISON seconded the resolution. He said that as he was then suffering from a severe bronchial affec- tion, it was with some reluctance that he had consented to take part in this meeting. If but five minutes more were allowed to him to breathe the breath of life in his nostrils, he would expend it to the last gasp in the cause that had brought them together this evening. But it was a ques- tion that he believed after all required but few words in support of it. That mission party in Norfolk Island must have sympathy, and he believed they had a widely-extended sympathy. The loss of Bishop Patteson was a loss not only to the Melanesian Mission, but to all missions. The Wesleyan missionaries loved and honoured him. He had had a slight acquaintance with him, and it had been sufficient to lead him to love and honour him. The loss was not to the Episcopalian Church alone, but to all churches. It was also a loss to religion, and an irreparable one to society in general. The blow that had deprived Bishop Patteson of life had not alone struck the hearts of the people of Norfolk Island. It had affected the hearts of people of all denominations, and the news would spread from land to land, where it would leave a cloud of sadness wherever its shadow fell. It would by telegraph ... be flashed along through Christendom, and where- ever the news was received, from thence would rise to ... ven a deep groan of grief. The blow which deprived Bishop Patteson of life, opened to his view--far away from the trees and the rocks that were on the shores of Napuka, and from the savages that surrounded him--a vision of angels in the realms above, where he had gone to obtain a martyr's crown Their hands were stained with blood. Their consciences, must he thought, indirectly accuse them of having caused the death of this devoted missionary. Bishop Patteson had gained a victory. His warfare had been accomplished. He would now give them what he, from his knowledge of the Fijians, had con- cluded to be the cause of the death of the Bishop. It must be heard by them with tears of shame and with other humiliation. Crimes had been committed such as doubt- less led to this fearful tragedy. His grounds had justified him in coming to a moral certainty on this point. The savages of Fiji were proverbially treacherous, but yet they would not kill for the sake of killing; and when a white man was killed there must be a motive sufficiently powerful for the act. There were superstitious observances among the Fijians that would lead them to kill any white man living among them. A belief that the gods were angry on their account would lead them to kill whites. They would also kill a white man if good, for no other reason but that they believed that on his death they would become possessed of his virtues. They also sought to wreak out their vengeance on those who might be of the same tribe or race, as an individual who might have done them an injury--in many instances where their vengeance was unable to reach the actual perpetrators of that injury. He considered that the loss of Bishop Patteson--a loss that might be called a "national" one--had been the result of injuries inflicted by white men on the tribe of which his murderers were members. He thought he could give a clue to the knots on the leaf of the palm tree alluded to by his Excellency. There was a word in the Fijian, "bakau anumi," that referred to a parcel which might frequently be found tied up in Fijian houses. On this parcel were tied strings, which were understood to represent the date on which an injury was inflicted upon them by an enemy, and the time on which revenge was taken for that injury. This practice was common through out the islands. The knotted leaves on the breast of the missionary martyr he believed to have a similar signifi- cance--that revenge had been taken for an injury. Though the body bore its death wounds, it was otherwise unmutilated. This was a strange act. It showed that no personal hostility had actuated the death stroke. They, no doubt, believed that they had fully satisfied their feelings of revenge by killing a noble chief for the crimes of his race. When the Peruvian slaves visited the Islands a few years ago, what a fine burst of indignation there was! (Applause.) And now, that the same system of kidnapping was being carried on, how came it that we did not look upon the traffic in the same light? Finally, let them resort to deeds and not to words. Let them succour the poor islanders who had lost their pastor and let them en- deavour to bring about a union of interests with the islands, so that they may rejoice hereafter in a reign of prosperity and peace. The resolution was put to the meeting and duly carried. The DEAN OF SYDNEY alluded to a letter which he had received from Newcastle expressive of sympathy from that diocese with them for the lamented death of Bishop Patte- son, and assuring him of co-operation in any movement that might be commenced in connection therewith. He had been deputed to move the following resolution,--"That the circumstances of the mission, and especially the late mournful event, appeal with unusual force at the present moment to the immediate supporters of the mission, to rekindle their interest, and renew their efforts in its behalf." To show them the condition of Norfolk Island he would read them an extract of a letter to the Rev. Canon Vidal from Bishop Patteson, dated Southern Cross, near St. Christoval, August 22, 1871. It was as follows:-- "Our school at Norfolk Island will be larger than ever. About eighty-five Melanesians stayed there during the winter. I sent about fifty men with the Rev. C. Bice, from the New Hebrides Islands chiefly, a month ago, to add to the number, and I suppose we shall take thirty or more Solomon Islanders. Then we always hope to maka a be- ginning in the Santa Cruz group, and some few more may be taken from other islands. I dare say we shall not be very far short of 200 persons living at St. Barnabas this season. You will be thankful to hear that the time has arrived, by God's great goodness, for Mota to receive the Gospel. Much has, no doubt been done by George Sarania's steady, consistent behaviour, by the regular school that for two years he has kept up, and by the ex- ample of our scholars as they returned to take up their quarters for good on their native island. But so it is that God's Spirit is now working in the minds and hearts of the people there, so as to be to themselves and to us a cause of thankfulness and astonishment. We have sought to be very cautious, and have not baptized even the children, except when they were evidently sickly or even dying. But now, the parents all promise that their children shall go to school, and be brought up as Christians, and many of the people are seeking to be baptized, saying that they do see and feel the truth and blessing of this new teaching, and have really abandoned their old habits, and feel new thoughts, and hopes, and desires, &c.; Our catechumen classes have been large, and I think I may safely say that they have learned the great truths of Christianity, and have an intelligent apprehension of a Christian's faith and duty. In every case I need not say we sought to ascertain fully that there was real conviction, earnestness, faith in the truths and promises of the Gospel, and full purpose of amendment of life. There has been no excite- ment no outpouring of strong feelings, but a quiet, gradual movement, extending itself from one party to another. Men went away from evening school to sit all night in their houses talking, thinking; their own ac- counts of their timid attempts to begin to pray, of what they said and did, are striking for their simplicity and sincerity. So from one to another the desire communicated itself as God's spirit wrought in the heart of each to make full profession of their faith. * * * * Well, so it went on during seven weeks, broken by a cruise of three weeks among the new Hebrides Islands, into two portions of three and four weeks. We have baptised 293 persons. * * * You will, I know, pray for this infant church, and for George Sarania. It is sad that just as this blessed influence is beginning to manifest itself there should be so few persons in the neighbouring islands to be benefited by it. They are almost depopulated. The great majority have gone away by their own act, though knowing nothing of the place whither they are taken, or the work they will have to do. Some, and not a few, have been kidnapped. I dread the return of them. Those who have been sent back are doing a great deal of harm. They are just as ignorant as before of all that is good for them to know; they have gained some knowledge of things they had better be ignorant of; and they can now gratify their passions and animosities with- out fear or restraint for their wretched old muskets keep the husbands and brothers of the women they seize, or the proprietors of the yam-grounds they plunder, from making any attempt at resistance. I really have great anxiety as to the results of the return of any of these 'labourers.' But we must go on quietly with working as we may have strength for our work. And there is abundant cause for thankfulness in that one little Isle of Mota." Mr. G. C. DAVIS seconded the resolution, and in so doing in the course of an eloquent address, bore testimony to the Christian usefulness of Bishop Patteson, and referred to his many varied attainments, which so well fitted him for mix- ing in the highest society, and for filling some of the most important offices in Great Britain. In spite of the many openings for a man of his ability, he devoted himself--not from ascetism or from a desire of seclusion-- to mission work among the heathen races of the South Seas. The speaker announced that he believed in the causes mentioned by Mr. Fison for the massacre of the missionary Bishop, and concluded by alluding to a state- ment of Lord Brougham--"that he would put an end to slavery by making it felony,"--a plan which might (Mr. Davis considered) be rendered applicable to these colonies. His Excellency put to the meeting the third resolution, which was carried nem. con. Tho Rev. Canon VIDAL moved the fourth resolution, which was to the following effect--"That the Chapter of St. Andrew s Cathedral be requested to allow some suitable memorial in memory of the late Bishop to be placed in the Cathedral."' The rev. mover dwelt lengthily on the mis- sionary labours of the Bishop of Melanesia. He trusted that in spite of this grievous check on mission work in the Pacific, other missionaries would carry on the Gospel crusade, until all the nations "shall have become the king- doms of the Lord and of his Christ." He doubted not but that they would soon be enabled by ample subscriptions to erect in St. Andrew's Cathedral a suitable tribute to the memory of Bishop Patteson. A gentleman in the interior had already intimated to him that he was on tho point of sending to England for a memorial window to the deceased Bishop. Mr. ALEXANDER GORDON seconded the resolution, which was put to the meeting and duly carried. Mr. METCALFE moved the fifth resolution,--"That the thanks of this meeting be given to his Excellency the Governor in presiding on this occasion." The Earl of BELMORE thanked them for their vote. There was one matter which he neglected to allude to earlier in the evening. He had received a letter from one whom he understood to be a great friend of the Bishop--probably the same gentleman from whom the letter referred to by the Chief Justice had emanated, in which a desire was ex- pressed that vengeance should be taken for the murder of Bishop Patteson, and that the perpetrators should be sought out and punished. Another letter had been received from the Rev. Mr. Codrington, stating that nothing had as yet been found out, and that, consequently, no one had been punished. If anything bearing on the Bishop's death were discovered, it would no doubt be placed in the hands of the Executive for them to take steps. As to the punish- ing of the natives of the Island of Nukapa, he might tell them that Commodore Stirling would be the last to sanction an act of indiscriminate vengeance. It had occurred more than once that the innocent had suffered for the guilty. The Benediction, and the Dead March in Saul, played by Mr Farley, organist of St James's Church, brought the proceedings to a close. 