?AOETI.E. When is a literary work like smoke ?-When it comes in volumes. How often do we find that a man's better-half gives him no quarter ? Some men's minds are so badly tumbled that they can't be made up. WhVy is a fast horse not a fine horse ?--Because he's a coarser (courser). Why is the gamut like a gambling-saloon ?-Be cause it's full of sharps andfliats. The, wave of a lnace.edged cambric handkerchief is a wave on which many a poor fellow has been carried away A thrifty wife Wonders why the men can't manage to do something useful. Might they not just as well amuse themselves in smoking ham as smoking cigars P A story is told of a young man who was crossed in love, and attempted suicide recently by taking a dose of yeast povwder. lie immediately rose above his troubles. An Irishman, passing through afield of cattle, said to a friend, "WWhenever you see a herd of cows all lyine down, and one of them only standing up, that is sure to be the bull." " Al, is it possible that you are still alive ?" said a fellow on meeting unexpectedly one whom he hade grossly injured. "Yes, and kicking,"' replied stle other, suiting the action to a word. A.young lady. being engaged to be married, and' getting sick of the bargain, applied to u Iriend to ielp her to'untle the knot -beforo-ie wa.stoo late. " Oil, certainly," le replied; "it's very easy to untie it now, while it's a beau." John Phillip Kemble,whileperformingone evening. was interrupted by a baby crying, ald in nerv'ous excitement came forward to the footlights, and said, "Ladles and gentlemen, if the tragedy does not sttep, the baby can't go on.''" FAlss lAeeseise.-"I shall cane you soundly," said the domineia.-" What for ?" inquired the de linquent.-" For being rude."-" You ought not to cane me soundly for that."--Why because it is con trary to the table of weights and measures."--How so ?"-"' You weould be cmakingoneo rooed iul oher." " You can sit down," said the doenlelie. SroIITINO EXTeAonliNAILY.-'IThey have It patri arch inl Anmerica, who says that he once raised a flock of wild ducks from a pond, when lie took alru at them with his gun, and fired. They flew away with Imucle clamour, anld surprised to find that none ofl tilesn dropped, lhe exaemined the field of battle, lie peicked up four bushels of legs. There is i touch of pathos it the old man's voice, as he added. ",1 fired too low"' TilE GIEIATeT ASs.-Two young princes, the sons of Archduke Charles of Austria, had ia warmn debate in the presence of no less a person than that of the august Emperor himself. Greatly excited,one said to tile other, " You are the greatest ss in VYenice ?" -Highly offended at a quarrel in his presence, the emperor interrupted them, saying, "' Coe, comee, young gentlemen, you forget that I un lpresent:'." - Nor so MAD.-A Dutcluane having caught his son inl wrongdoing, determined to administer a dose of hickory. So he trimmed a switch, ,nd went after the youngster who incontinently took to his heels. After chasing the boy around for a while, the old man thought to persuade him to stop and take the licking. So he ha:ted, and hliled the wary tugutive. " Shon," said Ihe, Shon. shtop I l'nl not so miad as rvat I vash 1' The Dutch steam frigate Curacon left Hobson's Bay on Weduesday morning at 9 Ib'clocklfor Sydne?;'priri:tor maklinga.Scircuiil of the ports aned coasts north-east, north, and north-west of Australia Something almost like a ghost story, but which, nevertheless, seems to be told by a cautious intelligent observer, has booeen excit ing some attention at Strathalbyn, and is thus related to the Soutlhern Argusa by Mr. W. T. Tregalgas:-" \VWhilst taking a walk very early one morning, thiough some motive which I cannot account for, I was induced to walk through the burying- ground, and coining to a grave surrodulded by a wall, and covered with a slab of slate, I noticed on the slate something strange, It was scarcely light enough to see distinctly at first, but after waiting some feow minutes I could see it plainly, and it appeared to be a side view of a female. I could distinctly trace the head and body and the skirts, apparently full size. Not being satis fled with the sight, I rubbed my lhand on the form, and found that portion of the slate perfectly dry, whilst the parts outside the tora were very wet with tihe dot' which had fallen ; and still not boeig satis fled, I walked away and came back in about 15 or 20 minutes after, and still the form was there; so I de termined upon visiting it again next morneing, w hic I did, and continuetd doing so" for a .week or more. During this timel only siaw tlhe firm once after the first morning ; but not being a believer in superna tural appearances I tried to define the cause, but' failed. In the course of conversation I told Mr ,MIorton what I aend seen, anvd he visited the place I and saw the form, nl!hough not'so plain is it was when I saw it, The form was to be seen, and it has been seen since by.-othbers. Now. I.believe there is some natural cause whlilh produces this strange ap pearance, and porhaps some person upon readingl this will be able to satisfy the.minds of those who lhave seen it, for although many things have been ad s vanced by people as the probuble cause, none seem satisfactory to my mind and those who hkve been r eye-witnesses of the sight.:' Of a similar clharacter is the following extraordinary story, whichl is given in the Court Journal of the fth of May :-All have read with horror of the barbarous murder committed on a young and extremoly well-favoured girl-a child onel might say--nigh on 17 years old, ao Etham, in Kent. The painful subject is referred to in conse quence of a.very extraordinary circumstance con nected with tile girl's death. The girl expired at Guy's Hospital at 9o'clock on 8unili~ynulght. A doctor, a nurse, and a detective policeman wcro in tie room at the timo,'sand theyall concur in stating that at the very momoent 'of hler decease the face of a man appeared nt. thlo window losi'to the bed on whicel the murdered girl lay.. This mysterious ap parition disappeared as sooni as tile policoman op 3 proalchd the window, rwhich, by the way, is about soft, from the ground. Of course thieroe~was no one there, There were no means by which the swindoev Scould be reached from the streets save by a ladders and the latter there was none." . 