Pegasus in Victoria. BALLARAT SPRING RACES. TnitODOil a Beries of years past, while the gold-fielc and town of Ballarat have been rising in importance t( a pitch unequalled by any other gold- producing centn in Australia, the races established there havo a toad il j grown with the growth of tho place, until they hav< scoured a position second only to those of thi metropolitan clubs of Victoria and New South Wales and so, having read much of tho groat succesB of thii popular raring fixture, and withal, having never seer tho town or district, I think I shall be pardoned by thc Town and Country readera for taking an extra week, and making a few notes of what it brought forth. Or my waykup, I saw nothing of the country througl whioh the railway paaaea, as I went by night ; leaving tho Melbourno terminus at seven o'olook; and, after s ten minutes stoppage for refreshments at Geelong, arriving at the end of tho ninety-aix and a half milea, si fow minutes before eleven. Being in oompany with s Bporting friend, well known throughout Viotoria, wher ever sportsmen most do congregate, with him I went tc Craig's Boyal Hotel, an extensive establishment much frequented by 1 the talentar d there we found very comfortable quarters ; but« as the town of Ballara! abounds in largo, well-kept, comfortable hotels, thert waa nothing like the difficulty experienced at Sand hurst in getting bedB. Thia was on Wednesday night the evo of tho races, and I found most of the book makers, and racing men had arrived, with the exceptioi of a few who had determined to take tho morning trair from Molbourno next day, and here, I may say, thal there are threo trains running daily the whole length ol this line for the convenienco of the district it passes through, oxcopt on Sunday, when no travelling ia done , by this medium. On week days, tho trains leave Melbourne at half-past six in the morning, ten minutos aftor noon, and seven in the eveninjr : and about the sama hours tho down trains leave Ballarat; BO that residents along tho line aro afforded plenty of con venienco for attoudiNg to their business transactions at either Cud ; having moro than eight hours betwoen their arrival nnd start back again. I heard the remaik passed on that Wednesday night, that the place was much duller than usual on previous similar occasions, but, never having had experience of it, I was unable to forma judgment on this point; though I could not but see that business was very slack, and very little betting going forward. This, of courso, arose from baokors of horses hoing uncertain what were likely startora ; Ballarat being, it appears, notorious for the difficulty of discovering what animals are 'spinning' or 'speeling,'or 'going,'or 'meant;' all, and each of whioh expressions, havo the self Bame meaning, namely, ' starting to win if they can.' AB I shall havo to naiko pointed allusion to thia distinguishing peculiarity at a future period, I will only say hero that Ballarat was on thia occasion not a whit lesa remark able for doubt and uncertainty than heretofore Lapdog who had been run up, in Melbourno, to the position of first favorite for tho Cup, stood firmly bia ground, at 3 to 1 ; Romola, The Foam, and Tho Aco being scratched ; and Barbollo was struck out of tho Tolegraph Stakes, Mr Lee preferring hor chanco in the long race, with eight Btone BÍX, to sending her half a milo, carrying nine five, against Lady Clifden at soven tou. Moat of what wagers were booked pertained to the jumping races whioh were very popular ; the Narcisse party popping it on the double to a consider ablo tune ; MOBCOW and Narcisse, and Moscow and Tho Monk being thoso principally chosen, while Royston had frionds for tho former of the two events, that over the small Btioks. The morning brought little change in favoritism ; but, before going to tho course, I took a quiet Btroll around, and was quite disgusted with my self for not coming a day or two before-hand, and looking well through tho town and suburbs. Ballarat is remarkable in many ways ; it stands in the centre of a rich agricultural district, and tho country round is beautiful. Tho town itself has boen laid out on an excellent plan, with unusually wido streets; and tho quantity of monoy that must havo been spent on buildings is something wonderful. The splendid Btores, banks, and public offices, quito put old Sydney to Bhamo, and it griovoa ono to think that any possibility oxiBts of a falling off iu the yield of gold earning a commercial collapse. I can safely say I never was in ii prettier town in my life. Tho Town Hall, now nearly completed, ia a very imposing building, with a belfry tower, something in tho style of tho Melbourne Post Office, and for whioh a peal of bells, as well as a clock have beon sent for from England. This alack is to be illuminated, and will be the largest in tho Australias ; the diameter of ita dial being nine feet ; and the build ing has been designed with a due regard to tho usos for whioh suoh places are usually intended. The beauty and general appearance of tho streets are much enhanced by plenty of green trees, and evergreen shrubs which have been planted in varioua places along their sides, and a very tasteful parterre has been laid out, along tho square in which is situated tho Town Hall. In this fenced-in parterre thore is a good collection of green bushes, and tho effect to ouo looking up and down from 'The Corner,' is something not to bo else where experienced, either in Victoria or New South Wales. My description is of necessity imperfect for my time was fully occupied with the raoeB on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday; and though. I staid over Sunday, hoping to BOO round tho outskirts of tho town, tho weather was so oppressively hot, as to mako stopping within doors almost compulsory, until quite sundown ; nnd I had to leave on Monday, without posting myself 1 up as well as I was anxious to do. The buildings aro of the most substantial description ; excellent bluo stone ! having been much in use ; and in many caaes the fronts aro of highly dressed blocks. Tho banking houses, especially, aro worthy of a metropolitan city, such aa Melbourne. lu the streets of Sydney thoy would ho thrown away ; and tho Post and Telegraph Office is a very fine ataok of buildings. The ' Criterion Corner,' contains the ' Farmer and Painter's' or ' Buckley and Nunn's' of Ballarat, and a splendid establishment it is, comprising under one roof, and in the hands of one firm, many departments of trade. Here it was that a colossal fortune was made by Mr David Jones, who is well known to Australian sportsmen as a very specu- lative turfite, the owner of Lady Clifden, and a staunch backer of Hamlet, when the Danish Prince ran for his Sydney engagements. I lcarn't on enquiry that for the past twolvo months, tho prosperity and trado of Ballarat have been on tho wano, and that for year?, tho place has not boen as dull as it ia just now ; but,_ to neither of these I attach any great importauoo, seeing that whero Buch immensely rich finds of gold havo been, thero assuredly must bo moro ; and it is certain that tho late rush of speculators to operate in tho Sandhurst share market ia chiefly ausworablu for tho withdrawal of capital within tho last few mouths from tho Ballarat mining bouvso. Among tho real mining population of this wonderful gold region, thoio is nu unlimited quantity of energy and perseverance, with an amount of intelligence, and mining knowledge, and experience, not to bo found o'sewhere; and ib is contrary to all well established theories that these neceaiary attributes, belonging to the workers, should fail to draw around them tho moniod iaterosts of Australia. Though tho good folks of Ballarat aro much given to promenading their fino streets and 'piazzas,' the population aro wonderfully orderly ; and the police go through their duties with tho samo mechanical Binecuro stylo as in great old cities. And hero, hy-tho-byo, I must ask how tho titlo of 'city' has bo applied to Ballarat? Not that tho placo in itself is not every way worthy of tho name ; but so far as I know, thero is no Bishop, a dignitary I should always coiiHidor necessary to tho establishment of a city. 1 must suppose I'm wrong. Tho way to tho racecourse lies ulong somo six miles of very good road, through a country for tho most part fertile and beautiful ; and tho first object a stranger notices is tho largo lake, close outside the town, with ita numbera of sailing boats out for pleasure, and a little steamer conveying pic-nic parties aud others to tho farther end of this picturesque sheet of water. Passing onward one comes in sight of a fine amphitheatre of bills, each and all cultivated to their Bummits, and ut tho baso of ono of which tho stands and other racecourse buildings, all painted white, are to bo seon at a distance of some miles, shin ing in tho sunlight. This way Ho tho roads to the lakes of Learmonth and Burrumbeet, tho former of whioh we ore in sight of beforo reaching tho course ; and altogether I think it hard to imagine a moro inviting piece of country than what I had a bird's-eye view of whilo doing the latter half of tho drivo to the races. Just now tho farms aro looking splendid, the roadside paddocks aro an green aa leeka, and tho look a-head over tho long sweeping rouge of fertilo slopes only makes ono long to sottlo down soniowhero iu those parts as the most enjoyable portion of Australia felix. But if tho approaoh is worthy of much mention, tho course itself exceeds everything of tho kind I have come across elsewhere. Its natural advantages of situation have given tho Ballarat Kaes Club managers an opportunity of making certainly the prettiest course, as well as the best for seeing racing on, and one of the very best pieces of running ground in tho colonies. There's nothing like it ; so everybody says ; and what everybody says must be true ; and the saddling paddock, and other stand appurtenances have been designed and laid out with judgment, and a great regard for the convenience of horse owners. There is a good row of boxes for frac tious horses to saddle in ; the Steward's Stand gives accommodation for the official clement; and I was informed by the activo seorotary that the lane along whioh the horses come in to weigh, will be widened by next meeting, which will leavo little to be desired. The accommodation for the Press, is just what the members of tho Fourth Estate require ; consisting of a reserved portion of the stand, in the beat position, a room under the Steward's Stand, which is close to the lists of scratchings,- and where table and chahs ato provided, to convenience reporters in writing thoir accounts. "When the A. J. 0. committeo will do as much for tho Press this deponent sayeth not ; but clearly they caro little for newspaper opinions, or for the^ interests of racing men either, when they persist against all expostulation, in altering a rule of their own, whioh thoir own rules say they havo no power BO to alter. This, however, isn't my present business. It might be necessary some day, to send reports of races from Bathurst or Goulburn to tho Sydnoy daily papers, by trains leaving tho raco town at nevon in the evoning, and arriving in tinto for next morning's publi cation ; but unless conveniences such as I have described at Ballarat are given ou tho course, ao that reports can bo written af tor o.ich race, tho thing would bo impossible. The Melaourno rind Ballarat arrangement» make it oasy enough. I need hardly say, I received tho usual complimentary ticket from the secretary, Mr. Olibborn ; and on application to the ltailway secretary in Molbourno, a freo paos was at onco granted mo to and from Ballarat, ox tending from Wednesday to Saturday, whioh was [subsequently enlarged to Monday, on my expressing a wish to remain BO long at Ballarat. To show how much consideration ia Bhown boro to members of the Press, I may say that passes were issued for theso Ballarat Paces to one repre sentativo enoh of tho Argu3, tho Australasian, thoLeader, and the Weekly Time3, all of Molbourno, bosides to myself on your account. I wonder what our ' Old Works' would think if ono were to ask for a pass to attend Goulburn Paces ! I had almost neglected to say that the journey to and from Ballarat and the Course, is performed in nabs or' busses, the former of the ' dos a doB' description ; and tho charge for the trip back and foro each day, is from two to three half-crowns, according as you bargain with a strange cabby, or quietly submit to bo fleeced by one you kuow. Arrived at the course on tho first day, I was perfectly delighted, as woll as struck with wonder, by tho beauty of the place ; bub I couldn't help think ing that so large a town and district, and especially on a holiday, should have furnished a larger attendance. Cortes, there wan a goodly crowd on tho course, and in two shilling enclosures, for the first time opened at this meeting ; but it couldn't bo denied that of tho occupants of the Grand Stand and Paddock, a large proportion were visitors from distant places, horsey men and bookmakers being especially numerous. I was woll pleased, however, to soo a fine show of ladies, handsome and well-dressed ; and for tho pleasuro of the citizen wives and daughter«" of Ballarat, everyone re joked at the glorious weather, a trifle hot, though it cer tainly was. Hero, na at all other decent racecourses I ever saw, except at Randwick, the refreshment portion'of the stand ia at the back ; so that ladies can pace the lawn in front and occupy the Beats, without listenine to the edifying romarks of winners or losers, aa they compare notes over champagno or brown-eherry after a race. I was not disposed to think well of the manage mont at firat sight of it ; for Cavanagh the jockey was for a long time refused admission although he waB going to ride Detective in the Telograph Stakes ; and was nearly too late to weigh in consequence; and I thought it rather arbitrary inflicting a fine of two guineas for lateneaa at the Beales. Still, after a while ono becomes reconciled to these things, though tô speak truth, there are several minutice that wouldn't satisfy us here, among which I would particularize the weighing in of the jockeys, as more care is evidently necessary to assure winners not coming in over weight. Scratchings and jockeyB' names aro put up on tho Steward's Stand ; but there is a great want of a tele graph to put up numbers of the atarters for the benefit of the outside public ; and I may Bay that all through thia racing campaign, as well at Melbourne and Ben digo as at Ballarat, I have found the greatest dif acuity in arriving at a knowledge of any over-weights declared, of whioh there surely are always some in light handicaps. Tho less I say about the starting tho better, for it waa the worst I ever saw anywhere, and the longknockingaboutat thepostinterfered sadly with the chances of more than one horse I could name. It waB the great drawback to the meeting; hoing so uni versally bad that there waa hardly a good get off, dur ing the three days. Some of tho handicaps, too, were defective, and that of Sutton on the last day quite inexplicable. So extraordinary a production was this, that I should have called it about as bad as anything I ever saw. had not the two handicaps at Smythesdale come out this morning ; and the handicapper has taken the racing public quite by surprise, by bringing down two fields of twenty-three and twenty-two respectively, to so fine a point, that only three animals, Lady Clif den, The Ace, and Kingfisher, have the ghost of a show. The handicaps of Bendigo and Ballarat have not been by any means A 1 ; but these two for Smythesdale are the greatest curiosities out. Mr. Olibborn, as seoretary, was an.tivo and obliging, attend ing carefully to his duties, and the clerk of the course waB evidently in the right place, though it wasn't good looking to see visitors donning tho pink when his clerkship was going to ride. The appointment I noticed lost notbine in tho hands of my friend Wal dock, who did the amiable at tho close of tho ri rat day, when Mr. Wilson, tho bona fide clerk, was riding his own horse Stafford, and got tho stake. I couldn't help mentioning of the assistant to the clerk of the course, also in pink, and well m ado hunting togs, including cap. He's the quaintest and most old-fashioned lad I ever saw ; and he rode a remarkably nice grey pony, and very handsome. Having said that the books were of the usual kind, and cost a shilling, I have nearly told all preliminaries ; and may turn to the events of the meeting. Up to the morning of the meeting thero had been many great doubts about tho condition of Lady Clifden who was unseen at the Y.R.C. Meeting ; but these doubts were dissipated when she stripped; and she went to the poBt a firm first favourite at very short odds against a good average field of fourteen, of whioh the next most fancied were Freetrader, The Baron and Rambler. The.filly made her own running all the way and won easily. Deteotive, who waa second to her at first, giving way to Pickpocket at half the jour ney, and finishing third; Delhi came down coming into the straight, and bia jockey's collar-bone was broken. It waa a treat to seo nine nags come out to jump over the small sticks ; and Moscow was a tremendous pot, no more that six or seven to four being obtainable ; while Middy Ashore and Royston were next in request, but little money being invested on the winner. Royston put out his chance early in the race by running past a jump; and Moscow and Middy Ashore remained in the baok ground till within a milo from home, where they began to go at each other in great style. In the straight, the almost unconsidered Fair Nell came out on the inside, defeated tho favourites at the last hurdle, and won cleverly by three or four lengths; Moscow second, Middy third, and the others straggling in, except Prima Donna, who fell. After his show in the short spiu no one thought of Tho Baron for the Oap, for which Lapdog wad the great oertainty. with only 5 to 2 against him, though there were a dozen starters ; and Barbolle and Praetor stood at about 5 to 1 eaoh, with Saladin at a point more-Mr. Winch, who had baoked his horso overnight, refusing 100 to 8 at the post. The start was execrable, Lapdog and Glencoe having the best of it, while Barbelle, daladin, and Praetor were the last to get away. Prastor soon went to tho fore, however ; but in the meantime Glencoe and Lapdog.wero in front, and Mr. Dowling's nag, when he caught them, went on with the command till a mile from home, or thereabouts, when The Baron took the lead, and defying all efforts, won very easily by some lengths ; thua quite upsetting the theory of his being a non-stayer. Aa Saladin, Warrior, and Barbelle, who were second, third, and fourth, all got badly away, their baokera considered the race a very unsatisfactory one ; for the trio were in capital buckle, or thought so by their friends ; and the WarriorJ stable wore displeased with Yeomans for finishing for a place. In this they were everyway wrong ; for had the horso been beaten a long way, no ono would have believed the performance, and as it was, all handicappers will know he ran on his merits. Detective being drawn,i;Jaok Sprat started at evens for the Corner Stokes, whioh he won in a cantor, and waa sold. The Scurry Stakes produced an affair tho like of which is, fortunately, not often aeon ; for Koo wee-rup, ridden by his owner's son, carefully weighed out, and backed at about even money, turned out to be some pounds short of weight, after winning almost in a walk. Many unkind things were said, and it was generally remarked as strango that a more urohin should be picked out to ride 9st Sib, car rying stones of Bhot, when plenty of good jockeys were available. How or where the thing was done I don t protend to say, because an inquiry was held at night, and tho owner satisfied the stewards that he knew nothing ; but that there was some tiddly winking some where, and dono effectually too, very few peoplo doubted. Such tiddly winking is ruinous, and saps the foundation of legitimate racing, almost without a hope of recovery. At night there was very little business doing at Craig's ; the Handicap and Steeple double taking tho leading position with bet tors ; and for the first of these The Ace waa pnme favourite ; Saladin and Mia ty Morn next ; while with one or other of these were taken Tho Monk,# Reindeer, and now and then Narcisse, for the big jumping. That Narcisse was not more popular arose from the faot that many peoplo doubted whether ho would start -- bia owner, I think, not having got his money on j but, be this as it may, he wasn't over firm. Tho weather on Friday was a good deal warmer than on the previous day ; but tho peoplo didn't patronize the courso extensively, any more than they do else where on a middle day. TbiB day there was every in ducement to go : fine weather, the prospect of large fields in most COBOS, and a jumping race looking well in tho books ; but still the townspeople came not. xne bull oponed as the previous day'a entertainment nBd closed, with an inglorious exhibition by Koo-wee-rup, on .. -irtiÍR time waa lang, with, the odds of 3 to 2 ; and &$^ïîSte * rank'duffer, finishing up aa if he Ki luxuriating urnome paddock or other whwe " Lmtvof water. The winner, Delhi, wasn't Bold. Inline Steeplechase gave a capital race, though ^ffiorv- for old Blueskin after sticking like a S ta Traveller fell over the laat fence coming home, » TWvaller canteriag in alone, the judge placed .n«,nd Sulphur stopped in the double flight of MS rallB opposite the stand; but his ?^ Mtion wis nothing to that of his rider, "i, hammered the horse about the head, as though fiT.k «ara the most approved plan for making a horse ! and, although Mr. Sulphur jumped well. nen-'the paling fence of the running ground, he e°nldn'fc negotiate the obstacle he had first refused. ? ihe time of going out for the Ballarat Handicap, The «as a ereat favourite, with barely 5 to 2 against ii*was a great favourite, witn barely ö to a against ita Valentine and The Baron beine next in favour, ^'fourteen going to the poat. The fine Adelaide colt Si» keDt up hia prestige by winning very eaaily ; and folly IWP' "V "i,* nn"Attinn AiA W twiinpi. .T"T,n",, rilfle Jewess, whose condition did her trainer, Johnny Henderson, great credit, ranking a capital finish in | front of »li the. others. Lapdog and Praetor did the udine business for the first half-mile, after which The Ace was in front all the way. Barbelle, who didn't B6' a verv good s*ar*' never showed prominently u the van, and the time was tremendously fast, being toto'42j»eo for the mile and a-half. For the Selling Silkes, I)6teotive waa installed first favourite, it being ftonghV that Kingfisher couldn't give him a ..a and a stone ; but Tom Brown rode L - Adelaide horse like a workman, and The Policeman ' only got second, though he waa a dozen.' lengths clear of the others. This was a great oerformance of Kingfisher, four year old, carrying 9st, ind doing the mile and a-half in 2min 45sec ; but I unit say that Detective's propinquity to the winner in nch.fftsttirhe has made mo strongly doubt tho mea lurement ot the courae ; for the time I know waa correctly taken.. Other folks seemed to think so, too, for nobody tried to buy the winner, whose upset price «as only L100. The start for the Flying Handicap wu one of those unsatiafaotory ones that ao often ruin a short race ; and Lady Clifden, who started at even money, got olear away in front, remaining there to the rod and winning eaBily, with Pickpocket second, and Jack Sprat third; The Pearl, whose chance was lost by getting badly away, finiahing fourth. Tho jockey of fte winner was fined for getting off in front ; but what matters a fine when a boy rides according to ordera and nins. ¡Young Cavanagh ian't knowing enough forthiftaoi t of business ; for after being conspicuous in all the false (Urta helet himself leave the post nearly laat in the i reu'one. .Thia brought the business of tho Becond diy to a olose; and we all made our way to town, Viere a good sluicing soon ridded us of the roaddUBfc. When the Sutton Handicap weights came out at night, the handicap was considered a bad one ; but, although two or three favourites were made, such as Lady Clifden, Tho Pearl, and Valentine, after three of the kip mights had been scratched, thc winner was not , .potted, and no one took tens to one about, him at the ] post. {The weather was again warmer on Saturday, and the change, whioh all the local weatherwise said must come, kept studiously away. The attendance! vas not as large as I expected to see, but then the dis tance of the course from town makes the trip expensive. Overnight there had been midry! and, divers rum oura aa . to the uon lUiling oft .Narcisse for the Steeplo .Chase ; and report said afterwards that his owner only made up Hs mind, or consented to let him go, after he had been laida lot of money at next to nothing by some lucky ipeoulators who .had the first of a double already in brad. Anyhow, I know the talking was not compli mentary; and as a matter of fact, the satisfaction »odd have been great if the great Narcisse had been bowled over. This day the dust along the road waB terrible indeed, and the driving of some Jehus furious enough ; but accidents I saw none. Punctually at the appointed hour eleven faced the flag for The Sutton, »¡tb only 3 to 1 against Valentine, and 4 to 1 eaoh aboat The: Lady and The Pearl. There were any quantity of false starts, and when the real one came, it wu-;bad' as bad could bo, Lady Clifden again getting!away with much the beat of it, followed w! Misty and The Pearl. When they had run T wfly. the old grey came out and led them .home,; winning by a length from Valentine, with The Pearl a good third, followed by Minty Morn, Kate Dalrymple, The Baron, and Lapdog in that order. Pair Nell made an awful example of horfield in the Selling Hurdle Race, and waa bought in for double her upseti. price, a fate which awaited Detective after winning the Steward's Cup, for which Kingfiaher waa scratched ; and then came the Grand Steeple Ohaae. I may tell you that thia is the severest jumping course io Viotoria-and that's saying a good deal, for there weother very heavy ones. In thia there areabout four vii**Bróund, and more than thirty fences, among wach are a couple of stone walla, ditto log fences, ditto Bod walls, and three big double flight8 of posta md rails, eaoh having to be negotiated twice. One ot {new doubles is opposite tho stand, and tho others are m and out of a road. Mr. Robert Orr tooled Karowse, who started with but 2 to 1 against him, Keindeer and The Monk being next in demand, ta » field of seven. Of theae The Rake fell at the firat ft-VJ Wftll)> and stopped at the next in front of we stand, and all the naga, except the winner, either WtMed or fell. Darkie, who waa running very well at i 5 *{.m8' refuscd- iQ the road the aeoond time round ; md though he made up his lost ground wonderfully, he rt iuite oauSût NaroiBsie. Had he gone straight wroughout, it seems to me the little black horse's nice 3îmust have'enabled him to settle Narcisse, whose ii'nu: must iave told> in tûe run nome» against ki ¡MI ^aroiBse ia a horse that strikes very bard, .nw*6** little; and this time Mr. Orr had all his lo» rt to keep nim on nis leSs eaoa time at the n» A waa a Pretty stiff piece of work, both for ?\n fna horses, the day being oppressively hot ; thf « BÎgat wortfi seeing indeed, the nego tii«* it theSB biS fences ; . and any stranger th! . 9 00vmtry meetings oannot fail to see that int» ^PP^S races create the greatest amount of dica ulWe11 88 8Pe°ulation. The Consolation Han WPtWitn wui°h the meeting wound-up, gave us a dead Attlii - jn the favourite, Planet, and our old friend S»«r ifc was sreat fun to watch tho shepherd betti "-S618 and riders that was done in tho interval eliU. "i- dead and deciding heats by backers of ¿T . .who feared lest the affair might be squared, £i|fMr Prejudice. Albany pulled it off comfortably ls»J IÎJJ Ríter a S°OD raoe> the nags being head and eren . for stride> during the whole journey ; but Harth»' 80me folkB ^»ntod that Armstrong waa about, fte Wt80- given a seneral acoount of proceedings, all «..!>» ,lng snorfc resume of the running will furnish ^needful particulars for your readers : ô- PLB8T. DAY, THUKSDAY, NOVEMBER 30. .ATelegraph Stakes, of 60 BOVS. Entrance 1 sov. ^».».mile. Handicap. u^' 'î0n?h/,SnbJn:Lady Clifden, 4 yrs, by Yelverton, 7st /jyï'tUnâerioii) .. .. .. ? 1 v ; Jori Ki? 8 b I Plokpookot, aged, Cst (Ward) ... 2 , W Cni i ch h Detective, 5 yrs, 7st 01b (Kavanagh)... 8 ' T'lSW oh 8 ï'ootrader, 7st 101b . . PorbMÏ,. t8 b gThe Baron' 0 yrs- ?at 101b .V O *ï IfhB Dana. »Red; 7st 61b . H, H tr" ï s b.k s Rambl°r. "Bea, 7st 101b . * u' Bo'WnB'a b m You'll do, 4 yrs, 7s( E. Seviot a ch m Kate Dalrymple, s yra, 7st G. GaiTney'B ti tn Augustine aged, est 121b J. Arthur s bf Fairy, 3 yrs, 6st 121b Savior s bk g King Tom, aged, Cst 121b ; Patterson's bk g Delhi, aged, 6st 121b T. Patterson's b f Ariel, 3 yrs, 6st 101b John Watson's g m friestes«, aged,'Sst 71b i 64 t^îSSJSH^510 Statte, »-to i"1Lany4.?lifdea ha,d a11 the best of a very bad start, led all the way and won in a cantor. Time, 50 eeo. TT^1nHurdIl of 10.?sova- Entrance, 5 aova. Handicap. About three miles. Second horse to eave ins stakes. m-Blt^%\^IfmU'^y Prince William, T" T' iSin 8°n's bln£sMoscow' aSed- °3t (Byrne) 2 ley) j* S ^ Y Aahore- 6 y». 8st 41b (Addor Johri Brown's b g Eo'yf ton, aged, lOst 81b 3 LU Jellett s ch g Hotspur, aged, lOst 41b m ¿í;.,Mer,er'8 b m Unknown, aged, Oat T n£0118 b g Potatoes, aged Oat > T 5* ierkm'a br g ßfownlock, aged, Sst 71b J. a. Crooko's b m Prima Donna, 6 yrs, 8at 41b Betting : 2 to 1 Moscow, 4 to 1 Middy Ashero, 6 to 1 Hotspur or Fair Nell, 7 to 1 Royston. Won easily, Moscow and Middy running wide in tho straight. Time, 6min 20èaecs. The Ballarat Cup of 200 aova. Two miles, two fur longs, and 42 yards. Second horse to receive 10 aova from the stakes. Mr. W. Winch's b g Tho Baron, 0 yrs, by Tarragon, 7stGlb (Ryan) ... .. 1 J. It. Çrooke'sKr g SaladlD, aged, 7st41b (Waterman) 2 8\. Sevlor s b g Warrior, agod, Oat 61b (Yeomans) .. 3 E. Twomoy's b m Mermaid, 5 yrs, Sst 101b H. H. Hosking's ch h Glencoe, aged, 8at 101b E. Lee s ch m Barbello, 0 yrs, 8at «lb J. Gilbert's br e Lapdog, aged, 7st 121b W. Oreville's ch g Boomerang, aged, 7st P. Lewis's b h Praitor, aged, 0 yr», Oat 101b J. Murrlaon's b g Albany, aged, Cst 10b P. Glenistar's bl g Rambler, »god, Cst 01b . J. Brown's br g Dolo, aged, Oat. Betting : 2 to 1 Lapdog, 4 to 1 Barbello, G to 1 Saladin, 6 to 1 Prto;or, 7 toi Warrior, 10 to 1 Glencoe, 12 to 1 tho Baron. This waa a wretched start for Barbelle, Praitor and Saladin getting all the worst of it ; while Lapdog had much tho best. Praator and Glencoe wero in front until a mile from home, when The Baron took tho lead, and won very easily. Time, 4min 14sec. The Corner Stakes, of 50 sovs. One mile and a half. Weight for age. Entranoe 1 so v. The winner to be sold for L25. Mr. W. Winch's br g Jack Sprat, by Lord of .tho Hills, 3 yrs, 0«t 111b (Byan) .. .. .. .. 1 W. Doherty's g m Moonlight, aged, Oat 61b (Jamison).. 2 ll. Bartlett's b g Victor, aged. 9st 71b (T. Wilson) .. 3 AV. Grenville's br g Tim. 6 yrs. Oat 71b T. Wilson's b g Stafford, aged, 9at 71b. Betting : Even Jack Sprat, 2 to 1 Victor. Time, 2min 57¿sec. Tho Scurry Stakes, of 25 aova. Entranos 1 sov. One milo. Weight for age. Winner to be Bold for L25. Mr. O. Clarke's b g Kooweerup, 6 yrs, by Touchstono, 9st 51b (Clarke) ... .. .. .. ... Ï T. Wilson's b g Stafford, aged, Oat 61b (Wilson) .. 2 W. Goorgo's b g Teddington, aged, Oat 5lb (Haugh) ... 3 J. N. Perkins's b m Bellona, aged, Oat 31b P. Connolly's b gUarmion, aged, Ost 51b. Betting : 5 to 4 against Kooweerup. \ Time, lmin 51¿aeo. Won by a dozeu lengths. Koo weerup waa 4lb short of his weight, and tho stake was given to Stafford. SECOND DAY-FIUDAY. The Helter Skelter. 30 sovs. 1 mile. Mr. T. Patterson's bru Delhi, by a son "of Mr. Martin, aged, oat 41b (Davis) .. .. ... .. 1 C. Clarke's b g Kooweerup, G yrs, Oat 41b (Lang) .. 2 W. Groville's b g Tim, 0 yrs, Ost 41b (Mitchell) .. 3 Betting : 3 to 2 on Kooweerup, 3 to 1 agst Delhi. Won eaaily. Time, lmin 55iseo. Selling Steeplechase of 75 BOYS. Entry 3 sovs. Weights, selling conditions, ko. Mr. S. Harding's b g Traveller, byLuctfor, aged lOst 41b, £45 (Harding) ... .. .. ?. ..1 "W. P. Bowes' b g Surprise, aged, 10st41b, £45 (Mason) C. Clarke's bk g.sulphur, aged. Oat lllb, £30 (Adderley) T. Wilson's g g Blueskin, aged, 9st 4lb, £15. Betting : Even on Traveller, 3 to 1 agst any other. The favourite was much auperior to his field, and won easily, Blueskin falling at the last fence. Time, 7min 46¿sec. The Ballarat Handicap, 150 sovs ; 1J mile. Mr. J. T. Ryan's b c The Aco, by Aco of Clubs, 3 yrs, Ost 81b (P. "Ward).1 F. Henty's blk m The Jewess, 4 yrs, Cst (Bryan) .. 2 B. Savior's b U Misty Morn, 5 yrs, 7st 81b (Davit) .. 3 H. H. Hoakins's ch li Glencoe, aged, 8st 121b Vf. Winch's b g Little Dick, 5 yrs, 83t 101b E. Leo's ch m Barbollo, 0 yrs, 8st 10. b J. Wilson's br g lapdog, aged, 8¡t 31b . W. Winch's b g Tho Baron, 6 yrs, 7a 1131b (Including 31b J. R63Crook's gr g Saladin, aged, 7st 51b Ell Jellott's b h Planet, 4 yrs, 7st 41b P. Lewis's b h Prtetor, 0 yrs, 7st 31b H. T. Bowler's b g Valentine, 0 yrs, Cst 121b A. Swlfte's b m Misä Sheffiold, 5 yrs, Oat 6lb J. Brown's br g Dolo, aged, Oat Betting ; 5 to 2 agst Tho Ace, 100 to 15 each Valen tine and Baron, 100 to 12 Barbelle and Saladin. Tho Ace led for the last mile, and won in a canter by three lengths. Time, 2min 42Asec, Selling Stakes of 50 sovs. Entrance, 2 sovs. Once round. Weight for tho ago. Winner to be sold for L100. If entered to bo sold for L80, allowed 71b ; LG0, 141b ; L40, 211b; L20, 281b. Any surplus to go to the funds. Mr J T. Ryan's br b Kingfisher, by Skyscraper, 4 yrs, Oat £1U0 (X. Brown) .. .. .. ... J John Tait's ch h Detective, G yrs, 8st, £40 (Cavanagh) 2 R. Parkinson's ch g A ima (lato Postboy), aged, 8at 01b, £?¡0 (Jamieson) ».,,,». cr. J. Gaffnoy'a b m Augustine, aged, 7at lllb, £10 B. Sevior'sbk tr. King Tom, aged, 7st I3'b, £40 T. Connelly's b g Merlin, aged, 7st 01b, 120 W. Groville's ch g Bi onioning, aged, Ost 01b, £100 \- 1*. O'TooIe's br g Frconcy, aged, 7st ülb, £20 H. A. Bartlett's bg Viotor, aged, 8st 131b, £80 John Brown's b g Shamrock, aged, <at 01», £20 Betting : 2 to 1 agst Detective, 4 to I agst King fisher, 5 to 1 ngst Shamrock. Detective and Kingfisher carno clean away from the rest, and tho Adelaide horso won by a length, lime, 2min 45Ainin. ,, , " Flying" Handicap of 75 sovs. Entrance, 2 sovs. Distance, six furlongs. Mr. D. Jones' b m Lady Clifden, by Yelverton, 4 yrs, 7at81b(T. Undeison) .. ... .. .. £ J T. Ryan's b g P.ckpotkct, aged, Oat (Ward) .. 2 W Wincl?s br g Jaek Sprat, 8 yrs, Ost ülb (Fleesou) .. 3 John Tait's b h.The Pearl 5yrs, Sst 41b H. GlenUtor's bk g Rambler, agod 7at Mb W. Compton's ch g ^trader aged, ,at Bib H. H. Hobkins' b in You'll Do, 4 yrs, CatLilb E. Sovior's b g Panmur.», 4 yrsi, Cs t121b J. Arthur's b f Fairy, 3 yrs, «'t 101b T. Patterson's bf Ariel, 3 yrs, Us; (Jib Bettine : Even on Lady Olifdou. Sain Lady Clifden got all the best of an execrable atart, and won all the way in lunn 14aeo. THIRD DAY, SATURDAY. The Sutton Handicap. 100 sovs. 1 «»1*. Mr J. E. Crooks g g Saladin, by Pegasus, aged, 7st 41b, j 'iL ÄoÄTg Valentino, aged, 7at ¿lb (Sheri rlngham) .. .. ". '" "7 John Tait's b o Tho Pearl, 6 yrs, 7st 121b (Cavanagh) ., 3 E. Sovlor's br h Misty Worn, 5 yrs, Sst 41b ? - ? D. Jones sb m Lady Cliffl on. 4 yrs, 8at 41b J. Wils «n's b g Lapdog aged, 8st W; Winch's b g The »aron, a?ed, 7st 71b J. Arthur's br h Flying Putchman, (J yrs, 7st 71b W. Compton's ch g Kreotrader, aged, Ost ' H Sevior's cl» m Kate Dalrymple, 6 yrs, 6st 401b F. Connolloy's b g Merlin, aged, est 101b (carried Cst 41b), Betting : 3 to 1 agst Valentine, 4 to 1 Lady Clifden and The Pearl. Saladin came in front at the half mile, lasted to the end, and won cleverly. Time, lmin. 47seo. Selling Hurdle Race of 80 sovs. About two miles. Weight for. ago. Tho winner to be sold for L50 If entered not to be 8old, to carry 71b extra ; if to bo aold for L40, allowed 71b ; L30, L141b ; L20, 211b ; L10, 281b, Any surplus to go to tho funds. Mr. Eli Jellott's b m Fair Nell, by Prince William, aged, £30, 8st 71b (Walters). 1 J. J. Miller's b g Middy Aahoro, 0 yrs, £10. Dst 21b (Harding) . ... .. ..2 John Watson's g m Helen, agod. £30, Sst 71b (Gardner) 3 F. Connelly's b g Mailroy. aged £10, 7st91b C. Clark'» bk g Sulphur, aged, £20, Sst 21b ? W. P. Bowes'« b g Surprise, 5 yrs, £ <0, Sst 61b A. H. bartlett's g m Warrawing aged, £30, Sst 71b J. Brown's br g Itoyston, aged, not to bo sold, Vat 2lb J. Brown's br g Dolo, aged, not to ba sold, lOst 21b. Betting : 5 to 2 against Poyston, 4 to 1 Fair. Nell. RoyBton gave way half a mile from home, and the mare won in a canter. Time, 3.53A. Stewards' Cup of 50 sovs. Entrance, 2 sovs. One milo and a half. If entered not to be soid, to carry 71b overweight for ago ; if to bo sold for L100, weight for age ; L80, allowed 71b ; LOO, 14lb ; L40, 2llb j L20, 281b. Mr. John Tait's ch c Detectlvo by Now Watrior, 5 yrs, £40, Sst (W. Enderson).. .. .. 1 Brown's b g Jack Sprat, 3 yrs, £00, Oat (Bryan) ... 2 lt. Parkinson's ch g Alma (lato Postboy), aged, £0), 8at 01l> (carried OH) (Jamieson) .. ... 3 J. Gsffney's b m Augustine, aged, £40, 7st lllb P. Glenister's bl g Rambler, aged, £40, Sat 01b F. Connolly's b g Merlin, aged, £20, 7at 01b. Betting : Even on Detootive. Won easily. The Handicap Steeplechase, of 200 sovs. About four miles. Mr. T. Wilson's b g Narclsso, by Touchstone, aged, 12st 41b (R. Orr). .. .. 1 AV. P. Bowes's bk g Darkie, agod. 8at 81b (Mason) .. 2 AV. P. Bowes's br g tiabbler, aged, lOst 101b (West) .. 3 J Brown's b g Reindeer, aged, 12at 41b Bartlett's g g Vulcan, aged. lOst 8lb J. T. Ryan's bk g The Monk, aged, lOst 41b S. Harding's ro g Tho Rake, aged, Sat 101b, carried Oat 71b Betting : 2 to 1 agst Narcisse, 3 to 1 agst Reindeer and the Monk, 5 to 1 ugBt Darkie, This was quite the sensation event of the meeting, and was worth going a long way to see. All got over the wall with which tho race commenced in good style, except Tho Rake who fell, giving Harding a nasty shake ; and as ho refused persistently ot the Stand double ho was out of the race. This double at the Stand also pulled up Reindeer, ao that his ahance wau out j and Babbler who led them here was pulled back before reaching tho road for the first timo, where tho order was Vulcan, The Monk, Darkie, Narcisae. and Babbler. In the cultivation, the Adelaide horse deprived Vulcan of his advantage, and led over tho road into the course; Babbler afterwards establishing himself for a abort time in first position. Narcisse struck tho logs very heavily but landed safe, and after tho wall was negotiated Mr. Orr led over the double post and rails at the Staud, tho second of which was fatal to Vulcan, who left Darkie in second place followed by The Monk and Babbler ; tho first round having thus settled the pretensions of Vulcan, Rein deer, and Tho Rake. Crossing the road, outward bound for the second time, Narcisse led, Darkie and The Monk following over .tho fence into the road, where the latter Bomehow interfered with Darkie who balked in consequence, and Narcisse assumed a strong load, The Monk going on second. Darkie made up his loat ground very quickly in the cultivation, and after landing in tho course got very close to his leaders ; but although Tho Monk fell and the little black horse easily beat old Babbler, he was never able to quite collar Narcisse who in the end won cleverly ; though had he been collared over the logs the result would most likely have been different. The time was 10min 54iaecs. Consolation Stakes, of 40 BOVS. Entrance, 1 sov. each. Once round. Poat entry, to be made imme diately after the Stewarda' Cup. Mr. J. Morrison's b g Albany, aged, 7st 81b (AV. Enderson) 1 E. Jellett's b g Planet, 4 yrs, 7st lllb (S. Davis) .. 2 R. Sevior's ch m Kate Dalrymple, 5 yrs, 6st (Bryant) ... 3 J. Arthur's bre Flying Dutchman, 6 yrs, 8at41b P. Lewis's b 1» Prtetor, 0 yrs, 8st O. Clarke's b g Kooweerup, 6 yrs, 7st ßlb R. Sevior's b g Panmure, 4 yrs, 71b J. Brown's b g Shamrock, aged, 6st 121b Crooko's br m Prima Donna, 5 yrs, Cst 61b. Betting : 3 to 1 eaoh Planet and Praetor ; 4 to 1 Albury. After an exciting dead heat, run in 2sec 46£min, Albury won cleverly in half a second lesB ; and this wound up the Ballart Spring Meeting of 1871. 