EASTER MONDAY. BY PETER 'POSSUM. I HOPE I am not snob enough to affect superfine airs, but still I must own that the only pleasure I get from being out on a popular holiday is derived from seeing so many other people enjoying themselves. So many of these, however, are to be seen on a fine Easter Monday in and about London--if not exactly enjoying themselves in all cases, at least fancying that they are doing so, or hurrying away to real or fancied enjoy- I ment--that I master my dislike of the crowd, and glide about, silent, but not quite so sombre, as a ghost, in the midst of the noisy revellers. Shall we take the wheels of the engine, and flee away to Sussex, to see the civic warriors blue, red, green and grey, and drab muster in the town of many bow-window, and march past and manœuvre on the breezy Downs? But we are too late for Brighton. The first-class express train, for which not another ticket can be got, is just about to start. Hours ago the Volunteers from all parts of London converged upon the railway termini, and trains rolled out of them crammed fig-drum fashion with "Defence not Defiance" soldiers. Here, however, hastening up the London Bridge "incline," are half-a-dozen that have been left behind. They look doleful as a grinning porter tells them that they can- not possibly get down to Brighton in time for the re- view. They have overslept themselves--a fact the more annoying to them, inasmuch as they had taken the precaution and gone to the expense of sleeping at an inn hard by the station, instead of in their North London lodgings. The Crystal Palace booking-office at London Bridge is crammed--the trains as they back in are stormed-- carried at the point of the stick, parasol, and umbrella. Girls giggled hysterically in the tickling crush. "Oh, lor, Jemima Jane!" gasps a horror-stricken plump old lady to her struggling daughter, "my things is a comin' down--my petticoat is right about my 'eels!" What go they out unto Sydenham for to see? Grounds green with bud and bright with blossom, in spite of the keen north-east wind that ices the golden sunlight; and, in addition to all the normal attrac- tions of the Palace, Mr. John Hollingshead's Aladdin, with 300 performers, and Mr. Matt. Morgan's (of buried Tomahawk celebrity) scenery, Wombwell's menagerie, said the 18,000 gallon tanks stocked with ruff, roach, perch, pike, trout, tench, minnows, stickle- backs, flounders, gudgeons, chub, carp, barbel, water-spiders, and water-beetles. Later in the day there will be crowds bound, in 'bus and boat, club and railway carriage, for Cremorne, and that queer oasis of dryness in the Essex marshes, the below- bridge Cremorne, advertisementally known as the Royal Gardens, North Woolwich; where, if you have a somewhat Mr. Quilp-like picnic taste, you can dine on whitebait and lamb, whilst waiting for the music and the dancing, the tumbling and the fire- works. From Fenchurch-street, Bishopsgate, and Broad-street, more crowds are pouring out to Hamp- stead and Primrose-hill, and the show- places in Essex and in Herts. From Waterloo Road and Paddington crowds are streaming or rather squeezing to the show- places in Surrey and in Berks. By all methods of locomotion, including shank's pony and the per- ambulator, holiday-makers are starting for ever- glorious old Greenwich Park, and dusty neglected Blackheath, where, before the day is out, broken- kneed ponies and over-driven donkeys--bewildered by blows, fatigue, and shouts like drunken war- whoops--will have reason to curse Easter, and to marvel at the Christianity of such of its keepers we come within their ken as riders and drivers. Those bound for Brighton are not the only ones who will see the chalky cliffs of the southern coast and the blue waters of the Channel; excursionists in scores are excurring towards vulgar Margate and more aris- tocratic Ramsgate. The water in the mouth of the Thames can scarcely be called sea. To be sure it is salt, but so is pea-soup, which it very much resem- bles. Even such sea as this, however, is a treat to Londoners. Off Old Swan Pier lies a saloon steamer, decked with flags, and funnel burgeed with grey-black smoke and white vapour. Her destination is Gravesend and the Nore, to view the Great Eastern and the Medway men-of-war. Her hurricane deck is thronged, the panes of her saloon windows are lined with faces; wherever she has normal standing-room for one, two pairs of feet seem somehow to share it; and yet, crowded as she in, there is still a crowd left upon the swaying landing-stage. To walk backwards and forwards through a dark pipe underneath a river seems a queer mode of enjoy- ing a holiday, even though you may have to pay only a halfpenny for the privilege; but when I get to Tower Hill, I find that the Thames subway, which leads thence to Tooley-street, is thronged with pas- sengers. Wandering northwards, I find the tramcars that run from Whitechapel Church to Bow, literally reeling with their loads. In vain do the conductors, smarting under recent convictions at the Police Court, strive to limit their cargoes to the numbers allowed by their license, the East Enders, bent on having a ride immediately, are irresistible, and the conductors may think themselves lucky if they manage to poach all the fares due from their multi- tudinous passengers. At the foot of Westminster Bridge, whither I next zigzag in my cracker-like course, I found the South-Westerners bent on having a tram ride to Clapham Common, in similar numbers, and with equal obstreperousness. Tramways, under their present management, promise to be as great a success in London as they proved a failure under the auspices of cranky G. F. Train. The one in the City Road is fast approaching completion, and unless the comfort secured by asphaltic Cheapside, Broad-street, and a bit of Holborn should lead to a very wide exten- sion of that pleasant mode of paving the tramcars, I think, will ere long run the ordinary 'buses off all the main lines of London thoroughfare. As I ride northwards from the Angel in a 'bus, it stops just beyond Highbury Cock to take up two ancient crones. Before they got in, they parley with the con- ductor as to what is the proper fare to Upper Hollo- way. When at last, they are made to understand that they will have to pay threepence apiece we help the poor old bodies in. "They will impose on us old 'uns, if we don't look sharp," says one of them, shaking her wise old head. "Pooh, nonsense ma'am," answers my vis-a-vis, a good tempered man of fifty, who has been cheered but not inebriated by his Easter potations. "You old uns are a deal too hard on us young uns. I've known some old ladies in my time, and they 've taken me in." His plump wife, who sits beside him, shakes all over like a jelly in appreciation of her lord's facetiousness. "Ah, well, sir," the old woman goes on, pointing at her still older com- panion, "she ain't no chicken. Eighty-sivin she be." "Well, and serve her right," my vis-a-vis retorts, pretending to bluster. "I hope she'll live to be thirty years older, and that I shall be alive to shake her by the hand. Thereupon the elder shakes her head and says, "Thirty years!--wisher me be did long afore then-- hain't got enough to eat now." And then the old women between them tell us their history. For ten years they have lived together--in one place--yes, in one place-- that's a long time, ain't it? gentlemen. Eighteenpence a week each they gets now from the parish, but it 'ont keep 'em. They know they'd soon have to go into the 'ouse, but they don't like the thoughts on it. There's no fire allowed in the 'ouse only 'ot air pipes--and they 's 'ad their little comforts in their room. Hows'ever they's goin' to 'ave a ride to see 'ow they likes the looks of the new work'us." What a strange Easter excursion. Highgate Hill is black and blue, and all manner of colours, with pedestrians ascending and descending. Round sunny Highgate Ponds there is a dense fringe of spectators, watching the perform- ances of a squadron of miniature schooner yachts. The green pleasant meadows that swell between Highgate and Hampstead--here and there a snowy spray of a blackthorn blossom showing in the hedges \--are dotted all over with laughing holiday makers. The pleasant road to Kentish Town, the dingy road to Camden Town, are thronged. There is a move- ment and a buzz like that of swarming bees in Regent's Park. The Zoological Gar- dens are crammed. It is almost impossible to move in the monkey house. Farther on, crowds are pouring into Madame Tussaud's to see the Marquis of Lorne. Crowds, too, are pouring into the Polytechnic, and a mighty multitude into St. James's Hall to assist at the morning performance of the Christy Minstrels, who have once more blackened their faces, after their sacred concert on Good Friday. In the evening their room will be crammed again, and so will the theatres, and the music-halls, and the casinos, and Evans's, just reopened with new artists and decorations. Amongst the former are a "choir of singing boys." In Caves of Harmony, as at present conducted, Colonel Newcome, I think, would be of opinion that boys have no business to figure either as performers or audience. The Alhambra is temporarily closed, but the whole Alhambra company, with Blondin and ever so many other attractions, has migrated bodily to the Agricultural Hall. Big as it is, that and every place of amusement in London will be crammed to-night. Though thousands have flocked out of London, thousands also have flocked in. 'Bus traffic has a holiday look, which angers the drivers of carts and waggons; and shopkeepers and clerks, kept in the collar gazed anxiously at the holiday makers who loaf along the pavement. Fat little French soldiers in blue uniforms, looking as self-satisfied as if France was still at the very top of the European tree, thanks to their vigorous valour, spot the throngs in purple patches of half-a-dozen together, but the bulk are English country people. Some of the girls and young fellows are very swellishly got up, and give themselves very swellish airs; but cut of clothes, gait, gesture, glances, all smack unmistakably of the country. It is a pity that so many of the young fellows, fancying themselves fast, are ogling in a boobyish sort of way the leering painted faces that have come out in force in the streets between Leicester-square and Regent-street, and loiter at the shop windows in the Burlington Arcade. A pleasanter sight is to be seen in the Lowther Arcade. It is so choked with men, women, and especially children, gazing open-mouthed at the toys and nick-nacks, that even the lofty burly brown-and-gold beadle can scarcely force his way through them. "Ah zay," shouts a broad-shouldered, broad-faced, broad-tongued countryman to his friend, "Ah zay, Bill, ah 'm glad we didna miss this--'tis the best zaight of all." Near him three tiny tallow-faced little London boys, walking arm in arm, are ordered by a shopman to move on. Shrilly pipes the tiniest in retort,-- "We've come to have a look at the Arcade, and why shouldn't we see it now we are here, old buffer?" 