THE MELBOURNE HOUNDS. | Some writer has said, and I think it was Beck- j ford, " Take not out your hounds on a very windy E %" In spite of this sage advice the Melbourne I pack met at Caulfield on Saturday. The morning i was une, but the wind was high, m spite of j 1 which, long before the appointed hour, half-past 2 I I o clock, there was a large muster of the outside J I public, and any number of grooms leading about J 1 norsea in clothing, reminding one of a country J I race meeting more than a meeting of hounds ; but J 1 68 time drew near first one red coat and then I 1 another emerged from various well appointed J I ap8. Several ladies also graced the 6eene, and I 1 ? atte with their particular favourites. One or Wo of the fair sex were also mounted on well- I horses, and I wondered in my mind if K fair followers of Diana " intended going toe;!'' e misaPa of the day soon com- R twn -i'j racecour8e is enclosed by a big | rust' 6 1 enee' afc whih J saw one gentleman I Posr1D a 0r8e' ut the animal, evidently refn68je more common sense than its master, B revp -an< .e rider was left to take bis B old 'IP m a rntiier earth. " Well done, B him tJ ' y again," was the cry that greeted I seems v? mre tlian one This bad example echo most t>ad examples, to have had quick I com anter gentleman's breast, but he did B tod hm\ 80 borse coming down B almost ae ? i? rer'6 arm and the fence B Burnriapj a f Bame moment. I was somewhat B lat mem t a old a fol,ower of the bupt as this B foolish— .t sentlemau should ave been so B e, whiob11 ?a j 'nothing e— , as to jump his B C(M for si landing about in the a,ud » stiff- B wwwd ana !l , J-he hounds were now brought fl ' aoroaa the road on to a small hill, -and while stationed heiie lhe;ji|i caine.dpwn in audi showers as to drive "a. large number pf the field baokto the hotel for shelter.; T was stand-! ing a few paces behind the ' master,' when I over-, heard him sgy, "Tliere wiU not "be many in it after the first few fences," and I thought if I cotild only make some excuse to my friend who had mounted me, I would return to the hotel And let them have the fdnj as thby 1 . call it, 1 :to themselves ; but there he. was, talking to a lady j and when I was just in the act of calling him aside the master's horn soimdedand every one moved off at once, I amOnjg. tHb rest, but not without many misgivings as to thewisdom of the step I was taking. I ohce neard of some one who had said, or written ttiat None but an 'untsman knows an 'untsmah's cares ;" and, ita deed, I felt the truth Of the maxim in its full force at that moment of excitement; for it was excitement to me, knowing that the inan who had gone away with the high-dried Yarmouth bloater was a light-weight mounted on a clever horse, while I am above the medium weight, and riding a horse with the reputatioh of having been ridden to hounds for about ten yekrs, ' which did not enhance his value iny eyes, though it might have done bo in those of a better judge. However that may be, let's to ...the sport. After pushing through a narrow Entrance' into a pad- clock on our left, the hounds werei laid on, and away at a splitting, pace in five minutes. About , 200 yards in front of us is .a rasping two-railer, "quite new." 1 look behind me fdr 'a good man to follow, when my heart leaps with delight as a little to my right . I see a sixteen- stoner riding straight for the fenbe,' and I think that's my man, he is on a Bmall horse, add will surely bring down the top rail ; hut Oh !— and I I nearly drop my whip in my despair— he flys it like a bird. I am worse off than ever. I had fcilowed him so close that it gave me no time to look round again ; hut at this moment a lady in " black," and riding Walkover, passed me like an arrow, hew the fence, and looked round as mucn as to say "I don't believe you have the pluck to follow me." That look was enough for me.. I I was a new man, and at that moment would not J have cared if the fence had beep a foot higher ; J so over I went. I breathed again, and will now J relate how others fared! The master was the I first to charge the fence, but jk-oanoke stopped. 1 Dennie Callaghan, on Pastime, was first over, fol- 1 lowed by Mr. Pyke, on The Prophet, and Mr. j Inglis (jun.), oh Nimbok ; at the same moment I Mr, Blair, on Clunie, coming to earth ; theii Mr. R. Power, on Freetrader./ Mr. 'H. Power, on his pretty chesnut, whose name I have not heard, came down a .cropper"; hut" was' up '"again in a few moments, and away with the first flight. Then the Lady in Black, on Walkover ; Mr. Bowes, on Omadawn ; Mr. Ulascoek, on Jumping Jack ; a gentleman, "on Tallboy ; Mr. ; Moles worth, on Vivid; Mr. M'Caughey, on Coonong. Collector, ridden by one of Mr. Q-las- cock's grooms, Blips while taking off, and jumps right into the fence," hut is up; again, and meets with more success on a second trial ; then comes Dr. Madden, on a grey ; Mi". Bruce, on Har- I lequin ; Mr. Prell, on Pilot ; Mr. Bloeksidge, on j Stranger. The master, who got over on a third J trial, is soon to the front again./ There were one or two, spills among the rear rank, but I could not see who they were. Again we arrive at timber— this time not quite so stiff— and as the field was now, perhaps, one of "the best mounted ! that have ridden together for some time after the . Melbourne hounds, I could not. hope for a. broken panel, and I was not disappointed, the whole field sailing over this' and the next1 in grand style. We ruw turn to the left over a geree hedge, then to the right, down a slight in- I cline, over a three- railer, with a ditch on the landing side ; here one " or " tWo have a narrow | escape of coming to earth, but recover themselves. | This brings us on to a road, along which we take, to the right, and out of. the road to the left. A sharp turn to the right brings us again to timber. The Prophet is first over, followed by Pastime and Niribok, the Lady in Black and Omadawn, Roanoke, Freetrader, Tallboy, J umpmg Jack, j Collector, Mr. H. Power and Dr. Madden, Vivid, 1 Clunie, Harlequin, Pilot, Stranger, Coonong, and one or two others. Over this, we take again to the left, which brings us to a creek. Here | some .gentleman who is good at creeks gets a j bath. Some jump and . some wade the same, and. j we continue our course. " Ob, dear," what is this, I think to myself, as a rasping two-railer opens on my astonished gaze at the foot of a nasty little hill. Is there no other way out of this, and I look round in despair, when over pops the Lady j in Black. At that moment, wherever my body may be, I thought to myself, my heart is at the I other side of that fence, so' go I will, ' and I j went." I heaved a sigh of relief, and took a look at the nionster when once I felt myself Bafe 1 again. Ah, I thought, what would some of the | gentlemen riders in England say if they were J shown this and told that a field of between I twenty and thirty mounted men, including a lady, had crossed it without a mistake. I should ! not like to be the man to tell them, as I known I I what they would put me down for. Be that as it I may, to colonials -I make the bold assertion that I the whole field did cross it, and without a mis- take. We seemed to have got into a queer sort of country now. The next four fences were as big as any man in the world need w ish. to ride over, and I did not see a single mistake or a broken panel. In my opinion, it would have been impossible to have broken them, and while riding by the side of my I6st. friend, who could not heln exnressinff his ereat surprise that he had got over them, I took a look round to see what horses were left ; and with my " werry eyes, as Sam Weller says, I saw Roanoke, the Lady in Black on Walkover, Freetrader, the Prophet, Nimbok, Pilot, Quiadawn, Tauboy, Coonong, I Pastime, Harlequin, Vivid, Jumping Jack, I Clunie, Mr. H. Power, Collector, Dr. Madden, Stranger, Rival, and a few others whom I cannot remember at this moment. We now get among some scrub and then into a road, along which we take to the right. This brings us to a nasty dry I creek, which must be jumped, and then a short gallop brings us out on the Hipps Land road. This j we cross, and after half a mile's gallop we have a check, the Yarmouth bloater having given up the ghost. At this point a " dingo" had been s liberty. If that dingo did not know move ajj0uj. this particular part of the country thtuj most of the field I am mistaken. The of holes and ditches be brought us oyer "was something to be remembered, A large portion of the field j wiii remember them for some time to come. When once we had fairly started again spills became the order of the day. Here a gentleman riding a | brown horse, and who had taken us up, like many others, on the road, was carefully scraping the mud out of his eyes, ears, and mouth, and another horse and rider were lying in the most comfort- | able fashion on the broad of their backst wjth nQthing tobe seen of the latter but liis head out- of the mudv Then a small Foy on a pony eft the impression of his face on the clay so strongly that in future ages it maybe mistaken ! For a fosBil. All this time we are going like steam, and few seem T to pay much attention to other's troubles. Now a gentleman on a chesnut Tides to the frdilt, and another red-coated gentleman ex claims, " Halloa ! where have you been ?" and is answered in -a foreign accent, " I have not been out of sight." The words were barely oat when, lo ! to earth he came — I make a mistake, not to earth, but to mud— for when he anneared again to the naked eye it < would have taken a better judge thn lam" to tell what he looked like. I am not >a man to laugh at another's misfortunes, but when! this otherwise spotless gentleman emerged from the mud l oouid not help laughing. We move on, still without a fence in sight. Now we turn to the left, over one or two small fences ; : then along a road — if road it may be called. .Freetrader and Harlequin are to the right of the crowd/ and have to take A fence which leads into a. small paddock, coming out of which Free trader comesto earth, but Harlequin Hies it in grand style. Two miles' more galloping brings us to another road, a mud wall on one Bide and a three-railer on the other, with a ditch on the landing side. Here one or two have a narrow escape of being unseated, and Freetrader brings down two or three panels in his endeavour to get | over. "In this paddock the hounds are whipped ; off, and the " dingo " is allowed still to retain his liberty, and well he deserved it. For at least five miles he was not more than 200 yards in front of the pack, and continued to hold nis own for that distance,, but as the hounds drew upon him the master had them whipped off, and so ended by far the best run of the season. Those horses that went straight from start . to finish were 1 Walkover (ridden by the Lady in Black), Roanoke, the Prophet, Vivid, Clunie, Free trader, Nimbok, Tallboy, Omadawn, Pastime, Pilot, Rover, Coonong, Harlequin, Jumping | Jack, Stranger, Collector, Dr. Madden's Grey, ; and some half-dozen others. I could not help laughing to myself on the homeward journey, when a gentleman, whom I had' not previously known, began to relate to me how his horse had taken such and such a fence, and how he did not I know he could jump a second rail till he tried him that day.. Of course I said it was wonderful, and, indeed, it would have been, if a horse that had never before been tried to jump Had toiiowea I through this run; but it was daytime, and! had I not been asleep, therefore I knew who was there and who was not. Perhaps he, poor man, had followed in the spirit, which he had mistaken for the body. Snch mistakes do occur, especially in the hunting field. He also wondered who wrote these reports for you ; this I could not solve for him. I said it was very strange who.it could be, and we both wondered what a horse would look 1 1 ita Loir, or rid/Jen tn hnnnda bv ; THE CROW, i 