GE.YERAL SEWS. The "new light" religi inis's of Creiwlck eipiot, says the Billarat Star, to be taken up intj tha clouds in about tl-ree fnoiths, snd that the millennium will eommecc immediately theretfter. Infidels to their faith, say tbe "aer lights," us already ia nubibue. A halfpenny was swallowed last evesing by & child, ^ho w&Sj; u ?o"n ai th© occurrence was fcucd out, taken ti the Melbourne HoipitaL Hia nuna Robert Anderson, ao-i „„ he w&s; only four years eld, and lived in Li- da Lonsdale-atreet. It did not »ppe» thai he w»e any danger from its effects ot tha « r » I 8 e « , -' bla moriel - Four fte'.tl'men in tfokitika were lately plsyiog * Ea . me , of /, lllat * hen J"f ? ^ *? tt»rds, had (says the West Coast Times) the frtnos l0 fiDli thlt bU ovn hand.. con;ialrf of th, thirteen tramps. Players of whist aod readers of Hoy Id will be able lo appreciate the extreme rarity of 4be circamstsBcc It is expected that oat new man of-rsr, the Cerberu', is to make a trie! trip down the Bty si utttr ' na of tt ia wert. Advantage win then be ^oVbo^VeVaTs-^^ttb^l^f 0^: Sibly the Cerberus miy put in an appesrsnos ia Cerio Bay before retorting to her nsaal inohoraje! The Gazette of Frid.y last contains tbe proc'amation of Smihure- as a city, according to the pro. vi"®™ of the Borough Statute. T> a tain this difa ix w" "'ceesary for •h" boroajh reveau. for ihe preceding yeir to be £20.000. From fcetioe. foru ihi. towa w,n he called " .ne City of Ssndi hurst;" ths eou..cil and councillors she City Counci * Dd Councillor*; the mayor and town clerk, the City Mayor "id Clerh; and the burg«sei bars b.en elevated to "or:zecs. , They se<m . to have a forcible way in QuoeDi'sail BruSne""!® i. The The ¥ fnl.owing telegram from in the Sydney Empire of the ljih inst:—" n effigy of Mr Walsb, the membef for Maryborough, end Minister of Works wa< dr4Wn through Queen and Adelaide s reet, atd bLI n . c k eE ° our8e . of J,"' effigf waB beheadsd, end then oiei intoa wa.ijrliols, pelted with stones, and hooted The excite a-ent was immense." & D„wenIi . ne hew of lha ,eldi A4eIlid, merchant of that name, has claimed the reward for the discovery of a payable fioldfl-ld in ths North*™ T<," i ' c "7- The diggings (mates the sj. Adttrtiscr, 18'.t Joly) are eaid to be 151 miles from Port Darvrin, ibout eiyht milc, {r„m tha BiTer Gulienj andbe.' tween that river and Mount M'Lachlan. Tee country Showed fine qnsriz reefs running between formations of 8 I '* nita »i»te. The gold oountry jppaared to bs about four miles in width, and extended for eoms arknown , th> Shot waa obllined bJ I ellnvial einkir.g at a dep h of fonr feet. Some of the gold thas obtained has been exhibited in Adelaide, ' The Burnt Bridge ghost seems tshave b;en played out. The correspa dent of the Ballant Star siys:— ." connection with this ecbject tbe following is the . horses, ! ateat Mr Oampbell „ Risi ?« f," e ly p'ouehman ,' b ! ore ^J^bi, paid a visit to feed to his tns , h,ontea brick house »o get some hay Before be ' had time tn Strike a light or bless himself, he h;ard directly nnder his feet on°a-thly moaning and w g »rd^ ^ P®! 80 " 8 " motherio e. pWta™ho^Vtiaek a"^^""die^g words and signs, tried the migie of a p tohfork. A. few probes had the desired effect; the hay wai h motion, and instantly were heard, in true nautical Style, two gruff voices shontieg "All aboard.' Tbey were those of two runaway sailors, who lodged with the gheet for the night.". A condition of things that seems pretty much like living "oat of the world " is shown by tha letter of m correspondent of the Quemlander, writing from St George :—" Since the border duties cut n; off from Maitl9nd, otzr paternal Qoverament won't let us go to New South Wales, and we can't find a road anywhere else. A few of our people hare heard of a plaoe oklled Brisbane, and we are supposed t> have some means of communication with Dalby, bnt when we leave on* own do^rs we are most dr-ad* fullv bothered to find the way. A frisml of mins, the other day requested me to direct him the nearest road to Cnnnamnlla, which I am given ta enderstaad ia a rising little town of Warrego, and dae wsst from ns about 180 miles. I told him that tbe nearest way I oould 4ireob him to ga was north about 150 mil" to Mitchell Dawns, theses north-west about ICO miles to Charleville, thence tome 200 miles dowa the Warrego to Connamnlla; or else down south int* ITew South Wales, and chance it. My fri'i" 5 »P" peared awfully disgusted with the prosptot, and gars .the jobnjijin despair. " Another Australian link in the chain of evidrnss favorable to the claims of the whilom Tom <" Oastro to the Tiehborne baronetcy has been d s- oivered: -A gentleman just -arrivei from Sydney (ives as the following information. Some ! e,rs ago. Tom da Cnstro, ss he was itir. ci" "1. was "on he spree" in Sydney, land nayed ia n cer'.nn hotel in that city. Having " kn.cked down" his cash. aUrted for "the country again, leaving behind h'pi at the hotel a. hat, - which the: -landlord had kept in osae the owner ehea'd return ior. it. The landlon by accident no iced ihe name " Hoger Ticbt orne wnttm-on the. inside of Ihe lininc, but did oJt attach a:y lmpor-a^ce to it; but. eabsequfotly when the elaim of Tom de Castro to ihB bsronetcy became « come ctlebre, the came in the bat flashed on bis memory. Be did not, however, communicate bis intaUiemce toany onej frsring that he would be <3ragg®d away from hie business to go to England, but it appears that another acoident disclosed ibe ha fact lu • eeooud parsec, and ss tbe matter bwwtt aowa. Sr iff Mr J C irtte ? ? ? 