VERBAL INSPIRATION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sin,-Ahite writer in your columns has more Bun once hills med that the inspiration of the Holy Scriptures is not A orb is that this is an absurd or unten able theory , that it makes the writers more recording machines, that the Scriptures themselves do not claim it Now to nil tina, I, in common with many of your readers, do very seriously demur We believe that the one inspiration, which the Scriptures em physically ailing of themselves and constantly assume, is verbal that it is not necessarily in the constant infallibility' of the men who penned them the Christian is to have failed, but in the infallibility of what is written, that what we now possess a God's word, that inspiration is not left to his u > question of method and extent, not in the shape of a li) possess, but of a verbal fact, that God s acknof lodged words have come to us through many morUl pens, coloured by individual character, and intoned by Imman feeling, but that the words whether divinely permitted or dry mory guided as we hm Hiern on may have them, mo stamped us divine I don t propose to prove all those positions now, nor am I certain that your columns are the fittest place for their discussion, but I mean only to intimate the very simple method by which the verbal inspiration and in Hut sense the plenary inspiration of our Sometimes they In ORtahliqhod 1 As to the Old Testament, there is one for which states in ox top position in the plainest war and in words themselves inspired It is final, If! " All scripture is given by inspiration of Odd This plain statement of St. Paul assures us that all which was then in his day known to Timothy as Scuptuto, defined in v to as " the sacred writings was of divine authority, because of divine origin theopnoustio All we fallen in those Holy Books, not the import, not the thoughts, not the hallowed south monia and feeling alone, but all this as imprinted in walton words is assumed to have emanated from the Divine Spirit, in the same manner as a man's words emanate from his The same fact is planned by St Peter " The prophecy came not in old time, or at any time, " by the will of man , but holy rain spake, as they were moved by the Holy Spirit, it is the "utterance' in words is from God And how far and how often David, for example. as under the inspiring influence we know not, nor on we decide , but the Peahns, as we have them in written shape, are God's inspired with a. spirit of the Lord spake by me , Uti word wasonm? tongue 2 Sinn , -xiii 2 " Lord thou art too who by the mouth of thy servant David limb Mr Verbal inspiration, then, is not a theory, but a is a fact in respect to the sacred Hebrew writing! was at least was the faith of Paul and Peter, and the Bill of the Christian Church immediately after Pomeroy. In respect to the verbal inspiration of one half of our little we have no room left for doubt , 2 But granting this, what evidence is there verbal inspiration of what remains the New sees' 1 There is first the promise of the Lord to the Wolvo " When the Spirit of Truth íaooroe,»»'"" guide into all truth , He will show you Mungo to come, no shall teach you all things, and bring things to your remembrance whatsoever I have two unto you" John xvi, 18, 19, 20 ", 2 There is the gift with which they were ipecMW endowed, " He breathed on them and said receive the Holy Ghost John xv, 22 This was too endorse the very words that on certain occasions they should be inspired to speak and write as not j of that speak, but the Spirit of j our Father we speaketh in you -Matthew x ; 20 And Way session of this divinely íuspucdnrtonwcíWttBpuW'fU attested by the power of marchE and by geysers' confining spiritual laid Is, control rod of confidence Pentecost - Acts 1,8, 2, 1 17, to , No 3 There is their apostolic mission and command "Go ye therefore and teach all nations . ' teaching them to observe all things wBatwewr*»" commanded you and lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world;" "As my Father hath sent me, even so send I you :" Matt, xxviii., 19, 20 ; John xx., 21. 4\. There is their own repeated testimony to the verbal authority and verbal inspiration, both of their own teaching and their own written words. John affirms, " We (i.e., I and the other apostles, are of God; he that knoweth God heareth:" I John iv., 6\. Peter affirms, " We are born again ... by the work of God. And this is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you :" 1 Pet. i., 23, 25. And Paul affirms, " These things we speak, not in the words which man's wisdom teaches, but which the Holy Ghost teaches :" 1 Cor. ii., 13. And whilst Paul was still alive St. Peter instructs the Christian Church to receive with reverence " All the Epistles of Paul his beloved brother, and speaks of these as being'' then, in his time, a part of the " holy writings" which were to be classed with " the rest of the Scrip- tures." These Scriptures being; that canon " given by inspiration of God," which He had bestowed on His Hebrew Church. These heads of the argument may suffice to show that some of us at least are not prepared to renounce the verbal, and, in that sense, the plenary inspiration of our Holy Book. I am, &c.;, S. P.S.-Of course assume that the ordinary version of Tim. iii., 16, is correct; and so energetically lam prepared to maintain ; but on the other rendering, that is taking " theopneuatio" an epileptic, and not predicative, the import of St. Paul's declaration remains the same and even gains more force. The verbal inspiration is then assumed instead of affirmed. 