INSTRUCTION IN ELEMENTARY ' SCHOOLS IN ENGLAND. The following remarkable production is from the Manchester Weekly Innes, and were it not that it comes from a source to be relied upon we should feel inclined to doubt its authenticity We can inform our English contemporaries that no such ignorance would be exhibited by a boy after six years' instruction in one of the Public Schools in Tasmania - Mr. Robert 1 elkin, hon sec of the Wolverhampton branch of the National Education League, has sent to the Jin inundation Daily Post an examination paper supplied to him by the matter of an elementary school in Wolverhampton In vouching for this document, our contemporary says "Those who desire to test the value of instruction in some Government schools will do well to read a letter, published in another column, from Mr Felkm, hon sec of the Wolverhampton branch of the National Education League We have now in our possession the original examination papers appended to Mr E Elkan's letter, andean certify that the answers there cited are literally copied in print. Anything more miserable than this outcome of six years' Distinction cannot be imagined, nor anything more calculated to excite suspicion of the results actually seemed by the existing system The boy, it will be noted, passed in the sixth, that is, in the highest 'standard of examination If such a candidate, so deplorably ignorant on every subject, religion included, could pass in the sixth standard, what line of instruction can those children have received who pass in the lower standards ' Most readers of Mr. E Elkan's letter will agree with him that with such proofs before us, ' an inspection of the inspectors " is, indeed desirable The friends of real education will thank Mr 1 clever for his timely exposure of the depth of ignorance possible in even the best pupils of ' inspected ' schools As he says, ' an ounce of fact is sometimes worth a ton of opinion ' " The following is a copy of the paper - 1 VALIDATION PA! I It, JANUARY 30, 1871 Write be in the names of the ships of the week the months, seasons pores of the c compass and the divisions of the world, the standard list passed and how falls at school. The mines of the days of the week are these Monday Tuesday, 'tuesday thursday I Friday Saturday Sunday The months of year in ney 1 usefully March April Ma. June July August September October November December 1 seasons sumer anten spring winter Points of the compass are these east north west south And the divisions of the world Wolverhampton bilston illegal VVilsill 1 library could London Liverpool prestfield Dudly Allerlei AlbrUjtan colinton still 1 passed into 6 standard 5 year it St James' School dirUjnstrcet school 6 temple street s north Whit Sunday School do you attend and how long have you attendents The Parish Sunday School ?. j ear Write out a prayer-such is you use it bed time or upon getting up and i Grace before meat and the Grace after- Our 1 Father which art in heaven hallowed be thy mine Now the grace of our lord Jesus Christ and the fellowship of the holy ghost be with all david with to any ever more Alien He prevent it our title lord be sir and clever were heard this creature bless and grant that we tiny felt ill paradice with the Amen I dont knew no more So when you know about Christmas and New Year s Day - Our saviour was born on Christmas day Had therefor we always keep it in our september Ueciti c our Saviour Was confide on New vcirsDiv-, and frosty. ... three ei s after and listened into heaven and Vçlpld-a.u'irk road I roused him I hit of their sight The Under sunday jean. Write out the 5th Coiiimindment and some account of Our Lord Jesus His early life actions and dear - Holier thy 1 father and the other the days may belong in the land with the Lord God giveth the and Jesus Christ was born 111, bcihcnlcm,of Judge in the days, of hero 1 the king and Jesus begin to preach when he was but the recent years old to the people in the temple Lild tile I mc made the blind to see Lild the palsy liable the sick set up from his bed "* He was put to death by Portion Pills! and when they sat at first he said unto the twelve Apostles one of an shall betrayed me and one said to the other Lord is it 1 and he said the one of the du cth some bread 111 the nail shall betrayed me Why do we go to chapel to their Gods word and to be brought to Christ and to have Silv union in our he is not to hear what I end death Jesus Christ died for us that we my go to heaven Hld sit it Goes right handy What is a sermon for it has for us to be brought to God by his only son Jesus Christ, in 1 to tell us of the time to come I and the third of 1 is. 1 J^d and reduce the amount to half. pence s s 161 17 1 -tK 163 4 679 n in Ansel 13 448 halfpence Dictation - The shoemaker 810 if It rik mv hill 111 mending this, shoe then all 1 iv work will be done for the div he hit hails you oh my stomach hikes seens I had that day from the pwbhehouso 1 think water is pint of ale is a benerage ATTlîMl'TKIl SUICIDES AT PbXI'WDOB, VICTORIA.-. The solitary confinement that some of the prisoners, undergo in thoPontiidgo stockade appears to be 3ft irksome to them that to escape from it they will even attompttodootroytlicmsolvos. During the last week two of the prisoners made attempt to commit suicide, but in the one case at least it seems more than probable that he was merely shamming. The one was a. German named Adolph Thomas, who was serving a portion of his sentence in the solitary or A division,. He was subject to fits, and was attacked by them on several occasions while in this part of the prison. By the advice of the medical officer, he was removed to the C. division, where the prisoners are allowed to mix together and sleep in wards containing from ten to a dozen each. It appeared to the superintendent a rather remarkably and at the same time a suspicions fact, that while, TIiovIb was in this division he never once was soiEBdi with a fit. He was therefore again removed, to his silent cell to finish his time there, and again was, attacked by the fits. The doctor, however, decided, that he was only shamming, and he was therefore. allowed to remain in his cell. One night at the begin ing of last week the warder on duty heard a noise in the cell of this prisoner, and on entering it found him lying on the floor. He had torn his shirt up and formed a kind of rope. He tied his bootlaces to the ventilator, and with the rope fastened to them, he tried, or feigned to try to hang himself. The races were not strong enough to hour his weight, and they broke. He fell back upon the table smash- ing it and precipitating himself into a fit. The, other attempt was made by a prisoner named! George Edwards, who was undergoing a sentence of eight years' imprisonment. On Sunday evening, the 24th April, the warder's attention was called to a [ noise in the cell of this man. He opened the door and found Edwards lying on his back, black in the face, and almost throttled. He was groaning and moaning, but was soon released from his dangerous position. He had tied his handkerchief round his neck, and using a brush handle as a lover, hail screwed the handkerchief round and round until ks had nearly choked hjrnsajX 