ENGLISH EXTRACTS. PAPAI INFAILIBLLLTR UT GERJTAST. A movement hardly less important in its ultimate results has commenced in Germany now the war is over: I refer to the attempt of the Soman Catholic clergy to enforce the dogma of Papal Infallibility. It may be remembered that Dr. Bollinger, the eminent Theological Professor Munich, was the most determined opponent of that dogma while the Oecumenical Council was sitting. A few weeks ago the Archbishop of Munich— himself a recusant at the time—demanded that the Professor should accept the dogma within a given time on pain of excommunication. Dr. Dollinger sent a very masterly reply, which ends as follows :—" AB a Christian, as a theologian, as a historian, and as a citizen, I cannot accept this Dogma. Not as a Christian, because it is not to be reconciled with the spirit of the Gospel aud with the plain words of Jesus Christ and His Apostles; it designs that veiy establishment of the kingdom of this world which Christ disowned, and it lays claim to that rule over ereiy communion which St. Peter forbids to all and to himself, Not as a theologian, for the entire true tradition of the church makes in the opposite direction irreconcilably. Neither can I accept it as a historian, because in that capacity I Jcnow that the persistent effort to realise this theory of a kingdom of the world has cost Europe rivere of blood, has thrown whole countries into confusion, and -degraded them, has shaken the beautiful organization of the ancient church, and has engendered, reared, and sustained the yery worst abuses in the Church's bosom Finally, as a citizen I must repudiate this doctrine, because by the claim which it jnakes on the submission of States and Sovereigns, and by the exceptional position which it claims for the clerical body, it lays the foundation of endless and ruinous disputes between the State and the Church, between the clergy and the iaity. In conclusion I cannot conceal from myself that this Dogma, the result of which was the rain of the old German kingdom, would now, if it were to govern the Catholic part of the German nation, forthwith lay the seeds of incurable decay in that new empire which has just been erected." The Professor, who had offered to go to Falda to debate the question, has now been formally excommunicated! What will be the result ? The King of Bavaria, who is strongly opposed to Ultramontanism, declares that he will retain the Doctor in his position at the Chapel Royal, and refuses to allow the dogma to be proclaimed from the pulpits of Bavaria. The Prussian Government have done the same, and the Catholic members in the German Parliament, who number 73, have been beaten on the temporal power of the Pope, which they want the new Empire to restore. " The German Government," says the Berlin correspondent of the Times, "are natu- rally averse from a doctrine placing a large number of their subjects under the irresponsible eway of a terrestrial divinity; but what to them is primarily a matter of polity will eventually become to the religious an incentive to reform." No fewer than 44 of the 62 professors and lecturers of the Munich University have jsigned an address to the Doctor, commending his opposition, and urging him to constitute himself the champion of Liberalism in the Catholic Church. He has also received large numbers of approving addresses from all parts of Germany. The example set by Dr. Dollinger has been followed in Switzerland, by men whose position is less known, but whose firmness is not less deserving of notice, professors Hilgers^ Langen, and Beutsch have been suspended as Roman Catholic priests for having failed to give in their recantation within the prescribed time. There are now five Swiss Professors who have been suspended because of their refusal to recognise the dogma of infallibility. The Government of Lucerne have refused to suspend a priest at the request of the Bishop. In Austria also there is much excitement on the subject. Dr. fSchulte, a professor of canonical law at Prague, waa until recently, it is said, one of the ablest and most zealous members of the Ultramontane party, but he has published a work on "The Power of the Soman Popes," in which he strongly opposes the dogma, and the Inquisition at Borne has placed it on the iudex of forbidden books. The Municipal Council at Vienna has voted an address of sympathy and gratitude to Dr. Dollinger, and sent a petition to the Government urging that the relations between Church and State should be legally regulated, and steps taken to prevent ecclesiastical abuses. A young priest named Patersani {has been deprived, in the Austrian capital, for preaching universal toleration, end expressing his sympathy with Dollinger. The whole of Austria is more or less jnoved by the struggle between the German scholars and the Pope. A letter from Munich, dated Monday,says—"The priests used all their influence to prevent the alliance with Prussia, declaring such an alliance with heretics to be against the interests of the Church. In one sense they were right. The impulse which has been given by the war to the general life of the nation has not been without effect on religion, and begins to ghow itself, where least expected, in an awakened longing for religious freedom. The spirit has extended to the outlying Austrian provinces. In Salzburg and the little villages round it, where I was roaming a few days ago, the same tale was to be heard. Die Protestanten nehmen zu' (the Protestants c are increasing), "I was told over and over again." But the priests will make a hard fight of it." It looks very much as though a new reformation were impending, of which Dr. Dollinger will be the Luther. A THEATY has just been concluded between Canada and British Columbia, j and the Confederation of British America I now stretches from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean, and contains a larger area than the United States. The Dominion undertakes to pay a subsidy to Columbia for the payment of its officials, and it also engages to construct a railway connecting the Canadian network of lines with the Pacific Ocean. This is to be finished within ten years. British Columbia grants a strip of land twenty miles broad all the way the line is to run as its contribution to the expense of the under taking, and Canada guarantees a million and a half of dollars a year, being the interest at five per cent, per annum on 25,000,000 dollars. The length of the line from Lake Nipissing to the Pacific will be about 2500 miles, of which 700 miles are in Ontario. On March 26, Hannah Peeney, a native and resident of King's Lynn, completed the 100th year of her age. The old lady is a widow, aud is an inmate of oue of the almshouses. A few days since a young miner, " for a lark," put a live mouse down the back of a girl thirteen years old, of Bilston. This had such a terrible effect upon the nervous system of the child that for three weeks she has been in a half- idiotic state, and subject to fits, though previously she was perfectly healthy. The boy was fined forty shillings for a common assault. The tribe of Epping Forest gipsies have for some time past been encamped in a field leading out of Binaey-lane, adjacent to Oxford, and a few days since they gave a ball on the greensward under capacious tents, which in the afternoon was attended by many of the leading dignitaries of the University and city with their wives and families, and in the evening by a more numerous though less dignified company. While the Dons patronised the enterprising wanderers freely, the undergraduates lof the Uuiversity were debarred the privilege, as the Senior Proctor had issued an order warning all undergraduate members of the University not to attend the gipsies* ball. The gathering proved a great pecuniaiy success to the gipsies, who, it is only fair to state, conducted themselves with great decorum. An Italian journal states that the Khedive has refused to deliver up t'o the Government at Constantinople certain forts and barracks upon the banks of the Bed Sea, which the Porte had demanded with the view of providing healthy quarters for the Turkish garrisons in the Bed Sea. According to the same journal, the Khedive had issued instructions to make provisions for torpedoes along the shores of Alexandria and Port Said. The negotiations by the Duke of Sutherland for the purchase of the Suez Canal have been brought to a successful issue. The Shah of Persia has recalled his ambassador from Constantinople. The wooden vessels of the Turkish navy are to be sold, the proceeds te be employed in the construction of gunboats and monitors for service on the Danube. The Roumanian Minister jjhas received satisfactory intelligence from Buckarest. Three Methodist clergymen, Messrs. McDonald, Boole, and Inskip, are about to start for the Pacific Slope on a missionary tour with a tent large enough to hold a congregation of 4000. They will make a stay at Salt Lake, and there set up an opposition canvas tabernacle to that of Brigham Young. Many of the Mormons were Methodists, and wish to return to their old persuasion. It is thought that some will respond 'to the call which the travelling clergymen will make to an old-fashioned camp-meeting, a regular revival, which will prove an irresistible attraction to those in whom it recalls the religious fervour of former days. It may here be mentioned that while some Methodists are on a proselytising expedition, others are ready to do a good stroke of business. A Society in Massachusetts has sold its place of worship and parsonage to the Boman Catholics for 12,000 dols. An affecting occurrence took place on the 25th March at Galveston, Texas. The Rev. Benjamin Eaton, for thirty years rector of Trinity Church, in that town, was stricken with death in the face of the congregation, while engaged in the services of the sanctuary. He was a manofHberal education, his early training having been given him at Eton, and at Trinity College, Dublin, in which city he was born, about the year 1805. On the 16th Januaty, 1841, he was installed in the pastoral charge of the religious community to whom his last energies were devoted. On the morning of the 25th March, 1871, he conducted the whole service, reading the Morning Prayer, and giving out psalm and hymn, and afterwards preaching the sermon. The hymn was "Nearer, my God to Theeand the text of the discourse was " There is yet room." It is recorded in the local papers that he spoke with unusual fervour until towards the close, when it was evident that his physical strength was giving way, and a gentleman stepped forward to ius assistance. A breathless silence prevailed for a moment, when, attempting to pronounce the ascription, he fell backwards in the arms of his friend, and soon after expired. " And now to God"—this broken sentence of homage constituted his last words. The deceased clergyman was greatly beloved by his paarishioners, and bis death, under circumstances of such peculiar interest and solemnity, created a profound sensation among au classes of the people. He left a sister living near Belfast in Ireland, with whom it had been his purpose to spend the remainder of his days, after the completion of a chapel now in course of erection in Galveston. But it was otherwise ordered. Many thousands of poor women throughout the countiy are interested in decision that has just been rendered by a New York judge, to the effect that a sewing-machine cannot be seized for debt. In the case of " Campe v. Singer," in , the Marine Court of this city, a woman sued tho city marshal for her sewingmachine seized by him under a judgment from one of the district courts. The judge held that the machine was exempt from seizure on two grounds—first, as being necessary household furniture; and second, as being used by the plaintiff to earn her livelihood; and be gave judgment in the sum of 8S dollars, the price of the machine, which interest from the date of seizure. Furthermore, regarding the conduct of the marshal as a trespass, he gave 10 dollars a week in damages for the time the owner had been deprived of the machine. There has been a dreadful calamity at Victoria "West. On Monday, Eebruaiy 27, a heavy flood, caused by a waterspout, commenced at nine p.m., and lasted until three o'clock next morning. Upwards of 100 lives were lost, and thirty houses swept away, a great number of the inhabitants being left without shelter or food. The Governor, Sir Heniy Barkly, has arrived at the diamond fields. The find have been extraordinarily numerous and valuable. During the fortnight prior to the leaving of the last mail the largest diamonds fonndare given as of the following sizes :—93 carats, 44, 32, 16, 14, and several of 10 and 12 carats. The 93- carat diamond was found by two Dutchmen at Cawood's Hope, and is said to be a splendid gem. The ship Bayswater, belonging to thefBlack Ball line, anchored in Table Bay on the 25th of February, after a passage of seventy days from Liverpool, having on board some sixty or seventy passengers who had come to the colony in search of diamonds. On Christmas day a very serious disturbance occurred on board, which resulted in several seamen being placed in irons, after one man had been accidentally shot through the arm. The mutineers were tried at Capetown and sentenced to twelve weeks' imprisonment with hard labor, one of them to an extra three months for assaulting a passenger. Fires were frequent on Table Mountain during February, and on the night of the 27th, in particular, there was an unusually bright spectacle, a line of flame extending round the whole face of the Devil's Peak and down the gorge which divides the Peak from the Table Mountain, and then along the ridges and furrows of that mountain. At Algoa Bay very little wool had come to hand during the previous fortnight, and transactions had consequently been limited. A few parcels of superior scoured wool, snow-white, had changed hands at a trifling advance on last quotations, and the demand for countiy scoured continued steady. Of fleece-washed wool there had been very few superior clips offered, and purchasers found it difficult to complete orders from the reduced stock on hand. From Natal we learn that a petition had been adopted in Pietermaritzburg, praying the Queen to take measures to end the long-standing contest between the Executive and Legislative Councils, by placing beyond dispute the privileges conferred by the charter. This petition had been rejected in D'Urban, and another, confined to the political question, was in preparation. The prorogation of the Legislative Council was made on January 24. It would assemble again on the 1st of May. Mr. T. Baines, the traveller, had arrived in Maritzburg, and reported an extraordinary yield of gold from quartz-crushing at the Northern gold-fields. The GraJiatnstown Journal has received a letter from Queenstown, stating that an express had just reached that place with news of a diamond of 119 carats found by a Fort Beaufort party. It is said to be a most beautiful gem—perfect, and of the first water. Two housebreakers were brought up last week in Greenwich, who told such an odd but satisfactory story that they were at once released. Of ail places iu the world the Crown and Sceptre is the centre of this "tale of romance and mystery." "Whitebait—not wonders and supernatural visitations—have hitherto formed the staple of that amphibious hostelry; but henceforward it possesses a ghost of its own, and will be licensed to retail spiritual as well as spirituous articles. The proprietor, it seems, was informed by a neighbor on the previous Sunday evening that two suspicious individuals had been seen to enter the empty house adjoining his premises, " Mine host" proceeded to the spot, and there discovered a couple of apparently guilty miscreants—one holding open a cellar door, and the other groping about in the gloom like another Guido Fawkes. The nocturnal visitants refused to furnish any account of themselves, and were straightway given into custody. Next day, when they were brought before the Bench they gave their names and addresses like honest people; while their appearance, far from being burglarious, was extremely respectable. What did they, then, at that dark hour upon the premises adjoining the Crown and Sceptre ? Ono of the two, a Mr. Bichard Ball, spoke up for himself and his companion, Mr. Samuel Savage. He explained to the majesty of justice, that the house which they were accused, in the stern phraseology of the indictment, of " entering for an unlawful purpose," had formerly been occupied by his father and grandfather before him, who carried on the business of tallowchandleiy." " When my father died," the prisoner said, " his last words to us were, ' Look under the stairs ; there you will find a lot of money.'" This remarkable observation seems to have been neglected at the time—whether because the dying chandler was otherwise incoherent, or because filial feelings overwhelmed the son, we are not informed. But latterly a strange and repeated monition had come to Mr. Ball, junior. For several nights the spirit of his sire had appeared, and pronounced the emphatic words, " Under the stairs /" Once aud twice the vision haunted Mr. Bichard Ball in vain; but' when it came the third time, like a modern Hamlet he took counsel with his Horatio, Mr. Samuel Savage, and the two determined upon action. On the supposition that the empty house door would be found merely latched, they resolved to " have a look;" and, accordingly, when the Greenwich folk were quiet and the dusk had fallen, the two friends repaired to the deserted tenement, and proceeded to make an examination. At this thrilling moment the landlord of the Crown and Sceptre stepped in; so that it i?, as yet, impossible to say whether the ghost's word was worth anything. The truth of the prisoner's statement as to the demise of tho tallow-chandler being confirmed, both the accused were at once discharged. Out of common respect for public curiosity, tho search must now be prosecuced • for, though the stairs in question have been removed, their situation is known, or perhaps the ghost was indifferent to such a detail, and spoke, as Mr. Disraeli would say, "historically." On s the other theoiy, if he was but a visionary impostor, the midnight product of an indigestible supper, the sooner he is laid the better for all believers in supernatural visitants. At the Seventh Hussar Steeplechases at Hopgrove, near York, on Saturday, Lord Marcus Beresford was " welshed " of £5. To that amount His Lordship made a bet with a well-got-up stranger in the riug, and winning and wanting his money, he had the mortification to find that the stranger had flown. Out of this circumstance au extraordinary scene took place at the Sheriff Hutton Steeplechases on Tuesday. The " welsher" before referred to was present, and Lord Marcus Beresford also. To bring the two together gave prospect of sport of another character than that set down in the programme. His Lordship was therefore " put on " to the " welsher," and at once recognising the fugitive of Saturday, seized and held him with the strength of a vice. A request from his lordship to give up the £5 was met with a denial from the " welsher" that he was the " Simon Pure." Receiving assurance, however, from others about who had seen the bet made that he had got hold of the right man, his lordship at once set to work and gave the fellow a thrashing. A further chance was then given to "settle,"' but whilst virtually admitting that he had made the bet the fellow disclaimed that he had any money upon him; whereupon the crowd indulged in the course of searching him, and took from his pockets 8s. or 9s. in silver, and from the inside of his waistcoat, within tho lining of which they found stitched four sovereigns in gold. This was handed over to his lordship in part settlement of his claim, after which the " welsher," bruised and disfigured in feature and tattered and torn in attire, was allowed to go. He is known amongst the racing fraternity by the name of Poole. 