SOME CHAPTERS FROM THE RECOLLECTIONS OF GEOFFRY HAMLYN. His brother-in-law tried iu vain with a strong party to reach the lake, but never succeeded. What mountain it was he discovered, or what river is fed by the lake he lived on, no man knows to this day. Some say he went mad, and lived in the ranges all the time, and that this was all a mere madman's fancy. But, whether he wa9 mad or not then, he is 6ane enough now, and has married & wife, and settled down to be oneol tne most tnnvmg men in tnat part of tne ; country/ ♦ j 'k Well,' said the Doctor, thrusting his fists deep j into his breeches pockets, 'I don't believe that story.' | ''Nor I either. Doctor,' I replied. 'But it has - amused you all for half an hour ; so let it*pass.' | ' Oh !' said the Doctor, rather peevishly, 'if you j put it on those grounds, t am bound, of course, to withhold a few little criticisms I was inclined to make ! on its probability. I hope you won't go and pap it off as authentic, you know, because if we once begin to entertain these sort of legends as meaning anything, the whole history of the country becomes one great fo'-bank, through which the devil himself could not find his way.' 'Now, for my part,' said mischievous Alice, 'I think it a very pretty story. And I have no doubt that it is every word of it true.' uOh, dear me, then,' said the Doctor, 'let us vote it true. And, while we are about it, let us believe that the Sydney ghost actually did sit on a three-rail fence, smoking its pipe, and directing an anxious crowd of relatives where to find its body. By all means let us believe everything we hear.' The next morning our pleasant party suffered a loss. Captain Brentwood and Alice went off home. He was wanted there, and all things seemed so tranquil that he thought it was foolish to stay away any longer. Cecil Mayford, too, departed, cariying with him the affectionate farewells of the whole party. His plea sant even temper, and his handsome face, had won everyone who knew him, and, though he never talked much, yet, when he was gone, we all mused nis merry laugh, after one of Deaborough's good stories. Charley Hawker went off with him, too, and spent a few hours with Ellen Mayford, much to his satisfaction, but came in again at nightr as his mother had prayed of him not to leave the Major's till he had seen her again. I That night, the major proposed punch, and, after Mr. Buckley had gone to bed Sam sang a song, and Dgs borough told a story, about a gamekeeper of his uncle's, whom the old gentleman desired to start in an indepen dent way of business. So he built him a new house, and gave him a keg of whiskey, to start in the spirit selling line. 44 But the first night,' said Desborough, 44 the /villain finished the whiskey himself, broke the keg, and burnt the house down ; so my uncle had to take him back into service again after all. ' And after this came other steries, preposterous, and we went rather late to bed. And the next morning, too, lam afraid, we were rather late for breakfast. Just as we were sitting down, in came Captain Brentwood. ' Hallo,' said the Major; 44 what brings you back so soon, old friend. Nothing the matter, I hope ?' 4k Nothing but business,' he replied. 44 1 am going on to Dickson's, and I shall be back home to-night, I hope. I am glad to find you so late, as I have had no breakfast, and have ridden ten miles.' He took breakfast with us and went on. The morn ing passed somewhat heavily, as a morning is apt to do after sitting up late and drinking punch. Towards noon Desborough said — 44 Now, if anybody will confess that Jhe drank just three drops too much punch last night, I will do the same. Mrs. Bucklcy, my dear lady, I hope you will order plenty of pale ale for lunch.' Lunch passed pleasantly enough, and afterwards the Major, telling Sam to move a table outside into the verandah, disappeared, aud soon came back with a veiy ''curiouB1' bottle of Madeira. We sat then in the verandah smoking for about a quarter of an hour. I remember every word that was spoken, and every trivial circumstance that happened during that quarter of an hour ; they are burnt into my memory as if by fire* Tho Doctor was raving about English poetry, as usual, saying, however, that the modern English poets, good as they were, had lo3t the power of melody a good deal, This the Major|denied, quoting: — ' By torch and trumpet fast array'd.' 44 Fifty such lines, Bir, arenot worth one of Milton's,' said the Doctor. ' ' The trumpet spake not to the armed throng.' There's melody for you ; there's a blare and a clang ; there's a ? ' I heard no more. Mrs. Buckley's French clock, in the house behind, chimed three quarters past one, and I heard a sound of two persons coming^quickly through the house'.' Can you tell the step of him who brings evil tidings ? I think I can. At all events, I felt my heart grow cold when I hean} those footsteps. I heard them coming | through the house, across tho boarded floor. The one wa$, a rapid, firm, military footstep, accompanied with , the clicking of a spur, and the other was unmistakably j the 4- pad, pad' of a black-fellow. I We all turned round and looked at the door. There ! stood tho sergeant of Dcsborough's troopers, pale and silent, and cloao behind him, clinging to him as if for protection, was the lithe naked figure of a black lad, looking from behind the sergeant, with terrified visage, ' nrst at one and then at anotner ol us. I saw disaster in their faces, and would have held up my hand to warn him not to speak before Mrs. Buckley. But I was too lato, for he had spoken, And then we sat for a minute, looking at one another, each man seeing the reflection of his own horrorfin his neighbour's eyes. 