LINES FOUND LAST MONDAY WEEK IN THE VICINITY OF THE SUPREME COURT. I SHALL not to their banquet go, Nor shall I my displeasure show, Although the praise to me they owe They give Sir JAMES— And seem as if they did not know My higher claims. 'Twas I alone who stood the shock Throughout the whole of the Deadlock; Yet these poor dullards go to soak In still champagne, And twaddle o'er the sparkling hock That should be mine. My silver voice has lost its power, When dullness pleases for an hour, And weakness has become a tower Of party strength; Poor drivellers drivel, grim and sour, At such a length. Why banquet now the battle's lost? Why quaff the cup with idle boast? Sweet Liberty gives up the ghost In this great land; No joy to mortal shall I toast, By my right hand, While BUCKINGHAM, so proud of heart, Still acts the vile oppressor's part; With ROGERS helping, with great art Of tongue and pen, To make these loyal numskulls smart-- Slaves—not free men. Let those who liberty despise Put on a loyal knave's disguise, But 1 shall not act so unwise Or so untrue; I have one aim before my eyes— That's crush the two. Sir JAMES, with all his little men, So rude in speech, unskilled in pen, May o'er their cups grow jolly when They shun a foe; But it would suit them better, then, To strike a blow. But no; contentedly they rest, To do as BUCKINGHAM thinks best, And will not fight that they may wrest From him the power— Each now drinks deep, a traitor's guest, This very hour. Ye powers! have I not seen enough Of men made of that washy stuff, Who o'er their cups can gorge and puff So very large— Yet, who recoil from dangers bluff, At the first charge? May my blood in these fiery veins Be charged with everlasting pains, And may the spark that lights these brains Grow cold and dim, If I should banquet while vile chains Bind every limb Of this spoon-suckled, infant State— Poor object of a parent's hate, Cursed by a vile impending fate. I can foresee, That BUCKINGHAM shall rule elate From sea to sea. And while we are imperilled so, I shall not feast with Bendigo, But let these servile drudges go And strive to please; Their cups, if made to overflow, Their chains may ease. No more shall I with men combine In politics, or yet in wine, Until I find those who incline, In warlike mood, The BUCKINGHAM-cum-ROGERS line To crush for good. Then shall King GEORGE be lifted up, And he shall quaff a royal cup, And with his subjects he shall sup In kinglike style; While guns by the immortal KRUPP Shall rouse the isle. G. H.—Brighton. 