THE TRAVELLER. OVER THE FALLS AUD OUT Off THE OCEAH. BEING AN ACCOUNT OF SOME DANGEROUS EX PEDITIONS IN A ROB ROY CANOE, IN N.Z., IN SEABCB OF GOLD. BzF.ILG.S. I (CONTINUED.) It now became a question to consider whom I could induce to accompany me in my some what hazardous cruse. As a novelty, the canoes soon became quite the rage, and my Mends were paddling about the smooth waters of the well-protected harbour, and con stantly capsizing when they attempted to saQ, from morning till night, to the frequent loss of my cushions and general damage to the boats. I think a certain coachbuilder there must have realised a small fortune in cushions alone. Some of the more adventurous would, on a very calm day, venture to paddle gently oat ride at low water, and come back with the flood, but I noticed that they never did more than round the " Bell-buoy, and returned in haste, flying quickly down the ".tide rip." for fear of the sharks, whose favourite cruising ground it is, being at the mouth of the River Waimea. I could seldom get one venturous enough to go out about a mile with me. to a certain black buoy that used to be placed on the bar. At length I began to despair, and to think that I should finally have to go alone, for the idea of giving up a scheme I had so thoroughly set my mind upon was never entertained for an Instant. At length fate favoured me with. I think, the plsasantest, pluckiest, most amusing, and persevering mate it has ever been my good look to travel in company with. His surname was that of a bird, but whether it was that of a starling, a rook, or a barn-door fowl doesn't much matter to the reader; It will be much shorter and less personal to give him his Christian nameofTom, and Tom, therefore, he remaineth to the end of the chapter, He was a short, thickset, broadshouldered chap, and very powerful in the arms; indeed, although bis profession was that of a farmer upon the Waimea plains, be was one of the best horsebreakers in Nelson. He had watched the building of the Sandfly up at the mill, and had galloped beside as on the river bank, watching us shoot the falls, till ha got into a rocky, bad bit of road, and had to pull up, and before he could pat on the steam again we were several miles on onr watery route. He was one of the few now who occasionally took a "spin" in either one or the other, bat be never capsized, nailing or paddling. I could see he had the knack of working them, under sail or without; in a rough seaway or smooth water, and never took the sharks into consideration at all; and let me state, that for people who have not the knack, to go oat to sea in a canoe is foolish; they might just as well, and perhaps more safely, go to sea in a washing-tab at once. The member of the English Canoe Club who crossed the English Channel in a canoe, and entirely lost sight of land when half way. across, must have had knack and courage both. It was now the commencement of March, and fine autumn weather, and I knew it would not do to wait much longer; There was little or nothing doing op on the farms, the harvest was in, and men wereresting be fore the winter's work began. Tom and I were out at the furthest buoy, with oar paddles lying athwartahipe, idly rising and falling on the smooth-surfaced ground swell that came rolling in from the bay, the opposite ride of which, with its wooded monntainB, and its tiny white houses at their feet* though 20 miles away, loomed quite dose in the autumn haze. ? Puffing fct my pipe; Lthought' I would stefkfctfatrtiiat blow. . " Tommy.'' said X using the expressive vernacular of Artwnqs Ward, "Ithink mncblyofjouJ.. - >..???> . < . - "Hum r tepliedThomaS. "wishl ftonld return the^otriplimentl" -.ft went^onanol » LL **'? to- .W'to a aaB .over to; Motoeta. Tomr . . .. . * ? " No wind/' mu the curt reply. ''WdItaf>addleQv«r!" to* iln thewTooiooi! repliedjtheAauBoas*ndiar4eeinK K^^at, »«> sariepin^theboata, weather like this^sSa: we must consider ourselves as geaaewilh ttifcwfow dipped, l)«*UM we,bo«ldn't fly.' lopenedmyti^ IS& iSffrS? \ ;watered mm M.a ArtemM Waity vjmiJus iutare ywife gave; mmthatarawer, iMrooooioodod tturtKwW' «J*ff ^ins sBenoeufl wwdfl into tbe strong rip, soon whirled past Jhe hoary and storm-wtfefted'old PKesbira jtpck that stands sentinel at the' month of tbe haven, with its seagulls everlastingly sitting at its foot placidly/gazing1 down into the pellncid depths for toeir evening meal, and looking as if they had sat there ever since volcanic action baa forced up the old rock into its present position, and paddled gently down the harbonr, with it* shrubbery-embowered coitages and Norfolk- Island pines reflected in the water below, put the great ocean steamer alongside the wharf, Waiting to take our mail to far-away old England, past the smaller coasting steamers, past the bluff bowed, flat-sided old barque that had brought as goods from home, past a .whole fleet of coasters, large and smalL till we rounded a comer, and Nelson, the city of the garden of New Zealand, lay before us, lovely in the evening son. The windows of the church on the hill flashed and glittered* and the whole of tbe beantifnl town glowed and seemed bathed in tbe sunset rays. Though perhaps it may never be my fortune to set foot in It again, I shall never forget how that lovely and picturesque little city looked on that par ticular evening. I have since visited Sydney, Launceston, and HobartTown, all singular for their beauty, bnt give me Nelson at sunset seen from the harbour on a fine autumn evening! Those who have been there and read this will I am sure agree with me. Bat see, the snn has dipped behind the Motneka range, and the whole town imme diately shrouds itself in a giey mist and it is getting chilly, so we proceed to "stable" the canoes, and having seen them safely suspen ded in their slings we lock the door, and walking slowly homewards to tea we discuss our plans, and devise preparations for the morrow, and fix upon a day, weather permit ting, for a start. Tbe following were the stores we found necessary to take with us, and tbe reader may possibly be puzzled to know where we stowed them, bnt except a little care in the packing and unpacking at our camping places we found it a tolerably easy matter. The canoes were not the little co&leshells; that figure on the Upper Yarra and the Albert lagoon, but roomy, travelling canoes. The longest was over 14ft., and allowing 3ft. 6in. for one's legs, there was still 10ft. 6in. left under the deck, fore and aft, for stowage. The only difficulty we had to contend with (and that only at the first start)) was the placing of the weights- evenly, so that not only should the canoe be upon an even keel, bnt that no more weight should be distributed in one compartment than in the other. We fonnd that when fully loaded, and ourselves in our places, the eanoea were sunk exactly lin. more than ordinary; and* this made them all the steadier for sailing purposes. (Of course, all these things were packed to occupy the smallest possible space.); First and foremost; a pocket compass, not for navigating purposes (for we were never oat of eight of una, and at this time e£ tbe year there were no fogs), bat for inland bush travelling, where, without one, a man would soon miss bis way, and die of starvation and fatigue, miles oat of his coarse; a tent (canvas) 15 x 10, a calico "fly" for same, and a fire " fly " (N.B.-Not the insectof that name, but a large piece of stoat calico to protect a fire overhead, like a roof, in wet weather); an opossum rag and two doable blankets; a pea jacket apiece, which we sat upon en, voyage, and which, folded npand tied roand with a piece of flax, served for a pillow at night: a stoat pair of watertight kneeboots- each for wading and bash-travelling, which had to be packed with the rest, for at sea we wore nothing bat a Crimean shirt, a pair of light trcasers tamed up to the knees, and a straw hat; a revolver (in case of pigs), and plenty of cartridges and caps, several boxes of wax vestas and a few boxes of Vesuvians (N.B. We also took care to pat these latter in a separate canoe from the powder, &&), a docen candles, a little looking-glass, a small fryingpan, a large tin " billy,." two- tin mags, two tin plates, knives, forks, and spoons, a> small pick, a diminutive shovel, and a tin dish, in which were packed several pounds of sugar, one pound of salt, a little pepper, half a-dozen tins of Liebig's essence of beef, and a tin. of pease powder to add to it, a piece of bacon and some cheese j. a bottle of chloio dine, some fish-hooks ana lines; a few books, and bust, bat not least, two qparfc bottles of brandy, and considering we con templated, when we started, being a month away "from the haunts of men," naif a pint per week per man was not an extraordinary allowance. Alas for the brilliant hopes with which we started, half of that m»n allowance had to suffice ns. Sat I mast not forestall my story. Stop! I had forgotten the biscuits, of which we carried a good-sued bag. These articles, in addition to our masts,, sails, booms, and paddles, made a pretty close fit; but we soon leant the art of quick and convenient stowage; We had also a toma hawk for catting tent poles and pegs, and also for chopping firewood, and a sheath knife apiece. Altogether, I don't consider we had a single thing (even to our brace of towels) too much, and we certainly waated for nothing; We decided, after loading the canoes and taking a trial "nnn** with them, ander sail, and paddle; of which' the .result was satis* factory/to cross the bay in aamaH steamer that plied over to the GoIUhgwood ride, to save time, and having reached the point we wished, to ration along the coast in the csnoeg, exploring the creeks and lagoons; and camping wherever we fonnd it neoeesaiy. Accordingly, th« afternoon of March the 19ul 186% saw ns and oar canoee on tbe deck tif titie Lady Hotham, paddlesteamer (about SO tons more or less), taking leave of oar sym ism's wheels put ns ontof «arshot of their HAM mi l * T » llfL M b Ht. !i . -It's .. id IF »ftl! .*.: 1. M.-n *. h<"> rtliv I.' ' i the ""PfinfiifinSFVtCST' "So itwas notwithoat *;taMUWW W*-' ftttfttght/'iri the'tifcitf of' th6fHttI&' 6raXt;iiM»««o(j* thfcHf WfflrltPeKtr next day aoou® noon, wnen hia electors were calmly nuiukiur|{' the poat-prftadlst pipe out sidBr^rirrtOTtl^rs, j^ittcrfaja tof£«jbl»kiKg; furlBuslyall aown the principal street" sitting bim as if heWdWpaH; df *h£bs<[tt. - 'Heneed nefQr h#Yte 8fe?e® them anoratitmhadihbbe&i;) so disposed. The approving nod* daring tbofee few,(minn^dttpreset$te4«s manywatosMaudi PrinCfti^wOk ,hadi be joome > forward! to contest the seat, would nqbliave had the ghost of a chaptefigain&khim; lK ... ».? ; Doringthe titnewevnors tekingBtoak of horse and rider, however, m and: the member (thatwas tofce) were standing i ion- the bri4ge on the port sida and as (he canoes' *rererfe posinte likewisei'611the port'p&ddleibo;*, «at< united' weights save' die little vesselfcdeoided list,' as ,sailota> -termc ib- do ttiel6aptain roared out inavoioe of furjv «-Never, since I have commandedthe Laay Hotham, hfcs thisjocciirJed before 1 Comedown, all ofve,' off my bridge, where ye'veno call to be Mali1! ? D'yetant to capfeiee us all with your fooleries?" Banting with" laughter j (which made hfm> worse)t we descended about 5ft. to the deck below, and noticed'how our navigation was conducted. I marked that if two or three' of the passengers walked to one side of the craft, the skipper' roared' oat ? to ? his Only sailor "BillI pail thai foie-boom over, will yer?" this being to oounteract our weighton the other side. Finally, we all sat down on the only hatch she boasted ofamidships, and the captain, with a glance of hatred towards as, as if we> had been his natural enemies,' plunged into the little cabin aft, and lay down' on the cushions. Bill (the before-mentioned) wasfloon1 asleep on the hatchway, the solitary' engineer was dozing over a novel at the entrance of his engine-house (on deck), and the wheel was laBned amidships. We were creeping along the coast, about five miles off it, about three knots anhour, and the captain below appeared, to be watching the tell-tale coiqpius above him, to see if she was steering ' herself straight, until he fell asleep. Bin every now ana then would rouse himself lazily, and take a look at the coast, and then, finding it all right; would flop down again for another snooze, with a satisfied grunt The sea was- like glass, there wasn't a breath of wind, the sun was powerful, and the noise of the little engine, with its "bump, bump, whack-bang"bump, bump, whack-hang!" was monotonous -and soporific, and I Verily believe that for fully half anhour not one living thing was awake on board the Lady Hotham but the chesnut horse that-was to " buck" our friend into Parliament. I almost think the engine -itself-went to sleep, and only spoke mechanically in its dreams. I know Tommy and 1 slept the Slefep of the just, mingled only fas far as I mySelr was individu ally conoerned) by dreams of sharks, iron bound shores, and leaky canoes, the result, no doubt, :of our mends" parting admoni tions. All things, however, have'oh end, and I Was awoke by the Budden stopping of the ''-bump, bump,' whack-bang!" followed by a wheezing,1 asthmatic sound, as of a steam-pipe trying to blow itself off with a bad influenza cold on it W the time, and found-to my astonishment the scene was en tirely <&6nged.' " All hands" were awake this time, ilnd the steamer had actually steered herself straight, for we were' just floating up alongside Motueka jetty, and instead of the open bay all around us, the grand old hills, clad with weir lofty forests of pine, now towered. above as, and at their feet nestled the little coaBt village of Motueka. Five or sir in habitants aame IftSaly smoking down the jetty when the Lady Hotnam's shrill little penny whistle made itself heard, and after some strong language and much gesticulation on the part of our irascible little skipper, we got made last to one of the piles for the purpose of landing the horse aha rider. That was the fun! I see it all before me now!. The sun getting low, and the shadows long, the horse (knowing brute 1), judging that a favourable opportunity would shortly occur for kicking somebody, pricked up his ears. The captain, acting toe part of commander of the Lady Hotham (and standing amidships for fear of upsetting his noble craft)BilL with fear and trembling, standing on the bulwarks, and passing a sling under the horse's -belly; and the townsmen above (for it was low water,-and the.jetty was 15 feet above us): standipfgby-the.crane on 'the wharf-end, ready to tau-tinto the -windlass, and hoist up the baft* jumper as soon as his sling-was made fast to.tne crane-chain hook.': The end of the rope of the halter-was handed up . to his owner; who had clambered op the rude', per pendicolar stops onto the wharf, and hoisting np began. Tne horse feelingthe pressure underneath him, ' lashes out vigorously at everybody and everything near him; bat in a few seconds he is doubled-up by the belt and off his feet, swinging round bud round, and up he goes, tilLhe geU above the level of the wharf, when he- is landed,' and the question arises, Who dates gb near him to unhook the sling- hoofcThifl his master himself does, and after adealof patting and coaxing, leads him gingerly and i carefully along the narrow jetty till he gets himself eafely upon the hard sand, when he tightens the girths, and is in an instant inthasaddle. / By; this: time ire had -all;damberbd c np .on' the wharf :to , see ;the start,:? and a rum .tart it was.- 'The: instant :the brute felt his .aidtoV weight ;tin-:#ie ^saddle <he set-to bucking in the most artistic fashion all down &e; -beach, thi Mutate honourable niemberjstickinito hissadilelikeiabriofc. " He's .off!*- llrfa. not I't-rtf He's d<rtra'l" 'No! werefcllthe words that* were hMcdiamongst.ua, -.till honer and rider a#proaohed 'a gap.in fi Aotr. sandnliffi where the road was, ana disappeared<from: our gaze' in the rttiastlapprotad theatrical;Style, the i last view^jTe^faivd oi thapaij^being -a daiwi and hia-jddtetftofa^ng-^t^t jrith^ his up lifted arm/ AiTthickv<^*ufc#*iacki"l. long: enough toftirl wnmdhlfti, withtha ftxoe of a > pile-ariver.< «(Having <witneased^<thisiilittle .pisode.'ltolToiirtctflthleoommaqderofihB' *«ady Hotham wai&eardupltfted; in tonbs of authority, iflii all £the ipasseiigerii (Tom and ' *ne) to '^Mitae aboard," so .down1 we tumbled,' <| and wefet inttt the itiny-cuddy tol tda, juit as the-, ^'dtmmp!( ^ Wmp;l ^whacfebangi" ' a^ounMdithat-Blilihad-resamed'his^nap; 4 the engineer ids Advsl,' and the > engine her .ueamsaeatajDvtt-i'o At tea} the' \-- "afttMfrfdli ' t»|k ^te| _ . r«»W&i5nt;'"-,wr'' 1'SOrtbf mah< his "dHtou.. AnmlOceanfuot: think I 5?01 withL. J^Uf Mditti *Aen tteodcaM Ifl .a^' ini*'1 ndl fo&nd; ^-. .j l. -. ^ + .... . -! .for yean ; bow many had lost theif lives by wild boark and otfthe horribldnature ol (>&« 'death bybeing ripbed*up; how two people 'had to his knowledge gone out ("jost ;like yonr two, sdyes," he wa? so kind as to interpolate) tlttnag the;]fltttgold rash, and how one, h«4 ^|»pped at fcbeteat to; cook and wash, while the other h^d gone tip giilh'^a toeiplore; 'how (htt Utiier.had fallen down a pre visa and perished miserably of [starvaticta, while his mite waited day after' day, eipectinghita who never'came. Intact, Tom and J1 taughteach' othdf #ev«tAl titoed stealing futtive gTaDces at one another across ithe tables «o*e& how w6 respectively 4' tobk it/' c^xid we began to get fidgetty on our little, seats. It wassafficientlr bad ftitherto, pat ' whdb'at tefigth Captain Hookey poshed bk6k hwstoolfromttae tabid, andconcluded by sayinpr, " Bat, LOT ! bless yer! what's theuse of talking to the likes of ran? In a' week'p <thn« you and yonr things yota call caiioea will be whitening yonr bones 12 fathom drap/; and' Che cray- fish will hive a good tuck-in, Surely !"- We " concldoded" that the fresh air on detfk was Somehow betterthanthe close air below, and so we adjourned above, to siftokeand meditate on what we had heara, tts Sunday-school teachers say. I m'ost say that I have often had meditations on a more interesting subject, and I noticed that 'Tom didn't'seem inclined for conversation; no more did J! -? However, the beauty of the coast-scenery, we wete slowly gliding by soon had its effect' npononrspirite. It was now about 10 o'clock, and we were passing Adele Island, seen about a mile on our beam, with its wooded' heights dimly reflected in the dear water 1»low, by the light of our southern constel lations and a very feeble-looking young moon. At 11 we passed the entrance of Frenchman's Bay,and shortly after midnight we b6gan to | blow our penny whistle, thereby intimating to a solitary settler's house that the Lady Hotham had brought two letters and one parcel for the proprietor, and that he tout! better send off a boat Soon a little dark speck was seen ahead of us, hopping; up and down in the starlit water, and a faint cooey came borne on the breeze. Squ-e-a-k" replied our whistle, and the cofam&nderof; the steamer gaye! the highly unnecessary order to go "Quite slow." We wouldn't go any slower than' we bad been going all along without stopping altogether; accordingly we stepped,' and the escape pipe immediately got the snaffles again, while the boat came alopgside. It w« here thatTom and I had . determined to go ashore, as it was easier to get into' & boat from the steamer'than stepping into the canpes, and we o6uld take them "in tow, but it was not pleasant, but, on the contrafy, rather tough on our feelings when Captain. Hotkey Bang out, " Bill, lend them chain p hand with their coffins. 