THEATRE ROYAL. Mr Harry Stanley’s lesseeship closed on Saturday night when he took his benefit, the performances con sisting of “ The Mysteries of Audley Court; or, “Lady Audley’s Secret,” as the drama is sometimes called, and the farces of “ A Ghost in Spite of Himself,” and “ Toodles.” As is usual on Saturday nights the boxes end dress circle were thinly attended but the other parts of the house were very well patronised, and the region of orchestra and stalls looked brighter than usual as the brass band of the Ist B.V.R, was present and played during the intervals. Mrs Gladstane’sLady Audley was a very clever performance, though alittlelu dicrous now and then where the ridiculous dialogue and the physical facts happened to be in opposition. There were a wonderful anl wonderfully rapid mobility of feature, and a quick transition in vocal tones as well as in gesture, as the deeply scheming woman fought her way through the involving meshes of her dark doings, while the one drop of mitigating feeling that came from the sense of desertion by Talboys hardly touched with a single grace the unscrupulous ■ and daring hypocrisy of the woman, But Mrs Gladstone is seldom so effective as in repose or in the gentler essays of her art. The quieter passages in Lady Audley were ad mirable bits of acting, and those especially in which sud den flashes of opposite passions lit up the scene with their quickly varying lights. The scene with Robert Audley in the last act where ho betrays his suspi cions, was very finely worked out. Sometimes in other scenes, as in parlor politenesses, there seemed to be a little overdoing, an unnatural abundance of manner so to speak, a gushing forth of complaisance that was Scarcely in keeping with the nicer tact of so accom plished a hypocrite as Lady Audley. The general effect, however, was excellent, and the final scene was powerfully real and natural, the actress being, as once or twice before, called before the curtain, Mias Douglass was a provokingly prim and pretty Phtfibe, and one was lost in wonder at the strange fate Which allied her with so rough and bibulous a husband 03 Mr Puup amused the house within Luke Marks. Miss Blanche Qrey as Miss Audley played extremely well. This lady bos gofid sfagp experience and her elocution is always clear. The part was really a very valuable contribution to the success of thp' drama, and the audience evidently appreciated the humor of the lady’s troubles between a lover whom she did not like and a cousin whom she did. As Robert Audley Mr M.qnro WSS capital, and Mr M'Gowan as Sir Michael was as uxoriqug and blfed os was desirable, playing the part vpry acceptably all throng!;, Mrs M‘Gowan OS dps Dr Dawson and Mr Closer as Ijr Dawson helped a good deal m the fiin of the thing, and the lugubrious part of Talboys was satisfactorily placed in the . hands of Mr Russell, In the afterpiece, Mr Stanley as Dickory, kept the house merry, TofldJcs” was not played owing to the lateness, of the hour, fiiis pyening Mrs Gladstone commences a new season under fjjp jpsspeship of Mr Bayless and the manager ship of Mr M-'fJowan,' Tfa e programme consists of “ Elizabeth, Queen of' England/' SB& the farce “ Up in the World/' ‘ ' 