£alts atiit Iktfcjjts T 1IE GHOSTS OF THE MALL EE, 1 OR, THE HAUNTED HUT. (From "Tales Round the Cainp Fire," i the Jfilliamslowa Chronicle.) n Some ten years ago, I had occasion to cross the vast belt of Mallee Scrub, bordering the Tatiara country, on the South Australian border. I was travelling by myself, my only companion being a horse and collie sheepdog and that greatest friend of the uiariner as well as the bush man, a good pocket compass. I had been pending my way far hours through thick and almost imperielrable'scrub, my clothes almost torn to ribbons, my hands and face bleedingjnfrom Enumerable scratches inflicted by the Mallee, and tortured almost to madness that scourge of the scrub and sandhills both to man and beaBt—I mean the sand-fly. The sun was slowly sinking in the west, the fleecy clouds being, tinged with purple and gold, leaving a roseate ue of crimson pervading the whole tmosphere. The clouds were heaped n fantastic masses, like foam on be billowy waves; then gradually issolving into feathery spray in olten masses of liquid amber, falling ike the rippling sea upon the white nd sandy shores of a tropical island, n fact, it was one of those glorious ustralian sunsets so familiar to every nhamtnit of that favoured isle. I now anxiously consulted my comss, as I knew from the. course I had een steering I should be in close iroxirnitv to an oasis in the shrubbery esert, viz, one of the wells that.are cattered at intervals throughout he Mallee. A loud neigh from my orse and the disappearance of 'my ng soon dispelled any conjectures on aat iwint, and as my horse quickened is pace, I was soon relieved by the lorious sight of water. Upon lookng around I found I had emerged om the thick scrub, and was now in small open plain, about three hunred yards across, in the centre of hicli was a clump of trees, consisting f myall and the quondong, or native each tree, two or three of which had rown to a very large size. At the oot of a myall was the well, the water f which was slightly brackish, aving allowed my horse to drink his my dog having helped himself revious to my arrival, I began to ook about in order to select a suitable mping place. Just upon the edge of the plain, bout one hundred and fifty yards from he well, was a dilapidated hut; so I Iked down to have a look and see if would afford shelter in case of rain, found the walls were composed of a'lee sticks, entwined between upffnt stakes driven into the ground, orwing a network or basket-work ' a substantial character, and the ntei-stices being filled with clay renthe whole wind and waterproof. Ile r,)nt' was thatched with grass and eav®®» "d in one room had partially ^ a down. The walls were now II ? very rotten condition, and were P'dly falling to decay ; but the inner seemed in tolerable preservation, ° , ery clean. At tine end, " »ig w a s v nn th3 entire length of the room, a biiuk, or rough, wooden bedwhich had the appearance of not avinj i been slept in for years. " ngcarefullyswept the room out, I 1 tor my saddle and blankets, and J oss-hobbled my horse with pnup.leaiher cr and pair of hobbles, w, ° ° gathering sticks and ad. w r k a fi res which I kindled in the po,S apartment, the dismantled Ha oof acting as a chimney, fire 0 1 t h e »y r " quart pot" on the bed , » Proceeded to arrange my arran; otherwise 1 complete my s f o r the night. Hearing an oppossum on the roof of the hut, I stepped outside, and having drawn my revolver shot it. This at once provided for the wants of my faithful canine companion, who after finishing his meal, took up his quarters, by the fire. After I had finished supper and had loaded my pipe, I walked down to the well "to see if my horse was in good quarters. Having found him in an excellent patch of sood grass, which I knew he would not leave for the sour grass of the Mallee, I retraced my steps and turned in, thoroughly satisfied with myself and things in general- The wind had been gradually rising, and was now blowing in strong mournful gusts, moaning piteously at times among the low Mallee ranges which lay to the right of the hut. I lay awake for some time, wondering who and what the last occupant of the hut was, and the reason of its strange desertion; for I could plainly see that it had been deserted, and that for no common reason either. I remained thus for some time lost in conjectures— coining all sorts of romantic stories concerning the former occupants ofthe hut—until at last I fell asleep. A low, unearthly howl — so utterly wild and despairing as to turn the heart hick with an undefinable dreadaroused me from my sleep. I started up in wild affright, when the howl was again repeated, and which I now found proceeded from my dog, whose appearance, seen in the light of the moon through the hole in the roof, betokened intense terror, every hair in his body standing straight up on end ! Uttering a low whine as he caught sight of me he crouched in the most abject terror at my feet. . Hastily throwing on my clothes and boots, I walked to the door of my hut, and there I saw a sight, which froze the life-blood in my veins. The moon was now shining brightly,; so that I could see most distinctly every object on the plain. At the distance of a few yards from the well were two figures— the taller of the two was a middle aged man, habited in the garb of a shepherd, whilst the younger, who appeared to be about two-and-twenty, was clad in a light tweed coat, pants, and top boots. From their gestures they appeared to be quarrelling; for though no sound came from their lips, I could plainly see such was the case Just at this moment they both turned their faces towards me, the ghastly whiteness of which struck an icy chill through my heart, which almost turned to stone as I saw them gliding—(for it was not walking)—towards the hut. I remained rooted to the spot, utterly unable to move. My dog, uttering another unearthly howl, dashed out of the door and disappeared in the scrub. I was completely fascinated, and could not take my eyes oft the approaching figures, who as they drew near appeared to be apparently reconciled ; for just before they reached the door they shook hands most heartily, and then passed into the but, taking not the slightest notice of my presence. As they both passed, 1 could not help noticing the demoniacal and fiendish look which the elder of the two cast on the younger—it was a. look of most. intense hatred, and dark and deep revenge flamed from his flashing eyes. Up to this time not a word had been spoken, and the horrible stillness which reigned supreme around was only broken by my stifled breathing, which became a positive agony as the two men walked, or rather glided, by me into the hut; for their footsteps gave out no sound upon the floor. A cold, clammy sweat broke out upon my brow, and my hair with horror was standing on end. I seemed to have lost all power of moving; and as I stood a little on one side of the doorway inside the hut, I could observe all that passed. The elder of the two men threw himself upon the bunk, taking no notice of my saddle and blankets, whilst the younger contented himself with the floor, lying right in front of the door of the inner room. I was now enabled to observe them closely, as the moon streamed through numerous holes in the walls with a flood of light upon the ghostlv occupants of the inner room, and "fell full upon their recumbent farms. The elder was a most repulsive looking object: his faca all cut and fearfully disfigured by several gaping wounds, from which the blood was flowing profusely; his shirt, all torn, showing several large wounds in his breast. Sick at heart I turned to looked upon the younger, and there to my horror and amazement I beheld what I now noticed for the first time, that they were both horribly mutilated and covered with wounds. In the belt of the latter was a richly-chased springback dagger-knife, the moonbeam falling on the silver handle fully disclosing it to my view. After they had apparently slept half-an-hour—though it appeared ages to me—I became aware of a movement on the part of the elder of the two men. He sat up, and jjazed cautiously around; then carefully taking a large butcher's knife from its leathern sheath in his belt, he crept cautiously towards his sleeping companion. As I saw his hellish in° tention, I would have given worlds to have been able to call out; but there seemed to be a sort of " mystic spell" around me. I was completely paralysed with horror. Nearer and nearer he glided—the stillness was horrible—I saw the gleam of the knife in the moonlight like a meteor flash, when down, down came the remorseless blade deep into the breast of the sleeping man ! I could distinctly hear the '' chuck" ofthe knife as it entered the wound. It was the first sound I had heard f.-om my ghostly visitors, and rendered the scene lollowing doubly horrifying by the ghastly silence with whit5h.it was enacted. The blow was not fatal, for no sooner had it fallen than the young man sprang to his feet, grasped his dagger-knife and grappled with his assailent. Then ensued one ofthe most terrific struggles that it is possible to conceive, though not a sound broke the death-like silence. Thrust after thrust ofthe deadly knives were given and taken, seemingly with out effect; together they rolled on the floor, exchanging blows all the time At last, with a shriek of agony which rolled upon the midnight air and was repeated from range to range, the elder ofthe two dashed out of the door, followed by the other, and disappeared in the scrub at the back ofthe hut. I was so overcome with horror that I lost consciousness, in which state I remained some hours ; for when I came to I found the sun was up. I sprang to my feet—though still feeling faint— and having dragged my things from the hut, I went to look for my horse; when, strange to relate, I found hiin trembling like an aspen. I was beginning to think my adventures of the previous night were the result of a frightful nightmare; but the evident perturbation of my horse made me think differently. Having taken off the hobbles, I led him to the hut and tied him up outside. I then went in to see if I could find any traces of last night's struggle. Everything was exactly in the same position as it was before I turned in on the previous night: no bloodstains were visible: no marks of a struggle could be distinguished. It was certainly very strange. My dog was nowhere to be seen; and as never knew him to leave me before, I felt that the adventures of the night really occurred in the manner described. I sat down for a while to recover a little —for I was very shaky— so I boiled a pot of tea. Just as I had finished this operation, my dog came back, looking very much crestfallen, as though he expected a thrashing for leaving me. However, I patted him on the head, whereupon he recovered immediately. I walked round to the back of th.e hut, and was just entering the scrub when my foot struck something that lay hidden in the grass. I stooped and picked up —" a silver-mounted dagger-knife !'' I recognized it immediately as the same I had seen in the belt of the younger of the combatants. I examined it carefully, and deciphered with some difficulty the initials, " E. J. W.," and underneath in smaller characters, the words, " Norfolk, England." The blade was half eaten with rust, and must have lain at least two years where I had so strangely picked it up.. I carefully searched for further traces of my late nocturnal visitors, but unsuccessfully. Just at this moment my dog, having sniffed several times at the dagger which I held in my hand, then commenced sniffing uneasily round, uttering a low whine, and suddenly dashed off at a trot into the scrub at the back of the hut. I immediately followed; and in a few moments, hearing him barking in the most frantic manner, I hastened my steps and came out at last into a small opening in the scrub. In the centre of this " open" was my dog Traveller, barking most furiouslv at a heap of bones which Jay there. Upon coming closer, I found that the bones were two skeletons lying close together, with their arms clasped round each other's bodies as though they had there died in a last fearful struggle. In the skeleton hand of one of the bodies was a common butcher's knife, half eaten with rust. There were a few scattered rags of light tweed and on the legs of one of the skeletons was a pair of top brots, dried and shrivelled up. A pocket-book lay near, also very much damaged by the weather. Upon examining the latter I found the greater portion of the leaves torn out. On one leaf was the following entry:—March 1st, IS—, planted gold in tin box, 20l)oz, Myev's Flat, gum tree near shanty. E J. WILLIAMS." Another entry followed, but was quite illegible owing to the weather. I marked the spot by my compass, as a guide for returning when I had given information of the finding of the bodies. I saddled my horse, packed up my traps, and made tracks for the home station, which my map informed me lav some twenty miles to the northwest. I arrived there late in the afternoon, and having told the " super" of my discovery of the skeletons, he immediately despatched a man off on horseback to give information to the police. I stopped that night at the station, and having related my adventure, I asked the " super" who he supposed the men were. He replied, " Some two years back the two men in question, which from your description must be the same, were sent temporarily to the hut near the well—Williams as hutkeeper, the other man as shepherd. We knew but little of either of them at the station. They had been there but a few days, when they suddenly disappeared, leaving their sheep in the Mallee. We concluded they had bolted to the diggings, they having overdrawn their account a little. Just at that time men were frequently in the habit of bolting with a week or a fortnight's rations ; so nothing further was thought of them. We sent another shepherd to the hut; but as he only stayed one night there and came back with a cock aud bull story as we thought—he being somewhat cranky— no notice was taken of what he said. He swore the hut was haunted, and refused point blank to go out there again, and as his story went the round of the station, and it was with difficulty we could get any of the shepherds to live at the hut, we had to shift the flock, consequently the hut has been deserted for two years or more. I always laughed at the idea of the hut being haunted ; but since I have heard your story—which, by-the-bye, agrees with the ' cranky shepherd's'— and your strange discovery of the remains makes me believe 'There's more in Nature's philosophy than man wots of.'" " I suppose," said I, " Williams' companion got to know by some means or other of the plant of gold mentioned in the pocket-book, and after worming the secret of the plant out of him, tried to murder him, intending to get clear away and make use of the gold. Such is the only supposition I can arrive at." " I suppose so," was the answer. However, if ever I have occasion to spend another night in the Mallee, I will take care to keep clear of the Mallee Ghosts and the Haunted Hut, by that lonely well m the Mallee Scrub. Williamstown, 1871- DIAVOLO. offnirs at Porte Maillot are improved, that attains _ rpnaireil the breaches j bv the cannonade, erected additional . ie's and strengthened the defennes of f ates A detai limnnt has gone to V«- to propose measures of conciliation. 1 ® re instructed to insist on the mainnee of the Republic, the continnance of t e "V lna, franchises and to demand that rfinals shall alone guard Pari... The r«willes tro-'ps are completely mas'ers of ,, •no The insurgents demand a ,£n of francs, else 'they will kill the A^hbisl.op of Paris. . Tl, e Parisian women are invited to anise themselves tn assist in the defence, u Versailles forces attacked Mont we on the 12lh April. Dombrowski i issued orders that no one can depart m Paris without leave. The Prussians t° St. Denis are reinforced by 5,000 men. M Thiers has issued a proclamation, in hicli lie says :—" Generals MacMahon nd L'Admirault have taken the command fthearmy, and Geneial Vinoy heads the serves. The army increases every day.: t Government and the Assembly aie 011 good understanding, and are devoted to be pork. It is not true that a fresh conspicy has broken out in the ranks. Irresisble measures are in preparation to end the fusion of blood." PARIS, APRIL 17. An obstinate struggle is coinn oil at >iiillv between iheGovernment troo, s and „e Communists. The ground is disputed nch by inch. The Versailles troops am oncentrating, and a severe attack isexpec- ••i. The Germans are reinforcedljy 18,000 en, and are preparins to intervene. The sale of horseflesh has again comenced, and other signs of scarcity of fuod re visible. On the 16rh the firing was incessant. The Government of Versailles gives Paris hours to surrender. The city is co n- letely invested. The fighting outride Paris as i icessant, rcs'ilting in a complete vicry lor the insurgents: 1,000 G <vernment Jiliers were killed at Vanvres. and several unilred taken prisoners at, Neuilly. The '(immune have taken all railways leading ut of Paris under their control. Yesterday Hacks were made by the insurgents on one Dauphine. The buildings on the bamps Klysfees are much damaged by ie!ls The house occupied by the American gaMon is injured. The Minister,' Mr. 'nshburn, remains at his post. There are only provisions in Paris suffiient to last three weeks. 