TABLE TALK. WE HAVE SEEN IT STATED HOtnawhero that crowded Courts indicate prosperons'commnnities; but we are not quite certain that the remark is true. . Brisk times .undoubtedly imply numerous transactions; and these latter may involve more frequent differences of opinion, ana thus require increased intervention on the part of Courts of Lnw. But hard times may also fill the cause lists with the names of anxious creditors and poverty-stricken defendants, who can no longer come up to the scratch. We are i inclined to believe that so far as the Manning is concerned, the country was never in a more solvent state than it is at present, notwithstanding the low price at which maize has been sold all through the season, and in spite of the difficulties with which sugar planters have had to contend ; and yetjitigatiou is certainly dying oat. Judging from the published reports, we think we may safely say that five hundred ponnds would pay all the judgments recovered in the twenty-six Courts of Requests held upon the Manning daring the last twelve months. Yet we have three Court-honses and two Clerks of Petty Sessions. Dividing the sura named among the population, it is less than two shillings per head, so that nobody would be justified in concluding that this is a rich district if he formed bis . opinion from the records of the Courts. But might not this •tate of affairs also indicate that it is an honest district—one in which people, -es a rule, pay their debts without waiting for the compulsory process of the law ? Or may it mean that the fashion of rushing into the Insolvent Court at the first sight of n bailiff has become so common that the relations between debtor and creditor <vre now completely reversed? Wo shall not undertake to determine any of these questions this morning, but we point to the rapid decline of business in the inferior Courts as a circumstance worthy of consideration. We doubt whether in any other district in New South Wales, there is less litigation than there is on. the Manning at present. THIS HAS BEEN RATHER A GAY WEEK on the Manning. Whiit with the dinner givon by the teachers to their Inspector of which we shall say something elsewhere, and with exhibitions going on at Cnndletown and Taroe, tbe. visit of the Bishop, and the sitting of the Court, people have had quite enough excitement for the last seven days. The only noteworthy fact in connection with the visit of the Bishop is that he preached a ser ;r.on on the Tem- perance question last Sunday, which some of his hearers considered a splendid effort nnd others regarded as a very feoble attempt to support a rapidly sinking cause. It is not necessary to say with which of these classes we should feel obliged, to enrol ourselves if called U(jon to express any opinion on the subject. We nil know that his Lordship belongs to the Old School, and he probably feels disinclined at his time of life to alter habits formed half acentnry ago. We believe his andionces were fair throughout the district, but at some places—at Tinonee for instance—where the servico was held on a week- day afternoon—the most inconvenient time that could possibly be selected—the congregations were small. Of the Courts-we have said something already ; and ofthe performance of Mr. POOLE'S company at Taree we have only heard thnt the audiences, which were respectable were highly gratified with the entertainments. It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that this company will visit Tinonee next week, where, no doubt they will secure full houses. The charge for admission has been fixed at almost a nominal amouut in order that none of those who desire to be present may be kept away. The "Trial of Dr. Abstinence" at Cundlctown seems also to have drawn a -large number of persons from various parts of the river, and the opinion of the public, so far as we have heard any expression of opinion, is that the members of the Society acquitted themselves very .creditably both on Wednesday and Thursday evening. We expected a special report of this celebration, but at the time we write it has not come to hand. Perhaps we may .get it in time to publish it elsewher *. WE ARE REQUESTED by Mr. EARNEST FLEMING to state that he drove a dog-cart across the river at Wingham, witboutanyserious mishap, last Sunday week, and that he is in no way connected with the " lady and gentleman" wh+ experienced some inconvenience on that occasion. Mr. FLEMING is well known as an excellent driver, and therefore the circamstancc that he crossed in safety ought not to be regarded as proof that another person could repeat the experiment witli safety. Wc arc stilt of opinion that the crossing is dangerous, and advise our readers to avoid it. OF THE COMPLIMENTARY DINNER which was given to Mr. DWYEB, the Inspector, by the teachers of the Manning, on 23rd instant, at the Windsor Castle, we are favored with the following account:—At 6 o'clock a most excellent dinner was put upon the table, around which seventeen teachers took their seats, the Chair being occupied by Mr. SMALL, whilst Mr. STE- VENSON acted as croupier. The guest of the evening of course occupied the seat of honor. The room was tastefully decorntcd with flowers and evergreens, and wore a pleasing and comfortable look. After the company had done ample justice to the good things provided, nnd the cloth had been removed, the Chairman gave " The Queen," " The Prince of Wales, and the Royal Family," followed by "The Governor of New South Wales," which were drank in the usual way. The Chairman then said, " We have met here this evening for the purpose of showing ourapprccialion ofthe merits of a gentleman, who, upon this, his first visit to our district, and although but a short time among us, has gained our esteem by his gentlemanly and affable demeanor in all his intercourse with us. Even when rigidly discharging the onerous, and often very difficult duties entrusted to him by the Council, he has impressed us with the opinion that earnest teachers will rcceivo his sympathy and support, so that none need fear harshness or rudeness. The children attending our schools were sorry when the examination was over; a circumstance which alone speaks volumes in his favor. It is with much pleasure I give " Our Guest." The toast was duly honored in flowing bumpers. Song: " For lie's u jolly good fellow." Mr. DWYEB then rose, and said he was quite unprepared for the flattering reception given him by the teachers, and was not aware that he had done anything to merit it. He had done nothing but his duty. The teachers had given him valuable assistance during the examination, and were well worthy of any kindness he had shown them. He was happy to find he had impressed the teachers favorably, and tliat they were so well disposed towards him. He trusted kindly feeling would continue to mark the official connection thus happily commenced. The honor now done him would be a cheering reminiscence to refer to when, perhaps placed in less favorable circumstances than those in which ho stood this evening, and would be an incentive to treat teachers with all becoming consideration. It was pleasing to him to assist those who were willing to assist themselves, and who tried to doserve the approbation of the Inspector. He returned sinccre thanks for tho honor done him. (Applause.) The Vicc-chairman then gave " The Council of Education," which was responded to by Mr. DWYES, who gave " The Teachers of the Manning," and made n speech which we will not report. lest wc cause those gentlemen " to blush at the rceital of thcirown loveliness." This toast was responded toby Mr. M'KiNNON and sorcrnl others. Then followed " The Agricultural aud ! Mercantile Interests of tli - Manning," responded to by Messrs. M'KINNON and CHURCHILL. "The-Ladies," "The Host and Hostess,"and several songs and recitations. After the usual votes of thanks to the Chairman and Vice- chairman, the evening was brought to a close by the company *8 singing " An Id Lang Sgnt" and the company separated, after having .spent a very pleasant evening and enjoying themselves rightheartily." Mr. STEELE deserves all praise for the superior manner in which hegot up the dinner. Such reunions as this tend to do'good, by cre^ ating and keeping up a proper esprit de corps among the teachers, and affording them an occasional opportunity of passing an evening in" a social manner. WE CALLED ATTENTION some time ago to certain prosecutions "for sabbath breaking, which were founded upon some old unrepealed statute of CHARLES II, and ventured to doubt the expediency of revivifying laws that were' supposed to have been long sleeping the sleep of denth. The last mail informs us that the English Courts are resisting like prosecutions under these old statutes. In one case, the Marquis of Lome's coachman was prosecuted for pursuing his ordinary calling—driving a coach upon the Lord's day; but the magistrates dismissed the information. In another case, in which a less conspicuous person was the real defendant—a person who for hire took out a party of pleasure-seekers on the Sabbath—the Bench also refused to proceed. It would appear therefore that between English magistrates and their Australian brethren there are at present important differences of opinion as to the policy of enforcing ancient statutes. MR. WILLIAM ALLEN of Oxley Island has favored us with a sample of the sugar he is now turning oat, and for which he finds a ready sale on the spot at £35 per ton. Wc learn that this sample is the produce of Tahitian canes, most of which are three years old; and that in this case, a small mill is answering fairly. The sample is an excellent one—a dry, white, wellcrystalized sug-ir, quite good enough for any one's table. We are also informed that Mr. FLETT has made a commencement, and is turning out a fine quality of sugar, but, at the time our reporter called, none of it had been passed through the centrifugal. IT WILL BE SEEN b£ an advertisement in another column that we propose to distribute a number of handsomely illustrated periodicals, upon terms which place them within the reach of every young man in the electorate. We may add that the circulation of such periodicals as the British. Workman, and the Family Friend cannot fail to be attended with advantage to the neighborhood. THE DECK CARGO of the steamer, or at least a portion of it, is said to have been lost last trip; we cannot, however, vouch for the correctness of this statement. She arrived at Taree, all right, last Wednesday, and took her departure on Thursday. THE GHOST AT OXLEY ISLAND has kept better hours this wei-k. We are told it only whistles now in the day time. Investigations made on the spot have given greater credence to the report that the girl is a ventril oquist. WE ARE REQUESTED to state that the Agnes Irving, (s.) had a most satisfactory trial trip last Friday week, and that she left the same niglit for Grafton via Newcastle, arriving at 11—45 on Sunday morning, after one of the fastest passages on record. SMITH'S CASE WAS BROUGHT ON again last Thursday. A witness from Sydney was examined in reference to the half-notes received by Mr. ELSE from the prisoner, and by him transmitted to Sydney. Some other witnesses were expected who did not make their appearance, but the magistrates, considering that a prima facie case had been made out, committed SMITH to take his trial—the witnesses being recognised to appear at a time to be hereafter notified. WE ABE INFORMED that Mr. GEORGE OOHS was kicked by a horse last Thursday, and severely but not dangerously hurt. No limbs were dislocated or broken. SOME OF THE TEACHERS WERE EX- AMINED at Taree towards the close of last week, but with what result cannot be known for some time to come, since the examination papers have been all sent to Sydney to be reported upon. We are, however, informed that something occurred during this examination with which Mr. RODERICK M'KINNON was not altogether satis fied, and that he thereupon wrote something which our informant understood to be a resignation of his connection with the Council of Education. We have no further particulars. WE UNDERSTAND AN APPEAL will be made, to the public in bebulf of the wife and family of CHARLES G. SUITH, who are said to be in a destitute condition—deprived as they now Larc of such assistance as might have been derived from their natural protector. No doubt the appeal will be successful, since there is no reason to suppose that this unfortunate woman is in anyway connected with the offence charged against her husband. Even were it otherwise, women must not be allowed to starve in Aus- tralia. THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE WEEK the weather has been fine—far too fine—for rain is now greatly needed. Bush fires, too, are burning all around us, and consuming the little dry feed, npon which stock now depends for subsistence. Serious consequences must follow if the present state of things should continue two pr three weeks longer. THE LAST ISSUE of the Macleay Herald has failed to reach us, although the mail came through as usual. This will account for the omission of our usual summary of news from that river. COLONIAL EXPERIENCE.—The Lowor Lachlan correspondent ofthe Waqga Express relates that a short time since, a young gentleman, fresh from tho old coufitry, arrived in this neighborhood for tho purpose of gaining a little colonial experience. For some time previous to his arrival, a wild entire had been in the habit of frequenting at night the place he was staying at, and did a great deal of damage to the working horses, tearing some and driving others about tho run to such an extent that, when wantod, it often became a' difficult matter to find them. Our friend undertook to destroy the unwelcomo visitor, and, with this intent, armed himself with a gun, and issued from the house a little before the break of day. Ho soon found the horses, and, observing one larger than the rest, and standing a little alone from them, be sneaked cautiously up to within mnge, brought bis gun to his shoulder, and pulled the trigger. Down went the horse; but, instead of the wild entire, it turned out to be one of the best draught horses on the Btation. " Colonial experience" has not been out shooting since. LABOR IN QUEENSLAND.—Some weeks ago five young men who held miners' rights at Boorook' registered their claims to await the arrival of machinery, and went to Queensland, via the Sovereign River to look for work. They have travelled over 600 miles, and failed to obtain employment any where—arriving back in Tenterfiela some few Hays ago via Warwick. They state that there is any amount of unemployed labor in Queensland; and that atone station there were as many as thirty men waiting about for the chance of getting a day's work. —Tenterfield Star, Sept. 21. A NOTE FROM FIJI.—" Thank God ! Here the law cannot, and never will, be made an engine of oppression, as in the colonics. Wcro they with one wide sweep to raze the Insolvent Court, and send half the lawyers here to pick cotton, Australia would boast ait honest community and moiv happy homes." i l 