THE ATHANASIAN CBEED. 1\. In the English Church, the eighth of the Thirty-nine Articles of religion declares that the Athanasian Creed, as Avell as the tAvo other creeds, should be received and believed, because it, as Avell as they, may be proved by Holy Scrinture. 2\. On the damnatery clauses", as they have been called, or condemning sentences,, in tho Athanasian Creed, to Avhich objections have been often raised, four points arc to be observed. — (1.) From tho grammatical construction of the Creed, it Avould appear that these clauses (viz., a'erse 1 , 2, 28, 2C, and 42), do not extend to the Avhole Creed, but refer only to the doctrines .affirmed respecting tho Avorship of tho true Ti-iune God, tho eternal Trinity, and Christ's inc.arnation, in verso .3, 4, and 27, and 29 (or 29, .30) ; and not to tho ' orthodox illustrations and explanations adduced in confirmation .and sup port of them in the rest of the Creed, i.e., in verse 5 — 2C, and verses 30—41 (or M — 51), how ever valuable and Scriptural they may be in themselves ; aa'hich explanatory verses might well be prmted in parentheses. Thus, after the declar.ation in the 1st and 2nd verses of the need of holding and keeping the C.atholic F.aith, Ave read in the 3rd and 4th verses that " the Catholic Faith is this viz., the Avorship of tho Triune God.+ And then, after this affirmation of doctrine, the Creed goes on to illustrate it (just as a sermon illustrates the te.xt), in the 5th verse : "For there is one Person of the Father," &c.; , and so on up to the end of the 26th verse ; after which, in the 27th verse, Ave re.ad as fol- loAvs : So that in all things as is aforesaid, i.e-, " aforesaid-" in the 3rd and 4th verses : tho Unity in Trinity, and the Trinity in Unity is to be ivorshi2>ped. He therefore that will be s.aved i.e., wishes to be saved : must thus think of the Trinity," viz., as is affirmed .and set forth in the 3rd and 4th and in the 27th verses. And in the original, tho meaning is rather "Ho therefore that wishes to be safe : should thus think of the Trinity. "J Tho condemnatory clauses in the 1st and 2nd and 2Sth verses ex tend, therefore, to those onl' who do not'rightly " worship " the true Triune God, Avho is pro claimed and set forth in the 3rd and 4th and 27th verses. Tho same line of argument may be applied to tho illustration of the doctrine of the Incarnation of Christ as affirmed in the 29th verse (or in the 29th and 30th verses), which is contained in verses 30—41 (or 31 — 41) ; a passage which .also begins with tho word "For." Thus there is an affirmation of the doctrine ; then an illustration of it ; and lastly, See Wheatly on the Common Prayer, ch. iii., sec. xv., p. 128; the Rev. C. Simeon's /i rce Homileticas, vol. ii.. No. 136, pp. 211 — 214, in the third of his four sermons on the Excellence of the Liturgy ; and the late Rev. T. H. Home's Concise History and Analysis of the Athanasian Creed, published in 1837. See also Ai-chbishop Seeker in Bishop Mant's Prayer-book, pp. 58, 59 ; and Dr. Waterland. f This, then, is the matter of Faith to be beUeved in order to salvation. What follows from verse 5 to verse 26 inclusive is simply a matter of explanation. At verse 29, the Creed leads us to the second important topic ; it then proceeds to an illustration and explanation of this important topic, on the plan of the former part, and terminates with a warning. \+ The Latin is, Quimdt ergo salvus esse, itade Trinitate sentiat ; which in the Laudiau Scotch Liturgy of 1637 was translated : " He therefore that would bo saved : let him thus think of the Trinity." Hence the portions of the Creed, from verse 5 to verse 26 inclusive, and from verse 30 (or 31) to verse 41 inclusive, might more correctly be printed between parentheses, as being the orthb- dox explanations of the doctrines of tho English Church respecting the Trinity and Incarnation, affirmed in verses 3,4, 27, and 29— to which alone the damnatory clauses seem to refer ; and they are to be received, by the clergy at least, on account of their agreement with Scripture, as the Eighth Article requires, but are not of the essence of those doctrines in the abstract, not absolutely essential to salvation. in the 42nd verse, the conclusion drawn from it. —(2.) It is to be observed, that the 3rd and 4th and the 27th verses (which touch upon the wor- of the one God) do not refer to any mere theore tical or speculative opinions, but to the ' vmrhip' of the true God ; and they tell us that in order to be saved, we must " worship " the true God, and in a true manner also, viz. , through Christ and by the spirit. This is a " worship " of the Triune Godhead — the eternal Trinity. || And the 22th verse requires us also "to believe rightly" in our Lord Jesus Christ the Anointed Saviour — and His incarnation. We read, in Hebrews xi. G, that "Withoftt faith it is im possible to please" God, "for he that comethto God must believe that He is," &c.; ; and in John iv. 24, that they who " worship " God must do so "in spirit and in truth." Also that the only aeeeptablo worship is through Christ and ' by the Holy Spirit. (See John xiv. 6 ; 1 Tim. ii. 5 ; Rom. vili. 26 ; Ephes. vi. 18 ; li. IS ; Jude verses 20, 21.) And that they who reject the truth of Christ's incar nation are condemned. (See Acts iv. 12 : xvi. 31 ; John iii. 18, 30 ; v. 23 ; viii. 24 ; xx. 31 ; 1 John ii. 22, 23 ; iv. 2, 3 : 2 John verses 7, 9, &c.;, &c.;) This "worship of the Father, through the Son, and by the Spirit, seems to involve a belief in the Deity of the eternal Three-in-One. For who but God could be thus omnipresent, as the Son and the Spirit are, wherever Christ's people engage in acceptable worship, in all parts of the world ? We are, therefore, reminded by Creed, in its four first and its 27 and 2Sth verses, that, in order to salvation, it is necessary to 'luorslii)" the true God ; and that in a true manner, through the one and only Mediator between God and men, and by and under the influence of one quickening SiJirit ; and also, in its 29th (or 29th and 30th) and 42nd verses, "to believe rightly" in our Divine Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. — (3.) It has been suggested by several writers upon the subject, that the offence contemplated in the damnatory clauses of the Athanasian Creed is apustacy from Ike faith received; and in support of tliis view of the case, they rely upon, the words "teiieat" and "scrvaverit" in the latin of the first and second verses of the Creed, arguing that it is impossible to "hold" that which has not first been firstly laid hold of. or embraced, or to "keep that which has not been previously delivered to a man, and received to keep j and consequently that the Creed itself, by the very terms "hold" and "keep" pre-supposes a teaching to and a reception of ' 'the Catliolie faith"ir on the part of those who are eondemned for not lioldiny it and Jcccjnnij it "whole and ixndefiled ;'> and what the damnatory elauses are, therefore, designed to remind peoixle of the solemn responsibility under which me& hear the . revelation of God's truth, -and the awful danger of apostacy from the faith when received and embraced. ++ Indeed, the words "hold " .and " keep," in the first and secoiid verses, aixpear to be founded upon a like use of them in 2 Timothy, i. .13, 14. ; as also iniv. 7, S; and' Revelation Jii. 3; and John xiv, 24,l"i And, therefore, they must be held to assume a previous reception of the truth as to the ' 'worship" of the true God' in a true manner, and a belief in Christ, on the part of those who are warned of the danger of non- salv.ation ; seeing that, ' .as was before remarked, it is impossible to 'ffiold" or to "keep" that which has never been laid hold of or received. Hence the damnatory elauses must be viewed as referring exclusively to those persons who have received the truth, aiiil submitted to it ; and as warnings against the d.angerbf apostacy from the truth and from the Christi.an F.aith; such, in fact, as we find St. P.aul to have given to the Hebrew Christi.aus, .and such as we meet with inhis Epistle to the Hebrews, in x 29, 38, 39 ; and vi. 4, 5, 6. So th.at the words "hold" and"keeD" II The Creed defines the Catholic. faith to be, not the mere orthodox profession of faith in, but the toorsMppiuy oi the living , and true God, and serving him from the heart. So that while we are reminded that the most illiterate Christian who, by the grace of God, has learped e.xperimentally the blessing of "access unto the Father," through Christ, and by the Spirit, is not excluded from . the hope of salvation, though he may be scarcely .capable of explaining his . own ideas upon this .mysteous subject, we are also w.arned that the .most orthodox profession of a creed, without such "worship" of the heart, is ineffectual to salvation. See also some excellent remarks upon this noint, in a leadinc article in the RccojyZ of IGth January, 1871." . 11 That is, the orthodox Christian Faith. For Dean Hook has observed that, ' ' The term Catho lic came by degrees to signify mrich the same as our term Orthodox. (Deaii Hook's 7ffiar t/te C/iWc/i, p. 9.) . , That is as the Rev. T. H. Home has re- : minded us, without rejecting any essential part of , it which is clearly reyealed, or adding anything to it to defeat its sense and corrupt its tendency, tt See a reference, to Barrows's Opusc?d!«a rfc ' Tribiis Sijmholis, in a review of Dr. Reichel's Sermons oil the Trirnty and the Aikahasian Greed, in the Irish Ghureh Journal for Octohei; 1854,- p. 327, and Rev. Dr. Baj'lee at the Stroud Dis cussion of ISoG, pp. 6G, 67, and 82, 84, 93. ' ::+ " Hold fast the forih of sound words, which thou hast heard of me, in . faith .and, love which is in Christ Jesiis. :That good , thing which was conimitted unto thee keep by the Holy Gho.st 'which dwelleth fn us." (2. Tim. i.,13, 14.) "I .. have.kcpt the faith &c.; (iv. 7, 8)., "Remem ber, therefore, how thou hast received and hoard, and hold fast, and repent." (Rev., iii. 3.). " Ho that: loveth Mo not, keepeth not my sayings." jJohn xiv. 24). "Now the just shall live by faitli : but if any man draw back, my soul sh.all.have no pleasure in him. But we are not of them who draw. back unto perdition ; but of them'that be lieve to the saving of the soul" (Heb. x. 38, 39). " It is impossible for those who were once en lightened, .and have tasted of the he.avenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost, and h.ave tasted the. good word of God, .and the powers of the world to come, if they sli.allfall av/.ay, to i-enew thein again iinto repentance; seeing they crucify to themselves, the Son of God afresh, and put him to .an open shame." (Heb. vi, 4, 5, 6 ; .see .also x. 29). "St. Paul does not say that they cannot be renewed, but that the preacher of Cliristiauity has no means in the 1st and 2nd verses limit the other words, " whosoever " -and " he " and " every man," in those verses ; and the "he" in the 28th verse, to a person unto whom the truth of God has been presented in an intelligible form, and who has received to hold, and has actually embraced, the truths referred to. And the " he " in the 29th verse, with a " man " in the 42nd verse, of course refers to the s.ame person as the "who soever" in the 1st verse, i.e., to a person who has received the fundamental doctrines of Chris tianity to ' hold " and to " keep." So that the 1st and 2nd .and 28th verses may be thus p.ar.a- phrased : " Whosoever of those who have received the truth will be saved, &c.; Which Faith, except every such a one do keep whole and undefiled, &c.; He, therefore of the said persons that will be saved, &e.; Furthermore, it is necessary to everlasting salv.ation : that he also believe rightly," &c.; — (4.) Jtis to be ob served that the Creed utters no "anathema" — no " let him be accursed ;" but it simply m.akes certain st.atements in the w.ay of warning. For the d.amn.atory elauses are declarative, and not imprecatory. They contain no invectives or im precations of curses upon any persons ; they are merely decl.arations of fact, founded on the Scriptures, to warn people of the danger and of the consequences of rejecting Christi.an truth, and of aposiacy from it when received and em braced. 3\. The following passages of Scripture may be cited as proofs of the truth of those portions of the Ath.anasian Creed to which .alone the damna tory cl.auses seem to refer. And, if copied out, the said Creed will be found to be almost a transcript of the same. On the danger of Apostacy from f.aith in the fundamental truths of the Gospel ; and from the true " worship " of the true God, as declared in its verses 1, 2, and 28 : see Hebrews xi. 6 ; 2 Tim. i. 13, 14 ; iv. 7, 8 ; Revel, iii. 3 ; John xiv. 24 : Heb. x. 29, 38, 39 ; vi. 4, 5, 6 ; Jude verse 3. On the necessity of the "worship" of the Triune Godhead, as affirmed in its verses 3, 4, and 27 : see Hebrews xi. G ; John iv. 24 ; and John xiv. G ; 1 Tim. ii. 5 ; and Rom. viii. 26 ; Epbes. vi. 18 ; and Ephes. ii. 18 ; Jude verses 20, 21 ; M.att. xxviii. 19, 20 ;|| Rev. i. 4, 5. On tbe necessity for faith in our Lord .lesus Christ, and belief of His incarnation, .as affirmed in its verse 29 (or in its verses 29 and 30) : see Acts xvi. 30, 31 : Luke ii. 10, 11 ; with Mark xvi. 16 ; 1 Cor. xv. 1-4 ; John xx. 28, 29, 31 ; Rom. iv. 24, 25 ; x. 9, 10 ; and 1 John ii. 22, 23 ; iv. 2, 3 ; 2 John verses 7, 9. On the danger and the consequences of reject ing Christ, and of denying His Godhead and in carnation, as declared in its verses 29 and 42 (or , in its verses . 29, 30, and 42) : see Acts iv. 12 ; John iii. 18, 36; v. 23; viii. 24; 2 Peter ii. 1 ; Judo verse 4; with 1 John ii. 22, 23 ; iv. 2, 3 ; 2 John verses 7, 9 ; Mark xvi. 16. 8ee also Jobh vi. 29 ; viii. 58 ; x. 30 ; with John viii. 17 ; xiv. 23, 24, 26 ; xv. 26. , 4\. The late Rev. T. H. Horue, in his Gojicise History and Analysis of the Athanasian Greed, st.ates that the celebrated Puritan Nonconfor mist, Richard Baxter, expressed an approval of this Creed, the d.amnatory clauses excepted, "or modestly expounded;" and that such an exposition had been attempted in the preceding pages of his excellent tract, a See also a " Testi mony to the Throe Creeds, signed and published "in 1678, by Fifty-four Baptist Ministers," con tributed by Mr. Horue to the Ghrislian Observer for July, 1850, p. 460. iSee also Dr. Waterland in Bishop Mant's Prayer-book, p. 58. 5\. It has been urged, that by the 41st verse of this Creed, those who hold the pre-millenuial A dvent of Christ are condemned. But the word " Coming" does not exclude the opinion that a jrart of the work of judgment may be deferred for a thousand years after its commencement. It would still be at Christ's "coming," 1 Cor. xv. 23. 6\. As regards the proper mode of reciting the Athanasian Creed, the late Rev. Samuel Howe, of. Credition, in an excellent little evangelical commentary on the Liturgy, entitled An Appeal to the Bubric, with Snygestions for General Uni formity, &c.; (published by Hatehard in 1841), at p. 135, decides it thus: "Upon the whole, though custom is against the practice, it would appear more correct that this Creed should be recited by the minister and the people together." But the Bishop would be the proper person to solve any " doubt" upon the subject. of renewing them — has no new offer to make to them. Unless I am greatly mistaken, the active sense of the verb is not only the most gramraatieal, but suits the chain of argument .much better than any other." (Bishop Short's What is Christianity ? v. 59). nil That the doctrine of the Trinity is in the " Gospel," would appear from a comparison of Mark xvi. 15, 16 ; with Matt, xxviii. 18, 19, 20. 0\. This excellent tract is now out of print, and the few remaining copies of it are in the hands of Mr. Home's grandson and executor, Mr. ,C. :H. H. Chejme, M.A., late scholar of St. John's College, Cambridge, and 1, Dean's-yard, Westminster. A reprint of it would be most desirable. It describes all the heresies which each clause of the Creed was designed to meet. O'Donovan Rossa is said to bo a , candidate for a most lucrative position in New York — that of City Registrar. The office is worth .-£13,000 a year. It -was once held by General Halpin, the soldier-poet. The Irish -American Press are confident of his success. HoLLOwaT's Pills. — Billions Headache and depression of Spirits. — Whenever there is any excess of bile, or when that secretion does not naturally pass from the liver, it enters the cir culation, vitiates the blood, and gives rise to headaebe, sickness, weariness, and depression of spirits. This evil is readily corrected by a few doses of these Pills, which work a speedy cure withoiit creating nausea, or weakening the stomach — consequences too frequently entailed by the administration of purgatives. Hollo- way's Pills simultaneously purify and strengthen. They improve the appetite, cleanse the palate, and invigorate the stomach. These Pills act as the most successful alter.atives, effecting a silent and certain change for the better in every organ which has become disordered either through luxurious living or other causes. 