SUMMARY OF NEWS. The Australian Tom Thumb, who ac companies Chang, has been summoned to appear at the Eastern Police Court, Ballarat, on a charge of maliciously wounding a Kttle girl named Marriott, whose eye he severely injured at the Eastern Qval on Easter Monday. I\om the Bapti&t; Handbook we leayn that the Baptist churches in Great Britain and Ireland number 2508, with a member ship of 28.3,67u, a decrease of membership on the. year of 3S10. . . , From 75 to 100 British subjects in India die every 24 hours from snake bites, The orgnn at the lloyal Alhert Hall (as large as a Belgravian mansion)' will be the most powerful injhc world, haying 9000 pipes and 120 stops, inflated by two steam engines built by Messrs. Peun, Mr. Best, ot Liverpool, has been appointed to "inaugurate" the organ, and afterwards give< recitals- during the International Exhibition in May. The rimes correspondent telle us how the inhabitants of the little town of Eccomoy escaped having the Prussians billeted on them. When the Prussians entered the town they were confronted by placards warning" messieurs lea Strangers et los troupes francaim" that rinderpest and small-pox reigned in the. town, that 300 were ill, 200 had died, and fourteen perished daily by the last-named malady. Meanwhile the funeral bell perpetually tolled. Under these oircurastances the Prussians hastened out of the place. A man named William Govern has been sentenced to death at Sydney for a criminal assault committed at Maitland. A Deep Sea Fishing Company is being formed in Melbourne. . Mr Moodie, late President of the Glenelg Shire< Council,. has been presented with a nice illustrated address on his retirement from tliat position. , . If Charles Matthews has cheapened the . attractions, of the Australian colonies, Walter Montgomery, in a letter to the Era, has gone to the opposite extreme. " Aus tralia," he say?,; " is destined to play a great part in tho history of the world yet, She has the loveliest climate, unbounded resources of every kind;hei cities are marvels of grace and beauty; her people high- Fouled, generous, and , intellectual; and as for sheer physical beauty, no.womeu in the world can compare with the lovely antipodeans,, and their minds are as beauteous as their persons. Besides, Australia is the only home for the legiti mate drama, and I say this after a large American arid English experience." A couple of farmers in Hardin County,' Iowa, went to law five, years ago over 25dol. The suit has just ended, and both farmers had to sell their farms .to pay the costs. ? Some sinner, has stolen the thermometer from the Fond du Lao Reporter Office, That paper informs him that it will be of no use to him where ho is going, as it does hot work higher than 313 ®. The Warrnamiool Examiner of April 25 has the following A goose was brought to our office yesterday by a farmer residing near Woodford, who had obtained it under peculiar circumstances. Going along the Spring Creek road, he noticed a large eagle hawk bearing the goose, which appeared to be rather too heavy a burden, for the hawk dropped his prey near where our friend was passing. The goose was picked up, as a matter of course, the eaglehawk perching on a, tree hard by, and seeming very reiuotant to leave it. Some of the residents have for a time been taking rather a despondent view of 1 business ana other affairs at-Port Augusta, and nearly every week-our, report from there has the line " nothing doing" in it. As a sign of improvement our correspond ent, however, notes that on April 24 Mr. H. Johnson, the local auctioneer, sold a dray worth a short time ago fully 20s., with seven bollocks, for <£C6 cash. He somewhat cynically remarks that he, did not know there was so much money in the place.-Register* " The Stirling North Pound was opened last week, and a lot . of goats were among [ the first inmates, these small cows having been trespassing in a paddock that had just been ploughed and sown. The lees amounted to 3s. per head, and on Satur day, when sold by auction, the; animals brought an average of 4d. each. 'Nearly every family -in the neighbourhoods of Port Augusta and Stirling keeps a few goats", cows being very rare indeed, and anything but a pleasant feeling prevailed when the milk-producers were trotted off to the fenced enclosure, and afterwards knocked down, metaphorically, by the salesman's hammer. The Poundkeeper's profit must, however, be difficult to ascer i fain.--Register. A man named George Fleet, a well knowu carrier on the Strathalbyn and Adelaide road, started from the latter place on Thursday, the 20th instant, apparently in bis usual health! but' when near Glen Osmond he found himself too ill to proceed any further, and he went to a friend's house. He became rapidly -vyorse, and expired during the night, after an illness of only six hours.' We believe the deceased leaves a widow and a large family of children.-Southern Argus. According to tho information supplied to ,the Gawler Pres9, the honest countrymen about Onetree Hill are occasionally favoured with visions of a-phantom tandem team dashing across the road and over the fields at a great pacei without finding the fences any obstruction. Sometimes the impalpable vehicle has a ghostly driver in it, and sometimes the ethereal steeds are without any guidance but that of their own wills. Wapstraw is not always very imaginative, but there is nothing tame or commonplace about this ghost story. " A strange story," says, the Gipps Land Guardian, " is told by the police of a piece of church property. Some five years ago, or during the year 1866, St, Paul's Church, Camperdown, possessed a communion service, of which one of the flagons, then recently purchased from Messrs. Kilpatrick and' Co., of Melbourne, stood in need of some repairs. Mr. John Manifold, who wis at that time paying a visit to Mel bourne, took with with him the flagon for the purpose of having the repairs executed, but in changing coaches at Cblac, the article in question disappeared in a most mysterious manner, and Mr. Manifold could never divest himself of the idea that the flagon ! had been stolen. He, however, procured another one from Messrs. Kilpatrick, as nearly resembling the lost one as possible, and nothing more was said about the matter. The other day, however, Senior constable Swale received notice through the Police Gazette that a woman named Annie Wilson, who is nqt too favourably known to the authorities, was charged by Dotective Potter with offering for sale, at Ballarat, an electroplated flagon, marked on the side with the letters I.U.S., and bearing on the bottom the inscription "at. Paul's Church, Camperdown." There at present the matter rests, and until the return of Mr. Manifold from Tasmania, where he at present is on a visit, no further steps can be taken in the identification of the flagon lost five years ago at Colac." la publishing the report of Sub inspeotor Gilmour, in which that officer expressed his belief that the remains he discovered at Wantata were those of Leiohardt and his party, the Brisbane Courier writes" In opposition to this belief, we have the opinion of Mr. A. C. Gregory, the well-known Australian explorer, that the remains found by Mr. Gilmoui' wore those of Mr. Gray, a member of the Burke and Wills expedi tion. It seems evident that > the blacks led Mr. Gilmour to the same place where they led Mr. Mackinlay, and where the latter disinterred the body of Gray. It is understood that the Government will in stitute a more complete search thanlMp. Gilmour was able to accomplish, in order to put at rest the question as to what explorer it was whose bones were found oh Cooper's Creek. Mr. Gregory de clares that he -came upon a camp, which must have been that oi'Leiohardt's party, iu Arnheim's Land, some 800 miles to the north and east of Cooper's Creek, and therefore Mr. Gilmour must have been mistaken in supposing that lie had discovered the remains of Leiohardt." A Chinaman of Benalla, has a griev ance for the redress of which he applies to jihe press. It seems' that a boy was caught robbing his garden, and when taken before the local Bench the magis trates dismissed him wjith a oautjkm. On this the Chinamen writes to the Ensign, as follows " one Boy- go into my Garden' and destroy £3-0-0 worth of water mellons the Magistrate say him too young to punish the Boy thirteen years and six months old me try to punish the Boy for his Badness it cost me four pound's.-As Sam BET." H A robbery was committed the other bight at Government House, Hoburt Town, during the dinner hour. A box, . containing £ 103, chiefly in sovereigns, was taken from the. servants' quarters. It belonged to the Governor's coachman. The population of Clare, says the Northern Argus, from what we learn to be the result of the late census, is 1,027-550 males, and 477 females. The number of buildings is given as 224, The New South Wales Insurance Com pany has declared a dividend of 15 per cent., and the Bank of New South Wales one at the rate of 10 per cent.' The Advertiser has been' informed that there is a lady in Adelaide who is likely to become a celebrity ori account of her diminutive size. She is said to be 21 years old, and only 81 inches in height. Anthony Silva, an Italian digger, was taken to the Geelong Hospital, after being buried alive 15 hot rs by a fall of earth at Morrison's diggings. His medical attend-' ants say there is a chance of his'; recovery. The Advertiserseverely deprecates tlie action of the Government in refusing" to allow the wheat for the relief of the French, sufferers to pass over the railways free: o(< charge.. . .!'». ? 'A Chinese tradesman at Wellington, advertises that he has accepted a contract from an Australian firm to supply- 30,000, . sacks of fungus for shipment to China, and he offers to give local gatherers 6s. per sack. ' ? - '. Master M 'Grath,) Lord Lurgan's grey hound, by his recent victory at the Waterloo coursing ' meeting brnigsi it, is said, to his owner £100,000. An insur ance policy of £6,000 was taken out upon tbe dog on its departure from England to Belfast. 1 Speaking of M. Justin; Drouhet's motive power, the Ballarat Evening Mail says:-The power is obtained, and will be worked independent of such agents as' steam, water, electricity, or, indeed, any force not contained in the neiv moffte: power itself; in fact, as long as the pqrts last, perpetual motion is put in force. The value of the discovery, which has for fifteen years occupied the attention of M. Drouhet, is simply incalculable. The power of the steam- engine, without the cost of the fuel in it, must be recognised. By its aid mining, and other industries will, be metamorphosed,( and undergo such a revolution as almost costless power alone can give. Stocks, a Buninvong schoolmaster has been committed for trial for indecently assaulting Elizabeth Harkness, one of his pupils. The girl charges him with induc ing her to go to his house, where he com mitted the offence. The evidence was very conflicting. " A curious statement," says the Geelong Advertiserj" was made by an inaolverit on Tuesday, when questioned as to a legacy, in the insolvent court, Under bis father's will, he said, his wife was entitled to. a legacy of £4,000, but thia money could not be paid until the death of the Earl of Dysart. Whether the money would ever be paid at all was very .problematical, as the son of the present; Earl had gone insolvent, and the payment of the money, therefore, depended upon the son's honour. What relation the Earl bore to the insolvent, Johnston, was not elicited," ; The Hereford Journal presented to its readers a few weeks ago a supplement whiob, with tbe exception of slight differ ences in the fabric of the paper, the fashion of the type, and so forth, is a facsimile of the number of the same journal issued a hundred years ago namely, on January 31,1771. The con trast between the dwarfish progenitor and' its gigantic offspring, in the nature of its contents as well as in its size, is great. Some particulars relating, to the age of newspapers were at the same time oppor tunly given. There are not many journals in England which can boast of being more than a hundred years old. In London there are only two-the Public Ledger, a mere market report, and the Gazette, which is the medium for Govern ment official announcements. There are thirty-two English provincial newspapers more than a century old. Wales has not one. In Scotland there are three-one of which, the Caledonian Mercury, has the distinction of being tlje oldest paper in the world, having been established as early as 1660. Ireland has seven papers which have lived for upwards of a century. The knight of the divining»rod, C. Stewart, has signalised himself in his searoh for water, says the Wat*ga Wagaa Express, A gentleman in that district has made several unsuccessful attempts to find water, having sunk one shaft over 100 feet. Stewart, after examining the locality, said ho would obtain water, and offered to try, saying if he did not sue. ceed he would bear the expense himself. The bargain being concluded, he oom menoed preparations for sinking within thirty or forty yards of the dry and deep shaft we have before spoken of. There were no surface indications, and there was nothing in the configuration of thp surrounding country to lead an ordinary observer to believe that water would any more readily be found at that particular spot than at any other near at hand, but Stewart was confident, and dawn went the shaft. At about 14 feet from the surfaco a small spring was tapped, and at double the depth a larger ana stronger one, filling the well with 6 feet of water in the course of a night, was struck. A German, newly arrived, committed suicide in Melbourne on Monday last. He shot himself through the head in his bedroom with a pistol. No cause can be assigned for the rash act. He had over £50 in cash in his possession, George Dyer, self-accused, after the lapse of 13 years, of a murder committed ia 1857 oil George Wilson, was tried at the Castlemaine Circuit Court, on Wed nesday last, on the capital charge. Al though the prisoner retracted his confes sion some time after it was made, there oould be little doubt of the. truth of the .main portion of it; but one part of it left ifc doubtful whether he had killed Wilson in self-defence or not. Taking his own statement and the other evidence, the faots were that in November, 1857, Dyer and Wilson were mates at the Mia-mia I diggings. Wilson was suddenly missed, and soon afterwards the prisoner, left the , place, taking with him the tent. He then went to live at a place now called Vaughan,' about seven or eight ^ miles from Newstead. To a person named Sinclair there he said he had just come from the Mia-mia, and besides his own statement this was the only evidence that Wilson was ever at the Mia-mia j. one of .the witnesses who proved this at the Police-court, and who was to prove it j yesterday, had disappeared .'since the I police-court investigation, and could not | be found. A few days after Dyer left (the Mia-mia a body wps found in abater hole aboutGOyards from where it. was I supposed his tent was pitched. It was | not then identified. But an osaraination ' of it showed that the jaw had been frao tured as if by a spade or axe handle, and in the back part of the skull were several large holes, as if . caused by a pick,. It [ was these, and. not the fracture of the jaw, that caused death. The inference, therefore, was that Wilson had been first stunned by the blow'on the jaw, and then killed by such an instrument as a pick. The body, it was contended, need not bo identified w Wilson's, for the confession and the other evidence were sufficient to justify an inference that it was.' The prisoner defended himself, and asserted that he must have been labouring under an hallucination when ho made the confession j that her never was at the Mia-miai He had a recollec tion of beiug partner, with George Wilson for a short time; but he douied having quarrelled with him., The judge left it to the jury whether the prisoner, even if he committed the act, Was guilty of murdor or manslaughter, and the jury after deliberating an horn? and naif,, found him " Guilty" < of' tho 1 lesser offence.. He was sentenced to eight' year's hard labour. Tho prisoner is a short stout man, with rather a, resiles^ eye; He was very composed throughout - the trial, smiling once or .twice,' and once. | taking a technioal objeption to/the admission :of .evidence.\ There is a stfdiig, similarity between his oase and that ofia' mau named Sherwood, who murdered his wife at Norwich in 1851, aiitl con fessed the fact, 18 years afterwards", and without whoso confession there could never have been a oonviction, Like Dyer, he retyaotpd his confession iibut* worse ; than ho, his retraction: was ^ not believed, and ho was convicted, and executed, while Dyer escapes, with eidbt years' hayd labour.-v4r<yus. i Judging from the following paragraph it would seem that there are some ex tremely clever thieves near Warraambool, We quote from, the Examiner " We have been requested by Mr. George jf. Wells (representing Wilson, Crosbie arid Co.) to caution his brother travellers and/ others agaiusfc loaving their vehicles un attended on the road, Ho,states that;cln arriving at Dennington on Tuesday wight; between ten and eleven o'clock, he called* at Smith's Hotel io give his horse some water. Finding the house closed,-anil > thfrhorse-trougfr^ into the hotel to .obtain assistance.,"nlte, had left his horse and buggy loss than two minutes when he returned to the road,, and found his horse trotting up the hill with the vehicle. He made after it, and on reaching the - top of the hill,; about three hundred yards ? distant/ lie. discovered, a man running by. the side of the buggy with: the reins* in :his hands.: Mr.. Wells called out to the man to stop when within about thirty, yards, and the felbw then jumped into the buggy and galloped off.: The p.wnor; finding ttiat he could not overtake .the; runaway returned to Mr. Smith's Hotel,' and, unfortunately, no horse was obtain able with which to follow .the: rascal at a less distance, than Willie's Hotel; The. animal was seoured, and Mr.' C. Smith rode off towards Warrnambool to give information to the police. ? On the way he metiwo men on horseback, to whom he was known, and they told him that a horse and buggy were alongside Mr.: S. Maogregor's gate, fronting the Belfast road. Mr. Smith proceeded, on, and fouiid Mr. Wells's.horse and buggy at the spot mentioned. .The lights in both' lamps, had been put out, and the whole of the samples, consisting of gro ceries and cutlery, were upturned* and broken open. Mr. Smith took' back the buggy, leading the horse he had, borrowed, with^the goods just as he found them. On arriving at Dennington, Mr. Wells discovered that the grocery parcels had. been opened, but the goods were left, with the exception of a boxof cutlery, Which Mr. Smith oould not trace.. He therefore came to the conclusion that the man had made off with it. This was a tin case, with leather outside, and straps and buckles. The night was very" dark, andifc- was . nearly 12 o'clock when Mr. Smith returned. The matter is now in the hands of the police." 