(From Me Courier, j Marvborodou— Tiipuday, — BolauJ, the Shei-iff's Imilitl, died iu the lock-up this morning nf delirium tremeue. Tlie Mont IVny OupiieV Mine Company has coiumeuced uiwrations. Kiickhamptos — Wnluegdiiy. — TUt aboriginal ' l-r Ujwsuu,' who win uhargud with couiinittiuv a capil^d unVncu -iu a woman, wa« acquitted.— Boyd nud ltully, charged with committing au unnatural nflence at Tuwnsville, wure foimd guilty of an at tempt tii dimwit the utliinue. Boyd, aged fiixty t»vo, wan seuteiiceii to tlin.11 years' peiml servituile ; liully, a yuuth, wae sunteiiued tu ouu year's impl'is ouinciit in Ittsbaue giiul, with hard labor.— John Vow was found guijly »f .itk-iu;)tii)^ 1111 unnatural oll'enu!, and auntenceil (-i l-wmity-itiie jnouths' im prisomneiit.— Kicholas Keuwick, trieil on a charge of shouting an aboriginal, was aiajuitted. — Tbe trial -if Mrs IJegu, for murder, cuiuuiences to-murrow, and ie ex|Hicted to last two -ir tlii'L-e days. SrojrKi1— tPfclne&lay.;— 'Hie Uotvnuoeat do not intend tu iutrudncc tiny further schuiiie of taxatiou this sesaigu. — A uew ('iM- diggiiigK hns been dia oovtieJ iu:ur t'aruoar. — At tlit «oul «alos to-day prices reniiiiued uuijtei'ed.-rhe French vessels IC'igene and ?'rinoi^ Alfred w-jre tlmse which nt t.n-kod C'aptaiu Kumiali's stHtiun, -.'l»rke Island. SVDNHV — TItu rztitii/. — The IMe;ice Rill w»b Ktrangly ii]ipiiB«il in the Atsemlily last night. Tlie ?icliute wan adjourncii until tu--(uy. (In tlie assem bling of the ilmise tii-day then! wax uu ijuorum pre sent, and a further mljuuriiiiiciit tii'ik I'lauu.— Theiv ie great dissatisfaction amount tlie merchants regarding the dixuoiitinuoauce uf {lie Calif'iniiau mail service. — The wool sales Were brisker tu-day, MfXBoi'kNK — HWi/tWu//. — The body of Mrs Bamford, the dentist's wile, was found, decapitated, on the railway line. Mklbovkne- 1'hur*lay.— Mr Clow, the police uin.gUtrate%as lieuumc insane. 'I'llliBl! was a large attuiidauue at the Sihuol of Arts on Thursday evening Ust tu w ituess the open ing performances of Mcsera -.'l.:i[-inaii and Wilkic. Kioni the tldttenug i-ep^rts that precojud the great 'somatic «oiijurer,'we Were leJ to expect biimctuing wuiiderful, and iiot.vitl'sUiiding the 'dim religious li^ht' under which the various illusion? »veie per formed, we must certainly admit that tlie easy nou clialance exhibited liy Mr Chapiuau iu many of the most difficult tricks fully entitles liiui to the highest pouitiuu as a waster of the mystic art. The card tricks were all well performed, and some of them explained — after Mr Chapman's fashiou. The fortune telling coins, tbe universal bank, and the ring tricks' apfieared to excite general astonishment, and the 'ecutiud sight act' by the familiar 'Willie' was a regular puzzler. The interest iu the entertainment wan never permitted to flag for a single moment, Mr Chapman giving n clever and appropriate introduc tion to each trick. His explanation* wure inter- ' spersed with considerable huuiuur ; his jokes wera giHiil, and his jtuus exceedingly inyihrrvut. Tbp m. turt limueut was further eiihauoed by the excellent singing of Mr Alfred Wilkic, who is undoubtedly tlie best tenor siuger that has ever visited Too woomba. 'The Death of Nelson' waa rendered witli telling effect, aud secured a perfect ovation, audUle charuiiug ballad, 'When other lips and other hearts,' met with an equally favorable recep tion.' - The (KM-furmauce last uight was very well attended, aud 'the Ulan sealed up in a sackfull ot ghosts' excited tha wonder and applause of the audience. We uuderstand that the 'best of liis tricks' have been reserved fur this eveuing's perfor maucc, and cansequeoUr we have tittle or no hesi tation in predicting that the audience « ill be de lighted with the entertainment and Mr CbapmaD gratifieil with the reception he lias met with on his first visit to Toownomlia. A OOUBT for tlie revisiou of the electoral roll far tlie district of Drjytou aud Tuuwuamba waa opened at the Court-house on ThorecUy last before the Police Magistrate aud Messrs Jtecker, Anderson, Spin, and Wouderley, JJ.l*. Six. names were struck offthe roll, through death or removal from the di ^ trict, ami no objections h-tiug been received thF Coortstouoe proceeded to the uuuaideroiion of the new claims. About forty name* were added to the jail, whai tbe Court av!Jo«nwd tn 1 1 odoek «a Fri day «iomng. On resuming ito aittiog jwetenUy the Omit continued the erajninattmi nf 4he ntw tj»im«1 and two hundred and afxty-S'.-vea new elec tor* wore added to tbe roU OncUia. was rejeoted t^wKlwia. ^ I -''?'?''?» - ' -?*?- -w. in i _ .^ - '_? ? ? . _ TctfeUowing endow was taken intieecqairy hsUnotheaetbandSthaayirf kUrch, tovching the das* of Jans Webber, late of Ueringandm lluy Aamt Whivdl, aster of tiie deoeased, nU BhewMsUyingjAMeringandanontiieiudbiof the 25th instant; went to bed with deoeuet and her ?nilo^ about 8 oVl--ck; Mrs Webber did not ©om pUinof OlaeMprevioa* to retiring; but about 11 ?he joshed up in her bed, and asked witness to light* ? candle; she middle was shivering, and asked vitnan to throw a blanket over her; she afterwards said she wae dying, and asked witness to tie something to the he»d of the bed to hold by; ?be straggled a good deal, gasping repeatedly for breath, and died within ten minutes of the time ahe called witness ; deceased wae the mother of seven children, the last having bten born about ten weeka ago ; she complained ever since her last con6nement of shortness of breath, saying she could not walk about ; she had been Buffering from heart disease for many years, and also from dropsy ; she was about f orty-three yean of age. Or Roberto said that on the 26th inatuit he weut to Mr Samuel Webber's farm at Meriugaudsu, and saw the dead body of his wife, Jane Webber ; made a j«w( mortem ex amination of the body, and found much vascular disease of the heart, and enlargement of the great vessels leading from it ; the other organs were healthy ; such disease would undoubtedly be likely to result in sudden death ; believed the heart disease was tiie cause of death. At the Police Office yesterday James Nolan, Jas. Fngarty, h. Lendcrmier, aud John Hasett, were lined Ss and 3s 6d costs of Court for a breach nf the Carriers licensing Act. A MgitriNO was held at the Town Hall, Warwick, on Monday evening last, for the purpose of estab lishing a St. Patrick's Mutual Beuutit Society ill connection with the Society already established in Toowoomha. The meeting was largely attended, ami about forty names were placed upon the roll of members. It was agreed unanimously that the Society should be a branch of the Toowoomba Society aud registered under the Friendly Societies Act. Oahrikrs licenses have been granted to Mattliew Ware, John French, James Fngarty, and John Hasett. The Quernahmd Fxprat made it* last appearance on Thursday last. From the leading article of that day we gather the following : — The experiment com menced in October last of bringing out a newspaper iu Brisbane with capital consisting of little more than the lalior nf tlie proprietors, has failed. The credit system under which newspaper work has for ii long time been performed in Brisbane is nut easily broken tliruugh, and as on the one hand most of the advertisers in the paper expected credit, while on the other wages and expenses of various sorts had to be met weekly, the proprietors found that without incurring liabilities which they could n»t he certain nf being able to meet, the publication of tlic Ktpn- it could not be CDutiuued. \Vn (f/woich Ohnertcr) hear from reliable source that the population now on the ICskdale Diggings, has lieeniue viry much reduced in numbers, and that some persons who had proceeded thither with stnr-!S have returned to Ipswich, bringing back the greater portion of what they left with. The ab sence of alluvial workings renders it impossible for a large population to re:imiu -m the ground, and although we hear that the neighbourhood bus lieen prospect*.! within a radius of six miles, no pay able workings or even reasonable indications of t icir existuece have been yet discover. A Ooivrmafiit OaseUe lirtraonlinary was issued on Wed ncsday last notifying that His Excellency the Acting--iovern.ir had accepted the resignation of the Him Robert Uatusay, as Colonial Treasurer, and announcing the appointment of the Hon Joshua Peter Bell to the office, uuri also to a seat in the Executive Council. A second linzrtlr Extraordinary, issued the name day, announces that a writ lias been insued for the election nf a member for Northern Doa'iis, consequent upon Mr Bell's acceptance nf ullice. Tlie nouiinatioii will take place at Ualby, April 4tli ; polling, April Htli ; aud return of writ on the 18th. A singular accident attended with fatal conse quences oceiurcd to a little girl, daughter of Mr (?unrge Hurford, of North Ipswich, a few days ago. It appears that the child was amusing herself on a small swing, when she fell to the ground, Iipi- head striking a small piece of board in which was a com luou wire na.il, the (joint cutcriug the forehead just above the left eye. But little notice was taken of ta at the time, as there was but n slight iDnvk inude. Suuie days itfter the little one complained -if a pain in the head. A medical man was sent for who did all in his power for the child, who suffered most fearfully, and died on Tuesday morning. TllK llou. R. I'ring, i 'ommiasinnur for taking uvi- diMn« in regard to the management of goldlields, ir.id his secretary, Mr Apliu, iivmed iu (jyinpie on FiM»y last. The 7'i«w« of Kntunlay say* : I'lie length nf time the Gol ifi.Ids Commission will stay here will of course depend upon circumstances ; but w-! limy observe that there is reason to believe that tlie work will be done with proper care and deliber ation. The Commission will sit at tlie Local Mining Court house ou Monday, commencing at 10 a.m. We until*; that tlie miners in some parts of the North have beeen reluctant tocome forward and give evidence ; we expect from tlie miners of this gold - Held a little more spirit, anil hope to see them roll up and give tiieir opinions freely. The Co'iiiniesi'iij h is no power to mimnvm witnees ; thuy must there fore come f irwar I voluntarily. 