L .. ' Ai:: : ? I.TH.E :,.BAR BERS 51-10P.: ..~lidavgathered :a nosegay of ,flowers, a.niid ?tbre isioothirig" 6f'ny 'own but' the istriig.'that' 1B.JIEGN to th ik it i Js .justpossibl ehst; .'., :a aistake, was,:made in: salarying :our 'Igislators. The:; intention was :undoubtedly good, 'but, like many other good intentiohs, 3t.threatenl to; tirn out badly '"Those. who bliight- and Irddmit I was .one of theim -.?tha't the throawing of this sop .to Cerberus ouuld .tend. to keep the beast quiet, and pre -nnS: needless irushing.. and l: ooting of Ithe feasuryi,- are-ibeginin'g to'.daslk therimseles whotther.they may niot-haivemtiade a possible jistale .. I: T was., hoped a salany would i away..frosn.. the2 rank, and file of, the .oise-- the.. ?ullards and, the: medioasities -that insane ambition for a seat: on:the : teastiry bench (and good fat: scirew) that ,asm becoming moremarked, in. each succes e spsi on... But herein we whothought so alse armistaate.; Woe left pan, element, out of,,the: consideration'. of the' matter, which nsa upset. our calculations.<" W~, forgot that mchii liwoiild tiave m'oire. Thus, instead ef.birpressing attacks on..the Treasury,.it. sems .to me that the £300 a year has acted as the prerprandial nip is . supposed . to,. do. I4,has :given hon.members: the 'appetite:of the, horseleech, iwhichi is never, satisfied. , lie he Byal,tiger of Bingal,. which hayv-. ig?,ogne; tasted human blood, .is unw.illing to, settle,.down .,to. :ordinary fare, bat,,hbe eomes ramvenouslyy desiious, of ;more '" ber-, lood "- our h on: members, having, drawn iteir," fst cheques, at once set to, ork, to knock outa the .Mlinistry .in,. the hope, thart they ,would .thereby . increase? their, ownre ceipte.-:- Thus the, M'Culloch ,Administrii tiSn wassent to 'the right about, and . shal' npt bie .much 'istonished if Mr. I)uffy's. is soon made.to follow. it,.' Now. I,, for.. m.y Iprt, .want. to. see this alteredI By, all means:turn out a Ministry when there isja leeds be for it, but equally by all means do i.ot do so.:, excepting on: very good' and sufficient. giounds, . and, when" you,. have " is*,'· .... , " " ' '' tslihejl ing .bietter than ,a " fortuitous,e con-, course of atoms'! to succeed them., Whilst th''Ins' and the Outs: are fighting as'to w.llb.: isilll have the. spoilithe. country is s'ffring for want of good honest ..egisla tro.b'I . didn 't like r. Mr.F :anciss proposed p!roperty-tax-not' a bit. of' it; : but it: diid enunciate.a., sound principle; : and I' can easily' coinceive that the late Ministvry with th.', property-tax, might : have been. more beA.eficial, to.the countrythan.the present one :,wvithout ,it- It wonder i whether .,there would 'be such unseemly stiuggles to get intbo office,', if' success . brought with: it 'no monetary increment. on the :modest £300 . year: 6f an,, ordinary! member'?. I should like to.see the .experiment, tried,, as. I believe then. there would be,. fewer . scrambles after office'for inere pelf .and that the couritiry orild be all, the better,legislated for.". As it is, here, we nare with .the. wheel of the state waggon in a rut, and Mr. Duffy, I'm afraid, is not the Jupiter ,to show. us how Sto get it.out again. ·&: , • : dare say,: you .have often .been-. amused by ,reading contradictory .passages, in which the most. different views have been expressed. Iiknow. I.have.. Perhaps.: this one. may mi~ske you, as the song :says; ."'Smile, as tio: wereit wont to smile."' ,Le.t me.: pre. nzie, thiat I have taken it. from the issue of,:the papers named for the .same day, .and it':refers to, the,. Iorsley :concert given, in the Prahiran .Towin.'Hall last week:- -?e coucert,was very poorly attended. Messrs. Beaumont, Seide, and Schott failed to. put ill an appearance... IDAILY., TELEGRAPH.. There was a very good attendance. ,A?nongst the performers were Armes Beaumont. Most' of the leading instrumentalists, including HIerei', Schoit, and Seide, tookipart in thle eliter rrinimen'. Mrs. Fox sang the Echol song, with Ilptetobligato by. Mr. Seide. '1When doctors disagree, wihosl.all decide?" ~iidto know, but I should like to .know coof thesetwo paragf.aphists,.was, right ,.ld hLh.wrong., as. it's quite.bawilderingtd, a -plain? man like me to read?such conflicting statemifents; t ; . u -" .", f"..''. :it's~' a 'iter of"'very little csisequincd?; still as it is bettei'to b ight thinw ; n even in a trifle I will point out how.eeith?qr Mr. Michie .or one. of :hisi reporters-..was ,lately at :faulk .. The ?chon. ex?Attorney;Gezeral' wasi reported to have said i: hisfi electioin sipeech in Prahran Tiowni Hall las??i eek, indulging; in a .little pleasant sarcasm a·s to/,the reason of Mr. P. Jdl-partin's opposition to his election, .that .the Pig :was used by that, well-Ikniown Dublin:: briewer Guinness as the branid for his popular': sdtout "This is not so. The- Pig" is Edmbonds'. birand, iforget wihat .'Guinness's.is now, it having. beencheanged recently, I believe, but if the agents will~ send me a case: I shall: be glad eo publish the iinformation another week. IAs ?touching the Dandenong-road( ghost -though the adjective, I think, is; scarcely appropriate, for. whilst many persons will depose to having seen it, not one,:that I can learn, has had the pleasure of: that :demon stration of existence in referenice toi't which is said to be more satisfactory. an ,ocular eyidence--', Seeing is believing, but; feeling is the, naked truth." ":.'I know :some who would onlybe too delighted'if his ghost ship ,would give them ans' dpportunity of touohing him-tha t is,. if, as they;believe, it is:of the masculine, gender. Under such conditionsI feeljustified in asserting that it would be " rough" for the ghost. I feelhowever, shUt up to oiine of t~b. Opi-. nions, respectin :: this . e~iahly .,uneaithly visitor.. T'hus :,Either the. announcements made last week of its. recognition, were premature, or else there must be inore than one.ghost in the field. And fori this rea son I under'siand.. that thIe thing w.hiat: 'ever it .may.be-wasseeq, and1 chased.: last Saturday.night. NowI want ::this larking tubejput a stop to .It does not disturbhme, bht it fighteis timid people anid clildren. Itlias already. done.se largely; .anl .. fear to a more alarmaing .etent than is; generally iknown.: Therefore, I think .it beha;es the police to put it down, and I also think it is haidly crieditable to them that?ld?hey ,hive not ulready done so. I cannot but believe that if they had gone outwith such: a determination, they: would:have succeeded :beforei this.. Of ourse~, :they:-shouldn't go in uniformi,. and they Should carry' i ':revolver; .ai?,d' if they aw..anythingresembling the popular.belief of what a ghost is like,".they should use the revolver.. Even if they shot it dead, and it. turned out to .,be a· human .fobol, the universal verdict would, be. "Very Justifiable homi cide."" But I 'do notbelieve so extreme a measure ivouild ' be required. I lhave a strong opiion'. 'that if. it were once well known that such an expedition was .nightly in search of the ghost1 then- the ghost would be effec ually- layed.: IL never yet leard that gbosts like the smell of powder, .and such an one as 'I believe 'thisi to be would assuredly object 'to a bullet finding.a billet in its (the ghost's) economy . Will you bear wi-th mte if9' ask • you-. to mub up your memory,'.and recall to youi at tention for ia. i moment the case of Hmug Levinger ? In. doing .so I: hanve not. the slightest wish to.rfijp;:open an old sore.;..but as the view.vI took of his escape.fi-om punish ment subjected me to adverse, though not unkindly, eriticism, it is but natuial that. I sholild feel gratified at finding. my view incidentally - endorsed .by Earl .,:Kimber ley, the Secretary of State.for the. Colonies In.a 'despatch recently sent to the Governor of New South Wales, .in reply to" one -from Earl Belmore announcing that he had re leased from ciustody,.aptain I Hovell and Rangi, Earl. Kimberley:'siys :-'-. I cannot see that the unfortunate miscarriage of jus tice in the case of Levinger,. through the technical .er'ror of. the disallowanice' of the prisoner's' challenge of. a juryman, ip any degree diminishes the guilt of the. other two prisoners who were duly .convicted.; and I am, therefore, unable., to concur., with you in ,the opinion that the. escape of i Levinger from punishmeht. was a reason sufficient..for the release. of.:Hovell- and JRangi' .' Thus youtsee.that.if 'I erred, at any.; .rate I erred in:g:.od company. : ." : .:'" S!Thiisis the season for irepairi igrotidsji annd I find ?idie whi!hiway Ii"Will, s;thes i brokein bluestonie cast on the s'urf~iie 'o the roads to be ground down bj the. vehlular traffic. HIaving had ior the. .past .three.. or, four weeks ofmy daily: journeyingris to:pass over, somewhere or anotheir nore or less of these repairs "'nio'rd rither thanii less-you will not be sirprised ti learn that my temper is none. the better thresorai . Perhaps it; would not;astonish you much if:I: were to confess that, in the bitterness of suffering caused by the " Battle :his bones'ver the stonesd'' treatment I. have, been ,sub.jected:,to--and from whichI: see no. immediate prospect of relief-I have cauoht myself now and again indulging in anatbemas, "'not loud, but deep'," ag.inst al? municipal autithorities whatsoever. I am well aware that roads must ..be mended.;. but I do not believe that' spreading: unalloyed bluestone cubes on a hard' unbrokei' Surfacd is the proper mode of doing so. 'It is both unrpleasant and unecononmical. I am not, a surveyor, but it seems to. me that common 'sense. is enough:to:guide one right in;this matter. It would not be orthodox just now,' perhaps, to urge the use of Thomson's' road- steam e, but I do think tilat if thai or. 'somine other .eavy roller, were employed. as soon as. the metal mixed with a sufficiencyof blinding was spread, an all but solidsurface would be. at once foirmed, to the great comfort of riders, a?iid the saving of horseflesh and of muni' cipal funds. The.i'rst cost might be: mo:e; but the extra wear would.more than recoup that. SIt is proposed' to establish here a societby for the Prevention "df Crdelty to A?nimars. There will be pienty of scope for' its ope rations; .and, one of the : firnt cases,. if: it comes intoexistence, .Ishould like to see it take- up,.r wouldbe the above, as: 1 cobsider that'(what I' have, there 'complaiied, of is needless and .unmitigated cruelty on -" that noble animal the horse," 'as natural· history books'stylk man's equine friend. I don't know'whether the dodge of selling a straw and givipg away a.ook is .practised here, .but itused to be common 'enough. at home: , A clever ':patterer would often make a good deal of money by it.: Ihave heard more' than 'one in my peregrinations raise the public curiosity to°jo intense a . , . c , , .. ? , . ? ,, ..,., ... pitch that.he.got rid of his stock in ,quick time. By exaggerated description and. art ful: insinuation 'ot.:forbidden contents-" I daren't sell this ere book; it's agin the law to do so; .but'i if 'you'll':buy a straw for a.penny, I'll give you a copy of it'l--the seller would set wide. open the mouths of his., wondering audience, and draw their pennies from their pockets. I need scarcely add that the illegitimate 1iBmne bouchei, was found on perusal to be perfectly harmless, and thlat the buyer ,found he hadibeen sold. It. would ill.-become me to insinuate that so re spectable a person as thesuperintendent of the Imminigiants Homewould willingly copysuch an example, but.a notification he madepublic lately has a wonderful.vraisemblance thereto. It is to the effect that the .authorities of the Home "haive a large 'quantity 'of valuable geraniumn and verbena cuttings, which illhej are seeking to dispose, of. They will not sell them to compete with..the nurserymen, but the donation, of 'a" few.shillings to the Home will be acknowledged by a present of cuttings." "hboild think-the nurserymen must ?e 'particularly delighted .at this con sideration for them, especially as 'the Ifdme also. announces its ability to send out men to do up gardens at 2s.' aday and a dinner... 