THE GOBLIN, SEEN BY JEMMY BINKS ON HIS WAY HOME FROM PADDY'S MARKET. BY OLD BOOMERANG. (CONCLUSION.) WHEN Mr. Binks went to the boot factory on Monday morning the foreman remarked, with a waggish wink, "How is your elbow, Jemmy?" He replied, "If my heart were as easy as my elbow, Mr. Clams, I should be a far happier man than I am this morning. Rheumatism is pleasant tickle compared with a troubled conscience." There was a general titter among the workmen at that sober reply, and one of them hinted that "Jemmy's old woman had been rubbing him down with a broomstick." That bit of homely wit caused a loud laugh at Jemmy's expense, but he bore it quietly, and mentally argued, "Better to let them make a fool of me in their own way than to make a fool of myself in trying to please them." "I propose that you shout for nobblers of schnapps all round, and that will stretch your heart, and make it as easy as an old slipper," said Radical Tommy; to which proposition his shopmates unanimously responded; and one of them offered to "carry the motion" from the "Rollicking Clicker," if Jemmy would hand out a dollar to pay for it. "Listen a moment, shopmates," said Jemmy, in a very serious tone. "You saw me tipsy on Saturday night, and you saw me tossing for drink, and perhaps disgracing myself in other ways. I now tell you that I am ashamed of myself for those acts. In committing them I violated a pledge and a promise, which have been useful barriers between me and misery for seven long years. I have suffered severely for my folly, but not in the way Jack Carss imagines. My wife never raised a broomstick over my head—no fear of that. She has too much good sense to be a brawler, or to forget her marriage vows in any other way; and that is a solid reason why I should study her comfort and peace of mind. She always does her best to make my home cheerful, and-----" "Ha, ha, ha! Here's a jolly lark at six o'clock on Monday morning! Jemmy is going to preach to us. Get him a tub to mount on, Mike," cried the man who had been facetious before, and whose tongue was seldom still, except when the master was near. "Shut up, Jack Carss, or I'll hit you on the head with a boot!" shouted the foreman. "Give every man fair play in this factory. Go on, Jemmy. Let us hear what you have to say, old boy! But don't be too long winded, for the bell will ring in three minutes." "I was going to say that it is my duty, and my interest too, to study my wife. If I had no higher aim than to make a peaceful home, it ought to be enough to induce me to shun drunkenness; but there is a happier home beyond this life, and it is certain that no drunkard can enter it, but he will go to—" "Come, come, Jemmy! you are going too far now. It is against the rules of the factory to spout religion or politics inside the gates," interrupted the foreman. "Besides, you must not insinuate that any one encourages drunkenness here. That won't do, you know. The master would sack all hands if he sus- pected such a thing." "I beg pardon, Mr. Clams—I was merely going to say that I must either be a strictly sober man or a drunkard. I cannot observe moderation, as you can, so a grog-shop is like a soul-trap to me, though it may be comparatively harmless to you. I don't presume to judge any other man's capacity, but I know full well that if I were to drink only half a glass of grog just now it is almost certain that I should do no work to-day. A craving for more drink would master me, and ten to one I should get drunk before break- fast time. I have had too much miserable experience of my weakness on that point to trust myself even to smell a glass of grog. It is a humiliating confession, but it is true as I'm a living sinner." "Ring the bell, Jack!" shouted the foreman. "Now you must stop your sermon, Jemmy. Preach all day on Sundays if you like, but week days are for work and nothing else." "Please to hear me for half a minute longer, Mr. Clams. I don't want to meet a drunkard's doom, so I must be a total abstainer; and I now say—in the presence of all hands, so that they may not be mistaken in future—as long as I live I will never again touch, taste, or handle anything that is in the least degree intoxicating, no matter by what gentle name it may be called. If I do not make this resolution, and keep it firmly, my comfortable home will soon become desolate, and I shall most certainly go to everlasting ruin myself. That is all I have to say, shopmates, and I hope I don't give offence to any one. Now I will go to my work." It is needless to relate all the oppo- sition and annoyance Jemmy met with throughout that week. The subtle arguments of old Tommy, the coarse jeers of Jack Carss, and the ribald laughter of the whole shop, at the practical joke of Mike Lacy, who forced an old tin kettle into Jemmy's new hat. But he bore it all patiently, and thought that the most they could say or do would be mere fun com- pared with the fright and misery he had endured through his late disgraceful break-out. On the next Saturday night Jemmy went to Paddy's Market at his usual early hour, intending to buy a new basket, and to try if he could fill it with a more useful variety of wares than he had bought at his last marketing. Soon after entering the southern shed he heard a little boy say in an exultant tone, "Oh, father! here comes the funny man that bought all our carrots!" Jemmy felt almost as much abashed at the remark as he was seven years ago at one of Mr. Shepherd's convincing sermons; and he whispered to himself, "Ah, my poor boy, you will not have a chance of selling your stock off in one lot, and of going home early to-night, unless you find another tipsy fool." He passed through that shed without buy- ing anything. On entering the northern shed he was accosted by the "cheap Jack," who had sold him the mason's mallet. He slapped Jemmy on the back with rude familiarity, said, "I have a real bargain for you to-night, gov'nor—a job lot of rasps and files, slightly damaged by sea water." "Well, wait till I get drunk again, mister, and then very likely you may sell me your rusty rasps to put away with the useless mallet, but I won't buy them to-night at any price." Seeing that there were other dealers along the shed looking out for him to tempt him with more bargains of a mouldy sort, Jemmy turned round and walked out of the market again. He went home in a Woollahra omnibus, and told his wife he had made up his mind that henceforward she should buy the domestic wares herself, for she knew better than heid what she wanted in the house. Sally was so pleased at that announcement that she could not help kissing him. The next morning Jemmy's conduct was as devout and decorous, both inside the church and outside the porch, as it had been on the preceding Sunday, giving cheering evidence to the minister that the im- provement in his erring member was not of a mere transient nature. In the afternoon, instead of taking his customary nap, Jemmy went out to visit a poor man who had been bedridden for nine months with a cancer. His visit cheered the sick man and did his own heart good also, for it taught him a practical lesson on patience under suffering. On Monday evening, soon after tea, Mr. Shepherd called at Jemmy's house. His visit was ostensibly to ask Mr. Binks to help a sick neighbour, but he had another object which he did not at once explain. Mr. Shepherd had studied men as books. He knew that there is as great a variety in human character as there is in all natural objects, animate or inanimate,—that as no two minds are exactly alike, so he strove to ac- quaint himself, as far as practicable, with the charac- ter of each member of his flock, in order that he might better perform his responsible duty as pastor. He had been instrumental in reclaiming Jemmy from habitual drunkenness, and for seven years had seen him leading a new life, but of late his observant eyes had marked a change, and he knew not how to arrive at the right cause. He regretted it deeply, for though Jemmy had not been unduly exalted to posts of re- sponsibility in the church, he had been a very useful member in his way—inasmuch, as his steady walk and conversation set an example to others, and showed plainer than sermons could do, the power of Divine grace, which could change "old Jemmy Binks the drunken cobbler,"—as he was called—into a thoroughly sober and righteous man. Mr. Shepherd dreaded the influence of Jemmy's defection on the minds of younger members of his church, as well as the outsiders, who are always quick to remark when a godly man goes wrong; and he was prompt in apply- ing counteracting efforts. While Mrs. Binks was washing up the tea-things in the kitchen, Jemmy and his pastor sat in the front parlour enjoying a little familiar chat. After a while, Jemmy made a few preliminary ahems. "I hope you will pardon me, sir, for asking you a delicate question. What do you think of—of—evil spirits?" "I suppose you mean spiritism? Mr. Binks. Well, I tell you candidly, I do not know much about that mystery, for it is out of my line. I am told that there are some persons in this neighbourhood who hold seances, as they are called, in their houses; but I was never present at such operations and do not pre- tend to know anything about them. I should, how- ever, positively object to anything of the sort being practised in my house; and if I were a landlord I would not allow my tenants to practise it, if I knew it, lest my property should become valueless. I was informed the other day that a house, which was once occupied by a zealous spiritist, is now haunted by a host of frolicsome ghosts, which play many strange pranks. Whether it is true or not I cannot tell,— but people evidently believe it, for no one will rent the house at any rate, or live in it rent free. My firm opinion is, Mr. Binks, that it is the safest course to keep clear ot all such mysterious agencies; then your night's rest will not be disturbed by them." "I didn't exactly mean that sort of spirit, sir, I mean the evil one—or to speak plainly, if I am not too bold —the Devil, sir." "I scarcely know how to make a distinction, Mr. Binks. I am confident of this, however, that the Devil cannot hurt either you or me, if we do not give place to him, any more than the butcher's bulldog down the street, can bite us if we keep outside of the range of his chain. Why do you ask me this startling question, Mr. Binks?" "Because I think I saw the Devil on Saturday night, sir," said Jemmy, beginning to tremble again. "I both saw and heard him, or one of his crew, sir." "Indeed! that is an extraordinary experience for a good man. May I ask you, Mr. Binks, if you were quite sober at the time?" Jemmy half expected that question, and had made up his mind to make a clean breast, so he told Mr. Shepherd the particulars of his recent debauch, and the sliding process of aloholic sipping that had pre- ceded it. "I see, Mr. Binks, you have fallen into the same snare that has inveigled many unwary temperance men, and it is a mercy that you are so soon aroused to a sense of your error," said Mr. Shepherd, kindly. "But I do not believe that the Devil was instrumental in arousing you. No, no—depend on it, sir, it was not his warning voice that you heard. His policy would be quite contrary to that. But we will not argue the point at present." Mr. Shepherd then ex- pressed his opinion very plainly on the growing tendency of reformed drunkards, to tamper with alcholic compounds of various sorts, under the equivocal guise of medicine, and adduced several ex- amples of good men and women who had been lured by such baits into their old habits of drunkenness. "I do not unconditionally denounce good wine, or good spirits either, as many worthy brethren do," con- tinued Mr. Shepherd. "To constitutions that require a moderate stimulant occasionally, such things may be beneficial—it is a matter for a doctor's decision, I would not obtrude my opinion. But of this I am confident, that there are thousands of persons in the land to whom all alcoholic drinks are positively dangerous, and they cannot safely touch them— because they cannot observe moderation in the use of them. A single sip or even a smell will tempt them to get drunk. I have no hesitation in recom- mending such persons to abstain teetotaliy. I gave that advice to you Mr. Binks, seven years ago, and you have often told me that it did you good. I now advise you to renew your pledge—nay, nay, my friend do not condemn yourself so hopelessly! Other good men have made sinful steps, and have recovered their standing in society, and so may you. Thank God, you are not utterly cast down! Will you resolve in the strength which Almighty God will supply, if you ask it, that you will hence- forth abstain from that which you know you cannot indulge in without endangering your health, your domestic peace,—aye, and your immortal soul. If you will thus resolve, sign my book again." "I will—I will, Sir! and with God's help I will keep my pledge as long as I live." Jemmy then took a pen and signed his name under his former signature. He then went on his knees beside his delighted pastor, and prayed for strength to keep the vow he had just registered. * * * * * Mr. Binks's nerves gradually recovered their wonted firmness, and his nose toned down to a sober hue. Some of his steady neighbours, who had suspected that something was wrong with him, were glad to see such unmistakable signs that he was all right again. To this day he ignores his wife's opinion, that Brown's goat was the goblin that scared him home in such a hurry, and the carrots on his back were the attraction to the animal; but Jemmy says that no goat in the world ever stood seven feet high, or had such an unearthly voice. She might have reminded him that men in his condition that night always see double, but she did not like to hurt his feelings. One night when Sally was in a playful mood she shrieked "Meg-eg-eg-geg" in his ear, just for a bit of fun, but it almost frightened him into a fit, so she resolved never to do it again, or to joke in any way about Jemmy's adventure; for after all, it was no joke for her, but one of the happiest realities that ever took place in her married life. 