SPORTING. QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY RACES. riRST Day: Wednesday, May 24.. ;atewaras— an* jonn^Morpnett, non. jonn Baker, Hon. John Crozier,YMessrs. C. B. Fisher ; and H. C. Gleeson; 31. P. Judge— Mr. John tary — rar. ju. i/. Conner. ; ( ? / ? ' 'Wednesday may be regarded as a test- day for the Turf in South Australia, and the public have unequivocally declared 'in favour of its revival. All the circumstances, it is true, were condu cive to such a verdict, but this they have been over and over before 'without producing the same result. Mr.- Conner and his colleagues, who have laboured so diligently and perse veringly to present a programme worthy of general acceptance, may take heart o' grace from observing' the ; manner in which their exertions have been appreciated. We are not aware that Queen's. Birthday racing has been much resorted to in the past, but after Wednes day's experience it ought to become a regular etfgagment; unless,' indeed, a Jockey Club can be got together to take the thing into their own hands and appoint their own times. ?It is not too much to .say that the Old Ade laide Racecourse— at all times a pretty one— never looked prettier than on this Queen s Birth day. Jt looked infinitely better than on the Duke's Day, and the weather was infinitely more enjoyable. There was no heat worthy of the name, and yet the sky was almost cloudless, and the sun had full play upon the .awkwardly placed Graud Stand. For the rest the . verdant grass clothing the park; the thickly-foliasred native trees spreading to the westward and north- westward; the . towers and spires and lofty buildings of the city just visible behind them; the pleasant villas and orardens to the northward, and the grass- covered hills to the eastward and southward, with the ever-varying play of light and shade upon them, formed a coup d- ceil of surpassing beauty. The clumps of trees in the park itself have now grown to such a size that they obstruct the view of the running at certain points, but by way of compensation to the iuconvenieuce that this causes they con stitute so many clearly-marked stages in the Course, and a pleasing effect is produced by the appearance of the horses as they.emerge from behind them. The arrivals on the ground on Wednesday began at an early hour, and at first consisted chiefly of pedestrians who employed themselves in aclmiring the rows of streamers that had been set up over the Stand, arid speculating upon comin * events. Shortly after 12 the real work of con veying the public to the Course commenced, and it proceeded without 'interruption until 2 o'clock. To perform this important service all the available carriage accommodation it Adelaide had laid itself out. Omnibuses of the leviathan and all lower types, carriages of infinite variety of , construction and extent of capacity— for Adelaide, if it can boast of nothing else, has good reason to boast of the heterogeneous cha racter of Hs licensed conveyances— put them selves in the way of custom, and were not disappointed. Some hundreds of vehicles betook themselves eastward with full freights of sport-struck cituena, and then having got the better of the run upon them camped outside the Stand until their services were needed for the return journey. 'Capital— just, like old times'— was the expression in every one's mouth in reference to the appearance of the Course. And truly old times would have to be ransacked for several years back to discover any thing— bar the Duke's Day— to compare with it. As for the^atten dance, it had to be reckoned by thousands— five or six at the least. Mr. Coglin and those who have assisted him in preparing the grounds for sport have dealt liberally in the matter of fences, but the fences were utterly, unable to accommodate those who found it inconvenient to obtain a passport to the Stand enclosure, and impos sible to secure a footing on the carriages taking that term in its widest meaning— which filled the roadway and crowded into the place appointed for them within the Course. The bulk of the people had to be content with peering, as opportunity served, through a living wall of spectators, or running frantically about from position to position, making up in excitement what they lacked in know ledge of the progress of events. It is a fact— gratifying perhaps to the financial department, but unsatisfactory to the multitude at large— that a good view of the running from start to finish can only be obtained by those who pay for it. There is no chance of thousands witnessing the entire circuit as at Flemington, but the outsiders on Wednesday were- good natured enough not to resent this natural defect in the situation, and although there was a good deal of shuffling, there. was no fighting. Beyond the bolting of a most unlikely-looking animal attached to a four-wheeled buggy, who was soon captured, and the appearance on the Course of two or three contemptible-looking curs, who after being made heartily ashamed of themselves by the execrations of the crowd willingly sub mitted to removal by a friendly policeman, there was really nothing to distract attention from the great business of the day. The scene intae saddling-paddock was exceedingly animated, and was well set off by the aspect of the Grand Stand. A posse* of bookmakers from some foreign clime put . a sporting finish to the picture. Their industry was in defatigable, their conversational powers taxed to the utmost, and not in vain either, for their 'lays'! were appreciated more than usual. Moreover, the extent of the sweepstakes indulged in amongst those who didn't feel inclined to ''lay' afforded a clear evidence that money is getting a little easier than it was. Just after luncheon His Excellency, accompanied by Miss Fergusson and the Aide-de-camp, drove on to the ground, and was received with the customary musical honours. Space, apart from the danger of omitting some of the most important names, will not admit of an enumeration of the other notabilities. All the orders in the Executive and Legislature were represented — Ministers in anything but levee costume, and highly respectable members of the colonial Lords and Commons in race-day suits. All the learned professions, not excepting the cloth, had representatives, and so also had every grade of commercial, pastoral, mining, and agricul* turallife. To crown all, there was a brilliant concourse of ladies to take the place of the ' fair sprinkling' which has so often to do the honours of the Grand Stand. In every respect it was a national gathering, and all and singular seemed bent upon enjoyment. With such weather and sports and company, it would have been difficult for them to have done other than enjoy themselves. There was a Band present and the usual guard of foot and horse police, and the catering of Mr. Aldridge below stairs was everything that could be wished; The supply of refreshments was equal to the demand, and the quality equal to the quantity. In speaking of the races themselves, it is only fair to compliment the Secretary, the Stewards, and all in authority on the punctuality observed. The announced time was adhered to with com mendable strictness, and as a result the Hacks were run before 5 o'clock. For each of the five events there was a good field, and the fact that few comparatively of the- horses had run on Adelaide turf before gave an additional spice of interest to the proceedings; For the Flying Handicap there were fourteen acceptors, and opinions were evenly balanced as to their merits. Some attempt was made to get up an excitement about Touchit and Marquis, but it did not answer. The former gelding, just brought over from Melbourne by Mr. Ryan, is a wejl shaped animal, but it is evidently unfit for a big race. Duke of Wellington was fought shy of* on the ground that he had been overtained, and the result proved this impression to be correct. There was some talk about Freeholder^ a large-framed full -boned gelding, and King fisher,; but none of Mentor, the. only twoyear old in the race, who after all did the trick | beautifully. 'Then 'came the.. Ace of Clubs' .Produce Stakes, Irish King was in capital | form;' and had a more aristocratic look than' his j fellows, but he has defective points which will jtell fatally against him, as a . weight-carrier. jWith 8'jSt. 10 up and for a short distance he [goes as sweetly as could be wished for any- two year-Dld1. On 'Wednesday he had the further [advantage of being ridden by Simpson. The time was hot, 1 rain. 38 sec. Pocahontas and JBaron were in good condition, although not in isuch trim as His Majesty.. Irish Queen' was a great disappointment. After leaving the pad !dock she had to return to be hitched up : again, land in the race lagged far behind. The South {Australians have the consolation of knowing that they have been beaten by a colt born 'in the colony and bred up in it until the migration ;of Dr. Bathe to Melbourne. Besides, he made a 'good show for the Victorian Ascot Vale8, run in ithe same time as the race on Wednesday, so ?that there is little disgrace to the colony in 'owning him victor. For the Town Plate jNimblefoot met his old opponent Lapdog, and jgot very much the better of him. He is a big .well- knit horse, but has no special beauty to recommend hin\ He would pass in a crowd without' exciting much notice, aud notwith standing his reputation he was allowed to go to the post without being besieged by admirers. |He is very free in action, with a long firm stride, and has proved himself a safe weight- carrier. JH:s size and strength give him an advantage 'over Lapdog when the imposts are even, and Mr. Gilbert has acted judiciously in withdrawing him from competition in the Queen's Hundred. The little horse has the appearance of being rather cramped in the hind -quarters as the result of his Melbourne accident, but it is a satisfaction to know that he is not crippled to the extent it was at one time feared he would be. Don Giovanni ran well, and is sure to be heard of again . Gl endower is a strong and well-fashioned horse, and from his appearance in the field better things were expected of aim. Crusader had to be scratched, an accident through which his near foreleg was severely injured having disabled him. Nimblefoot was kept well in hand, and watched Lapdog until within half a mile of home, when he took up the runing, and won very much as he liked. In the Autumn Handicap the Victorian horses Touchit and Norman were nowhere. Old Darkie, who has had an extended and successful provincial career, but has been very chary of town meetings, carried off the prize in what was undoubtedly the be3t contested race of the day. Paul Jones made a good show at first, but could hot with the weight on him outlive the distance. Ithaca made a good second, the unlucky Flying Dutch man securing third place. The Hacks was won in fine style by Mr. Hughes's Lady. The detailed account of the races follows:— Flying Handicap.— 25 sovs., added to a sweep 6i 3 sovs. Three-quarters of a mile; 1 sov. nomination; 2 sovs. acceptance. Mr. G. Baker's Mentor, by Lucifer, out of Eugenie, 2 yrs., 6 st. 5 lbs. (Ward) ..., ,1 Mr. J. Gilbert's br.c. Kingfisher, 3 yr3., 8 st. ' 2 lbs. (H. Rowe) ? ... ... 2 Mr. W. Hutchinson's b.g. Pickpocket, 5 yrs., . , 7 st. 8 lbs. (Hales) ... ? .;. .'..' 3 Thirteeeri others started r Time, 1 min. 21 sec. Ace of Clubs' Produce Stakes.— 100 sovs.,. added to a sweep of 10 sovs.; to be run for by the produce of the late' Ace of Clubs. Distance, 7 furlongs j weights— 8 st. 10 lbs.; fillies, 8 st. 7 lbs. Mr. J. J. Miller's cr.c. Irish King, dam 1 Conceit, 2 yrs., 8 st. 10 lbs. (W. Simpson)... 1 Mr. G. Bennett's ch.f. Pocahontas, 2 yrs. 8 st 7 lbs, (Brown) ..: ... ? 2 Messrs. Jewell' k Nicholls's ch.c. King of Trumps, 2 yrs,, 8 st. 10 lbs, (Mathews) ... 3 Mr. P. B. Cogh'n's b.c. The Baron, 2 yrs.. ' 88tl01bB.(Tothilty I Mr. Mallen's ch.f. Irish Queen, 2 yrs., 8 st. 7 lbs. (H. Rowe). Time, 1 min. 38 sec. Town Plate.— 70 sovs., added to sweep of 5 sovs.; half -forfeit; 1 sov. entrance. One mile and a half ; weight for age. If forfeit declared before 10 o'clock of the morning of the race half of the sweep will be returned. Mr. Hoslrin's b.g. Nimblefoot, by Panic out of Quickstep, aged, 10 st. lib. (Lang) ,.. 1 Mr. J. Gilbert's br.g. Lapdog, 6 yrs., 10 st llb.(Tunstain... ... ... ... ... 2 Hon. J. Baker 8 colt Don Giovanni, 3 yrs., 8 st. 10 lbs. (Mathews) ? 3 Three others started. Time, 2 min. 51 see. Autumn Handicap.— 50 sovs., added to a sweep of 5 eovs.; 2 sovs. nomination; 3 sovs.' acceptance. Two miles. Mr. Freeman's br.g. Darkie, believed to be by Muscovado out of Queen of Clubs, aged, 8 st. 6 lbs. (Williams)... ... ... ... 1 Mr.R. Holland's ch.f. Ithaca, 3 yrs., 6 st. 8 lbs. (Long) ? ... ... 2 Mr. P. McEnhill's b.g. Flying Dutchman, 4 yrs., 6 st. 10 lbs. (Ward) ... ?'.;. ... 3 Eight others started. Time, 3 min. 51 sec. [ This closed the day's sport. : Second Day: Thursday, May 25. j The weather was again delightful, and the attendance large. The first act in the sporting drama was the race for the Maidens. Thirteen stood on the card for this, but Iris hKing was disqualified, and Marquis was drawn, so that only eleven competed. As usual very little was known about the capabilities of the horses, and betting was not brisk. The struggle lay between Don Giovanni, Kingfisher, Ithaca, and Norma, and Mr. Gilbert's colt came off best. For the Queen's Hundred there were eleven acceptors, but owners, with an excess of prudence which will probably be called by another nameacross the Border, drew out one after the other, leaving the race entirely in Nimblefoof s hands. There were only three starters— Glendower, who made a fine spurt at first, and then threw up the game; Flying ^ Scud, a station horse, who to the surprise of every one persistently hung on to the favourite, and kept him up to a stiff racing pace for a full mile of the distance ; and finally Nimblefoot. Of course a horse capable of frightening eight com petitors—some of them high in local reputa tion—out of the field, could not fail to excite curiosity, and so Lang had to hold a series of levees from the time his horse was unclothed until he got him fairly out of the paddock. The second act of the drama had decidedly dragged, but with the third the interest began to revive, and before its conclusion it had attained to fever heat. The event was the Steeplechase, and the incidents proved to be thrilling enough for a well-seasoned melodrama of the modern type. There were seven performers, and as the curtain rose their appearance was closely criticised. The huge ungainly figure of Topthorne, who shows daylight enough under his body for the horse of Troy itself, attracted but little notice. Nabocklish was in good condition ; but no amount of fitness would have raised him to the first place in public opinion., for the simple reason that public opinion had predetermined that there were only thiee horses to be thought of in the race. Of these Celt took the third place, although an examination of him ought to nave convinced the sceptical that he had all the appearance of a winner. His training had been scrupulously attended to, and he was quite as likely-looking as bafore his last victory on the same course. Lightfoot was placed ' second, but on what ground it was hard to discover, for he didn't : seem at all in order to make the stakes a hard ; bargain for the favourite. Monk was in choice form; his turn in Victoria has evidently done him a world of good in teaching him regular habits in the field, and his condition reflects : great credit upon whoever has had him in hand. ; Dinah and Playboy were both in good trim, and but for accidents it is hard to say how the 1 victory would have inclined. Most inexplicably ; Celt at the very first fence *f ell, and as he in sisted upon taking the circuit on his own account, and could not be caught until rhe 'had completed it, he was of course thrown out completely. Dinah ran a splendid 'race for two and a half out of the three ! miles, taking the fences with the utmost ease, and keeping the lead to boot. In the first round she lost her stirrup-iron, and in the second came to grief miserably, injuring herself, it is feared permanently, and giving her rider (Williams) a very awkward tumble. Lightfoot did credit to the penetration of his backers, for he ran well, and notwithstanding a fall, which did no damage of consequence to any one, shot past the post second. Nabocklish took his time to the running, and succeeded in getting in third. Topthorne took a couple of fences, and then retired from sight, no doubt greatly to the relief of his rider, who must have felt it hard to risk his neck on an animal that had not the ghost of a chance. Playboy showed himself quite at home with timber, and took the leaps splendidly all but the thirteenth, over which he stumbled, and in landing rolled over on his back, crushing his rider (Giles) underneath him; The sight was disagreeable enough, but it became still more sickening when Light foot, who was pressing close upon him, followed his lead, and fell heavily to the ground, fortunately without ill-consequences either to the jockey or himself. Giles in a perfectly unconscious state was carried to the Grand Stand, where he revived, and was sent away home. It is gratifying to know that although the incidents of the race were unpleasantly exciting, there are after all no lives -lost, or even limbs broken. The fourth and fifth acts it is unnecessary to say much about. The Selling Stakes, after a hotly- contested race, fell to Pickpocket, who was bought in for &38— £18 over his declared price. Nimblefoot entered for the Forced Handicap, but was weighted so heavily that he withdrew, leaving Darkie, Mentor, and three others to trjr conclusions. The old horse came in first, but his claim to the stakes has been disputed by Mentor's rider, and the question will not be settled until this morning. The arrangements throughout were unexcep tionable. The list of events is appended. Maidens.— 30 sovs., added to a sweep of 5 sovs. One mile. Weight for age. ^ For all horses that have never won an advertised race of 20 sovs. Mr. J. Gilbert's br.c. Kingfisher, by Sky- . ; , scraper out of Remnant by Fisherman, 3 yrs., 9 st. (Tothill) ? 1' Hon. J. Baker's b.c. Don Giovanni,' 3 yrs., 9 st. (Mathews) ? ... ... 2 Mr. R. Holland's c.f. Ithaca, 3 yrs., 8 st. 11 lbs. (J. Hill) ? ; ? 3 Eight others started. Time (approximate only), 1 min. 50 sec. Queen's Hundred.— 100 sovs.,' added to a sweep ot 5 sovs. Two. miles. Weight forage. Second horse to receive 10 sovs. out of the sweep. ? . ...-;? Mr. H. Hoskin's b.g. Nimblefoot by Panic . out of Quickstep, aged, 10st.llb. (Lang) .. 1 ., Mr. Sands's br.g. Flying Scud, 4 yrs., 9st. ? :;.: 7 lbs. (Amateur) ? ...2 Mr. R. Holland's e.g. Glendower, 6 yrs., ,. 10 st. lib. (W.Simpson) ... ... ' .;. 3 . All the others were drawn. Time, 3 min. 51 sec. . , 'X Handicap Steeplechase.— 40 sovs., added .to a sweep of 4 sovs.; 1 sov. nomination; 3 sovs. acceptance. About three miles, over such jumr«3 as Stewards may appoint. ' Mr. T. J. Ryan's br.g. Monk, aged, 12 st. lib. (W.Simpson) ? ... ...T Mr. J. Mullins's b.g. Lightfoot, aged, list. ' 1 41bs,(Alford) ? ...' X 2 Mr. T. Maloney's b.g. Nabocklish, 5 yrs, 9,st.. i 7 lbs.(H. Rowe) ? ...... 3 1 Four others started. j Selling Race.— 20 sovs., added to a sweep of 2 sovs. One mile and a half. Selling condi tions -.—Winner to be sold for 30 spvs.. If to be sold for 30 sovs., to carry weight for age; if for j&5, allowed 7 lbs. ; if for £20, allowed 14 lbs. ; if for £10, allowed 21 lbs. ; if not to be sold, to carry 7 lbs. extra. Winner will be sold imme diately after the race, and any surplus to go to the Race Fund. Mr. W. Hutchinson's b.g. Pickpocket (£20), 5 yrs., 8 st. 11 lbs. (Hales) ? ... 1 Mr. T. Jackson's g.m. Jenny land (£20), aged, 9 st. lib. (J. Jackson) ... ... ... 2 Mr. J. Harvey's br.m. Ada (£25), aged, 9 st . 8 lbs. (Harvey) ? - .,. ; j .... .... 3 Seven others started. Time, 2 min. 53 .sec. Forced Handicap. — 25 ? sovs., added to a sweep of 3 sovs., fromaH wunersexeept Hurdles, Hacks, and Ace of Clubs' Produce Stakes; losers \ can enter on paying 3 sovs. One mile and three* ! quarters. Pest entrance. Mr. Freeman's br.g. Darkie, aged, 9 st. 7 lbs. ' (Williams) ... ? ... ... lj Mr. R. Holland's c.f. Ithaca, 3 yrs., 6 st. 12 lbs. (T. Hill) ? 2 Mr. G. Baker's b.c. Mentor, 2 yrs., 6st. 7 \ lbs. (Ward) ... ? ... 3j Two others started. Time, 3 min; 19 sec. - Williams was protested against, and the stakes' were given to Ithaca. ? TherdDay: Friday, May 26. ' Dinah, owing to the injuries she had re ceived in the Steeplechase, was drawn for the; Hack Hurdles. Young Gipsy Girl was slightly' the favourite, but offers to back the field were freely made. Four started. The first mishap occurred to Young Gipsy Girl, who, whilst well ahead of the rest, took a fancy to jump out of the Course, and not only lost her place but the race likewise. Playboy made the most of this contretemps, and had it all his own way for half a mile, when Peeping Tom passed him, and would inevitably have come in first but for falling at the hut fence but one. The jockey was thrown off, but neither he nor the horse was hurt. Playboy— not the Playboy that ran in the Steeplechase, but a horse of quite another colour— came in first, Sambo a bad second. The Queen's Racing Plate excited much interest, and Irish King and Lapdog held the first place in general estimation. Those, however, who had watched narrowly the per formances of the two-year-olds thought it impossible that the Ace colt could live through the distance even with 6 st. up, and prepared to stand on Darkie, who throughout the meet ing has been in splendid form. Centurion was in prime condition, but his weak leg could not stand the strain. He made a game race, for on reaching home he was dead lame. Lapdog looked just as fit and no fitter than on the Plate day. It is questionable whether he has yet got the better of his strain, but be runs strong enough to encourage the hope that if he has not he will in course of time. Irish King looked a perfect picture, and attracted more notice than any other horse. Cupbearer's sun is evidently setting, for not only did his ap pearance give no assurance of victory, but his performance showed that victory and he have become estranged. Paul Jones and Duke of Wellington were in good trim, but in this respect could scarcely hold a candle to Darkie, who in his present form has without question earned a title to be considered the best horse to which the colony can lay claim. The race was a well-contested one, Irish King keeping in front until the end of the first mile and a half, when he was successively displaced by Darkie, Cen turion, and Duke of Wellington, Lapdog keep ing close in his rear. The time was slow— 3 min. 54 sec. The Consolation Stakes was far and away the best race of the day, if not of the meeting. There were ten in the field, all of them bona fide beaten horses. Cedric was thought most of at the weight, but the Ace fillies had their backers. The result vindicated the correctness of the handicap, for although there was a little shifting of places in front, the eleven were kept in close order from start to finish. They approached the Stand three or four abreast, and it was only at the last moment that Cedric's rider adroitly pushed the old horse's nose in front, Lady Wildair second, and Poca hontas within a neck of him third, and three or four others less than a length behind. Time did not permit of any events being ^improvised, and the day's sports closed at 5 o'clock. The particulars of the events are as follows:— Hack Hurdles.— 20 sovs. Entrance, 1 sov. One mile and a half . 8 stone. Mr. C. G. Harslett's b.g. Playboy (by King; John out ef a Sydney mare), aged (Jas. Mullins)... ... ... ....;.... 1 Mr. Ferry's Sambo, 5 yrs. (Amateur)... ... 2 Mr. Schuetze's Young Gipsy Girl (ShuggV .,. 3 The Queen's Racing Plate provided by Par liament; 100 sovs. added to a sweep of 5 sovs. Two miles. Weight for age. To be run for by horses bred in the province. ' Mr. Freeman's br.g. Darkie (believed to be by Muscovado, out of Queen of Clubs), aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (W. Simpson) ... ' ... ... 1 Mr. O. Adcock's b.h. Centurion, 5 yrs., 10 st. 1 lb. (J. Tunstall) ... ... ? ... 2 Six others started. Time, 3 min. 54 sec. Consolation Stakes.— 20 sovs. added to a sweep of 2 sovs. Entrance, 1 sov. One mile. Handicap; for- all horses beaten during the meeting. ? -i m : Mr. Lamb's Cedric (by Touchit, out of Miss Clow), 7 sti 3 lbs. (J. McGuinness)... ... 1 Mr. Adcock's Lady Wildair, 7 st. 10 lbs. (T. Hill) .... v ,-...- ?... :.V.;. n -...?: .,.;;.. 2 Mr. Bennett's; Pocahontas, 6 st. (F; Ward)... 3 Seven others started; Time, 1 min; 58£ sec.| This closed the business of the meeting, the hour being too late to allow of other events beiiisr erotuDi. .0. ' .;; '-? ?''??' 