j ITEMS OF NEWS. j By advertisement it will be seen that an exhi bition illustrating the war in Europe will be jopened in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute ito-morrow nnd Wednesday. ' The subject chosen for the exhibition ig one which gives a' wide scope for the art, dcpictiug life scenes. Meredith's Chewton gardens will be open this evening, when there is to be an illumination and a grand display of fireworks. '. .; The secretary of the Benevolent Asylum begs to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of an 18 gallon cask of ale, from Mr Ryan, of the Star Brewery, for the use of the inmates. . The tender of Relit. Penny, Chewton, has been accepted for supplying rations to prisoners in the lock-up of that place ; - also -that of John Smallmun, for the Maklon lock-up, ' . Mr Bell, butcher of Giiildford,- shot in the Loddon above Guildford a beautiful black swan. The bird was evidently a, young one, huiT'it measured six feet from tip to tip of wirigs, and had a neck over three feet long. The performance for' tho benefit of the local charities/given by Mr and Mrs Geo. Darrell, Mr G. A. Walstah, arid Mr Ncwington, gave gross receipts £15 5s, expenses £8, leaving a balance of £7 5s, one-half of which lias been handed over to tho local charities. ( (;.' . Our Guildford correspondent writes that owing to the vigilance of the -police in that district thieving, is of rare occurrence, hut recently a shoemaker, living nt Sbiccr Gnlly bridge/had his shop robbed of "a; humlier of pairs, of boots and shoes. T'bc proprietor, who was on a visit to Sandhurst, left a workman in charge of. the place, who went for a short time to make merry, and 011 his return found the shop open arid the goods missing. ' In "acd&daiico;, with the usage of tho Wesleyiin Church, arsolemn and special midnight service was lieid in the "Wesloyan Chapel, Barker-street. The. proceedings, were those prescribed for such occasions; and 'conducted by tho Rev. Sir Bath, ' the pastor of tho church'. At tho va rious churches yesterday sorriioris were preaelicd siiitahle , to tlio occasion. '- At/ tho -Catholic Clirireh of St; Maty/liigh mass '.was solemnly celebrated heforo a crowded cpngrdgation. '' " ( The town was not so busy on-Saturday as shopkeepors expected -it would have been. -The weather was, the sole cause ' of tliis: 1 During Friday Iieavy .cold 'showers of- rain foil, arid dining Saturday tho wind was blowing keoii from the south, 5 rendering fires in tho evening quite acceptable. . Under such circumstances it is not surprising that, the promeriaders' iri the square were fewer- than usual : Yesterday 'the sun Blione out and warmed ( the . . .atmosphere,' although the wind still maintained, the same direction as the previous day, - The gardens of Mr Meredith, at Chewton, .-arid Mr Rowe/ at Bin-kerb Creek, were-' largely 'patronised; and to-day will be observed as a close holiday.. Thq St. (Andrews fete at Sandhurst, and the Cahv donian gathering at Maryborough, the latter of which winds up with a ball, will each attract a good; hiimber of ' pleasure : .seekers;?.) At;"; -the Sandhurst fete Henry Southmere/one of our Iqeal runners is entered at soratch for the -great race of tho day. , A' rifle match -also' (comes off. at tho Castlemaino rifle butts to-dav; . Tlie,- iiiiue'rs of tlie . distridt have, j &,nsnal, taken full advantage :of; the holidays/ aiia ifroni- Christmas ove up to thq:preserit ,:tini.e nearljrj.all operations have, peen suspendod. ' The week current will'be a short one-with many. .ATho yield of tlie Energetic Company, Lauriston, ' for the fortnight v/aa 470ioz firom 400. tons qf stone. A dividend of 15s pep sliaro lias been . declared. The Central Energetic Company retorted, and obtained 358oz from 2G0tons.. A dividend, of 12s Gd per share is declared by the directors. The iriiprovement in tlio Kyneton Company,' Lauriston,, still continues, the yield of retorted gold on. Saturday : being ( (123qz from l90(t6ns.;of storie. Adventure Company,. Kangaroo reef. The cleaning up of . the; company on Wednesday was most satisfactory. Eighty-six loads of stone produced 170oz udwt lOgrof retorted gold. -;Tlie' North Star Company retorted on Saturday, ;and had ; 49oz for the fortnight's, .crushing.. . Tlio Lauriston Extended Company "struck the gutter on Thursday in. the ' jump up" from the driye. Fro;n two tin dishes 3dwt.of gold' was obtained. . Tlio gold is of a coarse iniggetty oliaracter, one piece weighing 2dwt, arid a larger piiice hiis been got since in the .prospects, It will be rememhefed that Mr J, B. Patter son, M. L. A;, from/liis placo in the Horiso,' drew tlio attention of tlio lion. Mr 'Wilson, Minister of Railways, to" tho error 'which had been made in the charge for excursionists. to...tlio ' picnic at Haf court on .Boxing Day/and ' 011 Saturday the Minister, tlirorigh 'tlib liaiids of 'Mr Pattoraori, transmitted to -' Mr Aitkenithe gross nmoiiht of the overcharge, £31 15s Gd. The conditions of tlio refund are very siiriplc. Mr Aitken was made the recipient, as, being oil' tlio/occasion tho representative of the temperance body here, and - 110 ;is to advise .with . the other officers ;as .to tlio amount each of tho . local charities is "to re ceive. It being a sine qua non, that tlio charities aro to get the money; ; - The committee of tlio Temperanco Society 110 doubt will take tho op portunity at their meeting, wliicli is to be held in tho Council Chambers on Thursday evening, at 8 o'clock, to formally thank Mr Patterson for tlie troublo lie took in the matter, and at the same timo also the lion. Mr Wilson, who has not in tliis instance permitted- tho laws of cir- , cumlocution to prevail.. Those who were charged : in excess will . he glad . to, know that theirisix«. -perices are devoted to the, relief of the sick audi -destitute, and this, too, at a season of- the yeari when; 'above "all1 others; ' the lieai-fc shoiildJbo' ' (open to tho influence of tender charity. ' ' 1 Mr' Charles M'Farlanp, liay and corn'; dealer/- of Nolan-street, Maiyhorougli, says the "AdverrY tiser, wliilst out on a duck shooting expedition; (at'Moolort — 'composed tho . mournful -.theme qf' overy tongue in Maryborough on Wednesday- . morning. Tho melancholly intelligence came- iso unexpectmlly that when first made' known1 people hesitated to give' it credence. Trow/we're 3 , aware if liia ahBenco from Maryborough,: and -no ono . was prepared . to hear <i( liis sudden doatli in so sudden a "manner. . But tliq dismal -story was not long wanting in corifirmatiori,' arid as tlie news spread through' the town, groups of -men congregatod at -the corners.:, of the streots to learn tho particulars of tho accident. -These (may. ho, told in a few .words. A party . of four (persons; consistuig ofMrM'FarlanejlMr "Mat; 'tliew" Adariison, his brothor-iridaw, ifruiteror, 'of Higli-streot; Mr Garl Stein, liaifdrdsser/ arid'; -Mr William (Taylor, puddler, left Maryborough , |on the moriiing of Thursday, to origago ifi duck-, 'shooting .011 tho swamps at Moolorq ,At, 7. o clock 111 the morning. ttiey wore on sue swamp,. . which is only three or four feet deop as) a. rule,, on Mr Merodith's farm, which is situated im-., imodiatoly to tho left of the. Moolort t'qllgato, going to Castleinairie. The party wore scjttored somo 50 or 100 yards from each otlior, Mr Tay- ilor'being nlono on dry ground. All was pro ceeding-well enough until Mr Adamson had his lattontion-arxested.by a cry of - Help l urom 'Mr M'Fnrlane, who was t-lion about , 150: jai-ds -distant in tlio wator. On looking .round ho 1 iporcoivcd to his dismay tho barrel of tlio. giin - waiving «ibovo tlio water at tho. spot where'ho (last saw his -relative; Ho ran to tho plq0q_-iii > 'moment,1 arid seein'g'Mr M'Farlane's hat floating ' 'ort tlio siirfato,' arid thinking ho. would/ ho able to catoh hold of him hy' tho' hair< of the lioad, hrasped at tho object before luni, .and, in, so, do me - 'precipitated " liinisolf". headlorig into" the hole whioh it subsoquently proved to ho, oftho depth of eight or nine feet. Being unable to swim Mi' Adamson Bcrainbled out with the Woatost difficulty, and was noarlv sharing tho fato of his- brother-ui-law. Tlio body was shortly rocovorod, but life was extinot, A woman i,smed Sarah Newton waa com mitted for !tri®£ Ddniliquin tlio other day on the charge tof wilfully murdering her infant. See is a married woman, but her husband lias been jvwtty fro nor for sozno timo. At Wolliiig'011) on Sunday night, tlio 19th inst., about twenty minutes to eight, a Blight shako was-fnk' I''10 religious attention of tho congregation o£ tlle Rev- Mr Buddie, in tho Wesloyan GWe'i Manners-street, was 'disturbed for a moment, especially in tho galleries, where the shakefw®8 folt "very lively, and several wo- mon of the congregation uttered a. few sobs, ono young lady 'n clioir going off into a faint. Mr Buddie, however, quietly stopped his ser mon and Icalled on the congregation to sing the socond vwso of the twelfth hymn — "The God thatjrulcs on high," &c.;, and at the con clusion of'the verse went oh with his sermon. . Intelligence has boon received via Honolulu and Sydney of tlio loss of the Victorian whaler,. Japan belonging to Messrs Osborne and flush ing of Melburne- Another whaler, tho Massa chusetts saw her aground on the ice in a bight to the northward of the East Cape, in the Arctic or Bchring Straits. , It was blowing a heavy gale at tho time, with severe snow squalls. The Massachusetts, being encumbered by ice was to tally unfvtle to render any assistance.. The Ja pan was, it appears,, nearly a full ship, and valuod at about £19,000 or. £20,000, ship and cargo included. It is generally believed (says tho Rocoi'ii), that all have perished, inclusive of the captifin's wife. Tho following account of enthusiasm in tho Volunteer business is given by the Ballarat Star : Tliq other evening an ex-citizen soldier, who some time ago broke his leg in a mine and had his row put out of joint by the same acci dent, appeared on the Volunteer parade-ground. Ho was; under the necessity, of having tlireo operations performed upon his leg, and at last was for&cd; to submit to amputation. Since lie left tlief. hospital ho has managed in some way or. other to ride about ; but he was very unfor tunate with his jaw. He went to .tho butts to practicdjritli tlie rifle wliilq it was in bandages, and by|i "kick" had the setting deranged. Tho jaw ho had to . put into. , its place in - a '!, rough-mtl-ready manner with liis hand, and ; since thuitime it lias been cured. With Ills' oiie wIiAIa 'fts nn/1 mi n.r+,ifinin.l flfionnfl. tlio vinor : cripple Iras' on horseback on parade last-even-- ; - ihg ; but lie will of courso bo - unable J to j oin again, 2 A MBoi woman, the '.wife .'of filie chief Tliomp; son, 'elq|cd short time ag6',,with . a. HauTliau, .Kitty Mai her favoured lover had -travelled- as \- far as fibkamatua, and weeks wlcn they were diseoyefed by some of Thompson's friends who had been in chase! The Hift- lisu, who seems tq have,. tired. .of . the ' lady, cfiietly acquiesced in ' the ; fashes' of the pursuers who proceeded to tie lier'fatli a stout rope, a»i brought; her- back,- , to Wattakere; taking -firee days to do' the journey!" " Kitty j who stoutly resisted, was sadly damaged, and present® rather a melancholy-, picture- 'on-: ar- " rival, lilr treatment by the captors not being such as pnuld meet, with the approval of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals: ; Thompmu -was delighted .at hor return, but \- Kitty, with many expressions of hatred, refused to; hayejanything more to. do ,with -him, ' saying he was priy the ghost of a man. . He retorted by calling her. a. devil "of a woman, and .pro-- " ceeded fto exercise liis marital ; authority by givhig lier a souiid thrashing, answering the expostulations of a pakelia by saying he did it oiit ..of tub lovo and affection.- -Since then she'has Seen a close' prifauuiy 'thG itionotony of lib/r exis&ce; being only relieved by. the ap plication it short intervals, of a decent-sized tea-tree stkk. At night, to prevent her escape,1 she is seemely fastened with rope, and presents aii appeaiBaco more resembling a well-trussed chicken' tlud a pretty Maori gii'l. '. Her obj eb- ! tibiy to Tb|nps.on on. the ground that die -was only tlio Ijhost of- a man,1 was; not out of placo, as tlie old fellow is worn to , a shadow, '- and it is tibout even betting, iwhicli , .event comes off mrst, the death of tho old man from/ gfaef, or that of the woman from the severity- of the iueasute3 taken -by; liiin ; to regain her; . affections. j . - i -fa.'ri' I \- ' A miner residing at Europa Gully,' between; Beechworth aid Stanley, and who also dabbles a little in pastoral pursuits, had two, fine calves; running in a paddock, a little distance from his: house. On Tuesday afternoon the inmates of the; house were scared by hearing cries proceedings from one of thejcalvcs, as if in great pain, and on; looking out saw one of these animals rushing; madly- to and fro through the paddock, which is: enclosed by a 5ft paling "fence:- Mr Mills, the; miner referred to, -was sent for from his claim, ; but before liis arrival the culf had- ceased its, mad j career, and was lying down, apparently in a dying! state. Qn inspecting tboariihiq3IrMills found ; that a piece of skiri about an ii wcfioufofcri-x cncc had been taken dean out from the shoulder,-, and that in the flcsfj were two smallmarks as if ' of fangs. The animal died in about- three-quarters of an hour from the fame its cries were first; heard, and the only conclusion; the owner bould- arrive at was that it kul been bitten by a snake ! concealed in the grass. The strangest part of the : affair is. that relative- Itj the .piece of skin being; . torri from tlie animal's -'shoulder, -as'snakCs, 'evenj when they bite fiercelr,- usually leave very small ; punctures. The. finlfa.apparcnt' 'solution of the mystery is tbnt tbe reptile, in. biting: the calf, had; -taken such a' bold -as to be unable to extract its ; fangsj and in trying to' get itself frecth'ad'tofh.tbe, skin. — Ovens and Murray Advertiser, i ,!, ' i ! Oh Monday, (says the Sydney iMorfiing Ilbrald) ! a young man named Henry ' Efirat, was killed by ; lightning at Kiaina, during a storm inthe even- ; . ing of that dny. i It 'appears from the , evidence at - thcinquest that K. Walker, E:! Watkin, "W. Good win, and deceased were working ;at the promises in course of ereotioii'in Manning- street, and when the storm came took shelter under the verandah 16f nn. adjoining new' building! 1 About half-past five, the lightning struck them, all, killing, Hunt .- and inflicting a' severe shook upon the rest. :iViilker. was l'oEjeomc tirrie insensible, and- oil fc- j covefy felt liis- right 6ide, from head to foot seriously affected. YVatkin was also badly hurt, Goodwin was speaking on the subject of lightning . when the shock tame, i It threw him head fore- most into the doorway pf the .house, and rendered him tcmporafijy unconscious. .On recoycry he saw IValker running away and crying out that his arm was hurt.! He found' Hunt lying on his back, with bihead between'twojoisls. Mrllayr don, storekeeper, immediately after tkeshock, ran across the roan, and found AVatkin sitting with his back to tljcivall of the house, his head lean ing forward, nod his hat over his face. On raising tho lids'of his eyes "the pupils- were found' tb be much dilate and he was thought to be dead. Hunt was lying prostrate ; across the joists, with his legs oventhe verandah, his trousers torn, and the lower pijrt of his body, which was naked, ap parently srarched. Brandy was administered freely ; anjtbe bodies ivere chafed, in. order to produce reaction. This treatment succeeded with regard to AVatkin, who revived and gradually im- . proved ; lAit though the siirgical aid of Mr Tar rant was exerted to the utmost, Hunt soon breathed life last. AAratkiii and Goodwin recovered sufficiently)!) be able to walk aivay. Tho Inde pendent states that the effects of the clcctrictluid upon tho building itself were vcrystriking. Some shingles i|qre displaced from just above the eastern gnple, ' and carried to a considerable (lis- " tance. Toe upper face bf tbe stone foundation of the northern wall was scorched and shattered for, n considcrabie portion of its length. The veran dah on thje northern side is roofed with corru gated iron; and this would appear to have at tracted the lightning, as all the posts except one were mow or less split or splintered by it. The one whicp remained uninjured was the nearest to tho spot where tho group of men were sitting ; and it would appear ns if the electric fluid had "been attracted directly across from the foot of the ncxtpst by something iujuxtaposition with heif bodies, Tlio inquiry into tho cose of Superintendent Lyttloton was brought to a conclusion on Fri day, and it only now remains for tho hoard to arrivo at 'a decision and submit tlioir roport to the Chief Secretary, wliich will moat probably be done next week. Tho Bendigo Advertisor says tlmt the cele brated Collmann and Taeolii's Company, in California Gully, hoisted their flag .on Satur day in celebration of tlio . acliievoment of attaining tlio greatest depth yet reached by any reef on tho goldficld, namely, seven hundred feet. Tho Publicans' Bill, says tho Herald, make an alteration in the cafes where these unfortu- nato women, who dress in bucIi a disgrace ful manner, congregate. Two men, who are proprietors of ono of those singing halls, estimate their loss of profits at £6000 a year if not allowed to carry on their degrading busi ness. . . The Kyneton Guardian says that after wait ing noarly an hour beyond tlio advertised time, barely twenty porsons assembled oh Friday evening at tho Mechanics' Institute in \- answer to an advertisement' calling a public meoting to protest agairist the removal of tho head quarters of tlie Kyneton police district to Castlemaine. ; On Thursday . (says the Gundngai Times),; a splendid codfish, 46 inches long, 26 inches in girth, and over 43 lbs. in weight; was - caught in the Murrumhidgec, near Gundagai, by our townsman, George Podmore. The scaly giant was subse quently raffled, , and the winner, being a single man, intends, we believe, to salt it down and con sume it gradually. A resident of tho Deep Creek, named Alex ander Orr, was accidentally , killed on Monday last. He liad been delivering a load of rails to a neighbour, says the Talbot Leader, and on returning home in lmste to allow his family to go to, the Chines fete, liis dray capsized going down a sidelong, and fell qn Orr with such violence tliat the guard-iron broke sevoral ribs and pierced the lungs. ' The two children of the man Paul, master of the ketch Waterwitcb, lately sunk off Brighton, have been sent to the Industrial Schools. Their father and brother were drowned in the wreck ; tlieir mother is in a' lunatio asylum ;, and their only otucr relation, an aunt, is nunu. xne enn- drea ,were . usually taken by the; father in the ketch, but strangely enough, on tbe last unfortu nate voyage they were left on shore. - "Atthe Chines /e/e on Boxing day, , j says the Talbot Leadeiv'tlie takings were between £600 and £700. ' The exponscs will be about £400. Wo. are sorry to have to charge- the coimnittee . with .fraud, but the offence is so flagrant that it should bo exposed. Mr Marco Dodd, of Maryborough, it will be remembered carried off; . what was advortised as a silver cup, valued at £10. Mr Dodd bore Ms cup home in triumph, : and- found next morning,1 it was only' electro-, plato, of the value of about 12s 6d. : \ -OnFriday afternoon a shocking accident liap-! pened on the road to Cockatoo. A former named' Schmidt, says the Talbot Leader, employed by! Mr ..C!olm, the. brewer, was retaining home, .faieii.from some cause or other the dray he was : riding hini turned over -when coming down a rathewsteep pinoli. In the capsize the gnard-irbn; fell on Schmidt's' neck, causing instant death.! Mr Tihsey, the lime burner,' discovered the' body! lying dead in the iroad iaihd gave information; to I the police, . . . An extraordinary;, proof of: tlxis season's ; growth may be how soen at 'the shop door, of Messrs Grant fond- Cameron:' seedsmen, Bourke- : street west- in theJshape' of , a sheaf of prairip : grass,, growh'at: Lyiidliurst,"Daiidenong diatriet. ; It is 8ft. iih! in height, and, the seed was only! sown last - April.ic Tlie grower estimates - tho : weight - of 'fodder at over twenty toha peri aerej i and if lie'cuts it for hay not 'less than five tons', j He has thirteen acres, and nearly the whole area, is over 7ft. high. ' \- A public acknowledgment of brave nnd gal- ; lant conduct has been mado at Benalla (ob- i serves tlie Ovens and Minrray Advertiser). . In; presence of a number of townspeople who had! assembled at the -Mechanics'. Institute, liis! Honour Judge Smyth, ..on behalf of theresi-j dents of Benalla, has presented Messrs Banfield, ! Price, and Forbes with silver medals,- suitably: engraved, as a slight recognition of tlieir gal-, lant conduct in rescuing a family named Tay- ' lor from- drowning during the floods in. Sex> : tember. ! ' Rumour has it that a gentlemen holding a high legal position, and one who for some years was connected with Ballarat,- is at present suf fering' from pecuniary difficulties, in 'addition to. prevailing physical ailments andthe former .complaint has even gone , so far that a private meeting of creditors was hold a few days ago. The - terms of ; .an-angement -liave.! not .-.beeii .made known (states - the Melbourne corl-'esp'on- cl'ent"of-ther- Star)j but the liabilities are largej takhig into consideration the salary tlie gentle man, in question lias been receiving for some years past. ; : ' : - - -. ' '-. 