NEWS AND NOTES. The Victorian Government is unable to pay for ad- vertisements in the papers at all proper times, is hard up, in fact, or bent oh eleemosynary economy, and we therefore in the interests of the public make mention of the fact that on the Warden’s Court door is a paper stating that for the future Warden’s Court business will be heard in the District Police-court. Mr Gaunt held his first warden’s sitting there on Wednesday. Late telegrams received, by the Ceylon journals up to the time of the departure of the mail steamer from Galle .furnish important corrections in two statements erroneously given in the telegrams we published on Monday and Tuesday. Our telegram stated, for instance, that “General Faron, with 3000 men, blockaded the heights of Montmartre,” whereas it seems that General Faron, with only 300 men, was himself blockaded on the heights of Montmartre. It also appears that, instead of the London treaty “ re affirming” the neutralisation of the Black Sea, as stated in our telegram, it “ abrogated” the neutralisa tion thereof, a correction which renders intelligible the permission given to Turkey to allow the passage of ships of war through the Dardanelles, and explains the dissatisfaction of the Paris journals with the pro visions of the treaty. A meeting of the Eastern Council Investigation Committee was held last evening at Mr H. Glenny’s studio. Main road, Mr J. T., Phillips in the chair. Mr. Harris (the secretary) reported that the petition had been sent to Melbourne by the previous night’s train, with nearly 1000 signatures on a roll four yards long. Great satisfaction was expressed at the progress reported, and the meeting adjourned till'after the receipt of a reply from the Chief Secretary. A deputation . waited on : the City Council on Wednesday to ask that action might be taken to save Grenville street from the effects of future floods. After some discussion it was agreed to ask the Eastern ' Council to .confer with the City Council on the subject of the works now being carried out on the eastern side of the Yarrowee, and likely to endanger the pio perty on the Western Ballarat side in time bf flood; and also to caution the Eastern Council that it would be held responsible-for any damage caused by flood waters in. consequence of those works. ■ In the Circuit Court on Wednesday, before Mr Justice Barry and juries of twelve, the following per sons: were found guilty:—William Johnson alias Clarke, forgery and uttering, sentenced to four years’ imprisonment; Jas. Sutton and F. Harrison, forgery and uttering; Thomas Jacobs, incendiarism, and Jane Dyer, Wm. Washburn Dyer, and Annie M’Donald, larceny, were remanded for sentence; Jacob Wood, found guilty of manslaughter, was fined 1s; Geo. J. Turner was found guilty of embezzling a cheque value £5, while he was employed as clerk in the Ballarat branch of the National Insurance Company. A point was reserved as to whether his offence was really embezzlement. The prisoner was remanded, and his Honor said he would consider an application made to have bail taken pending the ruling of the full couit. The following : are the prisonbra to be tried to-day:—Richard Watson, stealing from the person; 1 John Cooper, unnatural offence! The many friends of Mr Joseph Jones would be sorry to observe in our obituary notices on Wednesday an an nouncement of the death of one of his children. The funeral notice appears in another part of this day’s paper. His business friends will understand from this the cause of his absence from Ballarat. The extraordinary way in which Chinese interpre ters translate long Chinese answers into short English sentences, and vice versa was commented on by : his Honor Mr Justice Barry, in the Circuit Court on Wednesday. Two Chinese witnesses were examined, and the interpreter in translating the questions and answers, carried on as usual conversations with the witness under examination, and appeared to repeat as much or as little of the answers as he deemed neces sary to meet the ends of justice. Possibly the exact meaning of the witness was conveyed to the court, but when so much often depends on the form of expres sion used, translating evidence with strict justice must always be a matter of difficulty. When an inter preter carries'on a conversation before he thinks it necessary to say anything to the court, it is almost impossible that the court can know what the witness wishes to convey with anything approaching exacti tude. When' cautioned, the interpreter improved a little, but almost immediately relapsed into his former loose method of doing his business. The handsome cast-iron verandah around Mitchell’s magnificent block of buildings is now finished, and adds considerably to the appearance of the corner, though somewhat low at the upper end in Sturt street. This completes the exterior, and brings up the cost to little short of £10,000. The works have been carried out in a very satisfactory manner by Messrs Taylor and Ellis, the contractors, who have provided the carpenters’ and joiners’ work. The stone and brick- work has been executed by Messrs Hawken and Llewellyn, the plastering by Muir Brothers, the slating and plumbing by J. and J. M’Donald, the painting and glazing by A. W. Bruun, and the cast-iron work of the verandah by Wm. Blomeley, all of Ballarat. The works were commenced in November, 1869, by Mr Wm. Cowland, who built the cellarage, so that it has required about eighteen months to complete the large pile. Mr H. R. Caselli is the architect, and Mr P. Bradbury has acted as clerk of the works. Active operations are now going on in order to finish the interior of two houses in Armstrong street, that have been taken by Mr Wreford, printer, and Messrs Klug Brothers, furniture manufacturers and dealers. Thus, only the two comer shops in Sturt street remain unoccupied, and as applications are numerous, they no doubt will soon be tenanted, and impart a business- like and comfortable appearance to this the largest private structure in Ballarat. The police-courts of Ballarat will be held in future in the court-house, town- hall, which has been reopened with valuable additions to the accommodation pro- vided there in past days. The syphon at Lake Wendouree is said to have worked well during the last seven weeks, having in that time pumped from the north to the south side of the embankment inches of water over the surface of the northern half. The amalgamation movement progresses. .The City Council, on Wednesday, received a - letter from the Eastern Council, notifying the appointment of a committee by that body to represent it at a conference oh the subject^'and, on the motion of Councillor "\V. C. Smith, seconded by Councillor M'Dowall, a com mittee of delegates from the City Council- was appointed to represent it. No date has, however, been fixed for the conference. The resignation of Mr Joseph Comb as clerk of the City Council, a post which he has held for so many years, was received on Wednesday by the City Council, but beyond the bare fact we can state nothing con cerning it, as the matter was considered by the City Council in committee. The city-treasurer will act in the capacity of city-clerk pro tan. Laurence Wishart, an elderly man, a miner, belong ing to Sebastopol, was received into the hospital on Wednesday evening, suffering from a sprained knee. He was at work in a low drive in the Prince of Wales mine early in the day, and was , on his knees. On rising to his feet he in some way twisted the knee, causing it to be very severely sprained. The ex-mayor of the City, Cr Cowan, was at the City Council meeting oh Wednesday, presented with an illuminated address tastefully- prepared and framed, as a recognition by the council of services rendered by him to the city during his year of office. The sub stance of the address will b’e found detailed in our report of the council’s proceedings. As doubts have been entertained and freely ex pressed as to the success which is likely to attend the placing of the Alfred Bells in the position intended by the architect of the City-hall, Councillor W. C. Smith on Wednesday called Mr Oakden’s attention to the matter, and asked him if he was not acting with re gard to them upon plans agreed upon in London, and recommended by Messrs Hears and Steinbank. Mr Oakden said he was adhering strictly to the agree ment arrived at in London, and had even sent draw ings to Messrs Hears and Steinbank which had been approved by them. It was stated that Mr R. B. Gibbs had expressed an opinion that the position allotted to the bells was too low, but: Councillor Smith said Mr Gibbs had had nothing to do with the agree ment as to plans in London. The council ap peared satisfied by the explanation, except as to whether Craig’s hotel tower and other lofty buildings adjacent to the belfrey, would have the effect of barring the outward flow of the sound. After what Mr Oakden has said : relative.to the conformity of the internal arrangements for ringing with Messrs Hears and Steinbank’s and his own views, it is comforting to reflect that the serious drawbacks to ultimate suc cess pointed out by pur correspondent, “An Old Ringer,” may have been over- estimated. It is well, however, that the matter should now be fully dis cussed, more particularly as the bells committee is to meet at the Edinburgh Castle hotel on Friday night, for the purpose of drawing up a report, and, if neces sary, a remonstrance for presentation to the 1 City Council. It is obvious that the committee will iu this matter be better able to arrive at a decision if aided by the experience and advice of experts in bell ringing, and therefore we are instructed to say that the presence of “An Old Ringer,” or any available number of old bell-ringers, will be acceptable. A young woman named Catherine Richardson has been arrested in Melbourne, charged on warrant with stealing a purse containing £1 11s 6d, the property of Chas. Johnston, of Webster street. Star gazers may like to know .that Venus is now a brilliant object in the early evening following close after the sun and setting about seven o’clock. Jupiter is still visible until an hour or so later, while Mars sets much later. Arcturus in the north-east and Antares due east are also prominent objects now from 8 p.m. That veteran cricketer, Jerry Bryant, is still to the fore, and we learn from the Bairnsdalc Courier that he has “ chartered the Lady of the Lake for an excur sion to Baimsdale that the cricketers of the two town ships may have an opportunity of settling amicably the little difficulty which occurred in Sale at the last match.” An impudent attempt to obtain evidence of the pos session of a good character was made by a man named Wm. Johnson, who was convicted of forgery at the Circuit Court on Wednesday. He called four wit nesses, who deposed that he had been employed by them at various times during the past three years. At one place he had worked for. about two months, at a second for two weeks, at a third for ten days, and at a fourth for two and a-half days, making in all little more than eleven weeks. One witness .who lived thirty miles from Ballarat wanted his expenses, and it turned out when he consented to give his evidence without payment, that the prisoner had worked for him some two years ago for two weeks. His Honor regretted that it was out of his power to order pay ment of any sum for expenses, and rebuked the pri soner for putting people to so much inconvenience when he knew they could not give any valuable evi dence as to his character. Hot one witness said more than that he did not “know any harm” of the pri soner. Yesterday afternoon Mr Knucky, with Chang, the Chinese giant, were kind enough to visit the benevo lent asylum, and Chang, while inspecting the various wards, appeared highly delighted with everything he beheld, conversing freely with the inmates, and especially so with his own countrymen. A number of the Bridge street shopkeepers were summoned before the Ballarat East Police-court on Wednesday, for obstructing the footpath by placing goods upon it to too great a distance from the line of their places of business. They were in each case fined. The special meeting of the Eastern Council, ex pected to have been held on the exposure business, does not seem to be likely to take place. ■ It is said that Councillor Rodier cannot procure the names of three councillors to a requisition, without which the mayor will not—and we believe cannot— call-a special meeting; -and that the chief magistrate refuses to call a public meeting without a requisition asking him to do so being signed by twelve ratepayers of good pro perty qualification. We learn from the members of the Exposure Committee that a large number of the principal business-men in Bridge street has signed the petition to the Government, but if so, why do they not sign a requisition to the mayor ? A meeting of the electors in the west riding of Buninyongshire was held on the 11th inst., at Russell's hotel, Napoleons, when a numerously signed requisi tion was presented to Mr M’Haffie, requesting him to allow himself to be nominated for the seat rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr Hale. Mr M’Haffie having consented, the meeting resolved to do its utmost to secure his return. Mr John Terrell, the leader of the Clunes Volunteer Band, has, been presented by the members with a handsome and suitably inscribed conductor’s baton manufactured by Mr J. T. Sleep, of Ballarat—as a mark of their appreciation of the valuable services rendered by him. A Walhalla telegram of Tuesday says that a man named Hoskins has been detected in the Long Tunnel Company’s claim with specimens concealed in his pipe. It is supposed that sly crushings have been car ried on largely. ’ • The City Council on Wednesday adopted a revised scale of salaries of its officers, in which • many large reductions are made. The'services of two officers in minor positions are to be dispensed with after the expiry of a month’s notice. In accordance with an advertisement appearing in our columns, about 45 gentlemen met at the British Queen hotel, Bridge street, on Wednesday evening, the object being the formation of a society under Friendly Societies Statute, to bo called the Protestant Alliance Association. Mr Hale was voted to the chair, and JMr Miller appointed secretary pro tem. The usual routine business necessary to the formation of such societies having been gone through, it was resolved that all persons desirous of joining should, preparatory to the opening night, leave their names with Mr Free, of Bridge street; Mr M’Caw, of Slain road; Mr Whykes, of Sturt street: Mr Hale, of Skipton street; or Mr Stalker, of Dana street. Some sixty gentlemen have already enrolled thamselves as members of the society. It is expected that in about a fortnight the date of opening will be announced. Our . Stockyard Hill correspondent thus writes on lltli April:—“Ploughing and manuring is being carried forward with energy amongst the farmers, but the long continued dry weather is becoming a great hindrance to them in pushing through with the plough ing for the early sowing. : There is no room for doubt now that those who wish to succeed in farming—that is towards the . plains—must plough well and sow early. Jfind by the general tone at present that there will ’ not be a Very large quantity of ground broken up this season, but if the season inclines to bo favorable, I think there are many who will, change their minds. At all events, I find that there is fallow ground to a very large extent ready to receive the seed, which will keep the number of acres under cul tivation throughout the colony up to a balance with any previous year. The sound of the threshers will be heard on the plains yet a few .more days, and then the season will be over for those machines; There is still a brisk demand for store sheep and cattle.” The Sabbath school children of the Miners’ Best Presbyterian Church were treated to their annual picnic by Mrs Smyth, on Tuesday afternoon, when about sixty children, with their teachers and friends, assembled at the manse, and having partaken freely of a plentiful repast, separated into several groups and enjoyed themselves exceedingly at a variety of games until about five o’clock. . At this hour an abundant supply of fruit was distributed, and at the call of one of their teachers, the youngsters gave three hearty cheers for their kind hostess. . The Eev. Mr Smyth then gave the children a few words of parting advice, when all separated highly pleased with the afternoon’s enjoyment. The annual special meeting of .the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held on Saturday, the lath inst., at Craig’s Royal hotel, Ballarat, at one o’clock p.m. Business;—The submis sion of the annual report of the society, and the ap pointment of auditors. The annual general meeting of the society will be held at Craig’s on 6th May next. The Week's News, referring to the reviotualling of Paris, says:—“lt will no doubt be nows to Austra lian colonists, that they have assisted in this good work. Such has, however, been the case. '■ Australian cooked meat has been of good service, as fuel as well as food has been wanting. Some weeks since the French Government, in expectation of a successful sortie from the capital, stored many tons of these meats as near as possible to the city. These stores have now been sent forward, and in addition, within ten days of the armistice being signed, we understand one firm alone (Messrs John M'Call and Cos., Austra lian meat agents) despatched from London more thau a quarter of a million canisters of beef and mutton, weighing in all nearly 1000 tons. The Admiralty also placed their stores of preserved meat at the dis posal of the French Government. It appears that during the siege these meats were largely served out as rations, and at one time, when prices were at the highest point, a 6-lb canister was sold for £4.” An other paper says;—“ A cask of meat, preserved by the patent bisulphite of lime, manufactured by Messrs Medloek and Bailey, of the Horsely-fields Chemical Works, Wolverhampton, was sealed upon the 10th of August last, in the presence of her Majesty’s Consul at Rosario, and was brought’ under his custody to England, where, on being opened, after an interval of four mouths, at the Consulate of the Argentine Re public in London, it was found perfectly sweet and fresh, notwithstanding that it had passed through the. tropics. It was considered by those who were present on that occasion as fully equal to the average of ordi nary English beef. The meat in question was sub sequently. cooked at Simpson’s, Bolt-court, Cornhill, and. partaken of by several influential merchants and other gentlemen, when no trace or flavor of any chemical process could _be detected in the slightest degree.” The usual monthly meeting of the Horticultural Society was held on Wednesday evening. Present:— Messrs J. Nicholls (in the chair), Jno. Bruce, Jas. Brewster, J. Campbell, W. H. Oram, and D. Laidlaw. The accounts in connection with the late show were passed for payment, and a vote of thanks was passed to the judges at the show. Mr Geo. Smith exhibited a collection of 26 varieties of geraniums, and 10 varieties. now penstemons, which were highly com mended. Mr N. D’Angri exhibited—3 : bunches of black Hambro grapes, grown under glass; 1 bunch do do, grown out of doors. The berries were very large, and fine, and the exhibits were, highly com mended. The body of a young man, name unknown, has been discovered in a waterhole forming part of the Barwon river, at Buckley’s Ford, in the vicinity of Fyansford.. The body was found with a large stone tied to a rope affixed to the neck of the drowned man, and another rope which had also been tied to a stone bound his feet together, but the stone had evidently slipped but of the knot, as the loop remained as if a stone had once been in it. When found by a man who was fishing at the hole, and had brought the body up with a fishhook, it floated head downwards. The man had evidently been residing in Geelong, as a letter dated thereat was found in his pocket written to his mother, and signed “dear William.” No other name bub Jackson was mentioned in the letter, which was written on a half-sheet of mourning paper. Several - scraps of love-poetry were also found in his pocket. The case looks very suspicious,.- and has the appear ance of foul play having taken place. The body must have been in the water some time, as it is in an ad vanced state of decomposition. The most noticeable article • of the deceased’s attire was an elastic belt striped green and white. The Buninyong Telegraph is responsible for the fol lowing:—“As an employee from this office was out shooting on Saturday last he came across two shakes fighting, a copper-colored one four feet two inches long and a black one three feet eight inches, when- ho at one shot killed both, thereby strictly carrying out the sayings of the ancient writings.” At an inquest held on Tuesday on the body of the tailor, David Beswick, who died in the Melbourne Hospital on Sunday, after having been p’ushed'dowu during a drunken dispute on Thursday last, the jury found that the cause of death was rupture of blood vessels upon the brain from external violence, adding that there was no evidence to show how the violence was caused. The man Connor, who was in custody, was therefore discharged by the coroner. Mr Daniel Oliver, C.P.S., Buninyong, is acting at Ballarat in consequence of Mr Hogarth's resignation, and pending the arrival of Mr Hogarth’s successor. It is beyond a doubt (observes the Qeelong Register) that some new and very important evidence will be brought out at the trial of Geary, for the Colao murder. A tailor, named Hill, residing at Colac, states that some time after Brookhouse disappeared, he went to Geary’s house and called him out. On leaving, Mrs Geary, addressing her husband, remarked, “ Now, Paddy, don’t be long, for I’m. afraid of Brookhouse’s ghost.” -Sheep, and even horse stealing was a very common offence at the time when the murder is sup posed to have been perpetrated. Paddy Geary had anything but an amiable notoriety in the neighbor hood, and one of the low ranges on the border of Lake Colac bears to this day the significant name of . “ Paddy’s look-out.” The Roman Catholic Bishop -paid a visit to Geelong on Tuesday, when he was presented with addresses from the Catholics of Geelong, and from the delegates and representatives of the Geelong and Western Dis trict St. Patrick’s Society. The Hon. M. O’Grady was the only knight of the Order of St. Gregory pre sent. . _ By the bombardment of Paris 107 civilians were killed—3l children, 23 women, and 53 men; 276 were wounded—36 children, 92 women, and 141 men. Rumor (says the Geelong Advertiser) has it that in accordance with the old saying that, “Nonebut the brave deserves the fair,” .the gallant commander of the Cerberus, whose clever management of the un wieldy monster which he has succeeded in navigating on her. perilous voyage to bur harbor is now in every body’s mouth, is shortly to receive the due reward of his gallantry and skill in the shape of the hand of one of the daughters of a leading and wealthy member of the Victorian Government. When the happy event is to take place report’ sayeth. not, but in all proba bility- it is not far distant. The London correspondent of the Age furnishes the following explanation of the filibustering report that reached here by telegram last mail:—“A wonderful story, full of sensational incident, has reached me. A Mr Stewart, a native of Tasmania, whose present resi dence is 15 Norfolk street, Strand, made a communi cation to two of the colonial Agents-General that a scheme had been revealed to him of a proposed preda tory attack upon Melbourne, Sydney, and Dunedin, by a vessel fitted out in the United States. Without attaching much importance to Mr Stewart’s tale, the colonial representatives took the proper steps to test that individual’s veracity. The particulars elicited from him were to the following effect:—Two youn<* men—one of thenf calling himself Bethune, and who represented himself to be the nephew of the Bishop of Toronto—came to lodge at Stewart’s house. They had recently arrived from Melbourne. Becoming inti mate with Stewart, they one day told him that a ship was being fitted out in the United States, nominally on .behalf of France, but really for the purpose of making an attempt upon the chief Australian towns and upon the mail steamer. The plan was to slip through the Heads at night, . get up alongside the Nelson, take possession of her, turn her guns upon Melbourne, and then levy black-mail upon the Treasury and the banks. Mr Stewart added that, according to the representations , of his lodgers. General Butler and Mr G. F. Train were con cerned m this notable scheme. Bethune and his companion—the latter named Stott—invited Stewart to join them, and promised to telegraph to him from America, telling him when to start. He pretended to enter fully into their designs, but as soon as they left for America he divulged the whole particulars to Captain Mayne, Agent- General for New South Wales who consulted with Mr Verdon and Mr Morrison on the matter. At the suggestion of some members of the Government, the case was Laid before the Secre taiy of State, who advised that the respective Colo nial Governments should be communicated with on the subject by telegraph. Such telegrams were ac cordingly forwarded, and in the meantime Colonel Henderson, the Chief Commissioner of Police, has taken the affair in hand. Nothing, however, of a cha racter confirmatory of Stewart’s statement has been discovered, except that Bethune had recently returned from Melbourne. I give the tale as I received it, no further vouching for the facts than expressing confi dence in the source frbm which I got it.” The Sandhurst Easter Fair, in aid of the local hos pital and benevolent asylum, was opened on Monday, by his Excellency the Governor, and proved a most succe’ssful affair in every way. An immense number of people, say 15,000, visited the reserve wheie it was held, and the receipts were £1628 18s Id. We ( Advertiser) are informed the two members for the Creswick district have received circulars from the • heads of the Roman Catholic Church soliciting their support of Mr Duffy for the Speakership. Tina w iu be the first vote to be given, and we understand Cres wick will be a divided vote. At the Steiglitz races, on Monday—the first ever held at the place—about 250 horsemen and 400 per sons on foot were present. Mr J. S. Cooper was judge- Mr James Scott, clerk of the course; and Messrs W. M'Lennan, Anderson, Gill, and Mitchell, stewards. Mr E. W. Lloyd acted as secretary to the stewards and was most energetic in bringing about the races. The Maiden Plate, of 7 so vs, was won by Mr Cahir’s Mountain . Maid, with Mr Smith’s Welcome Lass second; the Steiglitz Plate, of 10 sovs, by Mr Mason’s Waterwitch, with Mr Cahir’s Horn second; the Hurdle Race, of 10 sovs, by Mr Ryan’s Alfred, with Mr Mitchell’s Roger second; the Consolation Stakes, of 5 sovs, by Mr Qreville’s Jack Tar, with Mr Naughton’s Timsecoud; the Hack Race, of 3 sovs, by Mr Knot’s King Alfred, with Mr Healey’s Weed second. An’attempt to commit suicide in a somewhat uu-' common manner was made on hfonday nighlLby Join*- Ellis, aged 26, residing in Elizabeth street, Melbourne. ' He opened a vein in his left arm with a razor, with-’ the intention of letting himself bleed to death; but fortunately he was discovered, and removed to the hospital, where the wound was bound up. The reason assigned by Ellis for his desire to destroy himself was that his wife had eloped. Sir James Palmer, who had from advancing ago sought to retire from the presidentship of the Mel bourne Hospital, has been induced at the solicitation of the committee, to withdraw his resignation. Mr Walter Montgomery has written a long letter to the Era in praise of the colonies, being a reply to an article that appeared in the columns of that paper headed “ Arrived in Australia,” and bearing on the experience of Charles Mathews in Victoria. Sir Mont gomery concludes his. communication by the observa tion—“ Australia is the only home for the legitimate drama, and I say this after a large American and English experience.” The following are given as the actual French and German war debts up to the present time:—North German Confederation: Prussian loan, 271 million thalers; Bavarian loan, 56,020,000 thalers; Baden loan, 4,575,000 florins; Wurtemberg loan, 9,000,000 florins; altogether, 327,020,000 thalers and 13,575,000 florins, or about 1250 million francs, equal to £50,000,000. France: 750 millions of francs before the war, 250 millions the other day; altogether, one milliard of francs, or £40,000,000. Total for both countries, say £90,000,000. The levee of Chang and company at the Alfred Hall last night was not very largely attended, but the hall looked none the less bright and the musical entertain ment was none the less enjoyable. The levees will bo held every evening during the week. The Excelsior Minstrels played last evening at the Mechanics’ Hall to a numerous audience. The per formance was a repetition of the bill of the previous evening.- A fresh programme is prepared for to night. 