BIRTH. NEWS AND NOTES. A farm laborer, named Patrick Hartigan, charged on warrant with the wilful murder of James Steaven son, at Warrenheip, on 28th May last, gave himself up to Detective Hyland, at the Western Police-station on Wednesday night. From what we can glean of the case, it appears that on the date in question Steaven son went to the house where Hartigan resided, at War renheip, and a quarrel arose between them. They both went outside, and Hartigan knocked Steavenson down ■ with a piece of quartering, striking him over the head several times. Steavenson entered the house covered with blood, and stayed there for several days. He then went'to the hospital to receive treatment for some wounds in his head, which he said were caused by his horse having fallen with him. On the 24th of. June he died in the hospital, and the next day an in quest was. held, and an open verdict returned. After the man’s death Hartigan went out of the way, and the facts of the affair gradually got abroad until they reached the ears of the police.” A warrant was issued on Monday last for the arrest of Hartigan, who gave himself up, we believe, on the advice of his friends. The prisoner will be brought up at the police-court to day.; Constables Darling and Carson were charged at: the Sebastopol Police- court on Wednesday, before Mr Gaunt, P.M., with having on 25th June, through mis conduct and negligence, allowed two prisoners to escape from their custody. Mr Superintendent Hill conducted the prosecution. There was some difficulty at, the start, owing to one of the witnesses demanding his expenses before he was sworn. Constable Darling, however, appeared so, anxious for an investigation that he said he would pay the witness’ expenses. , Mr Hill said he thought the Police; Department would recom pense the witnesses for their loss of time, and the case was gone on with. From the evidence it appeared that on 25th June, at about two a.m., two men were arrested in the sluice- boxes by the watchman at the claim of the Prince of Wales Company. These men were handed over to Constables Darling and Carson shortly -afterwards, and were: carefully handcuffed to gether by Carson. The constables appeared to have their prisoners secure, when they left . the claim, but they had only gone a short distance when one of the prisoners . slipped his handcuffs and made off. Carson; followed him, but rah against' a fence in the dark and lost sight of his man. When Carson ran after his prisoner, he left Darling holding his prisoner by the collar, and with his baton in his right hand.. Constable Darling’s statement of his adventures after this was graphically told, and rivalled Mrs Gladstone, as Grace Harkaway, in her description of the steeplechase. The prisoner first pretended to be lame, and wanted to lean against a fence, but Darling objected. He let his. prisoner stoop for a minute, threatening to “ brain” him with the baton if he moved. While he.was looking round. for Carson the prisoner suddenly tripped him by springing up between his legs, and made off. Darling explained that he could not handcuff the'prisoner, for he had him by the collar with his left hand, while, he held his baton in his right, and by releasing his hold of either the baton or the collar he would have given up,any advantage he had over the t prisoner. When the man bolted Darling followed, and when within a few yards of him threw his baton, which missed its, mark. He was .within a few yards of his man, when the prisoner turned round and stooped with his head towards Darling in such a manner and so suddenly that the constable went over him. The, prisoner .then escaped in the darkness. When Darling described in pantomime how the prisoner stopped and turned, those in court burst into roars of laughter; and when Darling, having first apologised for being about to use a sporting phrase, said he was “ out of the race’ 1 from this moment, nearly every one in court sympathised with him. Mr Gaunt exonerated the constables from blame by. discharging them, stating that neither mis conduct nor negligence had been proved. The decision was received with applause by the.crowd in court.- \- A man named D. Kirk, a hawker, met with an accident yesterday, on the Buninyong road, by;which he had one of his legs fractured. He was received at the hospital last evening. The hoisting of the, flag-staff to. the City-hall tower was partly performed yesterday, and a few feet of the topis now visible above the tower roof. The staff is a fine long pine, and when- elevated to its permanent position will be seen from every part of the city. The plasterers have made good progress with the enrich ments of the tower, and the top portion will soon bo ready for the plumbers and carpenters to proceed with the completion of the roof. Sergeant Darner, has been called upon to act as adviser to the Chinese at Golden Point. A few days ago Ah Coon,-who some years since acted as Chinese interpreter at Ballarat, waited on the sergeant to ask his advice upon'a very serious matter. Ah Coon stated that one night he was asleep in his hut at Golden Point, when he was aroused by a tapping at the door. He got out of bed and looking but saw vanishing in the darkness a misty row of figures, with Chinese countenances, and clothed in long flowing white robes. Ah Coon -wondered, but seeing nothing more returned to his slumbers. In a few moments; the knocking commenced again, and this, time when Ah, Coon went to the door, he says, the figures were more distinct, and he saw that the procession was headed by the shade of an old Chinaman, with a long white beard. Again the procession of ghosts, vanished, again Ah Coon returned'troubled to bed, and again the knocking was resumed. This time Ah Coon pondered before ho opened the door. He was sure his visitors were from another world, and he mentally reviewed his past life to try and remember if he had ever made any promises to the dead and left them unfulfilled. He suddenly recollected that when the cemetery authorities had oii account of the. danger objected - to the burning of paper over the Chinese graves in the cemetery, he had promised to have a small fire-place and chimney erected there, for the purpose of carrying out the Chinese custom of burning a certain kind of paper at different times over the graves of the departed. This promise he had not carried out, and he was sure that this accounted for the visits of the ghosts. Having arrived at this conclusion Ah Coon went to the door and, found the ghosts drawn up, in a semicircle before him. He addressed the venerable leader in Chinese, promising to have the chimney erected, and apologising for bringing them out in such weather. Immediately the ghosts vanished. Ah Coon has built the chimney and fire-place, and has since slept undisturbed. The same Chinaman also informed the sergeant of another ghostly adventure, some years before. This time Ah Coon was awakened by something pulling his shoulder, and when he opened his eyes he saw a large cat with a : white breast standing beside him. He knew, from the cat’s beha vior, that it was not of this earth,: but it did not appear to understand Chinese when he addressed it in that language, and the animal also appeared quite as ignorant of English.- Ah Coon then remembered that, in China; the. land of his birth, it was generally understood that ghosts could not hold pens or pencils. As this cat could not or would not speak, Ah Coon wanted it to write its requests or complaints, but there was a difficulty about holding the pen. Chinese ingenuity, however,, soon overcame all difficulties, - Ah Coon got an iron tea tray, and having smeared itnvervnthnil/sprinkled, it with fine ashes. The ■ white- breasted cat understood at once.. With one of its paws it wrote in Chinese characters on the tea tray tbat .it was the spirit of a Chinaman, whose body was’ at . that: moment lying buried m/a .drive at Long-Gully, 'near.'Dreswick. It asked Ah Coon to have the body removed from the claim and decently buried,-and begged that if such a thing as an inquest waa)held, the body.migbt not be mutilated. ■The. cat then melted away'into than, air, and. Ah Coon slept. The next morning , he states that he rode to -Long Gully, found the body as .described, and had it buried“after an inquest,- at - which -there - was- no posU morfe)»;exnmination, -had been held. Ah Coon wanted the sergeant to advise him as to what he should do another visit, of the. same..kind, but Lamer informed him that the. thing was “out of his line.” - .... ’’ ’.V 'A A meeting Of the : friends and;comrades of'.-'the late Mr C. Duuu/late captain' of' the Ballarat East. Fire Brigade, was held at the ’ brigade 'station on‘Wednes day night. There 'were about'fifty gehtlemeh pre sent. I The secretary to the fire brigade, Mf ’Geilhofer, read apologies from the Rev, B. T. Cummins, and Messrs Joseph Roff and G. R. Fincham, who regretted their inability to attend, and promised donations : of £1 each. Letters of apology were also received from the Rev. Mr Qoldreich and Messrs Geo. Johnson, R. Kent,- R. Longstaff, and M'Hatty. These, gentlemen, all stated that they were unable to attend, and ex pressed sympathy with the movement. Mr A. Ander son, who was in the chair,. said he felt, painfully the loss to the town'of such a man as Mr Dunn. It only remained for them now.to do; their best; for those he had left behind. Under.the most favorable circum stances, from an enquiry he had made into Mr Dunn’s affairs, he found that, the utmost that would be left for the support ■ of the family-- would be £BO. Mr Dunn had lived by his own work, and had suffered three times by flood, and once by fire. He had during , the last ten years given his time for the benefit of his fellow-townsmen, - and' he. (the‘ chairman) thought that if a proper appeal were made a sum would be raised sufficient .to relieve the family from any pressing want, and to enable the children Mr Dunn had leftto be brought up properly; Mr Steinfeld moved—“ That those present should form themselves into a com mittee.” Mr Eastwood seconded the motion, which was carried. Messrs A Anderson and Steinfeld each said that they would head their subscription lists with ■ £5 5s each. It was decided that Mr Anderson should be appointed treasurer, and Mr Geilhofer secretary to the committee; An executive committee, consisting of Messrs Dyte, Gloyer, Eastwood, Steinfeld/ Franz, Anderson, Geilhofer, and E. J. Lewis was. appointed., After collecting-books had been handed to a large num ber Of.'those present the meeting closed. House thieves seem to be on the move again in the suburbs. On Tuesday night a pig was stolen from the premises of. Mr Mitchison, in Mair street; and on the same night a robbery was committed at the house of Mr James Smith, sharebroker, Webster street. Mr Smith being ill, a fife was kept Up all night in the kitchen, to supply any necessary that might be re quired for an invalid. The thief got into the house— We have not learned how —made himself comfortable by the kitchen fire, took off his upper garments, and replaced them by a flannelshirt and other clothing of Mr Smith’s. He then tried, on a pair of Mr Smith’s boots, but found them too small. The servant-girl saw someone look into her room, blit thought it was Mrs Smith; and Mrs Smith heard someone move about in the kitchen, but- thought it was the girl.. The thief got clear away, but it is only fair to state that he left Mr Smith his upper garments in exchange for those he abstracted. We believe Mr Smith does not regard the exchange as by any means a fair one. A numerously attended and enthusiastic meeting of ladies interested in the Mechanics’ Institute Bazaar . was held on Wednesday afternoon. Mr AH. King presided. It was determined that the bazaar be carried out on the art union principle; all tickets one shilling each. The admission was fixed at one shilling, and will entitle, the person paying it to a chance in the grand piano, which will , be drawn for at the end of the bazaar. The bazaar is to-be opened on Wednes day, 6ch September. Mr A H. King was appointed permanent chairman, and Mr F. M. Claxton treasurer, to the committee. Most encouraging reports were given of the progress made, several Of the ladies being able to double the number of articles promised by them. It was decided to hold meetings every alternate Wednesday at 4 p.m.; the next meeting being fixed for the 26th irist. The late Mr Thomas Martin of Brown Hill, who was killed while mining lately, was buried by his comrades of the 3rd Company of Rangers, under Captain Sleep, yesterday. The funeral procession proceeded through Sturt street and Bridge street, and by Drummond street to the Old Cemetery; the drum and fife and’ brass bands of the 3rd B.V. Rangers, playing.“ The Dead March " and the “Sicilian Mariner’s Hymn " on the way. The usual rounds of blank cartridge were fired over the grave. A report of the annual meeting of the Ballarat Horticultural Society will be found in . another column. - ' Our Smythesdale correspondent writes;—“An- ex tremely painful subject has been brought under my notice. During the past few nights a number of letters addressed to youths in Smythesdale township, and containing the moat terrible slanders and insinua tions, expressed in the grossest language, have been scattered about in the street. Some of the letters in question are now in the hands of the police, and it is questionable whether even the most abandoned characters in the worst dens of infamy in the colony would deliberately write such filthy language for such vile purposes. Several young women and young men, some of whom are respectably connected, are broadlv particularised in the infamous documents referred to. One ofc the letters picked up:a few mornings ago, was forwarded to the yOung man to whom it was ad dressed, . the finder of , course never apprehend ing anything wrong, and glad to have an oppor tunity of sending the letter to its destination. It ap pears that there are other letters of the same malig nant kind in circulation besides those the police have got hold of. It need scarcely be said that the police are strenuously endeavoring to trace the dreadful affair to uts origin. For several nights past they have, it seems, been ;out in colored clothes through the locality, with the hope of obtaining a clue to the matter. . Some of the envelopes used were blue, and others brown, and the handwriting was Large and sprawling, as if the writer’s real handwriting had- been cunningly disguised. It is supposed that larrikins or larrikinesses are implicated in the affair; and should such be the case, it would certainly ■ seem to suggest that larrikinism hitherto, bad as it may have been, had only shown incipient manifestations, and that some other appellations of mere frightful significance will be required in order to designate it correctly in the more advanced stages of its development.” In the following not always very lucid terms, the Oreswich Advertiser refers to the Ballarat East election: —“ Looking at the matter dispassionately, anxious to initiate something better than the inaction, or worse, which has for some time characterised the conduct of those who have had the reins of office, we confess that wo think Mr Walsh’s "acceptance of the : Attorney- Generalship should not involve his re-election. Nay, more, we doubt whether the attempt to do so will not re-act on the opposition. The new Attorney-General,; apart entirely from-the good he could do for his own constituents, could bring a long experience to bear on the settlement of mining reform, a subject which has been persistently overlooked and neglected for years. In their- own interests, as well as in those of the country generally, we think that'the electors of Bal larat East would act wisely by returning the Attornoj-- Guneral. His return would string them, the Ministry, and leave them without excuse for the non-perform auce of most of their promises, the majority of which are such as the wants of the colony demand, if not from the present ' Ministry, certainly from any party in power that can ever hope to retain the popular confidence.” The Ballarat East Police-court was re-opehed ou Wednesday morning. The Mayor and Messrs Dyte and Steinfeld were on the bench, and the only pri soners were three drunkards, who were discharged. Contrary to expectation, no remarks were made bn the subject of the re-opening of the court. We under stand that so soon as the clerk of petty sessions is re appointed,, the courts will Sit under the old arrange ment. - ; ; At the usual half-yearly' change of officers of Court Foresters Home, 3516, which took place at the Court room, in Coe’s Court-house hotel, Smythesdale,' on Tuesday evening, the following appointments were made:—-Br Dean Hart, C.R.;-' Br A. Yeitch, S.C.R.; Br J. Mosley, treasurer; Br J. Nicol, secretary; Br J. Matthews, S.W.W.; Br H. Parslow, J.W.W.; Br E. Mansfield, 5.8.; and Br C. Tenbrink, J. 8.; Dr Stewart, of Scarsdale, was' appointed court surgeon. Our; local correspondent adds:—“ I learn that the balance-sheet was submitted at the meeting, and that it showed that the court has now nearly £BOO to its credit. The members of the court speak very highly of the present C. 8., Dean Hart. He was, it seems, the principal founder of the court, and he is now elected Chief Ranger for the fifth time; besides, he has held other distinguished offices in connection' with the order.” . At the usual fortnightly sitting of the Scarsdale Police-court ou Wednesday/there'was - no business to bo disposed of. The local poljce magistrate and Mr J. P. Roberts, J.P., were in attendance. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—“l learn that at a meeting held at Sfcipton on Saturday it was decided that the annual ploughing match under the auspices of the Western District Pastoral and Agri cultural Society be held on Tuesday, 8 th August. The place where the ploughing match will be held is not yet decided upon, but of course it will be within a short distance of Skipton. The prize list has, it seems, I bsen tqrangod, and prijea-amounting to £43 are pro vided for award, including two prizes for double-farrow ploughs. The committee has .also decided upon one excellent arrangement in connection with the plough ing match, namely, that all . the prizes are to be paid on the ground. ■■-.■ It is intended' to wind up the affair yrith a dinner in the evening at Sanders’ hotel, at Skipton.”; ! ; ■ An entertainment of a lively sort was given at the Corner oh Wednesday afternoon, when Mr Dyte and others did a little oratory of the rotund kind touching the Ballarat East election/ It was quite an improvi sation, and appeared to be highly relished by a criminating audience.- -A-fierce electoral,battle, isjp, be fought by Mr Dyte for the vacant seat—rif' he doesn’t alter his mind. ■. \- Acorrespondent writes:—“The people .of Smy thes dale and all the friends of, Mr Benjamin Popplewell will be gratified to hear that he has been, out of a list of eleven applicants, unanimously elected as head teacher of the Church of England Common School at Egerton, taking" the place of ’ Mr Mitchell, ; who was appointed some time since to the Smythesdale school.” Mr E. Walsh will address the electors of BalUuat East in the police-court,- on Friday evening, at eight o’clock. The mayor is to take the chair. A miner named Martin Kinnear, while at work in the Prince of Wales mine, on Wednesday struck one of the cap-pieces and brought down a very large quantity of stuff from its proper position. He leaped out of its way just in time to partly escape it. His legs were, however,- caught beneath; the weight and lacerated very much. He was received at the hospital on Wednesday evening. ■ . “ What a prodigious crop;” says the. M. and*!). Ad vertiser, in telling us that Mr Samuel Uren, a well known resident of Timor Creek, called on Monday to say that a man> ia his employ, whilst grubbing in a paddock,.came "across a nest of snakes containing tho extraordinary number' of 109 of these reptiles, the largest of which,; he stales, measured four feet in length. Most of them were very young, but they were all taken from the root of "one tree. A marvel in nature exists, according to the Mail, at Castlemaine, in the person of a man who for years has been driving a cab between Chewton and Castlemaine, and does not know the names of the leading streets in tho town. A railway to Gipps Laud,is indispensable according to the folk there. The BairnsdaleCourier says; — “ The amount required to be expended in the forma tion of such a line as the one proposed was estimated not to exceed £3OOO per mile. This line will cost not less than £120,000, and must be made to return at least 5 per cent, on that: amount after paying all working expenses, cost of maintenance, and reserve fund for reconstruction. Fifty passengers backwards and forwards, each 300 days, 2nd class a head per mile, £17,500; 100 tons of traffic, over the full dis tance, 300 days, 2nd class a ton per mile, £35,000; carriage of special traffic, at least £10,000; timber and other revenue from clearance, £l2OO. In all a sum of £74,500, or about one quarter of the Murray line, and one-third of the Ballarat line, and if they can pay nearly 4 per cent., what ought the proposed Gipps Land line pay, constructed at one-tenth the cost, and worked at half the expense.” ‘ 1 ■■■.-, Mr George Smith has sent us a catalogue of his latest acquirements in trees, plants, shrubs, and new fruits. Mr Smith’s catalogue will be useful to: per sons desirous of planting during the planting season; The earth hunger is very severe down Colac way it seems. The Observer says: —“ For the two allotments in the parishes of Ondit and Mirnee, which were an nounced to be open-for selection on and after Satur day last, the Bth instant, there has been a perfect rush. We were informed that early on Saturday morning no less than twenty-one pegs had been driven ‘ in one hole,’ which means, we suppose, that they had been driven so close together as to make it appear that they had all been put down simultaneously. But the richest bit we have heard is that some parties Have . actually been pegging out private land, the property of Mr Robertson !” • . -■ The suppression of Orange lodges bylaw is advo cated by the M.and D. Advertiser, whose opinions on the merits of tho coming Ballarat East election are as follow:—“ The sham liberals in Melbourne, Bal larat, Hamilton, and elsewhere, are intensely cha grined at the popularity of the new Ministry, and at the unopposed return of all its members, with the ex ception of the recently-appointed Attorney-General. He, it seems, is threatened with furious opposition by- Mr ‘ Bogus ’ Clarke, of Orange lodge notoriety, and political bottle-washer to the ex-Chief Secretary. We believe the main ground of hostility to Mr Walsh is this—that he is an experienced mining lawyer. While. practising as a barrister in Ballarat for many years past, he has been enabled to obtain a thorough insight into the great and glaring defects of our mining legis lation and administration, and will be therefore en abled to introduce some important reforms in respect to the former, and to lend efficient and valuable assist-* ance to Mr M'Lellan in remodelling the latter. , This was what the M’Culloch Ministry was always promis ing to do, and never did. Mr Walsh, it is feared by his opponents, will perform without promising, and thus add to the prestige and popularity of the new Ministry. This is gall and wormwood to the obstruc tives.” Says the Aye of Wednesday;—“Legal proceedings are likely to arise out of the Kunawading case. A letter, of which the following is a copy, was forwarded to one of our contemporaries on Monday evening:— ‘ Melbourne, 10 th July, 1871.-—Sir, —On coming into town late this afternoon, I was appalled at the state ments given in your paper respecting my wife and my self. . To these I give the most emphatic denial; they are groundless, slanderous, and obscene. My only course is to place the matter in the hands of a solici tor, that I may obtain such vindication as the law will allow. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, James Hen derson. To' the editor of the Daily Telegraph.’ Yesterday .we are informed that Messrs Woolcott and -Turner served a writ on the proprietors of the "journal named, for damages to the amount of £5OOO, at the suit of Mr Henderson.”-. A supplement to tho Government Gazette was pub lished on Tuesday night," showing the result of the various appeals which have been made against the rent of the pastoral runs. . , The new penny postal cards are now ready for issue, but before this can be done it will be necessary to amend the Postal Act; and for this purpose a bill, will be introduced immediately after the re-asseniblihg of Parliament. The members of the Melbourne Club entertained Captain Jonkheer M. W. Bowier, the commander of his Netherlands Majesty’s screw steam sloop of war, and several of his officers, at dinner, in Melbourne, oh, Tuesday evening. The chair was occupied by the vice-president of the club. ; ■■/• Early on Monday morning (says the Express) the quiet of the little township of Ondit was disturbed by. the alarming cry of fireT' Everyone of course rushed out of their beds, and it was discovered to be the Hational hotel in flames. " Owing to'the quantity of spirits in the bar the flames spread with such sur prising rapidity that, although the most -strenuous efforts were made by "several individuals, nothing whatever was saved, and it was with some trouble that the inmates themselves escaped. In just one hour from the time when" the flames first burst forth not a vestige was left except a heap of smouldering ashes. Kb cause can be assigned for the fire—it seems; to have been purely accidental. Great sympathy is ex pressed for Mr and Mrs Quinane, who have been thus ruthlessly turned out of house and home. Fortu nately the building, furniture, and stock were insured iu the Victoria .Fire and Marino Insurance Company for £2OO. A supplement to the Government Gazette notifies that certain runs therein specified have had their rents diminished, whilst the rents of other runs have been confirmed. These runs were in the Ararat, Ballarat, Beech worth, Benalla, Castlemaine, Echuca, Gipps Land (North and South), Gisborne, Grant, Melbourne, Omeo, Portland, Swan Hill, Warrnambool, and Wiin mera East districts. ■ On Saturday (says the Argus) there died in the Melbourne Gaol an old woman who had been au in mate of the gaol hospital since 1867. She was im becile, and without friends or means, and consequently was kept in the prison from her admittance till; her death, as efforts to obtain her admission into the benevolent asylum had failed. Her name was Jessie Walker. She was over eighty years of age when she died, and the cause of death was old age. At an inquest on Monday a verdict to that effect was found. ... , Steps are being taken towards having Sandhurst proclaimed a city. , . , • At a meeting held at Sandhurst on Monday night it was resolved that the banquet to be givou to the Ministry should be held on the 20th inst., aud'a'gen eral committee of forty- three gentlemen, with- power] •to add to their number, was formed. At the meeting (says the Bendigo A elver User) it was mentioned that the Chief Secretary had signified the acceptance for himself and colleagues of the invitation to the ban quet; : ; - - ; - • Mr. M'Lachlan, late P.M. of Sandhurst, was-pre sented on Monday, in view] of,his approaching depar ture from the town, with a purse of 700 sovereigns, subscribed "by the public of Pedigo, in recognition of the way in which he had for many years discharged his magisterial duties. ; A meeting of the subscribers to the Corrigan Fund was held at the Town-hall on Tuesday; the mayor (Mr M'Phersdn) in the chair. The treasurer reported the net amount of tho subscriptions, after paying off all claims, to be £ll3B 9s 3d. A form of trust deed was adopted, and the ordinary provision was made for the maintenance, of the widow and family of the de ceased out of tho interest of the money, which was to be, invested on mortgage upon freehold property. A ■ special provision was inserted to .meet the possible case of the widow and family dying before the youngest child had arrived at the age of twenty-one. Should such a thing happen, the annual interest of the money was to be devoted to the founding of a Corrigan exhibi tion at the Melbourne University. Emboldened by Mr Longmoro’s declaration (says the Hamilton Spectator) that there was to be ho rail way to Hamilton, the selectors have commenced pegging the routes surveyed for the Western railway. Tile Hamilton Land Board, however, did not seem to attach much weight to Mr Longmoro’s pronuncia mento, for they refused off hand one of these appli cations for a slice of the Black Line. On Wednesday : the site of the' “Portland- tramway was in favor .with the selectors. ';* t - - /■... -. \ • An important surgical operation, consisting of the excision of a cancered tongue, was on-Monday per formed,, says the Express, at the Dunolly District Hospital. Dr Wolfenden, the house surgeon, was the operator, assisted by Dr Green, of Tarnagulla, and Dr Pierce, honorary surgeons. The cancer was speedily and successfully removed, scarcely a drop of blood being lost. . A subcommittee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society |will meet at 11.30 on Saturday, in Craig's hotel, to consider the various reports and re commendations regarding the thistle nuisance. Tile Ballarat Farmers’ Club will meet on Saturday morning next at Craig’s Iloyal hotel. A paper will be read on the subject of farmers’clubs. Mr F. H. Byrne will deliver a lecture in the Catholic Hall, Dawson street, to-night, his subject being “ Friendly Societies; their Origin and Progress.’- The military ball will take place to-night in the hall of the Mechanics’ Institute. The hall will be prettily decorated for the occasion, and a good band will be iu attendance. " ■ . . \- The attendance at the Theatre Royal last evening was a slight improvement on those of previous even ings. The pieces performed were “ The Home Wreck,” and f‘ The Omnibus.” . This evening an entire change is announced, the comedy of “An Unequal-Match ” is to be performed, followed by a farce entitled “A Kiss iu the Dark.” 