DR. SHORT AND THE SYNOD. TO THE EDITOK. j Sir — It has been remarked with much . sangfroid that the institution of the ; South Australian Anglican Synod was designed principally for the public washing of the dirty linen of the Eng lish Church. On last washing-day there seems to have been an unusual collec tion of soiled clothes to be got through — not only the filthy clothes of the Anglican mud-punchers in South Aus tralia, which, on every washing-day is quite a Herculean task (equal to the 1 cleansing of the Augean stables), but there was all the ship's washing of foreign countries— Italy, Spain, Austria, France — not omitting the soiled clothes of the Pope, and that of the Cardinals, Archbishops, and Bishops of the late (Ecumenical Council. There is no person who reads the reports of the Synod from time to time but will confess that Dr. Short has more than he can well manage to preserve order and tranquility amongst the few clerical recruits of the Anglican ministry in this colony, without intermingling in the affairs of other nationalities and their religion. Let him quell the dis turbances and rows in his own Church, and preach charity and meekness to his ministers, who on every occasion of meeting give to their Synods and Coun cils rather the appearance of a bear garden than of a religious assembly. Before I advance any further it may be well for me to remark that I protest against the unauthorized and unjust assumption of Dr. Short, and of jour- nalists and writers, to style himself Bishop Short, or his coadjutors to be classed as legally- ordained ministers. Having no faith in the nag's head con secration, or Dr. Parker's jurisdiction, I am of the same opinion as the most celebrated divines of the Protestant Church in England, and even of some Protestant ministers in this colony, that the validity of Anglican orders is very questionable, and seriously doubted. So thought the Newman's, the Manning's, the Faber's, the Clifford's, the Ander son's, the Ive's, &c.;, &c.;, and that bright galaxy of learned converts who forsook the dark and turbid waters of Protes tantism for the invigorating and life- giving well-springs of Catholicity, all of whom humbly petitioned for the seal of holy orders from the holy See of Rome, the fountain and source of authority and jurisdiction. Many Protestant ministers deny that Apostolical Suc cession is necessary for jurisdiction; it is enough for them, they say, to be the duly appointed ecclesiastical ministers of the British Parliament, and the clerical ambassadors of Queen Victoria. These titles and commissions are suffi cient to obtain for them a sinecure position in this life, and a tolerably fair share of the loaves and fishes. Yes, these Parliamentary titles — Protestant ministers,, royal ambassadors, modern biblCmen — are the summum bonnm of their claims to spiritual jurisdiction. They are the usurped, forged deeds by which they impose on their flocks, and i the ludicrous jurisdiction by which they j preach and teach. Their right to teach 1 and pray is just similar to their claims ! to precedency at a levee, fashioned after ; the taste and pleasure of the Queen and ; British Parliament, who are the reliable ; authority upon all questions of belief ; in God, heaven and hell, and who deter- i mine articles of faith as they decide the tariff or duty on manufactured goods, according to the exigencies of the , kingdom. A late illustrious writer has fitly described the Protestant ministers to be both judicially and officially , the very creatures of State, wearing their surplices and preaching by pre- I cisely the same authority as a midship- ; man wears his sword, and a Queen's | Counsel his wig and gown. j Dr. Short, in his rabid attack on the ' Pope, as head of the Catholic Church, and on the late (Ecumenical Council, has not only betrayed the most reckless forgetfulness of his own antecedents, who put themselves at the head of the most frightful apostacy the world has ever witnessed, but has also on many very important matters, both of public and palpable notoriety in connection with Catholic countries and the Catholic Church, set all the delicacies of truth and fact at defiance. Though Mr. Short is my senior, and can lay claim to the title of Doctor, still I will veS&iire; to give him a short , though I hope a very effective counsel. Let him go to the ecclesiastical washtub, and see that he comes before the public with clean hands. Let him descend into his heart of hearts with all humility, and casting a retrospective glance upon the character of the first founders of the great English heresy, and the innumerable flagrant iniquities of that unparalleled impos ture, ask himself, " Who and what am I ?" or, in the language of Tertullian, "Quo ccelo , descendi , gace terra geniut me." It is laid down as a gospel truth that " a bad tree cannot produce good fruit." I may be permitted to ask what good could be expected to emanate from the first head — the accredited proto- apostle, the self-appointed Bishop, the self-c.onsecvatedPope of Protestantism — Henry the Eighth. His name has come down to us through history as a monster who divorced three wives, and beheaded two (one of them probably his own daughter) ; who murdered the nuns and clergy, who burned and destroyed most invaluable libraries, the loss of which is inestimable ; who robbed convents and monasteries to the amount of millions in value ; and who stands charged with spilling more blood of innocent subjects than has ever been shed by the most cruel tyrants -that have crimsoned either ancient or modern history. Such was the first and common father of Protes tantism and all the other countless excrescences which have sprung from it. Such was the character of a man who, in 1532, caused himself to be pro claimed the religious head of Protes tantism, the infallible guide to heaven — the successor of the Apostles, and the vicegerent of Christ on earth. The next Protestant Pope is no less a subject of horror and impious contempt than the former. Edward VI., when only ten years old, by virtue of being the illegitimate son of Henry VIII., is pro claimed Pope of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. By virtue of his Aether's saintly character we have a Bishop born into the world with a mitre on his head and a crozier in his hand — a child Pope, at the age of twelve, compiling a Book of Common Prayer, though he could scarcely read it- — the head of Protestantism, and yet he did not know what the word meant. There is very little honour to be claimed from such an ancestry as his. Perhaps something more illustrious and more deserving, the name of religion will be found in the characters who suc ceeded, but I can hold out no such hopes ; instead of getting better, it seems that they are getting worse by the force of example, and that Jack turns out worse than his master. I have now to consider the spiritual supre macy of Protestantism in one of its most wicked and loathsome representa tions. The tiara and the inspiration of the Holy Ghost descends next upon the royal nun — the virgin Queen (!!!) Elizabeth. This lady Pope, the illegi timate offspring of Henry and Anne Boleyn, inherits her father's sanctity, and is proclaimed ruler and head of the Protestant schism by the same Parlia mentary authority which lias proclaimed and commissioned the Right. Rev. Augustus Short, D.D., ruler and keeper of the bears and tigers in the ecclesias tical menagerie of South Australia. It is really very painful for a Christian to expose the sore spots and tear open the wouuds of individuals and of societies, but when a person of Dr. Short's assumed dimensions in sanctity and piety comes before the public, and thinks it no breach of charity to utter what he knows (or, at least, what every white man knows) to be notoriously false, and to insult a large boby of his fellow -colonists, I may well be pardoned for adopting the principle of bitter retaliation, and demanding " an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth." Eliza beth, the virgin Queen ! has left us a portrait of herself, drawn by her own hands. A single glance at it will be sufficient to convey a striking idea of the person, mind, and passions of this immaculate virgin Queen, and to stamp her as one of the most degraded, the lowest, and most infamous characters that ever disgraced the human race. I will refer your readers to the Parlia mentary Statute-Book of England, 1571, m which year a law was passed by the British Parliament, and received the jignature of Elizabeth, " that, in the event of our Most Gracious Sovereign Vn9 without a lawful heir, the Crown of England , and with it the Supremacy of the Protestant Church, should descend to her natural issue"— her bastard chil dren ! ! This is the immortal, shameless picture of Elizabeth, drawn by her own hands. This is the imperishable record of her virginity, forsooth, given in her own handwriting. Talk now, Dr. Short, of Protestant glory, of Eng lish principle. Let Protestantism talk and boast of a nation that submitted to such a code of religious principles and morality in a woman for more than forty years. Catholics are- really sick of listening to the sickening cant of the virgin Queen Bess, the boasted liberty of Protestantism, &c.; " Quosque tundem Gatalina, abutere nostra patientia." Take the vilest miscreant, the most abandoned wretch, the most shameless monster in woman form that has ever stained the profligate records of crime by her lusts and debauchery — wretches who have lost every virtue, and are plunged into an unfathomable abyss of crime —and yet in the blackness of their blackest hearts there is still left a sense of shame to prevent them from exposing their crimes and iniquities ; but, by this Act of Parliament we have the Queen of an empire that boasts of the purity of the reformed religion, of its glory, its bravery, and its religious liberty ; we have the head of a Church calliug itself Christian summoning a Parliament and passing a law to make her illegitimate children lawful, and appointing them to the spiritual supremacy of the Protes tant Church, and signing these records of her crimes. These be thy Gods, oh, Dr. Short ! who liberated you from the sweet yoke of the Catholic Church, and tin ew open the wide gates of licentious ness and immorality for the rebellious to pass through and perish. Passing over from the reign of Eliza beth, and omitting to mention many public facts of her reign, and the con duct of her private life, which would crimson the cheek of a Christian, and disgrace the morality of a Pagan, we come to Pope James, First of England Sixth of Scotland, of whom history has pronounced to be " the wisest fool of Europe, and the strongest features in his character to have been his pusillani mity and insincerity. This king, we find guilty of one of the most unnatural and cold-blooded crimes we find re- coided. The son of the most accom plished lady in Europe, and possessing all the charms of beauty and grace in the highest degree, stood by the block with folded arms, and silently looked on at a distance, whilst his innocent Queen Mother. Mary Stewart, was brought forward for execution, and never made the slightest protest, or expressed the slightest disapprobation at the cruel murder of his mother, though he could have saved her life. What say you now, Dr. Short and the Protestant Synod, to the sanctified and edifying heads of your Church and your venerable ecclesiastical Senate ? What could, have possessed you, in an evil hour, to fling mud in the face of the spiritual head of the Catholic Church and its venerable assembly of Bishops, whom the world respects for their sanctity, their morality, and their learning. Lookat the stains which trathful History points to in your Church's linen, oh,Most August Washer woman— stains which not all the most ecclesiastical laundresses who dabble in the ecclesiastical washtub, nor all the waters of the ocean, will remove. It is enough to make the skin creep and the blood to run cold and freeze in the veins of a Catholic to see and hear you connecting the name of Christ, the early primitive Apostolic and Catholic Church, with such a hideous aggregate of lust, murder, robbery, and impiety as go to constitute Protestantism. Just picture to yourself our Saviour sitting on the Mount, where he preached the eight beatitudes to the multitude, and then, again fancy to yourself that you see batan coming up from the unfathomable abyss, and, usurping his place, begin to expound them to the people, and you will have a parallel for Henry VIII., Edward VI., Elizabeth, James, et sic de coeten's setting themselves up as the head of Christianity in England and all over the colonies. In regard to Dr. Short's bigoted taunts upon the loss of the temporal power of the Pope — a power which he has possessed for over one thousand and five hundred years, it will not be a source of much comfort to him to learn that though there are over 250 millions of Catholics in the world, there is not a desponding heart in that vast number, not one who falters in their allegiance to the Holy See. In her trials and per secutions the children of Home never eaied or trembled, they mutually assisted each other by prayer and holy consolations. " Behold how the Chris tians love one another." It is true that the clouds and storms which have been accumulating for years have burst, and deprived the Holy Father of his pos- sessions. But what of all that? Is this only the first time that the Popes have suffered persecutions ? Does this discourage the Catholic world ? Dr. Short must be shallow-minded, indeed, and possess a most treacherous memory, if he compares for one moment the perilous and menacing aspect of the woild now with that which period after period has presented itself in the eighteen centuries gone by. The evils of a corrupt civilization are daily spreading like a deadly pestilence ; still, God's ways are wonderful in the preservution of his holy Church. The power of Peter is equal to the wildest extiavagance of human wickedness. The world and the pow ers of darkness \- that world so lordly, and exulting in its prospects of the humiliation of the Church of God, may appear to the weak-minded to have obtained a victory. But every Catholic heart knows and feels that there is no victory over the Church, for Peter fights at the head of the Christian host and of the Church. Dark spots may appear on the sun's disc, and clouds pass over the face of the moon, but when the cloud has passed away and the black spots have been removed these luminaries of light come forth in renewed splendour. So it has always been with the Church, after emerging from the persecutions which threatened to exterminate her. In Rome of old, for 300 years the Church snffered per secution. Had it been possible for the power of man to extinguish the Church of God, it would then have been exiin- guished. For 300 years the Church was persecuted, and for 300 years it became vigorous and strong, and after these 300 years were passed— when Emperors, wearied with slaying, ceased to persecute the Catholic Church, under the guidance of the Popes, traversed the world on the great Imperial roads, took possession of the facilities which Pagan Rome had prepared, and ex panded its organization through the world. Such, too, has been the history of the Church in every country where she has been persecuted. So it was in England, Scotland, and Ireland. Three hundred years of penal laws and perse- cutions have swept over these countries, If it had been possible to extinguish the Church of God in these countries, it would have become extinct long ago ; but its imperishable life has ; strengthened, expanded, and it is more ! vigorous, more mighty than ever. ' After 300 years of persecution, and the persecutor is weary, after having ex hausted all his rage and fury, he will do nothing to assist the Catholic Church in a direct manner, but he has been forced to set it free, and give it liberty. The limbs of that gigantic venerable tree, the Catholic Church, had grown too strong, and spread themselves over the wide extent of the British Empire, though the sun never sets on her pos sessions, refusing to be enslaved and cramped. In this year, 1871, there are almost double the number of Arch- bishops and Bishops united to the Holy See under the shadow of the British Empire that is to be found united to the Civil Supremacy of the Queen, notwithstanding the mighty ordeal of fire and sword to which Catholics have been exposed. The Church nowadays, like in the days of her primitiveness, is using the wealth of the temporal power of England as the material instrument of its expansion, taking possession of her world-wide organization, working and extending its spiritual influence under tbe shelter of its civil laws, and pre paring itself for a vast comprehensive future in the British dominions of which -we only see the beginning. I might cite, but it would occupy too much of your space, five or six periods in the history of the Church which were storms and tempests when compared with the sunshine of to-day— periods o which no reader of ecclesiastical history can pretend to be ignorant. Who has not read of the exile of the ropes for over 70 years at Avignon? Cue other instance I will add, and a striking one. If ever there was a Pope whom Pius the Ninth resembles, it is Gregory the First. It was Gregory who restored England to the Catholic taith by the preaching of St. Augustine, who founded the original Catholic hier archy in England, as Pius IX. re-esta blished the new one. What was the state of the world in the days of Giegory the first ? All Asia was under the pestilence of Nestorianism ; Con stantinople was full of the spirit of schism ; the Greek Church was on the veige of final separation; Russia was Pagan ; almost all Germany, Sweden, Norway, England, werePapan; Spain was Anan ; and the Lombards had oveiruu Italy. There is nothing now- a clays compare with, the perils of those times. Ihe present is sunshine when placed side by side with the state of the world in the days of Gregory. The bigoted writers in the infidel Press of England may use all their power to encourage revolution, and to expel the Pope from Rome, and, supported by an excommunicated king, the infidel Car bonari and Mazzinians may howl around the Vatican; they may strip the altar, empty the convents, melt down the sacred vessels, cast venerable men into prison, end drive out religious ladies to starve. Stock-jobbers in religion and piety, such as Dr. Short and his Synod, may call this progress and civilization. Still, there are no fears entertained for the Church's safety. Stand forth Attila, the barbarian King of the Huns, " the Scourge of God," of whom history tells us that the grass never grew which your horses' hoofs had once trodden upon, and give a lesson of civilization to the professing Christian princes of our age. When- standing at tbe head of your victorious soldiers you turned away from the gates of Rome, awed and terrified by the venerable and august presence of St. Leo the Great, who waved his hand and bid you back. One word about the General Council and I have done. Scorned as that vast assembly of holy and learned bishops may be by the proud intellect of man, it was the power of God. General Councils have always been the exter minators of heresy ; and, disbelieve it as much as men may, the decrees of the Vatican Council must leave its mark on the history of mankind. It will form an epoch in a century of revolution, and will effectually paralyse the spirit of those bitter serpentine heresies which alienate the intellect and the will from the faith and revelation of God. Chris tian Europe has changed again and again, and it will pass through further vicissitudes. Its laws, its manners and customs may be subject to change, but the canons and laws of God's Church cannot vary, for they are the inspira tions of his Holy Spirit, who is immu table. The dynasties of this world have passed away, and the names of a Napoleon, a Bourbon, a Hapsburg, and Guelph shall be forgotten, but the dynasty of the Popes, which, though seemingly clouded and defeated to-day — a dynasty growing strong from the opposition ot the world — will be radiant with glory and triumph to-morrow, and, standing forth in renewed vigour and life, will prove itself to the world again what it has so often done before, the true support of all civil authority, the true ultimate basis of the civil power of the world. Infidels in their blindness, and bigots in their dotage, like Dr. Short, may affect to despise the human strength of the Catholic Church, and taunts may be thrown in the face of Catholics of the inability, or rather indifference, of Catholic Spain, France, Austria, and Italy, to aid the Pope in regaining his temporalities ; but this is all false, as the indignant and earnest protests against the spoliation of Victor Em manuel clearly testify, and prove that these nations are Catholic to the heart's core. Let it be clearly and well under stood by Dr. Short and those who are of his way of thinking, that devotion to Rome and the Chair of Peter is the proud inheritance of Catholics. This is a thing Protestants cannot well under stand, for they have no faith. Tho ugh calm, patient, hopeful, and resigned as the Iloly Father is under his afflictions and spoliations ; yet if God wills it to day , as in the days of the Crusades, he can rally round him before six months the intelligence and warm-hearted allegiance of 250,000,000. It is well understood and acutely felt that Pius IX has only express the wish, and a millioned army would be gathered in Italy before a month from every country in Europe, and from America, which would sweep Victor Emmanuel, Mazzini, and Garibaldi, into the Adriatic ; and the first to take the field would be the old Catholic armies of Spam, France, Austria, and Germany, and from the highest pinnacle of the Castle of St. Angelo the flags of these united nationalities would float over the capital of the Christian world. Talk about international laws and treaties. International treaties now-a-days, foi- sooth ! What international law can or dare mark the limits, and confine the boundaries of a Sovereign whose authority and will are recognized in every clime, and who is receiving assurances of loyalty from men in every tongue, _ whilst he rules their hearts, is guiding their convictions, winning their affections, and lifting up their aspirations to Him whose Vicar on earth he is ? Think you, if Pius the IX. summoned his faithful children around him, would the Governments of Spain or Austria oppose the will of the nation? If thev did, it would be only idle for them to" do so. Poor Dr. Short, I must suppose, believes that the obedience and loyalty which Catholics pay to the Pope is commensurate with what his ministers pay to him, which is very trifling. If he does, I can assure him he is not only Short by name, through his father, but Nature herself has made him short ; for he must be very short in comprehension, short in intellect, short in memory, and . very short-sighted. However, when God thinks fit to interpose, means will not be wanting to preserve His Church. Catholics have no dread about that, for they are fully assured " of His kingdom there shall be no end." Greater kings than Victor Emmanuel, and empires than the Italian kingdom, have fallen and come to nought for interfering with the Church, and the future historian may find their fall and ruin in these words of our Divine Lord: " Who soever falleth on that stone shall be broken, and on whomsoever it shall fall it shall grind him to powder." I am, Sir, &c.;, Prt AdeIaide- INQUISITOR. Reorganization of the French Army. — An account from Bordeaux states that the bases ot the Government scheme for the military reorganization of France are as follows : — The army will be disbanded en bloc ; the officers of all ranks of the regular army will only be retained on their passing an examination proving them to be really worthy; the class of 1871 will constitute the nucleus of a fresh army, in which promotion by seniority and favour will be abolished, and no rank, high or low, be obtainable without a public examination in the camps to which all specially military schools will be transferred. Administrative reor ganization on an extensive scale is also projected, chiefly with the view of simplifying the present system, of abolishing sinecures, reducing the number of officials, and distributing them better over the different departments. South Australian Catholic Association. — On Monday evening, May 29th, a meeting was held in St. Francis Xavier's Hall, for the purpose of forming an athletic club in connection with the Association. After some discussion the following gentlemen were appointed as a commitfee to carry out the object desired:— Messrs, J Brodrick, II. J. Conlon, J. Sullivan, J. Egan, M. Healey, H. Otham and O. Lynch. Sudden Death. — On Monday, May 29, an inquest was held by Dr. Clin- denning, to enquire into the circum stances attending the death of Mrs. Samuel Gazard of Nailsworth, who died suddenly that morning. In accordance with the medical evidence, the Jury returned a verdict that the deceased had died from apoplexy. 