CHAPTEB IL ROSE'S PARENTS. When Sir Geoffry Snriy lay a dying, the only temporal question which troubled him was that without his consent, and against his. will, a fool who had married a rogue should succeed to the title. Let a man be never so strict a conservative —and Sir Geoffry was conservative to the backbone—there is still enough of the original Adam left in him to induce radical tendencies on occasion. When an eldest son appears to be posting off to Pluto, or the next heir deals too freely in post obits, original sin crops up in the breast of our prime old English gentleman, and he wishes, spite of the laws of primogeniture and entail, that he could cut off the offender with a shilling, and reward, it may be, some prudent sneak with the title, and broad lands, and benefits thereto appertaining, and rents therefrom accruing. Now Sir Geoffry was a conservative, but he was also human, therefore, when he found that he had no direct heirs, and that Humphrey Surry must nolens volens succeed to the baronetage, he cursed his day, made his will, and in due time—which to Humphrey seemed a long time—died. After the funeral Sir Geoffry's will was read, and then the new baronet discovered • that nothing his uncle could keep from him was left for his need. Old Court and say a paltry fifteen hundred a year went with the title, but Grayborough Castle and all the broad acres surrounding it, together with about six or seven thousand per annum, were bequeathed to my dearly beloved brother Gilbert, "who.will, I trust, in God's good time, succeed to the title." To Sir Humphrey this proved a blow, but to Matilda, whom he had married, it was worse than a blow. In the visions of night she had beheld the towers of Grayborough— the deed on the lawn had been very pleasant possessions to her. In never once entered into her mind that Sir Geoffry, though he hated her, could visit that hatred on his next of kin—for Humphrey, a gentleman every inch, had refrained from informing her of the result of his only visit to his childless uncle. " You are the first of our race,"" said the baronet, "who have brought a low- born woman amongst our mothers, wives, and daughters. As you have made your bed so must you lie on it. If love be worth anything it will compensate you for the loss of family ties." And then Sir Humphrey Surry turned away, sick at heart, because he knew that it was not for love for him, but for love of his belongings, for love of'what he might even tually give her, that Matilda Berners had married bim. But as I have before said, he was a gen tleman, and he kept his own counsel. He had made a mistake, as many a better man has done since, and there was no use in crying over spilt milk. Lady Surry was Lady Surry, and not all the wills in Christendom could mend the fact; so Sir Humphrey accepted his position, as well as the other fact that he was never likely to have any hfeir to come after him. These things do happen so now and then .amongst the npper ten thousand—possibly they happen just the same " in the lower ten millions, hut that property being an unknown quantity amongst the undistinguishedmany, no one cares to work out the difficult algebraic problem. Humphrey Surry's wife bore him five sons running—five—no less, to the intense disgust of childless Sir Geofiry— for Gilbert had only one—a tall undeveloped stripling, at the time of his kinsman's death. But the five died one after another, and then, after an interval, there was hope of an heir again. When the child came it was a daughter, and gossip said Humphrey's wife turned her face to the wall mid wept. The same year Sir Geoffry died. Six years after wards, Sir Humphrey, having either paid or arranged his debts, came to Old Court with never an heir to inherit the title—but with Lady Surry, whom he had married once for love. it came about in this wise. Hunting one day near Grayborough, Humphrey was thrown and badly injured. "Kind but not far-sighted Mends carried him to the abode of J. S. Berners, M.B.C.S., who saw to his hurts, and who had a handsome daughter. From the day he was borne across his threshold the fair Matilda marked him for her own, the spoil of her bow and her-spear. She was. engaged at the time—for such women do not lack lovers, more is the pity to a certain Bobert Childutt, who farmed a couple of hundred freehold acres, and had altogether been looked upon by the Berners family as rather a desirable catch for Tilly..' Bat Tilly was above any low considerations, and regarded the obligations of a promise no more, or indeed rather less, than, she regarded the necessity of curling the hair. She knew she was handsbme, her glass told her that, even had Mr. Childutt in his folly failed to do so; arid there, in her father's first floor back bedroom lay a gentleman, heir to a baronetage, lacking a wife. Should this thing be suffered in Israel? Should she permit him to go away heart-whole? Assuredly not; and accor dingly, as die, to quote Sir Geoffiy, was a rogue and Humphrey a fool, they made a match of it, and had many children, amongst whom Hose was the only one who lived. To state that her mother disliked Hose would be to convey too mild an idea of her feelings. She hated her. "Had I only known," Mrs. Surry was overheard to say, "I would have managed accoidingly, and had a boy." But at the time she never dreamed of a girl's advent, and Hose's coming was as unlooked for as unwelcome. Hot to her father, however—he did not so much mind Whether his boy, or Gilbert's, succeeded to the title.. Long years of matrimony had done their work, and Humphrey Surry was happily indifferent as to who or what came after him. He had played his game, and failed—for him life was over. If only his wife wonld have left him and Busy alone!—well, every. existence has its "if only," and Sir Humphrey did not care greatly. He was a fool, as his uncle had broadly stated, and Providenee is very good to fools. Oat of the abysses of their only folly comfort comes to them—out of Sir Humphrey's abyss there came Bose. When his wife was dissatisfied, and creditors pressing, Sir Humphrey found a certain pleasure in the sight of his daughter's face—in the clasp of her childish arms. It is a poor life that in which a man disap pointed of the chief blessing life can offer—a woman's devotion—a woman's sympathy— turns to the affection of the children,, who ought merely to serve as a tie binding husband and wife closer together. For me—there will be hundreds, thousands of people, this Christmas time, to say I am a. heathen for advancing the opinion—though my opinion is, God knows, the truth—when ever I see a man disappointed in his marital relations taking comfort oat of his children, and seeking his companionship with them, I always think of a lonely woman I broke in upon one morning unexpectedly, and found nnrsing a cat, all the time that her eyes— Lord comfort her!—were fixed upon the fire—seeing, it might he, therein the ghost: of a dream never realized, of a hope never fulfilled. After all, there is nothing hut a woman can fill a man's heart. I know that—I who, now surrounded by wife and children, sit beside my Christmas hearth with mine empty. My love—yes—you are my wife, and, according to your light, have done your duty, and were you to die to-morrow I should be very, very sorry, and never many again—but you have never filled the vacant corner, for all that—never cured the dull, aching pain, through the years which have come and gone. "My dears, kiss me! you are my children —but you are not hers. If yon had, you might have been different, and I too. Don't many in a hurry, and don't marry excepting for love. It is not bad Christmas advice, this, Mends. When you are kissing under the mistletoe, young Mends, remember what I have told you. When you see young Corydon, Pater familias, decoying your Phillis under the Drnidical branch, be not overswift to advance the claims of that highly respectable other individual whose suit you approve, but rather leave the young folks alone, and if Corydon have no grievous sin-hearing witness against him, can show that he is able and willing to work for the support of his wife, in God's name let themmarry. As the Pharisees in olden times were rebuked because they rejoiced at not being as that Pnhlican, so I always doubt the' woman who blesses the fate that represents to her shortsightedness the Maker of the universe, which interposed to prevent her mating with Frank, the ne'er do well—with Harry, the black sheep. She is fat and unsentimental, this matron whom I remember full of romance, and with a waist I could have spanned; she has daughters she will marry to the highest bidder, and sons she would taboo if they made love where there was no prospect of settlements. Bat oh! Mends, all holy, wholesome, unworldly love is now sour, grapes to her—and it is but her feminine instinct which prompts her to make the best of the mistake, and to per petuate the error. Evil, be thou my good! Mammon, he thou my God! cry these women, who have gone from Dan to Beersheba, and found all barren; and the ciy is echoed by those who, seeing them outwardly prosperous, and apparently happy, behold the rind of the Dead Sea apples, and know nothing of the .dust and the ashes, the decay and the rottenness, lurking within. After which not digression, but statement of opinion, I may return to my story and tell it. 