J - H I P P I N G F F O I R E . * ARRIVED. FBIDAY. JUNE 2. COORONG, steamer, 304 tons, W. McLean, Master, from Melbourne May 31, via Warruambool June 1. J. Darwent, Town; J. Newman, and Son, . Port, agents. Passengers—Messrs. EL Sutton and Diamond, in the cabin; and 21 in -4he steerage. CLEARED OUT COASTWISE. FEIDAT, JUNE 2. TRIUMPH, schooner, 46 tons, R. Arnold, Blaster, for Wallaroo and Port Broughton. FREEBRIDGE, schooner, 70 tons, Glen, master, for Moonta and Wallaroo. FLYING CliOUD, cutter, 30 tons, G. Foulis, master, for Port Augusta. ADONIS, ketch, 55 tons, A. Angelnowitch, vaster, for Port Wakefield. OMEO, schooner, 40 tons, M. Irvine, master, for Yorke's Peninsula. POWLES, barge, 40 tons, G. Garnaut, vaster, for Port Wakefield. PROJECTED DEPARTURES. LONDON—Falcon, early. ALGOA BAY—Edith Smith, early. MELBOURNE—Coorong, June 6; Penola, Rangatira, June 7; Ocean Bride, Martha and Jane, early. SYDNEY—Cynthia, Rifleman, Essie Black, June SAILED. 2—TRIUMPH, schooner, for Wallaroo and Broughton. 2—FREEBRIDGE, schooner, for Moonta and Wallaroo. 2—FLYING CLOUD, cutter, for Port Augusta. 2—ADONIS, ketch, for Port Wakefield. 2—OMEO, schooner, for Yorke's Peninsula, 2—POWLES, barge, for Port Wakefield. MISCELLANEOUS. The LALLA ROOKH arrived on Thursday morning from Newcastle after a passage of sixteen days. On leaving fine weather was experienced, but when off Cape Howe for three days a heavy south- west gale was blowing. On the wind moderating the weather became quite calm, and during the conclusion of the voyage light variables predominated. On reaching the anchorage the pilot took charge, and perse- veriiigly essayed to enter the channel, but was driven back by the light north-east wind, and finally compelled to anchor in the roads. Next morning the experiment resulted more favourably, and the brig was sailed some part of the distance, and drifted on the tide the remainder till she reached the North Arm, where-the tug -was in attendance, and towed her to the wharf. Hie FAIBFIELD, Black Diamond liner, occupies the patent slip for her customary overhaul and refit. The owners in this instance have been lavish, sparing no expense in restoring the ship. The hull is stripped, caulked, and resheathed; new aster keelsons and several hanging knees fiave been put in, and all defects made good. The old gang of hempen rigging is condemned, and its place taken by wire rope, and the foremast on being overhauled was proved to be faulty, therefore a new spar was put in. She will be completed as early as possible, and launched, to resume her berth between Newcastle and Wallaroo. The FALCON has been much admired since she berthed in harbour, and although some of the later vessels have not succeeded in obtaining charters, she has embraced the opportunity to load for London, and as soon as possible will commence taking in cargo. The COORONG, which arrived at midnight, reports having sailed from Melbourne at 2 p.m. of the 31st ultimo. She called at Warrnambool and took in 50 tons potatoes, sailing thence on "the 1st at noon. Fine weather and variable winds were experienced during the passage. MACDONNELL BAY SHIPPING. ARRIVED. May 27—LTJBBA, steamer, McCoy, master, from Melbourne. Passengers—Mr. A. F. Barrett, in cabin; two in steerage. SAILED. May 27—LUBRA, steamer, McCoy, master, for. Adelaide via Port Caroline. Passengers— Messrs. T. Engelbrecht and Bennett, in cabin; 10 in steerage. Cargo—53 bags oats, 373 do. potatoes, Lord and Co.; 285 do. potatoes, Trench. 'For Port Caroline—14 bags potatoes, French. CORRESPONDENCE. " F. H. T."—We think it would be unlawful. " Docendo Discimus."—The words are no <loubt used- figuratively. Of course they would jnot be literally correct. •"Cocker 1 's Ghost" arrives at precisely the same conclusion as we have done, for £39919s. 2sbd. =£399-958X34+. He has, howji^cL, in which a represents £20, and b one [thing. This method is founded on the well- Josown theorem that the square of the difference of two quantities is equal to the sum of their squares, Jess twice their product SHIP matt* General Post-Office, Adelaide, Saturday, June 3. MBQS be dispatched as under:— For Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, Tasmania, and Hew Zealand, by the Coorong (steamer), to Melbourne, on Tuesday, June 6, at 1.30 p.m.; by the Martha and Jane, to Melbourne, this day, Saturday, June 3, at 1p.m. Money orders per steamer, as above, at I p.m. For South Sea Islands, per steamer, as above, at 12.30 p.m. For Cape of Good Hope and St. Helena, by the Edith Smith, to Port Elizabeth, on Monday, June 5, at 3 p.m. For Port Lincoln and Port Augusta, by the Lubra (steamer), on Monday, June 5, at 1.45 p.m. NOTE.—Newspapers for the above must be posted one hour before the time named for closing the mail. ENGHSHMAILS. Last mail arrived in Adelaide. Thursday. May 11. Newspapers to March 24. Telegrams to April 17. Last mail left Adelaide, Monday, May 22. Next mail due in Adelaide, Tuesday, June 6. OVERLAND MAIL, The Overland mail to Victoria and New South Wales closes at Adelaide at 5.30 p.m. every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Single letter to Victoria, 2d.; to New South Wales, 5d.; via Wentworth, 2d. 