VLEhBOVRNE. (FB0M OOfi OWN CORBESFOJiDKNT.) May 6. The choice of Chairmanship of Committees of the Legislative Assembly has fallen upon B. 6. Davies, Esq., one of the members for Uib Avoca electoral distriot. Yonr readers will remember that I foreshadowed as much, although it was extremely doubtful at one time. The other candidates for tbe office were tbe Hon. Yerncy Smith and F. L. Smyth, Esq., one of tbe members for Gipps Land. The first named gentleman bad not tbe ghost of a chance from tbe outset, and popular as tbe latter gentleman has made himself by astardard work u|K-n tbe standing orders of the House, and in tbe presentation of a copy to the various mem bers, the knowing ones knew that B. U. Davies would gain tbe race by a neck. I should men tion that F. L. Smyth was never put to the poll, whicb appears to be an inequitable mode of election, and should be abolished ; and conse quently the first candidate who obtained a majority of tbe House, was the Chairman. I should fancy that each should be put to the poll, and tbe gentleman who got tbe moat votes should be the elect Mr. Danes was chaperoned bv thononuUr member, his colleacne, the Hon. J. M. Grant, who took time by tbe forelock, and although be condescended to allow Mr. Smith's admirers to steal a march upon him, be would not allow those of Mr. Smyth's, and gained bis point by a single vote — the »yes were 34 ; noes, 33, the Hon Mr. Macpherson not voting, having left tbe House before the division bell rang. This procedure on the part of the Minister of LandB is animadverted upon by tbe Age, which reminds tne honorable and learned member tor Duudas that B. O. Davies kept bis administra tion in office by his single vote. However, all is right, and perhaps it will tend to the eleva tion nf Mr. F. L. Smyth to the office of Solici tor-General, vice Wrixon, when the latter is pro moted to tbe Attorney- Generalship. There does not seem to be any great value attached to the vacant portfolio ; for to all intents and purposes it is vacant. Mr. Kerferd, one of tbe members for the Ovens will not take it. So that the position of F. L. Smyth, if he chooses to embark in the Government craft, stanis favourably; unless, indeed, aome fair weather would bring tbe Hon. Thomas Howard Fellows to onr shores, and seeing the altered policy of tbe M'Cullocu Administration, he might throw himself into tbe breach, and not allow such a humiliating state of affairs, as seeing the high and honorable position of a Crown law officer of tbe golden coloDy of Victoria going a-begging Failing this contingency, I desire to know why should not tbe honorable and learned member for Dalhousie be selected to 611 this important appointment, fie— the Hon. Charles Gravau rate share of fame ; and then it would save tbe country £1000, which he draws from the Trea sury now, for ihe many important benefits wnich this community is supposed to have received during his reign. It astonishes me that this idea has not yet struck Sir James ; for thii indeed would be true economy, and not the saving of the kerosene tins by the police force, or collecting tbe old gridirons to manufac ture into horseshoe nails for our hone-artillery. Mr. Loogmore has tabled a notice of motion, which stands No. IS on the paper for Tuesday, which will certainly bring this subject to a close, for undoubtedly the Bouse canoot allow any outsider to hold such an important position as first law officer of the Crown ; and whether me non. ArcuiDaiu jujcme, (j.u., retires into private life, or whether His Honor Mr. Jnstice Williams retires on compensation or pension, to make room for him, one thing is quite certain, tbe House will insist upon one of ita members holding such a highly important position. Mr. Bogus Clarke has been appointed Whip to tbe Government, but it is tbougbt, upon re liable authority, that his term of office is very insecure, for the religious denominations of tt*e present members of Parliament are pnt down as ollows :— episcopalians (or Pops Perry's ad herents), 30 ; Roman Catholics (or Pope Goold's supporters), 13 ; so that they number 43, which forms a majority of tbe House, and, conse quently, ift&ejare; consistent to their religions dogmas, there will be no Education Bill passed this session, unless, indeed, Sir James and hia colleagues are flexible enough to abandon their principles, and modify their views. I under stand that there are 19 of Dr. Cairns' flock (Presbyterians), 7 Independents, 3 Wesleyans, 1 Jews, with a Disciple, a Friend, a Baptist, and an Unitarian, making op the 78 members of the popular Chamber, Tbe A rgiu and Age oomplain of great distress in the city, aud tbe Telegraph denies it, for tbe sake of contradiction ? but there cannot be the slightest doubt of it, and if the distress were confined to Melbourne alone, there would not be mnoh cause fur weeping, but it unfortunately pervades a great portion of the colony. Geelong. Ballarat, and Clones, are looking extremely gloomy, whilst bad accounts reach as from Cwtlemaine and Echuca. Failures and ootn poundings are tbe rule, and now, in place of going through the hoop, insolvents prefer making a compromise tub torn with their oreditors, so that half the failures are not now visible to the naked eye ; and none aware whether his neighbour comes to Melbourne io make purchases, or get his acquittance-roll signed, lodeed, the Western is the only solvent district in the colony. Notwithstanding this statement, money was never more plentiful with lenders, but they are too cautious in accepting any security in the country district*. The people of Wamtambool will not get a breakwater from tbs present Administration ; and it remains to be seen what action tbe Government will take after the perusal of the Portland breakwater correspondence by Mr. Howard Spensley. who has tabled a motion for its production. In this he was backed by the member for Kormanby (Mr. Thomas Cope). The Government have been pledged for yean to complete this national undertaking, and they should have no rest until they commence it in real earnest. 