Mark Brown's Wife: A Tale of the Gold-fields. BY CHARLES DE BOOS. PART I.— THE IMMIGRANTS. CHAPTER VII. — THE FIRST TRACE. AFTER the tent had been pitched, and Tom and his mates had made themselves right for a time, a lengthened conversation with Job's mates was held, but it elicited nothing more than has been above stated. Fuller details, however, were given, and from these it appeared that Job had gone down to the Commissioner's to deposit gold for escort, that he had been there and received a regular receipt. It was on his return from the camp that he had encountered the unknown individual with whom he had been last seen. According to the accounts given there was nothing particular about this man by which to recog- nise him. He was described as being just like a thousand other men on the ground, dressed in a clay stained cinglet and trousers, and a dirty straw hat, and had a spade and pick on his shoulder. The reason he had not been more noticed was because the two seemed to be in earnest and confidential con- versation, and had their heads somewhat bent down. "And is there no one you suspect — no queer characters about?" asked Tom. Job's mate shook his head. "Since Ruggy's mob cleared out about three weeks ago, we've had only decent coves about. If he'd been here - " The moment he mentioned Ruggy's name, Tom and Mack gave a start: — "Ruggy!" cried Tom. "Yes, I recollect now that he was working near you." " Yes, but they worked out about a month ago,: answered the other, "and cleared out a few days after." "What size was the chap ?" asked Tom. "Just about Job's own height," replied the other, " and not quite so stout built." " Is the gully far away ?" questioned Tom. " Not much more than half a mile. It's an old worked gutter, without even a solitary fossicker work ing in it now." "And you searched it thoroughly ?" "There wasn't a single shaft, as showed any chance of finding him in that we didn't go down." Further questioning showed that Job had gone out altogether unarmed, as it was broad daylight, and his road lay through a thickly populated part of the diggings; and that when he was missed the matter was reported to the police. Two troopers had joined in the search, but said Job's mate, they were more hindrance than help, because they would go their own way to work, instead of following out the thing bit by bit, as the miners wanted to do. They had found no trace of any thing, either on the ground or down shafts, and at the upper part of the gully the holes were too shallow to hide anything. "Then," said Tom, "there is nothing but the receipt for the gold as you have to depend upon to trace him?" "Not a single thing ; for the old boy was just in his working dress," replied the other. " Of course you have stopped that !" observed Mark. " Oh, yes ; the Commissioner has made that all right," returned Job's mate. " It's a hard track to pick up," remarked Tom ; "but blood ain't water, to be spilt upon the ground and leave no trace. It always leaves its mark some where, to bring down punishment on him as sheds it." " There's another thing as I was near forgetting to tell you," put in the other. " The old man took his dog with him, and he ain't come back neither." " His dog !" cried Tom. "Then there's hope." "Hope ! How ?" asked the other. "This way," said Tom. "If they've murdered Job, they've killed the dog too, and the chances are they won't have taken as much trouble to hide the carcase of the dog as they've done to keep the master's body out of sight." "Well, I shouldn't wonder but what you was right," declared Job's mate; "but we didn't find neither dog nor man, and we looked about sharp, I can tel you." "No doubt you did, old man, for you and Job were real friends ; but somehow I fancy myself here." With this, Tom next proceeded to get a description of the gully, and a clear indication of how he was to find it and. the man who had seen Job with the stranger. Then, returning to their own tent, before they turned in fer the night, it was arranged that Tom and Mark should prosecute the search for Job, whilst their two mates should look about for ground on which to set to work. "Mark," said Tom, when all this was decided upon, "I can't help thinking as that infernal thief, Ruggy,. has had a hand in this." " The moment I heard his name mentioned," de- clared Mark," I had a presentiment that that ruffian had carried out part of his murderous oath." " I don't know nothing about presentiments," said Tom, "but it looks very much like substantial evi- dence, as the lawyers call it." The next morning Tom and Mark were up before the sun, and, after a hurried meal, started upon the expedition they had laid out for themselves, taking with them provisions for the day, as well as their picks and shovels. They were lucky enough to catch the man who had last seen Job with the stranger, just as he was about to start for his work, and, as his claim lay at some distance, this saved them much time. This man not only pointed out to them the exact spot where he had last seen the two men together, but was also able to bring to mind one or two other circumstances when he came to be interro- gated in the shrewd practical way which Tom em- ployed." The stranger seemed to do all the talking," said he, "and Job the listening, and he had his head down all the while as if he was studying, and didn't half fancy what he was a going about," and then he remem- bered that the man went with a kind of limp, taking a shorter step with the left leg than he did with the right. He had not noticed them particularly he declared, and it was only because he wondered what they were up to in the old gully, and whether a fresh run of gold had been hit, that he looked after them more than he would have done. But it didn't look like that, for they had halted up at that old stump yender, and Job seemed half inclined to go no further, and the dog — yes — that put him in mind that there was a dog with Job — it was a regular rum go — the dog made a bite at the chap's heels ; and the chap turned round rare and savage, and kicked out at the dog. And then they went on, and the dog didn't go running about ahead and on all sides — the way dogs usually go — but stuck close to his master's side. He had lost them just where the gully turned up at the back of that point there, where they could see the bare patch of rock, just below the bush. And that was all he knew. Tom was satisfied. An additional point had been gained. The material upon which they had to work was only small as yet, but they had gathered some thing at each step and that made them hopeful for the future. Thanking their informant, Tom and Mark left him to proceed to his work, whilst they started off up the gully. As Job's mate had declared this gully had been deserted for some time, it had been extensively worked in the lower part, where the shafts were very deep and numerous ; but as the two went higher up, they found the shafts fewer in number and less deep, whilst many had never been bottomed; until towards the head of the gully the bed rock was seen at three or four feet below the surface. The whole place had a most woe-begone appearance. With the heaps of headings piled up around the mouths of the shafts, with the windlass posts left standing here and there the rollers only having been removed, with the total absence of timber or vegetation, thus bringing the rude heaps of headings more prominently into notice, with the few melancholy poles, the last rem- nants of some shed, shanty or tent frame standing like the ghosts of the trees which formerly covered the spot, and with the total silence and absence of life of every kind, it had certainly a most intense ap pearance of desertion. Tom who was well used to this sort of sight paid very little attention, but over Mark who was new to the diggings, the sight had a most depressing influ- ence. Almost without a word passing between them, . for each was engaged with his own thoughts, they reached the old stump where Job and the unknown had halted. Here Tom made a close examination of the ground, but without any result, for it was so stony as to leave but little hope of a track being visible upon the spot, whilst the feet of the searchers who had gone before them, had obliterated anything which, might have served them as a guide. Tom growled outfhis discontent at the way in which the former party had prosecuted their inquiry, and then with his eyes bent searchinglv on the ground he pro- ceeded to the point where the two had last been seen by the man in the flat below. Here the footmarks made by their predecessors began to separate as their attention had evidently been directed to the shafts. " It's getting a little more hopeful," said he to Mark, as he noticed the diverging footprints. "But I'm terribly afeard it's a settler. This just shows you, Mark, the mischief as fellows do, when they go about a thing as they don't under- stand, in a no how kind of way, — why, the very first thing as we want is to get hold of that fellow's foot marks ; and I'm blessed if they havn't been and gone and rubbed 'em out as careful as if they didn't want 'em seen." " I don't see what geod footmarks will do, unless you can get the man himself," answered Mark. "Don't you? " replied Tom. "Why it's this here good— that you know them again when you see 'em. Now, I might see this chap's foot mark fifty times and not know it from some of these men who've been hunting up and down the gully, unless I can get something to fix it by. Look here ! " and he pointed down in front of him, "Here's one of them blessed trooper's feet, gone right across another track as prettily printed in the dust as ever a man could wish. There it is rubbed out by them as ought to have made a pictur of it." And Tom looked down regret- fully upon the track, and then examined the ground te the right and left, a short distance ahead of it. Suddenly his face lighted up. "Mark," he asked,. "Have you got 'ere a bit of string in your pocket ?" Mark foraged in his pockets, and, after a brief search, drew out a few feet of twine. " Clear it out of the tangles and then come here, behind me," ordered Tom. Mark followed his directions, and when he was alongside of him Tom pointed to a small stone a short distance in front, and asked "You see that stone ?" Tom answered that he did. 'Well, there's a footmark there, and I think its the feller of the one as has been rubbed out here. If I'm right, and these are the tracks we want, there'll be another footmark there," and he pointed over to a spot between the two. "No," said Mark, 'It'll fall about there," indi- cating a spot further on. Tom laughed quietly, as he observed, "You forget what was said about a short step with the left, and a long one with the right." "By George, you're a stunner !" exclaimed Mark in the most intense admiration. They now proceeded to measure the distance be- tween the foot marks, and the evidence of the twine told them unmistakably that the step with the right leg was nearly two inches longer than that with the left. "You see," says Tom, 'that he steps shorter with the left, and comes down heavier on it too, so ? that it leaves a clearer mark. Now then let's follow this up till we get a geod clear track, and then we'll learn it by heart." Having a starting point, Tom had not far to go be fore he found what he desired, and then directing Mark to study it carefully, he himself stood over the footprint for nearly ten minutes, without once taking his eyes off it. Riaising up his head- after this ex- animation, he said moodily, "I shall know that again ; if it's twenty years hence ; and now mate, let's look after poor Job." CHAPTER VIII. — FOUND. Mark could not help remarking, "But I can't see after all how this footmark is to help us." Tom shook his head pityingly — "That simple track, little as you think of it, is all that's wanting to bring a man to the gallows. Its one end of a trail, and there's a murderer at the other end of it. I ain't so clever at tracking as I used to be when I was at bush work before the gold broke out in Californy, for I went over there first, never dreaming of the gold as I was walking over. I've lost some of my knack at it, but I can do a fair piece of it now. And look here, mate, as I said before, blood ain't like water, and human life is too precious in the sight of Him as give it to be took away without leaving some trace behind to tell of the murder." Directing his companion to walk on one side of him, so as not to interfere with the line of tracks he had now discovered, Tom proceeded slowly but surely up the gully. He was determined to feel his way certainly, and preferred this, even though it took him a month, as he said, to looking about hap- hazard, as the others had done. They had not gone more than fifty yards in this manner before Tom stopped, and pointing out to Mark another set of footmarks, said, "It's a getting hot, Mark ! Here's the return track of that there limping blackguard. There's others going with it, but then there's no knowing whether they mayn't be them of Job's mates, as has been hunting up and down the gully and doing more harm than good. You see that, don't you ?" " Yes," replied Mark. "It is a clear and unmis- takable footmark." "And don't you know it ?" asked Tom. " Well, I shouldn't like to say," he answered. "Well, well, well !" rejoined Tom in a tone of commiseration, "them's the short step and the long un. Now look here - " and he pointed out certain peculiarities which Mark at once recognised when brought under his notice. " Now," he added, "just you try your hand at this. Here's a clean track, for somehow they seem to have been throwing dust about just to make a good bed for a footmark to show in — just you try your hand, mate, at running up this back track, whilst I follow on this 'ere, which is get ting very shady." Mark agreed, and as his sight was excellent, and as he was able, now that Tom had pointed out to him the distinctive marks by which he formed his judg- ment, fully to appreciate those distinctions, he followed on the tracks with greater ease than he would have thought possible only a few minutes before. He speedily went ahead of Tom, the return tracks by some curious fatality being imprinted with more than usual distinctness, whilst tlie forward track became more and more indistinct, until at last Tom was obliged to come to a halt. This would have puzzled an older bushman than Tom Drewe, but he, so far from being discouraged, saw from this and other circumstances that they were nearing the spot at which tlie secret would be discovered, if discovered at all. He had seen indications which proved to him that the tracks had for some reason been covered here and there with loose earth front the headings. This had not been done systematically, but seemed to have been caused accidentally, as the earth carried on a shovel from one place to another had fallen off on the way. "It has not been done to cover the tracks alone," muttered Tom to himself. "What else for then ? Was there anything else as was wanted to be hid ?" And for an instant Tom's heart stood still at the thought of what all this trouble had been required for. Looking round him with a keen suspicious glance, he saw Mark some twenty yards ahead of him, standing near an old shaft, and looking about him in a puzzled manner. "Ah !" again murmured Tom, "there's where the forward and the back tracks meet. It's getting precious hot now." Another yard or two, and he found the tracks he had followed had been altogether obliterated by the quantity of earth which had been sprinkled over them, whilst other footmarks were numerous enough ; and he could notice in the heaps of headings at the shafts, the places whence the earth had been taken. Giving up a search which was now useless, Tom, at once strode over to where Mark had halted. "Well mate," said he, " What's up now ? — Lost the track ? " "Yes," replied Mark, "Here's the last of 'em, except some scattered abeut amongst other tracks, as if a dozen chaps had been dancing a jig." " It's been a sorry dance for poor Job, I fear," responded Tom mournfully, "but let's have a squint at 'em." He bent down to look at the tracks, and in the temporary silence which ensued, a faint moaning sound was heard at the same moment by himself and Mark. The hair of the latter bristled up with horror. " Great Heaven !" he cried, "What is that ? " Tom, more accustomed te such surprises, had at once recognised the sound. " That" said he, in a solemn voice, " is the dying howl of a dog, and — " turning round to the shaft near which they were standing, " he's buried here in these here headings." " Oh ! this is too horrible," exclaimed Mark, — " D'ye think its Job's ? " " It's pretty nigh certain as it ain't no other," re- plied Tom. " And Job ?" asked Mark, with a shudder. " Poor fellow ! He ain't far off you may depend," declared Tom, in a half choked voice. Aided by the sound which was once again faintly heard, they were not long in discovering the spot where tlie dog had been buried, and whence, owing to the loose character of earth with which it had been covered, the animal had managed to dislodge a good portion in its feeble efforts to extricate itself. The murderers, fancying the beast to be dead, had not covered it up very deeply ; and with very little trouble it was extricated. It had been stabbed in several places, and when laid on the ground appeared to be so near tlie point of death, that Mark thought it a pity to disturb the poor brute. Tom, however, differed from his mate. "Whilst there's life there's hope," he declared, " and as long as there's a sign of life in him, we'll try and keep it in his carcase. Who knows but we may bring him round so as to hunt down his master's murderers." And Tom made the dog a bed on his coat, poured a little water down its throat, and chewing up a bit of bread and meat tried to induce the dog to eat it. Whilst thus occupied about the dog, Tom had gone down on one knee, the better to attend to him. When he rose to his feet, Mark suddenly turned pale, and with a look of horror on his face, pointed to big mate's trousers. One look at his knee told him what it was that had so horrified his companion. It was crimsoned with blood. He regarded it with horror more than surprise, and with a doleful shake of the head replied to the mute appeal " Yes, mate, I see it ; but I've been expecting something of the kind for the last quarter of an hour — since I left the tracks over yonder." "You expected this, and yet you took it so coolly," said Mark. "Yes, mate," answered Tom, " I knew as all this earth wasn't wanted for nothing, this here thing has been made up for many a day, and everything has been in readiness for it, when the chance came. I can see it as clear as day. Poor Job!" "Even I begin to think there's no hope of finding him alive," Mark declared. "Alive! Look at that poor beast. Do you think they'd have been at the trouble of burying him, if they didn't want to hide something worser nor that." " It isn't likely that they would have killed the dog first," observed Mark. "He's been killed, in defence of his master," re- turned Tom. "But this discovery of the dog has put me up to what they have done with Job. My word, but we have wide-awake coves to deal with." And then he explained to Mark that knowing that the search for the missing man would be carried, on down the shafts, the murderers had concealed the body by burying it amongst the headings. In proof of his being right he pointed to the large number of shafts from which the headings had been taken, and that so large a quantity would not have been required merely to cover over the tell-tale blood stains on the ground. "And now," said Tom, after this explanation, " we'll give the poor brute another sup of water, and then we'll look for the likeliest spot for Job to be hid in. It 'll take a tidy lot of headings to cover poor Job ; for he wasn't a chicken, he wasn't, poor feller!" Again kneeling down to give the dog a drink, he found this time that he could open the animal's mouth more easily, and that the poor brute even made efforts to swallow the liquid. "Hallo !" cried he " whats this ?" and he drew from the dog's mouth, where it had been caught in his teeth, a piece of a flannel cinglet, being evidently the end portion of one of the arms, where it liad been hemmed. "Here, Mark," said he " shove that away, in your pocket-book. Some day that 'll come in useful." They now looked round them, and it was not long before they remarked one shaft with a more than usually large quantity of headings on one particular side of it ; and Tom pointed out that it was in the centre of those from which earth had been taken. "There's where it is," whispered Tom, in subdued tones, "they've give the poor fellow his finisher some wheres here about, and they've took and covered him up in them there headings." " Oh !" groaned Mark, " I hardly feel as if I had strength and courage to face what I know is coming — especially as I fear that poor Job has been killed in my quarrel." "That ought to stir you up to keep on, and to hunt down them as have done this cowardly act. Come, Mark, be a man;" and, so saying, Tom strode over to the shaft, which was only some dozen paces distant. Tom looked down the shaft. "See," said he, "it ain't more nor five feet deep ; this big heap never came out of there." He was right. A few minutes' work with the shovel, at the spot he had indicated, unearthed the body of his old mate, Job. Two fearful stabs in the breast, both of which must have pierced the heart, fully explained how the miner had been murdered, — for either of them was sufficient to cause instant death. Mark leant upon his shovel, half fainting as he looked at the horrible sight; whilst Tom, in a voice half choked, though he tried to make it firm, murmured out, "If they'd only have given him fair play ! If they'd only have given him a show for it, I wouldn't have so much minded ; but - " Here he broke down, and sobbed like a child over the body. 