CHIDIOCK TICHBOURNE. (From Disraeli's Curiosities, of Literature.) Chidiock Tichbourne is a name which appears in the conspiracy of Anthony Babington against Eliza beth ; and the history of this accom plished young man may enter into the romance of real life. Having discovered two interesting domestic documents relative to him, I am de sirous of preserving a name and a character which have such claims on our sympather. There is an interesting historical novel, entitled The Jesuit, whose story is founded on this conspiracy ; remarkable for being the produc tion of a lady, without, if I recollect rightly a single adventure of love. Of the fourteen characters implicated in this conspiracy, few were of the stamp of men ordinarily engaged in dark assassinations. Hume has told the story with his usual grace ; the fuller narrative may be found in Camden ; but the tale may yet re ceive from the character of Chidiock Tichbourne, a more interesting close. Some youths, worthy of ranking with the heroes, rather than with the traitors of England, had been prac tised on by the subtility of Ballard, a disguised Jesuit of great intre pidity and talents, who Camden calls, a silken priest in a soldier's habit; for this versatile intriguer changed into all shapes, and took up all names; yet with all the arts of a political Jesuit, he found him self entrapped in the nets of that more crafty one, the great Walsing ham. Ballard had opened himself to Babington, a Catholic; a youth of large fortune, the graces of whose person were only inferior to those of his mind. In his travels, his generous temper had been touched by some confidential friends of the Scottish Mary ; and the youth, sus- ceptible of ambition, had been recommended to that Queen; and an intercourse of letters took place, which seemed as deeply tinctured with love as with loyalty. The intimates of Babington were youths of congenial tempers and studies : and in their exalted imaginations they could only view in the im prisoned Mary of Scotland a Sover eign, a saint, and a woman. But friendship, the most tender, if not the most sublime ever recorded, prevailed among this band of self devoted victims; and the Damon and Pythias of antiquity were here outnumbered. One of these gencrosi adolescentuli, youths of generous blood, was Chidiock Tichbourne, of Southamp ton, the more intimate friend of Babington. He had refused to con nect himself with the assassination of Elizabeth, but his reluctant con sent was inferred from his silence. His address to the populace breathes all the carelessness of life, in one who knew all its value. Proud of his ancient descent from a family which had existed before the Con quest till now without a stain, he paints the thoughtless happiness of his days with his beloved friend, when any object rather than matters of State engaged their pursuits; the hours of misery were only first known the day he entered into the conspiracy. How feelingly he passes into the domestic scene, amidst his wife, his child, and his sisters ! and even his servants ! Well might he j cry, more in tenderness than in re- ; proach, "Friendship has brought me to this !" Countrymen, and my dear friends, you expect I should speak some thing ; I am a bad orator, and my text is worse. It were in vain to enter into the discourse of the whole matter for which I am brought hither, for that it hath been revealed heretofore ; let me be a warning to all young gentleman, especially generosis adolescentulis. I had a friend, and a dear friend, of whom I made no small account, whose friendship hath brought me to this ; he told tme the whole matter, I cannot deny, as they had laid it down to be done; but I always thought it impious, and denied to be if a dealer in it ; but the regard of my friend caused me to be a man in whom the old proverb verified; I was silent, and so consented. Before the thing chanced, we lived together in most flourishing estate ; of whom went report in the Strand, Fleet street, and elsewhere about London, but of Babington and Titchbourne ? No threshold was of force to brave our entry. Thus we lived, and wanted nothing we could wish for ; and God knows what less in my head than matters of State. Now give me leave to declare the miseries I sustained after I was acquainted with the action, wherein I may justly compare my estate to that of Adam's, who could not abstain one thing forbidden, to enjoy all other things the world could afford ; the terror of conscience awaited me. After I considered the dangers whereinto I was fallen, I went to Sir John Peters, in Essex, and ap pointed my horses should meet me at London, intending to go down into the country. I came to Lon don, and then heard that all was be trayed ; whereupon, like Adam, we fled into the wood to hide ourselves. My dear countrymen, my sorrows may be your joy, yet mix your smiles with tears, and pity my case ; I am descended from a house, from two hundred years before the Con quest, never stained till this my misfortune. I have a wife and one child; my wife Agnes, my dear wife, and there's my grief — and six sisters left in my hand — my poor servants, I know, their master being taken, were dispersed ; for all which I do most heartily grieve. I expected some favour, tho' I deserved nothing less, that the remainder of my years years might in some sort have recompensed my former guilt ; which seeing I have missed, let me now meditate on the joys I hope to j enjoy. Titchbourne had addressed a letter to his dear wife Agnes, the night before he suffered, which I dis | covered among the Harleian MSS. ! It overflows with the most natural feeling, and contains some touches of expression, all sweetness and tenderness, which marks the Shake sperian æra. The same MS. has also preserved a more precious gem, in a small poem, composed at the same time, which indicates his genius, fertile in imagery, and fraught with the melancholy philo sophy of a fine and wounded spirit. The unhappy close of the life of such a noble youth, with all the prodi gality of his feelings, and the culti vation ,of his intellect, may still ex cite that sympathy in the generosis adolescentulis , which Chidiock Titch bourne would have felt for them ! A letter written by Chidiock Tiche burn, the night before he suffered death, unto his wife, dated of anno 1586. To the most loving wife alive, I commend me vnto her, and desire God to blesse her with all happiness pray for her dead husband, and be of good comforte, for I hope in Jesus Christ this morning to see the face of my Maker and Redeemer in the most joyful throne of His glorious kingdome. Commend me to all my friends, and desire them to pray for me, and in all charitie to pardon me, if I have offended them. Commend me to my six sisters poore desolate soules, aduise them to serue God, for without him no goodness is to be expected ; were it possible my little sister Babb ; the darlinge of my race might be bred by her, God would rewarde her; but I do her wrong I confesse, that hath by my desolate negligence too little for her herselfe, to add a further charge unto her. Deere wife forgive me, that have by these means so much impoverished her fortunes ; patience and pardon good wife I crave — make of these our necessities a vertue, aud lay no further burthen on my neck than hath alreadie been There be certain debts that I owe, and because I know not the order of the lawe, piteous it hath taken from me all, forfeited by my course of offence to her Majestie, I cannot advise thee to benefit me herein, but if there fall out where withal!, let them be discharged for God's sake. I will not that you trouble yourselfe with the perfor mance of these matters, my own heart, but make it known to my uncles, and desire them, for the honour of God and the ease of my soule, to take care of them as they may, and especially care of my sisters bringing up the burden there is now laide on them. Now, Sweet cheek, what is left to bestow on thee, a small joynture, a small recom pense for thy deservinge, these legacies followinge to be thine owne. God of his infinite good ness give thee grace alwaies to re main His true and faithfull servant, that through the merits of His bitter and blessed passion thou maist be come in good time of His kingdom with the blessed women in heaven. May the Holy Ghost comfort thee with all necessaries for the wealth of thy soul in the world to come, where until it shall please Almighty God I meete thee, farewell lovinge wife, farewell the dearest to me on all the earth, farewell ! By the hand from the heart of thy most faithful louing husband, CHIDEOCK TiCHEBURN. 