THE TEMPERANCE FETE. The United Temperance Societies held their first annual fete In foe Agricultural Society's Show Grounds, at Lake Wendooree. The pro cession, which waa formed about ten o'clock in front of the Alfred Hall, wu composed of a large body of offloen end members of foe adult Bechebites and the Bona of Temperance, ail wear1 ing regalia. Tbe handsome banner of foe Order waa aiepiayea re ran -new, ana tne Dross band ot the 3rd B.V.B. played in uniform. Mr Richard Baker marshalled the procession, which passed through Peel and Bridge etreete, and reached foe centre of Start street whilst the bells were ring- leg a merry peal. The thousands of spectators Humbled near the fountain and foe Town Hell hide good view of the -procession, which then made ita way down Diummond street to foe grounds. Ths show yards hid been well fitted up for the day's amusements, wader the superinten dence of Mr Bice, foe manager. A number of imtU flags were flying at intervals all round foe walls, end lsrger ones flattered aloft in the breeze. On the left hand of the entrance a band of Christy's Mi nitre Is performed to good " homes" (in foe shed usually appropriated to foe show of win ee and dairy produce). The fist on the left-hand corner of the yards — where pet poodles andehsggy terriers yelp their Indignation at being deprived ot their liberty for the day — wu railed off, and made a very respectable croquet ground, a number of ladies ana gentlemen engiglag in foil fashionable game. The brass bond played in a fenced arena la the centre ot foe encloBaro, and swings, ronnd- abante, twin ghosts, and other means' of amuse ment for the youngi tera were to he found In all tiie odd corners. On the right of tiie entrance waa the den of the lion Wallace, who waa ex- hibited with foe dogs Boats wtln and Flora, the trio occupying the aame cage, and the lion peace fully licked or petted tbe dogs at command of hb keeper. Near fay woe a spade toped off fsr archery, and under one of the sheds was the fancy fair. BIr Word, the caterer, occupied another shed, and set a good example to caterers by earring a goad dinner at a shilling a head. A water- cart perambnlated the gronnd, and glasses of foe liquid element were furnished to all folraty bouIb free of chargs. Quoits and one - or two other games were played within this enclosure but the run ning and walking events came off in foe next paddock, where foe horses are ueaally exhibited, and whioh was very well adapted lor it. Between 1600 and 2000 adults and children were present, and if tbe committee clear their expenses, but a vary small margin of profit will remain. The managers and stewards appeared to be working hard to mike foe affair a sncaess. 