THE ANNIVERSARY OF THE COLONY. Wednesday, December 28, the 31th anni- <*> versary of the foundation of the colony, was observed as a close holiday in Adelaide, and as a close holiday it will be remembered, for the weather was very sultry. This, combined-with a strong wind which raised clouds of dcst, made the day anything bat favorable for the pars ait of pleasure. Throughout the sky was overcast, and rain threatened. Several slight showers did, indeed, fall, deterring many from spending the holiday as they had intended. In the morning the principal streets presented an ani mated appearance, being thronged with plea sure-seekers. They were most numerous in King William-street at the part where the omnibuses start for the Bay, which was, as is always the case on the 28th, the chief attrac tion, that being the place where the colony was declared a depandeacy of the British Crown. But the coaohes did not fill so rapidly as on previous occasions when the weather has been more auspicious. In the afternoon the streets wera almost deserted; towards evening, however, they^rere again alive with the returning holiday- makers, the majority of whom were, at least as regarded appearance, the worse for their day's recreation ; bat what did that matter, pro- Tided they had enjoyed themselves? and pro bably they had, for it is impossible to define what constitutes pleasure. The event Beit in importance to the Glenelg sports was the de monstration in connection with the South Aus tralian Benefit Society, which took place at the Exhibition Building and grounds. Excursion trips were made by tha Eleanor and Young Australian from Fort Adelaide to Glenelg; and there were a ketch race and some sports at the Semaphore. In addition to these, a cricket match took place on the North Park Lands be tween the South Australian and Gatrlcr Prince Alfred Clubs; and tbere were numerous pri vate picnics to picturesque spots in the lulls and to suitable places at the saaside. "We ap pend particulars of the more important amuse ments, commencing with GLENELG. Tha grand rush of all on this great national holiday was, as usual, to the Bay, it being doubtless thought a fitting thing that the greatest honor should be paid to the spat where the pilgrim fathers landed 34 years ago, niid where that bluff and jolly Nile veteran, Capt. Hindmarsh, proclaimed Sonth Australia another province of that mighty empire upon which the sun never sets. It is commonly held to bo almost a csrtainty that tho 23 th De cember will prove one of tho most unpleasant days in the ye it, and probably the recollections of the colony's 21st birthday has done much to foster this belief. It speaks well for the respect South Australians cherish for their national festival that they will bravo tho very worst weather to do it honor. Commemora tion Day is expected to comraeucn with a hot wind, and finish with a thunderstorm, "the dost having covered all things with its dingy pall from morn till eve. This programme was but slightly varied on Wednesday. The Bky waj overcast, aod a few dropa of rain fell in the morning. There was a driving north, wind, not blazing hot, but very disagreeably warm. From Adelaide to tilenelg the busses, crowded inside and out, passfid through almost continuous clouds of dust thar, driven by the wind, blinded tb.6 passengers. and penetrated their thin summer clothing till they were thoroughly gritty and uncomfortat'e. At the beach, itself it was worse, for, in addi tion to the ordinary dust, the wind carried the ■and with great violence and stinging effect into the eyes and faces of the holid&v-makerc.; At times it was impossible to see t'be spors that were going oa, the dnst enveloping i vciy thing, and even hanging in clouds far away over the briny. After all were safely a.t tbeir homes the rain came down heavily, accom panied by thunder and lightning. Tne excur sionist* trooped down as though the weather was of the brightest and balmiest description. Many came from considerable distances in tVo country, especially ftom the southward. During the forenoon there seemed to be ouo constant procession of vehicles of almost cvr.rr known kind, stretching from town to Holdfast Bay, and fresh arrivals of parched and grimy etizens continued to make their appcaiar.es till about 3 o'clock. The steamers Kleaaoraad South Australian from the Port, croxded with pasoengers, drew op on tho windward siue of the pier abeut half-pan 2 o'clock. The sea was rough, and the passengers did noi lojk as though their trip had been enjoyment un alloyed. By this time the nnmoers present were at their height Tne jetty was .iessely thronged; the Ker Hotel and numeious booths roll everywhere, and tboniands were strolling, riding, .driving, or lounging About the. sands. The publioaa? and teetotal tents and refreshment stands were largely patronised throughout the day, and - there -was a great - amount of social : and family picnioing. . The regular programme of sports is an mportant feature, but not _an .essen tial part of the; celebration. ' There is generally considerable obscurity about Glenelg diveriioni. The raoes being on a straight course, the event is over almost as soon as the spectator has a fair view of the contesting horses. Then the crowding and the persistency wiwi whicn, people will push on to tie running ground makes it exceedingly hard to get a view of the struggle. With the aquatic sports the^difnculty' is greater, as the jetty is crammed, and every body cannot stand at the side-railings. "The greatest disappointment befalls those who attempt to see both the land and marine amusements; the result of their efforts will infallibly be to see neither. A great variety of tastes are gratified on these occasions,'however. The enthusiastic yachtsman can devote him self to the boat races, whioh are often well -worth watching; the horsey man may get a view of the running by dint of patience and perseverance, and if mounted will nave no trouble in seeing the finish. Those disinclined to great exertion saunter along tue.«hore, or seek as shady a retreat as can be obtained, con tent to gain their knowledge of tide boating, jockeying, and athletics from the <columns of the daily press. At noon a detachment of the Adelaide Artillery under lieutenant-Colonel Mathew? fired a salute of 21 guns,. and soon afterwards the sports, which we now give in detail, were begun. The aquatic amusements were under the superintendenca .of Mr. A. Martin, and Mr. M. Conner managed the sports on the beach. '■' ■■ SEMAPHORE BEACH. THE KETCH BACK. If anything; oould be desired to show indis putably there are some nautical spirits in our midst it was the enthusiasm displayed over the ketch race, a matter which has been for many months thought of, talked of, and there is every reason to believe dreamt of by some of' the competitors. The ketches, be it understood, are of foreign build, imported byfcpirited. men from Tasmania, to fill a want long felt of a trading craft suitable to make light voyages -wit'i safety and celerity. They have at various times been added to the intercolonial -fleet until the number reached half-a-dozen, and as each accession was made her master was pre pared to swear by thu craft as superior to all that came before. Tlis state of affairs lasted for a long period, and much beer was discussed in arguing the points of sailing as each sup ported his own peculiar view of the case. A Secretary was appointed some time, ago, and the 28th fixed as the day when a proper trial of sailing power* should be made. Not in the river, where shoals and banks rendered it more a matter of chance as to who should come in first, but the Semaphore anchorage was ap pointed-as the very best place possible for the contest. Meanwhile the points of the boats continued to be a matter of earnest discussion. Some were supposed to have too full bows, and others too full sterns; some had not sufficient beam, - while others ' too much centre-board. The owners were liberal in their expenditure upon their craft, and generally positive as to the result;, the winner alone being quiet even to taciturnity, but "actions speak louder than •words," as it proved as the skysail-yarder was distanced by the "Crest." The whole the vessels are fin* well-built craft of about 40 to 50 tons, with immense beam compared with length, and although -very flat in the floor are griped to windward by means of a powerful centre board. The spars they carry are very taunt, and some 'idea of the spread of canvas may be gleaned from the fact that one gafftop sail had in it over one hundred yards. No race for years has created such a fever, and there being no restriction as to numbers carried, this was taken full advantage of, and in some there -were lots of the upper crust of Port society, -who had of course chosen the favorite.' In another the jolly old Harbor-Master distinguished, himself by - taking charge, and in the writer's recollection of 15 or 16 years' boat sailing it was Mb first losing race, and lie aid not by any means lika it, for Mb craft, the Adonis, had a new suit of sails, and altogether looked like a, clipper amonget the fleet. Scattered about amongst them might be observed agents and owners, schoolmasters and publicans, with a -fine sprinkling of clerks and captains, all ready to take a pull at haulyards or sheets, or what was preferable, a good pull at the creature comforts, which seemed to be without stint. Doubtless there have been races between Cam bria and Sappho, Black Maria and American, and other notable yachts- of the old world, .which in a way have attracted attention, but this same race between the Port Adelaide ketches was a popular affair, in which every man, woman, and child in . and about the Port seemed to have some stake, and, in consequence, on •'Wednesday morning scarcely had day broke .before some vehicles made headway for the beach. .It. was. sot a loveable morning, for before jthe snnxose & bank of lurid clouds away over the hills gave j promise of a scorcher; and the wind from about N.E. came dawn in fitful puffs, bringing un pleasant clouds' of dust. - Even; those dis- j agreeables were of no avail in preventing crowds of people from seeking the beach, {and scarcely ten words of conversation passed without some comment on the event of the day. Shortly after 6 o'clock the amnsement? commenced, when one oi two&aving;,anchored on a short scope, drove, sad. were compelled to make. sail to beat up again to position. Then, as the day wore on, the jetty became crowded; the booths on the beach hoisted flag?, and at tention began to centra in the half a dozen com petitors jsEo. were at anchor off the jetty, and soon that.tormentor to all river,sailers (the 'Swallow) appeared,' just as saucy as ever, and presuming on her nailing prowess to poke fun at everybody. On board her might easily be noted the only true yachtsman in the colony, who has laid himself out for the ;noble sport, and pays attention to it when apart from his forensic pursuits. However, it 'is . time to describe the course, which was a distance of about 20 miles, described by a line from the jetty to the light-house, thence to a seaward buoy west from Wonga bank, from there to a buoy south of the T-head, and returning to the pier, but to commence the second round of precisely j the same limits, to win at the jetty end. Very j properly there were but few restrictions, the craft to "start, from own anchors and passing j buoys on the port hand; but shortly before the time appointed the Sailor Prince was found to have sprung a leak, and it was feared would relinquish the cruise. - lake all British sailors, however, Beed was not to be easily; beaten, and finding she only leaked on the starboard tack he slung one of his hands in a bowline and caulked the seam most cleverly, and at the appointed time took up bis position. It was a matter of annoyance that tw mark bueys were not earlier placed, but this was easily got over, and at 11 o'clock the craft were ranged into position -with springs on cables, as follows :— Crest of the Wave, sailed by Mortess ... I Fleetwing, sailed by Bu?sell 2 Dashing Wave, sailed by Korf 0 Adonis, sailed by Qnin 0 Prima Donna, sailed by Simmons 0 Sailor Panes, sailed by Beid ... .... ... 0 Each carried Marryatt 3s numeral as a, distin guishing flag, and it was arranged mainsails, mizens, and staysails were to be set fair before making the signal, " All ready," Aa a nautical picture the tout ensemble was extremely fine, as the precious old " junk" crossed the sterns with ; the words "All ready." The signal flag was lowered, and in one moment the whole fleet canted on tie starboard tack, effecting a mod splendid start, the Fleetwing taking the weather gauge, and setting main gafftopsau to about as much north-easter as she could stand up to. The Crest of the Wave also set the "gafftopsail, and stepped out well towards the bar, close hauled on a reach. The Prima Donna had scarcely set her mainsail, when the throat balyards carried away, and the whole concern came down by the run, giving all others a good chance for a start. Then a little gust of wind made an "Irish reef" in the Dashing Wave's mainsail, and in consequence, she was under the necessity of tieing up a reef at a very early stage of progress. At this time, the whole fleet were scarcely heading for the bar buoy, when the Adonis set a good example, and tacked inshore, so as to work up in smooth water. The others followed suit, and as soon as the Prima Donna_ had repaired damages, she looked as if royal yard jack meant to work up to a position. Eat there was the Crest of the Wave, and the Fleetwing, the Adonis and another on the -weather reach. The Fleetwing stood up to her canvas remarkably well; but the Crest seemed to have most power. Of course, the loss of mMnM-fl, by reefing, almost shut out Dashing Wave; but she very pluckily continued in the wake till the second round, when her hopes vanished, and she followed the example of Prima Donna, leaving the contest to the others, and retiring gracefully to anchor, a course of proceeding not at all in keeping with Sim mons's character, and quite unaccounted for, seeing that on a previous occasion the Prima quietly neadrescned and weathered on the Orest as she chose. Now came the tug of war, as the Fleetwing cleverly made a short board, and rounded the bar-buoy at 12.15, followed at a bare minute interval by Orest of the Wave, with Prima Donna ten minutes astern, and Adonis to follow. As soon as it became a. run staysail haulyards were let go and square sails sub stituted, while the muen gaff topsails were very smartly, set. With the wind aft the Fleetwing and Crest kept equi-distant to the mid buoy, and there was not the least per ceptible difference in distance. The Sailor Prince was rather crippled, by the loss of the bowsprit, and Adonis seemed to lose heart as the two leaders of the van increased the space between them. After passing the second buoy the course was about S.E., consequently it, brought the wind more abeam, and instantly the Ores'; overhauled the Fleetwing. For a few moments the increase in speed -was scarcely perceptible, but she gradually drew en her until the bowsprit covered the taffraii, then headed a little further, when Fleetwing took is hnr mizengafftopsail, and spurted again, aa (?• was freed from an over press of sail. It I> t-id but a very short time, for the Orest certainly overhauled and finally .passed the gallantFleetwing. .Here .also was a Tory close contest between the' Adonis and Sailor Prince, the latter of which head-reached at times on the Harbor Master, and finally took the lead; but while very amusing to note the second patt of the fray, that portion be tween the leaders was of most importance, and at 10 minutes past 1 the Crest made a short tack in shore, and coiapletsd the first round at 1110, and so well had she behaved in working to 'windward that four minutes elapsed before the fleetwing rounded, find filled away on the star board tack for the second race to the Idght honse. It was good fun to observe the struggles of third, fourth, fifth, and sixth boats, as they hoped against hope. lake Mr. Micawber, they waited for something to torn up, but not a mast would carry away or a shroud part to allow them the ghost of a chance, and thenoeforirard the whole affair lay in a nutshell as far as com petition went, tor Crest having secured the lead, kept it most beautifully, and finally came id at 2.29, allowing Fleetwing to follow eightminutes after. During the race there was just as much wind ai whole sails could be set to, and at times it was necessary to shake up a little in the squalls, while others managed to carry the topsails till a late point of theraoe, when the breeze increased, and brought along clouds of sand and dust, which entirely destroyed the enjoyment of the spectators, who, as soon as the race was over, wended their way towards the Fort. The whole affair was most successful, though the most knowing old salt in the Port would never have backed the Orest to win, Mr. Baker . to take bis spectacles off, and he would show him about standing back. Mr. Baker removed his glasses, and Williams struck at him with his whip, ' Baker, countering although the tact of the master was something inner favor; but it did notfeeem~«n exhibition of very good judgment to poke the bowsprit through the mizen of somebody else just to finish the day's work, but even this little contretemps was unavoidable, and the day passed away without aught farther to mar the success of the Ketch Baee. ■ '■ '■ ■ ■ SPeBTS ON SHE BEACH. In addition to the kefcoh race attempts were made to amuse the public in the shape of a .number of races, &c.;, got np by, one or two enterprising publicans of the Peninsula. Their energy certainly deserved more saooesa than was I realised,' but the interest manifested in the majority of these sports by the generality of I those on the beach was-to say the least of it problematical. - There were several booths on the beach which were greatly patronised by thirsty souls. The following is a list of the sports so far as we could-ascertain: — Horse Bace, open to all hones within five miles of the Semaphore. Catch weights. Mile heats. Prize, saddle and bridle, value £5 5). Three entries. Won by Mr. E. Keed'a Dick. Jumping in Sacks. —First prize, 155.; second do., ss. five started. Horn came in first, and Matson second, • •A nondescript game designated trader the heading of " Bobbing for buns and treacle" fol lowed, and. we should think amused the specta tors more than the competitors. Horse Bace. —For silver-mounted whip and spurs. Half-mile heats. Three entries. "Won by Mr. B. Beed's Polly. .« 