TURF GOSSIP. BY PiATBOY Monday morning being the best time for viewing the horses in training. I paid my Weekly vif-ifc to Flemington. I was rather disappointed than otherwise, for I expected to tee some fast gallopiug three weeks before the Spring Meeting, bat with a few excep tions there was little else than the usual pottering work, with a spirt or so at the finish. Touting has become such a common busi ness, and somewhat low, now that the dailies have taken to enlightening their readers as to twice rounds, breathers, sweats, scrapes, sports, clippers, rattlers, crackers, rumuns, and other horsey terms used by trainers and jockeys, that it is almost superfluous for a sporting weekly to go over the same ground, if it were not that some of its country readers might wish to see how their fancies are getting on, and what chance there is of a cheque making its appearance on settling day. It is, however, difficult to discover what infor mation can be gleaned out of column after column of " mornings at Flemington." It helps to fill the paper certainly, and the specu lative tendencies of the age, fired by the sudden outbreak of fortune at old Bendigo, muBt also be kept alive by promulgating the doings of the cup candidates on whom so many thousands are at stake. Those that do the training-ground in the morning have all the best of it, for early to bed ana early to rise is the way to be-pick up worms; as for picking up the winner of the Melbourne Gup yon may as well try to find a needle in a haystack. I rather like the busi ness myself, for I love a racehorse, and I so enjoy hearing all the horsey jargon and rubbish of a lot of visitors, Jews and Gentiles, who put in an appearance at these morning I performances, fancying themselves judges. I heard more about the winner of the Mel bourne Cup last Monday morning as the | Post-office clock struck 4, when [ was cooling my coppers with some hot coffee at the stall drawn up at the corner of Elizabeth and Bourke streets waiting for a cab, than I did at Flemington. The man of coffee told me as a grq^t secret that Mr. John Kerr's filly, Sunshine, would win the Cup. I thonght it was a pity to enlighten him, and left him happy in his tip. When I got to the course Morrison was leading back his two youngsters, Omega and Sunshine^ from having a slow canter on the training course, and Saladin, the pet of Bacchus Harsh, did about five miles over the samegtonnd, finishing up with Fieetwing, an Ace of Club's three-year-old filly in Dan Robinson's 'stable, at a good pace, the old one having the best of it. Aurora went well on the tan, and Farmer's Daughter and Blondin did their usual faBt spin of a twice rounder on the conrse, both going uncommonly well. Albany, looking stout and very fresh, had also a long breather. .These three hofsSa" of Morrison's will be all there for jacking np crumbs this season. The Cup favourite, Pyrrhus, the coming Detective, and the handsome Titania went into the course proper, where they did a half-speed three times round the hurdles, coming home the last quarter of a mile like racehorses. Titania is coming on fast, and will ton a good.filly in the Derby. The Pear), by himself, followed suit in a similar fashion, his style of going <juite taking the fancy, of a lately- imported jockey who was looking on, sitting on a rail close by. " He will be very near for the Cup, sir," said he; " he goes more like a winner than their other horse they seem to fancy." J. L. was an absentee, and I was informed that Dr. Ashworth had treated him td a few drachms of aloes, which kept him within doors. Mr. Filgate now sent Mr. Peaison's 1,000 to 100 DerbyfiUy Contessa withWildbriara very mode rate snail's gallop; and then Retort, looking better than she did last week, want ditto by j herself the beautiful daughter of Mari byrnongand Juliet joining in the last round, and shaping like a* good one." Waldock's | three, Lord of Lynne, with Bios Gown, and I then Phyllis, were next set a-going round the training-ground, his lordship galloping very handsomely, and likes racehorse. The pace, however, was nothing, and I should like to ! see him go faster and farther, before thinking modi about him as a Cop winner. I did not like either of the youngsters; they are too backward for the Spring Meeting. Valentine, the; third in last year's Cnp, went a . good breather twice round, and finished his last mile in.a free determined manner, fie is looking very pink, and will have something to . say again to the front hones in the race. For mosa, Mr. Bowler's grey Derby filly, looking rather stout, but a fine grown animal, was the next to show off. She was only sent along at half speed, finishing nik however, at a better pace, but I 'saw nothing like a ghost to frighten Hamlet Irish King, another of the Derby opposition to the Prince of Denmark, followed. He looks as Mont as ever, and he will wanta deal more fast work than he is getting before he can ever smell the blue ribbon. King Tom and Kate D&lrymple; had a fast spin for about two miles, Kate coining right away from Mr. Saqni'B black Rand wick purchase. The matahmade between him and Reoord, to oome off "to <lay at Croxton-p&rk;, doesmotiook M good thing. Arutna, the first 3It Hawkesbury, and about the last at Rand rick, took aconpleofroundsin rather a short style. I am fcfnwlaha.has.left her season's racing at the Curryiong .Mountains. Pantnnre, daily improving, Warrior, never looking so ireU, ana Misty Mom tlid a fine gallop of about three miles, finishing in a most deter mined' Btyle. ' . Tbe yo(uit( 4ne is not to: be despbed,!as he liM<lnmsBlf do*n like a race Uona, and saw it oat with iWatrior to the end. , the jooe being toomuah forllisty. Both will rpn well, and why .Wanioib should: be ' at Ii000.to40w*s'rep$atydlya«ked, % question that Iconld not satisfactorily answer-myself. . bang-no# ent6red the«MU»e with five of his string,, himself Pn Glencoe,- the others b6ing , FlyingDutchman. Foata.Ydu'il Do, ud the. .Fishliftpjc filly./Thef;,w^Jmtoediatett' put into a canter to the Far Aide pf the coarse, When tiley started, offinto a good wholesome 1 gallon the two-year-old filly pulling tip the first wnfidi1 and Yonll . Do and Dutchman at the end of the wcpfol* tnile, Glenoty going l|k£ a tiger,'arid FoAmfinlahing the iMt nilW, in good jtyle^: I|iev^iikedJine olahor»e«o well as I do this season. > He hasmiite newedhisyonth. ahd'Vayimport^ juvenild, ? still rittlbg oh ibe *ail,;began to waverib his ctoMfobt of MaJ^&heto.; sold at Mr. Hunter's( 'skle.. He had bat a mUe spin, and IWas'nttt1 ^eboeaeM^d #ith either his look or style of going.' HeisimalPiindnaiTow, ahd'MlTt? g^ianAjple tmtof*o grahd a«nare M*th§: iJf WSlmbfck. T lewraed that totofehad! y^ngilgedy at11 the ;Piineb ^bfe* ilngt«»,; for thb UteMr. HoB&t;?i» hotsS,9 abd W&they; Would shortly leave thej^siglj . ti> re&Ive; th^ lMt lNi^h oti tho tMb&ig; . The ttdighfe for the Flemington'HohtClub handicaps made their appearance on Monday evening. Tbere bos been little business done on tbem as yet. Warrawing was at once spotted -as a good thing for the Hurdle Race, after ber running last Saturday, with 121b. less at Flemington, more especially as the Crozton park course is half a mile shorter, ber more formidable opponents. Lady Don And Sportemao, having both also 81b.,jnore to carry. The Bard and Canary are considered well-in for tbe Steeplechase, bat whether they" will go for this or the Hunt Cap, for which they also look well, deponent knovreth not The weights for the latter race are more to the purpose, commencing at 12st, 71b., and going. down a couple of stone; but there are some strange inconsistencies in them, such as Prince Arthur list. 121b., and Walkover lOst. 101b. Neither performed at Flemington, and Mr. Barnard now makes ont the former to be an eight pound better horse. The Cheroot Race Is quite an open affair, and I doubt if any of the nags entered can go fast enough with the welters on their backs to blow out the cigars they have to keep alight daring the journey. It is to be hoped that the clerk oc the weather will take a little more compassion on the Flemington hunters, than he did last Saturday on the Melbourne gentlemen. Should he be in a good humour, we may expect a very merry little meeting at Croxton-park.^ By the Macedon, Mr. Winch, bringing with him his horses Little Dick and The Baron, arrived last Monday morning from Sydney. Bylong was also a passenger by the same vessel. They were fortunate in having a smooth passage. Mr. Winch s horses were taken to the Pastoral Hotel-the stables at his old quarters, the Laurel, being otherwise occupied, Mr. Ivory's chesnut found accom modation at. the Racecourse Hotel. Barbelle, who it seems has not been on a visit to Maribyrnong after all, will be_ sent the beginning of the week, and there is some pro bability of Lottery ana The Prophet putting in an appearance at the same time. The brood mare Nutcut, by Pitsford, dam of Aland others, died foaling last week at Maribyrnong. She was ill for nearly 10 days before her death, and it was discovered that the foal was a very large one, being a colt to Yattendon. A fifte yearling filly by her from the came horse is amongst the number of Mr. Petty's youngsters that will be sold at the Maribyrnong sale next January. A meeting of the members of the Victoria Snbsciiption-room was convened last Monday. At last a sufficient number attended, and the yearly business was got through. The accounts were passed, showing a loss of some £35 to the lessee of the roonr. The committee for the ensuing year was balloted for. when Messrs M'Millan, Kerr, Sayer, Lethbridge, Cox, EL Power, and Strettle were elected. Members are informed that their yearly sub scriptions axe now due, and the sooner they part the more pleased will be the secretary. The newly appointed committee, it is said, has given great dissatisfaction to many of the bookmakers and backers of horses. If so, they have got themselves entirely to blame. If they will not trouble themselves attending the meetings they have no right to find fault. What's everybody's business is nobody's busi ness. In spite of the pooh-poohing and cold water thrown by some of the old fogies in Launces ton, formerly in the management of racing there, on the formation of the new Taunanian i Turf Club it is growing apace. New membero are coming forward daily, and there is little doubt but that 200 at least will subscribe. | The Governor, the Hon. Mr. Dacane, who it seems from his speech attheCampbletonShow takes a great interest in the new institution, has consented to become its patron, and the Hon. J. Archer has been elected vice president Now. that there has been fresh blood infused into the management of sporting affairs in tbe tight little island, we may expect that a liberal and tempting pro gramme will shortly appear for the annual champion gathering at Launceston. From tbe number of horses now in training in this colony, and the many visitors from New South Wales who are here for the Spring meeting; the Tasmanians are certain to receive a hearty response from this aide of the straits. Tuesday next, the 24th inst, will be a busy day at Mr. Bagot's office, and owners of horses must not forget that it is the general enter day for the V.R.C. Spring Meeting, the hftndWpa for which are to be published on or before the Tuesday following. On the same day, nominations have to be made for the Bendigo Handicaps, Sandhurst Cap, and Hurdle Race, to be mn at the Bendigo Jockey Club Spring Meeting, 22nd and 23rd of No vember, either to Mr. Bagot, or the secretary, Mr. W. P. Neal Freemasons' Hotel, Sand , burst. The weights are not to be made until I fcfter tbe V.R.C. races. Owners of horses are also reminded that on Tuesday next the 224th inst, nominations are to be made to the Secretary, Royal Hotel, Smythesdale, for the Smythesdale and Gren ville Handicaps, which meeting takes place tbe week after Ballarat, on the 7th and 8th of December. Also the Talbot and Borough frjmriiftftpH, to be run on the 14th December, are to be nominated for, addressed to the Secretary. Commercial Hotel, Talbot The weights for both these races are .not to be made until after the Ballarat mooting. By tbe Avt&more;, trhich came in from London, after a fine passage of 73 days, on Tuesday, the entire horse Tim Whifflerand three yearlAg colts, purchased by the late Mr. Moffatt. arrived. Every care seems to have been wen of the animals oh board, asjchey are all in'good health and condition. Tpey Were landed' safely oh the vessel getting fonpprtflB the WiUiunsbown pier, and were at Jnoe Bent by rail .to tbe stud farm at the f.wigti. By tfcesame vessel, I ath informed, tjw'o magnificent bolls of the shorthorn breed, imported bythe Messrs. Learmon^h,, of Er&ldtmn;, cave also arrived In fine., con dition. '.' ' k . . ". i Since writing thfc above I bada good ldoK at Tim on bis'arrival. He jtoablackhorae, etairtiog 16'UWh. terOT about hlm, except his hbSJ fttloflti- ffls forehand is perfect; « entail intelli^nt head, witha full pojd eye. ana brad .fathefore Sead. -His' heck is nicely vc;hea ihto strong, eep shbulderf, with fine . withers. 1 He is round in bift rib. 'With a jood bats:; square, lengthy quarters,'* little harrow -over I «£etop, hut showlng^reat amtfeuttr develop ment down, to the stifles.' Ufa'arm^, knoes, I »nd hodcii aregood, and he has wh-ylltit bone i|i we carihohs,: measuring ^fiin: >eldw the andhifr leg! look asclBa^«sa kwo-yeaT ild's. Henivesope the idev\ ofa real game Srst-^ate hdrse, andlclnnot do bettt^r lhft'n iuMe from tbe London Svorfiitg ffazetle, its itepMt ol tbelafit AnnusiKoyai AMcolttoal fhdiw1 &. Wolverhampton :-" The horse "afek '-tt "nittal, ' eieftted' mttdh interest, j-wcewt; in a few instances' there *as Ittie to And faalt with the decisions he fudge*. We' thoroughbred sites' Wd luhter ciasftes n^re the chief AtlmiptWii^ as* hatter ofdontse: tad the eiitry for tin. bn^^M m in^aded the *611 i^Sx.: J. Wateoh'e Blink ; lil 'BMwAi'otit Gieetai Mm Mr.! 8b*ro5tf8iSblk W NoHh "libmk'wi hJthg MrJoe«mTattfs Lord Bm> ' Hastings <mt of Oditival, Mr. A. Steward's Protection by L'feboat out of La Taranda. Mr. Moffatt's Laugh ing Stock by Stock well out of Gaiety. Mr W. Davenport's Gin by Orlando out of Iodine, Mr. J. Caeson's Sincerity by Rad Hart out of Integrity by Van Tromp, Mr. A. Beaumont's Stampedo by Alarm out of.Re pentance, Lord Coventry's Umpire by Lecompte ont of Alice Carneal (American), and Lord Coventry's Tim Whiffler by Van Galen out of SybiL All the foregoing are well known on tbe turf, and if gauged by their career as racehorses, our old favourite Tim Whiffler wonld unquestionably have ' borne away tbe belland as the sire of Mid* summer and other winners, he has shown his ability to get horses of size, power, and stamina." Good wine requires no bush. Tim Whiffler speaks for himself, and he needs no puffing answers to imaginary correspondents to blazon forth his good qualities, as bas been lately made use of to puff up another importation. The cbesnut yearling colt by Blair Athol, ont of Pandora, dam of Altnorpe, Hope, &c.;, by Cotherstone, her dam Polydora by Priam, is quite a young gentleman all over with his sire's characteristics-white face and and he only wants to be seen to be appre ciated. The two yearling bay fillies are very highly-bred looking animals and well grown, but the lads who had them in charge could give me no clue as to what they were, further than that they were purchased from Mr. Mat Dawson. The horses are under the care of one of Connt La Grange's grooms and a young lad named Jones,*a jockey in Price's employ, who rode for Mr. Moffat when he was in iSnglfynd, the good and healthy condition the horses have arrived in shows the care bestowed on them during the voyage. The two bolls on board the Aviemore, for the Messrs. Learmonth, are not shorthorns, but are a fine sample of the Hereford breed. The stakes for the various events of the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting were paid over at Mr. Bagot's office on Tuesday. The com mittee were folly prepared for a loss, and were agreeably surprised to find, through Mr. Bagot's good management, a surplus of nearly £70 after paying all expenses. M the club not been BO nnfortonatein having a wet day for the '* annual," there is no doubt but that they would have had a bumper house, and, instead of £70, a couple of hundred at least to their credit. Mr. Stafford, who "did" the refreshment department at the grand stand in his usual excellent style, was a considerable loser owing to the sparse attendance. Not withstanding, it is said, the committee of the the V.R.C. have arranged to place this im portant office in other hands for the ensuing season. It is to be hoped they have taken sufficient security that the catering will be carried out in a satisfactory manner. The Hunt business on Saturday was not a good phe for the bookmakers. They bad all balances on the wrong side. Dolo and Nar« cisse for the double, and these two, with Rover for the treble, were spotted with nearly all of them. "The parting was fu' tender," but was satisfactorily got through on Monday, as is always the case when the ring have to shell out. I heard of no grumbling, and although it was supposed many horses only went outforanuring,tfaeracing8eemed to have given satisfaction. Had Lady Don notkissed mother earth at an unlusky moment, my tip for the double got from the old woman in the ditch wonld most likely have come otf. Maurice Griffin had surely got out the wrong side of his bed that morning; he seemed to-be out of sorts, and rode shocking badly, a thing unusual for him. Business became quite enlivening when the settling was get through. After several f utile attempts in all kind of offers, and a few transactions in South Staffords, at 18s. (verandah business looked down upon by most of the fraternity present), Little Dick was tbe first horse operated upon, his arrival giving universal satisfaction to his backers; and several 100's to 7 and 8 were taken about him. Mermaid had a fall, as after 500 to 25 was repeatedly offered, 1,000 to 40, and then 500 to 15 was forthcoming, without takers; and then Romula rose to the Burface, and she quickly went from 100's to 6 to 500 to 40 taken. Glencoe was next in demand, his morning's work gaining him many friends, and from 100 to 7 he advanced to 100 to 8, taken readily. 500 to.lS was laid against Detective, 200 to 8 against Nimblefbot> and 200 to 4 Lord of Lynne. Piffitor was backed to win £2,500 at 100's to 4, supposed to be for his owner, who was in the room; then 500 to 20 against Hamlet came from many mouths. 600 to 10 was laid against Bylong. 100's to 14 was going a-begging about the favourite, Pyrrhns, but tbtse odds were accepted in the evening, and 1,000 to 80 was taken about Barbelle. 1,000 to 35 was repeatedly offered against Warrior, and 2,5C0 to 100 was booked at the Prince of Wales in .the evening, I believe for his owner. Lottery was backed to win a couple of thousands to 20 at the same place, and another 500 to 35 was got about Glencoe. There was nothing done on Taesday. On Wednesday the only transactions of conse quences wereULOOO to SO taken about Warrior, and 500 to 40 Little Dick. The eventB at the Flemingtcm Hunt Club Meetihg have not yet been operated on. Hamlet is still backed for thd Derby at 150 to 100, and 10 to 1 is offered against any other, Formosa and Irish King being considered next best. Mr. Melhado has opened a book on the Mel bourne Cup and Sydney Gold Cup at 1,000 to 2-3, Pyjrhua and Tim Whiffler, Glencoe and Jav'liiu, Romula and Jav'lin, Praetor and Hamlet, Lapdog and Jav'lin, Little Dick and Jav'lin, The Pearl and Hamlet, being some of the selections already booked. 1,000 to 10 is offered against each of ten of tliQ lajer's"pick in the Cnp, FMDAT EVENING. A good many trgn&actions; of, importance took place to-day. After 400 to 25 bad been . boftked about The Pearl, 1,000 to 60 was taken by a well known follower of tfa* yellow and black. 1.000 to 50 and then 400 to 24 ? was accepted about Warrior. 200 co 8 was taken about the Duke , of Montrosa, 500 to:j 20 Valentine, ana, after six; fifties were booked again stthe favourite, COO to 7p was offered on the field., Glencoe was in good Remand in tbe morning at 10. tol, and them 100 to 9, on the field, oar one, was offered. 2,000 to 120 was laid against Lapdog, aud Romula was becked againBt any other in the Cup 300 to 200 was offered on Hamlet for tbe Derby without any response ; and Formosa ' was backed to win 35 to 5, and afterwards 100 to 12 on the field bar onfe. went a-begging. Woodbine.was back£d>at4<00tO 32. There ) were.few transaction* on theFlemington Hunt Meeting; fl and 7 to one were taken abont: the Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, Be»iei% Boy aqi Warrawins for tfoeformer event, and Canary for the latter, being the only horses, hacked. <,?:/ By tbe Aldinga, from Adelaide, yesterday > evening, Mr. Ryan aniveA with the following hones :-*-Touchlt, thewtil-known Westward horse; Monk,*hecteeplftdaaser; Pickpocket, by Btaatlsii fiiQfaanobltanMr Qhtunfrnaj 8outbAmbailU; ahoKingflhher, bjrSky scraper, do.;,and itofl yaar oldboltaaied TheAoft lqr ^oe of Clubs, All were lmhd , ^sbfelyr ind were taken to tbe Pastoral Hotel, Fltmingto», Mr. fllonii tar's Cap mare, Joa&H;», :%M wmtoheAtodat lor that race^ owing to her having fallen into the water out of the Barwon punt, and injuring herself. The late Mr. Moffatt's horses, Cleolite, Cymba, and Despatch, arrived yesterday momiog from the Leigh, and were taken to the Prince of Wales Hotel, Moonee Ponds. 