"flotsam. "YVab," war is still tho cry, "war oven to tho knifo ! " Poor France without nn ally, or a hopo, what is to become of tlioo ? Is it written on tho Sybilline loaves that thou art to fade iuto a second-rate powor— to bo a nntion by suffer- anco only, and not by the right of puissnpeo und glory? ' RestorediNapoleonism would bo a thing so contomptiblo that it can novor hnvo ontered nny but a Prussian mind to propose it. Bettor dream of the past in nu oasy chair at YVilholms- boo or Chisel hu rst, with a faithful friend or so to chat to across the mahogany, than to faco amiin the perils of despotism founded on plobiscitn— or worse, to be hustled in tho gorgeous palace chambers by the ghosts of tho unlmricd 'slain, of tlio devoted dead who boliovnd in a name ond found it but a mockery. Oh ! how ono chargo nt tho bond of tbo guard might .havo altered matters, not for . victory bat for honour. And now it-La" too late. As it is truly said — — ti OLall. sad .words of tongno or pen. Tho saddest are these : ' It might havo boon ! ' " Among tho Europoan items of intolligonco I rend the following : — " A Bavnrinn soldior at tempted to kill tho King of Prussia. Ho wns shot." Tho latter terse sentonco refers I pro- Bumo to tho mutinous dog of a Bavarian who ventnred to lift a hand ngainst tho hero king, or rather (I humbly bog his purdon) tho horo emperor,. Goldsmith's ology on " tho dog who to gain soino private onds went mad nnd bit a man " wonld suit this rogicidul Bavarian ad mirably, for, as you romenibor doubtloss — " Tho mnn recovered of tho bite, The dog it wns thnt died." Sir-YV. Denison, whoso last gnbornntorial net in Now South YValeB wns nil infringement of constitutional government, in spirit at least if not oxnetly in tho lnttor, has been expatiating in London on tho desirability of a return to tho ancient form of colonisation — of homo control and colonial co-operation. It might bo suggest ed to thnt eminent ongineor that ono of tho_most successful methods of catching birds is pnrsnod by putting salt on thoir tails. The fledged con stitutional Btatos of Australia nre not likely to sqiint quietly down in tho stubblo whilo dilet tanti statesmen of the grand old Tory school .croop craftily towards jthom with salt in ono hand and a cagoin tho other. Tho eloquent Jesuit Father Kelly (of Mel bourne) has boon locturing in Sydney, his sub- . . joct boing, " Sanrsfield, nnd thIvish in Frnflce." It would bo wolljif Foninns would "studanrs- fiold's character, his impetuous but spotless chivalry towards his foes, his intonso but hon ourable lovo for his country nnd his crood. His story, as told by Mncanley, from his gnllantry at Sodgemoor to tho day of Lnnden, whon ho was borno from tho Bold to the pallot from which he novor rose ngain, is a stirring ono, and wonld bo no unfit corapnnion biography to bind np with that of tho good knight- who was without fear and without reproach. ' Tho Into Miss Ironsido, of artist celobrity, hns -found a biographer in Dr. Lnng. Unfortiinntoly tho biography contains _n good deal moro about Dr. Lang — his alms, his patriotism, his intimate acquaintance with great men ovorywhoro, his sorvices for Australia — than about Miss Irou- Bido. Dr. Lnng was alwnys fond of self, "That dnllying luscious thomo, Oo'r which pbilosphers in raptures dream," / but this last instanco of bis egotism absolutely out-Langs Lang. How is it thnt New South YVnlos can't win anything? At cricket, boating, or at the butts it is the samo thing. Victoria always comes off victorious. Tho riflo match dofont wns not a sorious one (1609 to 1623), but still it was n do- feat. Moro practising is wnntod. I may remark, however, thnt one of tho bost shot's on tho Vic torian list (gunner Miles) is a native of Now South YVnlos. O happy Sydnoyitos, tho Ynnkoes are not coming to visit you, nnd Mrs. Dolly Groon is. Yes, " Mrs. Dolly Groon, who has boon so suc cessful in the Soven Agos ofYVomnn, is about, to visit Sydney." Such is an importnnttolographic announcement (not an advertisement) in a metropolitan journal. Verily this is tho day of puffery nnd no mistake. I suppose in fashion able town circles it would bring down the snub direct on the head of that rash ono who would venture to ask, " And who is Mrs. Dolly Ci,iCi'o7i?o'ur"0 ioik nnvo lately boon enjoying a discussion on spiritism, in which divines and philosophers nnd ontsidors havo hnd thoir sav. A correspondent of tho Melbourne Herald attempts to settle tho matter and I certainly think ho has succeeded. Horo is what ho says, or at least n portion of it: — "Tho mophitic tendency of nqnoons spon taneity, and the mnnifold ornctations thnt spring frorcf» tho mellifluous dotonntions of scarified humanity, do, in reality, snrenmb boforo tho genial nobulosity of the sidoroal conflux; thns producing that ethereal combination ofdoloctnblo manipulation by which sinful man is 'rcndored nngntory, nnd tho beclouded intolleot refreshed. Admitting those important facts, wo havo no difficulty in nt otico evolving tho stupendous oblcctntion which awnits tlio nefarions propaga tors of the cerulean theory. Swcdonborg, in his pions treatise on " Protoplastic Corrugations of Adiposo Mendicity," clearly, nnd in ambiguous perspicacity, shows that tho soul is not varicose in its splcnotic wanderings through tho gloom of tho sepulchral dormitory, but rnthor that it yields to tho obsequious gonufloctions of nrch- icologicnl scrntntions, and by a nomadic celerity bursts the bond of tho piscatorial seraphim, and eternises her habitnnce in concrete empiricism ! Wo now come to considor the vascular lucubra tions hy which the Jesuitical fnlminations of de parted spirits havo eradicntod tho rectangular absorption of tho Hogira." I think the above slightly transcondontafpnssago will prove that Kiminashmash (for such is tho writer's non de-pl'ume ) has nddod nt least as much to our knowledgo of tho spirit stato as nny other writer on the subject lias contrivod to do, not OTDii oxcopting D. D. Home. Don't yon think that polico court law is some times " rnthor of tho rathorest ! " I supposo this is a question bordering on tho impertinent, so I won't pause for u reply, but inoroly becauso I have no moro to say. . A YVRECKER. Jnnuary 19, 1871. 