CHAPTER TT.TT CONCLUSION. -There are three sorts of Christmas weather—cold and doll, doll and damp, damp and warm—and they are all disagree able, though probably not equally so. For their own purposes the writers and compilers of Christmas annuals have invented the legend, that on Christmas Eye andDay the snow is either falling, or the sun shining cheerily npon a frozen world; bat this variety of Christmas weather exists only in ; print. ! There has not been a frosty Christmas in ^ England for past years, ana it is perhaps scarcely going too far to say there never will again. Let this be as it may, however, that especial .Christmas Day on which Andrew Hardell decided to go to Westminster Abbey dawned miserably. A heavy yellow mist hung over every object, and whilst he walked wearily and weakly down Parliament-street the ^gas seemed to betaking awayhis breatL The weather was in consonance with the man's thoughts, and certainly did not tend to make them more cheerful. He had taken his passage for South America the day before. He had settled his future thus far, so as to interpose one barrier at least against the arguments he knew George Trelwyn would use to induce him to remain in England. HI though he felt, he tried to believe the sea voyage—the mere fact of everything been settled, of all hope in this world'being'dead, of further struggle being vain—would restore his health, and enable him to begin existence in a new land with something of his old energy; and even if this were not so—if, as the days went by, and the vessel left mile after mile of sea behind, he found his malady increase and his strength decrease—if, in the midst of a waste of waters, the end he was not afraid to contemplate arrived—he would at least be permitted to pass away in silence, making no more, confusion in the lives of those for whose sake he meant to go forth an exile to a strange country, from'which, under any event, he meant to return no more. Had it been possible he would • have avoided that meeting Mr. Trelwyn proposed, but, both as a matter of gratitude and. friendship, it was inevitable; and besides, it might be, some day George would find an opportunity of telling Joy how devotedly she had been loved to the end. Once that interview were over, all for him in England would be likewise. His outfit was ordered—the vessel was to sail ere long —and then farewell to the land which had held so much for him of misery—ay, and of happiness too. Thinking of these things, he walked into the Abbey and down one of the aisles to a seat near the pulpit. Although it still wanted a few minutes to ten o'clock, a large congregation was already assembled ; and as Andrew passed down between the rows of seats, a gentleman touched his companion— a lady—and pointed out his presence to her. " 1b not that Mr. Hardell ?' he whispered, and . Madge—for it was she—looking after Andrew pacing slowly down the aisle, recognised him also. "How frightfully he has changed," she answered, in the same tone ; and it was true. His recent illness had worn him to a skeleton, and the hand with which he supported his head was mere skin and bone.. But the service went on, and still through the dim light Madge could see that weary head resting on that feeble hand while the lessons proper for the day were being read. With an unspeakable pity her heart went out towards the man who had once been so much to her. She sat but a little distance behind, and knowing what die knew—com prehending what an awful secret his life held—understanding vaguely, it is true, but nevertheless to some extent, the misery he must have endured—Madge watched his every movement with a sort of fascinated attention. All through the litany, whenever she raised her eyes they wandered to the figure kneeling so short a distance off; and as she remembered the days when boy and girl they had gone to church together at Langmore, unbidden tears welled up from the springs of memory. " What did the responses mean to him ?" she marvelled; "they had been bat as Greek to both of them once, but sin and sorrow, suffering and death, were no un meaning words, no mere figures of speech to either now." And still the prayers went on, and the Litany was ended, and the congregation, after one prolonged " Amen" from the choir, arose from their knees and resumed their seats—took out their handkerchiefs, coughed, produced smelling-salts, and went, in fact, through the usual performance which obtains during the pauses in Church worship. There was one man, however, who did not rise with the rest, but remained —his head resting on his folded arms—till his next neighbour touched his shoulder. There was no response, however, and then the gentleman, seeming to take alarm, moved him gently, and then whispered for help, saying, " He has hunted." In a moment Herbert Spencer was beside Km, and-with some more assistance they carried him out into the porch, where Madge followed. " He is not dead ?' she said to Herbert in a terrified whisper. "No, dearest—not dead, but- " " He will soon be better now," said a doctor, who had been holding his wrist. " A case of downright exhaustion. Is he a friend of yours, Sir ?" he added, addressing Mr. Spencer. "Ho—of this lady," and he indicated Madge. "I know, however, who he is—the Bev. Mr. Hardell." "Well, the sooner he can be taken home the better. Do you know where he lives ?" "No." "Perhaps by the time a cab is fetched he may be able to tell us and acting on this hint, Herbert hurried off to the stand, and brought back a conveyance. But still Andrew remained unconscious. " Better examine his pockets for an address," ' suggested the doctor,: and suiting the action to%he word, he drew forth a letter—George Trelwyn's letter—which was addressed to the Bev. A- Hardell, 30, Blank-street, Soho. "I think, I ought to go with you," said the doctor, looking very grave when he read the superscription. " It strikes me Blank street is not precisely the place where a man in his, state would be likely to receive proper attention;" and as Mr Spencer thankfully accepted this offer, Andrew was placed in the cab, which drove slowly .back to the wretched lodgings he had selected as suitable to his means. "Dear, dear," said a slatternly woman who admitted them. "I knew how it would be. I told him he was no more fit to be going about to-day and yesterday than a baby an honr old. He has been ill here for weeks, and a nice handful I have had of it; did not know whether he had a friend in the world, and never could tell from one day ,to another whether he would live through it; and now here he is brought back in this state, of a ChriBtmas Day of ali dads, too, when we was just a-going to have a fnend or two; though, to be sure," she added, with an eye to future pecuniary considerations, " one does not mind what one does for him, he is so quiet and so kind a gentleman. He gave our Tommy half-a-crown this morning for a Christmas-box, and the postman the same." " . " Is hequite alone here, then?" enquired Madge, to whom these remarks were prin cipally addressed. " Quite, miss ; and he has not had a soul to see him, and only one letter since he came." " Then until we can send for his wife, I will remain," said Madge decidedly. _ "Is he a friend of yours, miss 2 if I may be so bold.", " I have known him all my life," Madge . answered ; and she followed the woman into the miserable apartment, where he had fought with his trouble and endured his sickness all alone. Meanwhile Mr. Spencer, the doctor, and the cabman had laid Andrew on a sofa, when, some restoratives being applied, he opened his eyes, and enquired feebly where he was. 41 Amongst friends," Mr. Spencer answered; and thus answered, Andrew laid his head down wearily again on the pillows they had placed for him. He will do better now," said the doctor. "I will send in a nurse." "Ho," answered Madge; "I shall stay with him until his wife comes." "Yon?" repeated her cousin, in aston ishment ; "my dear Madge, what are you thinking of ?" "I will tell you, Herbert," she said, drawing him aside. "It is not for any love's sake, for that is dead and buried; but because 1 know how terrible a trouble is behind all this, I must remain till we under stand a little more about it." "I do not qnite comprehend yon," Mr. Spencer replied bewildered. " Love's sake! Yon never cared for Anthony HardelL" "That is not Anthony Hardell—it is Andrew. I should have told yon so before this; but the secret was not . quite mine— or at least I fancied it was not." "Then this is not the man who married Mrs. Challerson?" "Ho; but he is married, and we most find out where his wife lives, and bring her: to him." "What terrible trouble was it you referred to just how ?" asked her cousin. " I. may trust you,, Herbert ?" die answered, after a moment's thought. " He was not innocent, and he married without ever telling his wife anything about that." " I wonder whether they have quarrelled?" 4'If they have, they must be reconciled." "How are we to find out where she lives?" "Yon had better go to Essex Marsh, and see the clergyman there; perhaps he may be able to tell you." Acting upon which advice, Herbert started for Essex Marsh, only to .meet with disappointment, however. Mr. >iDayntree had gone to Horfolk, and was nobexpected back for a fortnight. "We must wait, then," Madge said, when she heard this; "to-morrow, perhaps, he will be stronger, and able to tell me himself." The next day Andrew was stronger, hut Madge did not moot the subject to him, for unexpected help had arrived in the person of George Trelwyn, who had hurried up to London by the early morning express in order to see his friend. "Know?" he said, in answer to Madge's eager enquiries, " of course I know, and I shall start off to Eclih without a moment's delay. I do not want to seem impertinent, but as a matter of curiosity I should like to know your name." "Madge Horsier," she said simply. "Bless my soul!" Mr. Trelwyn exclaimed; and then Madge knew that her past and Andrew's past were both known to him. " I will go," he added, after an instant's pause, "on my sad errand. I wish it were some other than I who had to tell Joy Hardell her husband is dying." " And do you really think so?" she ; enquired. " Sure of it," he answered; " as certain as I am that if he could only die at Eclin, it would he the happiest day of his life." " But the doctor says he has no actual disease." " Ho, bnt he is dying, for all that, of a broken heart." That same night Mr. Trelwyn returned. "I am going to try to move yon to-morrow," he said to Andrew, who, sitting up in an easy-chair, looked, with tired eyes and a faint smile at his Mend as he spoke. " The doctor thinlra you will be bettor in a purer air." " Ah !said the sick man, and there was a little plaintive ring in his voice, " all places are alike to me now." " But you will come, to please me ?" " Yes, anywhere to please youand he asked no question, but dropped back into the reverie which seemed now utterly to absorb him. Next morning Mr. Trelwyn came with a carriage in which the invalid was able to lie almost at full length; but still Andrew aBked no question, or enquired whither they were taking him. The only anxiety he manifested was that Madge should come too. "I am coming," Madge murmured in reply. Yes, she was going to meet the wife who had been so much to Andrew, the while Madge, faithful to an idea, had kept single for his sake. "I know this place," the sick man suddenly exclaimed, as the carriage turned down a well-remembered street leading to the Station, from which he had so often taken train to Eclin; " where are you going to take me ?" "Back to your own home," George Trelwyn answered, " which you ought never to have left. I have seen Mr. Alton, and he will meet us at St. Mark's. I have seen your wife and told her all." " All ?" Andrew repeated interrogatively. "Yes," his friend replied, understanding that the dying "inn meant to ask was she aware of his condition. "She has been very ill herself," Mr. Trelwyn went on; " she wanted sadly to return with me last night, but we thought it better not—her father and L" "Oh, my poor Joy!" exclaimed her husband, and he never spoke after that till they reached St. Mark's. Profound grief is generally silent—the deeper the cut the less it bleeds, and grief was very silent that day at the Hall. From the room where the husband and wife met there came no ciy, no-sob, no scream ; it was all subdued, quiet, peaceful; and when others went in to find them silent, hand clasped in hand, although there were the traceB of tears on Joy's cheeks, still she greeted those who had been the means of bringing them together again with a thankful smile. Soon after their arrival Madge wanted to leave, but this Joy would not permit. "Stay with me," she pleaded; "I hope we shall be dear friends for his sake, and for the sake of your own great kindness to him. But for you I might never have seen him again. My poor/father meant it all for my good, but—but—I do not think any 'man ever correctly understands what a woman's love really is." "To which Madge assented, understanding that Joy was thinking not of the patient and enduring love the -woman she addressed had. pursued through lonely: years, but of that perhaps rarer love that can forgive all wrong, forget all deception, condone all suffering, and remember nothing save the man's .own sorrow and the man's remorse. In the old famiiiai* room he seemed to get a little stronger; looking over the remembered' landscapes^4ris face acquired an expression of peace, to which it had long been a stranger. With dear Mends around from whom there was no longer any confidence withheld, the darkness of the trouble that had shadowed his existence was partially dispelled. Fear was gone, dread had departed, life was drawing to a close ; what though the flame burned at times with sufficient bright ness to cheat the observations of those about him and fill them with false hopes, he knew the end was nigh at hand. ' And did he wish it otherwise? I think not. The peace he felt .could never have ' been his had an idea of going back once again into the world entered his mind. . The old perplexities vexed him no more ; there was no further defence to make, the dead past lay coffined mid buried without the possibility of resurrection so far as he personally was concerned.. The fears that had. distracted him were dispelled—the hopes, the dreams, the aspirations of his life were gone, even as life itself was going, fie should thirst no more for popularity even whilst, dreading that awful ghost, it. was competent he always felt for popularity to raise. He should never fancy men were whispering, "Yes, that is he who stood his trial at Dumfries." . He should never see a shadow of regret on his wife's face about that—all her trouble would he now for him. His whole existence had been one long fever of disappointment, regret, repentance, dread; and now when the fever was past, and his heart thfobbed quietly, should he desire to go through any portion of it again ? Ho ; he was content. For him, as for the lark let loose on Walthamstow Marsh, there could be no more captivity—no restless heating against the bars—no longing for the brightblue sky, and the cool, dewy grass, and the long flight upwards towards the very arch of heaven. It was all peace; it was all—save for the parting with Joy and her boy—happiness. It was like rest after toil—like sleep after labour—like joy after sorrow—like sunshine after rain. He did not suffer much, excepting from extreme weakness; and so the hours stole by, and then the days—and it was the last night , of that old year, which had been so eventful a one to him. They all sat in his room talking—not sorrowfully, but yet quietly, as those often do who know that death may soon be in their midst. "Come near to me, Joy," said her husband, when there was a pause and a silence in the apartment. She was never far distant from him, but at his words she left the window near which she had been standing, and sat down by his side. "Hark!" he said suddenly; and some one who was commencing a sentence stopped in the midst. "They ate Carton bells!" exclaimed George Trelwyn, throwing open the window and leaning out into the night to listen. Yes; through the night came the jubilant ecstacy, the exulting clamour, the pealing changes, greeting the new-comer. Joy bent her head as the glad chimes rang through the stillness, and the tears she could not check fell silently. Then, moved by some unexplained influence, she turned towards her husband. But there was to be no Hew Year for him. He was gone where all the years of time are gathered into eternity. 