CHINESE GHOSTS. (From the Ballarat Evening Mail, July 13.) Sergeant Larner has been called upon to act as adviser to the Chinese at Golden Point. A few days ago Ah Coon, who some years since acted as Chinese interpretor at Ballarat, waited on the sergeant to ask his advice upon a very serious matter. Ah Coon stated that one night he was asleep in his hut at Golden Point, when he was aroused by a tapping at the door. He got out of bed and looking out saw, vanishing in the darkness, a misty row of figures, with Chinese countenances, and clothed in long flowing robes. Ah Coon wondered, but seeing nothing more returned to his slumbers. In a few moments the knocking commenced again, and this time when Ah Coon went to the door, he says, the figures were more distinct, and he saw that the procession was headed by the shade of an old Chinaman, with a long white beard. Again the procession of ghosts vanished, again Ah Coon returned troubled to bed, and again the knocking was resumed. This time, however, Ah Coon pondered before he opened the door. He was sure his visitors were from another world, and he mentally reviewed his past life to try and remember if he had over made any promises to the dead and left them un- fulfilled. He suddenly recollected that when the cemetery authorities had on account of the danger objected to the burning of paper over the Chinese graves in the cemetery, he had promised to have a small fire-place and chimney erected there, for the purpose of carrying out the Chinese custom of burning a certain kind of paper at different times over the graves of the departed. This promise he had not carried out, and he was sure this ac- counted for the visits of the ghosts. Having arrived at this conclusion, Ah Coon went to the door and found the ghosts drawn up in a semicircle before him. He addressed the venerable leader in Chinese, promised to have the chimney erected, and apologised for bringing them out in such weather. Immediately the ghosts vanished. Ah Coon has built the chimney and fireplace, and has since slept undisturbed. The same Chinaman also informed the sergeant of another ghostly adventure, some years before. This time Ah Coon was awakened by some- thing pulling his shoulder, and when he opened his eyes he saw a large cat with a white breast standing beside him. He knew, from the cat's behaviour that it was not of this earth, but it did not appear to understand Chinese when he addressed it in that lan- guage, and the animal also appeared quite as ignorant of English. Ah Coon then re- membered that in China, the Iand of his birth, it was generally understood that ghosts could not hold pens or pencils. As this cat could not or would not speak, Ah Coon wanted it to write its requests or complaints, but there was a difficulty about holding the pen. Chinese ingenuity, however, soon overcame all difficul- ties. Ah Coon got an iron tea tray, and having smeared it over with oil, sprinkled it with fine ashes. The white-breasted cat understood at once. With one of its paws it wrote in Chinese characters on the tea tray that it was the spirit of a Chinaman, whose body was at that moment lying buried in a drive at Long Gully, near Creswick. It asked Ah Coon to have the body removed from the claim and decently buried, and begged that if such a thing as an inquest was held, the body might not be mutilated. The cat then melted away into thin air, and Ah Coon slept. The next morning he states that he rode to Long Gully, found the body as de- scribed, and had it buried, after an inquest at which there was no post mortem- had been held. Ah Coon wanted the Sergeant to advise him as to what he should do in the event of another visit of the same kind, but Larner informed him that the thing was "out of his line." 