A TALE OE TWO CHBISTMASES. By Tom Hood. i. "So you are determined not to come and spend the Christmas Yao. with us ?" " My dear old boy, if I -do it's good-bye to my chances of a first,- and therefore a long farewell to my hope of a fellowship." The first speaker was Walter Carew, heir to one of the richest baronetcies in wealthy Beeve- 8hire, and gentleman commoner of St. Guthlac's College, Oxford, en which, fine old foundation his friend Charles Brandreth was a scholar. " Well, then, at all events you'll come and stay somewHereliandy, so that you can spend your Christmas and New Year'B Day with us ?" " To have you come and chevy me off my work every day ?" raid Brandreth. . " No ; 'pon honour I won't. There's a farm of the governor's at Bishop's Climstoke, five miles from the nearest station, and that s an hour, and a half from us. They're excellent people, and will put you up capitally, and for a moderate screw. Say yes, aud I'll write to old Dimadalo about it by this evening's post." . , t It is a tempting idea. Are you sure there s nothing about the locality to.keep a fellow from reading?" ; " Not more than any oher place on this jolly: sphere. You know I'm no judge. As my old coach used to say, the only place where I should be likely to stick to reading would be Eddysfcone Lighthouse, and then I should have to promise not to fish." « rejjt x confess, with all my anxiety for a class, I don't quite like the notion of Christmas- day iu Oxford and solitude, so Fll say yes." The upshot of this conversation was. that the beginning of the Christmas Yfic. found Brandreth comfortably settled at Dovecote Farm, in the retired little village of Bishop's Climstoke. He /found the Dimsdales very agreeable people, and rather superior to his notion.of .farmer life. The family consisted of old Dimsdafe an honest and energetic man; h» wife, a very homely and easy-; going-body ; and BoSe, their daughter/ a girl of about eighteen, ahd pretty enough hoi . he,: what ! Brandefch soon discovered she was, the belle of Bishop's Ulimstoke. Brandeth had been thrown on the world an orphan at au early age, with no lath or kin rave an old bachelor uncle, who- was his guardian until he came of age — an event which had token place a couple of years before the date of 'this story. He had, therefore, never known womanly kindness or attention ; and the care and thought which Bose bestowed on him as their visitor came upon him with no less novelty than enjoyment. She, on Ijt be other hand, having been all her life accustomed only to the awkward homage of rustic admirers, was charmed with the refined and respectful at tention which Brandreth naturally pud to a woman. It was hardly likely that such a state of feeling should remain at a fixed pant, and it was scarcely probable that it would, suflfer diminution. It naturally deepened and strengthened. Brandreth, Within -man's inBtinct of rivalry; could not bear to she aigirl like Bose surrounded jrach downs as her vfljage suitors ; andti&jcd; Advantage of his position as a visitor at her fother's house, he con- triveffon all oc<»sioiiS-h> monopolise her, much to the chagj itf h<rag!rc swains; hhl %rbatly to .her satisfaction. - r : - v ' r PotoBse! htr gufleleto Uid piBophisticated uatqrc raw no wrong, no durar/po inequality in thsixtfove. How could- she-foilsto believe and ; return >what she belieroLto bevSm honeet hopourableTpMsism What dse/.cmdd &sr; at tentions mean? And now it was Christmas Eve, and he was «95f wouldionly be for a.day, it seemed as if a mi he;tttesr; ft Wash first etperkhoe of1 thu She stood in tho haU, widtingf to:wMMaiM<qlr- pnA£ hindered ,hfi ' fo her appointed trak<\--tiM> deaoration ; of the bid for his journey, which was -ik- y « . iT' I one, as thejvinte| liad j|gun in 8 b.er down &ndunnd;>ber. he recalled it again and again, but with ra comfortable feeling, a self-reproached dread. 1 Shall I tell you why? Because, wheti fa 1 stooped down to kiss her she had not turned fa I head away or tried to escape. She had msJi i ! that there was nothing unmaidenly in the aT I Jt shocked him berause it was a revelations.' I that Mss she-haa given hlm her heati, if he was a villain. He.had won the poor, child1 1 affection by false pretence/ He had blighted fa j course, as he kept repeating to himgrff, could be fibtbibg bwton thimt £heir ' life were so different. .. . . , Tfre line between thfe station at which he- ' tered the train and that near Sir Banulph'j i ran close to the village of Bishop's Climstoke, mi as he was whirled rapidly by it, and recoguja nany a familiar spo his heart grew sad tofohfc l what evil he had; Wrought in that quiet luafa, bndto the poor trurtingghd who hll given fS her heart. ... Before long, however, he found himself at Sir Banulph's hospitable mansion, where, in the pleasure of his meeting Walter and in the Jollity of the seasons he . soon forgot his remorse, and jig. missed the sutgect of his cruelty from his tnind 7 It Was a thoroughly old-fashioned Ghrbtotn, kept up in the regular old-fashioned style. When the Yule log that was drawn in by a pmty if - mummers, was l&id; on the capacious hearth, and bqgan to blaze, it was not ouly the sap that hissed. There were big flakeB of snow coming down the wide chimney, and they sputtered and 8 teamed as they fell on the hot log. A week pawed pleasantly enough, and perfapg only too quiekly. It required aU Brandfetft resolution to/make up his mind to tear tinueK > away and get back to his books. His difficoltj in doing so was not decreased by (he fact that his friend's only sister, Edith, showed a decided partiality for him, which Walter was only too delighted to foster, and upou which Brandreth could not help fancying neither father nor mother L looked with any displeasure. i However, with a strong effort he resisted the I spell, and on the, day after New Year's Day found I himself in the frain on the return journey to 1 Bishop's Climstoke. As he passed the rillsgs, I ljjhe recollection of what .had happened when be i left- it cams, track Jto hfrn again vividly. He mold I not help reproaching himralf for his Mtetkmste p Edith as a treasonto Bose. And yet, sfisc.a&, v- how eonld tiiat he ? Boss and he were so differently situated, it was absurd to think of any ihing serious between them. But when he arrived at the frurm he fooai the Dimsdales in sore distress&nd; tribulatiou. Bose had gone that morping carly to visit , her grwd mother in thenext village, which lay four uukr across the moor. At mid-day — though Brandrch had been too much oecupiea to notice itHthro had been a blinding snowstoim of long dorafan, and Bose had not yet returned. They had wattl and hoped until the lateness of the. hoar fad driven them to acknowledge the fear that raq had not ventured to hint to each other — the inft have lost her way in the snow ! i The whole village was out in search of her, hi the moor was a wide one,-foHr of gnlhra asd watercourses, and Die peril was extanft, Dimsdales said. % Almost before they had finished oeahot Brandreth had seized Ms hat and stick and named but. He did not know the moor at aU,.b|iefeH that he would find her. He mpst find die, he said to himself, and then wondered vhd . : : this violent feeling meant. He cpnld Sjra lanterns moring about onaiW't - and heard at intervals one party of sgywg shouting to unolher. He strode on in wtam and in'eiieiioe , His ignorance of the moor did what far gers' intimate acquaintance with it fuled fofa They searched on and about the different pd» He went blindly On, now plunging into holei,Brf falling over ridges. ' At last the ground seemed <to open under fa — -he felt himself falh«g into spsee. -He cow scarcely smother & my. But the sensatiln fa> been deceptive — he had merely plunged into i» watercourse. But as he tnrned to scramble o® again he saw <a ahred of gray cfoth in Ihe 4 7.7 He knew it — it was Brae's cloak. He ftjfa. r 1 himralf pn his knees, and began wtofy-l&gf; the snow kway with bis hands. -7 7 Ycsy it was she 1 Hut -was she asleep-HPriw; He raised her from her odd ooncb, andjoWf off his cloak and ooat wrapped thpra As hpiWae taking offtheiatierhe "'feUiaqjpRII in itspsekfc TbankGodl it was ths4wg.',;| flask WiSfarlga' prpsrad.ou He ooptitied Itoo em s. la'hetwera-jf.J motionless lips/then catching herwE"L» p strength wMehfrirprised him he ftode tiack alonn his . cleariy-mfakea covering her pooroold faoe with showtw J1 kissei3, mid addressing her in the fondaet faW > "-p endearment. . 7 ' : ; : < iu ;rl It would be in vain to attempt to | joy and gratitude of the Dimsdales totow?7 their daughter, who, thanks to Ihterp"8. M pings and the brandy r signs of returning consekHisnees S: gering into Abe But wearied as he was. that night gg eldep J tried bh Iho'Motobllfc Hehad lost hie Ifletoant ffl Walter comriaiped,and tiwo H uTc i i ar ley was wretched to tMnk he tp£pjKal£sidifch, to whom the young YdtorynceoT success. _ —the year haying now, pom® nearly tp an end wSter determined toaskBrandreth dOwnonee ti,e Christmas. " Who knows," said he "but he may cut fee Etel; out? He ball have my assistance anyhow . ., He could not prevail for some time upon his . to acchp to invitation ; 'audit was , not u"ta « a desire' to bring their friendship to a close, Iw he cot Brandreth to promise to come. Bat even then he wbuld not come Ah hour earlier than tomade his arrangements for the ; And then the recollections of to tome time last year, and of the Dimsdales and dear old Sighop's dimstoke, came back to f him fresh and h 'cht In a gracious mood he sat himself down, and wrote to old Dimsdale, wishing Mm and his familv the compliments of the season. And then,, iuet as he was closing his letter, something came over him, and he added— " I shMl be able to utter the wish almost with.-. in your hearing, for I am going down by the evening mail on Christmas Eve to spend a short time at Sir Rulph OarewV' You may be sure the letter was a pleasant sur-. orise at Dovecote Farm. For the simple-minded old people never connected Charles Brandreth withthe sadness and gloom that had come over Rose that had stolen the colour fbom her cheeks and the light from her eyes, and that made her «crh and go heavily, like one weary of life. They only thought of him as the preserver of their darling 5 and they fancied the change in her was due to the shock she had received when she was lost in the snow. "Why, dame!" said to farmer, brightening, 'tis a letter fro' our Mr. Brandreth." "A cuwed jackanapes !" came in a growl from a dark corner. . The former turned — it was only Black Dick, as he was called in the village, an ill-favoured lad, not many degrees removed from an idiot or a brute. He used to bang about poor Rose, much to her horror, making a display of slavish admira tion for her that was almost revolting. "What's wrong wi thee, Dick?" said the former. «' 'A thrashed oi onst — on'y for car'in a bit of mistletoe in ma pocket to cateh Rosey wi' !" "Serve you right too!" said Mrs. Dimsdale, who shared Rose's loathing for the creature ; and what says Mr. Brandreth, father ?" "He's coming down here to stay 'long with the Carews, and '11 wish us a merry Christmas as be passes along the line o' Christmas Eve by the mail train. Here's a merry Christinas to him, eh,, dame ?" :i. Mrs. DimsdMe heartily joined in the wish ; and then they began to talk of his stay at the farm, and about Rose's rescue ; and they did not notice the malicious grin with which Black Dick stole out of the kitchen after hearing the news con tained inthe letter. ' Cursed jackanapes ?" he muttered to himself, as be went pounding across the frosty meadows inthe direction. of the railway; " who but he 'as bruk Rosey's heart? Who but he as teuk the maid away from oos honest maates! An' 'a thrashed oi too ! But I'll be even wi' un !" in. There was no moon on Christmas Eve, but the- liars were bright in the frosty sky, and the re flection from the thin sheet of snow that had follen in the morning reflected what little light there was. The throb and rattle of the train that rushed so rapidly along, bearing Mm towards Bishop's Climstoke, seemed to fall into a regular rhythm, and his imagination, heated by remorseful memories, seemed to supply it with words — "Buthless traitor ! Ruthless traitor !" The words rang continuously in his ears. He could not shut them out by reading. They were like the sounds that repeat themselves with such maddening monotony to a man in delirium. He wss positively grateful when he recognised by familiar landmarks that he was approaching Bishop's Climstoke. He opened the window and leant out. Still the train harried on. Now he coald see the tower of the church. He was getting near the village now. He would see the form in a minute. Ah ! what was that ? Some black object moving down the side of the embankment a little way ahead. The engine-driver must have seen iti for hark ! there is a warning . whistle. Ml of a sudden the tone of the whistle is hanged. It becomes a shriek, as of terror. There I follows a tremendous grinding of breaks, hurried ly applied till the sparks rash from them in a Bfcrsam. Then arise eries of alarm. And then, OTsr all, a crash — the. train heaves like a wounded make ; the carriages seem to fall into splinters. A grinding, crushing roar — the bellowing of mcaping steam — the hissing pf water flung upon lire coals ! All this compressed into a minute's pwe; and this the last thing of which CharleB Brandreth is conscious ! tuose or tne guards wlio are uninjured set to ork to learn how the accident rose, and to ex- Wcate the passengers. They find the line has Men blocked with several sleepers and nptorn mi«) which have thrown the engine off the track. It has been overturned in its foil. Stoker and Qriver have both been thrown some distance, and h® dead or insensible— it cannot be clearly ascer- | tmed which just yet. I to1"®'® someone under to engine, for all . | j They can hear a foint moaning. Whoever f j16'8 aB flood as dead, what with being crushed, tea burnt, and scMded, all at the same time. They extricate Aim. fo a toung follow, apparently a form labourer- it is promptly, conjectured, that he is the person I who placed the obstruction - on the line ; and I hen the question is put to him he does not deny t «. Just at that moment they are carrying past apparently lifeless body "of -one whose dress I B®ein8 to indicate that he is a clergyman. A I f rri rec acro8s the foee heightens its pal- I or. The bystanders acknowledge with a shudder I ® Pr®88nce of death. ( The wretched author of the calamity grins a I i agony,'balf of triumph. I un j fione for — hut I ha' killed un !— I ha' I teled uri, for sure !? ; I writhing, atid dies like a 1 LTttBhed Viper. K en a ig burly figure comes pushing I « Sr crowd. . I biiJs ' '®ranfl,'efc!l ! Mr. Brandreth! Are you I cw-reyou' 8irp Hav«yeay fo'ye audfl l8n h c0,1?168 aighfc of the deafl b6dy, iijati/.. ,-s:< ' 7:r 5Jii .. j. I ; A.:... iJ. i-: nr. | But Charles Brandreth was not dead. " Better lj that he will bo a deformedforipple for life ! j ! He shudders and turmaway from- a gentle hand lis shoulder-oh, epffcly \ , it 1 1 does npt put<him to physical pfdp,' but it .racks j. him' with mentM torture. , For there, fa the ghost I ofpptojr Rosor- rthe Boectre now »f pret girl I he kneWr-waiting on him, tenfling. him, nursing j. him, patiently, devotedly, unweqiyingly. But | somehow he feelB that there is a b$mer between j theim Not the cruel oldbarrier, pfpride tht ,£e I had built up,. In his humiliation, in the silent hoiua af, waking, in the oonBtanfe pain he has | learpt to Bee elrarly now. The bamer is none of .1 his rawng.. If be were to merest stranger she J could . not keep Mm more coldly at a distance with . , her face emotionless as a mask and hpr demure 1 "Yes, sir," and "No, sir.!" j. He prays for death ; but be, feels tot he will | live. And the thought of what life means to higi now is unendurable. . .. One day when he is, as he supposes, alone, he I complains aloud, reproaching himself for the past. | " I blighted her life, and mine is darkened ! X killed the prettineas in her face, and mine is made a horror. I deserve it— and yet it is sad to think | of the doom te doctor passes— a disfigured do- j formed cxipple for life !" j And then suddenly he feels two arms round his | neck, and a shower of kisses on his forehead, and he, hears Bogie's voice sobbing, " My darling !— - my darling ! Yes, X dare toll you so now— my | own ! my own ! Dearer to me now ton ever !— j doubly dear, for they will not steal you from me | now!" ! - " Merciful heaven !, what have I done to de- j serve. this? ' he gasps. 1 And from that day he begins tp mend fost. 1 There is little more to add, but that little is | good. I Sir. Ranulph, dissatisfied with to opinion of the locM surgeon, sends to town for the first surgeon of to day, who comes down with his 1 cheerful face and his noble gray head— grown gray in the service of suffering humanity— and he | takes a brighter view of the ease— and a more | correct one, which is bettor still. For, by the | time Charles Brandreth is well . enough to : move about agate,, and goes to take the fet College ; living, for which he exchanges Ms fellowship, you j would never guess from his straight, well- pro portioned figure, that he had .ever been such a shattered wreck as .he. had; been. There's just the shadow of a limp in his walk, and there's the white team pf a long scar on his brow, but you can only see it when you are very near him. . . ., But Rose, his beloved wife, who is nearer— and dearer — to him than any one; else, in the. world, : ;vows she cannot see any thing. of a disfigurement,; or any fault pr imperfection at all in her husband. 