CHINESE GHOSTS. fpeom the ballarat stab.") A volume of interesting Japanese fairy tales has lately been published, and now the Ballarat Star follows with what may perhaps be the first serieB of a similar collection of Chinese legends. Ah Coon, who some years since acted as Chinese interpreter at Ballarat, lately waited upon Police-sergeant Larner to ask his advice under the following circumstances : — " Ah Coon, who lives at the Chinese camp, stated that one night he was asleep in his hut at Golden Point, when he was aroused by a tapping at the door. He got out of bed, and looking out saw vanishing in the darkness a misty row of figures, with Chi nese countenances, and clothed in long flowing white robes. Ah Coon wondered, but seeing nothing more returned- to his slumbers. In a few moments the knocking commenced again, and this time when Ah Coon went to the door, he says the figures were more distinct, and he saw that the procession was headed by the Bhade of an old Chinaman, with a long white beard. Again the procession of ghosts vanished, again Ah Coon returned troubled to bed, and again the knocking was resumed. This time Ah Coon pondered before he opened the door. He was sure his visitors were from another world, and he mentally reviewed his past life to try and remember if he had ever made promises to the dead and left them unful- $lje4f He suddenly recollected that when the pepietery authorities had on account of the danger objected to the burning of paper ever the Chinese graves in the cemetery, he had promised to have a small fire-place and chimney erected there, for the purpose of carrying out the Chinese custom of burning a certain land of paper at different times over the graves of the departed. This promise he had not carried out, and he was sure that this accounted for the visits of the ghosts. Having arrived at this conclusion Ah Coon went to the door, and found the ghosts drawn up in a semicircle before him. He addressed the venerable leader in Chinese, promising to have the chimney erected, and apologising for bringing them out in Buch weather. Immediately the ghosts vanisned. Ah Coon has built the chimney and fire-place, and has since slept undisturbed. The same Chinaman also informed the sergeant of another ghostly adventure, some years before. ThiB time Ah Coon was awakened by something pulling his phoulder, and when he opened his eyes he saw a purge pat with a white breast standing beBide him. He knew frgrn the cat's behaviour, that it was not of this eaEtb, but it did not appear to under stand Chinese when he addressed it in that lan guage, and the animal also appeared quite as ignorant of English. Ah Coon then remembered that in China, the land of his birth, it was gene rally understood that ghosts eould not hold pens or pencils. As this cat could not or would not speak Ah Coon van ted it to write its requests or com plaints, but there was a difficulty about holding the pen. Chinese ingenuity, however, soon overcame all difficulties. Ah Coon got an iron tea- tray, and having smeared it over with oil, sprinkled it with fine ashes. The white-breasted cat under stood at once. With one of its paws it wrote in Chinese characters on the tea-tray that it was the spirit of a Chinaman, whose body was at that moment lying buried in a drive at Long Gully, near Creswick. It asked Ah Coon to have the body removed from the claim and decently jifpipd, and begged that if such a thing as an inquesj; yap held the body might not be mutilated. Thp c$t then malted away into thin air, and Ah Coon slept. The net morning he states that he rode to Long Gully, found the body as described, and had it buried after au inquest, at which there was no post mortem examination, ftitf ftepn held. Ah Coon wanted the sergeaut to ftdyiflp him 4? to what he should do in the event of another visit Qf the same kind, but Larner in formed him that the thing was out of his line.' " 