. WA R INTEhLIQ-ENCE-. MURDER OF FI1ENCH GENER ALS. While f was returnmg from the sctoe I met-two acquaintances who belonged to the Belgian Ambulance, and who had seen—actually seen—Clement Thomas shot the day before. I must first state that my friend chose still to wear the qneer- shaped cap which is customary m the Ambulance service. It is in the shape of a small stew-pan, And is called liere cosseroUe. Sow, it bo happens that a caKSerolle of precisely the same ol shape is worn by the new policemen} and, therefore, when these Belgians went yesterday to the Maine at Montmartre to transact some business, and were returning peacefully to their homes, it entered Into the heads of some among the assembled crowds that they were pobcemen m disguise, "who hail forgotten to dispose of their caps, "the infuriated insurgents pounced on thenl, ind earned them off to the house m the Hue des Hosiers, -where the Central Committee sit. On ail sides the mob shouted that they nSust be sh.ot,.^nd that without trial, as there was ii&feoe; -Jor-^riafe. Of course they protested their innocence loudly; but still they were kept prisoners for several hours. While they were waiting till some one should decide as to their fate, Generals Lecomte and Clement Thomas were brought ltu The members of ihe Committee present insisted that the generals should not be shot; but, Bitwithstanding this direction, some National Guards, some Mobiles, and some troops of the Lioe dragged the -generals down stairs into a Uttle garden, kicking them and insulting them. Quick work was made of the execution . It was all done in a few minutes. General Clement Thomas was first collared ; a few words passed, and then he was pushed a few steps back against a walL The brutes crowded round him about a couple of yards distant, and not raising their guns to fire from the shoulder, but firing wildly from the hip, they gave him shot after shot until at last he fell. The old general held bis Uat in his band, and received his death bravely- He was not killed at once with a volley First he received one shot, and shook as he received it, but he remained upright Then there was another shot, and another convulsion of the. old man's frame, but still he was erect. And so shot after shot were given, until the general at last fell forward, hat m hand One account tates that'fifteet! shots were fired, but all did not take effect. Then came General Lecomte's turn, and death came to him more speedily. He was pushed against a wall; he received two or three shots ; and his fall was peculiar, lie threw bis hands, and plunged head-foremost on the ground; .as if he was taking a header in the sea. The spectators who gave me. this account saw little inore.Ior now came tbeir turn. They were about to be carried down into the garden to nndergo a "Similar fate, when an officcr of the Garibaldisn Corps loudly protested against their execution unless it could be proved that tiiey were really policemen in disguise. J?or several hours this ensp-iise continued, when: at last a m-rabsr of the, Central Committee proposed to restore them to liberty if they would sign a paper attesting $hat the iCommittee refused to sanction tbe execution of the two generals. Rejoiced at this opportunity of escape, the tfro prisoners affixed their signature to • the document which was very hadly written and execrably spelt^-A -lieutenant: of tbenavy, also -ar: rested - owed his escape to .the "same concession... , ...:.•.... TtETDEir "THE SMPRBbE -TO SBELtlT: • A correspondent of the Daily Tdegraph, ^writing from Berlin, tiros describes the resturn of. the Emperor;;—" At half-past .five , *JiStraftern-oOn, His Majesty Wilhelm into his ancestral : Df far less pomp and circamstance tban toobc ; attending hi u it tn the Emperor Napoleon at Paris in that Exhibition year—the nan e , tsf Srhicb is wntteu in water—1S67. Then, , all tile splendour and all the pageantry st the command of the most powerful lusn hons, and hospitable Empire on tfife Conrnent were -lavished on the reception of a Monarch'iwhose..government a few weeks before had,been within . an ace of coming to Wows on the -Luxembourg -qitestfon -with France. Hapoleon lH. seemed desirpus nf aving that ugly ghost in a Ted -sea of gold, SS^SsSSf^t the King of Prussia wa^loflged » awing of ^ iuil^es itself. WclUo I remember the sinny afternoon on which the'lmpettal «nd ^ ^ ^ swept tlirnugh the glorious with gilt atid turaished tif-ppings—the gtitterrng Casques, and. corslets of the Cent <3ardes, the stafs Said nbaus and Crosses of the Staff, the wondrous show made by the French Imperial <Jrenaaiers as theySaihtted oiit at tlie main tjcard at tUe Louvi-fe, ibeir remember,, too, the 'facial silence -of th4f euormons jmuititude'as fd)edazsilinge»v»lc»d* streawieoOalCiig. A fey/rmomlinrde, atationglj at cer∈'antervalB, made jfepld to cry-.- 1 yJii* TEmpereur ''" and +/&rea; * Vtie k Soi Si Prims !' and one* of "them got knocked down by a man 4it Si Jd]o6»o for ,5iii ^uiut> For thej-est, the ^>nsian ipojiuU 0 * <tar»d «t the show, asm »theatre Jll*y Woilld haV* gazed apon-a splendid spectacle nrith»ctor»», , who were iistestdiil jto Ihem, ~ lieyWheia; but they jdid <not aiijilaild. 1?iat ngbt^n cafis they sneered at ana disparted whal they had. aeen, W »pitefulty *ircUl«t»d'ai» since Jus last visit. s Aasoradly *3 "but H3a Majesty always eaters by the Porte St. Denis' It was through that £ate, Vith all Lotus -STV:.'s vain tropbfcs: -oveAead, <h«t Prmce William of Prussia lad riddsn, a mere lad, m tbe wake of the Allied Arnica, an 1815. tfifty-Ueven yeaw have el»fi«d) and, -aftfer Wisely abstaining from centering ia tnumph the capital which Kn soldier* would - have trampled. under Xlieir ieet, th» -hoy . Prmce'of Hohentollernr^now » i>ronied-!»et* ;. cran of seVenty-ioUr—now a HUghtier ioobqueror %ban the winners of Leijxio and . Waterio6—neiv an Eniiperor of Germany— conies bome to Berlin in ithe quietest aAd simplest manner conceivable. l,liare »een the High Sheriff of an English iconnty mak* a grander alrojr:irlifen, ! . I witii,i4iis 3»wJin-m«i», he has gone forth to •-welcome the -judge* at assize-tens The Daily JNtm cratffcspotadent, writiag from Paris-on March l, aay«;—"The Germans entered Paris m imali bodiea, to the number of twelve or fifteen hundred. . Ftnt came in the Uhlans in gallant style, led by. one ofneer far In advan6e of In* men. Hd galloped up the Aveniie de la Cirraude Arm&o; - to tbe groat admiration of spectators. Withoutlet or hindrance he galloped jiast the, And de Triomphe, a wave of^ils sw6rd parting tb« crowds which had assembled' were, and which at first seemed inclined to bar hi* passage. His troops followed iim, and the m- -: fantry then advanead to the: mime of drum ,; and bfa.: This fine detatchment after dafth- . ing -about at will m -the Avenue of tha Champs Elys ees,. took ,11 p- apposition opposite: to the Palace: of Industry,., where .they . stacked their arms aAd-|>icketecl.their horses. Most of tbe men ttoew theniaelves on.the . ground, resting on their knapsacks, a* if they were sufeniig from fitigHe. The Parisians wh'6 came to see them were not numer- . Most of them were of -the lower,classen, and looked on '(nth perfect Calmness-, Somd of them went Tip 4o the Prussians; gathered about tbem, touchid them as if to see that .- they were living .-bevass-, examined their, ac-, - coutrements-. and entered jnto .such converr,- sation as was possible Vr^ere few of the one*, nationality understood the language .of riha other. Tbe only, excitenieat-was among the Parisgra. urchins, who clustered about m considerable numbers, tottering noisy cnei, sometimes tugging at the coats of German - soldiers, who took the kind attention with . good humour, and always indulging jn gri- • mace and gesticulating Itorsignify merriittent, 1?he chlrf bodies of the Germans were iiot td make'their appearance "tiH^mid -day, and in the meantime the troops came in by twos aud threes, half-dozens, and scores,: and flet tbemselves to the task billeting themselves Ym the inhabitants. -As these troops came up in small numbers, they almost always attempted to pass under the Arc <1« Tiyompho but the crowds stopped many of.them, and . d forced them to turn back. -A coirespoiident, writing on ihe night af fcei ike day of entry, says:—This day will stand. in the annals of Paris as a black Jelter day, l i the day of tiie German bivouac -in the Elys^es, . and of the closed shops. dpon the Boulevard* It has been fane and dnsty—as favourable weather for the victots as was possible, barring the somfewhat excessive-dust, CaTts^nd carnages, horsemen and footmen, have streamed Into tbe- city from Versailles. Tho T?reu\Jb. have r&laxsd; a little in theirstern resolve to see nothing of their enemies, ,and the Aveniie dea Champs Elys^es has been crowded during the Whole afternoon-- Soldiers and - civilians have mingled .together in an orderly throngs and, though they Irave not conversed* and have scarcely taken aiiy notice of one another's presence, they have made up between them a picturfe not to be forgotten. Tbe detachisients of Prussian infantry sentin. as though by Cook's excursion, to have * glimpse of the city have passed ttp-anddown within their prescribed limits singing as they marched, and, seemingly, fall of ,Joy. They have beefi beyond the limits m one direCtioil.: at least, and, accompanied by their officers, have visited the.Louvre: - The JFrench mob did not approve of this concession to a sightseeing invader, and would have liked to put a spoke m tbe wheel, but General Vinoy wai firm. Some understanding that the Louvre should be seen had accompanied the agreement to occupy so snlsl] a part of Paris, and even in this dismal time of defeat and humiliation, the honor of government required civility to the Gernians. So in they wert) and walked qtnetly "without armsamto;,tho splendid palace, -andttrnstedithemselves-,to: - the safe keeping of xhe-French ime^-th« little red- trousered linesmen, who have lost all but honor. And the new unifornis of the Prnasian Guard, looked brilliant in the sunshine, and the Prussians stared contentedly at the fine things which were shown tbem: and enjoyed their outing immensely. They broke off twigs from the bushes to stich in thei£ helmets, and they tramped back again up the avenue, Happier, if-hot wiser, men. -Oh. how ttieirsonsp -and- thmr green twigs sunk into the minds of the' French ! I heard-many a whispered sorrow as t strolled through the crowd, and When it came to the_pomt of the. Germans throngins joyotisly backslider ths Arc de fnomphe withloud cheers, there wer6 some -old gentlemen, with ribbons at ths hfttton-hole,: *ho titrned ,away and brushed tbeir hands across their eyes. " It is then? turn to-day, it may be ours to-morrow," was, however, the prevaibns sentmient of the lighthearted crowd. -The people knev tbat peace had been voted at' BirdeauS^-and ihat-the German .-occupation must soon -come, to.anend. The great trial for Paris had pasted otf - better than-was -expected. Df&nssell; narrates tne following incident: I sauntered into the Sue de la Paroisse and entered a confectioner's, while my com-: pinions went off to: the . Eeiservoirs. shere they ate making anxious inquiries Ktter one or two Bngbsli Visitors who lave ,s J3®en ;m •Versailles, and tasked tbe woman if tbfl Prussians had left, ' Boesnot Monsieursee? Thank God." tliy marched off at ten.- this tnoftumg.' The shop ilsed to be toll-of . men they Cutaway Offi The drew a foUireathe^But were they bad'' No, I cannot . y^^mt they are so hard, rd.so so absolute,-so abaoluteviio in insolent. _ would not care to ge to heaven if lthongtit there were Prussians there.' And so 1 went out m the "hope that she may get over her scruples ultimately, Jot she quakes excellent brioches 