To the Editor of the Empire. SIR,---In your paper of the 23rd instant, there is an article copied from the Melbourne Argus, giving an account of the successful application of Professor Halford's remedy for snake- bites. As an act of justice and gratitude to an old and valued friend, whom I had not seen, until this week, for twelve years, the following information will not only be gratifying to him, but also useful to the public;---When I started from Sydney, in company with my wife, on a peregrination through the interior, in 1859, I took with me a great many of Dr. Sallet's cards, the same as the enclosed, containing the remedy for snake-bites, which I distributed for the benefit of suffering humanity. No one can fail to perceive that this remedy is almost identical with that of Professor Halford, with the exception of the injection process, which is a very doubtful improvement and certainly not practicable in the bush. Besides, Mons. Sallet's remedy is so simple and within the reach of everybody---for carbonate or baking soda is found almost in every house and on every bullock- driver's dray. Soda possesses the same alkaline property as liquid ammonia; and consequently answers the same purpose, if not better, because it can be applied thick like a poultice on the wound. To ensure a certain cure, an immediate alkaline application in the shape of ammonia, soda, chalk, or lime is absolutely necessary, before the poison has time to percolate through the veins, for its excessive acidity soon chills and decomposes the blood---thus it is necessary, in addition to the antidote, to create an artificial heat, either through the medium of alcoholic drink, or the cat-o'- nine-tails---or both. I remember once in the Rockhampton district, on the road to Tarroom, where a bullock-driver was bit by a black snake. I fortunately was camping close by at the time, and instantly gave some carbonate of soda, and also liquid ammonia to wash the wound first ; those articles I always kept for neutralizing my photographic chemicals. His mates then took it in turn every alternate hour to let him go through a course of penal punishment, only it was done leniently with switches, and with an anxious desire to save his life, in which they succeeded, after giving him plenty of rum and no sleep for a day and a night. I have sometimes cured my horses after snake-bites, by merely riding them hard until covered with perspiration, and getting up several times in the night to stir them about, for horses kindly treated cling to the camp when sick, and seek a sequestered spot to die. By neglecting the usual remedy I once lost a valuable horse at Lismore, on the Richmond River. He was bit on the fetlock by a green snake, at Gunderimba ; he stood for days, without eating or moving, unless stirred. After a short run in the wagonette to Lismore, I thought he was going to survive, for he brightened up considerably. In consequence of my time being so much occupied in business, poor Stumpy was again neglected. He lingered for a few days and at last came to the wagon, as if to wish us good- bye, and then went to each of his mates, that were tied on the tether, to rub noses, and then feebly crawled along to the scrub to rest his weary bones, and where soon his flesh became food for crows. In talking about snakes, I think that the following anecdote may not be uninteresting :---When camping on the banks of the Clarence at Yeates's Flat, some six or seven years ago, a good-hearted though simple- minded son of Erin was passing with his swag. He joyfully accepted of our hospitality in the usual hearty bush style of beef, damper, and tea. Pat suddenly perceived a diamond snake crawling from beneath the log, which made him tremble in his shoes. He clenched his fist and said, " I am an Irishman." The reptile gradually recoiled, and soon again made his appearance, when Pat more emphatically than before declared that, "By St. Patrick, I am an Irishman." Snakey again gracefully and slowly receded, and on the third time making his appearance, Pat became furious, and frantically exclaimed, " In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and the holy St. Patrick, l am an Irishman !" The poor snake was so much frightened that he instantly dis- appeared for the last time, and nothing in the world would persuade our guest that the names of the Trinity and the holy St. Patrick had not saved his life. W. LORANDO JONES. Parramatta, March 25. The following are the directions on Dr. Sallet's card, circulated by Mr. Jones, as above described :- - The part bitten must be washed at once with water or even saliva, and then enveloped in a rag dipped in liquid ammonia or volatile alkali. The injured part will not then swell, and there will thus be no danger. If there is no ammonia to be had, put gunpowder immediately on the wound, and set fire to it; this will entirely destroy the infection. Should gun- powder not be at hand, the fire itself must be applied. This is painful, but would be preferred by many to scarifying the flesh. I have known persons (generally blacks) who, when bitten, have sucked the wounds, and by this means saved their lives. L. SALLET. 