TWeek endine December 23. Thle Gladstone paper says :-We are informed that the little vessel now being fitted out by ler. E. Johnson will be employed during the seaseon in thile turtle fishery. Mr. Johnson has made arrangements to procure a supply of turtles for the Queensland Mfeat-preserving Company, at Rockhampton, where thlley will be prepared for the stomachs of London epi cures-possibly to grace the table at some Lord Mayor's banquet. With so glorious a fate in pros pect, what turtle would not rush to be caught by fr. Johnson, and emulate the heroism of the priest's pig, which, tired of being bled periodically to make black puddings, rushed into the kitchen, stuffed with sesge and onions, and then spitted and roasted itself. SToer or A TBeTEn.-The breeding season is now at its height, and turtles impelled by the maternal in stienct nightly seek the sandy shores of the islands in the harbour. In secluded localities the turtles are bold enough to go ashore before sundown, and last Friday afternoon one paid for its temerity with its liberty and subsequently with its life. Mr. Pilot Jansen being down at the heade in prosecution of his duties, had occasion to land on a?eing Island and saw her turtleship creeping away through the grass far above high water mark. In a few moments aebefound herself on her back, and hersufferings were terminated threedays later in the Customs boat-shed, by a tragedy in which her captor wa flrat murderer. Her body was quartered, and distributed with sanguinary generosity to chosen friends from the four winds of Gladstone. Her eggs (about abusketfullof them) weredivided and handed round as choice morsels. But her ladyship's ghost must lave had its revenge if it witnessed the suifferings of some of those who for a brief moment gloated over eggs and green fat; her eggs dislgreed with not a few of thlose foolhardy or curious eeough to get outside of them. For ourselves, we might sey but no, we will not; the memory oftheloathings pro duced by that one tiny sphere-" Just like a billiard ball only not so hard," as an admiring friend said, when ie saw us with a lump of turtle in onehandand a kerchief of eggs in the other-is too dreadful Acording to a tolegram received at the police sta tion in this town on Monday evening from Clhief In specteor Brownea at Condamine, Patrick Collins has been commnitted for trialfor themurderofMlr.Simeon Zieman. Several hlorses and same saddlery whlich were in the prisoner's possession have been seized, and they are supposed to have been stolen from this locality. The description and brands of missing hlorses willno doubt immediately be communicated to the police. The police have commenced to colleet the agri cultural returns fgr the past year in this neighbour' hood and the surrounding districts. Thle opening of the Roman Catholic Churlch at MeTyborouglh, wlhich was to hlave taken place on Sepn ration Day, is now to be deferred until the return of tlhe Bishoip. The cash receipts on the Southlern sand Western Railway during the week ending on December 9 were :--Passengers, £281 o10s. Gd.; parcels, £12 13s. 9d.; miscellaneous, £8 8e. 21.; goods, £1481 18s. 4d.; total, £1734 10s. 8d. Throughl tie courtesy of tIr. Rl. ourne, of the Teleraphl Depanrlennt, we are enabled to furnish frliher ilformnatioe relative to the Eclipse Expedition, and eceget exceedingly thIet it is not ofa more esatis fnetory elhrneter. Two telegrams wero received tlrougb n member of thIe expedition from Cardwrell on Saturday, t tthe effect tilt he regretted to say the object of tlhe expedition lhad been uensuceassfel. Fice wceeather waas experienced from the time of leaving Syldney until the night previous to the day of the relipse, nihen one of lthe severest thunderstorms ever witnessed sol in. Tle lighlning struck thie ship's meast-l-heard eighlt limes, diselharing itself to earth wstfh loud cracks so rivid as to eake away sight for several moments. It is rather singular that at Melbourne and at Cape Sidmouth alone was the weathler unfa ;ourable for witnessing the eclipse, more especially as tlVictoritans wrs'the chief moversC in originating t-e expedition. The Governor Blackall may be cx peeled at Brisbano is the ecouse of Wediesday. Severacl German immigrants by the ship Jolen fertram, from lamburghal, arrived at thile Government depbt, Nothl Ipswichl, on Tuesday eveening, per Go vernment steamer Motc, iu chlarge of Mr. Gray, the Immigretion Agent. They numbered nineteen single met, fifteen single women, seven mdrried couples, and fourteen children. An arcidental death by drowning occurred on Wed nesday morning, attended by circumstances of more than ordinary melanchloly. Thie victim was a fline child of about fire years of age, named Ellen Jackson, a daughter of Mr. David Jackson, bootmaker, of Niclholas-street. The little girl had bean in attepd anee at St. Paul's School, and ou yesterday morniug she jas playing amongst the other children attending the school in tile play-ground previous toasessembling to their classes. She was seen by the pupil teacher a few minutes before 9 o'lock, and at a quarter-past 9 another girl attenoding thie school found what turned ant to bhe the ehild's hat floating in a large tank atphe rear of the school-house. The eirenumstance was itm mediately communicated to the teacher, and the child was found to be missing, but, strange to sy, nosoation was taken to search the tank until a full hoar had been spent in fruitless searching through tlhe streets, and in sendiag vain messages in various directions. When all else failed the tank was searched, and at the Iret trial a sofe lump was felt at the bottom of the teankby the man who got a long stick, and used it to probe the tank, and in a few moments the dead body of the poor child was brought to the surface o( the tiater, and lifted out by a father frantic with grief at the sudden and untimely end of his daughter. A large crowd of eympathising people congregated atthe scene of the unhappy occurrence, and Dr. Heney was on tihe ground in a few minutes, and made an attempt to resuscitate the child, but his efforts wpre in vain, as the boedy had been too long in the water. When the poor mother of the child heard of thb.ad accident she ran down to the school-yard, and her frenzied grief on seeing the lifeless body of her iSlld was heart-rending to behold. The persons assimbled evidently felt deeply for the parents in their ffiotionn and many a tear was shed over the little inanilite form, as it lay in the unconsciousness of its last Iag sleep. At last an advocate of "babies' righte'' sip peared. The W?ide Beay and Barunett Ner,pablispd in Maryborough, says:-"We otikht eainatlyto stand out for a population basis in representation, as this towrnbids fair to become populous bythe snhla d efforts of its present inhabitants. We are iifirss that 135 births have been registered against 8S deths.., in the last two months and a hall The nratutl'iaMl' crease would double our present population in thn years at that rate." On Tuesday last, between the boors of 1 and .1 a.m., (says the D. D. Gasetfe) our attention' was directed to an inebriate and jovial bushlman who had seated himself at the foot of ths telegsapb'pist near the Post-office, and'was preparing his aswag for-a "comfortable anooae' The jolly buaman ,was, as' we have been informed, Mr F B. Allen, the lost heir of Mr. F. AllSen, the wealthy and celebrated silk-'bie of St. Paul's Ohrochyard, Leondoh. Adreitii'mes, calling for information respecting Mr. Allen'.iwibi abouts, have appeared in the prinacipal papepikof VIh toria, Nes South Wales, and Queenasland, and itwps quite by aooidecatthat Mr. Woods, of Dalby, rpsogiisied in an old friend, and the buashman above jalluded to, the lost son of the Leondon silk-morer and tbieentl man so diligently sought for by his only sish* Communication was opened with the agents ofe M Allenm's solicitors in N.W., and fudas were caisie" for his removal to Brisbane, and thence to Engla'd' Tbhe first consignment of copper-orb from the Hel bottom mine arrived in Townsvile on Satuadaj layt, in charge of Mlr. H. Evans. It consists o. fouritois of splendid-looking ore, which will be forwardd per Boomerang to Newcastle for assay. When the reseill of thle assay is determined we shall doubtless be iti :a position to speak in higher terms than ever of t¶e Keelbottom copper-mine. This distriet is indebted to Mr. Alfred Foos for ~p very valuable mineral discovery, which has bbeen brought to light almost accidentally. Within abost two miles of Ipswich Mr. Foote fo'und, while search ing for copper, an ore the nature of which he was per fectly ignorant of, but havisig obtained the valuable co-operation of Mr. F. T. Staigerthe disoavry proved be that of chrome ore-the first, we believe, found hi Australia. Upon being tasted byifr.-tsigerit was prored to contain 60 or 70 per cent? . ofybrome of vear fine quality. Without proper applianoea it was noet possible to enperiment except upon i very imited scale, but the sample of chrome produced--trbih wil -l be exhibited at the Agrinaltoal Bwiety'a show to-day together with a large blook of the ore-speake for itself. The bazaar in aid ofa fund for repairing the ree dence of the teacher of St. Paul's school, and fenoing in the church grounds, will be opened on Bkxing Day by the Hon. J. Malbon Thompson. It promises to A a great succees, as the ladies who have been 'e ener geticeally engaged on its behalf have met with +ery de cided encouragement in all parts of the towep. A, number of ladies have kindly volunteered to eontribute their aervices as pianilstes for the occasion, so that tie chlarms of music will be added to the otherindoce ment that will be offered to the lords of the oreetion to pass an everning or two during the coming week i Fairy-land. Senase of accidental poisoning has been reported to the Police Magiatrate by Dr. Dorecy. A child whose parents reside at Moggill Creek was found amushing itself with lucifer iaetches on Thursday last, and somie time afterwards shlowed dsymptomseof ilinese. Medical asaistauce was not sought, however, until the following Sunday, when Dr. DorBey was sent for, but on Is arrival hlie found the child dead. Ie statesthalymp, toms of poisoning from phosphorus were exhibited by the child both before and after death. Thle annual meeting of thIe Reehahbite Society took plaece last Tuesday night in the Temperance Hall,. when there ass afair attendance. After thle regular- routine busiiess had been gone through the half-yearly r change of offices took place, as followe:--Bre. M'ar-.. lane. eon., retired from the olaee of Ohief?buleri, and Pro. Pettigrew, who had filled the oloe of Deputy, Buler durnog the last six months, advanced to the seat of Chief Ruler, the oflfice of Depnty auler being filled by Bro. H. Evans ; and to the ofofice ofSecretary Bro. Woolley, son., was unanimouely re- elected, Brc.Hdlt being also re-elected to the office of Treasurer.. The following brethren were duly chosen tofllthe follow: taing oices:--ro. W. Alott, .8. a- Bro. f'Farlane, jun., W.S.; Bro. Gedeby, Guardian a nd ro. Beard, Levite. The newly-elected offioeers were then duly sworn, and took their seats. A vote of?-thank lwea next presented to Bro. M'Farlsane, the-late O.a., for:: the eficient manner in which he had carried out the i duties of Chief Buler, to which a suitable reply was : made; and after wishing the newly-elected oficers prosperity during their term of ooffice, the meeting ter minatcd. On making inquiry at the ofice of the Superinten dent of Telegraphe as to the progress of the line to the Gulf, we were favoured with information to the fol lowing ef'cot:--uThe laying of the British-Austrelian Company's cable between Java and Port Darwin wasn aenoessfuBy completed on the 20th of November, and was in perfect working order. Mr.Little, of the South Austrmlian Telegraph Department, lef'Port Darwin on the following day, and arrived at Normanton on Friday last, the 15th. With regard toure line tothe mouth of the Norman River, on thle 1'5th inst. sixty four miles from Normanton were completed, leaving only twenty-nine miles unfinished of eommsnieation between Brisbaneand the Gulf. Drays withsufBiiont poles to complete to eighty-four miles were camped at sixty miles from Normanton ; and the contractor eox peocted to leave that place on the 22nd instant with material snDicient to finish the remaining nine miles, The workmen wore proceeding satisfactorily with the g erection of thie station at Norman Month. lsuonor PATsoo-.-In the Synod of the Church of England Diocese of Sydney reference t~rae made by thle Dean of Sydney to a letter received by him from the Bishop of Auckland, N.eZ., addressed to "the Most Rev. the Bilshop of Sydney, Metropolitan," and datel from "Bishop's Court at Auckland,' on the 18th of November lst. Thle letter (whLich came to the Doan as the Bishop's commissary) was as follows: " ?y Lord,-Tho Synod of thilis diocese has unani mously passed a resolution to the effect that a Bishop Patteson.Mcmoriol Fend shall be established. It is decided to invite thle co-oporation of the Church inthe other dioceese of Now Zealand, in the Australian colo nies, and in the United Kingdom. A public meeting will be held in thise city on thle 16th instantin furthlor nure of this object. As the Hero leaves for Sydney tud tMelbourne to-morrow, I toake advantage of the - opporiunity to inform sourlordsehlip of this movrement, and to solicit your hind cooperation in aid of it. feoneys collectled in this dioo eso will be landed to the trusteev of the Melaneesian tission for the general purposos connected with it, but of course it will be for thle sreveral dioceses of Ausfmtrlia to decide whether tlhe money raised by tbohemn shall he employed for the genurucl purouees of the mission, or for any special pnortion of thalnt work, and how suchl fonds shall bo ndmoiistcered.-Yours faithfully, G. AUcr?LA."--8 ?if. Herald. k IrPsawrncn: Printed and publilshed by the proprietors, Hotat PAurmenso, J. Boweroi Sorer, and FRacrs KunesR, at the Qceoeland Zime. Office, Ellonborough-street. 