ST. GEORGE. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) WE have had quite an'exciting time of it here lately in public matters. We have had a pub- <*> lic meeting for the purpose of appointing a road trust, at which six gentlemen were nominated, viz., Messrs. D. F. M'Kay, George Kirk, R. Hazard, Frazer, Zieman, and Roberts; and it is to be hoped that whatever gentlemen may be eventually selected, they will be fully alive to the importance of the duty which will devolve upon them. There is not the slightest doubt that increased facilities of road communication will immensely benefit both our town and district. We want a road direct to Dalby, that is of the first importance, our present route by Surat and Condamine bbing fully seventy miles round, and next we want the rond open to Cunnamulla, on the Warrego, which road will open up a direct line of communication between Dalby and Brisbane, and the whole of south western Queensland, the Lower Warrego, and the Paroo, the whole of the trade of which im mense district is now lost to the colony. By the way, some time since a sum of money was voted for the purpose of opening up this road and tha line I believe wa3 surveyed, but we have heard no more of the matter. I believe the money lately voted for St. George district has been voted to be ex pended on the road between here and Surat; if so, it will be completely thrown away, as little of our traffic goes by that route. New and direct lines are whit we want, and what we must try to obtain ; and as the Queensland Government have lately upset all our business arrangements with their border custom?, the least rhey can do is to give us the necessary facilities for doing our business with Brisbane. Mitchell's 10,000 sheep passed through here last week ; I hear tliey have been purchased by D. F. M'Kay, Esq ,of Buliamon. A fine flo^k of stud sheep have also passed upwards, the property of Mr. Eamsay, Euthella. I hear also of several mobs of store- cattle travelling down the Moonie, on their way to New South Wales. We have had a new " public" opened here lately (the fourth), and there is some talk of a new business firm. The more the merrier. I The St. George Amateur Christy's gave the I first of a series of entertainments the other night, i It was a complete success, both in an entertain ing and financial point of viow, upwards of £12 ' worth of tickets having been sold. It would be invidious to praise one where all were so deserv ing of praise ; suffice it to say that the whole affair seemed to be thoroughly appreciated by a crowded audience, especially the ghost of the pawnshop by Mr. Kirk. Some of the principal residents of the district had a meeting the other night at Cavenagh'a Hotel, for the purpose of endeavoring to obtain a separation of the electoral district of the Maranoa. Most present seemed to consider it advisable to endeavor to obtain a member for the Balonne,. and the idea was entertained of doing the thing on the Rock ampton principle, as in that case we should have no want of can didates for the honor of representing us. I know of at least one individual who would have no objection to the £300 a year arrangement. When I say Rockhampton principle, I do not mean the bilking arrangement but the real bonafide payment. Onr people would be ashamed to do that sort of thing ; we would not wish to disgrace St. George. 