DIOCESAN SYNOD. The annual session of the Synod was opened -on Tuesday morning, May 16, at St. Paul's Church, by the Lord Bishop. Service com menced at 11 o'clock, His Lordship being assisted by Archdeacon Marryat, the Very Rev. Sean Russell, and Canon Dove. The proceeds ■of the offertory will be devoted to the' Widow and' Orphan Fund. _ The Holy Communion having been administered, the Lord Bishop of -Adelaide delivered the following Pastoral -Address:— "Reverend and Lay Brethren— " The Prophet Daniel hasrecorded of himself that when the visions of the great empires of the world passed before hfa mind he was * troubled and astonished, but kept the matter in his heart.' We, too, have seen during the past year the fall of one empire and the rise of another. We have witnessed the passing away ■of the temporal sovereignty of the Pope. The States of the Church have been absorbed in a "United Italy, and Rome has once more become "the capital of a free and great people. With the political consequences of these events we in "this place, and on this occasion, have no concern; but their effect on the general interests of the kingdom of Christ may well occupy our. atten tion. ' The loss by the Papacy of its dominions must needs affect the mind of millions of "Christian subjects of the 1 Roman obedience.' Such a catastrophe after a possession of 1,114 years, touching nearly the feelings of one-half of Christendom, must also interest all who be lieve in the Corporate- unity of the visible Church of Christ. Nor are the ways of Provi dence in this dispensation to be overlooked. As the sword of one Frankish monarch in the 8th century transferred the States of the Church -thorn the King of the Lombards to the See of Rome, so the King of Lombardy has reannexed theft on the downfal of a French Emperor to the Crown of Italy. "Again, on the very day on which in St. Peter's certain Bishops claimed for the See of Rome spiritual dominion in matters of faith and morals over the mind of the whole world, war broke out between Germany and France. The foreign soldiery by which the .Papal Go vernment was supported were withdrawn, and Rome fell to the Kingdom of Italy by the votes -of its own citizens. Jt will be remarked also that not only France, but Spain and Austria, which as portions of the Latin Empire upheld for centuries the Papal Sovereignty, have fallen into the lowest state of political feebleness; while the sturdy vigour of the Lutheran Teuton has won for Germany pre-eminence in Europe. Infallibility may remain paramount in the Vatican; but an open Bible and a free Church are domiciled in Italy! "And are we to be told that there is ho hope for the faith or morals of Christen dom because we refuse to accept as in fallible the authoritative decisions of the Roman Pontiff? Rather let us listen to the witness borne by tbe distinguished Father Hyacinths to the fatal influence of that regimen. Time fall of France he has traced to the ' oppres sive and corrupted forms in which Christianity has been clothed' by it. This is the cause, he continues, ' why she is forced to remain without ' religion, and consequently without a constrain ing morality, between Ultramontanism and In fidelity.' The remedy he points out is 'the Sacred Volume open to the world to enlighten and fertilize it.' ' Why,' he asks, 'is it shut up in the obscurity of the dead languages, and under the seal of the most severe prohibitions? The bread of doctrine and of life, which God has prepared for the "little ones" as for the learned, how has it been with drawn from them? It is in vain to urge as a pretext the abuses of heresy and unbelief. Place -the Bible in its true relation to Science by an intelligent exegesis, and neither will have any cause to fear the other. "Place it in its own true relation to the people by a religious education worthy of it and of them, and it will become the surest guide of the life of the people, the healthiest inspiration of their worship.' These are noble words, and point out the gain to Italy and to the world by the fall of the temporal Papacy; for what believer in God's inspired Word can doubt of the eventual triumph of religion over infidelity; of morality over sen- sualism? " Nor is the prospect of reunion among the scattered branches of the Universal Church and intercommunion within their common pale darkened by tbe removal of the Pope's secular power. The language above-cited of the en lightened monk, Protestant as it is, in behalf of Ahs free study of Scripture, ecclesiastical reform, and liberty of prophesying,' still is consistent -with the warm feelings and sympathies of the \- Catholic churchman. He is not one who would . 'rend the seamless coat' of the Redeemer, though he refuses to base the Church's unify jon the assumed infallibility of the Roman Pontiff. Against that dogma he has entered his unalter able protest. His is a different standpoint. There may be Catholic agreement instead of a unity of absolute subjection. " A similar view has been presented to us by a thoughtful Essayist (Dr. Irons) in late -work entitled '"The Church and the Age.' Speaking of the Viable Church •of Christ in time future, he writes on this wise:—* The spiritual polity, begun by the Holy Ghost eighteen centuries ago, increasing from age to age by means of Divine gifts, and by the change of the human character through the conscience of the indi vidual—that "moral society" aiming to spread itself in all nations, and to extend a voluntary government of its own for the unity of its creed, and of its members, must, in order to do its work in the world "by raising the moral standard of mankind," recognise its own reality and unity as "an organic whole;" freed on the one hand from Sacerdotal tyranny, and on the other unfettered by Erasttan Government. Dintfnct, indeed, from the Governments of this world, it will nevertheless facilitate their work, by acting in its corporate capacity on individual consciences. ' The powers that be' of human society operate on the external life of man; the •Church penetrates the inner sanctuary of the soul, and by bringing men under law to Christ makes them subject to human laws for conscience sake.' "Primitive Church.—The Primitive Church, One Apostolic and Catholic, thus ameliorated rather than revolutionized the pagan world, and taught men in the * brotherhood of Christ' to love each other. The primitive Christians had one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of alL They formed one body, as there was in them one Spirit. They had. one hope of their calling, and with one mind and one mouth they glorified God wherever they assembled themselves together. The assumption of Supremacy by the See of Rome destroyed this unity. The dogma of infallibility tends not to restore, but to render it impossible. "Divested, however, of secular power, the Papacy can no longer repress enquiry, nor enforce the separation of its subjects from the other blanches of the Orthodox Church. Hence forth the respective positions of the Papist and the Catholic Churchman will be clearly defined. They will stand out as distinctly as does the 'Protestant now, who evolves from Scripture on bis own private judgment his faith and worship, owning no allegiance to the mind or usages, the creeds or liturgies, of Catholic antiquity for the interpretation of the written Word of God; nor relying on the external witness of the primitive Church in its corporate existence to the genuine ness and inspiration of the Scriptures them selves. Papism, Churchmanship, Individualism are the several forms into which-religious belief and practice will now crystallize. Which of these will be most influential in restoring unity to Christendom may be easily conceived. Yet. different and even opposed as they are to visible unity, Christianity, nevertheless, in its various forms witnesses for righteousness and peace and spiritual truth. It pleads the interests of man's immortal soul against the sensualism of a positive philosophy. If unable to prevent war it mitigates and soothes its horrors. It has banished in England the practice of duelling in private society, and it lifts "up its voice against the conflict of nations. It has abolished man- stealing and slavery. It recog nises the brotherhood of mankind by sending its and petty jealousies, could be merged in the wider sympathies, not of a fleeting Alliance, but the permanent unity of a world-wide Church, scriptiiral in doctrine and apostolic in Order, vast indeed would he the power of ' the kingdom not of this world. ^ The separation of the tem poral from the spiritual authority in Borne will have done something towards the accomplish ment of such an ideal. "Church of England and its relations to other bodies of Christians.—But, it may be asked, what signs does the world at present show of any such confederation of independent national Churches? In reply, I may say that during the last century our own_ communion has been gradually developing this system, in the United j States, in Canada^ in the West Indies, in Africa, in New Zealand, in Australia, in Scotland, and last of all, in Ireland, Churches independent ' on the State, having the same standards of doctrine, the same liturgy in substance and almost in form, the same principles of eccle siastical order, discipline, and law, are in full communion with each other in the bonds of the Gospel. They are all voluntary associations, self-governed and self-sustained. Of late also the ancient friendly relations between the orthodox Greek Church and the Church of England have been renewed and strengthened. If Cyril Lucar, Patriarch of Constantinople, sent in 1628 the Alexandrine manuscript of the Bible to oar Charles I., such friendly intercourse has been re-established by the interchange of Pastoral Letters between the present Patriarch and the Archbishop of Canterbury still more by the welcome, social and ecclesiastical, given to the Greek Archbishop of Syros and Tenos by the Heads of the Church on his late visit to England. "Church of Ireland.—Since the beginning of the present year the Church of Ireland has entered upon this free.career,anduotwithstanding the baneful influence in times past of political corruption, she. has shown herself capable of freedom and self - government. A more missionary spirit in defence, and inculcation of her reformed orthodox faith, will, it is expected, follow .on such freedom from the trammels of Establishment. From these examples we see how possible it is for free and independent National Churches to be one in the Catholic faith and Apostolic order, as_ well as . in full communion with each other, ministering at each other's altars, and as one brotherhood doing" the work of the ministry. It needs not the authority of a Supreme Pontiff deeming himself infallible -to secure such unity, much less the coercive Imperialism of Erastian government. " Historic Basis of the Church.—In the his toric basis of the Church of Christ, ' the faith once delivered to the saints,' *the form of sound words,' the threefold Apostolic Ministry transmitting to future generations the genuine writings of Apostles and evangelists; in the . specific trade-marks, so to speak, of Catholic I doctrine — 'antiquity,' 'universality,' and i 'consent' {'quod semper quod vMque^ quod , ab crmnibn$,)1 we have a sufficient guide in ; searching the Scriptures for all that is neces- i sary for salvation. Interpreted according to this rule they are the voice of God speaking to the individual conscience ; and against the Church so built up on the true Rock, which is Christ, the gates of hell shall not prevail, j "TheCatholicChurch.—Onegreatconfederacy, confessing one Lord, having one faith, one baptism, one eucharist, one ministry, one Spirit governing and sanctifying the whole body of Christ, the Churches of different countries and languages may freely do .their work of ex tending the Kingdom of Christ, and aiding each i other by interdependence and sympathy under the Chief Shepherd. Uniformity of custom or worship is not required; unity of faith and order, of mind and spirit, is indispensable. " Reunion of Protestants.—Here the question arises, should not such union first be sought among those Protestant bodies which, orthodox in faith, have separated from the national Esta blishment on various questions;such, for example, as '.connection with the State,' 'the triple order of the ministry,' 'Episcopacy itself,' 'the Sacraments and' Sacramental grace,' 'Paedo baptism,'' liturgical forms,' and other matters. To those who hold these institutions or arrange ments to be of purely Imaan. authority it mayseem almost a duty for the sake of peace and unity to ignore or compromise their existence. But such is not the mind or teaching of the Church of England in her formularies and services. "The "Visible Church.—The visible Church, with its appointed ministiy, sacraments, form of sound words, and inspired Scriptures, are of divine appointment. The Apostles, acting under plenary inspiration of the Holy Ghost, fulfilled in these institutions the instructions received from our Lord himself. ' He was seen of them forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God.'—Acts i. 3. In faith fulness, then, to our Divine Master, we dare not tamper with or ignore such Apostolic ordinances. "While we hold this faith we must act con sistently with it, and bear with patience all taunts of arrogance and intolerance, provided we are conscious to ourselves that we are acting not out of contention, bat in faith and dutifulness to Christ. Not in a self-seeking spirit, then, but in the interest of evangelical truth, the cleigy of the Church, of England feel themselves as a body constrained to stand on the historic basis of the. Church of the Apostolic age. To abandon it would only weaken the evidence for the Canon of Scripture, upon which religion and morals depend. " Binney Correspondence.—In 18581 discussed this question with the Rev. T. Binney (I trust in a friendly spirit), and pointed out certain con ditions on which alone I conceived the Church of England could give the right hand of fellow ship to orthodox Protestant Ministers, and admit them to minister her services and occupy her pulpits. I see no reason to depart from the convictions then expressed; but, on the other hand, much remains to be done before they can he expected to desire such, communion, or even take into consideration its feasibility. Leaving this contingency to the 'future,' I hail with pleasure the removal of any blemish in the Church of England itself which is calculated to perpetuate alienation, and to keep able and pious men from the ministry of our Church. ' Esta blishment' is no necessity for a Church's being or well-being. It has ceased in Ireland, in Canada, in Africa, and in Australasia. "Anglican Church in Australia Free.—The Church of England in this colony is free to regulate its ecclesiastical concerns by its own SynodL It is a voluntary Church. The lay members enjoy their proper influence in the Patronage, management of funds, and affairs of their own congregations. Parochial vestries are , independent of each other. Very many of the ; objections urged by the Puritans at the Savoy I Conference, April 15,1661, have been gradually removed. The declaration of Subscription lias been altered, the repetitions in the Service, unfrequeney of Communions, use of Apocrypha, the selection .of Lessons, have been amended. The Authorized version of the Scriptures is in course of revision. These changes, together with the decisions of the Privy Council on several points, as well as the recommendations of the Ritual Commission, will go a long way in removing things which heretofore have given offence. When nothing shall be left but what is agreeable to the Word of. God or the practice of the Primitive Church, 'all will have been done that can be done towards satisfying reasonable scruples.' "The Episcopate.—Nor will the Episcopate, sketched out in the Canons of 1603-4, aided, as it is, by the Presbytery, both in the exercise of discipline and the examination and ordina tion of candidates for Holy Orders, offer much ground of exception even to those who were the bitter enemies of a Laud or a Sharpe. _ " Happy, then, in her scriptural creed, primi tive liturgy, apostolic order, and comely ritual, the Church of England is so situated as to offer a basis of union available for many Churches now drifting from their ancient moorings. She may open wide the arms of comprehensive sympathy while standing steadfastly upon the 4 old ways.* Far from repudiating all fellowship with orthodox Protestant ministers, she has gladly welcomed of late several of distinction to her Orders. She has further invited the co-operation of others, being learned men, in the sacred work of re vising her authorised version of the Scriptures. The seeds of future reunion are thus being plentifully sown. -In the interim we must be content to hold each other in sincere respect and Chrstian regard, each being fully persuaded in his own mind, and waiting until the area of con troversy is reduced to a vanishing point. 44 Privy Council.—I have alluded above to the subject of Ritual aud to the decisions of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council upon various matters of doctrine and usage. Some of them are too recent, and at this moment are the subject of so much angry dispute, that I forbear to enter on them, until time has been given for a fair consideration of the conclusions arrived at. A few general remarks on the nature and mode of proceeding of this Tribunal may not be out of place. The Ghurch of England undoubtedly upholds the supremacy of the Crown 'overall persons in all causes.' As the guardian of property held in trust for National worship established on a certain system of doctrine, the Crown is bound to see that those trusts are duly carried out. Hence ecclesiastical questions must needs come before this Supreme Court of Appeal. Under the Mosaic revelation, the Lawgiver, the Judge, and the King exercised jurisdiction over the High Priest and his brethren. In vindication of his civil right freely to preach a new religion, St. Paul was not ashamed to appeal unto Caesar. Nor has any clergyman of our Church any ground of complaint, if 'the powers that be examine whether he fulfils 01- contravenes the trusts which he voluntarily undertook at Ordina tion. The Judicial Committee does not presume to make the law or doetrine of the Church. On the ordinary principles of legal construction it defines the meaning of rubrics or formularies. Judicial construction is then only open to Legis lative Mas when that meaning is doubtful and obscure. In such cases the writings of leading Divines of the Church itself in times past have been appealed to, and guided the decision— generally in favour of liberty and toleration. " Case of Hebbert v. Purchas.—It is to be re gretted, perhaps, that in the late judgment in the case of Mr. Purchas the decision has re stricted and narrowed, rather than tolerated or widened, the liberty of the minister as to the position in which be officiates. The view of the rubric taken by myself, in my judgment re garding the ministrations of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, has been entirely upheld; but I attach little importance to such matters. I agree with Dr. Goulburn, Dean of Norwich, that place, position, or vestment of minister cannot really affect euchanstic doctrine. Compliance, then, with the law as defined is a Christian duty. In the pre sent instance it involves no sacrifice of truth. The Rubric before it was judicially interpreted was manifestly doubtful and obscure, and there fore taught nothing clearly. "Objections to the Judicial Committee.— Objection is sometimes vehemently made to the remarks or reasonings introductory of the judg ment recommended to Her Majesty. It should be remembered that such remarks or expres sions form no part of it. They may be offensive, but bind no one to accept them. They form no portion of the law of tne Church. " There is, however, a doctrinal view of the Eucharist underlying these minute points of Ritualism _ which even the Archdeacon of Taunton himself has condemned as 'being an undue approximation to Home.' It is the local and material presence of the glorified Redeemer in the consecrated elements. Transubstantiation and Consubstantiation are both eliminated from the Eucharistic doctrine of our. Church. Yet spiritually to 'feed on Him by faith with thanksgiving,' and by means of the conse crated bread and wine, which are' effectuousr to the faithful recipient, so that 'he dwells in Christ and Christ in him;' 'he is one with Christ and Christ with him;' this is plainly taught in the Communion Office. Here is a presence spiritual and heavenly, not local and material, but of omni present Deity. Nothing external can alter this truth to those who receive it, neither the place where the officiating master stands or kneels, nor the position in which he celebrates, nor the vestment he wears. "General Results.—It may be well, then, here to summarize the judicial results of that Ritual agitation ' which has gone on during the last few years, and the changes, both in the external and internal condition of the Church of England which have taken place. Many of us are scarcely aware of the alterations, and few of other bodies of Christians care to be apprised of'them. The Colonial branches, then, of that Church are formally declared to be naesta blished. The Irish Church has been disesta- . Wished. Tithes have been long since commuted for a money payment. Church rales have, ceased as regards Nonconformists. With regard to the Liturgy, its various services may be used separately. Objections to length of them and ; repetition in them are thus obviated. A new and improved table of Lessons has been pre pared. A revision of the Authorized Version is set on foot; Eucharistic ritualism, in some particulars alluded to above, has been declared illegal. The damnatory clauses of the so-called Creed of Athanasius have been advisedly restricted to denial of the Catholic or Christian faith. Additional Offices for several occasions have been proposed, a better Hymnology intro duced, parents are admitted as sponsors, large parishes have been divided, insufficient endow ments augmented, stipends of curates supple mented, Theological colleges established, stricter examination of Candidates for holy orders re quired, parochial schools multiplied, and- the pupils instructed m definite religious truth,, as well as secular learning. "So many reforms gradually and almost silently brought about are not less important in themselves than hopeful for the future. The scruples of many good men have thus been re lieved. It has become evident that any alleged defect in the organization of the Church, its laws, its worship, its doctrine will meet with dispassionate enquiry, and lead to the removal of whatever can he proved to be contrary to Scripture or primitive usage. What else need be taken'away ? "For the sake of the truth of the Gospel, for the possibility of ultimate intercommunion of the Churches now separated from each other, our Church nevertheless must not abandon her historic foundation as a scion.of the Catholic and . Apostolic Church. To restore it to thai primi tive character was the object of our Reformers; and now she is a beacon light to many minds in Spain and Italy, which, unable to rest on Papal infallibility, are longing for Evangelic truth and a Reformed worship, without ceasing to be members of the Catholic and Apostolic Church. A Church, then, like our own, resting^ its claim to authority in matters of faith on Scripture, in terpreted, not merely according to individual opinion, but the consentient testimony of uni versal antiquity, may in God's providence meet and satisfy such a want. " It is easy as it is flippant to discard the witness of the primitive Church both to doctrine and usage. It is a ready weapon of controversy to claim for individual judgment the absolute right of interpreting Scripture as it thinks best. But let it be remembered that the strongest ex ternal evidence for the genuineness of the Scriptures is weakened in proportion as the cor porate existence of the Primitive and Apostolic Church is made light of. "Even the sand of the sea shore, drifting and unstable as are its incohesive particles, becomes a solid foundation when bound together by enclosing walls." Business Meeting. In the afternoon the Synod met at the Church Office, Leigh-street, for the dispatch of business. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide presided, and there was a large attendance of clergy and laity. THE SYNODAL BOLL. The Synodal Compact was signed, and the roll was made np as follows:— Holy Trinity, Adelaide — Rev. Richardson Reid, Rev. W. W. Ewbank ; Win. Gosse and H. D. Holmes (Synodsmen). Christchurch, North Adelaide—Ven. Arch deacon Marryat; J. Bath, J- S. Bellhouse, A. Cooper, and H. Y. Sparks (S.). St. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. H. M. Pollitt; J. Williams, J. K. Hawthorne, G. Colyer, and W. Shakespeare (S.) St. Paul's, Adelaide—The Very Rev. the Dean; J. Morgan and F. G. Smith (S.). St. Paul's, Port Adelaide—Rev. S. Green; H. Duncan and A. J. Edmunds (S.). St. John's, Adelaide—Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson; J. Pritcbard, T. H. Viney. J. Lyle, and J. E. Clinch St. Bartholomew's; Norwood—Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson; W. S. Moore (S.). All Saints', Hindmarsn—Rev. H. M. Pollitt; G. H. Catchlove (S.). St. Margaret's, Woodville — Rev. H. M. Pollitt. St. Andrew's, Walkerville—Rev. Canon Dove: C. B. Young (S.). St. Matthew's, Kensington—Rev. E. Jenkins; E. W. Meredith and J. Howell (S.>. St. George's, Woodforde—Rev. T. R. Neville. St. Michael's, Mitcham—Rev. Henry Read; L. W. Thrupp and N. Oldham (S.). St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Rev. W. H. Mudie: J. H. Wiles and W. Pound CS.l. St. Mary's, South-road—Rev. A. Honner; E. Thornber (S.). Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill — Rev. A. Honner; Frederic Wieksteed (S.). St. Peter's, Glenelg—Rev. F. W. Marshall; R. B. Colley and N. Blyth (S.). St. Stephen's, Willunga—Rev. E. K. Miller. St. Philip's and St. James's, Noarlunga—Rev. E. K. Miller; J. Mudge (S.). St. James's, Blakiston—Rev. H. J. Poole; B. Gray (S.). Christchurch, Mount Barker—Rev. H. J. Poole (S.). St. Thomas's, Balhannah—Rev. H. J. Poole; Thos. Pugh (S.). St. George's, Gawler—Rev. Canon Coombs; W. H. Lewis and T. O. Jones (S.). Christchurch, Kapunda—Rev. T. J. Smyth; J. Dixon (S.l. St. Mary's, Kooringa—M. MacDermott. St. Jude's, Port Elliot—Rev. E. T. Howell. St. John's, Mount Pleasant—Rev. W. A. Clayfield. St. Peter's, Robe—J. A. Fergusson. H. H. Thomas (S.). Christcliurch, Gambierton—H. EL Hughes (S-). - St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln—G. W. Hawkes jmd N. Blyth (SA Christchurcli, Yankalilla—Rev. C. W. Morse; F. Halcomb (S.). The following Churches are recommended by the Election Committee for union with Synod:— All Saints', Moonta—A. Spence (S). St. John's, Macclesfield—Rev. C. G. Taplin. St. Mary's, Echunga—Rev. C, G. Taplin. Holy Trinity, Riverton—Rev. J. Houghton. The following Churches are not yet in union with Synod:— St. John's Auburn—Rev. C. W. Hawkins. St. John's, Salisbury—Rev. W. Scott. Holy Trinity, Lyndoch—Rev. R. B. Webb. St. Peter's Collegiate School—Rev. Canon Parr, Rev. P. Williams. BKPOBT OF ELECTION COMMITTEE TO SYNOD. "The Committee place on the table the Synodal Roll certified as correct. "They have carefully examined the title deeds of the following churches, which have sent in memorials and certificates of vestry meetings, in accordance with Fundamental Pro visions No. 14 and Schedule C, and recommend that they be admitted into union with Synod:— All Saints', Moonta; St. John's, Macclesfield; St. Mary's, Echunga; Holy Trinity, Riverton. " They wish to draw the attention of the Chairmen of vestries to the necessity of more carefully filling in the certificates returning Synodsmen, and also of transmitting such returns within seven days of vestry meeting. "Some of the returns were not made in the form required by Synod. " Union with Synod.—Application for union should be sent on to the Election Committee, through the Secretary of Synod, before the first day of February in each year, so th^t all needful steps may be taken before the Easter vestry meeting. "R. B. Collet, Chairman." Mr. R. B. Collet moved— '* That the Churches mentioned be admitted to union with Synod, and that the Synodsmen nominated by them be admitted as members of Synod." Mr. N. Bltth seconded the motion, which was carried, DEATH OF MB. WINNALL. His Lobdship announced with regret the death of Mr. J. Winnall, a much- respected THE SECBETABJAT OF STOOD. t Tfig IiOBDSHEP announbed that the Rev. S. Green and Mr. G. B. Young had consented to undertake the Secretariat, and that the Rev. H. Read had agreed to report the proceedings of Synod in the absence of reporters. "DEPORT OF THE DIOCESE. TTis Lobdship read his annual report of the Diocese as follows:— "I congratulate my lay and rev. brethren that at no time previously since Z have admi nistered its affairs, has there prevailed so much of peace and union among the Churches, so frequent interchanges of ministerial service; and never at any time a more diligent performance of their sacred duties by the clergy. "Clergy absent on Leave.—El-health and absence on leave have indeed inconveniently shortened the supply of ordained clergy; but I must bear witness that the greatest readiness has been shown by incumbents to supply occa sional services in time of need and the ordi nances of the Church 'where lay readers have called on them for help. Auburn, St. Luke's, St. John's, St. Bartholomew's, and Glenelg have thus been supplied during the temporary absence of their incumbents. _ " Missionary Work.—In addition to my own extensive tours in various portions of the diocese dining the last 12 months, including Port Augusta, Port Lincoln, Port Elliot, and the South-Eastern District from Robe Town to Narracoorfce and MacDonnell Bay, special reports will be given yon of the mission journeyfe of the Rev. G. Dove to the districts north of Brough ton, and the Rev. C. Morse to Kangaroo Island. An extension of pastoral labour of this kind is especially needed. "New Churches.—At the Meadows,.Glenburn, and Strathalbyn new churches have been com pleted. At Wallaroo an addition made, doubling its capacity, and other churches and schools are designed. "Endowment.—The depressed state of the colony during 1870 has I fear lessened the incomes of some of the rural clergy ministering, to those who live by the produce of the soiL It is to be hoped that from the abundance of the present season some first fruits may benefit those who wait at the altar. This leads me to. remark that rural churches will never secure a settled ministry so long as the clergyman's very moderate stipend is precarious, and depends solely on the fruitfulness of the season or the fluctuations of trade. 'The labourer is worthy of his hire,' and he who cannot get it in one place will naturally try another. But endowment to the amount of £50 per annum would add to the comfort, and so to the permanency of the ministry. It should be remembered that here no incumbent can be forced on a reluctant congregation. " Widow and Orphan Fund.—In like manner the Widow and Orphan Fund needs augmenta tion in its Guarantee Reserve. It is desirable that a subscription list, running over three or five years for this purpose, which the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel sue prepared to subsidize to the extent of pound for pound up to £50 in each year, should be opened. ""Offertory.—While on the subject of clerical incomes it may be right to consider how far a system of uniform pew-rents may exercise an injurious effect in excluding some classes from our churches. A like proportion of payment from rich and poor towards the minister's support is not reasonable. The offertory indeed supplies to the former a ready means of special liberality in that respect, and would obviate the objection. The Home Mission Fund of the Synod might gradually, be augmented through the same channel.' Sittings, indeed, must be assigned to families attending the services, but it is not necessary or wise to make the subscription to the minister's support by all classes turn upon the number of sittings they occupy. All are interested in this matter, because an ill-paid clergy will be, in the long run, an ill- educated clergy; comparatively, therefore, of smalle influence, though pious and diligent. " Theological Students.—It has been my endeavour to offer facilities in connection with the Collegiate School of St. Peter's to Theo logical students, so that the Clergy ordained in this colony may go forth to the work of the ministry better furnished with the intelligent knowledge of Scripture and theology as well the history of the Christian Church and the English Reformation. I am happy to report that four young men of good promise are now pursuing their studies there, for whom I hope to provide more systematic instruction when the calls on the time of myself and the Chapter become less urgent. "Church Schools.—The subject of national education has been so fully discussed of- late that I need not dwell on it farther than to say that the British House of Commons decided by nearly two-thirds of its members that national education should be religious and not secular. Following in the spirit of that resolution, the MetropoHtan Board of London has decided that in rate-supported schools the Word of God shall be read, and explained in its plain grammatical meaning by the Teadhers, apart from special dogmatic formularies. In other parochial or denominational schools payment by results, together with non-interference in the religious instruction imparted under a conscience clause, is the wise and liberal end of controversy upon the subject. It is hoped that the experience of pure secular education in America may prove a warning to other Legislatures. In buildings raised and maintained by the liberality of indi viduals, it is also hoped that a solution to the diffi culty of admitting the religious element may be got over by the institution of voluntary classes for religious instruction, before or after the hours when the national school is being canied on. The Trustees or Managers of the par ticular school would determine the nature of the religious instruction imparted. The na tional system might then less injuriously be secular; as the better-disposed children and the more careful parents would take pains to avail themselves of the religious teaching thus offered. Of course attendance would be purely voluntary, not compulsory. After all, the old parish school, in which the Bible is read and the children catechized by their pastor, who in the course of his incumbency will probably have united in marriage the parents, baptized the children, prepared them for confirmation, and led the worship Sabbath after Sabbath, affords the best hope of training the young in the nur ture and admonition of the Lord. The result of instituting such schools during the year 1870 has been that above 1,000 children were thus brought under the tuition of their clergy in Church schools. And it is no disparage ment • to the useful body of school masters and mistresses to say that the association of the children of a parish with the clergyman and his wife in the daily course of their education would tend greatly to improve their behaviour, call forth their natural intelligence, as well as, it is hoped, discipline them more by religious principle than secondary punishments. I strongly, therefore, ' recommend and urge the Clergy to use their best endeavours to establish and take a share in teaching primary schools, which with their help can be well taught and managed by educated women. "Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister.—One other question affecting the relation of our clergy to the State must be mentioned. For years past strenuous efforts have been made to legalize marriage with a deceased wife's sister. Whatever opinion the clergy or others may hold as to such marriages being allowable or not by the Word of God, it is obvious that one law must pervade the whole British Empire. Until, therefore, the law is changed in England, it is improbable that it will be changed in this colony. The marriage is null and void. No clergyman of our Church, therefore, can be a party to such marriage. " The question, however, may arise, should the civil law be changed, while the law of the Church specified in the Table of Degrees in the Prayer book continues unaltered, whether the 'Lex loci' supersedes the obligation taken by the clergy at their ordination, and recognised in the Synodal compact. Such marriages will, it may be hcped, be fern, and no clergyman can be com pelled to solemnize them. In foro consdeidiai I do not think he ought. Nor would any hard ship result, as a civil marriage might still be contracted, and hold good in law. " It remains to add that the Synod has been incorporated under the local Act of Incorpora tion, and that the expenses of this, I believe useful proceeding, have been defrayed by" the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel." Archdeacon Marryat read the following report respecting the furniture, &c.;, of the various churches:— "May 16,1871. " My Lord—I beg to hand in a return respect ing the churches, parsonages, schoolhouses, glebes, and furniture of the churches in the Diocese. ''Returns have been sent in respecting 57 churches. The total number is 64; a few more may be expected, the delay in making these re turns having arisen in some cases from acci dental circumstances. In the accompanying table, which contains a digest of the returns, I have marked those churches which are conse crated, and the parishes which possess par sonages, schools, burial-grounds, and glebes. " I may mention that in many cases there is a doubt existing as to the consecration of the church and burial-grounds. Possibly the re turns on this subject may be made more com plete by reference to tbe Diocesan Register, the present incumbents not having the means of obtaining the necessary information. "The very great majority of the churches are well provided with reading-desks or lecterns,. table linen, and plate necessary for the adminis tration of the Lord's Stopper, books, registers, and musieal instruments. No less than 26 have no fonts, and many of the existing fonts are very small and insufficient for the immersion of an infant if desired. In 17 no surplices have been provided by the Wardens. " Very few churches, parsonages, or schools are insured. A difference of opinion may exist as to the necessity of insuring churches and schools, as the risk is very small of their catching fire; but this could not be said of the parsonage s This point, however, will be brought before the attention of Synod in the report on the duties of Churchwarden.—I have, &c.;, " C. Marbyat, Archdeacon of Adelaide;" DAYS AND HOURS OF MBKHNG. The days and hours of meeting were fixeSthe same as last year — Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays (except Thursday, May 18),. and Fridays, at 3 o'clock. On Wednesday, May 17, however, the Synod will meet at 2 o'clock. STANDING COMMITTEE'S REPORT. The Secretary (Mr. F. Wicksteed) read the annual report of the Standing Committee, which we subjoin, with various other reports included under this heading REPORT OF STANDING COMMITTEE TO SYNOD, 187L "The Standing Committee desire to submit to Synod their annual report upon the different matters referred to them by the last Synod, and upon those which have otherwise occupied their attention during the past year:— " 1. Incorporation of Synod.—This object has been accomplished, and the Committee-would draw attention to the safe and satisfactory mode now existing for the investment of church pro* perty of every bind and in all parts of the colony, by the simple conveyance of the same to ' The Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide, Incorporated,' which is now duly registered. Declarations of. trust would be given in the case of churches as nearly as may be in accordance with the provLions of the model Trust Deed. They have to-record that by the liberality of: the Hon. John Bentham Neales, M.L.C., the Synod has been pat in pos session of a piece of land at Glenelg, such pos session being deemed necessary to facilitate the incbrporation. "2. Validity of Marriages.—In compliance with resolution of Synod, May 27, 1870, the Lord Bishop wrote to the Chief Secretary to urge upon the Government to take the necessary steps to remove all doubts that had arisen- as to the validity of marriages celebrated by this and other Churches. In reply, the Chief Secretary wrote to say, that 'The Government having given the matter their careful consideration were of opinion that it was unnecessary to take legislative action, unless doubts which appeared to be quieted should again be raised and upheld, more especially as any Act such as that contemplated by Synod must necessarily have an ex post facto operation.' " 3. St. Asaph Fond.—Your Committee have again to record the liberal gift of £109 from the Right Rev. Bishop Short, late of St. Asaph, notwithstanding "His Lordship's retirement from the See and all its emoluments; and have to state that this has enabled them to complete thepayment of all the endowments in Schedule C advanced by the Attorneys of the S.P.G., except £3815s. due as part of the endowment of St. Paul's, Adelaide. " 4. Petitions to Parliament.—In compliance with resolution of Synod, petitions to Parliament, urging that in any future Ordinances religious instruction should neither be enforced ner prevented in schools receiving State aid, have been presented—the petition to the Legislative Council; on the 6th October, 1870, by the Hon. Wm. Morgan;: that to the House of Assembly, on the 9th September, 1870, by H. K. Hughes, " 5. Report on Parsonage-Houses. — Your Committee would recommend:—1st. That it be the duty of the Churchwardens in every parish possessing a parsonage- house to insure the same and see that it be kept in repair, and that for this purpose they should have the power of inspection from time to time. 2nd. That the Vestries authorize the Churchwardens to deduct a certain amount from the weekly offertory to form a fund to meet the necessary expenditure in o?-dinary repairs. 3rd. That all extraordinary repairs which maybe required be reported to the Vestry, to deal with as they think best.. " 6. Synodal Expenses.—They are happy to report that the amount received' during the past year has been within a few shillings equal to the expenditure, except so far as regards the expenses of incorporation, which "have- been generously promised by the Attorneys of the S.P.G. All the churches in which regular ser vices have been conducted have paid the amounts at which they were rated, with the exception of Hamilton, Brighton, Echunga, and Penwortham. The Committee recommend that the assessment be the same as last year, with the addition to Class No. 1 (£1) of the new churches at Meadows, Strathalbyn, and Glenburn. " 7. Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.—They are happy to be able to refer to the quin quennial report with satisfaction, and would particularly call attention to the proposal to raise the Guarantee Fund from £1,128 4s. 6d., at which it now stands, to £2j000. "8. General Church Fund and Home Mission. —They are happy to announce an improvement in the amount of the collections'in aid of this fund over that of last year, although it has fallen far short of that of the previous year. The amounts have been—1868-9, £170 ; 1869-70, £119; 1870-1, £148. Notwithstanding this im provement, the Committee have only been able to make grants in aid of clerical incomes to the extent of 61£ per cent, of the full scale.' . The plan of placing in the plate on the first Sunday in the month an additional amount (generally Is.), wrapped in paper to distinguish it for special application to this fund, has been, they believe, successful in the churches in which the experiment has been tried, the College Chapel and Christchurch amongst others. " 9. Mission to the Heathen.—The sum col lected in aid of this mission is on the whole satisfactory; and this is due chiefly to the inte rest taken in the Melanesian Mission. It does not, however, equal the collections in 1869. The amounts received were respectively—1868-9, £126; 1869-70, £90; 1870-71, £117. Special reports of the only missions which have been aided by this fund are published herewith. " 11. Endowment of Churches.—The Church of Holy Trinity, Biverton, has been endowed in the full amount of £500, and Christchurch, North Adelaide, in an additional £100, making up the sum of £500. The Committee are still open to receive applications for endowment and extension of endowment. " It will be seen frcm the following memo randum that exceptional advantages are offered for. the next six months t— " 'Resolution passed at Board Meeting of the Church of England Endowment Society on May 10,1871:— "'Resolved, that an offer, to be open for six months only, be made through the Synod to the different country and. suburban churches of the diocese not yet endowed to the lull extent or £50 per annum, to the following effect, viz.:— That this Society will be willing to give £300 to meet the S.P.G. Attorneys' grant of £50 and the parishes' amount of £150, so as to make up the endowment to £500; and also churches already partially endowed shall be aided in like manner. The above terms of assistance to be given to the extent of the expenditure of £1,400 now estimated as available income.' " 12. Schedule C.—They recommend that the following Churches, which have received aid in the amounts and for the terms stated below, be placed in Schedule C after June 30, 1872:— St. George's, "Woodforde, 11 years £196 5 7 St. Mary s, South-road, 12years... 195 9 2 St. Stephen's, Willunga, 9years... 176 17 1 St. Margaret's, Wood^ille, 11 years 368 9 11 St. Andrew's, Walkerville, 11 years 257 16 0 St. Michael's, Mitcham, 6 years .. 98 4 1 These Churches received notice of the intention of the Committee to recommend this step in September last, and none have shown cause for exemption except St. Mary's, South-road, and the consideration of this Church they hereby refer to Synod. "13. Schedule A.—The following Churches have been added to this schedule during the year:—Holy Evangelist's, Goolwa; St. Augus tine's, Port Victor; and St. James's, Glenburn. "14. Parochial Boundaries.—The Attorneys of the S.P.G. have purchased maps of all the hundreds in the province on a large scale, the use of which they have allowed the Synod, so that as it from time to time becomes necessary to define parishes the labour will be considerably alleviated. The special question of the boun daries of the Parochial District of Mitcham has been referred to a Committee to act with the Lord Bishop, and they have not as yet reported. " 15. Statistical Returns.—Your Committee are glad to be able to report a very marked im provement iu this matter. On the 9th May only three Churches had failed to send in their returns, and for two of these reasonable excuses have been assigned. " 16. Certificates of Eleetion of Synodsmen.— The duty of Chairmen of Vestries in this matter has been very inadequately performed, but as this comes more especially under the supervision of the Election Committee it will probably be commented upon in their report. "17. Union with Synod.—This subject also belongs more especially to the Election Com mittee. "18. The Table of Collections, &c.;—A refe rence to the table will make it apparent that some Churches hare omitted altogether to con tribute, and some others might weH increase their efforts. " 19. Reports of Select Committees.—'With regard to the reports of Select Committees appointed by last Synod, they have to report as follows:— . "Duties of Church wardens.—The Select Com mittee hare sent in report, which this Com mittee have ordered to be printed. "Extra-Parochial Districts.—The Lord Bishop to report. "Abolition of Pew-Rents.—The Committee have made little progress, having been awaiting: the arrival of returns from England, which have lately come to hand. They recommend the' appointment of another Committee. "Church Schools.—See report. "Religious Instruction in Schools.—A meet ing having been convened by the Lord Bishopj. at which the Rev. Messrs. Haining, Lyall, ana Binks attended, it was found after friendly dis cussion that no joint action was likely to be agreed on with reference to religious instruction in State-aided schools, definite systematic teach ing, Bible reading simply, and secular ins trac tion exclusively being advocated respectively by the different individuals assembled. "Poenindie Institute.—A report, which this Committee think will be the subject of great interest, will be found in another place." MELANESIA® MISSION BEPOBT FOB THE DIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. "Your Committee*have to report to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide the result of their abours during the year ending 31st March,. 1871:— " L The ainonnt remitted to Auckland for the Mission from this Diocese during the past-twelve months was only £200. A remittance has since beenmade of £60. . "2. The collections, as shown by the Trea surer's statement for the past year (appended hereto), amount only to £190 4s. 7d., showing a considerable falling off as compared with | previous years. " 3. Some few meetings in aid of the Mission j have been held in country parishes; bat with the exception of Christchwch, North Adelaide, and St. Paul's, South Adelaide, no special efforts have been made in Adelaide. One of the town Chorehes has not contributed. "4. It is proposed to reorganzie the Committee, and to bold a meeting in South Adelaide with a view of making vigorous efforts to help the Mission, which needs pecuniary aid and deserves our warmest support and confidence. " 5. The following extracts from the report of the Melanesian Mission, published in Auckland, for the year 1870, will be read with interest by the subscribers and other Churchmen of South Australia' The number of scholars almost exceeds our means of training them, especially during the four winter months. Eighty Melanesians were at Norfolk Island in charge of two missionaries. At such times the scholars are especially on their good behaviour, and the influence of the old lads and young men over the younger ones is fairly tested. The general health of the party has been good. Twenty-two have been baptized, among them nine girls. Eight have been confirmed; two were girls. Our'little church is already too much crowded. The Rev. George Sarawia (native clergyman) has 30 lads at his school at Mota.' He leads a good consistent life, and is greatly respected by his people. The.daily life of all the old scholars at Mota, the morning and evening prayers and hymns at Ara, and their conversation with rela tives and friends wherever they may be, are producing good effects. All our bid scholars, whom we wished to bring back after three or four months' sojourn with their people, are with us. They were all, thank God, preserved from falling into evil. There is no instance of any scholar disgracing Ms Christian profession.' " The Rev. C. H. Brook is chiefly engaged at the Florida and Solomon Group of Islands. He succeeded in establishing the independence of individual chiefs, and went from one end of the island to the other. There is a large popula tion. He opened a school, and gave reading, sheets to old scholars, who taught the little ones in their respective villages. Nine boys .chosen by him were forwarded to Norfolk Island, in addition to seven previously sent. "The Rev. J. Atkin visited a large number of islands in the Southern Cross (now made sea worthy), and stayed some time at "Wano Arosi (San Cristoal), Agi, and Maianta. " The missionary staff consists of the Bishop and six English and one native clergymen, and 17 native teachers. " The expenditure for the year ending 31st December, 1870, was for— Buildings, farm, clothing, provi sions, stipends, and wages ...£1,823 2 10 The Southern Cross repairs, stores, wages, &c.; 2,267 2 11 £3,590 5 9 The Receipts— A thankoffering ... ... ... 800 0 0 S.P.G. 325 0 0 Subscriptions from Australasian Colonies and New Zealand ... 1,539 7 11 From trusts, loans, Norfolk Island and St. Augustine's, donations and remittances from Herries and Co., &e.; ... ... ... 830 3 6 Balance 95 14 4 £3,590 5 9 " The Committee feel assured that all friends of missions to the heathen will rejoice to hear that Bishop Patteson's health is improved. Although not so strong as he was, he is able to engage in the onerous duties of his sacred calling. " In conclusion, the Committee "would urge upon their fellow-churchmen in South Australia to help the good work of evangelisingthe heathen in the great Pacific. "It is a great advantage to have one at the head of the Mission who possesses the con fidence of all who come within the reaeh of his influence. " The Committe appeal to the clergy and laity of this diocese for earnest hearty co-operation with them. "May the blessing of our Heavenly Father crown the efforts of all who are engaged, , in humble reliance on His help, in the work of making known His Blessed Son to those who as yet know Him not. " A Russell, Chairman." BEPOBT OF THE CHUBCH OF ENGLAND MISSION TO THE HEATHEN ABORIGINES. " The school at Lacepede Bay has been fairly attended during the past year. Miss Armstrong reports the present numbers to be five boys and five girls. Four boys, who were for some time inmates of the school, are now shepherding on the Coorong. Two girls have die have been veiy regular in their attendance; the boys less so, being frequently taken away for a time by their parents. " The Rev. H. Howitt,. Incumbent of St. Peter's, Robe, has visited the school, and. reports very favourably on the management, not only on the evident progress of the children, bat for their general appearance and behaviour. " The following is an extract from his report: —' I examined the copybooks, heard them, read, spell, and sing, &c.;, and asked them several questions on the life of our Lord, and. was very much pleased with the result. The discipline appears to be very good. I cannot but express a hope .that something will be done to prevent the ; closing of the school. It is evident enough, even on a very slight inspection, that real good is being done; and even though some of them may return to their wild, state, yet the good influences of the school will surely remain with them to a considerable extent, and tend to make them infinitely better than if they had always been left to their own devices.' " The institution- has cost during the year the sum of £142.4s. 3d. " The receipts during the same period, £148 13s. 3d., leaving in the hands of the Treasurer a balance of £6 9s. 3d. Expenditure, £142 8s.; less due last year, £59 9s. Total cost of year, if there are no liabilities, £8219s. " The building, which is of wood, is in a very bad state of repair, and extra1 funds are much required- to put it into proper order. " It is much to be regretted that this being the only Church of England Native Mission not self-supporting, that more assistance has not been given by the various Churches, only 18 having contributed towards it during the past year. "F. W. Marshall, " Hon. Secretary and Treasurer." REPORT OP MISSIONARY WORK IN EXTRA-PARO CHIAL DISTRICTS. " I have pleasure in laying the following information before Synod:— " In accordance with Fundamental Provision , No. 18,1 appointed Canon Dove to make mis-! sionary tours inj the extra-parochial district to the north of the Broughton, having taken him with me previously in June, 1870, through the stations as far as Port Augusta and Melrose. In September, 1870, and_ March of the- present year, he was able to visit those townships, giving on his last journey one Sunday to each. Thirty baptisms on his first tour and 17 on the second attest the need of pastoral care and of a resident missionary clergyman as soon as; possible. - "At Melrose an evening service on Sundays has been addedat his suggestion, bythe help of two approved lay readers. Until a "resident missionary can be appointed p&manently; to tins mission, I propose to send Canon Dove three times a year to parts of this very extensive district, and especially at shearing feme to the stations. "At Narracoorte and Ponola arrangements have been made by the members of the Church of England to contribute £145 towards the i stipend of a missionary who shall divide his Sunday ministrations between those places. I propose to supplement this sum to £200, and t» appoint the Rev. F. W. Marshall, when in priest's orders, to this missionary cure. " I regret to say that I hare been tumble te send any clergyman along the "Western Coast. Since Mr. -Webb's last visit in 1869 no clergyman tins been at liberty, to undertake this long and fatiguing jdnrney. Meanwhile Mr. O.-' K. ■ Eichardson, lay reader, conducts the services at St. Augustine's, Streaky Bay. The travelling expenses ■ connected with these and other mis sionary excursions are. defrayed out of the 'Missionary Chaplain Fund,* allowed by the S.P.G. Attorneys and the Thorngate Bene faction. " There is great need of a missionary clergy man, who should supply services at the Gaol, Destitute Asylum, Hospital, Lunatic Asylum, Reformatory, and Industrial Schools at MagilL The occupants of these places can hardly be said to be residents in any parish. Hitherto the kindly zeal of" the parochial clergy has done much to supply the want, but it is to be hoped the time is not far distant when the. remuneration offered for the discharge of these duties will secure a missionary clergyman licensed to this duty. " Missionary forage allowance assigned by the S.P.G. Attorneys to the following districts— Kangaroo Island, Robe, Port Wakefield, Myponga—will, it is hoped, spread the services of our clergyman over a larger area of the pro vinee. " Mr. Howitt, from Robe, visits the country within a radius of 35 miles from the- township, including Lacepede Bay. " Port Wakefield and Hoyletoa are placed under the Rev. C. W. Hawkins, of Auburn. " Kangaroo Island is visited occasionally by the Rev. C. Morse, whose reports show the large amount of missionary work to be done. He will again shortly visit the Island. " Other districts, such as Truro and Blanche town, need pastoral care, which I hope to supply when the otisting parishes are again occupied by settled ministers and more clergymen are added to our body. "A. Adelaide." BEPOBT OF GHUBCH SCHOOLS COMMITTEE, 1871. " The Committee have to report that Church day schools have been established in 15 parishes; that there are seven schoolrooms the properly of the Church, in which secular er licensed schools are held, and four that are at present used solely as churches. "The chief hindrances to- the establishment of Church schools in country districts are—-1. Want of funds and the difficulty of competing with schools that receive Government aid. 2 Insufficient population to support a denomi national school. 3. The fact that many of the licensed teachers are active members of the Church. "The Committee believe that it is the duty of the Church to instruct her children in her doctrine and usages, and therefore suggest that the teacher's salary is oae of the "pious and charitable uses" to which the offertory may be devoted. "The Committee have received valuable suggestions towards united diocesan action. "They would specially thank the Rev. C. W. Morse for bis valuable 'report of the progress of his schools, extracts from which will show the possibility of establishing schools in poor country districts." STANDING COMMITTEE. The Scrutineers reported the election of the following members of the Standing Committee: —Clergy—Yen. Archdeacon Marryat, the Very Rev. the Dean, Revs. H. Read, S. Green, Canon Dove, D. J. H. Ibbetson, Canon Farr. Laymen —Hon. A. Blyth, Messrs. W. Gosse, J. Bath, F. G. Smith, G. M. Turnbull, H. Duncan, C. B. Young, L. W. Thrupp, N. Oldham, F. Wick steed, R. B. Colley, N. Blyth, M. MacDermott, and J. A. Fergusaon. Auditors—Messrs. R. B. Colley and A. Spence. Treasurers—Messrs. H. Button and G. M, TurubulL Secretary—Mr. F. Wioksteed. MISSIONS TO THE ABOBIGINES. His Lordship said he wished to bring under the notice of a Synod a report fwm Mr. Holden, the Superintendent of the native institution at Poonindie, from which it appeared that there were 65 inmates, natives and half-castes. The institution was self-supporting, and there were only one white cook and one white ploughman. Two thousand acres were under cultivation, and 11,000 sheep were depastured. The ages of the inmates varied from infants to 35, and in the last celebration of the Holy Communion 23 persons partook. Since then an excellent young man, aged 35, had died. Several of the inmates of the institution had had families of two and three children horn there, which showed that the curse of sterility did not follow the -civiliza tion and Christianization of the natives. They had also endeavoured to extend the influence of Church teaching to Lacepede Bay, the institu tion there being under the charge of -Miss Armstrong, an excellent Matron. The Rev. H. Howitt, who had only lately been appointed to Robe, intended visiting it once a month, and said it ought to be by no means given up. Twelve children were in attendance, who were very well taught. He believed under the influence of Mr. Howitt the ladies of Robe Town would give their support to the institu tion in the way of clothes as heretofore, and some of the native children, of whom there were many at Robe, might be added to-the school. At the moment there was more prospect of its being extensively useful than hitherto, and he commended it to the attention of Synod as deserving of support. ELECTION COMMITTEE. Archdeacon Marryat, the Rev. H. Read, Messrs. Colley, Thrupp, and N. Blyth were appointed the Election Committee for the ensuing year. THE LATE ME. "WINNALL. The Standing Orders having been suspended, Archdeacon Maeryat said many of them felt quite shocked at the announcement of the death of Mr. Winnall by His Lordship just before. He had only been ill a short time, and the news of him was favourable up to last night, so that his death had been very sudden. Mr. Winnall was a quiet retiring Christian, but at the same time an earnest, active, and liberal man, such as was the pride of their Church. He had always been an active member of the Christchurch congregation, and was a man whom no Synod and no congregation could afford to lose without regret. He therefore moved—" That this Synod desires to express its heartfelt sympathy in her sadden bereavement with the widow of the late John Winnall, who was for many years a member of Synod." Dean Russell desired especially to second, the motion, as he had been "brought into very close intercourse with Mr. Winnall. It must be now at least 14 years since they were asso ciated in carrying on the work at St. Bartho lomew's, Norwood. He remembered the way in which Mr. Winnall worked for the Church, and that he actually carried out on his own shoulders the first lectern used for divine service, so eager was he. He had known him since then in various relations. During the time Mr. Winnall was at the Burnt, he (the Dean) having in terested himself in the Lancashire Relief Fund, received a letter, stating that so long as the operations of the Committee were carried on, the writer would send £1 per week,. which he after wards discovered came from Mr. Winnall. He had known of his singularly humble-self distrustful character, and that he had gone about doing good in every direction. He had. known that he was a most liberal master and an. excellent husband and friend—a most kind hearted and affectionate man whenever any chality came under his notice. He deeply regretted his removal, for he was one of those men he looked upon as the salt- of the com munity, and he desired to express his heartfelt sympathy with the very excellent woman who had been wife for so many years. Mr. G. W. Hawkes could not give his vote without bearing testimony to the worth and. goodness of Mr. Winnall. He was Sunday School teacher with him at St. Bartholomew's for some years, and he always- esteemed him very mucli for his consistent Christian line of conduct. Therefore he wished to express- the sympathy he felt for his widow and her family. Mr. MacDebmott having witnessed tha liberality of Mr. Winnall, and his- private conduct for several years past—especially at St. Mary's, Kooringa, where he was most energetics in promoting the interests of the Church: and of all charitable^ objects—begged to express his strongest support of the motion which had been made. The fiev. D. J. H. Ibbetsojt endorsed every word which had been said. For some years be was associated with Mr. Winnall at the Burra,* and he did not think any one could speak in to» high terms of. his Church principles and quiet unobtrusive mode of carrying out Ins charity. He was one to whom he felt the prosperity of the Church at Kcoringa was to a great- extent indebted, and he felt with, Dean Russell the very greatest sympathy with his bereaved widow, and trusted Synod would convey to her their sym pathy on this occasion. Mr. J. S. Bellhouse, as a member of Christ church, North Adelaide, stated that Mrs. Winnall would have the deepest sympathy of the congregation His Lordship could hear out, from the little he had seen of Mr. Winnall, that he was a. humble Christian, devoted to the work of his. Master. The motion was carried unanimously. The Rev. H. Read suggested that -Synod should adjourn for the occasion of. the funeral. THANKS TO THE BISHOP. Mr. H. K. Hughes, M.P., moved— "That the of Synod are due to His Lordship the Bishop for Vs valuable pastoral address and report, which, with the statistical re tarns, be printed 111 the report." Be believed their feeling was so unanimous on the subject that they might almost pass this as a, matter of form without remark, for the carefol. research evinced in the preparation of the docu ments placed thqm above all ordinary terms of. eulogy. Mr. M. MacDebmott seconded, and the motion was carried. STANDING COMMITTEE'S BEPOBT. On the motion of Mr. B. Collet, the report of the Standing Committee was received and ordered to be printed. balance-sheet. Mr. R. B. Collet moved that the balance theet of the Treasurers of the Synod for the year ending Easter, 1871, he received, adopted, and printed. Carried. VOTES OF THANKS. On the motion of Mr. COLLET. it was re solved— "That the thanks of Synod be given to the ' Attorneys of the S.P.G., the Trustee of Allen's. P.A. Fund, the Committees of the Melanesian | Mission,_ Lacepede Bay Native Mission, and the: Theological and Ecclesiastical Library, and the , Trustees of the Poonindie Institute, for their ,j report and statistical returns, and that they be . received and printed in the report." , His Lordship returned thanks. SYNODAL EXPENSES. _ Mr. R. B. Collet moved— "That the assessment for Synodal expenses he., the same as last year, with the addition of . Churches to Class 1 of St. George's, Meadows.; Christchureh, Strathalbyn; and St. James's, Glenburn (£1 each)." Carried. . Mr, N. Bltth moved— '5 That St. George's, Woodforde; St. Mary s, South-road; St. Stephen's, Willunga; St. Mar garet's, Woodville; St. Andrew's, Walkerville; and St. Michael's, Mitcham, be placed in Schedule C, in compliance with the recom mendation of the Standing Committee." He pointed out that the effect of this would be to deprive these Churches of the aid which they new received from Synod. He considered that they had been sufficiently long established to .-dispense with this aid, which ought to be given "to younger. Churches which were now coming into existence. He referred to the fact that the -carrying of this would not be a great depriva tion to the Churches, inasmuch as it would be .seen that the Church Endowment Society had nesolved that an offer should remain open for six months, the terms of which were that a "Church. raiting £150 would secure £50 a year for the next ten years, and the carrying of the motion would .stimulate them to raise the requisite amount. His Lordship, Hi reply to the Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, said the money now Invested by him self andSir John Morphett, as Trustees of the Allen Fund, amounted to between £7,000 and -£8,000. The additional parochial endowment, -the capital of the Endowment Society, and that of the St. Asaph Fund, now amounted to £7,000 or £8,000, so that they could say the capital of endowment amounted to about £18,000. The Rev. E. T. Howell suggested that Christ church Gambierton should be added to the resolution, as, .although it was a young Church, it was almost the metropolitan Church of the South-East; but it was pointed out that it would not be fair to do so without notice having been given. Mr. E. Thornber moved, as an amendment, that St. Mary's be struck out of the resolution, as the Church was poorer than when it first received aid. Mr. H. K. Hughes seconded. Bean Russell advised the congregation to make an effort to raise the £150, or even borrow it, so as to secure the full endowment. After some discussion, the motion was carried as proposed. ■CLERGY WIDOW AND .ORPHAN FUND. The .Synod having gone into Committee, the first quinquennial report of the Standing Com mittee of Synod on the state and prospects of "the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund was read as follows " L The trust-deed (clause 2) provides that every five years there shall be laid before the Synod a special -report of -the state and prospects of the Fund, with a view to regulate the amount of the annuities for the next period of five years. "2. The Committee have referred aU the accounts to an Actuary {Mr. John Brown), and he reports :—'The present state of the Funds authorizes a continuation of the annuities at £30 per annum, after putting aside a sum of £34 per annum to meet current expenses.' The Actuary's report is founded on a calculation of interest on investments at 5 per cent, per annum. " 3. 'The Committee recommend the adoption of the Actuary's report; they also recommend a payment of £30 per annum to the Secretary, and a sum not exceeding £5 5s. per annum to the_Auditors. In doing so, they beg to tender iheir thanks to Mr. Wicksteed, who has acted as Secretary for five years without remuneration, and to those gentlemen who have acted as Auditors and Investment Committee during that <£>£XiO(i. " 4. The Committee recommend that every exertion should be made to raise the Guarantee Fund to £2,000 (now £1,128 4s. 6<L) "5. The Committee recommend that the Forfeiture Clause, No. 3, be amended by alter ing 'two years' payments are in arrear' to 'one year's payments are in arrear.' The Committee regret that hot all the clergy in the diocese are subscribers to the Fund, and recommend that His Lordship the Bishop be requested to use his influence to induce all clergymen entering the diocese to become subscribers to the Fund, especially as under clause 9 any subscriber removing from the diocese can receive back half the amount he has paid. "7. The Committee recommend that the Secretaries of Synod and Endowment of Churches Fund be authorized, with the sanc tion of the Standing Committee, to stop any -funds passing through their hands to pay any premium that may be in arrear. "8. The Committee recommend that the term of leave of absence to clergymen from the colony be restricted, as far as this fund is con cerned, to 18 months; except under special circumstances, to he determined by the Standing Committee. "C. Mabryatt, Chairman." The report was passed, the House resumed, and the report was agreed to. EDITING REPORT ON SYNOD. Mr. C. B. Young moved— "That the Very Bev. the Dean, Bev. S. Green, Mr. Colley, Mr. Neville Blyth, and Mr. ^Wicksteed be a Committee to edit the .Report of Synod, and that it be an instruction to them to incur as little expense as possible." Carried. pahsonage-houses. Mr. E. B. Colley moved— " That the recommendations of the Parsonage Houses Committee be adopted by Synod." Mr. J. White seconded. Carried. DESIGNATION OF CHORISTERS AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. The Bev. Canon Fare gave notice that— " A form of service having, as appears from advertisement in the public prints, been used in -St. Paul's" Church, Adelaide, for the admission of persons to be members of the choir," and asked the Bishop "whether such service was previously made known to the Bishop, and approved by him." TTi« Lordship replied that he had no know ledge of the service beyond what he had seen in the papers. The Bev. Canon Farr then called the atten tion of the Synod to this irregularity, and moved that— " In the opinion of this Synod no Liturgical Services should be used in any church (unless by leave or direction of the Ordinary) other than those which are contained wholly in the Prayer Book, or which may be taken from or consist of the very words of Holy Scripture." He wished to remark in the first place that R the sanction of the Ordinary had been received his ground of objection would have been taken away, but as it had not been obtained he felt compelled to move the resolution he had tabled. He also wished it to be understood that his objec tion was not to the service or to the form of service. The position he took was this—that an irregularity had been committed, inasmuch as a service had been conducted which was not laid down in the Book of Common Prayer, and which bad not received the sanction of the Bishop as Ordinary. His reasons for bringing this matter forward were perhaps reasons why some would think he ought not to have brought it forward. He preferred to select such a high personage as the Dean rather than some younger or more inexperienced person, because it should not he said that they overlooked an irregularity in the one and could not do so in the other. (Hear.) He had no doubt he should suffer in the reply which would be made to bis remarks; hut be that as it may, he felt that the friendly intercourse^ he had had -with the Dean would disabuse his mind of the idea that he was actuated by any hostile intention. (Hear.) He felt that the passing oyer unnoticed any inno vations ia their services would tend to let in the little drop of water which by and by might become a great stream. (Hear, bear.) The irregularity itself needed little proof. They had subscribed to use the form as laid down in the Book of Common Prayer, and none other, and their own trust-deeds recognised the same thing, for in them there was not a word said about any other service than that contained in the Book of Common Prayer. No doubt there was a discretion necessary, and that was piven to the Ordinary. If application bad been made to the Ordinary, hia^objection would have been removed; bat as had not been done, and if no notice were taken of the matters, others might be led to follow in the Dean's track, and there was no telling where they would stop. (Hear.) The service was not a quiet or private one; it was advertised, and as well made known asitcould be; and although he did not know that any other clergyman had attempted anything of -the kind, yet if they passed it.-over without ex pressing their opinion that the course pursued was an unwise one they might drift into prac tices much more irregular arid objectionable than this one. It was to prevent the occurrence of irregularities that he brought forward his motion. It was absolutely necessary that they should have the means of checking here one form of prayer and here another—good, it may be, in themselves, yet unauthorized and unex amined before being used. It was the unchecked use of these forms that caused diversities, and led to so much schism in the Chtfrch. (Hear.) The -resolution was so worded that it would not in any way confine the liberty which a clergyman had at the present moment. It would enlarge rather than restrain his liberty. They could do nothing beyond that which was laid 'down in the Book of Common Prayer with out the sanction of the Ordinary. There was no objection to a clergyman taking the service -wholly from the Book of Common Prayer, or to his rising psalms of bis own selection. Of course he was now alluding to public services; he was not referring to prayer or private meetings. It might perhaps make them feel that Ire was not prompted by any hostile feeling in the matter if he stated.that his resolution was taken almost word for word from the direction given by their Lordships, the Bishops of Rochester and Win chester, .in regard to the twelve days' London Mission services; and he thought their Lord ships, above, most others, might be trusted to , know what restraints should be placed upon any I movement concerning the Church or the eatholic truth. .Hoping that the words he had said would lead them to hold by their laws and keep to the rules, he would move the resolution which he had tabled. (Hear, hear.) Mr. H. D. Holmes seconded. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson fully endorsed all that Canon Parr had said, and he did so not from any feeling against the Dean, but because he thought if such proceedings were not checked in tire bud, they would by-and-by cease to re cognise the Church of -England: in the mode in wmch the sanctuary was conducted. There was no -censure cast upon the Dean in the resolution, '■ and he thought the Synod must be convinced of ' the necessity of taking some notice of it. Mr. J. A. Ferguson hoped he should hot be thought presumptuous in saying a word .or two upon the motion. He with others could not help regretting that Canon JFarr had brought the matter forward, although the very mode rate manner in which he had . spoken might lead many to modify their views. The motion, however, would unfortunately have the effect of presenting the aspeet of a divided Synod. (Hear.) Whether it was calculated to promote truth he did not Enow; but ibis he knew, that it was not calculated to promote unity andj concord. (Hear.) When it was tfrst noised' abroad that Mi*. Farr intended to bring the report before Synod, he thought it was almost incredible that a neighbouring clergyman should make a public attack upon one who, at any rate, set a bright example as a parish priest and clergyman. (Hear, hear.) He thought it was unfortunate that any time of the Synod should be taken up in discussing the question. He thought a private letter addressed to the Dean or His Lordship would bare been suffi cient. (Hear.) He considered the subject of education alone might well occupy their atten tion for. the whole of the week; and then the Teporisjot Canon.Dore and Mr. Morse about the ^remote districts showed that to provide mis ^saonary ^a^pqr.jvas in itself a problem not easy to . solve. Then-hfeey bad had their attentionjcalled to the fact that there was no provision for services in the Hospitals, Asylum, and other institutions, and to discuss how that could be done would be better than the discussion of this motion. (Hear, hear.) In this colony, which was founded at a time when the Chureh of England was more lax irpractice, and when its services were performed in a more slovenly way than now, there existed great ignorance as to Dhurch services, and it really amounted to this—^that where a clergy man was distinguished by zeal or care that his services should be performed decently and in order, people conjured up ideas of imaginary ritualism. (Hear, hear.) "His Lordship—There has been no insinuation of that kind. Mt.Fergusson—Then again—notwithstanding a remark in TTis Lordship's address—it was true that other bodies of Christians in this colony showed a rancour and bitterness of feeling towards the Church of England, which had no. parallel in England, Scotland, or Ireland, and yet they found these bodies praying that they might, although divided now, eventually belong to one fold, and he under one Shepherd. It ought to be their aim to promote unity, and they could afford to he magnanimous and meet half-way those who differed from them. How could the Education question be settled unless the Church of England agreed to meet other denominations ? He must utter his j protest against this resolution, although if au irregularity had been committed it should not pass unnoticed, and he hoped the example set them by Canon Farr might be taken rather as a ■warning than a precedent for future years. (Bear, hear.) The Rev, Mr. Howell said an attack had been made upon a particular service, as if some thing eroneous or heretical had been introduced into it. His Lordship—Canon Farr expressly stated that he laid no charge against the service. (Hear.) The Rev. Mr. Howell was at a loss to under stand why the motion had been brought for ward. (Hear, hear.) It was coupled with the Dean's name, and. he could not help deprecating the discussion of general principles with au attempt to give them a specific application. He agreed with Mr. Fergusson that a private com munication to His Lordship would have answered the purpose Mr. Farr had in view, and the matter could have been brought before the Synod when the emergency arose. He would therefore move the previous question. The Rev. B. B. Webb pointed out that according to the duties of Churchwardens, rs laid down by Lord Stowell, they had no right to interfere in any alleged irregularity, the Ordinary alone having the power. He could not see what right Canon Farr had to interfere in the matter, as he was not in any way con nected with St. Paul's Church. Then, again, an accuser should come into Court with clean bands, and this Canon Farr could not do, for he had allowed irregularities which were contrary to the Church of England and to their ordina tion vows—at any rate in one instance, and that one instance was, above every other thing, a pledge to banish and drive away strange doctrines. He thought a public examination of persons for the Baptist ministry was not cal culated to drive away false doctrines. (A. laugh.) If the motion were carried, he should think seriously about the matter of defect. He had heard that morning prayer was said in a suburban church, and that there was no licany or ante communion service, but that there was a very long sermon. If, therefore, they took irregularities in one way they must take notice of them in another way. (Hear, bear.) He thought the motion trenched, upon His Lord ship's prerogative; and if any one had a grievance in respect to such questions, His Lordship and not the Synod was the proper authority to whom to appeal. He should support the previous question, which would have the effect of reverting the matter to His Lordship's decision. (Hear.) The Rev. S. Green thought they were bound to consider that Canon Farr had a right to bring forward any motion he pleased, so long as it was not contrary to their consensual compact, but he regretted the mode in which it had been brought forward. If any one had wished to pro pose it it could have been more pleasantly done by asking the .question privately, and then moving the resolution without any reference to St. Paul's. In that way it might have been almost unanimously agreed to, but now they could not dissociate the motion from the question, and the idea that Canon Farr wished to give what they called a backhanded slap at the Dean. No one had a more distinct vocation than Canon Farr. It was his duty to train up Christiangentlemen, and it would be impertinence in him to say he did not do that—(Hear)—but he thought it would have been in better taste if Mr. Farr had left the matter for some parochial clergyman to have brought forward. Some time ago an important motion was passed that clergy men should adhere to the rubrics of the Church of England. He did not think that had been of much value—(laughter)—and if this resolution were carried, it would be of little or no value. The Synod could express an opinion, but its resolution was not binding. He should there fore support the previous question. It was a pity that their attention should have been called away from important subjects to such a frivolous matter as this. Moreover, he questioned whether it was an irregularity, for, as far as he understood it, a clergyman was at liberty to use any service at other hours than his regular service hours, provided such service was not opposed to the Book of Common Prayer; aud he did not apprehend that the services at St. Paul's was contrary to that Book. Because, therefore, of the attack^—unintentional, no doubt—which the resolution implied upon the Dean, and because of its uselessness if passed, he should support the previous question. The Very Rev, the Dean thought it would be better that he should speak sow rather than postpone his reply till others had spoken. 3£ he; regretted exceedingly^ that the resolution had * been brought forward it was not with any con- ' sideration to himself. He might state that: Canon Fair spoke to him about the matter, and' he told him he had better bring it forward, but he did not know till that evening the form in ■> which it was to be couched. He regretted that : it had been brought forward on two grounds— ; first, because it diverted the Synod from work ■ which, as Mr. Fergusson had so well put it,; should more properly engage its attention; and, secondly, because there was a danger of the 1 Synod descending into a vulgar debating club ' on every irritating topic. (Hear, hear.) In. the • first place he wanted to know how this notice appeared printed before the meeting of Synod, ' because it was in his opinion calculated to bias . the minds of those who would otherwise have come unprejudiced. Then he would ask Mr. Farr how he dared^ to call it an irregularity until he bad proved it to be one. (Hear.) He had listened attentively—and he trusted they would not mistake his excitement for angry feeling— to what Mr. Farr had said, but he had listened in vain to hear him make good his petition. He had not brought forward a single item of evidence to show that he had used a liturgical service other than that which was in the Prayer Book. He had come there simply to express an ignorant prejudice which he, as a scholar and a gentleman, ought to have denounced. (Cheers.) He did not remember at that moment the com position of the service, but he got the idea from the Rev. Walsingham Howe, and no one would impute to that good man any connection with the extreme party of the Church, If the service were not framed in the words of the Prayer-Book, its spirit was gathered from it. Canon Farr had referred to the direction of the Bishops of Rochester and Winchester in reference to the twelve days' mission; but that concerned a different state of things altogether. He could bring forward proof that his service had not been disapproved by either of those Bishops. On the contrary, he knew that the reception of choristers had taken place in their dioceses by their sanction. Mr. Farr had called attention to the fact that the services had been advertised. When he arrived from England he was determined that none of his services should be advertised, and he had adhered to this with the exception of this occasion, when circum stances necessitated its being advertised. He wondered at the distinction which Mr. Farr drew between public and private meetings. When he had candidates for confirmation he sometimes used a few words of extempore prayer, and yet, because they were not in the . Prayer-Book, would Mr. Farr say he was break ing bis ordination vows ? He bad held prayer meetings in which every prayer had been extempore. His Lobdship—Mr. Farr specially excepted prayer-meetings. The . Very Rev. the Dean—He was showing he had ho right to except them. If he pre vented him from holding such a service as that referred to he would prevent him from holding , other services. He, however, charged Mr. ; Farr with being an accomplice in this innovation, for he joined in a special missionary service which had been proposed by the Bishop of New Zealand. (Mr. Farr—" Where was it held?") It was held in a public schoolroom; but if Mr. Farr was going to iinport .new matter into his reply, and draw a distinction between conse crated buildings and uneonseerated buildings, it was not fair. Then, again, what was he to understand from prayers contained wholly iu the Prayer-Book—that each full service was to be kept to in its integrity, or that a bit was to be taken here and a bit there, making a kind of mosaic service? .He thought that was what Mr. Farr had been in the habit of doing at the College Church. He would ask him whether he had not been in the habit of making his own selections? The Rev. Canon Fare—I used the service until the Bishop ordered otherwise. His Lordshdp—College Chaplains are always The Very Rev. the Dear would explain the meaning of the service. He had a number of boys who could sing, and he wished to train them up in the service of song and to aid in their religious edification His Lobdship—This is all beside the question. Canon Fair made no objection to the service. The Veiy Rev. the Dear — Did any man believe that if the resolution was passed it would not be accepted as a censure upon him? (Hear.) Canon Farr wanted to restrain him to a narrow line of argument; but he would not submit to it. He found in England that the service had been adopted by men of exceedingly moderate views, end that great good had been derived from it. In connection with his own Church the result had been such as abundantly to satisfy him that he had taken a right course. If they passed the resolution they would hinder him and others from exercising their right and just spiritual influence upon those under their charge. (Hear, hear.) Mr- Wicksteed explained that the notices of motion were printed in accordance with a reso lution of Synod. Mr. G. W. Ha wees must say that Canon Farr had brought forward the matter in a very tem perate and reasonable manner. (Hear.) Perhaps, however it would be wise not to put the resolu tion, as it would probably be a nullity, and it might work mischief by leading them to discuss their different isms instead of the real business of the Synod. (Hear.) He did not think justice had been given Mr. Farr for the manner in which he had treated the question, He believed he had brought it forward solely with the inten tion of serving the Church, and he had done a bold thing in referring to the matter now rather than waiting until some poor. incumbent had been pitched upon. He rejoiced in such a ser vice himself, but there might be peculiarities in other services if they ignored their ordinary Church service. Mr. James White thought such matters, if taken notice of at all, should be brought before the Bishop and settled quietly. (Hear, hear.) It was setting a bad example to the Churehrs for clergymen to come there, and let off great guns at one another. (Loud laughter.) That kind of thing might be very fine for Canon Farr and Bean Russell. It might be very edifying indeed to them, but it was not edifying to the people in. the country. (Laughter.) They wanted to do what they could for the good of the Church, and for keeping the Church together; but the clergymen were setting a bad example to them. (Applause.) He was sure if any one chose to prefer charges against Canon Farr, they could do so. He had heard people up his way say that Canon Farr would baptize in the river. (Loud laughter.) If charges and counter-charges were to be made, he dared say there was not any clergyman in the room who could not be accused, of something or other. He hoped they would divide, and get on to some other business. (Applause.) His Loedshtp was glad they had been brought back again to a dispassionate state of feeling by Mr. White. Instead of a great gun, he thought Bean Russell's was a pop-gun, and that of very small effect. However, the Dean had shown most conclusively that what he did was an irre gularity, for he produced the service of Wal singhain Howe, and stated that the Bishops of Rochester and Winchester had sanctioned the service. The Veiy Rev. the Dean.—That service has been held in their diocese, and was sanctioned by the Bishop. H;s Lordship—Very well. I presume it to be legal. It wa= a courtesy I have not had. I don't suppose you intended to treat me with discourtesy; but at least you have shown that I have not had the courtesy shown me. . The Very Rev. the Dean had already told Canon Farr the reason why. Knowing he was week by week being abused by a scurrilous pamphlet—the Protestant Advocate—he thought His Lordship would be the object of attack if he had first sought his permission, and so he preferred to draw it upon himself. (Dissen sion.) His Lordship would only say that he was ready to bear any burden that devolved on him; but the Dean had shown there was an irregu larity, though not of such a character as to render it necessary foi- him to interfere. He knew Mr. Walsingham Howe, and knew that what came from him he could accept. The Dean did not tell him, though he told all the world before the seiviee. It was an unfortunate thing that he should learn first from the reports in the papers that it had taken place. (Hear, hear.) He must endorse Mr. Hawkes's state ment that never had he heard an irregularity brought forward in Synod in milder language, or with a view more to avoid wounding any one's feelings by any language beyoud what was necessary in supporting the charge. (Applause.) He did not deal in implications himself. He hated sham and insinuations. (Applause.) They Pad no right to deal with other men's motives. The irregularity had been brought forward, the Dean had proved it, and after what had been said that night the less said about it the better. He thought it would be better not to argue ic. It was not a private service, but a liturgical service in a consecrated building; and therefore the Dean came under the declaration in which he said he would use no other service than those prescribed by the Prayer-Book. If it were merely introducing the choirmen he should say it was quite right, but it might go further, and the superintendent or teachers of a public school might be introduced to their office in the same way. (Hear, hear.) He thought it was a pity that lay readers were not _ introduced to their office in a solemn and religious service. (Applause.) They had not got it yet, and he should be very happy if the Dean would draw up a service to assist in that matter as soon as the ordinary affairs of the diocese were set in order. He should, with the consent of Dean Russell, ask Mr. Fair to withdraw his motion. (Applause.) The Rev. Canon Farr should falm the liberty of saying a few words in reply The Rev. Cannon Dove could not give a silent .vote on the question, he so sympathized with the Very Rev. the Dean. They ought to thank the Dean with all their hearts for having restored the choral service. His Lordship—That is out of order. There is nothing about choral services. The Rev. Canon Dove—But I say, my Lord, I think we may take this opportunity of p—You must confine yourself to the motion. We have nothing to do with chora \ services. ; The Rev. Canon Dove—Well, lie sympathized -with the Dean with all his heart, and was sorry the.matter should have been brought forward, because-they all knew how the flood-gates of iniquity, ignorance, almost brutality—(Oh, no) —had been opened upon the Dean from the public papers. (Cries of " No.") His Lordship—I don't know that. (No, and laughter,)" The Venerable Archdeacon Marryat thought the .more questions of that sort were discussed the better—(Hear, hear)—for although a few warm expressions might be used at the rime, if the questions were thoroughly ventilated a better feeling-existed afterwards. He would like to -say that Mr. Farr made no mention of ritualism. The motion was a very general one, and the .question was not whether the service was good, but whether it was legaL He should like to ask Dean Russell whether the service had been used in churches in England. (Dean Russell—"Yes.") Many .people did not see the magnitude that was involved in such a point. The danger was adopting Mr. Webb's theory that if a minister and Churchwardens agreed anything might be carried -out. (Hear, hear, and Mr. Webb— " Not my theory; Lord Eldon's.") There must be some limitation. What was the good of a Convocation in England introducing new ser vices if every clegyman could introduce them? (Dean Russell—" Prepare the way.") It was a question- of .denominationalism versos episco palianism, and if it was not stopped in this in stance could His Lordship stop any other service that was introduced ? if he did not check this, or the irregularity was hot pointed out, could the Bishop check any serviefe that stopped short of worship of the Virgin Mary? His Lordship—I have no doubt theyeould be stopped by law in a church; I don't say they could in a hospital or other place. The Ven. Archdeacon Marryat—The Dean referred to the question of a licensed and un licensed building, or consecrated and uncon secratecL It would be understood they might do what they liked in a schoolroom consistent with their ordination vows—(Hear, hear)—but in a church there could be no doubt it was irregular and illegal, and therefore he did not think Mr. Farr could be charged with incon sistency in taking for granted that it was an irregularity. Every one must know that it could not be a pleasant thing to bring forward a motion implying censure upon any one; and he believed Canon Farr only did it because he felt compelled, having the interest of the Church at heart. (Hear, hear.) Dr. Duncan regretted exceedingly that his friend Canon Farr should have brought the matter forward. He asked them to pass a vote of censure upon the Dean of Adelaide for main taining a service when they did not know whether it was right or wrong. Even if it was wrong, they were being asked to assume the preroga tive of the Bishop. (Hear, hear, and No.) It was the Bishop who must be accused if any thing was going wrong. (Hear, hear.) He strongly urged Canon Farr to withdraw the motion. Mr. A. J. Ebmsjkds supported Dr. Duncan. It seemed to him to be wasting valuable time to discuss such questions. It was not a matter which ought to be brought before Synod— (Hear, hear, and Yes)—but should have been reported to His Lordship, and by him brought before Synod if necessary. . Bringing such questions before Synod for the purpose of stirring up old'quarrels and fomenting strife might not to be encouraged in any way what ever, and he hoped such a discussion would not be initiated again. The Rev. Canon Faeb must say a few words. The last speaker was very dogmatic. " When I open my mouth let no dog batk; that which I think, that is fight," was his argument. (-Ap plause.) It was a pity that statements should be made so decidedly without a knowledge of all the facts. The Synod had a perfect right to discuss anything of the kind—(No, and Hear, hear)—a perfect right; and he had no intention whatever;Of allowing himself to be put down by dogmatism, although he might be put down by calm, quiet, dispassionate reason. It was rather hard to speak without being excited, but he .did not think he should get more excited than he had done. The points that had been brought forward against him were almost all beside the question. Mr. Fergusson had not been in the colony long enough, or he would know they had had a great deal of trouble with reference to Church discipline, and that matters of this kind were not so frivolous as he thought they were. (Hear, hear.) The resolution was studiously framed to avoid anything like per sonal allusion to Mr. Russell, only he was obliged to ask whether the Dean had done what was alleged, because otherwise he would have been trenching.upon the Bishop's office. It was that simple fact that drove him to ask the question, instead of bringing forward this motion with- his name to it. Then again he carefully kept out of the question what the nature of the service was. (Hear, hear.) He did not express any disapproval whatever. He did not say the Bishop of Winchester or Rochester objected, but what he said was that they stated the law with reference to services of the kind. He had extracts from the service which he could have used, but he thought it was not necessary. He took it for granted that no mere quibble, would be raised that he had not shown what the nature of the service was. When the whole thing had been in the public Press it did seem to him that was a thing he was not called upon to prove. Having said so much in his own defence, he added that he still believed he had done the Church service in calling attention to the fact that a service had been used which was not warranted, and without asking the leave of the Bishop. (Applause.) If clergymen did that in spite of their being called ignorant, or being accused of bad taste, or of any other of the charges that were brought against him, they must expect that it would be brought before Synod. (Applause.) He had great plea- : sure in acceding to the wish of His Lordship, which he felt was a general wish, and asked leave to withdraw the motion. (Applause.) The motion, was withdrawn. The Very Rev. Dean Russell said he did not know whether he got excited when speaking, but if he made use of any expressions which were painful to Mr. Farr he hoped he would pardon him, for he did not mean them to be so. His LoKDSHXP—You said before distinctly that you hoped nothing would be taken as persona!. (Hear, hear.) Some notices of motion having been given, the Synod adjourned at a quarter to 8 till next day at 2 o'clock. Second Day.—Wednesday, May 17. Present—The Eislop, the Dean, Archdeacon ilarryat, Canons Farr and Dove, Revs. H. M Pollitt, S. Green, E. Jenkins, H. Read, W. H. Mudie, A. Homer, E. K. Miller, H. J. Poole, T. J. Smyth, E. T. Howell, W. A. Clayfield, C. W. Morse, J. Houghton, J. A. Boake, O. W. Hawkins, W. Scott, R. B. Webb, F. Williams; Drs. Gosse and Duncan, Messrs. W. A. Caw thorne, H. D. Holmes, J. Bath, J. S. Bellhouse, A. B. Cooper, H. Y. Sparks, J. Williams, J. K. Hawthorne, G. Colyer, G. 31. Turabull, J. ilorgan, F. G. Smith, H. Duncan, A. J. Edmunds, T. H. Viney, J. Lyle, C. B. Young, J. Howell, E. Thornber, F. Wicksteed, R. B. Colley, N. Blytb, J. Mudge, J. Gower, J. Dixon, M. MacDermott, J. A. Fergusson, H. H. Thomas, and F. Halcomb. The minutes of yesterday's meeting were read and confirmed. Notices of motion were handed in by Revs E. K. Miller, A. Honner, H. Poole, and 3Ir. Colley. The Orders of the Day were then proceeded with, the first of which was that of the Ven. Archdeacon AIarryat, who moved— "That the House go into Committee on the report adopted last session respecting the elec tion of future Bishops, with a view of passing it as a regulation, and that leave be given accordingly to go into Committee." The House being in Committee, the Arch deacon stated that during last. session the resolutions contained in the report were arrived at after much discussion and frequent altera tion, and were finally adopted by a majority of 18 to 2. The scheme had met the approval of the Bishop, the clergy, and laity, as to the mode of procedure in case of a vacancy in the See, the plan proposed being to convene a meeting of Synod and propose to it the three questions —1. Should a Bishop be elected from among the clergy here? 2. Should the appointment be referred to the Archbishop of Canterbury ? 3\. Should it be referred to the Metropolitan of Australia ? The report was read, and, after some discus sion, it was moved by the Archdeacon, and seconded by Mr. Coixey, that it be adopted and become a Regulation, not fundamental, and as such it was passed. Order No, 2 was then proceeded with, on the motion of Archdeacon Mabbyat—" That the report of the" Committee on the duties of Churchwardens be adopted, printed, and referred to the Standing Committee for farther action." The report wat discussed paragraph by para graph at considerable length, the question of management of financial affairs and appro priation of voluntary contributions occupying most attention. With some slight alterations here and there,_ it was^passed as a whole, and ordered to be printed. A notice of 'motion was here put in by lb*. Duncan, on the subject of election of Bishops, with a view to adding a rider to the adopted scheme. The next notice of motion was that by the Very Rev. the Dean, seconded by Canon Dove —"That the Lord Bishop be respectfully re quested to institute enquiry into the arrange ment for divine service at St. George's, Wood forde, and St. Martin's, Campbell town, with a view to ascertain how often the services on Sunday have been conducted during the last six months by a Clerk in Holy Orders, and how often the Holy Communion has been celebrated; also to ascertain whether there are any existing, definite, and certain arrangements to secure to the parishioners the benefits of pastoral care." The Dean expressed a desire to withdraw this notice, lest he should be thought by any to be bringing any charge or accusation in bringing it forward. He had no intention of doing this. The matter had been brought before his notice by persons who had come to him from those two districts mentioned, and stated that they were without the ministrations of any clergyman in case of sickness or approaching death. He had wished to see some provision made for the spiritual wants of the neighbourhood, but nothing was farther from his thoughts than the making, either directly or by implication, any personal attack; and lest he should be mis construed in doing so he would, with the per mission of Synod, withdraw the motion. The Bishop ruled that the motion be pro ceeded with ; and he wished to direct attention to two points in the case. The first of these was the Dean's interference in the matter, and the second was his mode of interfering. A somewhat similar case had come before them yesterday; and while it was the undoubted right of any, either laymen or clergyman, in any case of neglected duty either to make it known to him, or bring it before the notice of Synod, it was still absolutely essential that there be no implication or insinuation of charges not definitely brought forward. He would state the case to the meeting in its full details. The Incumbent of Woodforde had applied to him for leave of absence for a period of about six months. He bad brought the medical certifi cate of Dr. Benson, which he would read to them, stating that derangement of the liver rendered a change to some cooler climate im perative. The Incumbent was perfectly willing to pay for the services of a curate as locum, lenens, if one could be found. A curate could not be mot with, but a lay reader was appointed and paid by the Incumbent the sum of £32 for his services. The plan proposed was for the Incumbent, if his health permitted, to come dbwn from the hills periodically to administer Holy Communion, or perform other important duties that might be required. A three months' attack of ophthalmia, following upon the first illness, rendered this impossible, but arrange ments had been made by various clergy so that the Holy Communion had been administered four times in the six months. Had the neces sities of the case been brought before the Bishop's notice, he would have gladly rendered some help himself. He now read the minutes of the Vestry meeting, which had been post poned from Easter till the Incumbent's return, and they showed that he was most warmly welcomed back by his people, who felt that actual illness bad alone kept him from them, and that he had been willing, and generously willing, to make any arrangements in his power to fill the duties in his absence. : The Archdeacon remarked that injury and : injustice might easily be done by charges, or motions that looked like charges, being brought before Synod. He felt that it was in justice due to Mr. Neville to give an expression of opinion that the Synod was fully satisfied with the explanation given. The Dean desired that the motion itself be withdrawn. Mr. Boake said, with reference to its with drawal, that such motions, however true they might be, were to be deprecated. They did not meet in Synod for purposes of crimination and recrimination, but all their differences in this way went forth to the world. Other religious bodies must either represent very happy families, or, if they had differences, they must have some happy knack of smoothing them over. Theirs, on'the contrary, by such motions were made a public spectacle. The Dean was permitted to withdraw his motion. It was moved by the Archdeacon, and seconded by Mr. Collet, that Standing Orders be suspended; and the Archdeacon brought forward his motion—which was seconded by Mr. Boake, and passed unanimously—to express the entire satisfaction of Synod with the explana tion given by the Bishop. The Dean . stated that all this time he had been represented as criminating a brother clergyman. He had done nothing of the sort. JEe spoke of his illness, and of the people being deprived of ministrations through his illness, not in consequence of his neglect of duty. There were persons guilty of neglect. The officers of the ehurch had omitted their duty; they should have taken steps to supply the Incumbent's place. Mr. Collet remarked that it was the duty of Synod to hear and enquire into statements and questions brought before them, and so arrive at the truth. Great in this way would be the benefit of Synod to the Church. They need not parade everything before the public, and were quite at liberty to exclude the reporters if they wished it, but Synod met for the purpose of ) hearing and answering enquiries which ought not to be quashed and hidden. They had a right to ask questions; if they asked them improperly the blame was those who asked them, but tbey should not lose the benefit of public discussion. Canon Fare supported the Archdeacon, and also fully agreed with Mr. Colley's remarks. He had himself been under an impression that there was something wrong, and some neglect going on, but the matter had not come before the public, and it was no business of his to in terfere and make it public. The result proved hcfw well it was to have had the matter ex plained, and he felt that the Archdeacon's motion was such that had the Dean fully heard and understood it, he was convinced his generous nature would be pleased that Synod should have expressed its satisfaction. The next motion was by the Very Rev. the Dean—"That the Lord Bishop be respectfully requested to obtain from each clergyman in the diocese a return showing how often the Sacra ment of the Lord's Supper Has been admi- j nistered in tbe Church or Churches in which be ministers during the past 12 months." He hoped that ere long the time would come for weekly celebration of Holy Communion. It was not ■nearly so frequent as it ought to be, and be re membered how in Scotland its greater frequency had been one striking feature of revival. Mr. Weeb seconded the Dean's motion, and desired also that the hour of celebration be in serted in tbe return. He did not, however, press this. _ . * The Dean's motion was put and carried, with the addition of the words " for the information of Synod." Mr. Green moved an adjournment of Synod; and, after the benediction, it was adjourned until Friday afternoon at 3, when Mr. Green's motion (No. 15) on education will be the first Order of the Day. An Absconder Captured.—There was an exciting chase on Monday after Samuel Dalling, who for some years has been farming on the Sill Lei, reports the Border Watch. He had been sued by Mr. George Paine on Monday for £6, and a verdict of £5 7s. 6d. was given. Dalling had all things in readiness for departure in the event of an adverse verdict, and soon as the case was disposed of went away. Mr. Paine, learning something of his probable intentions, concerted measures for preventing flight; and, accompanied by Mr. T. Garroway, assistant bailiff pro tern., started in pursuit. Reaching his late residence, they found it deserted, and the goods and chattels removed. Their minds were now made np for a desperate hunt. Dalling wished to baffle his creditors, and, instead of going straight to the Border, struck off to the Penola-road. They tracked him on the soft soil until they came to that road. They learned at Mr. Lehmann's Iron Store that a man answering the description of the pursued had passed there that afternoon towards Tar peena, with a wagon. It was now evening, and no time was to be lost, so they rapidly con tinued the chase. When within, two or three miles of Tarpeena they overtook the absconder, who apparently intended to turn off at about the spot they came up to him, towards the Border. He was driving very fast, and had two horses and a wagon, containing seven or eight bags of potatoes, a plough, and several other articles. He at first resisted, but finding him self over-matched, quietly gave in, remarking that it was lucky for them they found him so soon, as if they had been a few hours later they would not have captured him. He and his goods were then taken back to Mount Gambier, which was reached at 2 a.m. 