EVANGELICAL LUTHERAN CHURCH. On Thursday, the 20th of July, the founda tion-stone was laid of a new place of worship for the Evangelical Lutheran Church, to be erected on a piece of ground in Flinders-street, pur- chased for the purpose four years ago. The congregation for whose service it is intended have been using a building in Light-square, where service is now held, being conducted sometimes by laymen, and at others by one or other of several ministers who are stationed in various parts of the colony. It was felt, how ever, that there ought to be a permanent minister of the body in the metropolis, and that want is now about to be supplied, instructions having been forwarded some time ago to Germany for a suitable person to be selected. It is expected that by the next mail advice will be received of the gentleman who has been chosen by those entrusted with the duty. ln the meantime steps, which were being initiated and substantially for- warded by a bazaar last year realizing somewhat over £500, have been pro- gressing for the provision of a sanctuary for the new minister suitable for his ministrations, and at the same time commensurate with the position of the German Lutheran Church, which we understand to occupy a similar position among the Germans to that of the Anglican Church in England. The new church, which was designed by Mr. James Cumming, is in the early Gothic style, and will be built of dark rubble stone, with rusti- cated quoins and dressings of cement. The principal entrance will be in the centre of the front, and through a vestibule under the tower, thence by an inner lobby to the aisles. The total length of the interior is to be 77 feet, the breadth 43 feet, and the height from floor to upper portion of the ceiling 30 feet. At the further end is a dais, on which are the altar and pulpit, both of cedar enriched with bronzed metal-work. A gallery runs across the front of the building, and under this on each side of the vestibule is a room measuring over 13 feet square. At the rear there will be a hall measuring 30 by 18 feet, and 14 feet in height. The building will be lighted by lancet windows at the sides, and rose windows over the gallery; the gas-lighting chiefly by 'starlights' suspended from the ceiling. The church is designed to accommo- date between 400 and 500 persons. The present contract, which is taken by Messrs. Brown and Thompson at £2,910, does not include the upper portion of the tower, but the design contem- plates the completion of this ultimately by the addition of a bell-chamber and broach spire of a continental character, and rising to a total height of 118 feet from the ground, and which, according to the drawing of the architect, has a very pretty effect. On Thursday afternoon there were three or four hundred persons present, most of whom of course were Germans; but there were also some others, including representatives of several denominations, who attended to show their goodwill towards their Lutheran brethren. The proceedings were almost entirely in German, the choir, under the direction of Mr. C. Pütt- mann, rendering efficient assistance by singing appropriate hymns at intervals. A prayer was first offered by the Rev. C. A. Hensel, Presi- dent of the Evangelical Lutheran Synod; after which the choir sang the hymn, commencing Ein' feste Burg ist unser Gott, Ein' gute Wehr und Waffen.' The Rev. C. F. A. STREMPEL, of Hahndorf, delivered an appropriate opening address, abounding in Scriptural allusions. The Rev. P. J. OSTER, of Rosenthal, after a few observations on the importance of the laying of foundation-stones, especially in places of public worship, where they were to gather together for purposes affecting their eternal welfare, then read the document in German which was to be placed under the stone, and of which the following is the substance. In it it was stated that shortly after the foundation of the colony a few Lutherans gathered together for divine service, and that the first ministers who preached to them were the missionaries, the Rev. Messrs. Teichelmann and Klosé. The little community grew from year to year, and in 1860 the Rev. Mr. Meischel, who came from the East Indies, was appointed their pastor, and the congregation called themselves the Evan- gelical Lutheran Bethlehem Congregation. They at the same time commenced to hold their services in a small church situated in Waymonth- street, once in the possession of the Primitive Methodists. In 1863 the Rev. Mr. Meischel was appointed to the Church at Mount Gambier, and the Rev. Dr. Löessell took his place in Ade- laide. After Dr. Löessell had conducted the ser- vices for about four years he and his congregation quarrelled, and a separation took place. Since 1868 the Church has had no regular weekly services, but monthly services have been held by Lutheran ministers from different parts of the colony. The congregation was very desirous of having a minister of their own, and they hoped that by the Lord's blessing their endeavours would result in the right preaching of the Word of God and the right performance of the Holy Sacrament. It recited that the congregation consisted of about 25 families, with 150 bap- tized members, and 70 communicants. Church- wardens, Messrs. J. W. A. Sudholz aud S. Weil; Trustees, Messrs. J. W. A. Sudholz, C. Lührs, J. Weil, H. A. W. M eyer, and J. H. C. Von Einem ; Building Committee, Messrs. J. W. A. Sudholz, J. Weil, and J. Rieger ; Contrac- tors, Messrs. Brown & Thompson; Architect, J. Cumming. Another hymn having been sung by the choir, the Rev. C. A. HENSEL, of Blumberg, proceeded to lay the stone, which was then lowered into its place. He then declared:—' I lay this founda- tion stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.' The Rev. C. G. TEICHELMANN advanced to the stone, and said, ' Let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us, and establish Thou the work of our hands upon us ; yea, the work of our hands establish Thou it.' The Rev. C. P. A. STREMPEL:— 'Therefore, thus saith the Lord God, Behold I lay in Zion for a foundation, a stone, a tried stone, a pre- cious corner-stone, a sure foundation : he that believeth shall not make haste.' The Rev. P. J. OSTER :—' Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this seal : The Lord knoweth them that are His. And let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity.' Mr. J. W. A. SUDHOLZ:— 'May peace be within thy walls, and prosperity within thy palaces.' Mr. JULIUS WEIL said:— 'His foundation is in the holy mountain. The Lord loveth the gates of Zion more than all the dwellings of Jacob. Glorious things are spoken of thee, City of God. Selah.' The following, in addition to the formal documents, were enclosed in a sealed bottle, and laid under the stone: — Current copies of the Register, the Advertiser, the Süd Australische Zeitung, and the Tanunda Zeitung of the latest dates; also a copy of the Lutheran Creed and a small carte-de-visite photograph of the church, beside the current coins of the realm. The Rev. C. G. TEICHELMANN having delivered an interesting address in English, prayer was offered by the Rev. Mr. Oster, and another hymn by the choir sung. This closed the proceedings, which during the latter part of the time were somewhat interfered with by the rain. A collection made on the ground realized £16 0s. 4d. 