SUNDAY READING. Voices from the May Meetings. THE memory of London May Meetings, doubtless lingers in tho minds of many Town and Country readers in Australia. To others, it may be ncoi-ssarj to state that when, in tho Mother Country, " Marci winds and April showers have brought forth Maj flowers," tho benevolent and religious schemes ot tin British peoplo aili iresr.o in n marvellous coinbinatior of enthusiasm, éloquence, and liberality, at tho annuj. meetings of societies far tho advancement of mis sionury enterprise, tho circulation of tho Bible, thi education of tho young, tho reformation of thi vicious, the roli»f of the poor, tho correction of abuses and tho amelioration of tho condition of all ufrlictoi ones. From some of tho spocial addresses delivered ii London lust May, the subjoinod extracts aro selected In reading theso, the dwollor in tho solitary statioi may imagine tho crowding thousands from all p.irt of tho kingdom, with roturncd colonists and sympa thixinir foreigners, who listened to the words her republished. The first extract is from a discourao delivored ii Surrey chapel-a piuco around which gather man; sacred memories-by tho Rev. li. D. Wilson, ii behalf of tho London Missionary Socioty. Th subject was fro resurrection of Luzaius. Afto describing tho scono, tho anxious friends, tho doubt ing multitudo, tho envious mockers, und thi Redeemer's triumph, tho preacher continued thus : " Well, brothron, wo uro living in a world o death ; mon aro doad in trespaseea and sinB ; mon ii every age have gone on devising schemes to raisi tho dead ; laboriously speculating about tho nature of the doath, about the nature of tho dead ones ; speculations which differ ns widely as tho prepos sessions and culturos of thi speculators themselves, somo affirming that tho Bloopers a dethroned angel others, that ho is a dovolopod apo. But all the while how helplessly thoy stand at tho mouth of tho deac man's grave, uttering their ever-changing onchant monts; but ho gives no sign of awakening life Christ comes to that gravo and If o save, ' Believe yo that 1 am able to do this ?' ' Yoa, Lord.' 'Lazarus, corrie forth!' and he that was dead cornel forth. ' Said I not unto theo that if thou wouldesl believe thou shoukhs soe tho !?lory of God?' ' Accord ing to your faith bo it unto you.' " This believing, then, is sot forth as tho primal necessity of all spiritual servico and success. Who evor believes, carries with him a resurrection might into every domain of doath. Whatever else wo maj have without this, we aro holpless in the presence ol tho great spiritual inertia whioh overy whero con fronts us. Behoving is moro than conviction ; that is ofton nothing higher than the logical outcomo ol intellectual investigation :-It ¡ia moro than assent, which is frequently but tho result of a Btrong per sonal bias, or tho fruit of early mutual and educa tional habit. Belief is a living, full-orbed trust in tho living Christ, und possesses the soul quite as much as tho soul possesses it ; and so completely does it identify tho subject with tho object, that to doubt whero Christ has spoken, or to falter where Christ has commanded, is at onco folt to bo, not simply a weakness and a failure, but a cruel personal wrong to tho Lord to whom we havo sworn a loving and loyal allegiance. Belief lifts us out of tb« narrow limits and potBibiliticB.of eolf, nnd spheres ui anow in Chi ist, and then wo feel and thence knov ' that all things aro possiblo to him that believoth.' ' In tho coui-oo of his argument he thus distin guishes tho powers of intellect and faith : " Intellect can educate and change intellect, but its powers and its triumphs lie within its own sphere. AH its results, evun the highest, are characteristic of itself. Lifo alono can educate und chango life Socrates could educate a Pluto. Aristotle could found a school whoso activities culminate'' in tho pulseless intellectual frivolities of tho Middle Ages. Christ alono could chango and - educate a Paul, whose groat life-thoughts gleam with oxpanding lustre on tho brightening firmiunont of tho Church, and whoso largo hero-hourt beats with growing vigour through tho ontire lifo of Christendom. Whenco that lifo, O Paul, which operates with augmenting power on tho foremost peoples of the world? 'I livo, yet not Í, but Christ livolh in mo; and tho lifo that I now livo in tho flesh I livo by tho faith of tho ¡Son of God, who loved mo, and gave Ilirasolf for me.' Intellectual power, high culture, givo wondrous advantages to man in dealing with men. They enablo him to substituto silver trumpets for rams' horns; they givo him tho power of putting wings to his words and pointa to his thoughts, so that, like tho arrows of a strong-armod, ski lful archer, thoy cloiive tho resisting »iii-, hit tho mark at which thoy aro aimed, and quiver with unspoilt force. But it is bolioving alone which ' makes us strong in tho Lord and in tho power of Iiis might.' Behove, and thon wo glow with love, and yiold our entire aol vos lo tho Blessed Ono, who has bought us with Iiis own blood, and who doepens Himself into the surrendered soul, until Ho becomes its inspira tion, its lifo, its aim." After various historical illustrations of tho way in which Christ gives new lifo and power to the believ ing, tho discourse concludes with a review of tho missionary lubours and triumphs of tho venerable Robert Moffatt, who was prosont at tho service of the day, and of tho marvellous chango which has crownod tho work of missionaries and inartyis iu Madagascar. In asormon bv tho Roc. Samuel Coloy, preached at King's Cross Wesley an Chapel, in behalf of tho Primitivo Mothodist Missionary Society, occurs tho following inbtructivo lesson : " Well, then, it is not in man's speculations nor in man's version of religion, nor in man's progress and refinements, that you oan find that which will porform what you wish it ; it is Iho Gospel that is tho unchanging and only remedy for the wants and woes of men. Let mo give you a littlo warning hore. Thero are somo people that very much defer tho dato of tho success that wo aro to look for ; they do it out of a specious, voluntary humility. Thoy aro always belittling tho extant agents of God's work. Thoy think there is nobody nowadays ; they look back to tho past-'Thero wen»giants in those days :' thoy look on to tho futuro-'YOB, wo shall havo prodigious mon.' It is all nonsense Thoy were not giants in thoso days, and they won't bo such wondorful men Thero never was a day in which tho greatest number of workers woro espocially wonderful men. It is God's way to mako perfect bte strength out of I weakness. Thoso men of tho past were men o ' like passions with o rsolv^s;'thoy were little lin} men, and they took hold of a great God, and iha mado them strong ; and you, tiny as you aro, maj do the very samo thing. The foran t of ? ower is no: in man, and there is a great deal of delusion aboul th'3 ' giants of those days.' The moro you know about them, tho more you will find that theil greatness came from thoir communion with God. Pentecost did not come because that fisherman ol Galilee WHS such a wonderful man. Tho Lord had m vi y a bigger brain in His Church than Peter's, like eivugh. lt was the power of the Holy Ghost, and not tho power of man. And you noed ii- t bo wailing I bftcauso you have got such tiny people nowadays. I Tho peo plo who are doing that aro robbing themsel vee of thal hope and encouragement that they ought to hui e. Thero are many people nowadays that are on tiptoe for wonders, but stand aloof from work. They aro expecting that there shall come wonderful dispen sations of miracles. What do we want more than tho pledge of cove nutted grace? Mirachs much moro frequently mado men wonder than weep; und I could tell you many an instance of pcoplo seeing the miracle und going away to plot tho ilouth of the miracle worker. Mern wero not brought to conversion so much by mirado as by grace thea, and you may havo that grace now." The Rev. J. Guinness Rogers, pleading for the Reli gious Tract Society, thus de.-ci ib-is tho kind ol' books needed for tho present clay. Having urged the claims of old truth and old ways that havo proved good, ho adds :-" After saying this, I may the moro freely and confidently urge that our bootu must be of the living piesont, not of tho dead past Thoy must bo books of tho age, if thoy are to speak to the age, feeling the influence of its currents of thought, having full understanding of ito tendencies and aims oven where they do not fully sympathise with thom, entering into tho problems and difficulties by which mon around us aro porplexcd and harassed, meeting them on thoir own ground, roasoning with them from thc principles thoy comprehend and accept, speaking tho old moBsage in language whoso meaning they can grasp and whose force thoy can feel. Appeals to authority will profit littlo with those who claim, and rightly edaim, to examino for themselves, and to rest thoir faith, as thoso men of Samaria did, not on what others have told thom, or on what thoir predecessors have believed, but on what they themselves have loamed. But appeals to tho conscienao, as active to-day as in times past, to their own felt necessities and most earnest cravings, must tell ; and it is to I theso we must address ourselves, whether wo speak I from the pulpit or from the press. M ere platitudes about goodness fall powerleBe, but the manly exhibi tion of >irtue, in tho control it is to exereise over the , minutest dotails of common lifo, always has its power. And this our books should give. Thoy should lift up a voice of earnestness against the evils ) that aro rife to-day in the Church aa in the world. Thoy should Bhow how Christianity is distinctively and emphatically the religion of the a»e, how it is in sympathy with all that is really noblo and progres sive, how it is in deadly antagonism to all that is mean and unjust and false in England of the nine teenth as much as it was to tho hypocrisies and shams and idolatorios of Jerusalem or Athens in the first century. They should develop its influence on tho sins, Bufferings, and sorrows of mon ovary where, and do this by a wise and faithful exhibition of Christ. Whatover questions there may be about particular dogmas, or in truth about the wisdom of 1 tying so much stress upon dogma at nil, thero c an bo none as to the need of holding up Christ tho Saviour, to whom all true dogmas testify, the Lord to whom they aro all in subjection ; Christ the recon ciler of all ages, and of all classes of mon ; the con soler and holp of the world in all its times of tribu lation and difficulty ; Christ tho solver of mysteries and onigmas which have continually agitated tho heart of mon and often shaken tho foundations ol faith ; Christ teaching this age as Ho taught the age in' which He lived, and haB taught every age since, -must bo the inspiration and tho maia topic of our literature " t 