HUMILIATION AND HUMILITY. ' Humiliation is one of the proudest conditions in the human world.' This sentiment will be a suitable prelude to a few thoughts on the difference between two things which are very commonly confounded in religion, Humiliation and Humility. The same writer says, moreover — 'It is a terrible thing to run the risk of changing humility into humiliation.' And it is because there is such a special danger of doing so in this day, that it has been thought that the subject may be one profitable for a meditation. It is well known that humiliation constitutes the principal feature of the Romish sacrament of Penance, and it is but natural to suppose that that which seems to express humility should be a true sign of it, if not indeed a direct method of promoting it. But how far otherwise ! The whole system is baaed upon the notion of compensation, which is merit. This is not humility, and may be thought to be a sufficient condem nation of it. But the Romanism of the natural heart is a subtle deceiver. If this were not so — if, that is, there were not something within us calculated to meet and coalesce with the principles of Romanism, there would not be half the number of its followers; but the marvel is rather that there are any persons, who are not enlightened by the Holy Ghost, who can withstand its subtleties. Now to see a man who has just come back to his monastery, after rivetting and entrancing a throng of listeners with his eloquence, to see such a man required to fetch pails of water to pour upon a broom in the centre of the quadrangle, in order to promote his humility, looks like a jest ; yet it is not intended to be such, and whatever a Pere or an Abbe might think in their hearts, the lesson is intended to be humility. But is it humility ? Is it not rather humiliation ? And has not the Church of Rome mistaken the caricature for the genuine character? Or, again, if we see the crowd of Pope and Cardi nals crawling on all-fours up the Santa Scala; or the Irish peasant, with bleeding knees, going over the sharp fangs of the station round; or the nun licking the dusty floor; or if we read, in the Breviary, of St. Therese's ardour in punishing her body as being so vehement as to make her use hair shirts, chains, nettles, scourges, and even to roll herself among thorns, regardless of a diseased constitution; or how St. Rose 'bore day and night three folds of an iron chain round her waist, a belt set with small needles, and an iron crown armed inside with points,' and how, ' she made to herself a bed of the un polished trunks of trees, and filled up the interstices with pieces of broken pottery;' may we not ask again, is this humility? There must surely be something here which does not grow out of Christianity. 'We do not find the blessed Saviour exacting anything of this kind, though He taught us to be humble, and gave to humility the highest seat in His kingdom. Nor do we trace the faintest resemblance to this will worship and corporeal castigation among His Apostles, even though one Apostle kept his body under subjection, and another bids the adulterers and adulteresses to be afflicted and mourn and weep, and a third calls upon us to arm ourselves with the same mind as His who suffered for us in the flesh. If Christ Himself carried a cross, it was His enemies who laid it upon Him; and if He bids His people carry their own, it will be in following His footsteps in the path of life's duties, not in any humanly appointed mortification. Humility on the other hand, as it is the last and latest developed, so is it the highest of the graces of the Spirit. It is entirely and purely a condition of the son], and differs from the humiliation of which we are treating as much as the Publican differed from the Pharisee. Thus the distance between them is as vast as that which lies between humility and pride. Humility indeed is internal, but humiliation is ex ternal. The one is from God, the other is imposed by man, or self-will. The one crowns all the graces of the Spirit; the other is compatible with all the vices. The essence of hu mility, as regards God, is to feel our dependence upon Him for every thing that is good or desirable, under the conscious ness of meriting nothing but His displeasure ; and yet at the same time to exercise a perfect trust in His mercy and promises. As regards man, it is in lowliness of mind to esteem others better than ourselves. And these two phases of it both lead to and include the fulfilment of every duty towards God and man. Humiliation, on the contrary, is oftener a substitute than a result. It can never be the cause of humility, and is not necessarily even a sign of it. It may co-exist with every vice under the sun. But there is more. Humility exalts a man: humiliation degrades him. False religions impose a humiliation which ia intended to purify and elevate him. Christianity alone truly does so. The former travesty humility by their outward show, whereas the latter teaches it by attracting the sinner to the bosom of his God. And herein lies the charm and truthful ness of the Lord's parable of the prodigal. More degradation was not needed than that caused by his sins, and the convic tion of his own wretchedness; and could we suppose that the Father had consented to the unuttered petition of his child, what would have become of the very object of the story, the perfect restoration of the sinner to his self-forfeited birthright ? It is said, however, that the object of humiliation is to promote humility; but is it competent to such an effect? When Augustine was once asked what was the first virtue to be sought, he answered, Humility. When demanded what was the next, he still answered, Humility. But when, repeat ing for the second time the same thing, he was asked why he went no further, he replied, 'He who truly possesses humility, possesses all the virtues.' Is humiliation, then, a means to such an end as this? Can a hair shirt or a sore skin conduce to that state of mind which said, ' Lord, I am not worthy that Thou shoiddest come under my roof f or that cried, ' God he merciful to me a sinner;' or which declared, '/ count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ ' Jesiis, my Lord, for whom I Jiave suffered the loss of all things V* Humility comes from a higher fount. The same love which breaks the heart humbles it, and it is not until the sinner has realised the amazing mercy of the cross that lie understands, and feels that he is and has nothing. As George Herbert wrote — ' To have nought is ours, not to confess That we have nought.' Humiliation may teach a man the latter, humility alone can; - enabel him to see the former, truth. — The Christian Advocate. 