REVIEWS. "ClUSTIAN MISSIONS TO WltOXO PLACES, AMOXI AVllONO JÍACE8, ASH IN' "WUONG HANDS." B] A.C. Goekie,* D.D., of St. Stephen's Presbyte- rian Church, Bathurst, Now South Wulea. J. L Sherriff, "Wynyard- square, Sydney. Tho titlo of thia work expresses tho aim nnd ..pur- port of it, Tho author takes a rapid glanco nt th« various fi el Ju to which missionary enterprise ha boen directed, and then shows that tho races amonj wjiioh m issi ona rie H hithorto havo laboured aro IVs dying out, from which latter fact he infers that mis siomiry labour has huon wrongly directed, and tha as tho church hus not tho maand of, sending mission- aries t-"» all parts of the world abo ought to economisi her resüurfi'^Ho as to scud tho go.*p*-d to pcrinanon races nithnr than to thnsn that aro perishing. Thii is tho cardinal idou which pervades and underlies tin book, and tho certainty cf which nil tho fact adduced uro intended t > establish and illustrât0 Tho argument is sLutcd formally, and hy itn plient ioi in that ptirt of tho Hth chapter wherein tho a.ntho: replies to cr-rtum plausible objections to his doctrine he pays : Propio reply, that tho spiritual Interest! of nu I milan or 1 Tahitian aro of ns much moniMit «8 thom ot al Undoo n Chinaman-a fact which, sn far"os tho Individual soul ia con cerned, in heyond dUpuU-hut thoa« who urge thia can heeujll; met by tho counter-statement, which never occurs to thuin that tho soul of a Hindoo or Chinaman ls of aa much value ai that of au Indian or a Tahltl.in. 'I ho vain« of any ROU! to iti possessor or A u> hor, is o |U*l to that of nny other human soul anti mich being tho cuso, wo aro called on to deal willi nico upon other considerations. Wu are to hum ho, wiili a fore at our disposal notoriously Inadequato to the wants of th world, "What U bust to ho done? Kow wo can luaku the mas of lt? Surely lt is evident that wo can muka tho most of i hy using it to Christianizing the most permanent rnee.i. J generation of auch, if Cluistiani7.fi-!, remains, nnd feavc:* sue ces nora Increasing in number. Those successors are Cluistai successors. They have h*.xn taugM by their converts fathers and mothers tim same truths which their parents wen first taught by tho missionary. Thus taught, tho*, ar»« prepare» to teach their successors ; and as tho first »ct of Chrh>t.l:mizj( prrsons belonging to a permanent rn ce lind in their chlldrer un audience much larger than thc missionary found in them so their ch lld ri-n, when th«:y hrcomo parents, find again 1 still larger audience than tiley themselves constituted. A fiernianont race grows moro er losa rapidly ; hence, by teach' ng Cod's truth to them you (lo two things-you give it it: charge to those who shall on Un no it to tho md of timo, nut you glvo lt in chanco t3 timan who shall multiply MU! increado. liy teaching audi, you save souls whoso Individua' val tro ls equal to that of nny other souls ; bat you do m ucl more-you savo now souls from death, you also mat" buoli preacher* of savins truth to other souls, and now » H«>CTÍ ol : rel I clous power, which, so far ns a man can discern, will pnsli its lifo ever forward, never fa'llng to reproduce it.-clf from i generation to generation, until tho cl>so of agos. Kolifrion, onco fairly rooted In a permanent ruco, is a permanent good, It ls a work coeval in itu duration willi tho continuance oí mon themselves. Tho end of timo, and tho last members 0] tho church militant, shall tell of tho abiding work w run gilt by tho wiso missionary, who, hy God's blessing, has proved th« right man to tho right race. And sundy. If this bo so, a mis- sion to tidying race cannot comparo In importance with tuck as wo havo been describing. In IhW latter cuso tho thought- ful missionary hos a til von reward. Ile has many converts, lt may bo, lu his own day ; for lt has often happened that these races havo moro re ad Hy accept cd Christianity thin those of an abiding character. This has been specially tho caso lu tho S'iitli Seas; for, making every allowance for exaggeration all hut inscparahlo from enthusiastic work, there can bo no question AS to the true work ('ono in Polynesia. But such a man, if ho has hail p rubout joy, mu-.t hfcvo felt atso that his success would havo no contlnuanco Around him aro gathered a people, who, wil- ling though they may be, shall cvnso to preach and propágalo at a point so close to the present that it acorns but to-morrow. Tho white man, as lu America, will, in two or throe genera- tions, po'fcs* theso islands; tho 1 olyneMau will, in two or Iii ruo güüeiiitiütw disapp -ar, remembered Uko Elicia' India»», by grammars, hymn-books, and Utidca in unknown lan- guages, or by curious relics in far-oil' muséums. Wo pro- foundly sympathise with tho noblo ni naud.nomon who have so faithfully tolled in those seas, nnd who aro now «0 faith- fully tolling ; but wo feel that thoir work, os far a- tho world is concerned, is noblo labour misdirected. Kot until those enduring races willoh uro now In profoundest darkness, ha\o boen aupplloil with Christianity, eau wo ri cognize tho e'aluis of o thora. Two Riipplianti seek our ninia; tho ono ii In want, but young, strong, and tho father of dependent bringa ; tho other is lu want, but moribund, nnd ha vi ni; 110 0 whti ask bread aï his hand. To which bindi wo glvo the mly, und in any casu the hindu,¿nate, inoiauï at uur disposal? We icavo tho ru ply fearlessly to tho dispassionate and tno wiso. In support and illustration of tho chief proposi- tions otnhudiud in this passage, Mr. Ueekie adduces a great vu rio ty of facts. Tho dy in 3: ont of wholo races of coloured men is a fact in hine .ry UH melan- choly as it ic* true. Tho Mohawks, Señeras, Naticks, Oncydns, and Hurons, once »0 powerful, aro now no moro. They dwindled nwuv and finally died out belora tho inurch of the whiles man. Tile Now Hollanders aro also vanishing from tho fuco of tho earth, ¡ind in a few muro generations will ho gone. Tn New inland n Himilar futo awails lho ^luori. In 1818, the Now Zealand aborigines wore ostimated at 100,000, in 1808 they had diminished, to 5G,iM9, and according to tho consus-of 1808 they now only number 38,500. Thus in twenty years Cl por cont, of tho JIuorios havo disappeared. A similar wasting of tho peoplo is now slowly taking pince in tho Now Hebrides lind Loyalty Islands. These people httvo received. Christianity from tho misaient»ies, but religion docs not oxempt thom from tho doom which apparently hangs over tho wholo Polynesian family. The Fiji Islands are in number 225, and somo of them aro of considerable tti;:o. Tho nativo population' was onco very numer- ous, and to a considerable extent havo been Christianized by tho AVoeloyan and othor missionaries. Such great success attended tho efforts of tho WesloyunB that, as our author informs us, they had in 1868 in the Fiji circuit twelvo Europeans and forty-five nativo missionaries, alargo body of cate- chists, class-lenders, and local preaohers, and 17,001) j members. Notwithstanding all this tho aboriginal I population of the Fijis is decreasing rapidly, and in Í\ low years more will be extinct, A similar decrease ia predicable of tho peoplo of Samoa ¡ind the Hf wey Manda, of Tahiti and tho Tahitians, and ot" tha I Sandwich and Marquesas Islands. In fact, if Mr. i Geekie's work could bo divested of that savour of ; unctuosity, which somehow or other nil clergymen ? contrivo to impart to all their writ ings, those por ' tiona of it which treat of tho decay of tho coloured ' rrues might ho inserted ns n distinct chapter in one ' Mr. Darwin's works, so fully do tho facts ttated by our author warrant some of tho conclusions at which : Mr, Darwin has arrived. Mr, Geekio strongly recommends united ar-lirm to tho attention of tho church. In tho concluding passage of his w ork ho show s how tho various Pro- testant socts might carry on mit-siontiry work among thopprnmnont rares of llindostan, China, mid Africa, without lowering any profusion. Hu forge tc, how- ever, ono point, namely, that it is far from likely that liirge bodies of tho permanent rit es will accopt tho doctrines taught them hy tho ini^wiiury so readily ns tho un-pcrmnnorit ru::":t li »eu done. The success vrhicii has attended Christian missions it: India and China hus been trifling, und in moss cases has boon accomplished where thu grossest supersti- tions li.-n u prevailed. Hut tuppoío thtic tho Brahma. So.uiij of iiummohun fioy, or tho moro philosophic Doi-ni of Ki-shup Chunder San nhfiuld prevail throughout Indin, whnt would then ho tho effect of missionary efforts Í This question and tho facts pertaining to it, scorn to huvo quito escaped our nuthor'a notico. Wc may add that Mr. GockiVis stylo io calm and .jiidiiitil rather than tl irid; wtiilo-his reasoning, which in M'.st oas.is is bused upon f tots, ú generally con- clusive. His work is nicely printed on Inned paper, and neatly hound in cloth, und, in all ri-epn:!n forms a very acceptable, ¡idiüiioii to colonial liu-mturc. " AusritAMAN Wii.n Ft.iiwr.tts," fresh gul beroi from th.: field of Poesy, comprising ii collection of original poems on various ..'oltminl subjects, by G-norgc 10. Loyau. Leo and Moss, Cn-tloroagh ntreet, Sydney. In thi- hurd prosaic ago, when money lind military glory wm to regarded as tho end nnd aim of all hinuHti eßort and tho chief good ol' tho world, it is quit-.* refreshing lo find a ir.an Uko Mr. Loyau wooing tho muse in tho midst of sorrow and difficul- ties. Mr. Loyau is both a bold nnd adventurous writer, otherwisii ho would not duro to publish poem after poem amongst a population who have never shown much partiality for a native litera turo. His muse also appe.'irs to b-- prolific. A fow weekd back ho publiolied Ibo " Australian Seasons," and now ho appears again ns tho author of theso Wild Flowers, many of which aro fair to look upon, und exhalo t e grateful odour of tho bloesoms of poetry. In some intro'.liclory remarks ho «Birma that tho piecrs headed " Psyche," " Ileon," " The Deserted Wifo," and Authorship," wero not writtnn in imitation of tho " Haven," " Queen of tho slay," " Tho Kong of tho Shirt," and " 'ibo Chargo of tho Light Brigade," but wore com- posed for other reasons. Yet, notwithstanding thia protest most readers will purceivo tho traces of imitation. We ad visu Mr. Loyau lo a voil this rock in futuro. Thero is much sweetness in some of his poems, iulcrblt'iid'jd with many puro anti noblo sentiments. To enable our re-adorn to form their own opinion of hts merila as u poet, wo quote his " Psyche." PSYCHE. What power of production, what organs of construction, Trliot depths cf generation hath thc ever fertile Mind, flow vast its procreations, how strange Its Uuctitatluiis, How sweet its tine creations-perfect mollets of their hind ; How deep its agitations whoo now things nru designed I Maybo'twas Fancy's a» curing, or perhsps, a ncontide dream- ing, A vision lately sought mo in thc open light of day ; I was t-lttlng sail anti lum ly, as I often sit, hut only Jleside mu stood a heine; that 1 fain wonlil SCM'O away : A .i-clrtl, anti awful eioituro, whom I could n-.-t scare away ¡ 1 was sitting in tho centro cf tho room : ll did not cntor Hy the wintlow, by tho chimney, or by the luili-ahut door ; WHS I awake or dreaming t or wa.s lt l-'ancy teeming Ia my hrulu cells that had conjured a spirit from her storo? It stalked, lt walked, around mu with no shadow on tho floor! I was tidily with brain-working, on theine.i, from wheneo tho shirking iMiglit probably cxposo mn, to some unlooked-for pain : When I saw tho Thing beside me. Its Birdie seemed to tlcrldo ino : Its loo1! upreared to chide mc, a look wiilt'i piorcctl my hm In : A fearful leek of horror, tH-t .tent:'tl to s era- my brain ! I was relied with oseltntlon, exhaustion, nml prostration, A atranco wild imitation, «hi.Ii ran thrr.mtli oveiy vein ; An Inward, ley feeling o'er alt my senses Moulin'! ; An lev, burning feeling, a tllro univotitod pain, Spreading Uko Hie about mc, anti burning up my brain ! Then no word could T utter, no syllable e'en mutter, iVlllIo with unusual lintier my heall bent In Its cuço : I strove to sneak, but eoitlrl not, my tongue as if lt would not Airain he morell to aellim. was still with fear and rage. Suspenso when thus protracted, make hours seemed ¡111 OJJ I Tho grim, gaunt thing grow taller : anti I, I seeni'd nm-h smaller ; Ny very vitals shrinking, my skin Uko pnrchmont hound -. Ii.scnrp.-.e-lIVo cheeks had brightness, a pale unearthly v. hilo Anti though Its oyes were r-igbtle&s;, it seemed to gazo A ghoul, a ghost, or vampire, without shadow on tho gretttul ! It spoke, i's voleo was hollow ; I tri but could not Minn The mystic words lt utter- d, yet ninny tlil-gs lt sahl : H'tn now 1 seem to hoar it, it hannis nie and 1 fear lt : That horrid villi u yet haunts liions something which ha fled, A leno from one departed, .long tinco forgotten, dead ! If rightly I reirember lt came lu ilr.--.r November, No wonrlcr that my fnrm was shivering with cold ; Since Englaetl in December, or even In November,' Is a placo where Naturo spreads her royal robo of cold, And frost-pictures on tho window, the inmates can Lei old .IM been sitting calmly writing, intrlcato things inditing, No wonder that I felt then, tho cold strike through each vein, I knew th« why and whorrforo, that Icy coItliie»3 thcroforo Had wrapped up all my .being with one tleop sea of pain ; llut I could not comprehend Iben, tho binning in uiybiuln. itcekliifr for .somo suggestion, I asked myself tills (incition ; w hon the Uei- g wliu had hover, tl around my uasy chair, Gav« back tho words I uttered, speke tho very things Í mut- tered, My toni grow faint, and lluttered with newly-born despair: A nuw heil-tortur'd sorrow ilia, ged from its hidden lair. It spoke, and whllo I listened, mino eyes with sad tears glistened " Oh wretched wreck of manhood ! why has1*, thou crush'd thy mind '! A Gotl forui'd t.reat Création, source of beatific dion, Sunk low with Irritation, nnd reeking rest to lind : tíeeliiug fiom thy vexation, reposo and pc.-ieo to Und 1" "1 am the hug called "STIIUV," my cheeks onco fair and ruddy, lV'eie lovely as tho being who «ave her lifo for thoo : Thou sltte»t hy thu tailer, among tho piles of books and paper, I'orgettlni all tlUt'B ' else-a true votary to nie ; 'thy health, thy Youth, thy love thou hast sacrificed to me. Think not thy term of sorrow will vanish with to-morrow, Thoa HtiU witt strive to borrow a something from my charms ; Asa syren I allure (lice, to work which must iuauro thc» Tile meed of hitter anguish, of terror, anti alarms, M'hilu purgatory's torments all nestle lu my .t.ms 1" I-'rom out the depths of mourning, L found my mind l-oUirn ln,r. lievived, from hell's tleep darkness, and drawing breath nenin, ! Tho chupo lind tillite departed : thus, now freo and light- hearted, ! aty strength shall bo exerted no more with such n strain, ! A strain on mental power to evorweik the brain I S ThtuiRli hoinctiuies I'm elated o'er nutters which I'vo hated, } Anti long tn woo thu Musu anti her forbidden lore ; j lint the dark brain-burning sadness, tho tl iva of moody mad iTliat wrapped ino with their mantle In study's realm of yore, . IV 111 ho u lesson to nie-unce, anti (or evermnru. TIME MEKINÓ SHEEP.-Two gentlemen from tho .neighbourhood of Ynunjj and 'Wnggu Wagga, havj been in Mudgee lately, purchaBing BOUIII of tho far-famed Mudgee sheep for breeding purposes. Mr. W. Allan, of tho finn of Elliott mid Allan, Young:, has been suc- cessful in securing 1200 pure merino owes from tho Hooka of Mr. 35. K. Cox, of Hawdon ; nnil tho nick of tho liugi;ot anio rania of last yuiir, bred by Mr. 0. C. Cor. Ho (Mr. Allan) believes that by going into pure blood at once, on both father's nnd mother's side, be will ho ablo to compote in his own country with tho sheep of the Mudge« district ; nnd by breeding nuns in bis own neighbourhood, Bavo tho pastoral tenants of that putt of tho country the trouble and expenso of tho loug journey to this placo in order to noonie rams for their flocks. Wo Bhall watch for -tho result of his tpirited outorprino with contiderublo interest, and hope tobo ablo to report that tho sheep hellas chosen for his experiment havo maintained thoir prestige. Mr. McPherson, from tho saine district, also purchased 000 puro merino owes from Mr. IS. K. Cox, and IG~> hogget auto rains of last year from Mr. 0. C. Cox. Tho wholo of tho sheep will bo escorted to " fresh fields and pas ! tures new" by_ Mr. Selby llrownc, whose experience in ¡ driving shooi) is a guarantee that they will not bo per- mitted to dotoriorato by nejilecfc during their I01.3 joaruey.-Western PoBt. 