MISCELLANEOUS. Neck or Northing.—A ball dress. Early pearl.—A baby's tooth. The cap of liberty.—An extinguisher. Tho tailor's horror.—Clo' reform. If you lose an opportunity your opponent may find it. Men, like bullets, go farthest when they are smoothest. When is a soldier not a whole soldier?— When he's in quarters. Wealth is not apt to be modest; the face on a guinea never blushes. If there is urbanity in cities, may we not look for suburbanity in suburbs. Puns are unpopular. Men with one idea are perplexed with a double meaning. Pirates should be tossed unceremoniously into the sea. They are seaworthy. Some lawyers can't sleep. They lie on one side and turn over and lie on the other. What is it that goes up the hill and down the hill, and yet never moves?—The road. Curious to say, most horse owners, when in difficulties, prefer their greys to their duns. Drink makes some men disputatious. Over their beer they can discuss any number of pints. If you are truly benevolent and charitable perhaps you will, when you see a neighbour in distress, ask some other neighbour to help him. A man may understand English, French, German, and Spanish, and not have the least Polish. How to Make a Thin Baby Fat.—Throw it from a third-story window, and it's sure to come down plump. A foreigner, speaking of the House of Com- mons, says: "So difficult is it for anything to be heard inside its gorgeous walls, that the impatient members are obliged to be continu- ally calling out, 'Hear! hear!' " A Cross Examination.—This recent cross- examination, is reported:—Barrister: 'You have property, you say?'— 'Yes.' 'Did you make it yourself?'—'Partly.' 'Are you married?'—'Yes.' 'Did your wife bring anything?'—'Yes.' 'What?'—'Three child- ren, sir.' An orator in the Irish House of Commons was describing the inordinate love of praise which characterised an opponent. "The hon. member," said he, "is so fond of being praised that I really believe he would be content to give up the ghost, if it were but to look up and read the stone-cutter's puff on his grave." An elderly female, on being examined by the overseers of the poor as to her place of legal settlement, was asked what reasons she had for supposing that her husbands' settle- ment was in Dover. The old lady, looking earnestly at the bench, said, 'He was born and married here, and they buried him here, and if that isn't settling him here, I don't know what is.' A Quaker, on hearing a man swear at a particularly bad piece of road, said, 'Friend, I am under the greatest obligation to thee. I myself would have done what thoe hast, but my religion forbids me. Don't let my con- science, however, bridle thine; give thine indignation wings, and suffer not the prejudice of others to paralyze the tongue of justice and long- suffering. Yea, verily.' It is told of the late Sir G. Cronwall Lewis, that when canvassing Herefordshire, he was in the midst of an inquiry of reported cases of longevity. The inquiry was so far upper- most in his thoughts, that when a Tory voter flatly declined to support his candidature, he placidly responded, 'I am sorry you can't give me your vote, but perhaps you can tell me whether any person has died in your village at nu extraordinary age.' 