OiíE BOOM TOO MANY. ' *A COLLEGE REMINISCENCE (iron Chambers Journal) It was-late on a gloomy October evening when I piloted my way up the crazy and xU-hghted stair which led to Harry Markhams rooms in the prin- cipal tfnadrangle (or, in college parlance, the "front quad"} of St. Michael s College Oxford. The clamor of boisterous merriment that struck upon my ear as I ascended, showed that the revel was already at its height ¡¿for Üua evening ¿Markham a ' set" (a some- what roystenng set withal, as sundry gate-fines and summonses before the College authorities continual!} teatifle^Tvvëre celebrating the arrival of anew Fresh- man fftnx the North-known by reputation to not a few o£ them-who was expected to prove a valuable acquisition to ihe College boat, and, by strength of muscle, if not of mind to enchance the renown of St 31ichaelVin no ßmall degree. As I entered, the hoot, with* flushed face, and eyes sparkling with north and mischief, was just calling upon the com- pany to ' fill their glasses to the health of Jua es- teemed friend, Mr Joseph Talboys, whose thews and smew» wete a .sufficient guaranttiO of good service to b« done by him when the time ahould again come roiwdjfar J3t, Michael a to display har prowess on the OTtr"uAmid. a general shouting and stamping of feet, sod the crash of several glasses, (it being a spe- cial characteristic qf a certain class of undergradu ates, when -slightly heated with liquor, to smash everything, animate, or inanimate, that may come m nú way),-th0 toast was drunk, and the new comer a brawny^ yellow-haired giant from Cumberland, whow-broad, janal, unmeaning face promised less of the scholar than his vast shoulders and Herculean limbe 'did of the athlete-having lumbered out a few incoherent words m reply, the buzz of conversation again became general. 44 "WelL old fellow 1" cried Markham, turning to the Cumbrian, " how do you like the idea of Bleep- ing m the haunted »oom, eh *"* **Ift all one to nie,1' answered Talboys, in his deep, heavyj song-like tones, " it'll be a clever ghost that can wake me, 'when I'm once fairly asleep ** ** What about a haunted room?" interrupted I "I didn't know we had one in College " wOb, yon know that queer old corner room in the back quad,9 struck m my right band neigh- bour » "itbaan t been used for ever so long and of course that's a sufficient reason why it should be set down.as haunted." **But what's tJhfl story connected with it then?0 aakedX " Oh, just that something happened there some- how, a-long time ago,"rejoined my informant, " and so you see it came to be haunted. If you -want to know further particulars, your own scout, old Sam Thorpe, is your man He s lived in the College dil he's fast like S part of it himself, and there s not a thing happened thus last thirty years but what he has it all at his fingers* ends Ask him about Talboys* room, if you want to know all about it." " Andr meanwhile,'' shouted Harry, draining his tumbler; J* here's a Rood night's rest to-Mr Talboys, and may the ghost be as civil to bun as he deserves I" MI say, Talboys," cried a rakish looking maa at the farther end of the board, " if the ghost does come, just ask bim whether I shall win the Aylesbury steeplechase next time, that s a good fellow " ** And whether X shall get a fust in Greats " added a languid foppishly- dressed fellow besido bun, whose ambitious remark called forth a general roar of laughter ** Aa f.Carrington, my boy P cned Markham, "Fm afraid your first m Greats is beyond the power of even a ghost to-secure. But come, let's have another trawl of punch, an^ bother take the ghost and all connected with bim !" Louder and wilder waxed the uproar under the in- fluence of the " second brew," and the evening's merry-making ended, as Oxford wine parties occa SKmafdxjlOjjn the disappearance of more than half the party under the table- the clamorous disper- sion of the rest in every direction except that of their own rooms-an unmerciful smashing of glasses, windows, and evelx furniture-and a number of bad headaches and official rebukes next morning The only two who escaped unscathed wereTalbo \ s and my self-Mbe Cumbrian1 from ms iron strength of head, and I from my natural indisposition to drink deeply We parted "at the foot of the stairs, but as the stal- wart Northerner strode- across the silent quadrangle, Ina huge figfurô looking shadowy and spectral under the fitful glimmer of the moonlight, an indefinable impulse prompted me to follow him to the entrance of the back quadrangle, m which lay the room that lie was to occupy The so-called "bock quadrangle" of St. Michael's ia in reality a long- straggling court, flanked on'one tide by the palisade of an adjoining wood yard, and on the other by the wall of the College itself, the farther end being formed by a projecting wing of the building, containing perhaps fifteen or twenty sets of rooms. As I bálteaattheendofthe dark passage which unites the two quadrangles, a cloud suddenly obscured the moonlight, casting a dim and cheer- less glqbni' over the whole space, which appeared to my excited -fancy-like the shadow of tho grave ad- vancing to swallow up my reckless companion. So ?tamgly did this idea take hold of my mind for the momemY,thatiI waa on the point of shouting to him to stop¿.but such childish fantasies had little hold upon the sturdy -Northman, who, caroling in a lusty. voice a fragment of some song which had taken his fanayWurmg the evening, marched steadily across the (open* space,-,and-vanished into the deeper ebadowaibeyoiid. ?As he disappeared, an overpower* jag terror, such as 1 had never before experienced, and of which I can only convey an idea by calling it lae terror.of expectation-the foreboding of a horror yat to oome^-seized upon me ; and, like a child sud- denly1 lets «lone-in-the dark, I fairly turned round sod lea back to my own rooms, as fleeing from some deadly peril. After /mch. a transgression of my usual habits as ii» midnight symposium of the evening before, it is not napnamg that I slept long and heavily. The first thing that disturbed me waa on unusual tumult in the bade quadrangle-a shouting, trampling, run- ning taaad fro, and banging of doora and windows, enc&ai; might bavearouaed anyone whose bedroom, like mine, abutted on the scene of the disturbance. I sprang to the window and looked outjustasoneof the men, with -whom I hod supped with the night be fors cameTimning past. ."Hallo!'Sargent," cried I "what's all this row aboutP": "TÜratft you heard P* he answered, halting for a moment. ," Talboys, the new Freshman, has been found-in a-flt on-the floor of his room." "Ja a fit* HoVs that T " rToobdy knows : we can't get a word out of him that any one can understand. I'm off to fetch a doc torjT.and'awayhoren. Aámay- belmagined, I was not-long in dressing after suck a reveille, and had just entered my sitting rooHi, wlran my scouVold Sam Thorpe (already in introduced to my readers by the conversation quoted above) made his appearance with the breakfast tray. Barn was a lean, undersized, hatchet-faced old fellow, trita small, deep set, cunning gray eyes, and a dried np leathery'face trenched with countless wrinkles, giving-ii' the look (as one of his masters quaintly observad) u of a ruined head haunted with ghost stories.'' - ' His age was an impenetrable mystery, college-traditions unanimously agreed in represent- ing bun as going about in the same snuff colored coat/and with the same antiquated appearance, as far'oaek as the memory could extend. He possessed " a considerable fund of out-of-the-way knowledge ; and was ft perfect mine of quaint old stories respect -ng the College and all connected with it, which he narrated with a homely and untaught eloquence that made him well worth listening to. "As a rule, Som ins always ready for achat; but on this occasion ha seemed in no hurry to begin. At length, having laid the table as solemnly as if he was making prepa- rations for my immédiate execution, he hazarded a remark. "Sad business.tbis, sir, of Muster Talboys I" " Have you heard how it happened ?" asked I. " I don't know nothing about it, sir, barring that Joe leggitt, the scout on that staircase, found Mus- ter Talboys a-Jying all along on the floor, with a face toat.like .one o' them stone statteys above the hall dooryonder ; and he can't even tell one 'ow it 'ap paned, poor.young genleman-only he keeps sayin' that the devil's in his room, and that he won't stay is it at no price ; so the doctors has had him shifted into Hoster Archer's rooms, on the next staircase." ? Ia, the doctor with him now, then P* "Tee, air,he's,there; but I don't know what he thinks of it oil-he won't say nothinV And old Sam glided away like a ghost. I made a hasty pretence of breakfast-to eat heartily was altogether beyond my power-and, Tuning down stairs, came face to face with the de- parting doctor, an old acquaintance of mine, who had ptdkd ms.very cleverly through a dangerous illness taught during a long vocation trip to Algeria. "unod morning, doctor ; what do you think of our patient now?" " TV eil,, my dear ox, it's rather premature to give any decided opinion yet. The nervous system has received a great shocks unquestionably-a very great anocK'; bot wo shall remove bim to lodgings in the town this afternoon, and 1 hope he may mend by jtaijl onall not have occasion to mention Talboys agtin ia the coarse of" my narrative, I may as well sotice, bera that be returned home again as soon as hWTiealth permitted him to travel, not reappearing till the following term-to the huge indignation of the authorities, who were ineffably scandalized at the occurrence of such an unaccountable catastrophe within the walls of St. .Michael's-an occurrence, as Htfhead of the College aptly defined it, " altogether unprovided for by the University statutes.") "But what do yoii think was the cause of it, then ; and what makes ulm talk about the devil, and aUttaiP* "Ifs impossible to, account for the vagaries of nature, my dear Sir," replied the doctor, who never, by any chance, gave a plain answer,if he could pos BUjJty avoid it. " It's a very curious case, and 1 ul- tana "7'triwjr a Careful study of it, 1 assure you ; but in the meantime it may.be just as well to set down thjUjhfiJiJhag.as.tJi9 effeciof .stomachic derange-. âtK brought on, so "doubt, by the heavy supper of laafrSfght. Good morning to you; I have several 'ot54r 5eits to pay." \- .í*Bó>'ao',«aymg,-the doctor vanished, leaving me plunged in reflections of a very haiwing nature, All the efforts which Tjnade to fathom (his myálen ouh catashopbe only sank me into deeper bewilder" meni Here was a man, health \, fearless unimagi natire as a man could be, with the ntrves of a soldier and the strength oí a pant, struck down all intone moment b> an agency of which ninety-nine menin a hundred would deny the very existence Whaj; was I to think r1 Had the supernatural, then, any real basis of fact? And was it now, after elud- ing my grasp ou the moonlit rocks of Brittany,- and beside the grim ruins of the Binna, in the pathless forests of Finland, and amid the revolting supersti- tions of the Lower Danube, starting up to confront me ia sober England, and, of all places, in the heart of a sceptical university ? In this unpleasant frame of ndna, I turned my steps almost unconsciously in the direction of the back quadrangle, and found old Sam ¡Thorpe flitting around the fatal spot like a raven on the battle held. ' Sam," said I, ""show me Mr Talboys' room " " Why, suv Mr Talboys ain't there now, he's on the next stair case " " Never mind that, iVs the room that I want to see."j , " $ut, bless you, sir, what*s the good, if you'll ex- | cuse any freedom, of looking at a room where there's nothing to see?" "ïhatfs my business, not yours Just tate me there at once " Sam, with manifest reluctance, led the way up the more distant of the three stAirs, and halted before a small door, on opening which I found myself in a rather dingy looking sitting room, furnished in the usual simple style, opening into a bedroom of smaller size, (but similar furniture. Except tho comfortless aspect characteristic of every room which is sud- denly reoccupied after a long term of neglect, there was, as Sam had forewarned me, nothing re- markable about either apartment; but I barely had timer to- look about me, wheu my eyes weie at- tracted by an object which riveted them (why, I could not tell,) to the exclusion of every other. This1, was a large rusty iron hook, driven into the 'ceiling of the' sitting room, apparently for the I purpose of suspending a hanging lamp. It is, no exaggeration to say that this hook dieik my .eyes to it as thejuagnet draws the needle ; and fo thoroughly was I engrossed with this seem- ingly insignificant object, that I failed to notice the eut j of my guide, who no sooner saw my attention diverted from him, than he slipped noiselessly out, and closed the door behind him. But the moment I found myself alone, a feeling rushed upon rue which I despair of expressing. To call it the instinctive consciousness of an invisiblo presence of evil, or the mixture of terror, disgust, and enthralment with whi<ih we looked for the first time upon a loathsome reptile or an executed criminal, give but a faint idea of its overwhelming intensity. I must borrow from tile words of an oldlegend what my own are power- less io convey ;_ " The young man was left alone ; and hardly did he find himself so, when, like a swarm of demons, the recollection of all his sins rushed on his mind, andrulee- furies armed-with fiery scourges, seamed determined to drive him to despair. Aß ho combated these horrible recollections, with distracted feelings, but with a resolved mind, he became aware thai his arguments were answered by the sophistry of an- other, and that the dispute was no longer confined to his own thoughts., The Author of Evil was present in the rdom with him in bodily shape, impressing upon him the desperation .of his state, and urging Buidde as the readiest mode of putting an end to his sinful career." This is, as it were, the shadow of what Ï felt; but the terrific reality is beyond tho powers of descrip- tion. With an effort like that with which one breaks from the oppression*of a nightmare, I flung open the door and rushed out, meeting on the staircase the spe<Jtral-fíguro and shriveled corpse-like visage of old Sam, who surveyed my con* uised features with a grin of ghastly curiosity. "'Well, sir, how do you like the room, now you have seen it P" , "Sam," answered I, looking him full in the face, "you know more of this than you pretend. J nat tell ( me all about it." " lawk, sir, how should I know anything P* fal- tered Sam, his cadaverous face turning a shade paler I than usual. " Doctor says itf s summut wrong wi' I theigenleman's stomach; and he ought to know, surely.'* '.(Ibis won't do, my man," answered I, catching I bimj by the arm, " Men are not to be frightened to death like this, and no one be able to tell how. Either you tell me all you know about this room, be- fore you stir, or III go straight to the warden and report you " Sam turned perfectly livid, and shook from head to foot. For a moment he seemed to hold counsel with himself, and then stammered out : " 111 tell you all you want to know, sir, but for 'eaven's sake, don't make me tell it .now. If you'll allow me, Til come to you at eight o'clock this evening, and give you the.whole story." "See that you do, then," said I, turning away; "for if not-^you know what I've promised you." All the rest of the day I was in a perfect fever of conflicting emotions. The unusual excitement of the evening before-the extraordinary events of the morning-my own unaccountable sensations in the haunted room, and the equally unaccountable terror of my old servant, all combined to throw me into a conidition^ little better than that of Talboys himself ; ano} I was in the humour to believe any tale of horror, however improbable, when, just on tho stroke of 8, the door opened, and old Sam's weazened face and lean corpse-like figure came gliding in. He seemed, however, in no haste to commence his dismal confi- dence ; and it needed the repetition of my threat of theimorning, and the stimulus of a large-glass- of brandy, to make him at length proceed as follows : "¡You must know, then, sir, that about forty years agot, not long a'ter I fust come to be a scout, them rooms o' Muster Talboys belonged to a genleman commoner (Muster 'Ammersley his name was), what had just come up from somewberes in the West. A small light built man he was to look at, with a smooth white face, just like a woman's, and never a hair upon it, barrin a little black moustache, as if somebody had done it with a pencil ; and altogether he looked such a dainty Jemmy Jessamy sort o chap, that some o' our big strappin' fellows in the College boat turned up their noses at him a bit, just at first, and thought he wam't good for nothin'. But he showed 'em different afore long, for he was just one of thom chaps as seems to b? able to do everythin' just as easy as eat their breakfast. He won the 'ígh jump, and the long jump too, at the College hatble tic sports ; and he walked to Woodstock in an 'our and a 'arf, for a bet o' five pound ; and when he went out ridin' (he was 'mazin' fond o' ridin', and he kep' a 'oss o' his own at Tollitt's.) it looked just as if him and his 'oss was j'ined together, like them Simoneae Twins the papers make sitch work about. And the fust November a'ter he cum up, when there was sitch a Town and Gown on the Fifth as never was, (I remember it well, for* I was out myself, as any young chap might to see the fun,) he went out and fought as if all the prize fighters in Lunnon had been in his skin ; and he picked out the best man o' the town, (Bill Dawson, the butcher twas, him they used to call " Mutton fist"-he's dead now,) and giv* http sitch a hidin', 'that Bul won't his own man agin tot a week. I tell you, Sir, it was hawful to see that fight ; Muster 'Ammersly minded the licks he got (and he got some 'orrid 'uns,) no more'n if they were mere flea bites ; and his eyes glared, and his lips worked, and his teeth gnashed, as if was goin' to fly at Butcher Bill's throat and drink his blood. And when I met Bill a while a'ter, and says to him u Bill, my boy, you've met your match at last I" says he, " Noa, I hain't ; 'eos why, that feller ain't a man at all- he's got the devil's strength and his own too 1" And somehow that savin' o' bisn stuck in my head, and wouldn't never go out agin, J* Of course, when all them things got abroad, our genlemen changed their tune wonderfully about MuBter 'Ainmerstey ; and, little by little, he got to te quite the champion 'o the College. But our dons did'nt like him so well at all ; for ne was a real wild un, if ever there was one. I don't say but what young gen'lemen will be a little wild now and then-thara only human natur' ; but this Muster 'Ammersley was out-and-out the wildest we ever had-there warn't nothin' on earth he wouldn't do, if once he got it in his 'ead; and what with drinkur\ and flghtuV, and card-playin', and breakin'of windows, and doin' other things besides, he got so into the black list with the warden and the f efiows, that at last they fairly began to think, o' makin' him take his name off the books." [That is, leave the College.] ** The worst thing about him was, that he did all them wicked things, not in a heat and a hurry, like most of our young genlemen, but as cool and quiet as if he was a-drawin' of a map; and you could always tell when he was at his wickedest, by his speakin' m a low, soft, sleepy kind o''Voice, and strokm* his little black moustache wi* his long white fingers ; and when he did that you might be sure there was some worse devilry tuan "usual comin'." , a It was about this time that summit 'appened which I never forgot, and never shall. There cum a letter one mórnin for Muster 'Ammersley, addressed in a lady's 'and, in one o' them narrow pink enve- lopes as young ladies are so fond of; and when I brought it him he looked at me with the wickedest look I ever see, as if wonderin* how I dared touch it ; but all to once he seemed to recollect hisself, and -waved his 'and to me to go out, and sat down to read. In about 'arf an hour I cum in agin to do up the room a bit, and there I seen the letter lyhV open on the table, and him stann* straight afore lum nke a man in a dream ; but tho minute he saw me his eyes glared like a dog just going to spring, and he called out, in a voice that made me shake all over, "Be off!" And I went off double-quick; for when his blood was up, Yd sooner have angered anything than him. ' But a while a'ter that, one of his grooms cum to Hoxford (for the young genleman'e father was powerful rieb, and kep' a whole drove o' ser- vants), and 1 met him at T. »llittfs, and we went and, 'ad some beer together, and I drew him about Muster 'Ammersley all he knew. And he told me as how the young genOeman *ad been sweet on some young lady as lived near him (as good and as pretty a one as ever stepped), and how they'd been engaged to be married; but when he got into these bad ways o' his, she took back her word, andgiV him up, thoagbit was like pallin Out a bit o her own heart to do it (Them was Tom's very words, and he had it all from her own maid, what was a sweetheart o' his.) Mayhap it 'ud ha' been better if she 'adn't gin him np, poor young genleman! considerin' how it all ended; but Goa knows what's best . "Well, Sir, it was about a year a'ter Muster 'Am inersley fust cum up, that an ugly story got abroad about some poor girl in *fhe town (the daughter o' one o' the college tradesmen), what he'd made love to and then played her false, so that she never held up her head agin. A very bad business it was, if 'arf was true as was said about it ; and our dons they held a Common-room on the job, and settled as how either Muster 'Ammersiey must clear biseelf o' narin' any 'and in it, or he must leave the college. Now, it 'appenedthat the very momin' o' the Com- mon-room another letter cum for the young genie man, and this time it was in a man's hand ; Dut as soon as he'd read it he tore it up and chucked it into the grate. There warn't no fir" lit ('eos o' its bein' Bummer), and so, when he'C gone out, I fell to, pick up the pieces, ant1 see ixl could make anything out of em. (Majhap, it warnt a very nice thing to do, but curWiy's Varsity strong sometimes.) However, it was so torn that there was only one bit I could make head or tail of, and that seemed to be just the fag-end o' the letter. This is wbat was written on it : " You have disgraced your aelf and me, and must abide the «»Sequences. I ?will give yon no help, and onlyieWét being still compelled to sign myself-your father, P. C. Ham .mersley." Then I remembered what Tom the groom had aaid about there being no love lost 'twixt father and son ; and. I guessed as how toe young gen'leman J I had got ¿atójeosle liäwful scfope/and bia guv*horJ wouldn't 'ein him out. " Muster ^Ammersley cum in agin towards a'ter noon, and aat like- a etona statloy for two er .three 'hours, takin* no heed o' me as I weut in and out, and not utterin' n sound, only tliat once I heerd lum him mutter : " I said ' may the devil take me if I wrong her;* and now I hare wronged her, and. ho will F About nightfall he« went out .agin, and there was some as said a'terwards (for nobody never.got at the rights o' the story) thai he went to' seme genlemen ho new, and lost a lot o' money at cards. Anyhow».^twixt 1 and 2 in tho mornin,' as I was a comin' across the back quad, (I'd bin sittin* up with old Higgins, the college messenger, what was rather bau that nighty) somebody comes through the passage from the front quad, and goes by me like a shadow; but a glimmer of moonlight fell on his face, and I knowed it in a minute. T?was Muster 'Ammers ley's face, and yet agin 'twasn't his-but somehow as if he was dead, and the de, ii had entered into his body. Up the stans he went as if, he had wings ; and I, just as..if somebody'd told me to do it, fol- iered, quietly a'ter him; but before I could get up he'd shut and locked his door. I heerd bim' fldgetin' about inside for a bit, as iüooküi'for summut ; and then he seemed to come out into the middle o' the room, and said, ihm voice like nothin' I ever heerd before nor since : " I curse with my last breath this room, and all that is in it, and all who shall come to it after me; and I give it over/to the, power of the devil, unto whom I go ; and may bis presence, and mine, and that of au things evil, possess it hence- forth for eyer and ever 1" ? " You wouldn't believe me, Sir, if I waa to tell you what a turn them words giv' me. 1 tried to call for help, but my tongue seemed to stiffen in my month, and everythin' went round with me as if I'd been drunk; and the next thing I remember is findin* myself at the foot o' the stair, with the mornin^ight jost comm' in the sky, and Jem Banks (him as was scout on the next staircase then) stoopin' over me. ** Why, Thorpe," says he, " 'ave you bin on the spree, that you lie rolhn' here this way ?" "* Jem,'says I, 'for 'eaven's sake come up quick to Muster 'Ainmersley's rooms; Cm afeared there's summit wrongV -Well, sir, up we went together; but it was too late ; he'd hung hisself to that 'ere big hoot in the middle o' tbeceilin',and them "words I beered was his last. .What's more,,Sir,tit's 'ap Sened somehow that them-rooma have never bin ved in since then, till Muster Talboys took 'em yes* terday ; and you see what he's got by itP The old man ceased, and looked inquiringly at me; but it waa.inTAin that-I attempted to answer him.. Strong as my nerves are (and I may say, without boasting, ti .at they have seldom failed me in time of need), I could not repress a shudder-fresh as I was from the dismal atmosphere of the fatal cham- ' ber-^at the thought of the scene which it had once witnessed. There rose up before me, like a night- , mare, the image of that desperate eelf-jdeatroyer in ' his lonely room. A cold cickness came over me, and i I bowed my head upon the table at-which I sat: when I looked up again, my companion had stolen silently away. 