UNCLE SILAS: A TALE OF BAETRAM-HAUGH. CHAPTER L. MTLLV's FABEWELL. B* J. 8. LE FAKU, •Lutlior of "Wylder'a Hand," "Tbellonae byUieChurcb yard." Ac. 4c. A few days' time saw me much better. Doctor Jolks was so contemptuously sturdy and positive on the point, that I began to have comfortable doubts about the reality of my ghost; and having still a horror indescribable of the illusion, if such it were, the room in •which it appeared, and everything concerning it," I would neither speak, nor, so far as I could, think of it. So, that Bartram-Haugh was gloomy as well as beautiful, and some of its associations awful, and the solitude that reigned there 6ometimes almost terrible, yet early hours, bracing exercise, and. the fine air that predominates that region, soon restored my nerves, to a healthier tone. liut it seemed to me that Bartram-Haugh was to be to me a vale of tears ; or rather, in my sad pilgrimage, that valley of the shadow of death through which poor Christian fared alone and in the dark. One day Milly ran into the parlour, pale, with" wet cheeks, and, without saying a word, threw her arms about my neck, and burst into a paroxysm of weeping. "What is it, Milly—what's the matter, , dear—what is it ?" I cried aghast, but returning her close embrace heartily. " Oh! Maud—Maud darling, he's going to send me away." "Away, dear! n-hcre away ? And leave me alone in this dreadful solitude, where he knows I shall die of fear and grief without you? Oh 1 no—no, it must be a mistake." " I'm going .to France, Maud—I'm going away. Mrs. Jolks is going to London, day ar'ter to- morrow, and I'm to go wi' her; and an old Freuch lady, he says, from the school will meet me there, and bring mo the rest o' the way." " Oh—ho—ho—ho—ho—o—o—o !" cried poor Milly, hugging me closer still, with her head buried in my shoulder, and swaying me aboat like a wrestler, in her agony. " I never wor away from home afore, except, that little bit wi' you over there at Elverston ; and you were wi' me then, Maud ; an' I love ye—better than Bartram—better than a'; an' I think I'll die, Maud, if they take ine awa." I was just as wild in my woe as poor Milly; and it was not until we had wept together for a full hour—sometimes standing—sometimes walking up and down the room—sometimes sitting and getting up in turns to fall on one an others necks,—that Milly, plucking her handkerchief from her pocket, drew a note from it at the same time, which, as it fell upon the floor, she at once recollected to be one fr&m;'Uncle Silas to me. It was to this cffect:— " I wish to apprise my dear niece and ward of my plans. Milly proceeds to an admirable French school, as a pensionnaire, and leaves this on Thursday nest, If after three months' trial she finds it in any way objectionable, she returns to ns. If, on the contrary, she finds it in all respects the charming residence it has been represented to me, you, on the expiration of that period, join her there, until the temporary complication of my afiairs shall have been so far adjusted as to enable me to receive you once more at Bartram. Hoping for happier days, and wishing to assure you that three inonths is the extreme limit of your separation from my poor Milly, I have written this, feeling alas ; unequal to seeing you at present. " Bartram, Tuesday. " P.S.—I can have no objection to your ap prising Monica Knollys of these arrangements, Yon will understand, of course, not a copy of • this letter, but its substance." Over this document, scanning it as lawyers , do a new Act of Parliament, we took comfort. After all, it was limited; a separation not to exceed three months, possibly much shorter. On the whole, too, I pleased myself with thinking Uncle Silas's note, though" peremptory, was kind. Our paroxysms subsided into sadness; a close correspondence was arranged. Something of the bustle and excitement of change supervened. . If it turned out to be, in truth, a " charming residence," how very delightful our meeting in France, with the interest of . foreign scenery, wayet and faces, would be ! So Thursday arrived—a sew gash of sorrow —a new brightening np—and, amid regrets and anticipations, we parted at the gate at the farther end of the Windmill Wood, Then, of course, were more good- byes, more embraces, ' and tearful smiles. Good Mrs. Jolks, who met-us there, was in a huge fuss; I believe it was her first visit to the metropolis, and she •was in proportion heated and important, and terrified about the train, so we had not many : last words. I watched poor Milly, whose head was . stretched from the "window, her hand waving • many adieux, until the curve of the road, and the clamp of old ash-trees, thick with ivy, hid Milly, carriage and all, from view. My eyes Med again with tears. I turned towards Bartram. At my side stood honest Mary Quince. , . ,; "Don't take on so, Miss; 'twon't be no -time passing; Ibree months is nothing at all," she said, smiling kindly. I smiled through my -tears and kissed the ...good creature, and bo side by side we re- 7 filtered the gate. ,-!:.•- Wie lithe" young man in fustian, whom I bad seen talking with Beauty on the morning of our first encounter with thatyonthfol Amazon, .^jw ayaitii^mr ..re-entrance with the key in Ills hand. Ho stood half behind the open wicket"; i ' One loan Jjrown Cheek, one shy eye, and hia sharp upturnod nose, I saw as we passed. "'Ho -was treating me to a stealthy scrutiny, and seemed to shun my glance,; for he shut the ioor quickly, and busied himself lockingit,, and thpn4iegan stabbing up some thistles which grew close by, with the too of. his thick shoo, his Jbacklo us iiU the time. •' Itstruck ine that! recognisfed his features, and I asked Mary Quince, "Have yon-seen-that young man before,. Quince "Hebringsrnp gamo; for jour uncle, sometimes. Hiss, and lends 'a Hand in the garden, TsaiBve.""; - — . , .'iSioVonirijDwJiiB'aamo, Mow" • "They «all.him,Tom^ Idont knowwhat tjp^opfe,-a8)ially vm, -he^lnpkj^ jqifIlls shapeless cap of rpbbit-Bkin'with nclownish "Tom, what iB your name,—Tom what, my good man ?" I asked. " Tom Brice, ma'am." " Haven't I seen-you before, Tom Brice ?" I pursued, for my curiosity was excited, and with it much graver feelings; for there certainly teas a resemblance in Tom's features to those of the postillion who had looked so hard at me as I passed the carriage in the warren at Know), on the evening of the outrage which had scared that quiet place. " 'Appen yon may have, ma'am," he answored, quite coolly, looking down the buttous of his gaiters. " Are you a good whip—do you drive well ?" " I'll drive a plough wi' most lads here about," answered Tom. Tom gaped very innocently. " Anan," he said. " Here, Tom is half-a-crown." Ah, that's fine 1" said he. " I can't say whether he applied the term to the coin, or to his luck, or tv my generous self. "{Now, Tom, you'll tell me, have you ever been to Knowl?" " Maught 'a bin, ma'am, but I don't mind no such place—no." As Tom spoke this with great deliberation, like a man who loves truth, putting a strain upon his memoir for its sake, he spun the silver coin two or three times into the air and caught it, staring at it the while, with all his might. " Now, Tom, recollect yourself, and tell me the truth, and I'll be a friend to you. Did you ride postilion to a carriage having a lady in it, and, I think, several gentlemen, which came to the grounds of Knowl, when the party had their luncheon on the grass, and there was a—a quarrel with the gamekeepers ? Try, Tom, to recollect; you 6liall, upon my honour, have no trouble about it, and Til try to serve you." Tom was silent, while with a vacant gape he watched the spin of his half-crown twice, and then catching it with a smack in his hand, which he thrust into his pockct, he said, still looking in the same direction— " I never rid postilion in my days, ma'am. I know nont o' sick a place, though happen I maught a' bin there; Knowl, ye ca't. I was ne'er out o' Derbyshire but thrice to Warwick fair wi' horses be iail, an' twice to York." " You're certin, Tom ?" " Sartin sure, ma'am.', And Tom made another loutish salute, and cut the conference short by turning off the path and beginning to hollo after some trespassing cattle. I had not felt anything like so nearly sure in this essay at identification as I had in that of Dudley. Even of Dudley's identity with the Church Scarsdale min, I had daily grown less confident; and, indeed, had it been pro posed to bring it to the test of a wager, I do not think I should in the language of the sporting gentlemen, have cared to " back" my original opinion. There was, however, sufficient uncertainty to make me uncomfortable, and there was another uncertainty to enhance the unpleasant sense of ambiguity. On our way back we passed the bleaching trunks and linibs of several ranks of barkless oaks lying sid^ by side, some squared by the hatchet, perhaps sold, for there were large letters and Soman numerals traced upon them in red chalk: I sighed as I passed them by, not because it was wrongfully done, for really rather leaned to the belief that Uncle Silas was well advised in pointof Jaw. But alas! here lay low the grand old family decoration of Bartram-Haugh, not to be replaced for centuries to come, under whose spreading boughs the Buthyns of three hundred years ago had hawked and hunted. On the trunk of one of these I sat- down to rest, Mary Quince meanwhile pattering about in unmeaning explorations. While thus listlessly seated, the girl Meg Hawkes, walked by, carrying a basket. "Hishl" she said quickly, as she passed without altering her pace or raising her eyes, " don't ye speak nor look—fayther spies us ; I'll tell ye next turn." " Next turn "—when was that? Well, she might be returning; and as she could not then say more than she had said, in merely passing without a pause, I concluded to wait for a short time and see what would come of it. After a short time I looked about me little, and I saw Dickon Hawkes—Pegtop, as poor Milly used to call him—with an axe in his hand, prowling luridly among the timber. Observing that I saw him, he touched his hat sulkily, and by-and-by passed ine, mutter- ing to himself. He plainly could understand what business I could have in that particular part of the Windmill Wood, and let me see it in his countenance. His daughter did pass me again ; bnt this time he was near, and she was silent. Her nest transit occurred as he was questioning Mary Quince at some little distance; and as she passed precisely in the same way, she said— " Don't you be alone wi' Master Dudley nowhere for the ^world's worth." The injunction was so startling that I was on the point of questioning the girl.' But I recollected myself, end waited in the hope that in her future transits she might be more explicit. But one word more she did not utter, and the jealous eye of old Pegtop was so constantly upon as that I refrained. There was vagueness nnd suggestion enough in the oracle to (supply work for many an hour of anxious conjecture, and many,a horrible vigil by .night. Was I never to know peace at Bartram-Haugh ? , Ten Says of poor Milly's absence, and of my Bolitade. had already passed, when my uncle sent for me to his room. When old Wyat stood at the door, mumbling and snarling her message, my heart died within me. It was late—just that hpur when dejected people feel their anxieties most' when the cold grey of twilight has deepened to its darkest shade, and before the cheerful candles are lighted, and the safo quiet of the night bets in. . ' -When I entered my ancle's fitting-Mom— though his window- shutters were open and the van streaks of snnfeet visible "through them, like narrow lakeB in the chasms ofthe dark western clouds—a pair ofcandlep. \yerp burning; one stood upon the t&ble; by his desk, the other on, the chunneypiece, before which) his the mantelpiece,iflnd the light from the- candle• just above his howed head touched his eilveiy -hfir. 'He was looking;wit«oemBd, into the' subsiding ombers of the -fire, -and- was a very ^tatpoofifor6toh:d^eotipiiAn{l46cay.|' " TJMeV'f^entoriefl 46 1 say,'-having ntoqdfor some time nnperceived near his table. 'j " Ah, yes, Maud, my dear child—my dear child."- • He turned, and with the candle in his hand, smiling his silvery smile of suffering on me. He walked more feebly and stiffly, I thought, than I had ever seen him move before. " Sit down, Maud—pray sit there." I took the chair he indicated. " In myTnisery and my solitude, Maud, I lia\e invoked you like a spirit, and you appear,"' - With his two hands leaning on the table, he looked across at me, in a stooping attitude; he had not seated himself. I continued silent nntil it should be his pleasure to question or address me. At last he said, raising himself and looking upward, with a wild adoration—his finger-tips elevated and glimmering in the faint mixed light— " No, I thank my Creator, I am not quite forsaken." * Another silence, during which he looked steadfastly at me, and muttered, as if thinking aloud— " My guardian angel 1—my guardian angel! Maud, you have a heart." He addressed me suddenly—" Listen, for a few moments, to the appeal of an old and broken-hearted man —yourguardian—your uncle—yam-suppliant. I had resolved never to speak to you more on this subject. But I was wrong. It was pride that inspired me—mere pride." I felt myself growing pale and flushed by turns during the pause that followed. " I'm very miserable—very nearly des-1 perate. What remains for me—what re-! mains 1 Fortune has done ber worst— j thrown in the dust, her wheels rolled over, me; and the servile world, who follow her ] chariot like a mob, stamp upon the mangled ! wretch. All this had passed over me, and left ! me scarred and bloodless in this solitude. It j was not mj fault, Maud—I say it was no fault of mine ; I have no remorse, though more regrets than I can count, and all scored with fire. As people passed by Bartram, and looked upon its neglected grounds and.smokeless chimneys, they thought my plight, T dare say, about the worst a proud man could be reduced to. They could not imagine one half its miser}'. But this old hectic—this old epileptic—this old sptcre of wrongs, calaunties, and follies, had still one hope—my manly thou scioa him f nis iaie—my rate—i may say .u>ttys fate;—we all await your sentence. "He loves you, as none but the very young can love, and that once only in a life. He loves you desperately—a most affectionate nature—a Ruthyn, the best blood in England—the last man of the race; and I—if I lose him I lose all; and you will see me in my coffin, Maud, before many months. J stand before you in the.attitude of a suppliant—shall I kneel!"' His eyes were fixed on me with the light of despair, his knotted hands clasped, his whole figure bowed toward me. I was inexpressibly shocked nnd pained. " Oh, uncle ! uncle !" I cried, and from very excitement I buist into tears. I Saw that bis eyes were fixed on me with a dismal scrutiny. I think he divined the nature of my agitation ; but he determined, notwithstanding, to press me while my helpless agitation continued. " You see my suspense — you fie mv miserable and frightful suspense. You nre kind, Maud ; you love your father's memory: j'ou pity your father's brother; you would not Eay no, and place a pistol at his head'?" "Ohi I must—I must—I must ear no. Oh! spare me, uncle, for Heaven's sake. Don't question me—don't press me. I could not—I could not do what you ask." " I yield, Maud—I yield, my dear. I will not press you; you shall have lime, your omi time, to think. I will accept no answer now —no, none, Maud." He said this, raising his thin hand to silence me. " There, Maud, enough. I have spoken, as I always do to you, frankly, perhaps too frankly; but agony and despair will speak out, and plead, even with the most obdurate and cruel." With these words Uncle Silas entered his bed-chamber, and shut the door, not violently, but with a resolute hand, and I thought*! heard a cry. I hastened to my own room. I threw myself on mv knees, and (banked Heaven for the firmness vouchsafed me; I could not believe it to have been my own. I was more miserable in consequence of this renewed suit on behalf of my odious cousin than I describe. My uncle bad taken such a line of importunity that it became a sort of agony to resist. I thought of the possibility of my hearing of his having made away with himself, and was every morning relieved when I beard that he was still as usual. I Lave often wondered since at my own firmness. In that dreadful interview with my uncle I had telt, in the whirl and horror of my mind, on the very point of submitting, just as nervous people are said to throw themselves over precipices through sheer dread of falling. CHAPTER Li. S/UUH MATILDA OOMES TO LIGHT. Some time after this interview, one day as I sat, sad enough, in my room, looking listlessly from the'window, with good Mary Quince, whom, whether in the house or in my melancholy rambles, I always had by my side, I was startled by the sound of a loud and shrill female voice, in violent hysterical .action, gabbling.with great rapidity, sobbing, and very nearly screaming in a tort of fury. I started up, staring at the door. " Lord bless us!" cried honest' Mary Quince, with round eyes and mouth agape, staring in the same direction. " Slary—Mary, what'cab it be 1 ?" " Are they beating some one down yonder ? I don't know where it cawes from," gasped Quince. •• ' • ' ' "•'•>• " I trill—I will—I'll see her. It's her I want. -<-Oo—hoo—hop—boo—op—o 1—Miss Moud Rutbyn of Knowl. Miss Ruthyn of Knowl. - Hoo—boo—bpo-r-oo !"•. , "What on earth can it be?" I exclaimed, in.great hewildermetat nnd terror. : : It was now plainly very near indeed, and I heard the voice' ofour mild 'and shaky, old butler evidently remonetrating with the distressed damsel.: ^J'll Bee her,", she continued, pduring o torrent of vile abuse^trpojmp, which stung mp ttitb & sudden sense df soger. What had I dotfe to be afraid of anyone ?' How dared rinjnn6jn^ intx'fiOT^BmBau^wjth ILbr deteBtabVicur-" rilitaesf " ^i^s^M^syia "For Heaven'b SBke, Miss, don't ye go creature." -« - =- - - ,„ Bat I was very angry, and, like & fool as I was, I thre w open the door, exclaiming in a loud and haughty key— " Here is'Miss Ruthyn of Knowl. Who wants to see her V A pink and white young lady, with Hack tresses, violent, weeping, shrill, voluble, was flouncing up the last stair, and shook her dress out on theJobby; end poor old Giblets, as Milly. used to call him was following iuher wake, "with jnsny small remonstrances and entreaties, perfectly unheeded. The moment I looked at this person, it struck me that she was the identical lady whom I had seen in the carriage at Knowl Warren. The next moment I was in doubt; j the next, still more 60. She was decidedly j thinner, and dressed by no means in 6ucu lady-like taste. Perhaps she was hardly like her* at all. I began to distrust all these [ resemblances, and to fancy, irilh a sbadder, | that they originated, perhaps, only in my own / sick brain. ,*- j On seeing me, this yoting»^ady—as it | seemed to me, a good deal of the barmaid or j lady's-maid species—dried her eyes fiercely, • and, with a flaming countenance, called upon | me peremptorily to produce her " lawful j husband." Her loud, insolent, outrageous | attack bad the §ffect of enhancing my indig- ! nation, and I quite forget what I said to her, j but I well remember that her manner became a good deal more decent. She was plainly under the impression that I wanted to nppropriate her husband, or, at least, that be wanted to marry me ; and she ran on rt such n pace, and ber harangue was 60 passionate, incoherent, and unintelligible, that I thought her out of her mind: she was far from it, however. I think if she had allowed roe even a second for reflection, I should have bit upou her meaning. As it was, nothing could exceed mv per) lexitv, until, plucking a soiled news- | paper trom Lei' pocket, she indica'cd a par- ; ticular paragraph, already sufficiently ein- I phasised by double lines of red ink at its sides, j It was a Lancashire paper, of ahout six weeks j since, ana very much worn and soiled for its | age. I remember in particular a circular j stain from the bottom of a vessel, either of j cofl'ee or blown stout. The paragraph was as : follows, recording an event a year or more ! anterior to the date of the paper":— tilda, second daughter of John Mangles, Esq., of Wiggan, in this county." At first I read nothing but amazement in this announcement, but in another moment I felt how completely I was relieved; and showing, I believe, my intense satisfaction in my countenance—for the young lady eyed me with considerable surprise and curiosity— I said— " This is extremely important. You must see Mr. Silas Ruthvn this moment. I am certain he knows nothing of it. 1 will conduct you to him." " No more he does—I know that myself," she replied, following me with a self-asserting swagger, and a great rustling of cheap silk. As we entered, Uncle Silas looked up from bis sofa, and closed his Hectie d?s Viiu JJolUll'S. " What is all this ? be enquired, drily. " Tliis lady has brought with her a newspiiper containing an extraordinary statement which affects our ijinily," I unsH^red. Uncle Silas raised hiuiself, and looked with a hard, narrow scrutiui' at the unknown young lady. " A likel, I suppose, in the paper ?" he said, extending his hand for it. 'No, uncle—no; only a marriage," I answered. " Kot Monica ?" he said, as lie took it. " Pah, it smells all over of tobacco and beer,' he added, throwing a little 13au de Cologne over it. He raised it with a mixture of curiosity and disgust, saying again *' pah," as he did so. He read the paragraph, and as he did his face changed from white all over to lead colour. He raised his eyes, and looked steadily for some seconds at the young lady, who seemed a little awed by his strange presence. And you are, I suppose, the young lady, •Sarah Matilda nte JIangiee, mentioned in this little paragraph ?" lis said, in a tone you would have ca'led a sneer, were it not that it trembleJ. Sarah Matilda assented. " My son is, I dare say, within reach. It so happens that T wrote to amis', his jotrney, and summon him here, some days since— some days since—some days since." be repaated slowly, like a person whose mind has wandered far away from the theme on which he is speaking. He bad rung his bell, and old Wyat, always hovering about his rooms, entered. " I want my BOB, immediately. If not in the bouse, send Harry to the stables; if not there, let him be followed instantly. Brice is an active fellow, and will know where to find bim. If he is in Feltraro, or at a distance, let Brice take a horse, end Master Dudley can ride It back. He must be here without the loss of one moment." There intervened nearly a quarter of anboar, daring which, whenever he recollected her, Uncle Silas treated the yoniig lady with % hyper- refined end ceremonious politeness, which appeared to make her uneasy, and even & little shy, and certainly prevented a renewal of those lamentations and invectives which be had heard faintly from the" stairhead. But for the most jiart Uncle Silas seemed to forget ,tis and his book, and all that surrounded him, lying back in the corner of his sofa, his chin upon bis breast, and such a fearful shade and carving on his features as made ine prefer looking In any direction but At length we heard, the tread of Dudley's thick boots on the bale boards,. and faint and muffled the sound of his voice as he crossexamined old Wyat before entering the chamberof audieoce, .. I think he suspected quite another visitor,- and, hed no : expectation of: seeing the particular yonng lady, who rose from her ibanas he enterad, in an ^opportune flood of tears, t Oh, Dudley, Dudley J—pb, Dudley, could you ? . Ob, I)udla3', your own ipppr, ;Sal! You could not—you would not—your,lawful w i f r i r ' v - - r v ; , ^ ilfhjs^&d; good ileal more,; with cheeks thftt , .streamed Jike a window^Minb In - all' ierrowtory,* working liis *arai, ^hich IsL6 clung to, up and down all the time, Jike' the handle of a pump. But Dudley was, manifestly, confounded and dumbfoundered. JJe stood for a long timegr.ping at his father, and stole just one sheepish glance at mej and, with red face and forehead, looked down at bis boots, nnd then again at liis father, who remained just in the attitude I have described, and with the same forbidding and dreary intensity io his strange face. Like a quarrelsome man worried in his sleep by a noise, Dudley suddenly woke up, as it werp, with a start, in a half-suppressed exasperation, and shook her off with a jerk and a muttered curse, as she whisked involuntarily into a chair, with more violence than could have been pleasant. " Judging by your looks nnd demeanour, sir, I can almost anticipate your answers," said my uncle, addressing him suddenly. " Will vou be good enough—pray, madame (parenthetically to our visitor), command yourself for a few moments. Is this young person the daughter of a Mr. Mangles, and is her name Sarah Matilda f" " I dessay," answered Dudley, hurriedly. " Is she vour wife?" " Is she my wife ?" repeated Dudley, ill at ease. " Yen, sir; it is a plain question." Ail this time Sarah Matilda was perpetually breaking into talk, and with difficulty silenced by my uncle. " Well," 'appen she says I am—does she ?" replied Dudley. " Is she your wife, sir."" "Mayhap she so considers it, after a fashion," be replied, with an impudent swagger, seating himself as he did so. " What do you think, sir ?" persisted Uncle Silas. " I don't think nout about it," replied Dudley, surlily. " Is that account true ?" said my uncle, handing him the paper. " They wishes us to believe so, at any rate." " Answer directly, sir. We have our thoughts upon it. If it be true, it is capable of ecery proof. For expedition's sake I ask you. There is no use in prevaricating." " Who wants to deny it / It it truethere !" " Time! I knew he would," sAeamed the young woman, hysterically, with a laugh of strange joy. " Shut up, will ye ?" growled Dudley, savagely. " Oh, Dudlev, Dudley, darling ! what have I done r " Bin and ruined me, jest—that's all. " Oh ! no, no, no, Dudley. Ye know I wouldn't. I could not—could not hurt ye, Dudley. No, no, no!" He grinned at her, and, with a sharp side-nod, said— " Wait a bit." "Oh, Dudley, don't be vexed, dear. I did not mean it. I would not hurt ye for all the world. Never." " Well, never mind. You and yours tricked me finely; and now you've got me— that's all." My uncle laughed a very odd laugh. " I knew it, of course; and upon my word, madam, you and he make a very pretty couple," sneered Uncle Silas. Dudley made no answer, looking, however, very savage. And with this poor young wife, so recently wedded, the low villain had actuallv solicited me to many bim ! I am quite certain that my uncle was as entire! v ignorant as I of Dudley's connection, and had, therefore, no participation in this appalling wickedness. And 1 have to congratulate you, my good fellow, on having secured the affections of a very suitable and vulgar young womau." " I buint the first o' the family as a' done the same," retorted Dudley At this taunt ,Xhe old man's fury for a moment overpowered hiui. In an instant he was on his feet, quivering from head to foot. I never saw such a countenance—like one of those demon-grotesques we see in the Gothic side-nisles and groimngs—a dreadful grimace, monkey-like and insane—and bis tuin hand caught up his ebony stick, and shook it paralytically in the air. " If ye touch me wi' that, I'll smash ye, by !" shouted Dudley, furious, raising his hands and hitching his shoulder, just as I had seen him when he fought Captain Oakley. * For a moment this picture was suspended before me, and I screamed, I know not what, in my terror. But the old man, the veteran of many a scene of excitement, where men disguise their ferocity in calm tones, and varnish tbeir fury with smiles, had not quite lost bis self-command. He turned toward me and said— " Does he know what lie's saying ?' And with an icy-laugh of contempt, bis high, thin forehead still flushed, he sat down trembling. " It you want to say aught, I'll hear ye. Ye may jaw me all ye like, and I'll stan' it" " Oh, I may speak ? Thank you," sneered Uncle Silas, glancing slowly round at me, and breaking into a cold laugh. "Ay, I don't mind cheek, not I'j but you must not go for to do that, ye know. Gammon. I won't stand a blow—I won't fro' no one. "Well, sir, availing myself pf your permission to speak, I may remark, without offence to the young lady, that I don't happen to recollect the "name Mangles among the old families- of England. I presume yon have chosen her chiefly fer her virtues and her graces." Mrs. Sarah Matilda, not apprehending this compliment quite as Uncle Silas, meant it dropped a courtesy, notwithstanding her agitation, and; wiping her eyes, said, with a blubbered smile—~ " You're very kind, sure." "I hope, for both sakes, she has got! a little money. I don't Bee how' you are to live else. You're too lazy for a gamekeeper: and I don'4 think you could keep a'pot-house " you are so addicted to drinking and quarrelling;. The only thing I am quite clear upon is that you and your wife must find some other abode than this. You skull depart thisjevenin^: and now, Mr. and Mrs. Dndley yon may quit this room if you please?' " . r Uncle Silas had risep, and madpt them ono of Jits old hartley bows.smiling a'dea$i*Iike sneer,- and . pointing to. the door -with Ihis : toemblinghngers. ' \ - rt« . jM+il .. '^Cdm^lljfof'^ssid bis teptb. 5!®oji*re pretty well done tere?'4~ #reweir«ourt&V; at thbdopr.^'- . (poking about, he strode after her from tbe room. 1 " Maud, how shall I recover this ? vulgar villain—the Jool 1 What an !i|,vss were we, approaching! and for methel^t hepe gone—and for me utter, utter, irretrit\\. able ruin." He was passing his fingers tremulously back and forward along tbe top of the mantel", piece, like a man in search of something, and continued so, looking along it, feebly end vacantly, although there was nothing there. " I wish, uncle—you do not know bo* much I wish—I could be of any use to von 3 Maybe I can?" ' He turned, and looked at me sharply. " Maybe you can," he echoed slowly. " Yes, maybe you can," be repeated more briskly. Let us—let us see—let us thinkthat a fellow I—my head !" " You're not well, uncle ?'' " Oh ! yes, very well. We'll talk in the evening—I'll send foi you." I found Wyat in the next room, and told her to hasten, as I thought he was ill. I hope it was not very selfish, bnt such had grown to be my horror of seeing him in one of his strange seizures, that I hastened from the room precipitately—partly to escape the risk of being asked to remain. The walls of Bartram House are thick, and the recess at the doorway deep. As I closed my uncle's door, I heard Dudley's voice on the stairs. I did not wish to be seen by him or by his " lady," as his poor wife called herself who was engaged in vehement dialogue with him as I emerged, and not caring either to reenter my uncle's room, I remained quietlr ensconced within the heavy door-case, ia which position I overheard Dudley sav with a savage snarl— " You'll jest go back the way ye came, /'m not goin' wi' ye, if that's wh'at ye be drivin' at—dang your impitins!" " Oh! Dudley, dear, tuluit have I done— what have I done—ye hate me so ?" " What a' ye done ? ye vicious little beast, ye! You've got us turned out an' disinherited wi' yer d d bosh, that's all; don't ye think it's enough ?" I could only hear her sobs and shrill tones in reply, for they were descending the stairs; and Mary Quince reported to me, in a horrified sort of way, that she saw him bundle her into the fly at the door, like a truss of hay into a hay-loft. And be stood with his head in at the window, scolding her, till it drove away. "I knew he wor jawing her, poor thing! by the way be kep* waggin' his head—au he had his fist inside, a shakin' in her face. I'm sure he lcoked wicked enough for anything; an' she a crying like a babby, an' lookin' back, an' wuvin' Ler wet bankicher to him— poor thing!—and she so young ! 'Tis a pitv. Dear me! I often think, Miss, 'tis tt-ell for me I never was married. And see how ire all would like to get husbands for all that, though so few is happy together. 'Tis a queer world, and them that's single is mavbe tbe best of after all." (To be continued.) CERTIFICATE OP COMPETE.VCV TO SHEARERS.—A veir good plan for rewjriiiny ; shearers has been adopted by Mr. E. Flood, Jun., J.p., in bis Quambone shed, one of the largest in the district. He intends to gire ail the shearers deserving of them, certificates fur good shearing and conduct; and there is do doubt the possession of this mark of excellence wiil improve tbeir chances of getting on in other sheds. Every prudent squattur nil! employ the certificated seeker for shearing before one who doi>s not possess the recommendation. * However, to make the plan ct aracli service it must be generally adoj.tei, and if it is, flockotvners will very soon reap , the benefit. When they have none but men wi'ii certificates employed in the sheds, there j is a guarantee that the sheep will be well: cleanly shorn. The plan will also be tlsl means of inducing more-orderly conduct ill the sheds; for one of the necessaries, before] .obtaining the certificate, is "good conduct,'j We recommend this idea of Mr. Flood's jbe squatters not only in tbe north-west, b elsewhere, and we feel certain that if it is I generally carried into operation, uncalculabil benefits will be reaped both by squatters strif their employes.—Dubbo Dispatch. Mil. BOWLER'S HOESES.—Valentine a Formosa, says the sporting contributor to t Weekly Times arrived at Fiemington osl Monday, and now occupy twp of the sntifl stone boxes at the Flemington racecoural They are tinder the care of W. Yeomans, rltl formerly rode' and trained for Mr. Bowler, mil tbe Cup h'orse Valentine is therefore awl likely to hive justice done him than on tbl former occasion of his visit I saw the pairica their boxes on Tuesday, and there can b| no doubt that those who backed Form osl for the Derby had good grounds for to doiif! as she is one of the finest fillies that I seen for many a day, displaying a combinatiil of strength and quality rarely seen in an country nag. She is by Snowdon oat i Baroness; and is a dark grey, with treu)end<e| propelling power, plenty of length, a pi set of legs, and I see no reason wby should not prove herself even superior el AntelopB, Mr. Bowler's Derby represents^! in My Dream's year. 8he evidently has d^l lots of 'work, and though a little rough I travelling 300 miles, is in great heart, t»f leaves not an oat that is given to & Valentine too has done his share, e^' would not be in the fettle be is, and I foj that Yeomans is quite capable of making Mf 101b better than when be last ran at FlemiiH ton. Doefoot was to have accompanied " pair, but having unfortunately met witM accident, she had to be left behind. TBB-cod-fith ol our river have, it«eemi,»« of living on etch other, which moat be ntber < to the 6D»1I end weak member* of tbe fi°°. r 1 munit;. Mr John Clerko, of Gillensioo, i " pondent informs ua {Gvndagai Stno) - caught on two lines .four cod-fish, tbe Urofmj^J wbieb,'weighing 21b(.'imd OJlbs. respw 11 "'?' been aweUowrfj the former bj a 14lb, fish, ' br j lv ona weighing «lb». From the feetof wards taking Mr Clarke's bait, it may beaiEM>«g the flih catenlbals—if eucti a term is aUowW^a not .satiated by the wpaet they bad muK-up® . ctn&Uer;'brethren. j Wb (BemWyd Independent) understood ^J] Eer. W.Tjremui, of Maiy'e ChuwJ, *>»R1 Hint, baa been itispMed from tbe incumbent parish, by the 'Archdeacon of Ca^. mwl, it3 •reiion-for Mr'Tj-remao'e gmpensiou, u o«WJ baring been reported to tbe autboritiei ot tM -tEugla^, ihet be « «3> e,i " or 1 i, \i t „ h 'b,' P o aun tie xai'oeen venerea, iiu ^u™ J |r!!!llM «Mrermmt«.^nd apiritiiu in tbia citfi"*"^! Ulmli^Vuwhof his otrtl in 8andbutf,'»J[£l ^gj^pfijeh'tbe Ajctrinae that hare M # *»' 