POLITICAL DIALOGUES. No. 1. before tllfe battle. Scene — The Premier's Chambers, Ministers discovered discussing sandwiches and the situation. Martin loquitur. What blessed cheek ! Odds fish, boys ! what d'ye think ? Why here we are upon the very brink Of such a jolly row as, since the Titans Were locked up, seldom mortal ears affrislitens, And on the very eve of this great shindy On which hang all our screws, here's that muff, Windy, Wants to desert his post, to cut his stick ; Says of the game of politics he's sick ; Thinks his profession much a fitter sphere — (Faith, I don't differ from the fellow there) Has had an offer of a first-rate billet — (Of course he's just the first-rate chap to fill it,) And goes — 0 Lord ! this licks the Murrumbidgee — To take the first Chief Justice-ship of Fiji ! Robertson. A Fiji chief ! by Jove, he'll make a ripper, Not Cacobau himself a finer clipper ; I tell you what, old man, just let him slide, The gentle youth I never could abide. (sings) When a stuck-up young man takes to politics' trade, 'Stead of minding his work at the Bar, You can easily see of what stuff he is made, When he brags of his famous papa ; He may brag, he may bounce, he may blather and blow, But for all that I ever could see — If my candid opinion you'd like, sir, to know — He may go to the Fijis for me. He may go, he may go, He may go to the Fijis for me. Martin. By Mars ! he mayn't. What, all the shindy shirk ! Besides, you know, the chap does all my work. (Enter Windeyer.) Young man, put your ambition in your pocket, And earn your salary, or Lord shall dock it. Windeyer. What, can't I go ? then, by my father's ghost— Martin. Young man, don't joke — against us there's a host Of hungry foes, all thirsting for our screws, And think you, then, can I afford to lose ! One certain vote, though 'twere but of a monkey, i One blatant voice, thongh but of braying donkey ? No more o' that ; and now to business, boys, I've just been playing with my soldier toys ; They handle splendidly — six nursemaids swore So fine a sight they'd never seen before ; They've gone to dinner now, and, by the way, A requisition, Lord, for more pipeclay. Lord. Oh dear ! Oh dear ! I would I'd ne'er been born, Th' account, Sir James, has long been overdrawn. Martin. Hang the account ! What, shall my army want For pipeclay ? By the holy cross it shan't. Stick to me, colleagues — Wilson, Windeyer, Docker — Fork out, though 'twere the last shot in the locker. Lord. It's worse than that, so help me, may I never — The locker's empty as Martin. Your head, old shaver. What if it be, sir ? all the reason more To give the rhino. What d'you think you're for ? Lord. It can't be done, Sir James — it can't, indeed. You're so unpunctual, Ma-tin. Ah, I see you read Troll ope, you cunning dog ; you thundering screw — Upon my life you're worse than any Jew. Robertson. Ajew-sed sight ; when, but the other day, I asked him to advance us six months' pay, And offered our joint Land Bill as security. He answer'd, " Bah ! 'twill never reach maturity." All. Shame! Treason! Traitor! Lord. Gents, as I'm a lord, Of that 'ere story don't believe a word. The bill he offered was Robertson. Ah ! would you, knave, My word dispute (seizes a decanter). I'll teach you to behave. Martin. Order within the ranks. 'Shon, shoulder, hup ! Lord, you're as vicious as a poison'd pup ; Apologise to my distinguished friend, And, after lunch, don't fail the pipeclay send. Wilson. Ay, mon ! boot sich a trifle why sich fuss ? The Land Bill, we a' ken's nae worth a cuss. Jest shell the siller oot for these puir beauties, And pay yoursel', mon, frae the Border Duties. Lord. Yes, when we get them. Martin. When we get them ! now, As I'm a knight, I will kick up a row. D'you mean to say, you craven man of figures, I won't collect my duties from the niggers ? D'you mean to say, because he cut up huffy, I cared two tizzies for that spalpeen, Duffy ? And shall I now give in— eat humble pie ? A thousand noes — I'd rather Robertson. All my eye. Talk's cheap, but, if this child's not much mistaken, You must knock under, if you'd save your bacon. Martin. Bacon be blowed. Why, man, we'd such a lot ef it Upon my ward, I'd think myself well shot of it. Docker. Hear, hear ! Before again you stretch your legs, Bring in a bill to put down ham and eggs. Martin. Thanks for the hint — but if you mean to say Those Border fellows won't their duties pay, Bacon or not, I'll crush the rash disorder, I'll march my gallant army to the Border ; And he who dares to cheat my mill of grist Shall meet the great Von Martin fist to fist. Robertson . Yes, go, old man, for wool, and come back shorn ; I tell you true, your grinding won't be borne — The country's up, already, and you've seen her In arms before — this self-same Riverina. As well attempt to turn her angry mood, As stem her rushing river's raging flood. In P. R. phrase she's what is termed a " slogger Just read this paper, here, from Wagga Wagga, And if don't stand on end your every hair, For "Votes of Censure" never more I'll care. Martin. Ha ! ha ! I know the place, I know the man— I'll give 'em a free bridge ; yes, that's the plan ; It's just what I expected from that quarter, Poor devils, for they're always in hot water. And that reminds me, boys, I've got a brief To study, so be off ; and, Lord, you thief, The pipeclay, don't forget, or by my belt, Better be in your grave than in your pelt. Exeunt omnes. — — 