Luminous Plants. In 1843, the luminosity of plants was recorded in the Proceedings of the British Association. Mr. R. Dowden is said to have made mention of a luminous appearance on the double variety of the common marigold. This circumstance was noticed on August 4, 1842, at 8 clock p.m., after a week of very dry weather. Four persons observed the phenomenon. By shading off the declining daylight, a gold-coloured lambent light appeared to play from petal to petal of the flowers, so as to make a more or less interrupted corona round its disc. It seemed as if this emanation grew less vivid as the light declined ; it was not examined in darkness. When this subject was discussed, Dr. Allman expressed his opinion that the phenomenon was not at all due to phosphorescence, but was referable to a state of the visual organ, that is, an optical illusion. This led Mr. Babington to mention that he had seen, in the South of England, a peculiar bright appearance produced by the presence of the Schistostega pennata, a little moss, which inhabited caverns and dark places ; but this, too, was ob- jected to by a member present, who stated that Professor Lloyd had examined the Schistostega, and had found that the peculiar luminous appearance of that moss arose from the presence of small crystals in its structure, which reflected the smallest portion of the rays of light. These remarks having been published in the Gardeners' Chronicle , Dr. Edward Lankester, in a succeeding num- ber, communicated some observations on the subject of luminosity, in plants more especially, in which he referred to many of the facts of luminosity which had been recorded. " The light from the moss," he says, " mentioned by Mr. Babington has also been observed in Germany on another species (Schistostega osmundacea). It has been observed by Funk, Brandenberg, Nees von Esenbeck, Hornschuh, and Strove. Bridel-Brideri and Agardh attributed this light to a email alga, which the former called Catoptridium emaraedinum, and the latter Protococcus smaragdinus, which they supposed occupied the moss. Unger, however, has examined the moss accurately, and finds that at certain seasons the peculiar utricles of this moss assume a globular form, and being partially transparent, the light is refracted and reflected in such a way as to present a luminosity on the surface of the vesicles. Meyen says he has confirmed Unger's observations." With regard to the light given out from flowers, the, doctor cites Christina Linne, Linnæus, the younger Linnæus, Haggren, Crome, Zawadski, Hagen, Johnson, and the Duke of Buckingham as amongst the observers whose experiences have been recorded. The plants enu- merated by him are the nasturtium (Tropajolum majus), the sunflower (Helianthus annuus), the marigold (Calen dula officinalis), African and French marigolds (Tagetes erecta and Tagetes patula), martagon lily (Lilium chalce- donicum and Lilium bulbiferum), the tuberose (Polyanthes tuberosa), poppy (Papaver orientale) chrysanthemum (Chrysanthemum inodorum), evening primrose (Œnothera macrocarpa), and Gorteria rigens. In addition to the observations on the light of flowers, there are some on the phosphorescence and luminosity of sap. Mornay describes a tree in South America called Cipo de cunaman, with a milky juice, which gave out in the dark a bright light, Martins, also, in a plant which he named Euphorba pbosphorea, says that, when wounded, the sap gave out a light. To these instances is added a reference to Senebier, who observed in his experiments on arums, on one occasion, when confining an arum in oxygen gas, that it gave out light as well as heat. On the same page of the Gardeners' Chronicle on which Dr. Lankester's observations are printed, another corres- pondent expresses surprise that any doubt should be thrown on the luminosity of plants. " For," he says, " I have observed it frequently, and have looked for it on each suc- ceeding summer, on the double marigold, and more especi- ally the hairy red poppy (Papaver pilosum), in my garden at Moseley, in Worcestershire. In the evening, after a hot, dry day, the flashes of light afforded much amusement to myself and to others." Fifteen years later, and the subject was again revived in the pages of the Gardeners' Chronicle, by the record of certain experiments tending to corroborate those of others which had previously been made, and to which we have already directed the attention of our readers. This observer, quoting from his diary, states : —" We witnessed (June 10, 1858) this evening, a little before a o'clock, a very curious phenomenon. There are three scarlet verbenie, each about nine inches high, and about 9 foot apart, planted in the border in front of the greenhouse. As I was standing a few yards from them, and looking at them, my attention was arrested by faint flashes of light passing backwards and forwards from one plant to the other. I immediately called the gardener and several mem- bers of my family, who all witnessed the extraordinary sight, which lasted for about a quarter of an hour, gradu- ally becoming fainter, till at last it ceased altogether. There was a smoky appearance after each flash, which we all particularly remarked. The ground under the plants was very dry ; the air was sultry, and seemed charged with electricity. The flashes had the exact appearance of sum- mer lightning in miniature. This was the first time I had seen anything of the kind, and having never heard of such appearances, I could hardly believe my eyes. Afterwards however, when the day had been hot, and the ground was dry, the same phenomenon was constantly observed at about sunset, and equally on the scarlet geraniums and verbenas. In 1859 it was again seen. On Sunday evening, July 10 of that year, my children came running in to say that the ' lightning ' was again playing on the flowers. We all saw it, and again on July 11. I thought that the flashes of light were brighter than I had ever seen them before. The weather was very sultry.' These instances of luminosity in flowering plants, and those about to be alluded to amongst fungi, are referable to two very distinct causes. Those of fungi being entirely ex- hibitions of phosphorescence, causes which are inadequate to explain the phenomena in the other cases. The follow- ing are given as more detailed accounts of the instances alluded to by Mr. W. G. Smith. The Rev. M. J. Berkeley alludes to the luminosity of fungi, in his excellent " Introduction to Cryptogamic Botany," when he says, " This luminosity has been observed in various parts of the world ; and where the species has been fully developed, it has been generally a species of agaricus which has yielded the phenomena. Agaricus olearius of the South of Europe is one of the best known, but other species have been observed, as Agaricus gardneri in Brazil, Agaricus lampas, and some others in Australia ; in Amboyna, by Rumphius, &c.; Mr. Babing- ton has observed imperfect mycelia extremely luminous near Cambridge ; and Dr. Hooker speaks of the phenomenon as common in Sikkim, though he was never able to detect the species to which it was due. Tulasne, who has specially examined the luminosity of the agaric of the olive, has ob- served dead leaves in the South of France to be endowed with the same property, without, however, being able to detect the cause. Fabre, in a paper in the " Annales des Sciences Naturelles," ascribes it to a temporary increase of oxydation. Beautiful, however, as the effect may be in these instances, it is far excelled by the phosphorescent appearance ore sented by rhizomorphæ in mines, the splendour of which is described by Humboldt in the most glowing colours. Such rhizemorphæ are, I believe, always mere subterranean forms of common fungi, as is the case with Rhizomorpha subcor- tical. De Candolle long since explained their real nature ; but it is very curious, if this be the case, that our common polypori and xylaria, which give rise notoriously to such productions, are not themselves luminous when perfectly developed. Mr. Gardner gives the following account of the Brazilian species first discovered by himself : —" One dark night, about the beginning of the present month (December, 1839), while passing along the streets of the Villa de Nativi- dade, Goyaz, Brazil, I observed some boys amusing them- selves with some luminous object, which I at first supposed to be a kind of large fire-fly ; but on making inquiry I found it to be a beautiful phosphorescent species of agaricus, and was told that it grew abundantly in the neighbourhood on the decaying fronds of a dwarf palm." The whole plant gives out at night a bright phosphores- cent light, somewhat similar to that emitted by the larger fire-flies, having a pale greenish hue. From this circum- stance, and from growing on a palm, it is called by the in habitants " Flor do Coco." It has been stated that the mycelium of truffles is lumin- ous ; but this seems to rest upon the authority of one observer, and, as far as we can learn, has never been verified. Mr. James Drummond, in a letter published in " Hooker's Journal " for April, 1842, and dated Swan River, 1841, gives some account of luminous fungi of that region : — " As respects fungi I would chiefly like to give you some account of two species of agaricus, belonging to that divi- sion which has the stem at one side of the pileus. They grow parasitically on the stumps of trees, and possess nothing remarkable in their appearance by day ; but by night they emit a most curious light, such as I never saw described in any book. The first species in which I observed this property was about two inches across, and was growing in clusters on the stump of a banksia tree, near the jetty at Perth, Western Australia. The stump was at the time sur- rounded with water, when I happened to be passing on a dark night, and was much surprised to see what appeared to be a light in such a spot. On examination, I found it to proceed from this fungus. It is six or seven years since this circumstance occurred. The late Dr. Collie, then our colonial surgeon, possessed a good collection of botanical books, which he and I consulted, but without finding any thing which bore on the subject. When this fungus was laid on a newspaper, it emitted, by night a phosphorescent light, enabling us to read the words round it ; and it con tinued to do so for several nights, with gradually decreas- ing intensity as the plant dried up. A few weeks ago, and not till then, I discovered another instance of the same kind. I was collecting plants on an ironstone hill in the Toodjay district, when I was struck with the beauty of a large fungus, of the same character of the former, but mea- suring 16 inches across, and about a foot from the root to the extremity of the pileus. The specimen which I carried home weighed about 5 lb., was very smooth, yellowish- brown above, and dirty white upon the gills ; it gradually became thinner towards the outer edge of the pilens, where it was waved and sinuated. It was the beauty of the species which induced me to gather it, for as to making a full collection of the Swan River fungi, such a task would require an entire season, and the skill of a person who could make drawings or models of them. The specimen in ques- tion was hung up inside the chimney of our sitting-room to dry, and on passing through the apartment in the dark I observed the fungus giving out a most remarkable light, similar to what I have described above. No light is so white as this, at least, none that I have ever seen. The luminous property continued, though gradually diminishing, for four or five nights, when it ceased, on the plant becoming dry. We called some of the natives, and showed them this fungus when emitting light ; the room was dark, for the fire was very low, and the candles extinguished, and the poor creatures cried out ' Chinga ! ' their name for a spirit, and seemed much afraid of it ; and I certainly must own it is a very extraordinary ' Will-o'-the-Wisp.' " This, then, is a summary of the facts which we have been able hastily to collect together concerning the luminosity of plants. There may be other recorded cases which have passed from our memory, or with which we have never be come acquainted, and to these it is not at all improbable that some of our correspondents will be able to add others. The subject has now been fairly opened, it is a very interesting one, and it must be confessed still not wholly without mystery, especially in so far as regards the light emitted from the flowers, &c.;, of the higher order of plants. — Hard- wicke's Science' Gossip. THE HERBACEOUS BORDER.— As this is again becoming a popular feature in most gardens, a few hints concerning its management may be nseful at times. One great reason why this herbaceous border was so easily swept away was that the idea seemed to have taken root that it needed no management. Left to itself, it soon becamu a medley of disorder and hopeless confusion, the strong everywhere overwhelming the weak, the common the rare, the com paratively worthless the more beautiful. Order, a place for everything, and everything kept in its place, must be the first law of the herbaceous border, if it is to continue inv esting, satisfactory, or beautiful. The place of some things, too, will ever be becoming too large. Such plants, for instance, as gnaphaliums, herbaceous asters, golden rods, &c.;, &c.;, will need constant reduction. Many of the phloxes, too, grow so rapidly that stern reductions must be made to keep them within prepoitionate bounds, as well as to keep up their quality. A huge bush seldom throws up such heads of blossom as fewer stronger shoots. The same rules hold good with hollyhocks, dahlias, &c.; A few shoots, from three to five, are infinitely better than a dozen. AnnualB should likewise be thinned both in plant and branch, and. the stronger everywhere be restrained from over- running the weaker. There is also a great danger at this season of allowing summer and autumn beauties to overheap the more sombre leafage of onr spring favourites. For all such liberties we have to pay dearly when we can least afford. For every leaf of aubrietia, arabis, aly ssum, fergetme not, shaded nov, we lose a bunch of flowers next March or April. In tending the herbaceous border we need three or more eyes — one for the past and its buried treasures ; ene for the present and its robe of beauty ; and a third for the future. Continuity of interest and of blossom must never be lost Bight of, and everything must be managed with that object fully in view. Here one plant needs reduction, there another wants encouragement; this must have a prop, that a peg-down; some a stimulant, others a knife; and all require taste, judgment, love to make them do and look their best. No weed should be suffered to rob the richness, no confusion to mar the simple beauty, of the herbaceous border. — D. T. F., in The Field. THE WEDDING PLANT, &C.;—A very beautiful irida- ceous plant, brought by the Director of the Botanic Gardens, from Lord Howe Island, is now in flower in the gardens. We believe it is known on the Island as the Wedding Plant ; but it is perfectly new to the scientific world, and it has not yet been named. The flowers some what resemble Dietis or Moraea bicolor, but they are double the size, and the outer petals only are spotted with a rich orange tint. The petals otherwise are of a pure enow white colour and are very lustrous. The spike we saw had at least twenty flowers upon it. In the ' houses ' the Gloxinias are now ' out,' and a forest of exquisitely beautiful flowers overtop the broad healthy foliage of the plants. In the orchid department a Cypri- pedium (caudatum) new to the colony is now in flower. It was introduced into England from Panama, and it has obviously obtained its specific designation from the caudal appendages formed by the elongation of the lateral lobes of the perianth, which, in the specimen to which we refer, are about fifteen inches long. 