QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY RACES. Fibst Day: Wednesday. May 24. Stewards—Sir John Morphett, Hon. John Baker, Hon. John Crozier, Messrs. C. B. Fisher and H. C. Gleeson, M.P. Judge—Mr. John Chambers. Starter—Mr. G. Bennett. Secre tary—Mr. M. L. Conner. Wednesday may be regarded as a test-day for the Turf in South Australia, and the public have unequivocally declared in favour of -its revival. All the circumstances, it is true, were condu cive to such a verdict, but this they have been over and over before without producing^ the same result. Mr. Conner and his colleagues, who have laboured so diligently and perse veringly to present a programme worthy of j general acceptance, may take heart o' grace j from observing the manner in which their i exertions have been appreciated. We are not j aware that Queen's Birthday racing has been | much resorted to in the past, but after Wednes- j day's experience it ought to become a regular ; engagment, unless, indeed, a Jockey Club can ; be got together to take the thing into their own hands and appoint their own times. It is not too much to say that the Old Ade laide Racecourse—at all times a pretty one— . never looked prettier than on this Queen s Birth day. It looked infinitely better than on the Duke's Day, and the weather was infinitely more enjoyable. There was no heat worthy of the name, and yet the sky was almost cloudless, and the sun had full play upon the awkwardly placed Grand Stand. For the rest the verdant grass clothing the park; the thickly-foliated native trees spreading to the westward and north- westward; the towers and_ spires and lofty buildings of the ciiy just visible behind them; the pleasant villas and arardens to the northward, and the grass- covered hills to the eastward and southward, with the ever-varying play of light and shade upon them, formed a coup cPceil of surpassing beauty. The clumps of trees in the park itself hare now grown to such a dze that they obstruct the -view of the running at certain points, but by way of compensation to the inconvenience that this causes -(hey con stitute so many clearly-marked stages' in the Course, and a pleasing effect is produced by the appearance of the horses as they emerge from behind them. The arrivals on the ground on Wednesday began at an early hour, and at first consisted chiefly of pedestrians who employed themselves in admiring the rows of streamers that had been setupovertheStand,andspeculatinguponcoming events. Shortly after 12 the Teal work of con veying the public to tbe Course commenced, and it proceeded without interruption until 2 o'clock. To perform this important service all the available carriage accommodationin Adelaide had laid itself out.* Omnibuses of the leviathan mid all lower types, carriages of infinite variety of construction and extent of capacity—for Adelaide, if it can boast of nothing else, has good reason to boast'of the heterogeneous cha racter of its licensed conveyances—put them selves in the way of custom, and were not disappointed. Some - hundreds of vehicles betook themselves eastward with full freights of sport-struck citizens, and then having got the better of the run upon them camped outside the Stand until their services were needed for the return journey. " Capital—just like old rimes"—was the expression in every one's mouth in reference to the appearance of the Course. And truly old times would have to be ransacked for several years back to discover anything—bar the Duke's Day—to compare with it. As for the^attendance, it had to be reckoned by thousands—five or six at the- least. Mr. Coglin and those who have assisted him in preparing the grounds for sport have dealt liberally in the matter-of fences, but the fences were utterly Unable to accommodate : those who found it inconvenient to obtain a passport to tbe Stand enclosure, and impos sible to secure a footing on the carriages— taking that term in its widest meaning—which filled the roadway and crowded into the place appointed for them within the Course. The bulk of the people had to be content with peering, as opportunity served, through a living wall of spectators, or running frantically about from position to position, making up in excitement what they lacked in know ledge of the progress of events. It is a fact—gratifying perhaps to the financial department, but unsatisfactory to the multitude at large—that a good view of the running from start to finish can onlyhe obtained by those who pay for it. There is no - chance' of thousands witnessing the entire circuit as at Flemington, but the outsiders on "Wednesday were good natured enough not to resent this natural defect in the situation, and although'there was a good deal of shuffling, there was no fighting. Beyond the bolting of a most unlikely-looking animal attached to a four-wheeled buggy, who was soon captured, and the appearance on the Course of two or three contemptible-looking curs, who after being made heartily ashamed of themselves by the execrations of the crowd willingly sub mitted to removal by a friendly policeman, there was really nothing to distract attention from the great business of the day. The scene in ike saddling-paddock was exceedingly animated, and was well set off by the aspect of the Grand Stand. A pose of bookmakers from some foreign clime put a sporting finish to the picture. Their industry , was in defatigable, their conversational powers taxed to the utmost, and not in vain either, for their "lays" were appreciated more than usual. Moreover, the extent of the sweepstakes indulged in amongst those who didn't feel inclined to "lay" afforded a clear evidence that money is getting a little earner than it was. Just after luncheon Dig Excellency, accompanied by Miss Fergusson and the Aide-de-camp, drove on to the ground, and was received with the customary musical honours. Space, apart from the danger of omitting some of the most important names, will not admit of an enumeration of the other notabilities. All the orders In the Executive and Legislature were represented— Ministers in anything but levee costume, and highly respectable members of the colonial Lords and Commons in race-day suits. All the learned professions, not excepting the cloth, had representatives, and so also had every grade of commercial, pastoral, mining, and agricul tural life. To crown all, there was a brilliant concourse of ladies to take the place of the " fair sprinkling" which has so often to do tire honours of the Grand Stand. In every respect it was a national gathering, and all and singular seemed bent upon enjoyment. With such weather and sports and company, it would have been difficult for them to have done other than enjoy themselves. There ' was a Band present and the usual guard of foot and horse police,-and the catering of Mr. Aldridge below stairs was everything that could be wished. The supply of refreshments was equal to the demand., and the quality equal to the quantity. In speaking of the races themselves, it is only fair to compliment the Secretary, the Stewards, and all in authority on the punctuality observed. The announced time was adhered to with com mendable strictness, and as a result the Hacks were run before 5 o'clock. For each of the five events there was a good field, and the fact that few comparatively of the horses had run on Adelaide turf before gave an additional spice of interest to the proceedings. For the Flying Handicap there were fourteen acceptors, and opinions were evenly balanced as to their merits. Some attempt was made to get up an excitement about Touchit and Marquis, but it did not answer. The former gelding, just brought over from Melbourne by Mr. Ryan, is a well shaped animal, but it is evidently unfit for a big race. Duke of Wellington was fought shy of on the ground that he had been overtained, and toe result proved this impression to be correct. There was some talk about Freeholder, a large- framed full-boned gelding, and King fisher, but none of Mentor, the only two- year old in the race, who after all did the trick beautifully. Then came the Ace of Clubs' Produce Stakes. Irish King was in capital form, and had a more aristocratic look than his fellows, but he has defective points which will tell fatally against him as a weight-carrier. With 8 st. 10 up and for a short distance he goes as sweetly as could be wished for any two year-old. On Wednesday he had the further advantage of being ridden by Simpson. The time was hot, 1 min. 38 sec. Pocahontas and Baron were in good condition, although not in such trim as His Majesty. Dish Queen was a great disappointment. After leaving the pad dock she had to return to be hitched up again, and in the race lagged far behind. The South Australians have the consolation of knowing that they have been beaten by a colt born in the colony and bred up in it until the migration of Dr. Bathe to Melbourne. Besides, he made a good show for the Victorian Ascot Pales, run in the same time as the race on Wednesday, so that there is little disgrace to the colony in owning him victor. For the Town Plate Nimblefoot met his old opponent Lapdog, and got very much the better of him. He is a big ■well-knit horse, but has no special beauty to recommend him. He would pass in a crowd without exciting much notice, and notwito tanding his reputation he was allowed to go to the post without being besieged by admirers. He is very free in action, witha long firm stride, and has proved himself a safe weight-carrier. His size and strength give him an advantage over Lapdog when toe imposts are even, and Mr. Gilbert has acted judiciouslyin withdrawing him from competition in the Queen's Hundred. The little horse has the appearance of being rather cramped in toe hind-quarters as the result of his Melbourne accident, but it is a satisfaction to know that he is not crippled to the extent it was at one time feared he would be. Don Giovanni ran well, and is sure to be heard of again. Glendower is a strong and well-fashioned horse, and from his appearance in the field better things were expected of him. Crusader had to be scratched, an accident through which his near foreleg was severely injured having disabled Mm. Nimblefoot was kept well in hand, and watched Lapdog until within half a mile of home, when he took up the runing, and won very much as he liked. In the Autumn Handicap the Victorian horses Touchit and Norman were nowhere. Old Darkie, who has had an extended and successful provincial career, but has been very chary of town meetings, carried off the prize in what was undoubtedly toe best contested race of the day. Paul Jones made a good show at first, but could not with the weight on him outlive the distance. Ithaca made a good second, the unlucky Flying Dutch man securing third place. The Hacks was won in line style by Mr. Hughes's Lady. The detailed account of the several races follows:— Flying Handicap.—25 so vs., added to a sweep of 3 sovs. Three-quarters of a mile; 1 sov. nomination; 2 sovs. acceptance. Mr. G. Baker's Mentor, by Lucifer, out of Eugenie, 2 yrs., 6 st. 5 lbs. (Ward) ... 1 Mr. J. Gilbert's br.c. Kingfisher, 3 yrs., 8 st. 2 lbs. (H. Rowe) _ ... ... 2 Mr. W. Hutchinson's b.g. Pickpocket, 5 yrs,, 7 st. 8 lbs. (Hales) .7. ... 3 Mr. J. Lamb's ch.g. Cedric, aged, 7 st. 10 lbs. (Frieze). Mr. J. McEnhQl's c.m. Coquette, aged, 6 st. 12 lbs. (Dugan). Mr. T. Jackson's hr.g. Duke of Wellington, aged, 9 st. 4 lbs. (J. Jackson). Mr. T. J. Ryan's g.g. Touchit, aged, 9st. 4 lbs. (J. Hill). Mr. J. Harvey's br,m. Ada. aged, 8 st. 12 lbs. (Mathews). Mr. R. Holland's b.g. Freedom, 4 yrs., 8 st. . 6 lbs. (Long). Mr. Johns's g.m. Mercury, 5 yrs., 7 st. 7 lbs. (Cox), i Mr. O. Adcoek's br.m. Lady Wildalr, 4 yrs., 8 st. € lbs. (J. Trmstall). > Mr. W. H. Fonnby's b.g. Freeholder, aged, 8 st. 11 lbs. (Brown). Mr. J. Chambers's br.c. MInotti, 3 yrs., 8 st. 21bs. (Garry), . ; Mr. Pitman's g.g. Marquis, aged, 8 st. 4 lbs. (W. Simpson). Mr. Woodkbk.m. Zoe, aged, 8 st. (Wright). Mr. Nation's b.h. Tipple Cider, 5 yrs., 6 st. 8 lbs, (dr.). r Declarations over—Coquette, 3J lbs.; Ada, ,2 lbs.; Mercury, 6 lbs.; Kingfisher, 5 lie.; Lady Wildair, § lb.; Marquis, 6 lbs.; Zoe, 2| lie. There was a good deal of promiscuous betting, but, on the whole, the field stood highest in favour. After a little delay in getting the 16 into position, Ada got off in front, but almost immediately resigned her position to Pick pocket. Before going a couple of furlongs Mentor passed to the front, and to the surprise of every one held bis position without much effort. Kingfisher and Pickpocket were pressed to give challenge to the two-year-old, but were obliged to rest satisfied with second and third places, Cedric a moderate fourth, the rest well up. Mercury shortly after starring ran against a post, and unshipped her rider, whose leg was strained by the collision. Time, 1 min. 21 sec. Ace of Clubs' Produce Stakes.—100 so vs., added to a sweep of 10 sovs.; to be run for by the produce of the late Ace of dubs. Distance, 7 furlongs: weights—8 st. 10 lbs.; fillies, 8 st. 7 lbs. Mr. J. J. Miller's cr.e. Irish King, dam. Conceit, 2 yrs., 8 st. 10 lbs. (W. Simpson)... 1 Mr. G. Bennetrs ch.fi Pocahontas, 2 yrs. 8 st. 7 lbs. (Brown) ... 2 Messrs. Jewell & Nichohs's ch.c. King of Trumps, 2 yrs., 8 st. 10 lbs. (Mathews) ... 3 Mr. P. B. Coglin's b.c. The Baron, 2 yrs., 8 st. 10 lbs. (Tothill). Mr. MallenVch.fi Irish Queen, 2 yrs,, 8 st. 7 lbs. (H. Bowe). After the stripping Irish King increased in favour every second. He was in beautiful form, and in this respect contrasted favourably' with some of his competitors After a little fidgetting the five were got off pretty well together. Baron then took the lead, but was immediately collared by Simpson, who kept up the interest in the race by coquetting with his competitors, none of whom as it proved had the slightest chance. For the first quarter of a mile Irish Queen kept second place, but thereafter fell back, Pocahontas, Baron, and King of Trumps fighting for the vacancy. The contest .resulted in favour of Pocahontas, who passed the post a good second, the King of Trumps third, and the Irish Queen all behind. -Time, 1 min. 38 sec. Town Plate.—70 sovs., added to sweep of 5 sovs.; half-forfeit; 1 sov. entrance. One mile and a half; weight for age. If forfeit declared before 10 o'clock of the morning of the race half of the sweep will be returned. Mr. Hosldn's b.g. Nimblefoot, by Panic out of Quickstep, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (Lang) ... 1 Mr. J. Gilbert's br.g. Lapdog, 6 yrs., 10 st. I lb. (Tunstall) 2 Hon. J. Baker's colt Don Giovanni, 3 yrs., 8 st. 10 lbs. (Mathews) ... 3 Mr. T. Jackson's br.g. Duke of Wellington, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (Stevens). Mr. B. Holland's ch.g. Glendower, 6 yrs. 10 st. lib. (W. Simpson). ["■Mr. Lambert's b.m. Flyaway, 4 yrs., 9 st. 7 lbs. (Craig). Crusader was scratched, and Flyaway de clared 2 lbs. over. The start took place in front of the Stand. Nimblefoot sprung to the lead, closely followed up by Lapdog, who had the inside place. Don Giovanni next pushed through and took up the running in company with the Dog, the Victorian horse dropping slightly behind,- with Glendower hanging on his quarter. In passing along the western boundary Lap dog, pulling double, kept slightly in advance, hut it was evident all through, that Lang was only awaiting his opportunity, and was hi the meanwhile allowing those before him to let off steam. Half a mile from home be quickened speed and led into the straight. Lapdog made a short and gallant struggle to regain the forfeited place, but without effect, Don Giovanni even snatching from him the honour of second. The Melbourne crack came in half-a-dozen lengths ahead, Lap dog second, Mr. Baker's colt close up third, and Duke of Wellington fourth. Time, 2 min. 51 sec. Autumn Handicap.—50 sovs., added to a sweep of 5 sovs.'; 2 sovs. nomination; 3 sovs. acceptance. Two miles. Mr. Freeman's br.g. Darkie, believed to be by Muscovado out of Queen of Clubs, aged, 8st. 6 lbs. (Williams) ... ... ... ... 1 Mr. B. Holland's ch.f. Ithaca, 3 yrs., 6 st. 8 lbs. (Long) 2 Mr. P. MeEnhill's b.g. Flying Dutchman, 4 yrs., 6 st. 10 lbs, (Ward) ... 3 Mr. Nation's Tipple Cider, 5 yrs., 6 si 2 lbs. (R. Rowe). Mr. W. Lang's b.o. Norman, 3 yrs., 7 st. 3 lbs. (Maloney). Mr. T. Maloney's b.m. Oyster Girl, aged, 7st. II lbs. (Hales). Mr. T. J. Byan's g.g. Touchit, aged, 8 st. 13 lbs. (J. Hill). Mr. Jenkins's b.m. Starlight, aged, 8 st. 4 lbs., dr. Mr, G. Baker's b.h. Paul Jones, 5 yrs., 8st. 13 lbs. (Tothill). Mr. Pitman's eh.fi Achievement. 3 vis.. 6 st. 8 lbs. (T. Hill). Mr. T. Jackson's b.m. Empress, 6 yrs,5 8 st. 4 lbs. (J. Jackson). Ithaca declared 3$ lbs. over. The bookmakers were a good deal astray about the probabilities of this race, and divided their attention * pretty evenly between the Melbourne horses Touchit and Norman, and the Adelaide pair Paul Jones and Darkie. The betting, however, was de cidedly easy. Tipple Cider got the advantage at the start, but made little by it, for Ithaca took up the running before a furlong had been covered. In passing the Stand Mr. Holland's colonrs were in the van, with Tipple Cider second, and Paul Jones third; Touchit pretty well up, and Norman nowhere—a position that he. maintained to the close. The pace was altogether too hot for Tipple Cider, and at the end of a mile he fell hopelessly into the ruck, Darkie pushing towards the front, and biding his time for superseding Ithaca. At the south east turn the time came, and the change having been made the field drew out into single file. Upon entering the run in Long made a plucky attempt to recover the lead, and from the Stand it appeared for a time as if it would not be without success; but eventually Darkie passed the Stewards' Stand well in advance, hands down, Ithaca; second, and Flying Dutchman third. Just after reaching home Mr. Holland's filly tripped, and turned a complete somersault over her rider. Long courageously remounted his horse, and brought him into the paddock, but as it was found that his arm had been broken, he was ordered home. Time for the race, 3 min. 51 sec. Hacks.—15 sovs.; entrance, 1 sov.; catch < weights. One .mile and a half. Post entrance. For all horses that have never won other than hack races. Mr. J. Simms's r.m. Lady (Ward) 1 Mr. T. Jackson's g.m. Jenny Lind 2 Mr. Baker's b.m. Noma... ... 3 Mr. Mullins's b.m. Janet. Mr. KernSn's br.g. Black Jack. Mr. R. Crane's br.g. Mainstay. Mr. P. McCarron's br.g. Young Lightfoot. Mr. Howie's br.g. Typo. Mr. F, Cornell's br.g? Slowboy. Mr. O'Reilly's b.g, Leo. Mr. Pitman's br.m. Queen of Hearts. Mr. Harvey's b.m. Norma, late S. A. Filly. The most profound ignorance prevailed amongst the general public as to the capabilities of most of the horses entered for the Hacks. Several of them displayed an immense amount of spirit, and fretted themselves at the start amazingly. Jenny Lind set off for a canter on her own account, and would not be brought-to until she had got more than half way round the course. Mr. Bennett's "Off!" found the twelve in tolerably even rank, but this was soon broken, and before a mile bad been run the field spread over a furlong or two. Lady got the lead early in the race, and retained it right manfully to the end, passing the winning-post any number of lengths ahead and at apace which would have served for another couple of miles. She has certainly made good her right to be entered for better things. Jenny Lind, after all her rovings, came in second, Noma third. Time, 2 min. 55 sec.—four more than the Town Plate. This closed the day's sport. Second Day: Thubsday, May 25. The clerk of the weather was in a radiant mood on Thursday, and thus falsified the un generous suspicion that he had exhausted his favours on the Queen's Birthday. . Although the clouds were more numerous and the heat of the sun stronger on the second than they had been on the first day, yet there was nothing in either of which any reasonable sportsman or sports* woman could complain. There was not an atom of dust, and for this circumstance a special liba tion was felttobedue to the eccentricofficial above named, and was accordingly paid in duplicate and triplicate at Mr. Aldridge's bar. The public did not manifest anything like the anxiety to be punctual that it had on the previous day. The c'rect card fixed 1 o'clock as the hour for opening thel proceedings, but not until some time later did the regular stream of arrivals set in. When the twelve Maidens received orders to go to the post there was a very sparse display, of the human element in and around the saddling paddock. _As the afternoon wore on, however, and the time for the more sensational events approached, people flocked in from all quartersi Pip Excellency and his Private Secretary arrived shortly before 2 o'clock, to find the front seats of the Grand Stand occupied by ladies, and the. enclosure filled by an assemblage of persons who in number and position—political and social—compared favourably with the Special con course, of the Queen's Birthday. The aspect of affairs outside gare indication that by some mysterious process or another the one holiday had been stretched to two. Once again upon all the fences and upon all the vehicles—the number and description of the latter being legion — swarmed the unprivileged classes, aggregating two or three thousand at least. A long row of booths identified with well-known city publicans provided for these drink without measure, whilst the Sea Lions and the pro prietor of a shooting gallery competed for public patronage in the intervals of the five- act racing drama which formed the chief item in the afternoon's entertainment. In the Stand the. brass band played merrily and perseveringlv, and amongst the crowd the police preserved order effectively, yet unosten tatiously. Two or three rushes were got up by reports that great feats of pugilism were being performed, but the alarm was either false in each instance or the im portance of the events greatly exaggerated. A little sparring occurred between two jocks, but whilst it was yet uncertain what the ultimate result would be, mutual friends with scant courtesy parted them. One poor fellow who had been perched upon the high palings of the saddling paddock either lost consciousness or allowed his feelings to become too many for him, and fell headlong to the ground. When first taken up he looked very serious indeed, but a copious application of cold water and a little smart exercise, carried out under the direction of two good Samaritans, brought him round. The first act in the sporting drama was the race for the Maidens. Thirteen stood on the card for this, but Iris hKing was disqualified, and Marquis was drawn, so that only eleven competed. As usual very little was known about the capabilities of the horses, and betting was not brisk. The struggle lay between Don Giovanni, Kingfisher, Ithaca, and Norma, and Mr. Gilbert's colt came off best, For the Queen's Hundred there were eleven acceptors, but owners, with an excess of prudence which will probably be called by another nameacross the Border, drew out one alter the other, leaving the race entirely in Nimblefoot's hands. There were only three starters—Glendower, who made a fine spurt at first, and then threw up the game; Flying Scud, a station horse, who to the surprise of every one persistently hung on to the favourite, and kept him up to a stiff racing pace for a full mile of the distance; and finally Nimblefoot. Of course a horse capable of frightening eight com petitors—some of them high in Ideal reputa tion—out of the field, could not fail to excite curiosity, and so Lang had to hold a series of levees from the time his horse was unclothed until he got him fairly out of the paddock. The second act of the drama had decidedly dragged, but with the third the interest began to revive, and before its conclusion it had attained to fever heat. The event was the Steeplechase, and the incidents proved to be thrilling enough for a well-seasoned melodrama of the modern type. There were seven performers, and as the curtain rose their appearance was closely criticised. The huge ungainly figure of Topthorne, who shows daylight enough under his body for the horse of T^oy itself, attracted but little notice. Nabocklish was in good condition; but no amount of fitness would have raised him to the first place in public opinion, for the simple reason that public opinion had predetermined that there were only tlnee horses to be thought of in the race. Of these Celt took the third place, although an examination of him ought to have convinced the sceptical that he had all the appearance of a winner. His training had been scrupulously attended to, and he was quite, as likely-looking as bafore his last victory on the same course. Lightfoot was placed second, but on what ground it was hard to discover, for he didn't seem at all in order to make the stakes a hard bargain for the favourite. Monk was in choice form; his turn in Victoria has evidently done, him a world of good in teaching him regular habits in the field, and his condition reflects great credit upon whoever has had him in hand. Dinah and Playboy were both in good trim, and but for accidents it is hard to say how the victory would have inclined. Most inexplicably Celt at the very first fence fell, and as he in sisted upon taking the circuit on his own account, • and could not be caught until (he had. completed it, he was of course thrown out completely. Dinah ran a splendid race for two and a half out of the three miles, taking the fences with the utmost ease, and keeping the lead to boot. In the first round she lost her stirrup-iron, and in the second came to grief miserably, injuring herself, it is feared permanently, and giving her rider (Williams) a very awkward tumble. Lightfoot did credit to the penetration of his backers, for he ran well, and nothwithstanding a fall, which did no damage of consequence to any one, shot past the post second. Nabocklish took his time to the running, and succeeded in getting in third. Topthome took a couple of fences, and then retired from sight, no doubt greatly to the relief of his rider, who must have felt it hard to risk his neck on an animal that had not the ghost of a chance. Playboy-showed himself quite at home with timber, and took the leaps splendidly all but the thirteenth, over which he stumbled, and in landing rolled over on his back, crushing -his rider (Giles) underneath him. The sight was disagreeable enough, hut it became still more sickening when Light foot, who was pressing close upon him, followed his lead, and fell heavily to the ground, fortunately without ill-consequences either to the jockey or himself. Giles in a perfectly unconscious state was carried to the Grand Stand, where he revived, and was sent away home. It is gratifying to know that although the incidents of the race were unpleasantly exciting, there are after all no lives lost, or even limbs broken. The fourth and fifth acts it is unnecessary to say much about. The Selling Stakes, after a hotly- contested race, fell to Pickpocket, who was bought in for £88—£18 over bis declared price. Nimblefoot entered for the Forced Handicap, but was weighted so heavily that he withdrew, leaving Darkie, Mentor, and three others to try conclusions. The old horse came in first, but us claim to the stakes has been disputed by Mentor's rider, and the question will not be settled until this morning. The arrangements throughout were unexcep tionable. The list of events is appended. Maidens.—30 sovs., added to a sweep of 5 sovs. One mile. Weight for age. For all horses that have never won an advertised xmoa of 20 sovs. Mr. J, Gilbert's br.c. Kingfisher, by Sky scraper out of Bemnant by Fisherman, 3 yrs., 9 st. (Tothill) 1 Hon. J. Baker's b.c. Don Giovanni, 3 yrs., 9 st. (Mathews) 2 Mr. B. Holland's c.f. Ithaca, 3 yrs., 8 st. 11 lbs. (J. Hill) 3 Mr. J. Arthur's b.c. Norman, 3 yrs., 9 st. (Lang). Mr. G. Bennett's c.f. Pocahontas, 2 yrs., € st. 9 lbs. (Ward). Mr. O. Adcock's br.m. Lady Wildair, 4 yrs., 9 st. 9 lbs. (dr.) Mr. W. H. Formby's b.g. Freeholder, aged, 10st., lib. (dr.) Mr. J. Harvey's b.f. Norma, 4 yrs., 9 st. 9 lbs. (Harvey). Mr. Birrell's b.g. Leapyear, 6 yrs., 10 st. 1 lb. (Stevens). Mr. T. Jackson's b.m. Empress, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (T. Hanley). Mr. P. McEnhill's b.g. Flying Dutchman, 4 yrs., 9 st. 9 lbs. (Webber). Mr. Pitman's g.g. Marquis, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (dr.) The start for this race could not be seen from the Stand, owing to a clump of trees. There was a little fidgetting, caused chiefly by Don Giovanni's fractiousness, but at the word of command Norma got to the lead. Kingfisher without loss of time challenged and passed her, and immediately afterwards Don Giovanni and Leapyear did the same. At the south-west turn Mr. Baker's colours showed in the front for a few moments, Empress taking third. At the end of the half-mile Kingfisher pushed forward, and after a smart tussle defeated the Don, Pocahontas pressing into third place. On enter ing the straight the positions of all but the first two horses were shifted considerably. Norman and- Ithaca supplanted the Ace filly, and struggled briefly for pre-eminence—the result being in favour of the latter. Kingfisher got past the Judge's post first, three or four lengths ahead, hands down, Don Giovanni, flogging hard, second, Ithaca third, Norman fouth, Pocahontas fifth. Time (approximate only), 1 min. 50 sec. Queen's Hundred.—100 sovs., added to a sweep of 5 sovs. Two _ miles'. Weight for age. ■Second horse to receive 10 sovs, out of the sweep. 3 ' Mr. H. Hoskin's b.g. Nimblefoot Tjy Panic out of Quickstep, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (Lahg) 1 Mr. Sands's br.g. Flying Scud, 4 yrs., 9st 7 lbs. (Amateur) ... 2 Mr. B. Holland's c.g. Glendower, 6' yrs;, 10st. lib. (W. Simpson) — 3 Mr. Freeman's br.g. Darkie, aged, 10 st. lib. (dr.) Mr. B. Holland's b.g. Ithaca, 3 yrs., 8st. 8 lbs. (dr.) Mr. T. J. Ryan's b.g. Cupbearer, aged, 10st. lib. (dr.) Mr. J. Gilbert's br.g. Lapdog, 6 yrs,, 10 st. lib. (dr.) Mr. O. Adcock's b.h. Centurion, 5yrs., 10 st. lib. (dr.) Mr-j^Laintert's b.m. Flyaway, 4 yrs., 9 st. Mr. G. Baker's b.h. Paul Jones, 5 yrs., 10 st. lib. (dr.) Mr. T. Jackson's br.g. Duke of Wellington, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (dr.) ^ ' - .One by one the field dwindled down until none* but Nimblefoot, Glendower, and Flying Scud were left. Some o£ the scratchings did not Elace until afterthe "Go to the post" bell hid een rung. Of course there was no betting, for considering the weights and the horses it was a mere gift to Lang. Flying Scud declared 3 lbs. ofer. Glendower got away first, and passed the Stand at a tremendous pace, closely pursued by Nimblefoot, who, before reaching the north west turn, took the lead. The Scud now put on a spurt, and having passed Glendower raced neck and neck with the favourite for fully half a mile. He was not finally beaten off until the entrance to the run in, when Lang put two or three distances between the horses, 'coming in an. easy winner; Glendower made? a bad third. Time, 3 min. 51 sec.—a second more than Cowra's time for the Adelaide Cup. Handicap Steeplechase.—$0 so vs., added to a sweep of 4 sovs.; 1 sov. nomination; 3 ears, acceptance. About three miles, over such jumps as Stewards may appoint. Mr. T. J. Ryan's br.g. Monk, aged, 12 st. 1 lb. (W. Simpson) 1 Mr. J. Mullins's b.g. Lightfoot, aged,. 11 st. 41bs.(Alford) ... . 77 ... 2 Mr. T. Moloney's b.g. Nabocklish, 5 yrs, 9 st. t 7 lbs.(H. Rowe) ... ... 3 Mr. V. V. Brown's b.m. Dinah, late Seagull, aged, 9 st. (Williams). Mr. R. G. Harmer's br.g. Playboy, aged, 10 st. 41b. (Giles). Mr. I. Henderson's b.h. Celt, aged, 11 st. (Robinson). > Mr. A. L. Blake's b.g. Topthorne, aged, 9 st. 7 lbs. (Amateur). The course fora steeplechase wasnot a very staff one—14 fences, and no water- jump. The start ing place was in front of the Stand, and the distance twice round the race paddock. Top thorne, Nabocklish, and Playboy were treated by the general public with quiet neglect, and Dinah could only number a few friends; the three supposed to be in were Monk, Lightfoot, and Celt, and the brown, was greatly pre ferred to the bays. Celt showed the way to and over the first fence, but making too much of a task of the leap over balanced himself, shot Robinson out of the way, and scrambling to bis feet set off in hot chase after Dinah and Monk. He took the second fence like a bird, and then swerved into the flat course, which he followed up to the Stand, coining in a good third. Here he was arrested by the crowd and remounted by Robin son. Meanwhile Dinah had assumed the lead so unfortunately relinquished by Celt, and closely pressed by Monk took the second fence beauti fully. Two seconds later Nabocklish and Play boy cleared it, but Topthorne, in essaying to do likewise, came to grief, scratched bis knees, and convinced his jock that it was not worth jeopardising his neck again on the chance of winning. ' At the third fence Dinah lost her stirrup- iron, but Williams held on manfully, lifting the mare over jump after jump, and bringing her past the Stand in the first round with a strong lead. Just before reaching this point Lightfoot drew up to the favourite, and the pair took the seventh hurdle side by side. A cheer broke from the spectators, but neither horse could fairly appropriate it as a speciality, seeing that it was renewed on the appearance of Playboy and Nabocklish. At the eighth leap the order was—Dinah, Lightfoot, Monk, but this was immediately afterwards changed into Monk, Dinah, Lightfoot. At the ninth the mare once more took the lead, and preserved it to the tenth, where she fell heavily, severely shaking her rider, who had held ■ on _ for Just a mile and a half without the stirrup-iron. Lightfoot now took up the contest on behalf of the outsiders, and for a quarter of a mile made splendid running. The two rose to the eleventh jump almost at the same instant, and excite ment in the crowd ran high. Bash bets were offered freely, and in the flurry of the moment refused; fornow a third claimant for the honour of priority appeared. Playboy, who had been carefully ridden at a respectful distance behind, the front horses, all at once shot forward, and passing Lightfoot, came on helter- skelter within, a few yards of Simpson, who, on leaving the twelfth fence, had taken the lead. The pace was tremendous, but none too hot for Monk, who cleared the thirteenth leap as cleanly and lightly as the first. Playboy, however, struck the top rail and turned a complete somersault - over Giles. This was bad enough, but before either horse or rider could be got out of the way Lightfoot came thundering up, and by a singular coincidence fell in precisely the same way almost on the top of the prostrate jockey. Alford was pitched off, but kept his hold of the reins, and having got his horse on his feet cantered in a good second, Nabocklish turning up shortly afterwards to claim the third place. One cheer for Simpson, and then the sympathetic crowd started en masse to discover by personal inspection the precise nature of the casualties. Giles, escorted by several-hundred people, was carried into the saddling-paddock, where it was. found that he had only received a temporary concussion of the brain, or in other words had been stunned by the fall. He soon came to and was sent home. Williams, although badly bruised and shaken, was able to walk to the Stand and carry out an engagement for the next event. Selling Race.—20 so vs., added to a sweep of 2 sovs. One mile and a half. Selling condi tions :—Winner to be sold for 30 sovs. If to be sold for 30 sovs., to carry weight for age; if for £25, allowed 7 lbs.; if for £20, allowed 14 lbs.; if for £10, allowed 21 lbs.; if not to be sold, cany 7 lbs- extra. Winner will be sold imme diately after the race, and any surplus to go to the Race Fund. Mr. W. Hutchinson's b.g. Pickpocket (£20), 5 yrs., 8 st. 11 lbs. (Hales) ... 1 Mr. T. Jackson's g.m. Jenny}Lind(£20),|aged, 9 st. 1 lb. (J. Jaqkson) 2 Mr. J. Harvey's br.m. Ada (£25), aged, 9 st. 811®. (Harvey) .- 3 Mr. W. H. Formby's b.g. Freeholder (£20), aged, 9 st. 8 lbs. (Jenkins) Mr. G. Baker's f. Proserpine (not to be sold), 3 yrs., 9 st. 3 lbs. (Garry) Mr. G. BirrelTs b.g. Leapyear (£30), 6'yrs., 10 st. 1 lb. (dr.) Mr. Herman's bk.g. Black Jack (£20), aged, 9 st. 1 lb. (Kain) Mr. Johns's g.m. Mercury (£10), 5 yrs., 8 st.. 4 lbs. (Mathews) Mr. Pitman's g.g. Marquis (£20), aged, 9 st.. lib. (J.Hill) Mr. Schuetze's br.g. Deceiver (£20), aged, 9' st. 1 lb. (H. Rowe) Mr. W. V. Brown's b.h. Nipper (£10), aged, 8 st. 11 lbs. (Williams) Mr. J. Mullins's g.g. Peeping Tom (£20), 5 yrs., 8 st. 11 lbs. (dr.) Decimations over—Black Jack, 7 lbs.; Mer cury, 4 lbs.; Ada, 2 lbs.; Marquis, 2£ lbs.; Deceiver, 3 lbs. Peeping Tom was drawn. Each of the remaining 11 was spoken of in tarn as being probable, but no one one backed his opinion to any great extent. At the_ commence ment of the race Ada led, with Deceiver second, but both were in double-quick time overhauled by Marquis and Jenny Lind. Half a mile from the start Frosperine crept up from her position, in the rear, and did duty as leader for several hundred yards, with Mercury dancing close attendance upon her. Presently Pickpocket and Ada struck up a match, and in the struggle got the better of Prosperine, who dropped into the ruck. After getting into the straight, the gelding got the better of his stout little an tagonist, who at the last moment had to yield second position to Jenny Lind. Freeholder passed the post fourth, and Prosperine fifth. Time, 2 min. 53 sec. Pickpocket was bought in at £38—a very moderate price considering his condition. Forced Handicap. — 25 sovs., added to a sweep of 3 sovs., from all winners except Hurdles, Hacks, and Ace of Clubs' Produce Stakes;losers can enter on paying 3 sovs. One mile and three quarters. Pest entrance. Mr. Freeman's br.g. Darkie, aged, 9 st. 7 lbs. (Williams) 1 Mr. R. Holland's c.f. Ithaca, 3 yrs., 6 st. 12 lbs. (T. Hill) 2 • Mr. G. Baker's b.c. Mentor, 2 yrs., 6 st. 7 lbs. (Ward) ... 3 Mr.. Hoskin's b.g. Nimblefoot, aged, 12 st. (dr.) Mr. J. Gilbert's br.c. Kingfisher, 3 yrs., 7 st. 10 lbs. (dr.) Mr. J. Lamb s e.g. Cedric, aged, 7 st. 4 lbs. (McEnnis). Mr. Lambert's b.m. Flyaway, 4 yrs., 7 st. 12 lbs. (Freeze). Mr. Hutchinson's b.g. Pickpocket, 5 yrs., 8 st. (dr). The work of taking entries and handicapping occupied nearly an hour, and the sun had set before the horses were got together for the start. The tremendous impost upon Nimblefoot shut him out of the race, and deducting the other withdrawals there were but five to go. Public favour was pretty equally divided be tween Darkie and Mentor, a few exhibiting a sneaking fondness for Cedric. Ithaca got away first, with Flyaway hard up, but at the north west corner both gave way to Mentor. After going two-thirds of the way round, Darkie got to the front, and won a well-contested race by a . couple of lengths, Ithaca second, and Mentor (wefi up) third. Time, 3 min. 19 sec. A protest was entered against Williams on the ground that ig bad in the race seized Ward by the collar and struck him over the head two or three times, thus putting Mentor out of the race. Evidence was taken by the Stewards, and the decision was postponed until to-day. Third Day: Friday, May 26. Stewards—Sir John Morphett, Hon. John Baker, Hon. John Crotier, Messrs. C. B. Fisher and H. C. Gleeson, M.P. Judge—Mr. John Chambers. Starter—Mr. G. Bennett, aecre U4. * " "if I * I ■. r.. V » <7 I | ladies in the Grand Stand, a numerous atten dance of the public both within and oi^dethe reserve, moderately high stakes, . ' and for the most The weather,-too, was debghtfuL ,^^ou^h ^e dust was abundant enough m Adelaide it con siderately confined itself to the city, and made no appearance on the Course. In every respect —attendance, weather and sport—the day con stituted a pleasanfending to a highly successful meeting. The Stewards and officers were attheir raetsand gave every satisfaction. During the three days* racmgnotinhghas occured in the shape of a hitch. There has been but one protest, one fight, and two or three accidents—none ot them serious. The owners have conformed •willingly to the rule as to punctuality, and the Stewards, Secretary, and Starter have enforced •with judicious strictness. The crowd has been good-humoured and appreciative, and the losing competitors have borne their losses with equanimity. : The -first thing done by the Stewards on reaching the Course was to consider the protest entered against Darkie for the Forced Handicap. The allegation was that Williams, wto was \- riding Mr. Freeman's horse, seized hold ot Mentor's rider while the race was proceeding, and struck him with his whip. The Stewards considered the charge proved, and decided to band over the stakes to Ithaca,the second horse, Mentor, the third, taking second place, mid to disqualify Williams from riding during the rest of the meeting. They also took into conadera tion the fight between Williams and Kowe, and gave orders that Rowe also should be disqualified from riding in any further race at the meeting. This decision caused some delay in connection with the first event on the cards, the Hack Hurdles, as both Williams and Howe had houses. After all Problems ovmer failed in finding & substitute, and tho^iiorse could not start. Dinah, owing to the injuries she had received in the Steeplechase, was drawn. Young Gipsy Girl was slightly the favourite, but offers to back the field were freely made. There were four starters. _ The first mishap occurred to Young Gipsy Girl, who, whilst well ahead of the rest, took a fancy to jump out of the Couree, and not only lost her place but the race likewise. Playboy made the most of this amtretemps, and had it all his own way for half a when Peeping Tom passed him, and would inevitably have come in first but for falling at the last fence but one. The jockey was thrown off, but neither he nor the horse was hurt. Playboy—not the Playboy that ran in the Steeplechase, but a horse of quite another colour—came in first, Sambo a bad second. The Queen's Racing Plate excited much interest, and Irish King and Lapdog held the first place in general estimation. Those, however, who had watched narrowly the per formances of the two-year-olds thought it impossible that the Ace colt could live through the distance even with 6 st. up, and. prepared to stand on DarMe, who throughout the meet ing bm» been in splendid form. Centunon was in prime condition, hut his weak leg could not stand the strain. He made a game race, for on reaching home he was dead lame. Dap dog looked just as fit and no fitter than on the Plate day. It is questionable whether he has yet got the better of his strain, but he runs strong enough to encourage the hope that if he has not he will in course of time. Irish King looked a perfect picture, and attracted more notice tbnn any other horse. Cupbearer's sun is evidently setting, for not only did his ap pearance give no assurance _ of victory, but 13s performance showed that victory and he have become estranged. Paul Jones and Duke of Wellington were in good trim, but in this respect could scarcely hold a candle to Darkie, who in bis present form has without question, earned a title to be considered the best horse to which the colony can lay claim. The race was a well-contested one, Irish King keeping in front until the end of the first mile and a half, when he was successively displaced by Darkie, Cen turion, and Duke of Wellington, Lapdog keep ing close in his rear. The time was slow—-3 min 54 sec. The Consolation Stakes was far and away the best race of the day, if not of the meeting. There were ten in the field, all of them bona fide beaten -horses. Cedric was thought most of at the weight, but the Ace fillies had. their backers. The_ result vindicated the correctness of the handicap, for although there was a little shifting of places iu front, the eleven were kept in close order from start to finish. They approached the Stand three or four abreast, and it was only at the last moment that Cedrie's rider adroitly pushed the old horse's nose in front, Lady Wildair second, and Poca hontas withinaneck of him third, and three or four others less than a length behind. Time did not permit of any events being (improvised, and the day's sports closed at 5 o'clock. The particulars of the events are as follows:— Hack Hurdles.—20 so vs. Entrance, 1 sov. One mile and a half. 8 stone. Mr. C. G. Harriett's b.g. Playboy (by King John out ef a Sydney mare), aged (Jas. Muffins) — — ... —• — 1 Mr. Ferry's Sambo, 5 yrs. (Amateur) 2 Mr. Schuetze's Young Gipsy Girl (Shugg) ... 8 Mr. Hullins's g.g. Peeping Tom (Alford). Declarations over:—Playboy, 27 lbs.; Young Gipsy Girl, 10lbs.; Sambo, 2 st. 6 lbs.; and Peeping Tom, 31^ lbs. Dinah was drawn owing to the injuries of the previous day, and Problem through the difficulty of obtaining a jockey to succeed Rowe, who in consequenee of the decision referred to above was prevented from riding. Peeping Tom got the lead, but voluntarily resigned it in favour of Young Gipsy Girl and Playboy, who rose to the first leap at the same moment, Sambo keeping well in the rear. Upon reachiqg the second fence the Gipsy Girl, who at the time had a strong lead, jumped out of the course, and before she could be persuaded to return the race was practically over. Playboy kept In the van over the third and fourth hurdles, and then Peeping Tom, who had been carefully biding his tame, came up ,with a rush and- took the foremost place, whichheheld easily until reaching the sixth fence, when in landing he stumbled and un shipped his jock. Playboy availed himself of the opportunity to slip in and gain first position, the grey galloping riderless past the post. Sambe made an indifferent second, Young Gipsy Girl coming in some time later. The Queen's Racing Plate provided by Par liament; 100 sovs. added to a sweep of 5 sovs. Two miles. Weight for age. To be run for by horses bred in the province. Mr. Freeman's br.g. Darkie (believed to be by Muscovado, out of Queen of Clubs), aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (W. Simpson) 1 Mr. O. Adeock'sh.h. Centurion, 5 yrs., 10 st. 1 lb. (J. Tunstall) 2 Mr. Jackson's br.g. Duke of Wellington, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (G. Stephens). Mr. Gilbert's br.g. Lapdog, 6 years, 10 st. 1 lb. (H. Tothill) Mr. G. Baker's b.h. Paul Jones, 5 years, 10 st. 1 lb. (W. Mathews) u Mr. Miller's c.c, Irish King, 2 years, 6 st. (T. Hill) Mr. Ryan's Cupbearer, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (J. Hill) Mr. Simm's r.m. Lady, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (J. Harvey) Public opinion oscillated between Lapdog, Irish King, and Darkie, the weight being all in favour of the two year-old. Lapdog got the lead by a foot or two, but was collared by the colt, and soon after challenged by Centurion. In pasting the Stand the first time round the whole pack were being hard held. A few seconds later Irish King increased his lead by a couple of lengths, and Mr. Adcock's horse drew past the Dog. At the end of the mile Darkie pushed his way through the crowd, and took the lead. There was a hard fight for second place in coming down the straight, steel and whalebone being freely applied, but Darkie held his place in front without much effort. He won by about a couple of lengths, Centurion second, the Duke of Wellington a good third, Irish King fourth, and Lapdog, in close attendance upon him, fifth. Cupbearer got a bad start, and made no show. Paul Jones pulled up at the distance post. Time, 3 min. 54 sec. Consolation Stakes.—20 sovs. added to_ a sweep of 2 sovs. Entrance, 1 sov. One mile. Handicap; for all horses beaten during the meeting. Mr. Lamb's Cedric (by Touchit, out of Miss Clow), 7 st. 3 lbs. (J. McGuinness) 1 Mr. Adcock's Lady Wildair, 7 st. 10 lbs. (T. Hill) ... 2 Mr. Bennett's Pocahontas, 6 st. (F. Ward)... 3 Mr. Pitman's Marquis, 8 st 4 lbs. (T. A I"811 Queen> 5 st. 7 lbs. (R. M^Ryan'sTouchit, 8 st. 12lbs. (Freeze). Mr. Bfrrell's Leapyear, 7 st. 10 lbs. (Garry). Mr. McEnhill's Flying Dutchman, 7 st. 6 lbs. Natio^ Tipple Cider, 6 st. (Barnes). Mr. Maloney's Oyster Girl, 7 st- (khugg) Declarations over—Cedric, 3 lbs.; Pocahontas, .2 lbs.; Irish Queen, 3 lbs.; and Tipple Cider, 191 lbs. Freeholder was drawn. This was the best contested race Of the day, bat the promiscuous use of colours ren dered it impossible to distinguish the horses on the way round. The start- took place about a hundred yards ■ away from the proper mile distance so as to allow of its being seen from the Stand. At first one of the greys led, but the front horses fell back one after the other, leaving the position to Irish Queen. At the commencement of the run the ten were all well together, most of them flogging soundly. From this point to the finish there was a splendid race, three or four apparently taking turns in leading, but never by more than a neck. Twenty yards from home Pocahontas and Lady Wildair, racing shoulder to shoulder, were in advance of the others, but just in time for the finish Cedric was adroitly pushed forward and landed a winner by a short half length, Lady Wildair second, Pocahontas, a nose behind, third, and most of the others within a couple of lengths. Time, 1 min. 58& sec. This closed the badness of the meeting, the hour being too late to allow of other events being got up. Amateur Entertainment at the Theatre. —The Queen's Birthday races were followed up in the evening by a special- amateur entertain ment in aid of the funds. It was carried out' entirely by the Union Minstrels, who were favoured with a large attendance in the lower - parts of the hoose, a moderate one in-the gallery, mid a small one in the boxes. The "business'' was divided into three parts—the first musical, the second musical and terpsL chorean, the third farcical. In the first the "Roulette Galop" was capitally performed by the baud, and some half-dozen songs and choruses were well rendered by a circle of coloured - rangers, the solo parts being taken by Mr. Westlake, who appeared with his arm in a sling, and Messrs. Nelson, Harcourt, and Go wen. The same performers, omitting Mr. Nelson, figured in part 2, Mr. Westlake dancing with good effect a jockey hornpipe in winning colours, and ranging with such dance accompa niment as was appropriate the comic sentimental production "Love among the Roses." Mr. Gowen, who has an excellent voice and a finished style such as is not often attained by amateurs, presented the ballad " Bjrd of the Valley," and the descriptive song "Death of Nelson," and was very heartily applauded. Mr. Harcourt met with the same reward on account of his rendering of the touching legend of that interesting pair "Tobias and Biancus." The farce was the old one of "You're Engaged," which is of the superlatively ridiculous type. The Boy Joe was the most amusing part of it. The whole entertainment was carried through by six performers, and in its way was a success. 