BALLARAT. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MONDAY, MAllOn 13. The share market opened dull this morning, and has continued so all day, Tookey being the only stock that had any call of consequence. They advanced firmly, but the market was bare of scrip, and few were to he had at higher offers than the quotations show. Black Horse and All Saints' were both a little easier, and seemed to have a downward tendency. United Albion . improved a little. Hand and Band and Park were both steady. Winter's Freehold were rather easier. Victoria were firm at the rates quoted The Band and Albion Consols Company had 12oz. 18dwt. for the post week, namely from No. 1 shaft, 18oz. 13dwt. ; from No. 2 33oz. 10dwt. ; from No. 3, 33oz.; from No. 4, COoz. 5dwt.; and from No. 5, fishes. 12dwt. They received for the fortnight, from the No. 1 tributers, £508 8s. 7d.; from No. 2 tributers, £1,339 8s. 2d. ; from No. 3, £110 (is, 0d,; from No. 5, £192 Is. 6d. ; from fossickers, £118 2s. ; from material sold, £40 11s. 6d. ; from deposits, £5. Total, £2,330 16s. Id. At No. 4 shaft some delay was occasioned by the puddling having sprung a leak, but more faces will be opened up during this week, when larger yields may be expected. At No. 2 shaft, the St. George and Band. Company have broken through to the workings, but the encroachment made by them appears, so far as at present ascertained, to be in reef ground only, and in a ventilation point of view will probably be of benefit to both parties. The Prince Imperial Company only washed off two machines of dirt last week, which yielded 18oz. Owing to the heaviness of the ground they were unable to block out any washdirt, and have been able only to put in crosscuts 75ft. apart ; another will be put in to-morrow. The south reef drive of the Emperor Company having been repaired and cleaned out, the contractors for constructing the jump-up and turn-out referred to in last week's report have commenced work. The drive west in wash has been extended 40ft. The Haddon Company lost two days during the week, through an influx of water from the rock. The New Stanley Company, Smythesdale, have put their drive 27ft. across the gutter during the week, and have got a good wash in the face, with gold showing in it the reef remains pretty level, and the water is increasing a little. The British Banner Company, same district, expect to resume work to- day or to-morrow. The All Saints' Company have got the water out of their mine, and the men are below. The main washdirt drives of the Albion Consols ' Company are progressing favourably, and gold can be seen in the faces ; a machine of dirt will be washed off this week ; a bore put up in the western drive broke through at 37ft. into quartz and water, and another bore will be put up at once to prove the dip of the ground; the western drive is still being pushed ahead, and the water is increasing. The New North Hepburn Company have lost their mindona fresh agreement for tribute, namely, 10 per cent, on the gross yield up to 10dwt. per ton, and 15 per cent, on all over that average yield. The North Clunes Consols Company have got their shaft down 62ft., and are through the hard sandstone bar on the east side of the shaft, and into hard slate with good ground for drilling. The Phoenix Company, Sebastopol, have gotthoirdrivescloaued up, and expect to sluice off the first machine this week. Committees of the supporters of Messrs. J. Jones, W. C. Smith, and H. B. Chalmers met this afternoon, to consider the propriety of one of the three withdrawing, as only two could be elected, and it was possible that the three going to the poll might throw the victory into the hands of Jones and Gray. After some little discussion, the friends of Messrs. Smith and J. Jones pointed out that there was not a ghost of a chance for Mr. Chalmers to be elected, and that it would be better for him to retire gracefully. But all arguments were in vain. If Messrs. Jones and Gray win the election by a small number of votes, they will certainly be under a deep debt of gratitude to Mr. Chalmers for the ready help he has-somosay riot unwillingly-given them to beat their adversaries and his own. I am told, however, there is to be another meeting . late this evening to try again and induce Mr. Chalmers to withdraw. At the conclusion of two recent inquests on the bodies of children who had died of scarlet fever, Dr. Lankester, the Middlesex coroner, said that scarlet fever at the present time was as bad as cholera in 1861, 1862, and 1863. Upwards of 20,000 expired from its effects during 1870. I 