UNCLE SILAS : A TALE. OP BARTRAM-HAUGH. CHAPTER XLIV.—{Continued) Jl FRIEND ARISES. BT J. 8. LE FANTJ, Author or •• Wylder'e II and," " The Uousc by the Churchyard," &c.; io. Old Wyat, a white, higli-cauled ghost, was pottering in lier elippors in the shadow at the far side of the bed. Tho doctor, a stout little bald mau, with a paunch and a big bunch of seals, stood with his back to the fireplace, which corresponded with that in the next room, eyeing his patient through the curtains of the bed with a listless sort of importance. Tho head of tho large four-poster rested against the opposite wall. Its foot was presented toward the fireplace; but the curtains at the side, which alone I could see from my position, were closed. The little doctor knew me, and thinking me> I suppose, a person of consequence, removed his hands from behind him, Buffering the skirts of his coat to fall forward, and with great celerity and gravity mado me a low but important bow; then choosing more particularly to make my acquaintance he further advanced, and with another reverence he introduced himself as Doctor Jolks, in a murmured diapason. He bowed me back again into my uncle's study, and the light of old Wyat's dreadful caudle. Doctor Jolks was suave and pompous. I longed for a fussy practitioner who would have got over the ground in half the time. Coma, madam; coma. Miss Ruthyn, your uncle, I may tell you, has been in a very critical state; highly so. Coma of the most obstinato type. He would have sunk—he must have gone, in fact, had I not resorted to a very extreme remedy, and bled him freely, which happily told precisely as we could have wished. A wonderful constitution — a marvellous constitution—prodigious nervous fibre; the greatest pity in tho world ho won't give himself fair play. His habits, you know, are quite, I may say, destructive. We do our best—we do all wo can, but if the patient won't co-operate it can't possibly end satisfactorily." And Jolks accompanied this with an awful shrug. " Is there anything ? Do you think change of air? What an awful complaint it is," I exclaimed. He smiled, mysterously looking down, and shook his head undertaker-like. " Why, we can hardly call it a complaint, Miss Ruthyn. I look upon it he has been poisoned—he has had, you understand me," he pursued, observing my startled look, " an overdose of opium ; you know he takes opium habitually; lie takes it in laudanum, he takes it in water, and, most dangerous of all, he takes it solid, in lozenges. I've known people take it moderately. I've known people take it to excess, but they all were particular as to measure, nnd that is exactly the point I've tried to impress upon him. The habit, of course, you understand is formed, there's no uprooting that; but he won't measure—he goes by the eye and by sensation, which I need not tell you, Miss Ruthyn, is going by chance; and opium, as no doubt you are aware, is strictly a poison; a poison, no doubt, which habit will enable you to partake of, I may say, i;i considerable quantities, without fatal consequences, but still a poison; and to exhibit a poison so, is, I need scarcely tell you, to triile with death. He has been so threatened, and for a time he changes his haphazard mode of dealing with it, and then returns ; he may escape—of course, that is possible—but he may any day overdo the thing. I don't think the present crisis will result seriously. I am very glad, independently of the honour of making your acquaintance, Miss Ruthyn, that you and your cousin have returned; for, however zealous, I fear the servants aro deficient in intelligence ; and aa in the event of a recurrence of the synjptoms—which, however, is not probable— I would beg to inform you of their nature, -and how exactly best to deal with them." So npon these points he delivered us a pompous little lecture, and begged that cither Milly or I would remain in the room with the patient until his return at two or three o'clock in the morning; re-appearance of tho coma " might be very bad indeed." Of course Milly and I did as we were directed. We gat by the fire, scarcely daring to whisper. Uncle Silas, about whom a new and dreadful suspicion began to haunt me, lay still and motionless as if he were actually dead. " Had he attempted to poison himself?" . If he believed his position to be as desperate as Lady Knollys had described it, was this, after all, improbable? There were strange wild theories, I had been told, mixed up in his'religion. Sometimes, at an hour's interval, a sign of life would come—a moan from that tall sheeted figure in the bed—a moan and a pattering of the lips. Was it prayer—what was it? who could guess' what thoughts were passing behind that wbitb-fillited forehead ? I had peeped at him : a white cloth steoped in vinegar and water was folded round his head; his great eyes were closed, s6 were his marble lips; his figure straight, thin, and long, dressed in a white dressing-gown, looked like a corpse. " laid out" in the bed; his gaunt bandaged arm lay outside the sheet that covered his body. With this awful image of death we kept our vigil, until poor Milly grew, so sleepy that old Wyat proposed that she should take her place and watch with mo. Little as I liked the crone with the highcauled cap, she would, at all events, keep awake, which Milly could not. And so at one o'clock this new arrangement began. " Mr. Dudley Ruthyn is not at home ?" I •whispered to old Wyat. " He went away wi' himself yesternight, to Cloperton, Miss, to soe the wrestling; it was to come off this morning." "Was he sont for?" "Not he." " And why not ?" " He Would na' leave the sport for tins, I'm thinking," and the old woman grinned uglily. '• When is he to return?" ""When lie wants money.",; 80 we grew silent, and Again I thought of suicide, and of the ui&appyjoldlmBii;, who just then : whlspored a aontenpe or two to For tbe next hour he hod been quite silent, and old Wyat informed mo that «he must o flpwt^^^ftnfiles. Ours ^ere iflteady § ^:the:ne*t jnumf'-fjsuggeiilefy iatuig theidea W btiiig tofc-'Woie* I "Hoot! Miss. I dare na' sot a candle but was in .his presence," whispered the old woman, scornfully. " I think if we were to stir the fire, and put on a little more coal, wo should have a great deal of light." "He'll ha' the candles," said Dame Wyat, doggedly; and she tottered from the chamber, muttering to herself; aud I heard her take her candle from the next and depart, shutting the outer door after her. Here was I then alone, but for this unearthly compauion, whom I feared inexpressibly, at two o'clock, in the vast old house of Bai'tram. I stirred the fire. It was low, and would not blaze. I stood up, and, with my hand on tho mantlepiece, endeavoured to think of cheerful things. But it was a struggle against wind and tide—vain; and so I drifted away into haunted regions. Uncle Silas was perfectly still. I would not suffer myself to think of the number of dark rooms and passages which now separated me from the other living tenants of the house. I awaited with a false composure the return of old Wyat. Over the mantlepiece was a looking- glass. At another tiino this might have helped to entertain my solitary moments, but now I did not like to venture a peep. A small thick Bible lay on the chimnejpiece, and leaning its back against the mirror, I began to read in it with a mind as attentively directed as I could. While so engaged in turning over the leaves, I lighted upon .two or three odd-looking papers, which had been folded into it. One was a broad printed thing, with names and dates written into blank spaces, and was about the size of a quarter of a yard of very broad ribbon. The others were mere scraps, with " Dudloy Rutlyn" penned in my cousin's vulgar round-hand at tho foot. While I folded and replaced these, I really don't know what caused me to fancy that something was moving behind mo, as I stood with my back toward the bed. I do not recollect any sound whatever; but instinctively I glanced into the mirror, and my eyes were instantly fixed by what I saw. The figure of Uncle Silas rose up, and dressed in a long white morning gown, slid over the end of the bed, and with two or three swift noiseless steps, stood behind me, with a death-like scowl and a simper. Preternaturally tall and thin, he stood for a moment almost touching me, with the white bandage pinned across his forehead, his bandaged arm stifly by his side, and diving over my shoulder with his long thin hand he snatched the Bible, and whispered over my head—"The serpent beguiled hor and she did eat;" and after a momentary pause, ho glided to the farthest window, and appeared to look out upon the midnight prospect. It was cold, but he did not seem to feel it. With the same inflexible scowl and smile, he continued to look out for several minutes, and then with a great sigh, he sat down on the side of his bed, his face immovably turned towards me, with tho same painful look. It seemed to mo an hour before old Wyat came back; aud never was lover made happier at the sight of his mistress than I to behold that withered crone. You may bo sure I did not prolong my watch. There was now plainly no risk of my uncle's relapsing into lethargy. I had a long hysterical fit of weeping when I got into my room, with honest Mary Quince by my side. Whenever I closcd my eyes, the face of Uncls Silas was before me, as I had seen it reflected in the glass. The sorceries of Bartram were enveloping me once more. Next morning the doctor said he was quite out of danger, but very weak. Milly and I saw him ; and again in our afternoon walk'we saw the doctor marching under the trees in the direction of the Windmill Wood. " Going down to see that poor girl there ?" he said, when he bad m:de his salutation, prodding with his levelled stick in the direction. " Hawke, or Hawkes, I think." Beauty's sick, Maud," exclaimed Milly. *' Han-Its. She's upon my dispensary list. Yes," said tho doctor, looking into his little note-book—" Hawkes." " And what if her complaint ?" " Rheumatic fever." "Not infectious?" " Not the least—no more, as we say, Miss Ruthyn, than a broken leg," and he laughed obligingly. So soon as the doctor had departed, Milly and I agreed to follow to Hawkes' cottage and enquire more particularly how she was. To say the truth, I am a fraid it was rather for tho sake of giving our walk a purpose and a point of termination, than for any other very charitable interest we might have felt in the patient. Over the inequalities of the upland slope, clumped with trees, we reached the gabled house, with its neglected little farm-yard. A rheumatic old woman was the only attendant; and, having turned her ear in an attitude of attention, which induced us in gradually exalted keys to enquire how Meg was, she informed us in very loud tones that she had long lost her hearing and Was perfectly deaf. And added considerately— " When the man comes in, 'appen he'll tell ye what ye want." Through. the door of a small room at the further end of that in which we were, we could see a portion of the narrow apartment of the patient, and hear her moons and the doctor's voice. We'll see him, Milly, when he comes out. Let UB wait here." So we stood upon the door-stone awaiting him. Tho sounds of suffering had moved my compassion and interested UB for the sick girl. " Blest if here isn't Pegtop," cried Milly. And the weather-stained red coat, the swarthy forbidding face and sooty locks of old Hawkes loomed in eight, as he stumped steadying himself with his stick; ovor the uneven pavement of the yard, ile touchod his hat gruffly to me, but did : not seem half to like our being where we were, for he looked surlily, and scratched his head under his wideawake. " Your daughter is very ill, I'm afraid," I said. .; •• • " Ay—she'll be costin' me a handfull, like her mother did," said Pegtop. " I hopeher room is comfortablo," poor thing. • \- "Ay, that's it; she be comfortable enough, I warrant—more nor I. It bo all Meg, and nout o' Dickon." " When did her illness commenoo ?" I asked.' -"-P-.-c-^. • " Day the mare wor ehoi^—Saturday. I talked a wi' tho workus folk, but they -wont gi'o (Inout-r- dang •feto' I'fafc 'howflbie to do'ii t be all'ays hard>wi'"8ilas, jut' > a <deal harder now she' ta'en them pains. I won't stan' it much longer. Gammon 1 If she keeps on that way I'll just cut. See how the workuB fellahs 'ill like that 1" " The doctor giveB his services for nothing," I said. •' An' does nothin', bless him I ha, ha. No more than that old deaf gammon that costs me three tizzies a week and haint worth a h'porth—no moro than Meg there, that's making all she can o' them pains. They be all a foolin' o' mo, an' thinks I don't know't. Hey ? wo'll see." All this time he was cutting a bit of tobacco into shreds on tho window-stone. " A workin' man be same as a hoss ; if he baint cared, he can't work—'tisn't in him:" and with these words, having by this time stuffed his pipo with tobacco, he poked tho deaf lady who was pottering about with her back toward him, rather viciously with the point of his stick, and signed for a light. " It baint in him, you can't get it out 'o 'im, no more nor ye'll draw smoke out 'o this and he raised his pipe an" inch or two, with his thumb on the bowl, " without backy aud fire. 'Tisn't in it.', " Maybe I can be of some use ?" said I thinking. " Maybe," he rejoined. By this time he received from the old deaf abigail a flaming roll of brown paper, and touching his hat to me, he withdrew, lighting his pipe and sending up little white pufl's, like tho salute of a departing ship. So he did not care how his daughter was, and had only come here to light his pipe! Just then the doctor emerged. " We have bepn waiting to hear how your patient is to-day ?" I said " Very ill, indeed, and utterly neglected, I fear. If she were equal to it—but she's not —I think she ought to be removed to the hospital immediately." " That poor old woman is quite deaf, and the man is surly and selfish 1 Could you recommend a nurse who would stay here till she's better ? I will pay her with pleasure, and anything you think might be good for the poor girl." So this was settled on the spot. Doctor Jolks was kind, like most men of his calling, and undertook to send the nurse from Feltrain with a few comforts for the patient; and he called Dickon to the yard gate, and I suppose told him of the arrangement; and Milly and I went to the poor girl's door and asked, " May we come in ?" There was no answer. So, with the conventional construction of silonce we entered Her looks showed how ill she was, We adjusted her bed-clothes, and darkened her room, and did what we could for her—noting, beside what her comfort chiefly required, She did not answer any questions. She did not oven thank us. I should almost have fancied that she had not perceived our presence, had I not observed her dark, sunken eyes once or twice turned up towards my face, with a look of dismal wonder and enquiry. The girl was very ill, aud we went every day to see her. Sometimes she would answer our questions—sometimes not. Thoughtful, observant, 6urly, she seemed; and as people like to be thanked, I sometimes wonder that we continued to throw our bread upon these ungrateful waters. Milly was specially impatient under this treatment, and protested against it, aud finally refused to accompany me into poor Beauty's bed-room. " 1 think, mv good Meg," sai'l I one day, as I stood by her bed—she was noiv recovering with the sure reascent of youth—" That yon ought to thank Miss Milly." "I'll not thank her," said Beauty, dog-- gedl^ ery well, Meg; I only thought I'd ask you, for I think you ought." As I spoke, she very gently took just the tip of my finger, which bung close to her coverlet, in her fingers, and dreiv it beneath, and before I was aware, burying her head in the clothes, she suddenly clasped my hand in both hers to her lips, and kissed it passionately again and again, sobbing. I felt her tears. , I tried to withdraw inv hand, but she held it with an angry pull, continuing to weep and kiss it. " Do you wish to say anything, my poor Meg ?" I asked. " Nout, Miss," she sobbed gently; and she continued to kiss ray hand and weep. But suddenly she said, " I won't thank Mill}', for it's a' you; it baint ber, she hadn't the thought—no, no, it's a' you, Miss. I cried hearty in the dark last night, thinking o' the apples, and . the way I knocked them nwa' wi' a pur o' my foot, the day father Tapped me ower the bead wi' his stick; it was kind o' you and very bad o' me. I wish you'd beat me, Miss; ye're better to me than father or mother—better to me than a'; an' I wish I could die for you, Miss, for I'm not fit to look at you." I was sui prised. I began to cry. I could have hugged poor Meg. I did not know her history. I have never learned it since. She used to talk with the most utter self-abasement before me. It was no religious feeling—it was a kind of expression of her love and worship of me—all the more strange that she was naturally very proud. There was nothing she would not Lave borne from mo except the slightest suspicion of her entire devotion, or that she could in the most trifling way wrong or deceive me. I am not young now. I have bad my sorrows, and with them all that wealth, virtually unlimited, can command ; and ' through the retrospect a few bright and pure i ; lights quiver along my life's dark stream— dark, but for them; and tbeBe are shed, not by the splendour of a splendid fortune, but by two or three of the simple/it and kindest rainembiances, such as the poorest and homeliest life may count up, and beside which, in the quiet hours of memory, all artificial triumphs: pale, and disappear, for they are never quenched by time or distance, being founded on the affections, aud so far heavenly. CHAPTER XLV. A OHAFTEB-FDLTI OF L0VEE8. We had about this time a pleasant and .quite unexpected visit from Lord llbury. He had come to pay bis respects, understanding that my uncle .Silas ,WHB sufficiently recovered to see visitors. " And I tbink I'll run up-etairs first, and see him, if be admits jne, and then I have ever BO long a message from my steter Mary, for you and Miss Millioent; but I had better dispose of my business first—dbn't you think so f—nnd I shall return in a few minutes." And as be spoke our tremulous old butler returned tp.*BjrL<bpt Unole.SilaBwouldbe happy to see him. So bedeparted; and you can't think how pleasant our homely sittingroom looked with his coat and stick in itguarantees of his return. «Do you think, Milly, he is going to speak about the timber, you know, that Cousin Knollys spoke of? I do hope not." "So do I," said Milly. "I wish he'd staj'ed a bit longer with us first, for if he does, father will surely turn him out of doors, and we'll see no more of him." "Exactly, my dear Milly5 and he's so pleasant and good-natured." " And he likes you awful well, he does.' " I'm sure he likes us both equally, Milly ; he talked a great deal to you at filverston, and used to ask you so often "o sing those two pretty Lancashire ballads," I said; but you know when you were at your controver sies and religious exercises in the window, with that pillar of the church, the Rev. Spriggs Biddlepen " " Get nwa' wi' your nonsense, Maud; how could I help answering when he dodged me up nnd down my Testament and catechism ? and I 'most hate him, I tell you, nnd Cousin Knollys, you're such fools, I do. And whatever you say, the lord likeS you uncommon, and well you know it, ye hussy." "1 know no such thing; and you don't tbink it, you hussy, and I really don't care who likes me or who doesn't, except my relations ; and 1 make the lord a present to you, if you'll have him." In this strain were we talking when he reentered the room, a little sooner than we had expected to see him. Milly, who, you are to recollect, was only in process of reformation, and still retained something of the Derbyshire dairymaid, gave me a little clandestine pinch on the arm just as he made his appearance. - " I just refused a present from her," said odious Milly, in answer to his enquiring look, " because I knew she could not spare it." The effect of all this was that I blushed one of my overpoweiing blushes. People told me they became me very much; I hope so, for the misfortune was frequent; and I think Nature owed rae that compensation. " It places you both in a most becoming light," said Lord llbury, quite innocently. " I really dau't know which most to admire —the generosity of the offer or of the refusal." " Well, it was kind, if yon but knew. I'm 'most tempted to tell him," said Milly. I checked her with a Teally angry look, and said, " Perhaps von have not observed it ; but I really think, for a sensible person, my cousin Milly here talks more nousense than any twenty other girls." *' A twenty-girl power! That's on immense compliment. I've the greatest respect for nonsense, I owe it so much ; and I really think if nonsense were banished, the earth would grow insupportable." "Thank yon, Lord llbury," said Milly, who had grown quite easy in his company during our long visit at Ulvers'on ; "and 1 tell yon, Miss Maud, if you grow saucy, I'll accept your present, and what will you say then ?" " I really don't know; but just now I want to ask Lord llbury how he thinks my uncle looks; neither 1 nor Milly have seen him since his illness." Very much weaker, T think; but he may bn gaining strength. Still, as my business was nut quite pleasant, I thought it better to postpone it, und if you think it wuuld be right, I'll write to Doctor Bryerly to ask him to postpone the disenssinn for a little time." I at once -assented, nud thanked him; indeed, if I hail littd my way, the siiiijeot should nrver have been mentioned, I felt so hardhearted Miid rapacious; but Lord llbury explained that the trustees were constrained by the provisions of the will, aud that I really had no power to release them ; and I hoped that Uncle Silas al<so understood all this. " And now," said he, " we've returned to Grange, my sister and I, and it is nearer than Elverston, so that we are really neighbours; and Mary wants Lady Knollys to fix a time— she owes us a visit, you know—and you really must come at the same time; it will be so very pleasant, the same party exactly meeting in a new scene; and we have not half explored our neighborhood; and I've got down all those Spanish engravings I told you of, nnd the Venetian missals, and all the rest. I think I remember very accurately the things you were most interested by, and they're all there; and really you must promise, you and Miss Millicent Ruthyn. And I forgot to mention—you know you complained that you were ill supplied with books, so Mary thought you would allow her to share ber supply—'hey are the new books, you know—nnd whpn you have lead yours, you and she can exchange." What girl was ever quite frank about her likings ? I don't think 1 was more of a cheat than others; but I never could tell of myself. It is quite true that this duplicity and reserve seldom deceives. Our hypocrisies are forced upon some of our sex oy the acuteness and vigilance of all in this field of enquiry ; but if we are sty,' we are also lynx-eyed, capital detectives, most ingenious in fitting together the bits and dovetails of a cumulative case ; and in those affairs of love and liking, havo a terrible exploratory instinct, and so for the most part, when detected we ate found out not only to be in love, but to be rogues moreover. Lady Mary was very kind; but had Lady iMary of her own mere motion taken all 'this trouble ? Was there no more energetic influence at the bottom of that welcome chest of books, whiob arrived only half an hour later? The circulating library of those days was not the epidemio and ubiquitous influence to which it has grown; and there were many places where it could not find you out* Altogether that evening Bartram hod acquired a peculiar beauty—a bright and mellow glow, in which even its gate-posts and wheelbarrow were interesting, and next day came a little cloud—Dudley appeared. " You may be sure be wants money," said Milly. " He and father had words this morning." He took a choir at our luncheon, found fault with everything in his own laconic dialect, ate a good deal notwithstanding, and was sulky, and with- Milly snappish., To me, bn the contrary, when Milly went into the hull, he was mild and whimpering, and disposed to be confidential. '.'There's the Governor says he hasn't a bob! Danged if I know how an old fellah in bis bed-room muddles away money at that -rate. I don't suppose he thinks 1 can git along , without tin, Land ho. knows tbem. trustees won't gi'e me a tizzy tilt they gets what thay. CHIIS an opinion—dang jem ! Bryerly savB he doubts it muBt all go under settlement. "' They'll ,settle -me nicely if tbev do; and Governor knows all about it, and won't gi'e me a danged brass farthin, an me wi' bills to pay» (in' lawyers—dang emwriting letters. He knows summat o that bisself, does Governor; and ho might ha consideration a bit for his own flesh and blood, J say. But he never does nout for none but hisself. I'll sell his books and Ins jewels next fit be takes—that's how I'll fit him." . This amiable young man, glowering, with his elbows on the table and his fingers in his preat whiskers, followed his homily, where clergymen append the blessing, with a muttered variety of very different matter. " Now, Maud," said he, pathetically, leaning back suddenly in his chnir, with all his conscious beauty and misfortunes in his face, " is not it hard lines ?" I thought toe appeal was going to shape itself into an application for money; but it did not. " I never know'd a reel beauty—first-chop, of course, I mean—that wasn't kind along of it, and I'm a fellah as can't git along without sympathy—that's why I say it—nn' inn't it bard lines? Now, say it's hard lines—haint it, Maud ?" I did not know exactly what bard lides meant, but I said " I suppose it i6 very disagreeable. . And with this concession, not caring to bear any more in the same vein, I rose, intending to take my departure. " No, that's jest it. I knew ye'd say it, Maud. Ye're a kind lass—ye be—'tis in yer pretty face. I like ye awful, I do—there's not a handsomer lass in Liverpool nor Lunnon itself—no where." He had sfeized my hand, and trying to place his arm about my waist, essayed thot salute which I bad 60 narrowly escaped on my first introduction. " Don't, sir," I exclaimed in high indignation, escaping at the same moment from bis grasp. " No offence, lass; no barm, Maud; you must not be so shy—we're cousins, ye know— an' I wouldn't hurt ye, Maud, no more nor I'd knock my head off. I wouldn't." I did not wait to bear the rest of his tender protestations, but, without showing how nervous I was, I glided out of the foom quietly, making an orderly retreat, the more meritorious as I heard him call after me persuasively— " Come back, Maud. What are ye afeard on, lass f Come back, I say—do now; there's a good wench." As Milly and I were taking our walk that dav, in the direction of the Windmill Wood, to "which, in consequence perhaps of some secret order, we had now free access, we saw beautv, for the first time since her illness, in the jittle yard, throwing grain to the poultry. How do you find yourself to-day, Meg ? I nm very glad to see yon about again ; but I hope it is not too soon." We were standing at the barred jrate of the little enclosure, and quite close to Meg, who, however, did not choose to raise her head, but continuing to shoivi-r her prain and potato skins among her hens and chickens, said in a low tone— " Father bnint in sight ? Look jist round a hit, and say if ye see hiin." But Dickon's dusky red costume was nowhere visible. So Meg 1 looked up, pale nnd thin, and with her old grave, observant eyes, and she said quietly— "Tisn't that I'm not glad to see ye; but if fathpr ivj.s to spy me talking friendly wi' ye, now that I'm hearty, and you bavin' no more call to ine, he'd be all'ays a watchin' and thinkin' I was tellin" o' tales, and 'appen he'd want me to worrit ye for money, Miss Maud; an''tisn't here he'd spend it, but in the Feltram pottnsses, he would, and we want for nothin' that's good for us. But that's bow 'twould be, an' he'd all'ays be a jawing and a lickin' of I; so don't mind me, Miss Maud, and 'appen I might do ye a good turn some day" A few days after this little interview with Meg, as Milly and I were walking briskly— for it was a clear frosty day—along the pleasant slopes of the 6beep-walk, we were overtaken by Dudley Rutbyu. It was not a pleasant surprise. There was this mitigation, however: we were on foot, nud he driving in a dog-cart along the track leading to tbe moor, with his dogs and gun. He brought bis horse for a moment to a walk, and with a careless nod to me, removiug his short pipe from his mouth, he said— " Governor's callin' for ye, Milly; and he told me to send you slick hume to him if I saw you, and I think he'll gi' ye some money; but ye better take him while he's in tbe humour, lass, or mayhap ye'll go long without." And with those words, apparently intent on his game, be nodded again, and, pipe in mouth, drove at a quick trot over the dope of tbe hill, and disappeared. So I agreed to await Milly's return while she ran home, and rejoined me where I was. Away she ran, in high spirits, and I wandered listlessly about in search of some convenient spot to sit down upon, for I- was a little tired. She bad not been gone five minutes, when I heard a step approaching, and, looking round, saw the dog-cart close by, the horse browsing on tbe short grass, and Dudley Ruthyn within a few paces of me. " Ye see, Maud, I've bin thinkin' why you're so vexed wi' me, an' I thought I'd jeBt come back an' ask ye what ! may a' done to anger ye so; there's no sin in that I think— is there 1" '' I'm not angry; I did not say eo. I hope that's enough," I said, startled; and, notwithstanding my speech, very sngrv, for I felt instinctively that Milty's despatch homeward WOB a mere trick,, and I the dupe of the coarse stratagem. " Well then, if yo baint angry, so much tbe better, Maud. I only want to know why you're afraid o* me. : I never Struck a man foul, much less hurt a girl, in my days ! besides, Jloud, I likes you too well to hurt vou. Dang It, lass, you're my cousin, ye know, and cousins is all'nys together and lovin' like, an' none says against it." . " I've nothing to explain—there is nothing to explain. I've been quite friendly/' I said hurriedly. Friendly!" Well if there baint a cram J How can ye think friendly, Maud, when ye wont a'most shake bands wi' me? It's enough to make a fellah swar'e, or cry a'inost. Why d'ye like aggayatin' a poor divel? Now baint ye an ill-natured little pues, Maud, an' Tlikin' ve so well? You're tlie prettieet jaes In Derbyshire ; there's nothin' I wouldn't ilo for ye." And he backed up bis declaration with an oath. " Be so good, then, as to re-enter your dog Cart and drive away," I .replied, very much incensed. " Now, there it is again ! Ye can't speak to me civil. Another fellah'd fly out, an' maybe kiss ye for spite j but I baint that sort I'm all for coaxin' an'kindness, an'ye wont let me. What bo you drivin' at Maud ?" " I think I've said very plainly, sir, that I wish to be alone. You've nothing to say 4 except utter nonsense, and I've heard quite enough. Onco for all, I beg, sir, that you will be so good as to leave me.'' " Well, now, look, here, Maud; I'll do anvthing you like—burn rae if I don't—if you'll only jest be kind to me, like cousins should. What did I ever to vex ye ? If you think I like any lass better than you—some fellah at Elvierston's bin talkin', maybe— it's nout but lies and nonsense. Not but there's lots o' wenches likes me well enough, though I be a plain lad, and speaks my mind straight out." " I can't see that you are so frank, sir, as you describe; you have just played a shabby trick to bring about this absurd and most disagreeable interview." " And supposin' I did send thit fool, Milly; out o' the way, to talk a bit wi' you here f where's the barm ? Dang it, lass, ye mustn't be too hard. Didn't I say I'd do whatever ye wished ?" " And you won't," said I. " Ye mean to get along out o* this ? Wellj w, I will. There! No use, of course; askin' you to kiss and be friends, before I go ( as cousins should. Well, don't be riled, lassj I'm not askin' it; only mind; I d<t like you awful, and 'appen I'll find ye in better burnout 1 another time. Good-bye> Maud; I'll make ye like me at last." And with these words, to nly conlfort, hd addressed himself to bis horse and pipe, and was soon honestly on bis way to the moor; (To be continued.J 