A NEWCASTLE CJIOST STORY. A uevrr.KM \x writes to tho .Ye 7 as follows : — A friend of mine narrates a rather odd ghost story, which has not yet ioand its way into the local newspapers. It appears that a week or two ago some repairs were being made on a roadway not a hundred miles from the Louzes. To prevent accidents a liro was kept burning in the street, as is customary, and a watchman put in charge. One night, about the dreary hour when ''churchyard's yawn," tho watchman was scared by the appearance of a ghost — not one of Professor Pepper's shadows, but a veritable orthodox ghon — white, tall, and fearful to ; look upon. Tho poor man's tooth ehatiored. and he stood rooted to the spot uniil the awful figure vanished, while his "little wee dog" (in tho language of tho music haii) instead of biting, as it should havo done 011 tho appearance of tho invader, i dropped his appendage and cowered trembling at its master's feet. The watchman could watch no longer, and made the best of his way homo, where he informed his holier half of i his strange visitor. The woman appears to havo been more courageous than is usual wit It ; her sex, as she insisted 011 turning out 011 the following night to share the danger of her 1 husband's watch. Again the ghost — .like that ; of Handel's father — appeared, and husband, i wife, and dog' were put to ignomiuous flight. Tie- succeeding day was spent bv (he watch- man and his wife in screwing th-ir courage up to the -d king p but. and it was u!:i- mately La t 1 . . 1 to venture a third lime to ti 0 h.iuuml. ..p .i, securing the Ser vice- o! a c-iujiic of p hicomen ax a guard against danger, tju tic? third night, therefore, ; there was a tolerably large cjmpany round the I fire, consisting of tlm watchman, his wife, and two night COiiMntks (not forgetting the dog). Twolvo o'clock passed and no npparition ntndo its appearance. Tho " mon in blue" wero just beginning to ridicule what tboy termed tho foolish fancios of tho watchman, when, to their horror, tho ghost apponrod. Tho courago of "our bravo .defenders " was not cqunl to tho I ask boforo tbom. Thoy could not manago to apprehend a ghost. Otto moment rooted to tho spot with fear, thoy gazod upon tho awfnl object, and thon onsued a gonoral skcddaddle, tho officers making their way across tho ground ns if tlioy had boon ontered for a pedestrian handicap at tho Gateshead Borough Gardens, and proving conclusively that policemen can run, whatovor their detractors may say to tho contrary. The hair of ono of thorn, Rays my informant, had "stood on ottd " with such vigour as to forco his holmot from his head to the ground ! Ho made his rotreat in liasto, leaving the Itcudpieco 011 tho field, and sotno hours elapsed ero I10 could summon courago to return and recover it. It is almost unneces sary to add that next day tho watchman was 011 strike, and lias not sinco dared to foco his nocturnal visitor. What, aftor all, was tho ghost? 