JIM -BtiUDSO, OP THE PKA.1RIE BELLE. By the Author of "Little Breeches." Wall, no ! I cau't tell where ho lives, Because ha dou't live, you see j Leastways, he's got out of the habit Of liviu' like you and me. Whar have you boon for tho last throe year That you haven't heard folks toll How Jimmy Bludso passed in his chocks, The night of the Prairie Bello t He weren't no saint—them engineers la all pretty muchalike— One wife in Natchez-under-the-Hill, And another one here, in Pike. A keerless man in his talk was Jim, And an awkward man in a row— But he never flunked and ho nevor lied, I reckon he never knowed how. And this was all the religion ho had— To treat liis engine well ; Nevor be passed on tho river ; To mind the pilot's bell; And if ever tho Prairie Belle took fire, A thousand times he swore, He'd hold her nozzle agin the bank Till the last soul got ashore. All boats has their day on the Miasisaip, . And her day come at last— The Mova3tar was a better boat, But the Bella she wouldn't be passod. And so she came tearin' along that night— The oldest craft on the line, With a nigger squat on her safety valvo, And her furnace crammed, rosin and pine. The fire bust out as she clared the bar, And burnt a hole in the night, And quick as a Hash sho turned, and made For that wilier-bank on the right. There was runmngsndcnrsing, but Tim yelled out, Over all the infernal roar, "I'll hold her nozzle agiu the bank Till the last galoot's ashore." Through the hot, black breath of tho burnin' boat Jim Bludso's voico was heard, And they all had trust in his cussedneBs, And knowed ha would keep his word. And, sure'a you'ro born, they all got off Afore the smokestacks fell— And Bludso's ghost want up alone In the smoke of tho Prairie Belle.' He -woren't no saint—but at jedgment I'd run my chance with Jim, 'Longside of some pious gentlemen That wouldn't shook hauds with him. Ha seen his duty, a dead sure thing, And went for it thar and then j And Christ aint' a goin' to bo too hard On a man that died for man. —yew Tori: Tribune. 