! POETftV, A HEWPO&T; ROMANCE. BY BEET HARIB. (FROM THE ATLANTIC] MONTHLT.) Tfiey «ay tbat (be died or n Uroken heart (1 tell the tale as 'twas told to me), Bother spirit lives and lier BOUI IS part Ofthis sad old liuuse by the tea. Her lover was fickle nnd Ann and French; It was nearly a hundred j ears ago Wl'm lie nailed away from tour HI uu-poor wench With the Admiral Bochambeau. I marvel much what periwiggel phrase Won the heart of this sentimental Quaker, At whstgold-lacfd speech of those modish days She listened-the mischief take her { But she kept the posies of mignonette That he gave, and ever as their bloom failed And faded (though with her tears still wet) Her youth with their own exhaled. Till one night, when the sea-fog wrapped a shroud Bound spar and spire and tarn and tree, Her soul went up on that lifted cloud From, this sad old house by the eea. And ever since ttien, when the clock strikes two, She walk* unbidden from room to room, And the air is filled that she passes through With a subtle, sad perfume. This delicate odour of mignonette, Theghottof a dead and gone bouquet, Ib all that tells uf her etory, yet Could she think of a sweeter way ? I sit in the sad old house to night Myself a ghost from a furthtreea And I trust that this Quaker woman might, In courtesy, visit ine. . For thelaugb is fled from 'the porch and lawn, And the bugle died from the foi t ou the hill, And the twitter of girls on the stair* is igone, And the grand piano is still - > i 8ome«here In the darkness a -clock strikes two, And there is no sound in tho sad ohl home. Bat the long rerSuduli drippili^with dew, And in the wainscot a mouse. " . ; ,1 t , The light of my study lamp streams out From the library door: hur has gone astt-av In the depth of the darkened kali. Small doubt But thw Quakeress knows thfe Way. . . ..1 " " ' .' . 0 <»? Was it'the inck of a sense o'epreooght With outward hatching aua iiinard net'?, B"t 1 sweat that the alt just Aowmib fraught WiththeodDurofmigh«Mttei»" ' I open the window and seem almost-. So still lies the ocean-to Jieu the beat Of its Great Gulf artery off the coast, ' And to bssk in ita tropic hAat. . In my neighbours windojws tb? gaslights flare Aa the dancers swing in.6 waltz of Bitauaa, And I wonder hnw could 1 fit that air ; To the song of this ni} old hitose.' And no odour of mignonette £bjp.ta. But the breath of mom on fie dewy lawn, And mayhap from taunts as right as this The quaiut ola legend is bob.' . But ti/poul of tia^ *v941e, w perfnniev As the cpiced em.bfJmiags,pay say, outlast Themummy Jfdd iij hii rock; omb, Awakensjbf buriydpart1 Andltbinkofthepftseientl tahook my youth, Of ita aimlaM loves and iu lie painn, And am thankful now for tb :erUin truth That onlythe sweet rttaBii And I hear no rustle at ttiff ] >cadft ? And I see no fcca at my Jib ty door; For now that the ghosts of n heart are laid, ? She ia vie*iefc» for ever too But whether she came as a fi t perfume, Or whether a spirit in stole ' white, I feel a* I pan from the dark ed room She has been w}th *njsoul i-night I, 