A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN IN HLANCISCO. SAN We have been favoured with the following interesting riotesipon iSan Francisco, written by a gentleman who for many years was resident in Sopta Australia, and who ..has _ recently paid a visit to California. . He says:— I have been very much disappointed with San Franciso. It is certainly a larger own than Melbourne, and does more business, as it has a large trade with Japan,^ China, the Sandvich TslandSj Mexico, Peru, and Chili, but ii its buildings, public and private, its streeti and squares it cannot be compared even to Adelaide. There is not a stone-built house in the city, and I think I may say not a bit of carved stone. This is no place for masons to come to; ninety-nine out o:' every hundred pi the houses are constructed of wood, painted so as to imitate stone, with plenty of artificial pillars and carving. Those built of brick are ornamented in lront with any amount of mouldings and deccrations in plaster. The ceiling3 and walls of every house I have been in are cracked in all directions from the lack of lime in. the plaster. In fact, -the term Jerry-built may well apply here. The rents, nevertheless, are something exorbitant. They have forced np the prices of land and houses in and around the town, for ten miles, to a fabulous extent. A lot 50 feet to Post- street, by a depth of 110 feet, with nothing on it but a miserable wooden tenement of tare bc&rds; was sold last week for $5Q,000 in gold. Post-street is not yet one of the leading streets, but may become a good place for business. In Portland, a town iOO miles away, with a population of 7,000, » lot of 50 by 120 feet was sold for $23,0(0. All the land for a few miles round th« city consists of bare black that grow.no trees and scarcely a blade of grass, only producing dust. Yet they are asking for tkis $1,000 an acre and upwards, in fact, learly all the land for ten miles around is cut np into townships and lots of an eightk and a quarter of an acre, with multitude* of streets only to be seen on paper, as theie is not a shanty or a pigsty on any of the embryo towns. For all that they are askiig $400 and $500 a lot. Agricultural land, firther away, fetches from $25 to $100 at acre. All the land except in very remote districts has been bought up by capitalists, who are holding it for heavy prices. It is the general opinion that there will be a sharp fall in the value of property soon. The streets are pared principally with wedges of wood, shaped like bricks; a few with round waterworn stones the size of ostrich eggs. The side paths are formed of deal boards two inches thick. The streets are dilapidated with ruts and rents, and the footpaths fissured witk big holes—rather dangerous to weak ancles. Moreover the footpaths are often filledwith goods of all sorts piled up, and stationary, for days and weeks, with bales, casks, and boxes. Auctions are held in the streets, and furniture of all sorts, even horses and traps, are lined along and upon the foot- paths while the auction is going on. If a shop requires alterations the joiner fixes his bench on the footpath in a crowded thoroughfare sometimes, and works away in the presence of the passing crowd. There seemjsto be no law or order. The sweeping of shops are thrown on the streets, and John Chinaman goes round with his balanced baskets picking up the rags and paper. There are no parks or Botanic Gardens. No place where a person can take a walk except the wooden streets. There are certainly two gardens, as their owners choose to call them, on tbe outskirts of the town, where the charge is 26 cents or Is. each person for the pleasure of walking in sand and dust, and looking at the ghosts of a few flowerswhich died tne week after the r^jne last May. You might as well take a walk in Wellington-square, North Adelaide. In fact this is the most disagreeable, dirty, lugubrious city have ever been in; but then it has a climate which in spite of its fogs is a great improvement on the climate of Australia, ana besides it is a great centre of trade. There is a number of manufactories here, such as foundries, sawmills, lucifer matchmaking, chocolate, maccaroni, and, flannel nmVing places. I saw beautiful sample of flannel sold at 25 cents a yard. This is the cheapest article in the shape of clothing. A boot and shoe manufactory 10 miles out of town, which gave employment to 80 Chinese, was burned down about three weeks ago. The Chinese are very numerous here, and take the work away from the white labourer. They have several little factories of their own, and make cigars, slippers, &c.; In fact business seems to be carried onwith more energy than in Australia. I made particular enquiries, and there are only 2,000^000 mulberry trees in California, and not 11,800,000, as was stated in an article that went the rounds of the Austra- lian papers. One;small silk-spinning and weaving mill has just been put up, and a • small cotton-mill makes coarse muslins. There is a rope-walk or two. The grapes are dried, but the raisins are small and poor. The almonds are tasteless, and only one-half the size of Adelaide almonds; yet theyjsell for 25 cents a pound. Their butter is much worse, and also.cheese, veal, and mutton ; but the beef is about equal to Australian. Meat is 13 cents a pound all round. Groceries are dearer, but tea and coffee are better. Whatever they can make they use, and will not import, though the foreign article should be .much superior. They are more patriotic than the Australians, and think that nothing is so good as their own, whilst Australians consider that nothing colonial iB good. I am convinced South Australia could vie with any part of the world in the production of dried fruits, raiBins, plums, prunes, currants, and many kinds of jams and preserves. The figs here scarcely ripen, and are the size of walnuts. I have been here tea weeks, and there has not been a drop of rain. Last summer has been unusually hot throughout the States. The drought has prevailed in many parts, and numbers have died of sunstroke. The tea plant here has provedfa failure, and also the ramie or Chinese grass-cloth. Little or no tobacco or hemp is grown, and only a little flax, solely for the seed. Acres of blackberries are planted, and the produce sold at 12§ oents a lb. They are preferred to raspberries. Castor oil trees are cultivated for the oil, and the fruit of the black mulberry is only half the size it attains in Adelaide. The fig,nectarine, and apricot are small, not to & compared with those of Australia;. but the apples and pears are larger, and peaches are equally as large. Strawberries are grown and plucked as fruit every day from May till November. The fanners who grow wheat do nothing else as in Australia; in fact, do not even raise a vegetable. Ttere are dairy farms, or ranches as they are called here; also hog, sheep, cattle, and horse ranches ; everything separate—quite a division, of labour. Grapes and oranged'seem to equal the Australian. Neither here nor in Melbourne or Sydney axe there olive trees and oleanders comparable to those grown in Adelaide. I think the Corporation ought to plant thousands of olives on the outside of the Park Lands. In the' course of a few years attention will be ^ven to the making of oil. Here they have ttegun that business already. The weeds are the- some as spring, up about Adelaide and Melbourne — the hog-weed, the sow thistle, the rattail grass or barley grass, and the weed with the round yellow disc, with no rays for a flower, foundin all the sides of wafertables and watercourses; 1 also the camomile!, so plentiful about Melbourne. The native blackberry is very like the Australian, and bears as little fruit. Small bushes of live oak are found in the neighbourhood in' some parts. The large forest treeB are 20 or 30 miles from the town. I saw some majestic specimens on my way to San Jose, the old Mexican capital, fifty miles south of. San Francisco. The vegetables, like the Australian, are large, but tasteless; you can scarcely tell a carrot from a turnip. The. potatoes are the worst I have tasted anywhere. The pumpkins are and,.-like the ..Australian, nasty flavoured. Melons of all kinds are very common, and are' served every morning at this season at breakfast. I have seen snails and frogs in the restaurants or eatinghouses here, and hundreds of small birds, the size of sparrows, plucked and ready for the firein the markets.. These are the best of Californian manufactures:— Blankets, flannels, and coarse cloths, tanned hides, coarse boots and shoes, furniture, tubs and baskets, hemp rope, printing paper, straw paper, turpentine and resin, brooms, glue, coarse soap, coarse pottery, tin ana copper ware, matches, Blasting powder, shot, and lead pipes. Old iron is rolled again in rolling mills, here salt is crushed, sugar refined, coarse bottles and wire-rope made. One cotton mill makes coarse muslin. A silk weaver has begun work in the city; billiard tables are made, and there are planing mills and sash factories. I have just read in a commercial paper here that all the bags for wheat, &c.;, are made by women in Dundee and imported, although the duty is high. They cannot make them as cheaply here if sewn by the sewingmachine. Nearly all the churches are built of wood -tower, steeple, and alL A Jews' Synagogue and two or three other places are constructed of brick. An immense number of small windmills are employed to pump up water to irrigate the hind. Hundreds are seen in every direction, not like the isolated few seen in Australia. This is the town of tobacco juice, broken cigars, and scraps of paper. The ladies do not wear long dresses; if they did they would soon be dyed with tobacco juice swept from the pavement. As for the cigars, there are enough scraps lying about to supply a Chinese manufactory. I rather suspect there are few cigars which have not been partially smoked before, some perhaps half a dozen times. It is well that people do not know what they smoke and chew. The export of wines to the Eastern States is this year double what it was last year, and the trade is increasing with rapid strides. No duty is paid in New York or Boston, and it goes round Cape Horn. Adelaide cannot send wine to Melbourne without a charge of 2s. a gallon for duty. The sooner there is a federation of the colonies and free trade between them the better. There are farms here of 20,000 to 50,000 acres all in wheat worked by machinery. This is how wheat-growing pays here. There is no duty on its importation into New York or Liverpool, and yet South Australian wheat has to pay in Melbourne a duty of Is. a bushel. Babbits are very small, much smaller than the English, and about half the size of the wild rabbit of South Australia. Poultry do not thrive; they are poor and lean, and will not lay eggs, owing to the cold fogs throughout the summer aoting &s; a pre' ventive to insect life. I have Seen no bees on the flowersin the bits of plots called gardens, and only one or two butterflies, small and reddish- brown. On one occasion I saw two humming-birds hovering over the flowersof a fuchsia. If the country is silent in Australia here there seems te prevail the stillness of death in the fields—nolocusts or even grasshoppers to give a chirp. This town is supplied with eggs by rail from Chicago, a distance of 2,000 miles. ABOLISHING THE LAW OF PRIMOGENITURE.— A petition presented to the House of Assembly on January 5 from the licensed land brokers humbly' snowed:—"First. Thdt having had their attention directed to a Bill now before your Honourable House of an Act to be called 'The Abolition of Primogeniture, Dower, and Curtesy -Act, 1870,' the undersigned perceive that this Bill affects to treat contemptuously the Act of Parliament by which such abolition is already made in 1867. Second. That, primA facie, the real object an scope of the new. Bill is to concentrate and monopolize the transmission and division^ or sales of intestate real estates and the distribution of their proceeds in and by the Suprem Court and its practitioners Third. That such concentration and monopoly would supplant and extinguish the simple, expeditious, and not costly means provided for establishing titlesof intestate persons under the Real Property Act a movement, your petitioners humbly suggest, in a retrograde direction. Fourth. That this Bill not only proposes words to repeal certain portions of the Real Property. Act contained in sections 79 and 80, but more" vitally affects tbe principles of readily dealing with real property. Fifth. That one advantage of the Real Property Act has been that real estate has been inexpensively transmitted to the heir-at-law or tenant by the curtesy. And your, petitioners respectfully submit that some method may yet be devised for administration to be had and distribution made with equal facility, say by means of the nearest Local Court, and without shutting out the Mends of a deceased from obtaining their shares of the property only by the sacrifice of most extensiye deductions entailed by the now proposed method for law costs. A' perusal of the Bill and the known usual working of Acts so open to litigation satisfies your petitioners that the settlement of real estate by this means will be a very tardy affair, and there fore the loss of the expectants by delay will have to be added to that of law costs. Your petitioners would respectfully ask your Honourable House not to pass the said Bill into law as it stands, and to submit the same and the whole subject to a searching enquiry before passing any new measure on this subject." A DBEAM AND ITS FULFILMENT.—The Border Walch reports that "on Sunday, at Glenburnie Mien, 14 years of age, daughter of Mr. B. Ashwell, was drawing water out of a well with her two sisters, when in landing the bucket she slipped and fell in. Immediately her sisters gave the alarm, and assistance was procured as speedily as possible from a neighbouring house. The unfortunate girl was taken out in about half an hour after she fell in, - but life was quite extinct. The well was 80 feet deep, and contained 10 feet of water. A strange circumstance is worthy of note. About a fortnight agb the mother of deceased dreamt several times that her daughter was to nleet an untimely end by falling down the well. This induced Mrs. Ashwell to prevent her daughter going to it until last Sunday, when in one of her mother's engaged moments the deceased offered, in company with her sisters, to draw a bucket of water. On that occasion the dream was fulfilled in the manner related. THE GUMEBACHA LOCAL COURT.—We are informed that on January 4, a day fixedfor the sitting of the Gumeracha Local Court, the parties in some actions, together with their witnesses, were present, but that neither the Special Magistrate nor the two Puisne Magistrates required to make up a Court of Full Jurisdiction put in an appearance. Report has it that this little contretemps was due to difficulty in constituting a Bench owing to the resignation of certain Justices of the district. 