PRESENTATIONS ON BOARD THE FORMIDABLE. —£'1 enclose you," says a valued correspondent, " a slip from a late Bristol paper just sent me from home, in which mention is made of-the late Colonel .Gawler's daughters, Mrs. Hall and Mrs. Poulden (Katie Gawler). It may have some ihterest for those who remember our former' Governor land his family:"]—"A very interesting little ceremony took place on boardthe Bristol training-ship Formidable, now lying off Portishead Pier, on Thursday afternoon. In August last Mrs. Hall, a sister of Mrs. Poulden, was spending a few days on board the ship with , some of. her children, when one little, fellow, un3er four years of age, unfortunately fell overboard, and would have been carried away by the tide and drowned had not Mr. Bear., chief officer of the ship, instantly jumped after him, and brought him safely on board again. For this act of bravery Mr. Bear has since been awarded the bronze medal of the Royal Humane Society, which, in accordance With the wish of the Society, Captain Poulden publicly presented to him on Thursday afternoon, in presence of the officers and boys of the ship and a few visitors. There was also another presentation of a similar kind at the same time. It may be remembered that not very long ago Captain Poulden himself jumped over- board after one of the boys of the ship who had accidentally fallen into the water, and, though a good swimmer, would have been overpowered by the strength of the current and the weight of the boj;, had not Mr. Dyer, one of the ship's instructors, with five of the boys, come to his rescue in a boat, and at the very last moment, in a most skilful manner, caught his clothes with a long hook. It is probable that Captain Poulden will also receive a medal from the Royal Humane Society in due time, but that time not having yet arrived, advantage was taken of the presentation of the medal to Mr. Bear to present to Mr. Dyer a small boathook, with polished shaft and silver head, together with a handsome Bible, the gift of Mrs. Poulden, as a token of her gratitude to him for the part he had taken in saving the life of her husband. This double presentation was made on the deck of the ship, a portion of which had been prepared with flags, fltc., for the occasion. The Rev. J. Axkell, on the invitation of Captain Poulden, took the chair, and explained the nature and object of the presentation in a few brief remarks. Captain Poulden then read the letter he had received from the Royal Humane Society, together with the medal, and then presented it to Mr. Bear, who acknowledged the honour in some very appropriate words, saying that though he had received more than one medal before, he had received none with so much pleasure and pride as this. Mrs. Poulden then presented the miniature boot-hook and Bible to Mr. Dyer, who also received and acknowledged the present in a becoming and feeling manner. The captain's little daughter then presented half-acrown to each of the five boys who were in the boat with Mr. Dyer at the time. After an address to the boys by Captain Poulden, the proceedings were brought to a close by the usual evening prayer. The quiet cheerfulness and orderly conduct of the boys, as well as the state and appearance of the ship generally, bear ample witness to the excellent and efficient way in which the institution is worked by Captain Poulden and the officers of the ship." THE SOCIETY OF ARTS.—We are requested to direet special attention to the announcement, which will be found elsewhere, that the Society of Arts' Exhibition of pictures will be closed o» Thursday evening next. At that time the..31 ] irizes distributed by the Society will. be drawn for. Every one subscribing before Thursday next will be entitled to share the chance of obtaining one of those prizes in addition to the presentation work, which is certain. All those who have not yet visited the Exhibition we would recommend to do so to-day or to-morrow. On Thursday evening officers for the ensuing year have to be appointed. NORTH ADELAIDE BAPTIST CHURCH. — On Tuesday afternoon and evening a sale of useful and fancy articles left from the bazaar in aid of this church, held in November last, was held in one of the rooms adjoining the new lecture hall, when a good trade seemed to be done. On the same evening a tea meeting, was held in the lecture hall and classrooms, and a very successful public gathering, considered as the opening meeting, took place in the church; the Rev. J. L. Parsons- presiding. Interesting addresses were delivered by the Chairmanj and the Revs. J. Price,, J. Jefferis, J. G. McMichael, A. Scales, and H. J. Lambert. THE GREGORY TROUPE. — The Gregorys repeated their entertainment on Tuesday night to a crowded stalls, pit, and gallery, and a moderately well-filled dress circle. The performances from first to last were go^e through with the success which only long practice and natural fitness for the business could ensure. The only feature not alluded to in our first notice were Ithe feats on the perch by the three brothers. These are so cleverly executed that the audience almost forget how highly, epieeii they are with danger to the limbs, if not to the life of the performers. The well-educated dogs, the carefullytrained ponies, and the human members of the troupe were as interesting in their several ways as on.the first night. WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.—It will be seen from the report of the Municipal Council that they intend in future to regulate the weights and measures used in the city. PORT VICTOR.—On Friday evening, the 3rd instant, a lecture on "Enoch Arden" was delivered by Captain Louttit,. of the ship St. Vincent, in connection,* with 1 the Newland Memorial Church, Port Victor, the. subject being illustrated by dissolving views. Mr. Tite occupied the chair. A - vote - of thanks to the lecturer closed ^ very pleasant evening's entertainment, the proceeds of which amounted to nearly £13. « THE GAWLER ACCIDENT.—The man Heniy Ashby, who was hurt by a fall of earth at Gawler last Wednesday, 1 was brought to town by the train on Tuesday, and- admitted to the Hospital, as his .case .had assumed a somewhat serious aspect. 1 POSTAL ECCENTRICITIES. — The currents of traffic are in the North much altered since the advent of railways, and towns have been raised or depressed as the result of trade running in new channels. The postal service has also been necessarily reorganized to the advantage of some places, and the detriment of others. It has been difficult, doubtless, to give villages on the old Burra-road facilities at all like what they previously had when stage coaches ran along stopping at each, and the townships between Saddleworth or Riverton and Kapunda on the Hamilton-road are very badly off. = There may be some show of excuse on the ground of expense, or some other, why Marrabel, Hamilton, and Allandale should not have frequent anc. direct communication north and south, though the inhabitants of each doubtless fail to recognize the validity of the reasons alleged. But at the upper end of the Northern Extension railway there cannot be the ghost of a cause shown for the arrangement in force. . Here is the state of affairs. Some one goes to Farrell's Flat, or any station, between the Burra and Riverton, in the evening, before the up-train has passed, and posts a letter for Koeringa; the missive, however, cannot go by that train, but remains in the office, and with any; others posted up to 8.30 a.m. next day is sent down the line to Riverton, coming at noon to the starting point, and then going on to the Burra. The same interesting and intricate process: is repeated with letters sent from Kooringa to intermediate stations, for what reasou no one but the veriest redtapist could possibly state. People often reap advantage from travel, but the " longest way round— the nearest way home" is a maxim for lovers, not letters, and the benefit to correspondence from its being detained many hours, and carried double or treble the distance that is required, is hardly appreciable. There is no more efficient department in the Government service-than the jostal, and it may therefore confidently be beieved'that this anomally has only to be pointed out in order to be remedied. THE ADELAIDE MARINE AND FIRE ASSURANCE ACCOUNTS.—We understand that an appointment has been made for a meeting between Mr. G. S. Price and the Auditors of the Adelaide Marine and Fire Assurance Company on the subject of the accounts presented at the halfyearly meeting of the Gompany. / - N /' . CHIMNEY ON FIRE.—At about half-past '1 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon it was reported, that a fire had broken out in Hindley-street, but it was soon discovered that it was-nothing more than a .chimney on fire at the . back of Messrs, Main and Geyer's.. Two reels were quickly on the spot, but their services were not needed.' i . - STREAKY BAT.—A correspondent, writing on February 3, states that there were a good many visitors at Streaky Bay during the Christmas holidays. A man named Hamilton,' in the course of an impromptu -hurdle race, met with an accident through a dog running in front of his horse, which tripped, and fell heavily. The rider was picked up it was supposed dead, bu^ in three or four hours he was all right again,, without any appearance of injury {'except a bruise on the forehead. On the 20th of December a little boy three years old fell into a tank 10 feet deep with five feet of water in it..' He was taken out by his father in about five minutes, when he was black in tho face, and apparently lifeless, but after vigorous friction with salt for a quarter of an hour or 20 minutes he recovered. RESPONSIBLE GOVERNMENT IN THE WEST.— The Australasian writes—" Western Australia has been making the most of its morceau of responsive government, and, apparently, before many years it will be in a position to demand the full measure of constitutional liberty. The members of the new Parliament, which assembled for the first time towards the close of 1870, have in a short period got through an amount of practical work which would be creditable to ' more pretentious legislatures." Among other matters, they have transferred the making and repair of roads to local boards, formed municipalities in the principal towns, and otherwise carried out the principle of local government. They have also adopted the English bankruptcy law and other Imperial Statutes, recognising the . desirability of harmonizing local and Imperial legislation, Alreadv, however, there has occurred something like a hitch between the colonial authorities and the Colonial Office. Public works are among the most-pressing requirements of the colony, and Governor Weld had submitted a sjheme authorizing a loan of £100,OOO-to be raised for this purpose; proposing additional taxation to pay current interest on the amount, as well as a Sinking Fund, with the view of its ultimate extinction." It was fondly supposed that Downing^street would sanction a loan for reproductive works for which it was impossible to'provide out of current expenditure; but the question was scarcely under weigh when there arrived a despatch from the Secretary of State refusing to sanction a loan for more than £25,000—that to be expended only upon works that met his approval. Intense was the indignation of the new legislators at this indignity (it was asserted that half a dozen of the members could have easily raised the £100,000 upon their own personal security); and there was a general expression of sentiment as to the necessity of having full control over their own affairs; but, upon reflection, it was acknowledged that they had much better 'make haste slowly.' Parliament will probably pass a Bill authorizing the negotiation J)i - the £100,000 loan, and request His Excellency to procure the authorization of Dowmng-street. The Swan River colony is evidently getting too big for its swaddling-clothes." 