¡M'-y qr.',' V,, W'lpr, Do you rjelÍBvoMn~,.'-^toTiearc'-'Fdon't rnenn visitions -c^t .dfseir^bBdie^ bu.^ thp.xiait spirits; oí *1 flou ules,' " ' ' not yèt " disembod ieu, poimittod, and delightir/gy'-'i*»'"- come back, perh from a diatanc«(Ot2tb)ontands TLOTICCllto the j tioular places, and to ra^nacy the scenes that w foi morly» ac^ pfeasnrahl^. tovtyem. " Of suph s dreams 'dre- made. I /thïnk T "BaVo had occÁs formerly to alludo tor{he P'&antom; Review in Chamn3Í»J!frm->kenj oom* ffaatrrOUf the B«pnp,rand,sound iha^oyoi cañin^forth tho shoals oT^vmrWumWof infan and cnv.Wt:AÍ¡d ^bajterieä" of artillery, who take their appointed places on tho field -with milit precision and in solemn silence, after whioh eoi tho little roan in the little hat, and ?'redingote g.-iso," who rides down battalions, r-oeiving their saluto as of yore, r only melting away with thom at the crowing of cock. Well, if the Champs de Mara wai dull i dreary at midnight without n Napoleonic revii ?what must the Legislativo Assembly Chamber bc Buch an hour now, with itsdesorted honohos, Wlion tho clear moonbeam foll». Through silenco and «hado, o'er IU desolate wills 1 To come to the point, I cannot quite recont myself to tho idea that the benchoa ARE desert I imagine myself in ono of tho galleries, gazi .mournfully down into tho gloom of tho Chnmh when suddenly our well-known friand enters hrisl ?with-" Gentlemen, Mr. Spenkor," and tl 'functionary swoops into tho presidential ch .with his accustomed ' grnco. Thero is 3 Piddington-br rather his ghost, or "fetch" his logs in an instant, with a, notice of motion ; S Buchanan movoa tho adjournment of the Houee : the purposo of bringing under notice tho case of policeman, who had not been able to obtain co pensation for a domestic candle, which ho had cc Bumed in tallowing his nose, after catching ci ?while asleep undor a street awning on a damp nigl Mr. W. Forstor " takes advantage of tho motion i ndjournmont" to delivor a bewildering discourse " the gyrations of truo eloquence," or " tho rotato motion of Parliamentary speeches;" and so the we known play goes on, till Mr. Stewart rises. Thc ïs n rush from tho body of tho House ; a Bhriek ?wild despair from the roportor'a gallery ; the ligl are extinguished, and tho phantoms vanish. I o convinced that anybody who would only tako t' troublo, and wno afforded tho opportunity, mig witness one of theso ghostly debates if he hi ?ufficient courago and faith. Tho poor wanderii Spirits in dreamland that so dolightcd in listening the sonnd of thoir own voices in tho body, and mu bo, Iiko tho soul of Adrian, Pallid, cheerless, and forlorn, must cortainly find their, way back to tho holov region, and, whon tho body is porhopB buried profound ropoBe, engage again in tho mimicry .wordy war, for tho service of. their country. Let bo so ; I have no desiro to gratify my curiosity 1 keeping a midnight watch at tho Pnrlinmont IIOUB I am satisfied with the fact that thoy can no longi boro us in -tho flesh for some months to como, nr ior this, in common with tho gonornl publio, I tond( my grateful thanks to his Excolloncy, nnd wish hil a pleasant visit to Now Zealand-whero I hopu tht he will keop clear of To Kooti- and a enfo on agreeable voyage hack. You may pay what you liko about political sleight of-hand, bunkum, bamboozling, and ull tint kin of thing ; but I, for ono, do liko to soe a thing dor cleverly, evon if it does happen to bo a littlo off th narrowest lino of political morality ; and it mu¡ le admitted that tho manner in which tho Promic has plnycd his cards in bringing this long sossion t n close, with plenty of money to carr}' on witt rofloots great credit on his,ingenuity. Ono thing t lo.eaid ia, that he certainly had not much clovcrnes io contend against, and that the few of hia opponont .who wore troubled with any modicum of that com modity made uso of it to fight against each otho: This made tho victoiy all tho easier ; hut still th .wily Chief managed admirably, in conciliatini some, holding out one or two templin] baits to others, and woarying maro, so tha Ihoy -woro only too happy to soizo tho fire favourable excuse for hastening away to thei Arcadian homos, leaving the conquoror master o tho Mold. Thoro was ovidently some quiet exulta- tion in that pause, when, the last of tho bills havinj gone through its last stige, somebody appearei impatient for Sir James to announcothe closo of fbi session. " "Wait awhile," he says ; and then anothoi pause, as if, having hooked his ffsb, he would plnj it on tho lino for a time, boforo drawing it in. A length ho slowly rises : " I have it in romrannd fron his Excellency tho Governor to say that ho will como down to the Council Chamber to-morrow, nf 12, for tho purposo of proroguing Parliament." Thc spell was inetnntly broken. " Hear, hoar !" was thc responso; tho Chamber waa immediately cleared ; and shortly nftorwards tho auspicious ovont was cele- brated with ' a royal saluto of champagne córka in . tho Iîofreshment Room. By-thr-bye, I iihdorstnhd that tho members of tho Press, who had been for ton months attending upon tho sayings and doings of theso worthies, and who, by tho liberal rules of their committee, nre exoluded from the use of the refreshment deportment, wore NOT invited to particípalo in or sympathize with thiB celebration, though the night was anfficiontly cold and stormy to afford, a vory, satisfactory "excuso for tho glass." I don't suppose that tho Press peoplo cared anything! ! about it, nnd, 'in- any. ense, no doubt thoy all hud too much to do to wish for carousing. The-session is over; nnd, ns Murk Twain says, HUI.P., for a groat many " ripa," in the horsoian ?enso, and soma rats, also, retiro to meditate, I hopo ?with peaceful consciences, ovor tho works of tho past. Just no vi was talking about dreams, and this reminds me of two " remarkable" caaes which havo appeared in tho papers during tho past week. Bottom's Dream was nothing to them. Tho first oaso is reported in tho Albury Bannor, from which it appears that a lady- in that town, whoso family . -were particularly interested in tho welfare of two of the passengers on board of tho Quoen of tho Thames, dreamt that the VOBBOI had hoon lost on a reef. On reading of this " extraordinary fact," a correspon- dent nnder tho signature of " A Native"-whether an aboriginal or not ÍB not'etnted-writes to say that he also bad droamt a dream ; that he also had a friend-a relative, in fact-on board tho Queen of the Thames, and that he also dreamt that the ship .wai wrecked I Most marvellous and super- natural visitations ! ? You havo a relative, or1 a . friend, ?' in whoso welfare you 1 ' aro dcoply interested, going on a. long voyage, ina vosBol on her, first trip, round a stormy capo ; and, in your anxiety, conjecturing all kinds of good and bad fortune, you naturally think very often of ship "wreok. ..'WhAt on; oarlb, or off it, could be more natural than that you should DUEAM of shipwrookP " But tho dream cunio true," BayB tho gobemoucho. Very " júnt, my friend;' but wo hover hear much of I those dreams that don't come true, ox of the realized j dreams i-f matter- of-fuet mattera which have no cer.oinrtsrhio.UJ hcttfe semo^qtipjis pj^pjyjjwnj t bu.t I do^irotestngniristttny.inch natural and reasonable inoidirnts? p^thésor bern^-'chrrVh " cxtraor "Tip'oat" having >-!heen-cput cdown.T another nuisance Hos Sprung' up, 3e¡n0tirV¡r' fKe éxtraoVdirlnry ingfn^ii)jÔT£our cgl/i^fj'ygñj$tV.yñiÍ' 'tho wonderful fertility of thon impish mind. "Tip-cat" had seárfiély ÜWppefl'teii'-'whon the new horror presented itself;' und tho small fry who practico it in the street look up at your remonstrances rind efforts ta escape with much the same kind of sly aid malicious humour as a lalo groat lawyer and agitator may be supposed to have assumed "when he had succeeded in "driving a couch-und-four" through an Act of Parliament. Tho now "infernal machine." con- sists of a round picco of tin-sometimes quito flat, and sometimes turned up on tho edge ;-in fuct, tho top of_ a good-sized round canister soems in request for tho purpose Through tho centro of this apparently harmless implement is drawn a piece of twine, say about a couple of ynrds lorfg ¡ and tho operator, having Btartcd his machino, endeavours to koop it running on tho edgo by him- self running along with it, the end of the twino guido and propeller in his hand. Off ho goes, full Bpcod, through the streets, and, if occasionally pulled up by a baulk, " again ho urges on his wild career." The cord thus carried along I'B not quito so formidable as the scythes which benevolent warriors of ancient times fastened to tho axles of their war-chariots ; but, if it catches you about the ankles, you are bound to como to griof, and to prostrato yourself before your ingonious foo. If you doubt this, try it. There must bo a wonderful freemasonry about those innocent youtliB, to establish this nuisanco all over tho city as soon ns the other was suppressed. The weathor hns boon something moro than pro- voking, and it needs a good moral and roligious training, and a patient disposition, to submit with- out a murmur to tho.continuous drenching rains, and tho horrihlo bogs that pedestrians have to encounter and overcome in tho stroota. Great poverty and Buffering, moroover, is cauBed hy such seasons as this. But I know that it is not right to find too much fault with tho woathor,'and I cer- tainly am not going to sugiost any praying about it. Thoro is' no ovil but presents somo consolatory aspect. Glancing over tho Estimates, I saw a sum of £200 set down for additional wolls on " Tho Death Track." How horribly suggestive of famish- ing thirst, and death in ono of its most frightful fqrms, on 'that dry, desert track to tho westward where so many unhappy travellers havo left their bones to whiten! It is gratifying to eeo that tho Government aro endeavouring to establish wntor reservoirs alon« this terrible country ; and tho thought of its arid and parching plains, and of what mnny a poor victim would havo given for a cupful of tho moisturo now so ttbundunt here, almost reconciles mo to tho rain. 