THE NEWS OF THE DAT. His Exoolloucy tho Marquis of Normanby, aooompanied by his Exoellcnoy Viscount Canterbury, tho Marchioness of Normauhy, Lady Canterbury, Lord Hervoy Fhipps, and suites, -will bo cmtortainod at luncheon to- day, in the Town Hali, by his Worship tho Mayor of Melbourne. Nearly 300 invitations have heon issued to ladies and gentlemen to meet tho distinguished party. Amongst tho guests will bo tho members of tho Ministry, their Honors tho Judges, tho members of the City Council, and tho members of Parlia ment for tho city, as also a number of ladies. Thoro was a lengthy Cabinet mooting on Saturday last, when Ministers wero busily engaged in considering tho estimates, nnd measures to bo submitted to Parliament upon its assembling. Tho mombers of tho Gipps Land Kailway League tire requested to mcot at the Port Phillip Club Hotel to-day, at elovon o'clock, so as to wait upon tho Chief Secretary at half-past eleven. It is moro than probablo that the trial trip of the Corberus will tako placo on Sa turday next. Besides testing the steaming capabilities of tho vossol, the turrets will bo tried, and tho heavy guns fired. Tho following licensing moorings havo been arranged by Mr. Templeton for Sep tember: — 1st, Brighton; 2nd, Dandonong ; 4th, Prafiran ; 5th, Collingwood ; 0&, llich- mond; 8th, Hromana; 9tli, Moruington, (eaoh at eleven a.m.); llch, St. ICilda ; 12tU, Hawthorn ; 13th, Kew (each at three p.m.) ; 14th, Fitzroy (at elovon a.m.); 15th, Cranbonrne ; 16tb, Oakloigh ; 13th, Gardi ner ; 22nd, Cheltenham; nnd the 29th, Berwick (oaoh at three p, m. ) The pitching of the by- wash of Matmsbury reservoir is now approaohing completion. Tho depth of water, as registered by tho gauge, is (states the Kynelon Observer) still 35 ft. ; but tho main valve is fully opened, and a largo body of water is rushing out into tho Coliban. The view from tho embank ment, or tho various viows obtained by a sail along tho water from one ond to tho other, to sny nothing of tho facilities for duck shoot ing, will well repay a visit, especially it a fiuo olear day is chosen. Tho groat length of tho reservoir winding back between tho hill sides, recalls tho appearance of some of tho grand old English rivers, in spite of the crooked gums nnd clumps of tea-tree iu the distance. Tho number of sportsmen visiting tho reservoir iueroaees overy day, but there is no porooptiblo difference in the number of the birds which are located thore. A deputation from Ballarat was intro duced to tho Commissioner of Lands on Saturday last by tho Attornoy- General. A memorial was presented which asked that tho Minister would givo instructions that the land known as tho Corporation Reserve, Market-street, Ballarat, shall bo surveyed in lot3 to suit tho improvements of tho residents — such improvements to bo valued ; tho land to bo put up at £100 per acre, with a valuation for tho City Council of Ballarat, at tho rate of £5 per foot for the allotments fronting Mair-streot andLydiard- street, oxcopt tho corners, of which thirty feet aro to be £7 10s. per foot, and £2 por foot for tho frontago of' Armstrong-street ; and also a valuation for tho improvements tho residents have on tho ground. Mr. Grant intimated that ho wonld have no ob jection to accede to tho request. A meeting was to be held at Stawell on Friday ovoning, with tho viow of initiating stops to entertain tho present Ministry at a banquet. Tho Pleasant Creel ; Chronicle is convinced that, should tho invitation bo ac cepted, Ministers would meet with a perfeot ovation at Stawell. At a meeting of tho Scott centenary pro- motors on Friday night, at tho Camp Hotel, Mr. J. Campbell in tho chair, it was de cided (states the Ballarat Star) to celobrato tho centenary on tho 15tli August by a soiree and literary and musical entertainment, in the Alfred Hall. A committee, consisting of Messrs. Campboll, M'Coy, J. B. Rosa, M'Conncll, M'Dowall, and the socrotary, was appointed to mako arrapgemenls for tho colobration, and to report to tho next meet ing on Wednesday next. Wo havo heard that a proposal has been mado to invite Sir Redmond Barry to preside at the soireo. Possibly also Mr. Higinbotham, in the event of Sir Redmond being prevented from coming; will bo invited to preside. At Gee- long it has been decided that tho celebration shall take tho form of an entertainment. Tho local bodies conference concluded its business on Saturday, and declared itself dissolved, Tho Shires Statute committee brought up its report, and the act was passed. A report of tho various amend ments proposed in tho measure will ' bo printed, and circulated amongst the various shire and borough councils and road hoards. A scheme for the federation of the various looal governing bodies was adopted. Tho proposed object of tho federation is, tho pro tection and advancement of all interests general to these bodies. Tho scheme will be worked by a standing committee and a standing counsel. Tho standing committee will meet at Weber's Hotel on 13th Septem ber. Tho first official inspection of tho Naval Reserve was held at Sandridge on Saturday afternoon by Captain MacMahon, a member of tho Dofenco Commission, and Captain Panter, tho commander of tho force. About two hundred men assembled under Captain Fullarton. They went through various evolutions in a satisfactory manner, and ex hibited considerable acquaintance with the uso aud management of their weapous. A further tost of their capabilities will bo given on Saturday next, when they will man the Cerberus on her trial trip. Two Banco judgments wero delivered on Saturday morning by Mr. Justice Barry, in his chambers. Tho first was in the caso of Jones v. the Queen Insurance Company. The rale to enter a nonsuit was discharged, and tho jury verdict remains undisturbod. The second cose was that of tho Australasian Insurance Company v, "Wrighfcand others, involvine tho validity of tho iire asfltlfanct policy of the late Mr, C, Day, ohemiat, who committed micidc. In thiB case tho decision . of tho full bench, as notified on Saturday, was to grant a now trial. Sir 'Wiiliam Stawell and Sir Redmond Barry were en- gagod during the forenoon in considsriug tto othor reserved judgments ou the list, so that a further delivcranco may shortly bo ex pected. One of our contemporaries ventured upon stating in its Friday's issue tho cases upon which judgment was to be delivered, but fw the prophecy proved to he wrong, we of conrso refrain from complaining of favor itism, and merely regard it as au unlucky guezs on the part of the legal authority. Tho Flcmington hounds met on Saturday at tho racecourse gato, sonic fifty horsemen, including agobdsprinklingof pink, nndseveral carriages, being present. Crossing the river, they threw off near Braybrook, a fast and exciting run ensuing, in tho course of whioh the river was rocro3sod, and after eight or ten miles, over nice grassland and nume rous fences, tho game, a deer, was sighted near ICeilor, and ultimately run into and killed, not far from Essendoa, a fair pro portion of the field being in at the death, The total distance covered was about twelve mik-A Tho question as to whether a person in charge of a vehicle and horse paying loll at tho Sandridgo tollgatos can, within tho twenty-four hours, go through tho bar with ' the samo vehiclo and another horse, without being legally liable to pay toll a oeoond time. . . — wfiethef1, in fact, the toll i3 chargeable on , tho horse or the vohiclo — will bo heard be fore tho Emerald-hill court on Saturday next, preliminarily, wo suppose, to its being taken before tho Snprcmo Court in banoo. Tho caso is tho now famous one of Lenry (lessee of tho toll) v. Patterson (cabman), which first came before tho lowor court in November last. A question was thon raisod as to whether tho lessoo had a right to levy toll at tho two gates, and it being decided . against him ho appealed, ond the lull court docidod in his favor, nnd remitted the caso back to tho Emorald-hill polioo court. The parties have agreed to leavo it to the benoh simply to decide tho question abovo slated. On Saturday last tho meet of the Mel bourno hounds was appointod to take placo at Point Cook, Mr. Chirnside, as usual, placing tho deer in his paddock at tho dis posal of tho master. After somo littlo trouble a pair were separated from tho mob, and tho hounds laid on to ono of them, wlii nil fnminiinr! Knrvrfc fill' tlin unarm of an hour, when tho pack wore whipped off, and tho game allowed to roam at large for another occasion. Tho doer afterwards licadod for Williamstown, and will doubtless ore this again havo found his way to tho neighbor hood of his old walk, Tho Government astronomer reports : — Tho weather at tho beginning of last week was cold and very boisterous, and continued so with heavy squalls at intervals and frequent rain-showors until the 20th, when it moderated and bocame (ino aud ploasant until the end of tho week. Tho highest tem perature in the shade, 03.0 dcg., wa3 re corded on the afternoon of tho 17th ; tho lowest, 35.0 dog., on tho early morning of tho 22nd. Tho highest reading of the barometer, 30.323 inches, occurred on tho morning of the 22nd, with calm foggy weather; tho lowest, 28.933 inches, at 6 p.m on the 17th, during a westerly gale. A remarkably great and rapid fall of tho baromctor took placo from 6 p.m. on tho 16th, whon itstood at 29.009 iuohes, to 6 p.m. on tho 17th, whon tho minimum occurred, 28.933 inches, being a rango of nearly sovou-tonths of an inoh in twenty-four hours. ThiB is _ tho lowost barometer reading during tho winter season recorded during the lost thirteen years ; in tho summer season, during a flood, it foil once lower during that period — in Deoembcr, 1863, 28 80S inches ; and during a hot wind in December, 185S, 28.901 inches. Lightning ocourred on tho 18th, and fog for a short time on tho morning of tho 22ad. Tho aurora australis was visible on tho evening tf tho 22nd. Rain fell to tlio amount of U.47 inoh, making tho total rain fall Biuee tho beginning of tho year 14.24 inohes, as compared with 16.73 inches during the samo period iu 1870, 10.23 in 1869, 9.50' in 1868, 12.80 in 1867, 10.13 in 1866, 9.54 in 18G5, 15.36 in 1SG4, 14.82 in 1863, 14.44 in 1862, 14 73 in 1861, 11. 6G inlSGP, 12 57 in 1859, 10.91 in 1858; or an average of 12.57 inches. What Mr. MoliBon, P.M., termed a "most disagrcoablc and pitiablo care" came before the Emerald-hill bench on Saturday. Stephen Fitzpatrick summoned his brother, John Fitzpatrick, for using insulting words. Tho parties aro tailors, and their mother, who is still living, is very old. She is, in fact, too far advanced iu years to assist either of the brothers oven by stitcniog. Ail tno worn has been got out of her that was over in hor, audshois now unable to care for herself, much less any of her offspring. She did not apparently put by any money forlior old age, having probably been unable to do so and still bring up a family. Thoro is in fact nothing moro to bo got out of her. The sons, Stephen and John, aro married, and, from tho evidonce, seom to liavo had disputes abont the old lady, oaoh wanting tho other to givo hor a homo. Yesterday week, Stephen, whom she was stopping with, turned her out of liis house, according to her account. She went to John's, and, tho night boiDg bitterly cold, she returned to hor other son's for her bedclothes. John wont with her, and a quarrel ensued, ending in a fight between the brothers. The case was dismissed. Over olovon hundred persons visited tho Emerald-hill Industrial and Art Exhibition during tho evenings of Thursday, Friday, and Saturday last, exclusive of the ohildren from tho Protestant Orphanage, who wore invitod by the committee to tho Saturday afternoon exhibition. Madamo Sanderson, Messrs. Exon, Dwight, tho pupils of Mr. Govor, ond the local Artillery band, havo been among tho musical attractions. It is the inten tion to invito tho inmates of tho Deaf and Dumb InBtituto, as well as tho children of the St. Vincent do Paul Orphanago, on next Saturday. Tho increased attendance has inducod tha committeo to keep the exhibi tion open longer tliau was originally in tended. Tlio Marquis and Marchioness of Normanby havo be?n invitod to honor the Hill by a special visit, to what may justly bo deotned ono of tho greatest attractions it has yet possossed. Special mention should bo mado of Madamo Sanderson's kindness, whose songs havo always secured loud ap plause, and whose services, in eommon with vocalists and instrumentalists, have been gratuitously givon. Vanity Fair contains a cartoon which pro fesses to bo a portrait of the new Governor of Queensland, the Marquis of Normanby, and at foot thore _ is an intimation that tho Marquis is the eighty-third statesman that has beon car tooned in Vanity Fair. Tho following are tho editorial oommonls upon tho subject of tho portrait :— " Lord Normanby is an ex cellent oxamplo of tho results that training and onlturo can produce in a favorable sub ject. He has sat in both houses of Parlia ment, and supported Liboral measures like a politician ; ho has governed Nova Scotia with aptitude and discretion liko a statesman, and has occupied in thoRoyal household the status of Captain of tho Gontlemcn-at- Arms and Gold-stick like a courtier. His natural intelligence makes him at homo in ony situa- tion, and strengthened as- it is by great ex perience, ho may always bo counted upon to tako a prudent course, to do precisely the right, and, what is more important, never to do tho wrong thing. Those qualities will commend him to that vigorous young colony of Queensland of which he is now appointed governor ; and liis passionate devotion to field sports, and great social geniality, are an additional security that ho will obtain their full sympathy and rondy support in performing tho duties ho has undertaken. He has therefore evory prospect of success fully ruling that distant dependency in a maunor that shall dovolopo its own strength, bind it by stronger ties to tho homo country, and thus knit together more firmly the com ponent part3 of the great British Empire." Mr. Morton Tavaros, an actor who comes to us with a reputation as ono of the best Iagos of tho modorn stage, makes his first appearance at tho Royal this evening, in Bulwer Lytton's play of Richelieu, Mr. Tavaros taking tho principal part, and sup ported by Mrs. Darrcll and Mr. Howe. Othello will be placed on the boards during tho week. The borough council of Crcswick has in structed tho town clerk to reply to the cir cular from the Duuolly Borough Council in reference to the circular from that body re lative to urging upon tho Government the desirability of constructing a cross-country line from Ballarat to Sandhurst, stating, " That the borough council forms a portion of tho North-Western Railway League, : whose objaeJ it the construstion of z rias from Ballarat via Crofrariolj to Qluaes." Tlw 11\. ii-o also informod the Danolly CoMol that trial surveys of tbb U.n® i£eu mado by the Government and submitted to and approved of by tho league, and that a deputation- front tho losguo wculdwatt upon tho t.ovcraineaniau ' 7, 1 " beziuuing of tbo works. ... \ ; On Saturday Mr. Longmoro promised a deputation from tko M'lyor Shire Couucil to aonsidor a claim made by that council for a orant out of the main road subsidy, along with other claims which had beon sent in of a similar nature. - The Baech'tis Marsh Express, 22ud July, records «>e following incident Ma ll'Crae, of the Dayioeiotd r»a» k®. pirly in thO week, was from the Highlands of Scotland; - and continued m general good health until lier last attadk of paralysis, to which sho sticoumbed at tho advancod ago nf St A must remarkable phenomenon m ber history was that for years previously to ber being : 70 sho was obliged to wear spectacles, but after attaining that ago her sight improved, and sho was able to read, sow or do anything without tho use of those appendages, up to tko time jus- pro- viOQB to licr iitsfe attack. The Courier states that Mr. A. J . Forbes has issued a writ, against Mr. James Rddy, for having taken his seat at tho Billarat 7, %<=(.. Pnnncil table at a time when, being a contractor of the council, ho was luoligiblo for the office. Mr. Eddy, it is said, will not attend another council meeting until .be matter is decidod. 1 In tho Equity Court, last Saturday,, argu ments waro concluded and judgment was reserved in tho case of the Mayor of Mel bourne v. tho Queen, relating to tho Carlton Gardons question. An attempt at suicide was mado yesterday afternoon by a girl named Margaret 1 uuar-. ton twenty-three years of ago, residing at the Now England Hotol, Russell-street. She had taken a considerable quantity of oroton oil when she was discovered by some of tho residents in tho hotel, and at once removed td'r tho hospital. Tho requisite remedies wore promptly administered, and last ovening she was in a -fair way of re covery. v ' A strango aooidont ooonrrod yesterday afternoon in Little Lonadalc-streqt to a ohild Robert Anderson, four years of ago. He was playing with a halfpenny, and placed it in his mouth. Tho child, being suddenly startled, swallowed tho com, and upon this becoming known to its parents they at once removed him to tho hospital, whore ho still remains? ' Three cases of accidental injury woro ad-- mitted to the hospital on Saturday. Samuel Gale, aged ' uineto'on, residing m Franklin- street, fell off his dray aBd fractured his leg. James Liurenson, aged forty-live, a farmer at Woodstock, ' was running after somo calves when his leg Blipped between two boulders, causing him to fall heavily to tho ground nnd break his right leg ; and Mary Ann Ewans, - agod five yoara, living at Eltham, was admitted with her ankle nearly severed in -consequence of a blow from a tomahawk received from another child, with whom she was playing, xno iwo urea u.iaua ate progressing favorably, bnt in tho last case it is probable that the ohild will have to lose her leg. The Burnt Bridge ghost sooms to havo beon playod'' oat. Tho correspondent of tho JBallarat Star says "In connection with tbis subject the following is tho latost out. Risin" early,' before daylight, to feed his horses, Mr.:. Campbell's plonghman paid a visit to the haunted brick bouse to get some : hay. Before ho had timo to strike a light or bless himself, ho heard dirootly tinder his feet unoartlily moaning and groaning, as of persons smothering, and, forgetting that ' words and signs havo power o?er Bpritos in planetary hour,' strnok a light, and dis pensing with . words and signs, tried the magic of a pitchfork. A fow probo3 had the desired effect ; tho hay was in motion, aud instantly wore hoard, in truo nautical style, two gruff voices shouting ' All aboard.' They were those of two runaway sailors, who lodged with the ghost for the night." A caso has been brought undor our notice wbioh appears to demand inquiry. At tho Richmond Polico Court, on the Saturday be fore last, Mr. Morgan Hopkins,' a contractor at Or. Egau's now buildings in Churoh- ntreet, was fined .-C5 and £4. 4s. costs for an assault upon Mr. Michael Egan, jnn., architect of tho buildings. Tho magistrates on the bench wore Messrs. Gloadell. and Bosisto. Those aro alleged to be - friends of Or. Egan'B, and , more than ono person, entirely disinterested, states that.- the decision gavo_ the utmost . surprise in court, from inquiries made, it appears that the matter should in somo way be further investigated. At tho Emerald-hill Polico Court, on oaturaay, a gm umuvu «i»uu n summoned undor tho Polico Offences Statute for leaving a dead dog' in a pnblio stroet. Sub-section 9 of clause 16 of that act pro vides for thd infliotion of a penalty on any one leaving a dead " boast" on any road or thoroughfare. .That provision was tho only one undor whioli the defondant could havo been summoned. The interpretation clause defines what tho wordB "cattle" or "ani mal, " but not what tbo word "boast, " shall be considered to apply to. Tho provision under which tho defendant was summoned only contains the word " boast," and Mr, Molison, P.M., held that it meant nothing but cattle, and did not refer to dogs. Ho ruled in fact that a dog was not a beast, and the case was therefore dismissed, Tho announcement of tho vice-rogal patronage and tho liberal programme at the Princess Opera House on Saturday night had tho effect of attraoting a splendid house. Every part was orowded. Their Excellencies and suite arrivod oarly and remained until the end of the perform ance. The pregrammo comprised three acts 1 of Saffo and tho whole of II Matrimonio Segreto. Tho rendering of both was un usually good, tho liberal applause apparently stimulating the performers to-groater than ordinary exertion. II Matrimonio seemed i. iknimaoft anflofnoHrtn fl.Tl /I SlfTTirtr givw HUD Aa-waw Oflivicmwuwu, Grandi, whoso eccentricities provoked roars ' of laughter, was even more than generally generous of his powers, The usual honors were paid to the vico-rogal party,. To-night Norma is to bo given by particular request of Lady Canterbury nnd tho Marchioness of Norinauby, who are announced to patronise tee performance. Miss Pilkington, well known as a pianist long before many of our present professors arrived in Victoria, will give a concert in Weber's room (late Hockin's) next Thursday evening. All the principal vocal and instru- mental talent not engaged at the opera has been retained for the occasion, including Miss Amelia Bailey, Herr Schott, and Signor Devoti, and the programme is extremely well selected. The price of admission to the reserved seats is perhaps rather high for the times, but during her long residence in Mel- bourne Miss Pilkington must have made a host of friends, who will doubtless rally round her. In any case, the admission to tho other parts of the hall is low enough, which, with tho varied programme, should attract a good attendance. Tho snccess attending the Gregorys' sea son at St. George's Hall has inducod Messrs. Gregory and Har wood to continue tho en- lertiinmont for Bix nights longer, and an attractive programme will bo presented every ovening this week. Fbou the author, Mr. H. E. Victor, wo havo \- to aoknowledgo the receipt of a copy of his Notes ou our Railways. CooaeiLLoa Rdsiiall, of Fitzroy, invites his friends to meet thiB evening, at the Buck's Ileal Hotel, Napier-street, to take steps to secure liis re-election to tho conniil, of which ho has been a Member since the commencement of 1851. Mu. M. L. Htrrouiksox lias called a meeting of his friends and supporters in tho approaching contest for municipal honors at Brunswick. The meeting will bo held in tho local mechanics' in- Itituto, this ovening, nt half-past seven o'clock. Tiie entries for the Croxton Park Steeplechase Meeting, to bo held on Saturday, 5th August, close thi3 evening, at eight o'clock, nt tho Prince of Wales Hotel, Bourkc-strcet. Tho programme Ma3ist3 of a Handicap HurJlo Race, Handicap Steeplechase, HandicapTrot, and Selling Steeple, I »Bi-les a Consolation Handicap Hurdle Race. I , At the Waxworks Mr. Kreitmayer has added tu his collection figorea of the Dying Zouave, and the Nunawading Prophet. The latter is a good iikmioss of tho personage whoso doings during tho list few years havo latterly created quite a public Mnsatiou, Tho formor is a moving figure, and j ooaveysan impression of reality in tho agony portrayed before tho spectator. At this place tho Draager family give their concert every I Oieuing. 