SMHT STORIES BYADULTTJS. St. George's Terrace, July 31st, 1871. York Agricultural Society's ghost! Yes, the " York Fair," which emanates from that Society, is indeed the mere ghost of former days. I was at one of the York Agricultural Shows some 18 years ago, and everything was really agricultural every kind of business going on told me I was in a flourishing pastoral and agricultural district. There were of sales going on of herds of cattle and flocks of sheep, and butchers were buying up fat stock ; stalls and pens full office show stock, and the show-ground was studded over with noble studs and fine draught sires. Such was the York !teir"'dáys',-20ryears ago. ' But what are they now? Strolling on the Causeway] and a little beyond it, the other day, I met a person driving a team. Marryat tells us that there is many a wise head under a tarred hat, and so I thought on nearing this driver. In fact, I was sure he was a Yorkie they are all men of no mean " gait," as a Yorkshireman at home has it they have great self- assurance and are not easily put down; yes, you may know a man from York if he is passing Government House, and you are looking from Carr's corner. If he is only a carter, he will be walking upright ; if a gentleman, you would think him one of the barons of old, jolly and fresh as they morning dew. Therefore, could I mistake the man ? No, he was a York- ite. " Good morning, master carter." " Good morning, Sir." " You are from York, I believe ?" " Yes, Sir. "I see by the papers that a third quarterly meeting is to be held by the members of the York Agricultural Society, to arrange matters for their show of stock, &c.; Are you a member ?" "Yes, Sir. Although only a small farmer, I have long been a member, but disapprove very much of the way business is managed." " Will you kindly tell me, then something about it, as I have heard of a great falling off from the good times of old." "You are right, Sir. But before I have time to relate the difference between past and present, you must allow me to unhook, as I always best here. It will never pay to go the inns which our teams. The publicans buy in corn at 5s. and 7s. a bushel, and sell it out again in feeds at 18s. per bushel. That won't do for me. There, Captain, I ask, and old Maggie will do for half an hour with those nosebags. "Now Sir, you wished to know something about the York Fair ?" " Yes, Master Conway, if you please. But why do you say " York Fair," when in former years I only heard of it as " The York Agricultural Show?" " Why Sir, the fact is, " The York Agricultural Show has turned into a " Lollypot Fair." Twenty-one years ago, Sir, it was worth going to see. There was something to be sold and something to be bought worth having in those days, but now, alas ! how changed. From end to end of the streets, at every hundred yards, there's a booth with every con- ceivable kind of lolly, cake, and toy for the enjoyment and amusement of children and silly women. Two years ago I was there looking out to purchase a horse, and hearing the crier with his bell proclaiming the fact that a sale would take place at 12 precisely, followed him to ascertain what the auctioneer was going to sell. " Some beautiful watches, sir," was his reply. Some beautiful watches ! Well, Sir, I got upon my horse, and went home in disgust. As I was toddling home, I thought to myself, " York is a big toy shop, or drinking hole, whichever you like to call it, for this work at any rate. Show pens were scantily filled, and the same horses were brought on to the show-ground every year, with no additions, and the last attempt at a sale of live stock which I could bring myself to witness, was an auctioneer upon a hurdle, and some twelve or fifteen roughs about him, each making a bid in perfect ridicule, the auctioneer concluding with 5s. only offered, and that for a five-guinea ram." " Well, well," I exclaimed, and turned away. Butchers have long ceased to attend the annual meetings at York, because live stock sales have long ceased, as well. " This, Sir, is what the fine Agricultural Show has dwindled down to. Thus there comes out every year the same old see-saw list of prices, as old as Methusaleh They remind me of the song of " Jump Jim Crow" Wheel about, turn about, do just so, and over and over again the old list comes forth For the best imported horse, £5 and this prize has been taken by the same horse for the last seven years, and pocketed by the same person. £3 for the best pen of fat wethers, and, with but one or two exceptions, this prize has been carried off for the last 20 years by one and the same person. There are many more paltry prizes I could name if I had time. Of what earthly use is a pen of fat wethers towards promoting the utility of the Society? Everybody will make their sheep as far as they can, and there is not a member of the committee who can point to the advantages to any district accruing from the prizes given " for 20 fat wethers" and " 20 ewes that have reared lambs." If I were a member of the committee, instead of that worn-out old list of prizes, I would suggest that a premium be given of (say) £50 or £100 for a good cart entire and good blood entire ; a good prize for the introduction of fresh blood amongst our horned cattle; a good prize for rams. Let them give these, some year by year that is, for a horse this year, for a cow or bull next year, and so on." I had the farmer good-bye, and on my return home made my notes of what he said, and now send them to you. In my opinion, it is a grave point for all the Agricultural Societies to consider whether the prizes they offer do really answer the ends for which they are given. A number of small prizes such as they yearly offer, can hardly be expected to make any material improvement in the breed or care of live stock generally through the district. The introduction of fresh blood, whether horses, sheep, or cattle, or even pigs, is, I should say, of the greatest importance. I remember, on reading one of your Agricultural Reports for the " Fair Week," it was stated that Mr. John Taylor gave it as his opinion, that rams should be regularly and yearly brought into the colony from other countries, as there was a tendency to lightness of wool perceptible when too much in-and-in breeding was adopted. This rule then, I should imagine, must hold good with other live stock, although of course in carcase only. Symmetry is greatly looked after in the mother country, and should not be neglected here. A society which has no other funds than the subscriptions of its members, should give only such prizes as the majority would desire. The committee handle money not their own, and only when they can benefit the district in an agricultural and pastoral point of view, should they spenc^it._ 