B 88. I w.vs on duty as head-guard of tho .up north train when what I am going lo tell you about took place. It happened one wet and stormy autumn evening just about dusk. Ilow well I remember the time ! My journey for the day was over, and the train was jii.st drawing up to the platform at Park End Station — Park End is a very busy place now, as I dare say you are aware, and it was a busy place even then — when I heard a sudden sharp cry of " Man down ! " from some of the porters. The very same moment, as it seemed, my van, which was at the tail end of the train, gave a Strang;1 sort of jolt, as though the wheels had been lifted oil' the metals and gone over some thing soft. I turned cold from head to foot, and letting go the handle of my break, was out of my van in a couple of seconds. There the poor fellow was, sun; enough, lying about a yard away from the hindmost vehicle, a heap of clothes and broken bones. In attempting to get out before the train bad come to a stand still, lie had slipped dowji between the carriages and the platform. One carriage and my heavy break-van bad gone over him. I was the tir.M man that leaped down on to the line to liiL him up. We got liiin on to ihe platform as tenderly ns wo could ; a ring of porters, guards, and passengers termed round us. A couple of lanterns held alott iighted up the ghastly scene. Ho whom I held iu my arms was a in-ui be- tsvnen fifty and sixty years old ; bis sandy hair and his sandy heard were fast turning grey. He had a sharp foxy-looking face, like that of a man keen at a bargain, and well able to take care of his own interests. IIo was plainly dressed iu black and grey, hut with a. certain stamp about him which showed that lie was both a gentleman and a man well to do. Poor fellow ! lie was very near his end, He had given utterance to no cry when he lirst fell, and one or two moans wero all that now told his agony. His lips moved as though he wanted to speak to roe, but only a faint murmur came from them,. 1 bent my ear close to his mouth, but even then I could not make out what he wanted to say. He groaned and shut his eyes, and I thought lie was gone. ; but in a moment or two his eyes opened, and again he tried to speak, but in vain. Then, fur about as long a time as it would take me to count twenty, his gaze, met mine with an expression iu it of such yearning anxiety and terrible despair as I have never seen since, and hope never to see again. Then a sudden spasm crossed his face, chang ing its whole expression ; lie flung one arm out quickly, his head fell hack, and lie was dead. A stretcher was brought, on which the body was carried to tho dead-house at the hospital, there to await the inquest. The dead man had no luggage with liitq, except a small black bag ; but there wero papers about him sufficient to prove his identitj'. His name was M uxloc, and he lived in London, lfe vfas a bachelor, and had chambers in the Temple ; and his business, as far as I could make out, seemed a sort of cross between that of a lawyer and a money-lender. After the inquest, at which .T. was called as one of the chief witnesses, the body was claimed by the relatives, andlthought that I had seen and heard the last of Mr. Muxloe. I went about my work as usual, but I could not get out of my memory that look of terrible despair which had flashed from the dead man's eyes into mine during that last minute of his life. It haunted me by day, it haunted mo by night, when I was at work, and when I was asleep. Do what I would, I could not' get that ghastly face, with its strange yearning gaze, out of my mind. 1'oor as f was, I would have given much to know what it was that Mr. Muxloe was so despairingly anxious to tell me. A month or more passed away, and although the poor dead gentleman was often in my thoughts, 1 had quite re covered my cheerfulness when the strangest thing happened to me. I was acting as guard that week to the 0 n.m. down express. Wc had stopped at Gluywoods, a station about thirty miles north of Park End ; I had got out of my van as usual Lo see after the passen gers ; I had made everything right, and was just about to give the starting signal with my whistle, when, as I walked alongside the train, glancing into a compartment here and there, whom should I see sitting in one of tho carriages, as plainly as over I siiw anything in my life, but tho dead man, Mr. Muxloe ! Yon might have knocked me down with a feather, as the saying is. My blood turned cold to see in his eyes that same strange look of which I have already spoken. It was a look that went through me, and chilled my heart with horror. How I contrived to gis'e tho signal for the train to start, and got hack into my van, I never knew ; hut we had got half a dozen of miles from Clay woods before I seemed to come to my proper senses. All that 1 could do, as soon as I was fit to think more calmly, was to doubt the evidence of my own eyes. I was an utter disbeliever in gliosis or apparitions of any kind. I would not believe that I had seen anything out of the common way in the present case ; I chose rather to think that T hud been a victim to some freak of my imagin ation- — that Mr. Muxloe had been so much in my thoughts of late, that I had come at length to believe that I saw Mr. Muxloe again in proper person. I. had quite persuaded myself that such must lie the case by the. time wo drew up at our next station ; still, it was not without a little shrinking of tho nerves that I walked quickly past the carriage where 1 had seen 'tho ghost, or whatever it was. There was no ghost there now — and I laughed a little spiteful laugh to myself. In fact, two old ladies had just had tho door of the very com partment opened for them, and were being thrust in with their boxes and bundles. I saw the old ladies comfortably seated, and shut the door on them myself ; and as I did so, I unthinkingly read ofl" tho number of the carriage in which they had taken their places — that number was 13 8S. There seemed to mo a familiar ring about the words 13 S8, and I kept repeating it over to myself after the train was fairly under way again, puzzling my memory to think where 1 had heard them be fore. At last, it all flashed across my mind : B 88 was the number of the carriage, from which Mr. Muxloe was in the act of alighting when ho missed his footing and fell ! The number had been brought up among other evidence at the inquest, and had there im pressed itself on my memory. There was something odd about the affair that I didn't half like ; perhaps the apparition was my death-token, and had been sent to warn me. For tlio remaindei of that day my thoughts were far from comfortable. Noxt day, I was ordered away in charge of -a special, and I did not go out any moro that vvepk with the 0 a.m. ex press. The week following, it was my turn to go out with the 9.15 p.m. mail ; it was a train that, as a rule, carried very few passengeis. White Ash was one of tho stations, and at it we stopped for three minutes to pick up and set down post-office bags. Wo were just oil ; the point of starting again, and I had just taken my usual look along the length of tho train to see that everything was secure, when — as you will already ha.vo guessed — I was again startled by seeing the gliosl of Mr: Muxloe sitting all alone in the middlo com- | purtment of a firMclass carriage. That carriage was tho hateful 15 88 ! The light from the roof shone down full and clear on the dead man's fuee ; it was stony and ex- j pivssionloss, except for the vivid light in those j deep set eyes, which gazed into mine with that ; same terrible yearning of which I have spoken ! 'before, as though it had some dread secret | on its mind, and could obtain no rest till itlmd 1 revealed it to ino. 1 was still looking — breathless, spell-bound — and L seemed to have been looking lor minutes instead of seconds, when it slowly uplifted a lean lei-clinger, and beckoned mo to go to it. This was more than t could boar; 1 lainUd clear away on the plaliorm. When I c.inio to myself, the (rain j had been seal forward ia ehargu of another guard, and I was lying in one of tho waiting- rooms, where tho station-master and his daughter had been doing their best to bring mo round. Well, my nerves wero so upset thai it was almost a week before I was tit to go oa duly again. I bad plenty of time, while silting- ui home, lo turn tho whole a Hair over, and over again in my mind. 1 came to the conclusion that it was very likely I should sec ilr. Muxloe again — perhaps ul'tcu again. But, arguing from till I had heard and read about ghosts, tlicy had no power given them to harm one ; all that they could do was to appear unexpe. tedly at strange times and place;-', am! so make themselves as unpleasant as possible. The upshot of it was, thai having mado up my mind llia Ij ,shqu!d see Mr. Muxloe again, I tried so to ucrvc'inyscl f as lo bo able to look oa him without being overmuch afraid. Alter I got to work again, you may be sure that I looked carefully before starting on each journey to seo whether that confound ed 13 83 formed part of my train. I had got an idea that I should nover sou Mr. -Muxloe except in connection with that particular carriage, and, as ihe ovont proved, I was right. The first timo that I found 13 S3 mado up as part of my train was about tivo days alter iny recovery. There it was, one morn ing, when I went to duty, staring at me as brazen as you please. I scorned to pick it out instinctively from all the other carriages. I wont say that my heart didn't flutter a litllc ! when I first marked it. I kept my oyo on it, and was not a littlo pleased to seo a gentle man and his two sons got into it about two minutea before starting. A glanco at their tickets .showed mo that they had booked through to a point about fifty miles beyond where I gave up charge of tho train. Not being ablo to to huvo the carriages to himself, Mr. Muxloo did not, on that occasion, put in an appearance. Two days later, .13 83 was again included iu my train. This time, the middlo compartment remain unoccupied. From tho moment that fact was clear to mo, I 1 ol fc sure that I should seo Mr. Muxloo before the end of tny journey. Knowing this, you might, perhaps, ask mo what need there was for me to go near that particular carriage at all — or oven, if 1 hud to pass it, why I could not- keep my eyes turned another way. If such questions were put to mo, my only answer would ho, that I couldn't, for tho life of mo, keep away from tho carriage. A3 often as the train cnino to a stand, my feet seemed lo drag' 1110 past it against my will, and then my 031-8 would turn and look whether I wished them or not. W'oll, I did sco Mr. Muxloo several timer, beforo the end of that journey. Wo stopped at four .stations — tho train was an oxpioss one — and four separate times did I seo him. But if I had seen him a thousand times, 1 IB-It that I could never become familiar with him —nover regard him with anything bat a mixed feeling of tho dec-post awe and aversion — a iooling too intense for 1110 to describe to you in any words. Ho seemed to bo always 011 tlio look out for me, and for nobody else. The moment 1 came in siglit of him his terrible eyes would meet mine, and then my heart would shrink within mc, and every nerve iu my body would quiver with dread unspeakable. Alwavs. too. ho beckoned 1110 with his Pong lean forefinger — but I took good caro never to obey the summons. I don't want to trouble you with loo many details. It is enough to say that every timo I took out 13 SS as a part of my train, and ovory timo tho middlo compartment was unoccupied, so sure was I to seo the ghost of Mr. Muxloe. You seo, it was a thing I dared not talk about, for fear the company should say that u man who was in. the habit of seeing gliosis was not tit to bo guard of a train, and should send mo about my business in consequence. I did, howovcr, talk about the ghost 01100 or twieo lo my wifo, and got called a fool for my pains. But what else could a married man expect ? Wives, as a riilo, don't liko olhor people to call their hus bands fools, but thoy don't object to make use of that objeetionablo littlo word themselves. Well, sir, timo went 011, and my lifo almost beciuno a burdon to me. I was a haunted man, and I had no means of getting rid of my tormentor. I went off my feed. 1 no longer enjoyed my dinners as I had been used to. My evening pipe 110 longer soothed me. I began lo go moro into company, and to fre quent tho bar-parlour of an evening- oftoner than was gooil for mo. You see, I could not bear tho company of my own thoughts. I never liked to sit by myself after dark. Even my sleep was broken, and disturbed with dreams of that terrible ghost. It was soon after Mr. Muxloo first bogati to troublo mo in this way that I made up tny mind to ascer tain whether -ho could bo soon by 01130110 besides myself. Gno day, when he had tra velled with mo all tho way from Park End to tho end of my journey, and wo had drawn up for tho collection of tickots, says 1 to 0110 of the collectors, who had passed his compart ment as though it wore empty, and having my oyo 011 tho ghost all the time — says I : " Bill, you havo forgotten to collect tho old gent.'s ticket in the middlo eompiu'tmont of ,B 8S." "Havo I r says Bill, nnd with that ho goes back and opens tlio door of B SS. ' " Why, j'ou duller, tlio compartment's empty," says ho next moment, giving the door an extra bang. " Empty is it ? " says I, innocent-liko. " All ! now I recollect, the old gent got out at the last station." But tho dread that was upon 1110 deepened when I found that the apparition, could bo seen by no one butinysolf.- Four, or it may ho fivo, months had gone by from tlio (Into of Mr. Muxloo's death, when my health broke down — so much so, that I was ordered away for a month to my nativo air. Change of air and rest, tho doctor said, would probably make a inan'of me ngain. I had not given him the least bint ns to tho real causo of my illness : I was afraid I should oij — laughed at for my pains. Well, I wont! J1.®'- down north, nnd there I picked up are? ,5. and strength wonderfully. Mr. M. |jjj. troubled 1110 once ; indeod, I had not ox!foth that lie would do so, B 88 being far nwajhuch mo. .So it fell out tlmt by the end an out holiday I had grown' so strong and hea| 111' almost to ho ablo lo laugh at myself?" whimsical fool who had allowed mySelf T'.j frightened by a shadow. I fully inado i mind that rather than lot myself get intife'of' a low nervous way again, I would give v tho situation as guard, and set up in some that line of life! 80 tho end of my holiday q11"- and I started back home one cold frosty ''? noon in early springtime, looking forward',)., pleasure to seeing niv old woman and tho two lads again, and wondering how my mates at tho station hid been gutting on while I had been away. 1 1 was eight o'clock, and had long been dark, when f reached Oarnhopo Junction — that is, the junction with our own lino, a place eighty miles from Bark End. Tho guard who had charge of tho train from Oarnhopo was an old mate of initio. For tho first twenty miles 1 travelled with liiin in his break, and we had a smoke and a chat together. Then, feeling ' inclined lor a snooze, I left him and got into an empty second-class compartment. Here t wrapped myself well up, and was asleep iu three minutes. I must have slept for about an hour, when I awoke with a start, and could not make out a for minute or two where I was. I was still rubbing my eyes, and looking round with a gapo, when I saw something that brought ino to 1113' senses with a shock as if J! had been muldeuty thrust over head in ice- cold water — inside tho door of tlio carriage in which I was sittiug was marked tip tho fatal number B 88 ! All tho loolings aud fears which I had flattered myself had vanished for ever came hack iu a rush as I read over tho number to myself in a frightened . whisper. Tho thought that B 88 would form part of tlio train in which I should travel back homo after my lioli iayshad novor entered into ray calculations. I had novor thought to look into tho carriages boforo getting into tho train at. Oarnhapo Junction, and in consequonco of this neglect, a strange Into had lod mo into tho very place of all othors whoro I would least havo wished to bo. B SS was a compo site carriage — that -is to 5.13', tho middlo coin- parlinout was a first-class ono, whilo tho two end compartments wero second-class. It was in one of theso latter compartmonts that I was now sitting. Tho middle (irst-olass compart ment was tho 0110 haunted b3' the ghost of Mr. Muxloe. I hardly know how to describe to you tho feeling that now took possession of me. It wa3 neither moro nor less than an in tense longing to leavo tho compnrtmout iu whioh I was sittiug and make my way, by means of -tlio footboard outsido the carriage, as far as tho window of tho noxt compart ment, then peep in, and soo whether the ghost wero already there waiting for mo. I tried to light against this insnrio desire — I. did fight against it with all my strongth, but in vain. There was soino power within me that I found it impossible to resist. I was liko a man walking in his sloop, whose actions are bo3,nml his own control ; except that I know quite well what I was about, nnd in all respects but ono was us colieetod, and as much in my proper sonsoa, ns over I had beon in my lifo. I could not stop to arguo with mysolf ; I could not stop to reflect. Tho impulse that was upon 1110 grew stronger with ovory moment's dela3'. I had opened tho carriago-door and was out on the footboard, with tho cold night- air blowing keenly around me, almost boforo I know that I had stirred from my seat. Wo wero going along at a tid3' pace — about thirty miles an hour — but I had 110 fours as to my "safety — I had passed along tho footboards whon t:.o trains were at full speed too often for that. Very few slops brought ino closo to tho window of tlio middlo compartment. Tho window was open, and I could seo everything insido as plainly as I can now seo 3'ou who are sitting beside 1110. Thero was onl3 ono pas senger in the compartment — Mr. Muxloo. Yes; thero ho sat, wiLli his droadful oyos staring straight into mine — looking bluor, colder, moro ghostlike than over. Then his long lean 'forefinger was slowly raised, beckon- ing me to enter. All power of resistance knd been taken from mo. Slowly I opened tho door, and slowly I got insido — never taking my oyes off liiin for a moment — then I shut the door behind mo and sat down opposite to liitu. Tlio night was a cold one, but I was strong and lienrty, and had scarcely felt it; but the moment 1 sat down opposite tho ghost 1 boeatno conscious of acoldnoss far exceeding 11113' f ever experienced before. I became chilled to tlio very marrow. Tho air of the compartment seetned as though it had swept over a thousand icebergs. My hair seemed to lift, and 1113 whiskers to crisp and tangle with the intenso cold ; nnd I found afterwards that my watoli had stopped at the vory moment of iny entering tlio carriago. I sat down and waited for what might liappon next. Mycom- panion's hand had gouo down on to his kneo whon I oponed the carriage-door. Ho now sat opposite to mo, neither stirring nor speak ing, doing nothing, in fact, but gazo with mourufurintensity straight into my vory soul. Tho cold grow more extreme, if such a thing wero possible. A numbness that had begun with my feet waB now creeping slowly up my bod3' ; I could feel it creep and spread littlo by little, stealing gradually upward : to my heart, and slowly froezing tho lifo ort of mo. I had 110 power to movo a muscle; I sat liko a man turned to stoue. At longth tho cold touched my hoart, or seemed to do so. A deathlike faintness crept over me. Thelight in tho roof grew diinmor ; tho figure opposite 1110 lost its sharpness of outlino, becoming faded and indistinct. But through every thing I could feel those piorcing eyes/fixed itnmovabty 011 mino, till at longth lifo Mtsolf seomod to bo rubbed slowly and softly ou, and I knew nothing mbrefa==Jj£now — tlint is, till I enme to my senses m a droam, and, strange to 803% I know from the first moment that my droam was nothing moro than a droam. I found m3'solf in ail old- fashioned, oak-panellod room, whioh, years gono by, had ovidently boon a stato apartment in soma aristocratic mansion.- It was now, howovor, furnished in a square and ineagro rnannor with a fow articles of common-place furniture. In tho huge fireplaco, the sides of which wero inlaid with bluo and whito Dutch tiles, a few dying cinders had boon raked carefully together. It was night, for the wide window-place was curtained, and the large room was dimly lighted by a couple of candles, each of them hold by a griffin's claw in bronze, tlmt protruded from tho wall, ono on each side of tlio chiranoy-piooo. But all theso were details that I seemed to fool ratbor than to see. My attention was at onco concentrated » nvitimjjm X<, mzr . ..... - — — — T- - abor. 'r A' subscription list was then oponod, whon.aucj. undermentioned, sums w.ere subscribed j" and Mrs. Henry Brown (Bendinine) £10; - ' Hamilton Hume (Cooma),.£5 5s.; Mr. Tho?"' m L'nidlaw, £10 10s. ; Mr. G. C. Allium), ' £2 |"avo Mr. L. Yates, £1 Is. ; Mrs. Yntos, £1 Is. ; Mhev Tlios. Tnrnor, £1 la. ; Mr. mid Mrs. Poaringer £2 2s. ; Mr. J. G. L. "Williams, £2 2s.; Mn was F. Wilkinson, £2 2s; Dr. I. M. Blako, £1 ,„rMi Mr. It. 0. Mackintosh, £1 Is. ; Mr. J. J. Brc A £1 Is. ; Mr. Scurr, £1 ; Mr. M. Conlon, £l\, Mr. Boos Jonos, £1 Is. ; Mr. J. B. Motdrum0 .so Is. ; Mr. J. Armstrong, £2 2s. ; Dr. A. Campf'P- £5 5s. d one On tho motion of Mr. Mackintosh, socohdoi with Mr. Jouos, a voto of thanks was passed to piece Chairman, and tho mooting separated. jjaa i time sinco thorn A lr mncl— t Ik/ el nTy Trie 11 d I ever had," I hoard hiin mutter, " and yet I, of all men, must be his murderer ! " He pressed his hands to his eyes, nnd great sobs shook liiui lrom head to loot. Alter n time ho grow calmer, and tliou ho rose sadly to his foot. "There is no help for it," ho said ; "I cannot faco the world — I daro not risk tlio gallows." Ho wont out, but returned presently with a spade, a pickaxo, and ono or two other imple ments from tho garden. Thon ho turned back tho faded carpet, and proceeded with work manlike dexterity to take up a portion of tho oakon flooring. Iu tho ground thus exposed to view, ho dug a deep and narrow tronch, throwing up tho earth on to tho boards as ho did so. It was a work that took some tirao, nnd long boforo ho had dono it, groat beads of swont rolled down bis haggard face. But thoy foil unheoded, anil I10 nover ceased digging till tho hole was to his mind. Then ho got out of it, and rosted for a littlo while. But prcsontly ho was up and examining tho contents of a dusty old box that lay nogleoted in 0110 corner of tho room. From this box ho produced a shoot of parchment, and going to a tablo on whioh stood pen aud ink, ho pro- ccodod slowly, nnd with much deliberation, to write out a statement, which, having finished I10 signed nnd datod. Noxt, from a cupboard lie brought a small tin canister. As soon as tho writing was dry, ho folded tho parchmout, and shut it up in tho canister. Noxt, from tho satno cupboard bo brought a largo travolling-cloak, which lie proceeded tosproad out at tho bottom of tho trench. Thon, but not without sorao inward shrinking, as I could soo, ho went up to tho body and raised it in his arms ; but, boforo placing it in the holo he had dug, I10 kissed it tenderly on tho forohead twico. "0 Arthur! 0 my friend," ho mar- inurod, " if by tho sacrifice of my lifo I could bring back a smile to those white lips, I swear to liouvon that I would gladly dio this minuto. To think that I should inuko a murderer of mysolf for any woman's Bako — least of all, for hor ! " In throe minutes moro tho body was iu tho rude gravo that had boon dug to recoivo it, tho canister aud tho riding whip had boon laid beside it, sorao folds of the travelling-cloak had boon thrown over the whole, and Mr. Muxloo, spade in hand, was standing with anguished face, gazing his last on tho man whom his fierce passions had blotted so suddenly out of existence. I saw 110 moro. I think it must have been tho loud whistling of tho engine ns wo shot into Fell Sido tunnel that awoke mo so suddenly. Any how, at this point I did awake, and found my solf still sitting in the middlo compartment of B 88, but with no Mr. Muxloo opposite to mo — I was alone. My limbs wero so nutnbed and stiff with cold, that for a fow minutes I soomed to liavo no uso in thorn. Gradually some warmth crept back iuto my veins, and as soon as I felt my strongth and nerve wero equal to the task, I mado the best of ray way back to my own compartment. We wore but fivo miles from Park End by this time. A fow ininutos later I was on tlio platform with the old woman and tho youngsters, all shaking mo by the hand at onco. It is almost worth one's while to loavo homo for a time, just to seo how pleased tho missis and the bairns are to get ono back again. I said nothing to any body about what I had seen and gono through in B 88. I kopt it shut up closo in ray own mind, but I could not liolp thinking it all over at least twenty times a dn3. That soeno in tho oak-panelled room was so deeply impressed on my memory, that, after all those 3'oars, I can recall every feature of it as clearly as if it had happened but yesterday. Had it been a soeno in real lifo, I should doubtless have half forgotten it years ago ; but the surround ing circumstances were so strange, nnd out of tho common way, that, if I should live to bo a hundred, it would all bo as fresh in my memory ns it was tho morning after it happened. A woek came and wont ' without my sooing or hearing anything mora of Mr. Muxloo. One evening as I was going off duty I was met and stopped by a gentleman dressed all in blaok. " Can you tell mo," said ho, " whether your corapauy has a guard of the name of Proston in its employ ? " "My nnmo is John Preston, at your service, sir," answered I. "Thon you nro probably the man I want," said ho. " My name is Keppel, and 1' am a nephew of the Mr. Muxloo who was so un- fortunatol3' killed at this station about six months ago. I was out of England at the time, and was oLliged to depend on a brief newspaper report for the details of the occur rence. I am greatly desirous of having full particulars from some one who was on tho spot at the time. If you bo tho man I take you for, it was you who lifted up my undo from tho spot where ho foil, and it wasinyour arras that ho died." "I am tho man you moan, sir ; and to any information I can give you, you are quite welcome." " Then hero is my address ; and if you will come to my house for an hour this oveniug, you shall have no causo to rogret having obliged me." I pro mised to be at hi house by nine o'clock; and with that we parted. I was there to my time. The house was in the outskirts of the towD, and stood in its own grounds. It was too dark for me to see much of the outside, but the moment I got indoors, I saw that the wholo place was very old. I was admitted by a servant, who, after telling mo that Mr. Keppel would be down in two or threo minutes, threw open a side-door, and showed mo into a long, low, old fashioned room — into no other room, in fact, than the oak- panelled room of my dream !_ I knew it again in a moment, although it was now fur nished very differently, aud I sank into a chair all of a tremble. Yes, there was the "Hilsin oak-panelling, with its quaint, zigzag, en to ex pattern ; there tho wide old fireplace, i; Sydm .with blue and white Dutch tiles ; there Mr. 1 hugo window-placo, in whioh half-a-d dispo peoplo might have sat with comfort. ! WIt'1 cognised thorn all. I could not dcscrib j1.' you the cold, sickening feeling that crept js n„ me as I looked round. Had that gruo in a trugedy, as soon by me in my dream, ever moro really enacted in that room ? Did the niaod, satisfi dorod man's hones still lie uncoffined under tho boards of that old floor ? I shuddered liko a frightened child aB I put tlieso questions to mysolf. Fortunately, I had timo to pull myself togothor a bit before Mr. Keppel came iuto tho room. Ho was very kind and affable, and had tho decanters and a cold fowl brought out boforo ever lie asked me a question. Just thou I could not eat,- but a stiff tumbler of brandy and water holpod mc to get ray nerve back again. After that, Mr. Keppel began to qaoBtion mo, and I gave him a fall, true, and particular accouut of all tho circamstancos, so far as I know them, in connection with his uncle's doath. He was greatly interested. But when I had got through everything that ho wanted to know, and ho had nothing fnrthor to ask me, I plucked up hoart of grace aud determined to toll him how Mr. Muxloo had appeared to me several times sinco his dentil, and of my strange droam iu B 88. I never saw any ono more astonished than Mr. Koppol was by tlio timo I had finished my story. For a littl" whilo ho seomod almost too overcome to speak. At last he said : " If what 3'ou say bo true — and I have no reason to doubt your word — it apparently points to one of ihoso mysteries which soom purposely sent now and thon as if to baffle tho utmost exorcise of human reason. This house, which now belongs to me, was certainly my uncle's proporty for a groat number of years. Although he lived for the most part in London, he used to come down hero for ono or two days almost every month, ostensibly for the sake of the excellont fishing with which tho neighbourhood abounds. Ho would never lot tho house, although he might have had tenants b3' the score. One old woman liad tho sole charge of it when ho was away, aud waited upon' him when ho was hero. Thero is ono fact in connection with my uncle's residence hero which seems iu some measuro so bear out the most singular point of your narrative ; this vory room in which wo are sitting — in which, according to your account, a dreadful tragedy took plaoo many years ago — was never, so long as I can remember, made uso of by my undo. It was always kept locked and shut tered ; and often aB I was hero during my uncle's lifotirao, I never saw inside tho door of this room till after liis death. ..Enough, how ovor, for tho present. I must have timo to tliiuk this strange story of yours carefully over. Come and seo me at eight tlio evening after to-morrow, if you have no better engage ment." Punctual to tho time, I was thoro. I was shown into tho oak - pauollod room. There I found Mr. Koppel, two gentlemen, and Donald the gardonor. " I havo told theso two gentlomen, who are particular friouds of mine," said Mr. Keppel, " all that you told me the other evening. Wo havo consulted together, and have decided, not without hesit ation, to investigate tlio matter, so far as it- is in our power to do so after so great a lapse of time. As a matter of course, our first step is to ascorrain whether anyone has been buried in tho way described 1)3 yoti, under the flooring of this room. Donald here, who is discretion itself, will pi'oceed to make the necessary search. Be good enough to point out the exact spot, as neai'13' as 3011 can remember it, where you saw the body put away." 1 had 110 difficulty in doing this, overytliing was fixed too clearly in my memoiy for that. So Donald set to work under my directions, I took off mycoat, and gave him a helping hand, while tlio three gentlemen looked quietly on. I need not troublo you with details. It will bo suffi cient to say that before long wo camo upon a skeleton, intermixed with sonio fragments of clothing and some rusted jewellery. Near at hand were the romnins of what had at ono boon a riding- whip, loaded with lead, while no groat distance away was tho rusted tin canister which I felt certain from the first that wc should not fail to find. Mr. Keppel opened the canister, and drew from it a strip of parch ment. We all crowded round tho tablo. After glancing through tlio paper himself, lie proceeded to read aloud what was there written. This is what was written : Park End, November 9, 18 — ; 11 p.m. I, John Muxloo,- of the Inner Temple, barrister-at-law, having this night done a deed which, if made public, would in all probability bring me to the gallows, hereby solemnly depose to the truth of the undermentioned facts : — At nine o'clock this evening, being at that time busy over my law-books, I was disturbed by a knock at tho Iront-door. My Bervant having left me to attend the death-bed of her mother, I was constrained to open the door myself. Tho person who knocked was my friend, Arthur Cievedon, tho dearest friend 1 had on earth. He had his riding boots on and was splashed, with mud. Iu one hand he carried a 1 heavy whip. He walkod past me without a word of greeting into the oak- panelled room, I followed, wondering what could possibly be tho matter with him. His first words to me were : " John Muxloe, you are an infernal villain ! " I was thunderstruck. " Those are very hard words, Arthur," I said. " You must he either crazy or drunk." "Neither one nor tho other," he answered. " I repeat that you are an infernal villain, and I have come hero to horsewhip you." I laughed a little scornfully. " It is possible for two people to play at that game, amigo mio," I said. He was poising his riding-whip in his hand, and his eyes looked as if they would burn me through. "Arthur, my friend," I said, suddenly softoning, " what is it ? — what is the meauing of these hard words ? As true as there is a heaven above ns, I do not under stand you ! " " Liar and scoundrel, yon under stand me but toe well ! " he answered. Then he gave vent to a wild torrent of words, in which he accused me of having surreptitiously stolen away the affections of a certain lady, whose name need not- he' mentioned here, I being aware at the same time that her troth had already been plighted in sooret to him. Never was there a more unfounded accusation ! It is true that tho lady had promised to be come mine, but — and 1 swear it here most solemnly — I had not the remotest idea that Arthur Cievedon had ever been anything more to her than an ordinary friend. She ha I deceived him and hoodwinked mo, for what purpose was known to her own false heart alone. All this I tried to tell Arthur, but he would not hear me. Once again he called me a liar, and as he did so he lashed me across tho face with his whip. With a cry of rage, T - — -W«wit oss of tho post-otfico in this town, is likoly'i chnngo positions with a gontlomnn in tho; ay ollico about the boginning of noxt month. ira,nfif Qoold's uttontion, courtos3, and obliging had sition 1ms led to tho dosiro to prosont himfvhip. soino mark of tho approval of his towns-; ago, nnd of tho groat respect thoy ontortain fori Bn(j lorsonnll, and wo understand a movomonbf.ra jn w in progress to give ofl'ect to this feeling; , substantial rnannor. Wo know of nonep"7 , ' worthy of having his past sorvicos rocog-P' I0' 1 and shall bo glad to find that tho object isfaight nctorily achiovod, . I ! done. My story would nover be believed. They would say I had murdered him ; tbev would hang m'o ! No ; I must koep my owli counsel ; I must lock up tho secret for ever in my own breast. I have dug a holo nuder the flooring of this room in whioh to dispose of the body. By its sido I shall place this document, so that, in case this night's dnrk deed should over be brought to light in time to come, all dispute and inquiry may be obviated. Should it over be brought to light during my lifetime I shall have but one resource. I should kill myself. 0 Arthur ! dearest friend that ever man had, how I But I can write no moro for tears. My eyes are blinded, my heart weeps tears of blood. In that world beyond the grave where all that is dark hero is mado clearer than day, wo may perhaps meet again. Then will thy hand clasp mine in friendship as of old — only it will bo n friendship that will last for over. Then wilt thou know how innocent I was of wronging theo in thought, word, or deed. Till that time shall come — Farewell ! John Moxlor. The readiug of this strango document filled every one present with horror and surprise. It was of course considered a confirmation of tlio statement I had made to Mr. Keppol. Nothing more was done that night. Mr. Keppel said he must have time to consider what steps it would be most advisable to take under Buch peculiar circumstances. The rosult may be stated ia very few words. The bones were takon up, placed in a coffin, and interred with the customary solemnities in consecrated ground . The world was never told that it had beon discovered whose bones tliey wore, but I think it not unlikely that Mr. Koppel made some privato commnnication to the friends of Mr. Cievedon. But be that as it may, tho affair was quietly hashed up, and tho real facts of the case nover spread beyond a vory limited cirolo. I need scaroely add that Mr. Muxloe never troubled mo again ; but, on the othor hand, Mr. Keppel did not lose sight of me. He has been a good friond to me in twenty different ways between thon and now. And so ends this fall, true, aud particular account of the only ghost I ever saw, or wish to see, till tho timo comes wheu I shall bo a ghost myself. 