THE MYSTERY OF EDWIN DROOD. [BY CHARLES DICKENS.] But where was she to go? Anywhere beyond his reach, was no reply to the question. Somewhere must be thought of. She determined to go to her guardian, and to go immediately. The feeling she had imparted to Helena on the night of their first confidence was so strong upon her—the feeling of not being safe from him, and of the solid walls of the old convent being powerless to keep out his ghostly following of her— that no reasoning of her own could calm her terrors. The fascination of repulsion had been upon her so long, and now culminated so darkly, that she felt as if he had power to bind her by a spelL Glancing out at window, even now, as she rose to dress, the sight of sun-dial on which he had leaned when he declared himself, turned her cold, and made her shrink from it, as though he had invested it with some awful quality from his own nature. She wrote a hurried note to Miss Twinkleton, saying that she had sudden reason for wishing to see her guar- dion promptly, and had gone to him; also, entreating the good lady not to be uneasy, for all was well with her. She hurried a few quite useless articles into a very little bag, left the note in a conspicuous place, and went out, softly closing the gate after her. It was the first time she had ever been even in Clois- terham High-street, alone. But knowing all its ways and windings wery well, she hurried straight to the corner from which the omnibus departed. It was, at that very moment, going off. "Stop and take me, if you please, Joe. I am obliged to go to London." In less than another minute she was on her road to the railway, under Joe's protection. Joe waited on her when she got there, put her safely into the railway carriage, and handed in the very little bag after her, as though it were some enormous trunk, hundredweights heavy, which she must on no account endeavour to lift. "Can you go round when you get back, and tell Miss Twinkleton that you saw me safely off, Joe?" "It shall be done, Miss." "With my love, please, Joe." "Yes, Miss—and I wouldn't mind having it myself!" But Joe did not articulate the last clause; only thought it. New that she was whirling away for London in real earnest, Rosa was at leisure to resume the thoughts which her personal hurry had checked. The indig- nant thought that his declaration of love soiled her; that she could only be cleansed from the stain of its impurity by appealing to the honest and true; supported her for a time against her fears, and confirmed her in her hasty resolution. But as the evening grew darker and darker, and the great city impended nearer and nearer, the doubts usual in such cases began to arise. Whether this was not a wild proceeding alter all; how Mr, Grewgions might reward it; whether she should find him at the journeys end; how she would act if he were absent; what might become of her, alone, in a place so strange and crowded; how if she had but waited and taken counsel first; whether, if she could new go back, she would not do it thankfully: a multi- tude of such uneasy speculations disturbed her, more and more as they accumulated. At length the train came into London over the housetops; and down below lay the gritty streets with their yet un-needed lamps aglow, on a hot light summer night. "Hiram Grewgious, Esquire, Staple Inn, London." This was all Rosa knew of her destination, but it was enough to send her rattling away again in a cab, through deserts of gritty streets, where many people crowded at the corners of courts and byways to get some air, and where many other people walked with a miserably monotonous noice of shuffling feet on hot paving stones, and where all the people and all their surroundings were so gritty and so shabby. There was music playing here and there, but it did not enliven the case. No barrel-organ mended the matter and no big drum beat dull care away. Like the chapel bells that were also going here and there, they only seemed to evoke echoes from brick surfaces, and dust from everything. As to the flat wind instruments, they seemed to have cracked their hearts and souls in pining for the country. Her jingling conveyance stopped at last at a fast-closed gateway which appeared to belong to some- body who had gone to bed very early, and was much afraid of housebreakers; Rosa, discharging her con- veyance, timidly knocked at this gateway, and was let in, very little bag and all, by a watchman. "Does Mr. Grewgions live here?" "Mr. Grewgious lives there, Miss," said the watch- man, pointing further in. So Rosa went further in, and, when the clocks were striking ten, stood on P. J. T.'s doorsteps, wondering what P. J. T. had done with his street door. Guided by the painted name of Mr. Grewgious, she went up stairs and softly tapped and tapped several times. But no one answering, and Mr. Grewgious's door-handle yielding to her touch. she went in, and saw her guardian sitting on a window-seat at an open window, with a shaded lamp placed far from him on a table in a corner. Rosa drew nearer to him in the twilight of the room. He saw her, and he said in an undertone: "Good Heaven!" Rosa fell upon his neck, with tears, and said, return- ing her embrace: "My child, my child! I thought you were your mother!" "But what, what, what," he addedt soothingly, "has happened? My dear, what has brought you here? Who has brought you here?" "No one. I came alone." "Lord bless me!" ejaculated Mr. Grewgious. "Came alone! Why didn't you write to me to come and fetch you?" "I had no time. I took a sudden resolution. Poor, poor Eddy!" "Ah, poor fellow, poor fellow!" "His uncle has made love to me. I cannot bear it," said Rosa, at once with a burst of tears, and a stamp of her little foot; I shudder with horror of him, and I have come to you to protect me and all of us from him, if you will?" "I will!" cried Mr Grewgious, with a sudden rush of amazing energy. "Damn him! "Confound his politics, Frustrate his knavish tricks! On Thee his hopes to fix? Damn him again!" After this most extraordinary outburst, Mr Grew- gious, quite beside himself, plunged about the room, to all appearance undecided whether he was in a fit of loyal enthusiasm, or combative denunciation. He stopped and said, wiping his face: "I beg your pardon, my dear, but you will be glad to know I feel better. Tell me no more just now, or I might do it again. You must be refreshed and cheered. What did you take last? Was it breakfast, lunch, dinner, tea, or supper?" The respectful tenderness with which, on one knee before her, he helped her to remove her hat, and dis- entangle her pretty hair from it, was quite a chivalrous sight. Yet who, knowing him only on the surface, would have expected chivalry—and of the true sort, too: not the spurious—from Mr. Grewgious? "Your rest too must be provided for," he went on; "and you shall have the prettiest chamber in Furni- val's. Your toilet must be provided for, and you shall have everything that an unlimited head chambermaid —by which expression I mean a head chambermaid not limited as to outlay—can procure. Is that a bag?" he looked hard at it; sooth to say, it required hard look- ing at to be seen at all in a dimly-lighted room: "and is it your property, my dear?" "Yes, sir. I brought it with me." "It is not an entensive bag," said Mr. Grewgious, candidly, "though admirably calculated to contain a day's provision for a canary bird. Perhaps you have brought a canary bird?" Rosa smiled, and shook her head. "If you had he should have been made welcome," said Mr. Grewgious, "and I think he would have been pleased to be hung upon a nail outside and pit himself against our Staple sparrows; whose execution must be admitted to be not quite equal to their intention. Which is the case with so many of us! You didn't say what meal, my dear. Have a nice jumble of all meals." Rosa thanked him, but said she could only take a cup of tea. Mr. Grewgious, after several times running out, and in again, to mention such supplementary items as marmalade, eggs, water-cresses, salted fish, and frizzled ham, ran across to Furnival's without his hat, to give his various directions. And soon afterwards they were realized in practice, and the board was spread. "Lord bless my soul!" cried Mr. Grewgious, putting the lamp upon it, and taking his seat opposite Rosa; what a new sensation for a poor old Angular bachelor, to be sure!" Rosa's expressive little eyebrows asked him what he meant? "The sensation of having a sweet young presence in the place that whitewashes it, papers it, decorates it with gilding, and makes it glorious!" said Mr. Grew- gious. "Ah me! Ah me!" As there was something mournful in his sigh, Rosa, in touching him with his tea- cup, ventured to touch him with her small hand too. "Thank you, my dear," said Mr. Grewgious. "Ahem! Let's talk." "Do you always live here, sir," asked Rosa. "Yes, my dear." "And always alone?" "Always alone; except that I have daily company in a gentleman by the name of Bazzard; my clerk." "He doesn't live here?" "No, he goes his ways after office hours. In fact, he is off duty here, altogether, just at present; and a Firm down stairs with which I have business relations, lend me a substitute. But it would be extremely dif- ficult to replace Mr. Bazzard." "He must be very fond of you," said Rosa. "He bears up against it with commendable fortitude if he is," returned Mr. Grewgious, after considering the matter. "But I doubt if he is. Not particularly so. You see, he is discontented, poor fellow." "Why isn't he contented?" was the natural inquiry. "Misplaced," said Mr. Grewgious, with great mystery. Rosa's eyebrows resume their inquisitive and per- plexed expression, "So misplaced," Mr. Grewgious went on, "that I feel constantly apologetic towards him. And he feels (though he doesn't mention it) that I have reason to be." Mr. Grewgious had by this time grown so very mysterious, that Rosa did not know how to go on. While she was thinking about it Mr. Grewgious sud- denly jerked out of himself for the second time: "Let's talk. We were speaking of Mr. Bazzard. It's a secret, and moreover it is Mr. Bazzard's secret; but the sweet presence at my table makes me so unusually expansive, that I feel I must impart it in inviolable confidence. What do you think Mr. Bazzard has done?" "Oh dear!" cried Rosa, drawing her chair a little nearer, and her mind reverting to Jasper, "nothing mournful, I hope?" "He has written a play," said Mr. Grewgious, in a solemn whisper. "A tragedy." Rosa seemed much relieved. "And nobody," pursued Mr. Grewgious in the same tone, "will hear on any account whatever, of bringing it out." Rosa looked reflective, and nodded her head slowly; as who should say: "Such things are, and why are they!" "Now, you know," said Mr. Gregious, "I couldn't write a play." "Not a bad one, sir?" asked Rosa, innocently, with her eyebrows again in action. "No, if I was under sentence of decapitation, and was about to be instantly decapitated, and an express arrived with a pardon for the condemned convict Grew- gious if he wrote a play, I should be under the neces- sity of resuming the block and begging the executors to proceed to extremities,—meaning," said Mr. Grew- gious, passing his hand under his chin, "the singular number, and this extremity." Rosa appeared to consider what she would do if the awkward supposititious case was hers. "Consequently," said Mr. Grewgious, "Mr. Bazzard would have a sense of my inferiority to himself under any circumstances; but when I am his master, you know, the case is greatly aggravated." Mr. Grewgious shook his head seriously, as if he felt the offence to be a little too much, though of his own committing. "How came you to be his master sir?" asked Rosa. "A question that naturally follows," said Mr. Grew- gious. "Let's talk. Mr. Bazzard's father, being a Norfolk farmer, would have furiously laid about him with a flail, a pitchfork, and every agricultural imple- ment available for assaulting purposes, on the slightest hint of his son's having written a play. So the son, bringing to me the father's rent (which I receive), imparted his secret, and pointed out that he was determined to pursue his genius, and that it would put him in peril of starvation, and that he was not formed for it." "For pursuing his genius, sir?" "No, my dear," said Mr. Grewgious, "for starva- tion. It was impossible to deny the position that Mr. Bazzard was not formed to be starved, and Mr. Baz- zavd then pointed out that it was desirable that I should stand between him and a fate so perfectly unsuited to his formation. Iu that way Mr. Bazzard became my clerk, and he feels it very much." "I am glad he is grateful," said Rosa. "I didn't quito mean that, my dear. I mean that he feels the degradation. There are some other geniuses that Mr. Bazzard has become acquainted with, who have also written tragedies, which likewise nobody will on any account whatever hear of bringing out, and these choice spirits dedicate their plays to one another in a highly panegyrical manner. Mr. Bazzard has been the subject of one of these dedications. Now, you know, I never had a play dedicated to me." Rosa looked at him as if she would have liked him to be the recipient of a thousand dedications. "Which again, naturally, rubs against the grain of Mr. Bazzard," said Mr. Grewgious. "He is very short with me sometimes, and then I feel that he is medi- tating. 'This blockhead is my master! A fellow who couldn't write a tragedy on pain of death, and who will never have one dedicated to him with the most com- plimentary congratulations on the high position he has taken in the eyes of posterity!' Very trying, very tryiug. However, in giving him directions, I reflect beforehand: 'Perhaps he may not like this,' or 'He might take it ill if I asked that,' and so we get on very well. Indeed, better than I could have expected." "Is the tragedy named, sir ?" asked Rosa. "Strictly between ourselves," answered Mr. Grew- gious, "it has a dreadfully appropriate name. It is called The Thorn of Anxiety. But Mr. Bazzard hopes —and I hope— that it will come out at last." It was not hard to divine that Mr. Grewgious had related the Bazzard history thus fully, at least quite as much for the recreation of his ward's mind from the subject that had driven hor there, as for the gratifica- tion of his own tendency to be social and communica- tive. "And now, my dear," he said at this point, "if you are not too tired to tell me more of what has passed to day—but only if you feel quite able—I should be glad to hear it. I may digest it the better, if I sleep on it to-night." Rosa, composed now, gave him a faithful account of the interview. Mr. Grewgious often smoothed his head while it was in progress, and begged to be told a second time those parts which bore on Helena and Neville. When Rosa had finished, he sat, grave, silent, and meditative, for a while. "Clearly narrated," was his only remark at last, "and I hope clearly put away here," smoothing his head again; "See, my dear," taking her to the open window, "where they live! The dark windows over yonder." "I may go to Helena to- morrow?" asked Rosa. "I should like to sleep on that question to night," he answered, doubtfully. "But let me take you to your own rest, for you must need it." With that, Mr. Grewgious helped her to get her hat on again, and hung upon his arm the very little bag that was of no earthly use, and led her by the hand (with a certain stately awkwardness, as if he were going to walk a minuet) across Holborn, and into Fur- nival's Inn. At the hotel door, he confided her to the Unlimited head chambermaid, and said that while she went up to see her room, he would remain below, in case she should wish it exchanged for another, or should find that there was anything she wanted. Rosa's room was airy, clean, comfortable, almost gay. The Unlimited had laid in everything omitted from the very little bag (that is to say, everything she could possibly need), and Rosa tripped down the great many stairs again, to thank her guardian for his thoughtful and affectionate care of her. "Not at all, my dear," said Mr. Grewgious, infinitely gratified; "it is I who thank you for your charming confidence and for your charming company. Your breakfast will be provided for you in a neat, compact, and graceful little sitting-room (appropriate to your figure), and I will come to you at 10 o'clock in the morning. I hope you don't feel very strange indeed, in this strange place." "Oh no, I feel so safe!" "Yes, you may be sure the stairs are fire-proof," said Mr. Grewgious, "and that any outbreak of the devouring clement would be perceived and surpressed by the watchman. "I did not mean that," Rosa replied. "I mean, I feel so safe from him." "There is a stout gate of iron bars to keep him out," said Mr. Grewgious, smiling, "and Furnival's is fire-proof and specially watched and lighted, and I live over the way!" In the stoutness of his knight errantry, he seemed to think the last-named protection all sufficient. In the same spirit, he said to the gate porter as he went out, "If some one staying in tbe hotel should wish to send across the road to me in the night, a crown will be ready for the messenger." In the same spirit, he walked up and down outside the iron gate for the best part of an hour, with some soli- citude: occasionally looking in between the bars, as if he had laid a dove in a high roost in a cage of lions, and had it on his mind that she might tumble out. Chapter XXL —A RECOGNITION. Nothing occurred in the night to flutter the tired dove, and the dove was refreshed. With Mr. Grew- gious when the dock struck ten in the morning, came Mr. Crisparkle, who had come at one plunge out of the river at Cloisterham. "Miss Twinkleton was so uneasy, Miss Rosa," he explained to her, "and came round to Ma and me with your note, in such a state of wonder, that, to quiet her, I volunteered on this service by the very first train to be caught in the morning I wished at the time that you had come to me: but now, I think it best that you did as you did, and came to your guardian." "I did think of you," Rosa told him; "but Minor Canon Corner was so near him—" "I understand. It was quite natural." "I have told Mr. Crisparkle," said Mr. Grewgious, "all that you told me last night, my dear. Of course I should have written it to him immediately; but his coming was most opportune. And it was particularly kind of him to come, for he had but just gone." "Have you settled?" asked Rosa, appealing to them both. "What is to be done for Helena and her brother?" "Why really," said Mr. Crisparkle, "I am in great perplexity. If even Mr. Grewgious, whose head is much longer than mine, and who is a whole night's cogitation in advance of me. is undecided, what must I be?" The Unlimited here put her head in at the door— after having rapped, and been authorized to present herself—announcing that a gentleman wished for a word with another gentleman named Crisparkle, if any such gentleman were there. If no such gentleman were there, be begged pardon for being mistaken. "Such a gentleman is here," said Mr. Crisparkle, "but is engaged just now." "Is it a dark gentleman?" interposed Rosa, retreat- ing on her guardian. "No, Miss, mere of a brown gentleman." "You are sure not with black hair?" asked Rosa, taking courage, "Quite sure of that, Miss. Brown hair and blue eyes." "Perhaps," hinted Mr. Grewgious, with habitual caution, "it might be well to see him, reverend sir, if you don't object. When one is in a difficulty, or at a loss, one never knows in what direction a way out may chance to open. It is a business principle of mine, in such a case, not to close up any direction, but to keep an eye on every direction that may present itself. I could relate an anecdote in point, but that it would be premature." "If Miss Rosa will allow me then? Let the gentle- man come in," said Mr. Crisparkle. The gentleman came in; apologised with a frank but modest grace, for not finding Sir. Crisparkle alone; turned to Mr. Crisparkle, and smilingly asked the unexpected question: "Who am I?" "You are the gentleman I saw smoking under the trees in Staple Inn a few minutes ago." "True. There I saw you. Who else am I?" Mr. Crisparkle concentrated his attention on a hand- some face, much sunburnt; and the ghost of some departed boy seemed to rise, gradually and simply in the room. The gentleman saw a struggling recollection lighten up the Minor Canon's features, and smiling again, said" "What will you have for breakfast this morning? You are out of jam." "Wait a moment;" cried Mr. Crisparkle, raising his right hand. "Give me another instant! Tartar!" They shook hands with the greatiest heartiness and then went the wonderful length—for Englishmen— of laying their hands each upon the other's shoulders, and looking joyful each into the other's face. "My old fag!" said Mr. Crisparkle. "My old master!" said Mr. Tartar. "You saved me from drowning!" said Mr. Cris- parkle. "After which you took to swimming, you know!" said Mr. Tartar. "God bless my soul!" said Mr. Crisparkle. "Amen!" said Mr. Tartar. And then they fell to shaking hands most heartily again. "Imagine," exclaimed Mr. Crisparkle, with glisten- ing eyes: "Miss Rosa Bud and Mr. Grewgious, imagine Mr. Tartar, when he was the smallest of juniors, diving for me, catching me, a big heavy senior, by the hair of the head, and striking out for the shore with me like a water giant!" "Imagine my not letting him sink, as I was his fag!" said Mr. Tartar. "But the truth being that he was my best protector and friend, and did me more good than all the masters put together, an irrational impulse seized me to pick him up, or go down with him." "Hem! Permit me, sir, to have the honour," said Mr. Grewgious, advancing with extended hand, "for an honour I truly esteem it. I am proud to make your acquaintance. I hope you didn't take cold. I hope you were not inconvenienced by swallowing too much water. How have you been since?" (TO BE CONTINUED.) 