MARK TWAIN ON ART-ENTHUSIASM. Here, in Milan, in an ancient tumble-down ruin of a . church, is tbe mournful wreck of the most celebrated paint ing in the world— 'The LaBt Supper,' by Leonardo da Vinci. We are not infallible judges of pictures, but of course we went there to see this wonderful painting, once so beautiful, always so worshipped by masters in art, and for ever to be famous in song and story. And the first thing that occurred w«s the infliction on us of a placard fairly reeking with wretched English. Take a morsel of it — ' Bartholomew (that is the first figure on the left hand side at the spectator) uncertain and doubtful about what he thinks to have heard, and upon which he wants to be assured by himself at Christ and by no others.' Good, isn't it P And then Peter is described as' argu menting in a threatening and angrily condition at Judas Iscariot.' This paragraph recalls the picture. ' The Last Supper' is painted on the dilapidated wall of what was a little chapel attached to the main church in ancient times, I suppose. It is battered and scarred in every direction, and stained and discoloured by time, and Napoleon's horses kicked the legs off most of the disciples when they (the horses, not the disciples), were stabled there more than half a century ago. I recognised the old picture in a moment— the Saviour with bowed head seated at the centre of a long rough table with scattering fruits and diehes upon it, and six dis ciples on either side in their long robes, talking tD each other — the picture from which all engravings and all copies have been made for three centuries. Perhap3 no living man has ever known an attempt to paint the Lord's Supper differently. The world seems to have become settled in the belief, long ago, that it is not possible for human genius to outdo this creation of Da Vinci's. I suppose painters will go on copying it as long as any of the original is left visible to the eye. There were a dozen easels in the room, and as many artists transferring the great picture to their canvases. Fifty proofs of steel engravings and lithographs were scattered around, too. And, as usual, I could' not help noticing how superior the copies were to the original, that is, to my inexperienced eye. Wherever you find a Raphael, a Rubens, a Michael Angelo, a Caracci, or a Da Vinci (and we see them every day), you find artists copying them, and the copies are always the handsomest May be tbe originals were handsome when they were new, but they are not now. This picture is about thirty feet long-, and ten or twelve high, I should think, and the figures are at least life size. It is one of the largest paintings in Europe. The colours are dimmed with age ; the countenances are scaled and marred, and nearly all expression ia gone from them ; the hair is a dead blur upon the ?wall, and there is no lif e in the eyes. Only the attitudes are certain. People conie here from all parts of the world, and glorify this masterpiece. They stand entranced before it with bated breath and parted lips, and when they speak it is only in the catchy ejaculations of rapture— ' O, wonderful ! ' ' Such expression ! ' ' Snch prace of attitude ! ' ' Such dignity !' ' Such faultless drawing ! ' ' Such matchless colouring ! ' ' Such feeling !' ' What delicacy of touch ! ' ' What sublimity of conception ! '' ' A vision ! a vision ! ' I only envy these people ; I envy them their honest ad miration, if it be honest— their delight, if they feel delight. I harbour no animosity towards any of them. But at the same time the thought will intrude itself upon me, How can they see what is not visible ? What would you think of a man who looked at some decayed, blind, toothless, pock-marked Cleopatra, and said: 'What matchless beauty! What soul! What expression?' What would you think of a man who gazed upon a dingy, foggy sunset and said, ' What sublimity! what feeling! -what richness of colouring! ' What would you think of a man who stared in ecstasy upon a desert of stumps, and said ' Oh my soul, my beating heart, what a noble forest is here ! ' ' You would think that those men had an astonishin° talent for seeing things that had already passed away It was what I thought when I stood before the Last Supper and heard men apostrophiEing wondere, and beauties, and perfections which had faded out of the picture and gone a hundred years before they were born. We can imagine the beauty that was once in an aged face; we can imagine the forest if we see the stumps ; but we cannot absolutely sec these things when they are not there. I am willing to believe that the eye of the practised artist can rest upon tin Last Supper and renew a lustre where only a hint of it is left, supply a tint that has faded away, restore an expres sion that has gone ; patch, and colour, and add to the dull canvas until at last ite figures shall stand before him aglow with the life, the feeling, the freshness, yea, with all the noble beauty that was theirs when first they came from the hand of the master. But I cannot work this miracle. Can those other uninspired visitors doit, or do they only happily imagine they do ? After reading so much about it, I am satisfied that the last Supper was a very miracle of art once. But it was three hundred years ago. It vexes me to hear people talk so glibly of 'feeling,' ' expression,' tone,' and those other easily acquired and inexpensive technicalities of art that make such a fine £how in conversations concerning pictures. There is not one man in seventy-five hundred that can tell what a pictured face is intended to express. There is not one man in five hundred that can go into a court-room and be sure that he will not mistake some harmless innocent of a jury man for the black-hearted assassin on trial. Yet such people talk of 'character' and presume to interpret ' ex pression ' in pictures. There is an old story that Mathews, the actor, was once laudins: the ability of the human face to express the passions and emotions hidden in the breast. He said the countenance could disclose what was passing in the heart plainer than the tongue could. 'Now,' he said, 'observe my face— what does it express ? ' 'Despair!' ' Bah, it expresses peaceful resignation ! What does this express?' 'Rage!' ' Stuff ! it means terror! This ? ' 'Imbecility!' ' Fool ! It is smothered ferocity ! Now this / ' ' Joy ! ' ' Oh, perdition ! Any ass can see it means insanity ! ' Expression! People coolly pretend to read it who would! ' think themselves presumptuous if they pretended to inter pret the hieroglyphics on the obelisks of Luxor — yet they are fully as competent to do the one thing as the other. 1 have heard two very intelligent critics speak of Murillo's ?? Immaculate Conception (now in the musuem at Seville);, within the past few days. One said — ' Oh, the Virgin's face is fuU of the ecstasy of a joy that is complete— that leaves nothing more to be desired on earth? ' The other said— ' Ah, that wonderful face is so humble, so pleading— it pays as plainly as words could say it : ' I fear ; I tremble ; I am unworthy. But Thy will be done ; sustain Thou Thy servant ! '' The reader can see the picture in any drawing-room ; it can be easily recognised : the Virgin (the only young and really beautiful Virgin that was ever painted by one of the old masters, some of us think) stands in the crescent of the new moon, with a multitude of cherubs hovering about her, and more coming ; her hands are crossed upon her breast, and upon her uplifted countenance falls a glory out of the heavens. The reader may amuse himself, if he chooses, in trying to determine which of these gentlemen read the Virgin's 'expression' aright, or if either of them did it. Any one who is acquainted with the old masters will comprehend how much the Last Supper is damaged when I say that the spectator cannot really tell, now, whether the diEciples are Hebrews or Italians. These ancient painters never succeeded in denationalizing themselves. The Italian artists painted Italian Virgins, the Dutch painted Dutch Virgins, the Virgins of the French painters were French women— none of them ever put into the face of the Madonna that indescribable something which proclaims the Jewess, whether you find her in New York, in Constanti nople, in Paris, Jerusalem, or in the Empire of Morocco. I saw in the Sandwich Islands, once, a picture, copied by a talented German artist from an engraving in one of the American illustrated papers. It was an allegory, repre senting Mr. Davis in the act of signing a secession Act or some such document. Over him hovered the ghost of Washington in warning attitude, and in the background a troop of shadowy soldiers in continental uniform were limp ing with shoeles's, bandaged feet through a driving snow storm. Valley Forge was suggested, of course. The copy seemed accurate, and yet there was a discrepancy some where. After a long examination I discovered what it was ^the shadowy soldiers were aH Germans ! Jeff. Davis was a German ! even the hovering ghost was a German ghost ! The artist had unconsciously worked his nationality into the picture. To tell the truth, I am getting a little per plexed about John the Baptist and his portraits. In France I finally grew reconciled to him as a Frenchman ; here he is unquestionably an Italian. What next ? Can it be ? possible that the painters made John the Baptist a Spaniard i in Madrid, and an Irishman in Dublin P 