THE EMERALD NECKLACE. OHAPTE R III. (oo0TIN?un) TLe prejudice was mutual. Mr Julien IPerev had not expecteu to find a man so much heor in appearance, and in every way superior to himself, so perfectly at home in the !house of his cousin. Pennon did not go out to tea, swhrlh gave the visitors opportu nity to asI- lir stions about him. i am surprised that you should have al lowed yourself to be taken in by a mere Etrolling adve'turer, uncle, remarked Julien, with a slight sneer, when he had elicited the information ho desired These travelling artists have not all of them the best of characters. nMr Pennon is not a travelling artist; and if he were, it would be nothing to his dist credit. Besides, he has told us all about his family, and his residence, and his pursuits, spoke Clematis, with a little betrayal of excitement. Then all that remains for your prudence to discover, is whether his stories are true or not, replied her cousin, coolly, We do not doubt him. His face speaks his truth. A red spot glowed on 'lematis' cheek. Tier cousin saw it and laughed. Hie has a very handsome face, and such usually sp.-ak to young ladies eloquent enough, whether they speak truth or -ot, he said. You could not have had afair opportunity of judging, replied she, and laughed at him so brightly, that he was sorely vexed at her remark. Don't let us quarrel, said he, especially a:out m beauty, and he ran a hand, slender aui ;;hite enough for a woman's almost, thror,'h his straight black hair. I detest quarrelling, so I will agree to the proposition, answered Clematis; and having finished their tea they returned to the parlor together, looking so well pleased with each ?ther that a pan shot through the heart of the lame man-who was obliged to remain upon the sofa and witness the numberless atrtmpts of the new comer to flatter and please. That very pang annoyed Pennon' Can it hbe, he asked himself, that I am growing envious ? Is there ever an occasisn upon which a woman can be so brilliant, so unconscious of her brillhncy, and so bewildering charming without meaning to be, as when she has two admirers in her presence at once, each treat,. ing the other with marked but freezing civility, and hoth doing their best to please her. We are obliged to confess it, even of the most artless and truthful; and so it is not to be wondered at that Clemnatis was very head,iful and very bewitching that evening; nor that her cousin lay awake some time that night dreaming waking dreams of the fine old homestead, the five thousand dollars in bank, and the beautiful creature his fature wife- nor that the pain in Pennon's ankle kept him tossing until early morning The next day Pennon had a lonely time. Clematis was busy every moment. She had resolved to be polite to her cousin, and have some company for him, The gentle old horse was put in the chaise, and she drove around to the few families in the neighbor hood and invited the young people over for that evening. When she returned she had the rooms to arrange and some of the re freshaments to prepare W?hat; are you going to do with me, Miss Percy, in the midst of your happy guests? I think you had better send me off to bed at nightfall No, indeed! I am going to have an easy chliair and footstool in the nicest corner of the room for you. Perhaps I shall crown you with flowers and place you upon a sort of throne for all my friends to do honor to you. Why, I dependrl upon you as one of the attractions of my company Mr Julien, I suppose, being the first Of course, she replied,not the least discon· certed; I make the party for him. But you need not want folr any attention when I am occupied with him, I have told a black eyed friend of mine, Kitty Parker, that she must do her prettiest to entertain you Ido not like black eyes as well as I do soft gray ones J h.? oft gr.y of the brooling dave, Fu1 of the gweot and t nder ray Of holy love.' They are more amiable Has all your previous experience given you no more tact than that in paying com-" pliments? I could manage one more deli. cately myself, and I am but 'A youthful girl, in runt a _uise.' She turned the full splendor of her eyes upon him as she spoke, she was not going to be abashed by flatteries Ishall not beg pour pardon, said Pennon, looking into them steadily, and strangely thrilled by their beautiful, mystic fire, for I spoke only the truth. I have always fancied : certain kind of gray eyes, and yours have more than comfirmed the liking. I should like to look into thus for ever Now, indeed, the eye' wavered and sank, nd a sweet blush kindled in her cheek, for something was in her voice besides mere compliment Until supper time, perhaps, was her reply with an attempt at gayety, and she went on in silence completing her arrangement of the parlour Every thing that her fairy hands touched took from them a peculiar grace, She did n:~t lift a book, or place a vase, or make a new fold in the drapery ofa window, but the thing seemed infinitely improved. It was a calm happiness to a world weary man like Pennon to recline at his ease upon that old sofa and watch the young girl fit about the quaint room It is sweeter than anyromance, he mused. ilow lightly and deftly she performs her t:sks. She is a good housewife as well as a creature of poetry; and I am sure she I would look well anywhere-for instnace, m:king butter. And those are kinds.of things that are not to be laughedat. All i men are not enormously rich, and she will I not be likely to have a very wealthy has band, here in this retired spot. A husband ? I I wonder if ever she thinks of it-she had not ought to There is no man fit for so pore. aensitive, and lovely a being as she. Jut, sue has so much faith and generosity, I warrant she would be easily deceived in character. That cousin of hers, for instance -does she like him ? I You are very fond of flowers? he asked aloud Clematis laugnt~ in her soft, ringing way Perhaps'there are too many to be in good raste. But this is the season of flowers, and Jhould enjoy them. Tney are better than iew furniture and fashionable elegancies don't you think so ? There!' do you think these roses and myrtles look well to loop back this lace curtain with I think they.are exquisite Thank you. Now I am going to dress. I Pxpect that you will smile at my attire, for I have not had a dress made for six months, ind of course I shall be antediluvian to a dweller in the city. As for the rest of the people, they. will be as old fashioned as.. I, and I do not care for them She came down dressed when tie tea bell rang, for it was sunset then, and she expec ted her guests early. She' brought in Pen noa's tea to the parlor herself, and her heart beat with pleasure as she noted his admiring gaze. She had just left the mirror, and knew that she was looking well; if she had not been very modest she would have known that she was radiantly lovely. Her cheeks were like the velvet inne leaf of a rose in their soft bloom. Her arms and throat were bare; the half high corsage of her dress giving just room to display the emerald necklace for she had elapsed that about her throat. She :milcd when Pennon's eye fell upon it I am not at all superstitious, she said, and 1 am going to wear it; I suppose I am rather youthful to be donning jewels, but I have taken such a fancy to this Why, cousin, thats a splendid necklace you have. said Mr Julien, strolling into the room at the moment. What did it cost ? If all legends, presentiments, prophecies, and fears are true, it will cost me very dear, was the unsatisfactory answer, as she hurried away to her tea CHAPTER IV. THE WORKING OF THE CGARM. 'Ti the middle of nipht bythe caetle clock And tho owls have awakened the crowing cock. To whi ! tu wioo ! With new surprise. SWhat ails them my bMloved child ?" The baron said-his daunher wild. Make answer, *' All will yet be well !" I wx-n, she had now por e" to tell Aught else, so mighty was the ppell. COLEBRIDGE The party was a pleasant little affair. Pennon amused himself with observing the peculiarities of some of the more plain of the country people about him. not ill naturedly, but with the love of acquainting himself with new varieties of men which a citizen of the world has. IHe was cosmopli, tan through and through-could have made friends and a homr any where, unless it might be among the Battakers. the race of savages of whom the Countess Ida Pfeiffer even was a little afraid When the company had all gone, as he limped off to bed upon the arm of Julien Percy, whose aid he nas obliged to accept he turned a lingering gaze upon the young girl. His heart grew heavy, and he longed to lift his finger and say, Beware. She seemed to him, all of a sudden, to be invested \ith danger or misfortune, unseen and un recognised, but certain and close at hand. Why lie felt so he could not tell- He was a good magnetizer. though he seldon exercised his power, and now he half deemed that some magentic relation was establish d between, him and Clematis, which warned him of something about to happen her One would think that a physical pain had effected my brain he murmured to himself, after bidding his escort good night at the door. Perhaps it it is the sultriness in th3 air which oppresses me He leaned out of the window. The at mosphere was stifling; not a breath stirred; the west was black with a thunder storm. lB-and-by a hot wind out ot the coming cloud struck his eheek. He watched the magnificent but almost fearful storm as it swept rapidly up from the horizon. La:rge drops of rain h.gan to fall. He closed his window to keep i;bem out, and, creeping into bed, lay listening to the awful music of the elements. As his thoughts throbbed with the thunder, which rolled and broke and trembled overhead, he muttered a verse from Childe Harold "Siv, mouutains, river, winds, lake, lightenings I ye, Wimh r.i?hlt, and oloude, and thunders, and a sou! To makle itheas? tlt and f-lling, well may bh Things which have made me watchful; the far roll Of your departing v.ic's i" the knell Of what is me is sleeplesBs,-ifI rest. But where of ye, Oh, tempesae! is the gaol ? Are ye like those within the human breast ? Or do ye find at last, like eagles, somo high nest ?' A terrible crash of thunder cut the last words short. It was so close and over whelming that he was certain the house was struck, and eprang out of bed, threw a dressing gawn about him, and opening the door and looked into the ball. There he saw Julien Percy flying about like one distracted, his white night gown fluttering about him, looking so comical and so frightened th:at he burst out laughing Oh, dear i cried the young man, perceiv inK him, where shall we go to ? We will certainly all be struck. I am so afraid of lightning, Mr Pennon-I always wa'. Mother ! mother ! knocking at her door, I wish you would let me get into bed with you Pennon hobbled back and flung himsfelf down on the bed to laugh. The idea of a youth of twenty two still fleeing to his mother's side for refuge from apprehended danger, was very ludicrous to him. He was almost malicious enough to wvish that 0le' matis might have Clematis what of her He paused in his laughter, and asked hims self this question Something has happened to her, I know. I wish that I dared to go to her chamber door and ask, or that I knew where her parents slept that I might ask them to go Just then his door unclosed and she came in, gliding slowly, and pale as a ghost. He had left his lamp burning to dim the glare of the lightning, and he saw herdistinctly' She had not-undressed. She was just as sho was when he saw her last, except that the necklace was gone from her neck, and her curls were partially put in a comb. He arose and spoke to her gently, for he conceived that she was greatly frightened. She made no reply, but stood close by him, looking at him with a steady but meaningless gaze. He thought she might have a habit ef walking in her sleep, and touched her hand to awouse her 4ho shuddered frcm head to foot at his *ouch, but gave no other sign of conscious Iless Now thoroughly alarmed, he aroused -tle household. Her parents were di.tressed and half out of their senses at her conditiou. 'hey said she had no habit ofa somuambulst. She was taken and laid upon the bed in her room, her temples and hands chafed, and overy endeivour made to restore her to aeni mation, for she seemed to be in a strange sort of a fit. She gave no signs of recovery, except 'that once or twice when Pennon chanced to touch her the same shudder went through her frame, and he grew afraid to approach her for fear of increasing hersuffer ing, if she suffered I believe that it is the effect of fright said Mr Percy as he sat by her bedside and gazed upon her in anguish Will not some one gofor a physician ? sobbed his wife I would that I knew the way, or that my foot was well answered Pennon i but I will go, if I have to creep on my knees, if you will tell me where Julien stood by, but t a storm was still so severe that be would not have offered to go forth ftr any less than his own life John, the hired man, can go. He knws the way, and can got on the horse and ride. I will go and send him said the father She was struck by the lightning, I. do believe exclaimed Pennon, as he picked up the fragments of the necklace-from where they lay upon the floor before the chimney piece against which her mirror rested. The necklace was severed into two pieces Oh that fatal bauble cried Mrs Percy; 1 knew it-it was always so All hastened forward to examine it' It appeared wrenched apart as by some great force, and the gold upon which it was strung was melted as by fire in one place We will dash water over her, then said the aunt, who had her thoughts more collected then any of the other., Maybe she will come to before the doctors gets here Pennon retired to his roon and paced up and down regardless of the pain his ankle gave him, until after the physician arrived and had given his opinion The cold water had been efficacious in re storing her partially, for shl moved her eyes and seemed to recognize her friends, thou'h she could not speak. The doctor exaniiid her throat. It did not appeared injured out wardly ; but after seeing the necklace, he was of opinion that a ve"y light current of electricity bad passed down the chimney, came out at the crevice above the mirror, and fixed upon the necklace just at the point where ii; was broken. He had discovered a bit of steel wire wound upon it. The mother said she knew the emeralds had come apart, the links being a little corroded in one of two places, from long laying in the water, and that Clematis had mended it for the occasion, in what manner she did not know. The doctor was further of the opinion that the shock had paralyzed her powers of speech and that there was great danger they would never be restored My child, my beautiful child! canit be that such a misfortune has came upon you moaned Mrs Percy in distress that was painful to witness Before he came to the stoneicottage he had wandered through many places and met with many beautiful woman. Once or twice, or thrice, his heart had been touched deeply, but saving his first boyish love, which all men have before they iome of age, he had not been bound to any one. He had known Clematis Percy but a week. In thet time he had not altered the impression he re ceived when he first beheld her standing, a vision of loveliness, at the well, unless for one still more favourable. Lovers do not seek to analyza why they love; so Pennon was, pert ha;ps, only asking himsel' why he was to strangely interested. Beauty combined with modesty, youth with dignity, amiability with intellect, fresh unsullied tastes and sym pathies with sense and direction, innocence with a certain degree of wisdom-these were enough to form his excuse without recalling the arch smile, the sweet fire of the soulful eye, the joyous mirth, the lovely tinge of sentiment, the sweet behavior of her parents, the quick seen of duty. These two latter might be oldlfashioned virtues, scorned by many of the sea he had been most accu;tomed to associate with, but they were charms more fascinating to Pennon than refined and voluptuous indolence and selfishness Oh, just and merciful Heaven ! he murk mured, looking up to the calm sky, why didst thou choose to'smite such an one as this ? Why did thine arrows of fie fall upon the innocent ? He remained absorbed in thought until the bell called him to the dininbaroom. He went to the table more to meet the family and inquire after the invalid than because he felt it possible to eat. The appetites of all had vanished-still excepting Juliein Percy's, who fasted somewhat for appea:ance sake-and the breakfast was a sa;d contrast to the merry meal of the previous even ing Mr Percy informed Pennon that. Clematis appeared quite well, was perfectly in her right mind, and had answered all her ques tions as well as she was able by looks and questions; said she did not suffer ; had put her arms about her and kissed her with a bright smile, as much as to ask her not to grieve herself on account of he accident. All similar cases that any of the party had leard of, were discussed. At one moment, hope was raised as one told of paralysis which had only lasted a day or a week; again it was depressed when others sere mentioned where it was lasting. Some one told of a case where a woman was struck by lightning and made dumb for a number of years, but had suddenly recovered her speech during a severe thunder storm. This gave rise to a great deal of talk about electricity, and the use of the magnetic battery, and the pro bability of the physician ha ing recourse to it As they arose from the table, Pennon said to hia: host and hostess : The stage passes here to-day at ten o'clock, I believe, i will not further trespass upon your bounty, but go on :my way, not with out a very sad heart at leaving you in this sorrow. I ohall be in the city very soon, and shall consult the very best -physicians upon your daughters's case, and write to you their opinions We are very sorry to part with you replied Mrs Percy, touched by his evident emotion We have learned tb regard 'you ui a friend, and hardly liketo part with you at this sad time- I, should love to have you regard this as a home,'if you can be happy.in taLying longer I can hiiirdly think I am going away to know no more of the friend I so fortunately chanced upon. We may meet again. But now, if I had no other reason for going, I should hurry away to find what can be done, for your daughter. Can I see her, to say good-bye before I go? Sirs Percy told him hel- could go to her room in half an hour. He spent that time in pacing up and down the gardeowalk. As he went up.scairs into the ante-room com municating with. Clematis's room, he heard a voice speaking rapidly, and saw that the door was ajar. He had no intention of lis tening, nor any idea that any thing private was beiu'g said with open doors, and was not to blame that the following sentence reached his ear as he went forward You have pobably thought, coz, that your prospects of marriage were injured by your misfortune-the Clematis Percy would not be as attractive as hitherto-but with one, at least, it is not so. I love you more devotedly than ever-I should love you to distraction if you never spoke another word I have come to comfort you by offering to marry you. Will you have me? Speak -or no, write-I mean write vihat you feel -two or three dear words-that you will be mine. Here is the pencil-write ! Pennon weat softly back, and waited in burning impatience for the coach to make its appearance I must go and say farewell, though-this will never do. It will look very careless or very ungrateful. I wonder if that cousin is ott of the room yet I wonder if she ac cepted him ! Can the following really have more heart than I thought ? I hope so, for the sake of her who is to be his wife He went up to her room. There was no one in at that instant. She lay upon the hed, lokling calm and beautiful. She emiled a greeting as he came to her side Mriss Percy, I have come to say good bye how harsh and cold the words came oul of his throat ! In trying to be enlmn he appei!od almost rude. Her lips quivered an1d her dark nlases dropped to her checks to conce:d t'L intense look of disappoint menOt. Sae made a motion to give him lhe Lanil, b-:t his tone had been so cold that she wiihdrew it, and it fell languidly upon the bed There was a paper slate on the coueh with something written upon it. Was ii dishonorable in Pennon, feeling what Ire dic and what depend!d upon it, that he shoull seek to read the trembling characters tracec thereon ? If it was, he w;. so agitated thai he did not reflect upoo it until latter in thl day, but allowed his glance to rest upon whai was all important to others besides Julie; Percy: That my prospects of marriage are injured is no regret to me. I have parents, anli lovr to live with them. I do not thini; of itine wedded; and if I should, it would not could not be to you, thonuh I am cratefu for your preference-your disioterestec affection. I am your loving cousiu-- 1ca never be any thing more to you Clematis ! She looked up quickly, for his tone hac changed; it sent the blood to her face before she met his eyes . God bless you and restore you to healtl He bent over and kissed her, and the tear which fell upon her cheek from his eye: at that moment thrilled through her beini more sweetly than ever the first kiss whiei had ever been pressed by otler than rela. tions upon her lips With blinded vision Pennon hurried inte the hall, almost running over Mr Percy whom he met there How is Clematis now ? asked the fathel I hardly know-I think she is very well Will you not step into my roo:n a moment Mr Percy ? I have something which refuses not to be said Perhaps we had better wait for the letter, said Mr Percy, with a smile, before that most important part is acted. A father'r prudence-not a man's friendships CHAPTER V. THre WONtDERFL CASILE. " In Yanuda did Kubla Rhan A stately plensur.-loma decreP : Where Alpb, the st.rred iiv"r rna Though caverrl miesurelers t: man, Down to a runlrca urs. Lo, twice, fire miles of fertile ground With walls and toweis were Sir lhd round, And here were nardens briht with sinu'us rilla, Where blnoasm'd sny ailtni i icotieO bearing tree; Atl here were forrsts, aicient as the hil8, Unfnolding sunny ep'sl ot grol' :rry " ('Or.EsilnDG " Witt hright, na'idl hartlements we. ouoWi'd, And hastions fringed with fire." Tacureso.r Pennon was saain upon his wanderit:g way in a Imelancholy moo . He had been rejected. He was n, t a vny vain man, considering his advantages of personal appearance, genius, and worldly position.. And yet it was true that he felt mortified Et beine refusol bv a simple country mnaiden, when so many e.,v blle? eould have been proud of hii prefereinr'c. lHe €ft mo tified at timtes, but not alayvs; for Clematie Percy seemed to him a being tite graS a of whoe »eul were such that no worldly advantages were to be hloil in comparison, nor any man to feel humiliated bec.ause ebe did not give him her love. HE leIit that he had aspi,'d to her love-not bronuug;t bimeal' down to it; and because it was withheld ha could b!ame no one, and 1e cer ainly did n.,t hlime her. There was in hia breast not pre5n. ly an achling void, but a settled feoling of grief Iar t some overwhelming loss. He had allowed his hoprs to dwell upon this new treasure so strongly, tiat wilhen he found that it was not for him, he felt mis if he had lost what was his. He hrd grown very tired of te'life he was leading in the city, be f(tr he went from it. It was a restless desire to find if the ideal of life could not be realised which sent him forth to rove over the country in quest of some new experience. Suddenly as light breaks through a re.in cloud and poure in glory over the world, a new hope had flooded his being with radiance and revealed to him the paradise he bad unknowingly yearned for. He had cried Eureka! to his rejoicing spirit-ar.d now how dull; and selfish, and common. place the world bead grown again in a deponding, il not in a bitter frame of mind, he wandered list t.-sly from place to place. He went to Lake Go srge, acd sketched and painted for a ahile; but his geuas seePmed to have forsaken him, except as far ac painting female faces went. Hi, attempts at other things seemed' all to tuan, as if by fairy wand, into beautirul heads with spiritual gray yes, loving and pure, long maBees of rich brown hair, lips that seemed, even upon canvas, tremulous with feeling end me'ody, and foreheads not more.delioately fair than expreaaive of thought aendideality. He met friends at Lake George wh6 did hut fail to rally him upon his altered demeanor, and to direct a family likeness in his piotures, but as to who ,he heroie of hia canvas anti meditations might be they were totaily in the dark, und Pennon took no pains to enlighten them either. as to the beauty of the Tibtr Oreek YVallhy or 'th oodttage that naetird therein; neither like Jacob,,he ad --met Rachel at: the well, and had afterwards kissed her, and lifted up his voios and wept, not beonuse he had- kitsed her once but bhe eiee ha was nvere.to ha.e that joy eggio. These things he kept scrupulo'uly to him self, and teasing only made them retreat closer into his spirit, Eyes profane might' never look into the holy of holies reserved to them: As we have hinted before, Pennon was a great favourite. He had a peculiar power of winning golden opinions from all sorts of people- porhepi beoause his own nature was so truthful and affectionate. Even at Mrs Butter by's it had bogn gueseed by his fellow boarders that they owed an extra allowance of ounces of white sugar and fresh butter to his presence at table. Their landlady was a woman in.the scales of whose soul, prudence and the love of pence outweighed justice and the love of her kind but Pennon had jumped boldly into the lighter balance and brought it lev6l with the other, which may be set down as one of his most surprising triumphs. One mornrng he hid a letter which he read upon the pbortieo of the bhtel W61l, Pennon: what' news- good or bad asked his friend' Noyse, who saw a change pass over his couniensnce Moat people would think it good news. You have heard me tell ofa ec-ontric old bacholor who spent his whole fortune of tvid hundred thoiuand dollars upon fifty acres of land, and a castle whiho be built in its midst, living thereafter in it, solitary, like a spider in the center of his web ot glory. I believe I was almost the only human being he ever fancied, after the young lady deceivod him, who was the rain of one of the most splendid of men. Well, he is dead, and has left me his castle and surroun.ings Whow ! most people would call that pretty good reow:. You were born with a gold spoon in your mouth, my dear friend. There is no use in your frends standing by and coveting the delicious morsels you fish up with it P-nnon heaved a deep sigh How.little is known of people's real fortunes-'he fortunes of the heart- whether they are good or had, I assure you, Noyss, 1 am not to be envied Yet I'd e'en take one burden of that little love afiir upon my :p;rits, for the consideration of your good looks, good gifts, and good luck Pshaw ! love affair muttered Pennon. To be sure it is strange that you could be un fortunate in love, unless the lady of your choice be dead. But if is not that, what is it that keeps you so low spirited, eh Indignation, perhaps Let us think of this new turn of the wheel, Noyel, What do you say to making up 'a party of our friends here, three or four of them, and going up to St Ceil to look at the carle, and to stop awhile if we like it. Glorious ! Now that you speak of it I shall be impatient until we start. Very well, them We will have Fenlon and hie beautiful.wif". And her still more beautilul sister Yes ; end that is all, I kow they have nothing to do hut idle away the summer, and if they are ready wo will start to morrow. On the 12th of July the party of ploasure selcted by Pennon, having traveled for thirty six hours by rail and boat, were left by the great steamer which daily furrowed the waves of the St Ce;l, on the dock of a ltile vlage several miles from the estate they were in search of The trare!era hid bear 1 glowing accounts of the scenery between this villaa and the castle-as the proprietor had :.med his mansion-and learning that a ferrymen could be procured to rowr them slowly to their destination, they preferred this more romantic manner of reaching it. The af'ernoon wag fin. As hey glided out into the middle of the broad, fair river, they felt upon their brows the refreshing cldnessa o! a breeze sweet scented with the northern pines. The banks sloped gently down the water, and were green with waving grass, and dotted often with groups of elms. Here and there one of those stately trees bent clo'e to the river's brim. As the boat shot murmuringly elong, leaving a golden trail, the grassy slopes rome into wooded heights or sunk into romantic vale.. While they were all grazing at a hill which ought, perflaps to be dignfied as a moutain standing solitary bafors them at abut a distance of a mile up the stream, their attention was dawn aray by a glimpse of turrets, domes, and battlmenict rising from among a forest of trees midway between tbem and the hcigkt. The cattle I t o cat!le exc]aimed rl: Ropalie Sloane sprang to her f"e!. Sit down, love said Mrs Fenlon, the cmatron of the i:rty, albeit she was but twenty four years of age. You will upset the boat and then what will become of us. Why, the gentleman would rescue us I SupposP. It would do no harm to tax dier gallantry a little more, just so that they need not forget thet they are expected to to be chivalrous; end Roealic turned her bright blue eyes hal.fre proachfully hllf laughinely upon Pennon They had thiooght -is demeanor too abstracted she wes not vont to be less than the absorbing in tere.t vhen she was present among gentlemen i and that day &:e had .-red her prettiest, and been treated with oaly the most courteous politeness, without one t len glance of sentiment, one rra pressed sigh, on- tone made thrilling with deeper melanin than thw wirds confessed-and she thought, ec she turned heb face to the other side of the river, 5nd pout. d her ich, red lips, that it was too bad I It must be u-agnmficent I I had no idea it was to fair. I wish wt could get a more satisfactory view of it, burst eorth Noyse, stri"ing to pierce with his eager glance the depths of foliage which protected the castle from view. Just then an opening in the foliage revealed a wing and part of the main body of the building. Every one uttered an exclamation of delight; but the boat swept on so rapidly that it vanished before they realsied its beauty. It seemtd to be something in the style of the old Moorish palaces; and yet not that, being moro lofty and elegant. It was a mixed architecture, but planned by some one of originel genius, for is was very baeutiful as a whole; to be compared, perhaps, to a warm and passionate leveisong, translated from the Italian into worde of solid English splendor, and breathed to a proud but tender English beauty. So it seemed to Pennon, but tho comparison is surely abaunr. It is not like any thing that I ever saw upo': :'*e Rhine or in Italy, or in England either, re. maitk.t Noyse, who was a great talker, and always interrupted those silent moment of enchantment whioh eic:ople of more sentiment keep sacred. I have n,-ver seen anshy thing precisely like it any book of drawin:.s. I wonder why he called it the ostleo! It is not grand nor glowing enough for such a title. I siould think.-At that moment the boatman turned the bkiff to the shore, and they were in full view of the place, and in front of .n avenue leading up to the hall. Boon Pennon stood upon a block of grey marble placed as a landing at the foot of the aver- ue, and was helping the loales outd The party were *disposed to be very gay, but the thought of the dlead friend who had passed there the last years of useleca and -disappointed life, auddoned Peunon Lovo shall not ruin me as it did him, he muttered Whioh way ? cried Rosslie, tartrgig for him, while the others, all curiosity, lost themselves in the winding paths which branched off from the main walk. She had taken off her bonnet, and her light bbir glistened with a golden tinge in the sunlight ; her form was tall and fall ; her step hea something languid and yet majestio in it ; her compleocion was as delecate as lillies and wild roses: "Her cheeks if fair, with just as much Of color as would he, Suppose a moist moor-rose should touch A lily lovingly. " Her hair like wavy silk seems spun But faity worms, which fed Upon the gold rays of the sun, And gilded thus the thread." She was a fine-looking, fascinating woman. Pen' non realized it as he quickened his steps to meet her. She looked, even there, queenly en h to be " Going to St Jame's C3urt In beauty and in state; " and he thooght how well she would grace one of those fashionable homes which she caveted: She .was not wealthy, and her friends were desirous she should make a brilliant match. This she could have done more than once, but it was so pleasant to be admired that she was in no haste. A glow of exultation made her heart thrill as she waited that instant for the guidance of lher host, She l'ad long been yielding to an intorest which he felt in him, and the idea of bsing mistr?se of such a home as she saw before her put the finishing perfection upon his attractions' She, as well as her sister and brothonin law, bad taken this invitation as a mark of particular favor 'towards her ; through if they had known the truth, they need not' have built much hope upon it, for it was more to please Noyso than himself that Miss Rosalie Sloane made one of the party \- We thall reIoh tha hous early by this way, (aid Pennos.. They followed a Ms i I by numberless variatieu o0f !rt*si ^ loftily, otbers bending beneath a weight flowers. They had glip' of fountlin"l# fanciful iummerihouse, and statues oo lonely nooks. Birds warbled as if in ti native wilderness; for the solitary owner splendor had disturbed their reveries butt falling waters murmured in marble basics? How sweetly one might lie and die in like this, almost whispered Roaalie, Oh, I beauty as this. You love beauty, -t k wered Pennon, with a smiles; for ou own dear self; which is only what world does also,-loves you more' . - , She did not know whether to be P'T voked at this speeoh, She wanted to sa8 ' which khould draw from him theinner ing of his remark-perhaps to induce b that he, like the rest of the world, was 'hbri but Noyse' uneasy and jealous, was waitiongfor and they joined him. They advanced to ta where Mr and Mrs Fenlon were awaiting entered upon a stately portio, ant fiom passed into the principal hall, whoseae4C bOT , window, floor in white and black marble It,&hI; - lofty ceiling, and grand stairway excited ia! their admiration. There were but two 6s0° the mansion-a faithful old man beht affairs generally, and his wife, who act. keeper' Oh dear I said Pennon, as JeI toi. W selves in the hall, before seeking r' my friend's grief will impor?.c?srtOQ afford to keep up such an estkhii a of respect for the wishes of the -4 wish to ell it. Ah, you can affoFir u than you think, said Rosalie. Th'l. , large as it is richly furnished. A ve 1 would kiep it in proper order.' ?, i trifling expense to keep up the glYs boein ' You talk like a housekeeper-fl, at'"t l"' one who has an idea of domeatio'a iW w 40 1 rangements, as every woman ougt, Noyee. That is, if she marries a pt?. very slight accent of scorn witg id considering that Noyse was n 1 i man, was poor consolation and?-' in the train of the brilliant coct months. The color suffused i jM I-3 deeply to entirely conceal his f~ei?' I. the mercy of her who would',hav ',- i 4 , bhe doubted her power. Befor0J1'~A 't housekeeper entered to receive' the ladies to their rooms. PendS.' to send to the village and procurivg needel in waiting upon the guest thi' I in deep mourning, and appearedjv.efal , t new master evidently made a favourable and she went out looking mera cheerful ' she came in. In a few moments apatt ready for the ladies. * Oh, how charming t how p.''t . exclaimed Rosalie, as she eatered o her. If I was t-3 mistress of itt yirkt as she threw herself into an easys.h tbd \--I ztl be! and when Rosalie Slo itr then the thing must come to pass i'i She arose and approached an 1'9' which reached from floor to ceillin between the drapery of the windoaW Vrbvn J most lovely scenery.. Then she gar?d" l:n.-I lovelineas with as much interest as if ua't.$ her, when, if the truth must be toted ' many an hour in that agreeable oceullil the result was, as usual, satisfaotory.l whiol by the rich smile gathered about t!.o the ' mouth, and beaming' ut, lustrous e1 Pope.,ti the long, half dropped, languid',the 'the her blue eyes. The draperies were ofi, tl mw colored stripes, shaded down iii~ .:,o fi P i which produced a very solf light and ele for a chamber.room. The furniture, wou, corresponding in all things, and fully.flo'i fy' awaken the oavetousness of the luxj;ouf 'no I shall keep this room for my ovsl ;. mistrces of this mansion, she wispered, Pas ai he J to lay out artioles f'- a fascinating toilet in wv'ib make her appearance at tea. Dear! what Bhal.` j for help before the maid arrives ? Penn , when e.L was lt!t alone by his retiring guests, wa;jla4 l'aia and forth through the hall My friend he'thought, when he left me-this, j'od he was making a fitting oheice of one whose neceas.i it would follow his example of celibacy, or whr, were worse, to marry some woman to be. : mistress of his house, when his heart goaei '() not wish his hand and name. Thih.atter shall never be. I will not add my own to the frightful list of unhappy or elfish or unprincipled marriages.; 1 •i have dreamed of a marriage of soul and hearts-a. " anion of the noblest and moat spiritual-one purpose one love, one hope for the future-a marrisgs a blegsful as never ending-a marriage for to day and no the less for eternityi 0 Olematis : why didet thou disappoint me in this dream 1 West thou cold P. " coquettish ! wayward ? I can not decides I only . s know that thou didst cruelly destroy the hope that I had built from thinaown sweet, spiritual smile.. If I did not see love in thy blush and hear it in thy voice, then indeed did my self approbation make me: blind and deaf; Why am I ever living over in memory the moment when thy refusal fell like a, ' stone upon my heart P-like a stone above a grave, it lies there never to be lifted His melancholy reverie was interrupted by the. lightest foot, the rustle of the lightest foot, the rustlea of the richest silk, and looking up he met the smile oLt Miss Rosalie Sloane, as she swept, in the charm. oC her fresh toilet, down the magnifioent staircasa (To Se continued iw or nexi\ 