;; i PARLIAMENTARY. I • . I In the Legislative XJoancil on Wednesday, (the .President tookibe chair at 26 miuutes to 6 o'clock. Mr W.*A.,t3. A'-Beckett oiade a complaint of breach of- privilege. He said-lhaVfebouta fortnight ago he was -serrtd vrith .a warrlmt at tli e suit of John .Hooper, the official liquidator of a mimngcompwsy' in Which tie* baaInterjested, euhjecting him to a month's imprisonment-iQ the :Cutlemaine gaol in the event of bis not satisfying certain-demands. Having been aiding under the ad vice of his attorney, he was not aware that lhiB claim waB,coming upon him, and bad he not paid -the money be wonld fcavfe beeh carried off to gaol. The fact was. -hotvever, that behid a^tibstantial defence, arid notice of appeal had been ; He pqi sideM 1 tfca^Mi " grossly insulted," and -he moved that Mr T. D. S. Heron, the magistrate at Castlemaine who signed the warrant, be ordered to attend at the bar of the House on Tuesday next, to answei for a breach of the privileges of the House committed on tbe person of one of its members. The motion was agreed to after some discussion. . Mr Anderson said he had been requested to move that the Bouse at its rising adjourn to Tuesday next, when the Government wonld no doubt be represented in Chamber. " The House accordingly adjourned till Tuesday. \- — - \- In the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, the Speaker took the chair at hall past 4 o'clock. The Speaker announced the Tetnrns to the writs issued for-the election of members in the place of-those wbo ha 1 ? accepted-office as Ministers of the Crown." The whole of the Ministers having been re-elected, were introduced, and having subscribed to the nsual oath, took their seats on tbe Treasury bench. ~ Mr Duffy, in explaining the course which the Government proposed to take, said that the first two bills which they intended to ihtrodnce were measures to amend the fencing and impounding bills. He also proposed to discharge the Mining Bill now on the *T>aper, and to introduce another in its place. -The bill authorising mining on private property wonld also be 4aid on the table at an early date. Without delay, the House was aBked to cOnmder a Railway Construction Bill to allow the preliminary steps towards the construction of liew railways to be at once proceeded with. The" next question of importance waB a new electoral measure based ~uj>nn the ! late census : tetnrns: This matter wonld be-in the first instance remitted to a committee of the House. BilU to amend the Postal Act and the Discipline Act would also be introduced. There were also some other measures of lesser importouce which would be laid before the House. On going into, committee of snpply, it was intended to ask the consent of tbe committee to vote sufficient to pay tbe salaries and wages fcr tbe current month, and a bill for eanying ont such vote having been passed, the Treasurer would mato his financial statemeut, aud then he supposed the Honse would at once proceed to tbe consideration of the Budget and the Estimates. , In reply to Mr Langton, who pressed that the Treasurer's financial statement shonld be ma.ie without delay, the Chief Secretary said that it could not be delivered before Thursday next at the very earliest. •With regard to the Justices of the Peace Bill the Chief Secretary said the Government would not take change of it unless it underwent very considerable and fundamental alterations ; and, after some few remarks, thB further consideration of the measure was postponed for a week, at tbe end of which time the Government would submit to the hon member-for Belfast (the late Solicitor-General, the amendments they proposed. Upon the motion for going into Committee of Supply, the Treasurer, in reply to Mr Langton, said that he wonld make'h 6 financial statement on Tuesday at the latest MrKerferd suggested that the tariff should be settled first, aud the financial statement made afterwards. . Mr Berry said such a course would be unprecedented and inconvenient. After eomefurtlier discussion, the House went into Committee of Snpply. Mr Berry moved that a sum not exceeding £130,000 be granted to Her Majesty towards the payment of salaries, wages, aud contiugen cies of the service of the year 1871-72. After s»me discussion, the motion was agreed to. progress reported, aud leave obtained to ait again next day. . Some other, comparatively unimportant bnsiuess having teen transacted, the Honse 'adjourned. In the Assembly, on Wednesday, July 26th, the business niiost interesting tobiir readers was as follows:— / ' • TEACHER'S SALARIES. Mr Garratt asked if the Interim Supply Bill about to be.brongbt in woald include teachers' salaries. Mr Berry.—It wonld include all salaries and wages for the mouth of July. Mr Garratt—Including teacher's salaries t Mr Berry.—Yes. AMEKDMEST OF THE HOENCED HCTUALLEBS ACT. Mr Cohen asked the Chief Secretary whether it was tbe iuteution of the Government to introduce a bill this session toamend tbe present Licensed Victualler's Act. Mr Dnfiy was afraid that, in view of the business to which the Government already etood pledged, it would be impossible to introduce such a bill this session, but if the present question were pat again in two monjhs' time, he (Mr Duffy) woald be able to say whether there was time enough to deal with the subject VOCDNTEER LAND WARRANTS. Mr Bent asked the Treasurer when the report of the Volunteer LandWarrant Board would be laid upon the table of the House.' Mr Berry was informed that the report of the board would be ready by the middle of next week. THE " ZEBRA STRIPES." Mr MacBain brought his complaint forward as to the utterances o{ the Chief Secretary and the Minister of Lauds, and Mr Grant replied as follows :— He thought the hon member had not adopted a proper method of bringingit before the House, by making a speech and their withdrawing his motion for the adjournment of the House. The hon member had allnded to his (Mr Grant's) issuing regulations when he was formerly in office reserving certain lands from free selection, and to his successors having approved of what he had done. But the answer to that>was this —that tbe Legislature hnd dealt with the whole subject in the act of 1869, mid then absolutely and .without teserve threw the wliole .colony open to free selection—(hear, hear)—-and he believed that eveiy actiou; taken by the gentlemen who succeeded him.-siuce the passing of the act of 1869, howeviu- proper it may hpve seemed, waa eimply a curtailment of the rights the people had acquired-by-that act. (Q-ear, hear). Holding that view," he regarded the whole-colony open-to selection, with certain reserves which were. oeceBsary for .the pnbiic interest—(bear, hear)—and for the pnbiic interests buly -r-r-(he»r, hear) For instance, reserves * of ilaud that was auriferous,: of land required for water snpply to the various gold .fields AndiConntry districts, • lands required for railways^ for timber reserves, - and tor -other purposes which must be obvious to bon members. -He could i^ardly undetstand any-other right arising as s right He thought the hon member wotdd eee from the directions which he issued to the surveyors in Glpps Land the •t'ther day whA; Jbe - intentions of the Government were—that,no la&ijlifihould; be. reserved •except it wie jineqaired public: purposes— eucb .as ws^er Teserve parnases; that no rights claiin'd by purchasers of^rown lands of access to water. f^Lonld , be Acfaiowledged — i.e, n partiea whohad purcniusedland near to streatnB or morasses, • but nptX^l^wng the wifer, who "fns.fMf^r^'bn^ the :i»nd * flP^e ^eixaucSM v",^ * Bi^rtsOf^nchoate^^tighjMJifl (Mr Grant) affected that 90 such right win .to be recognised.; : but that proprietors either by survsyiBBfl p»d jgl, jbjrMfng ' sufficient land to enable them to bave ac&festoit; With^r^ard to .J^e pasiwraf tenants, ti&eoag-; ^niseia no . ftontagB reserved. It ivonld to -.ft'^momtiooa' thing, and would not be sanctioned by any m- t*lli<rpnt «aa«nblv. and they were absolutely to reserve sufficient land to enable htm to bring bis sheep and cattle to water, and nothing more. How long were they going to reserve those water frontages) For ever? The lands along watercourses and swamps were well known to be the most valuable in the district, and perhaps the only land fit for settlement; aud were they to be kept permanently from aetUementS He maintained that the Government were only called upon to provide access to the water for the public. If the circumstance in which a pastoraLtenaat ^was placed were Buch as to make it important that access to water should be maintained, be ought to do what squatters did some years ago, via, expend money in sinking wellu or constructing dams in the back country, for it must be-pretty apparent to the pastoral tenants that the country had in many instance's given them the tenure of their runs for some years-to come. H e .had had no -farther principles- to- guide him than he . had mentioned; and in eveiy instance where anything had. been done to curtail selection near water- reserves, it-had'been done after the matter had been' considered , by a local board on the spot, thoroughly acquainted .with the subject, and well aware whether or not the reserve was absolutely necessary for the public convenience. The Board of Land and Works had been very much guided by the information tif local boards. He.oould not pledge himselfto say that in«very instance the recommendation'of the local board had treen'iadoptedj'tat''jShly'-. str^ commendatton carried oiit thii principle".which he had propounded. , ' • ' C0MPLAINX8 AGAWST OTTTCIAL AGENTS. Mr W. C. Smith* without nutice/iaked the Minister of .Mines what coorse he intended to take with respect to the official agents employed to wind up mining-companies. - It was perfectly notorious that in a number of mining districts companies liable to-be wound up—companies whose operations had ceased, or whose capital had been expended—were being resuscitated by the official agents for the mere purpose of extorting money and-levying a sort of blackmail upon the whole mining communily.-Xhis action was,- to a considerable extent, paralyising tbe operations of - a large portion of those engaged in mining industries. Knowing that as soon as Parliament met their operations -would be referred to,, and that action would be taken with respect to them, the official agents were endeavoring, -as far as possible, to do as mnch au they could in the meantime. He trusted that tbe Minister of Mines,-who- was ^so outspoken on the subject when in Opposition, would take speedy steps to remedy tbe evil complained of, and if he intended taking act ion in the new mining bill, that he wonld, In the meantime, suspend the official, agents.' . Mr M'Lellim was perfectly well aware Of the evils complained of, cahd the Erst day he was in office had taken steps to put a measure, in. the hands of a draughtsman , to meet the official agents on their own ground, and'compel them to do justice to the people.they served. If the bon. member had any charges to bring against the officers referred" to, he (Mr M'Lelian) wonld be too glad to have" them investigated, and if established the officers woald be removed ; bat, uuless some charges were sustained, it was not in bis power to deal wiih the official agents in a wholesale manner,-because he knew thatsome of them discharged their duties in a very faithful mauuer. There had been a great many complaints against them, but they had uot been sheeted home to individuals. Up to the present time no settled charges had reached him, and until they did be would not be prepared to deal with it The whole existing law relating to the subject would be remedied at avery early date, for he believed that early next week tbe measure wou'd be laid before -the House, dealing most effectually with the officers referred to. Mr W. C. Smith called the attention of tbe Minister of Mines to the statements which had been made lespecting.the.official agents,-and said that by them he would see that, so far from those gentlemen fulfilling any functions of benefit to the creditors, not one fiftieth of the money extracted from tbe pocketa iif the shareholders, no matter how large the sum, ever reached the pockets of tbe creditors. The only persons benefited by the system were the solicitors and the official agents, and be contended that. Instead of the agents discharging their duties faithfully, they only discharged them for the. benefit of tbemBelves and their solicitors. Mr M'Lellan had not said that all the aeents had discharged their dnties faithfully. However. a bill would be introduced shortly whereby creditors would be able to appoint their own official agents to discharge the duties which the present official agents now discharged. (Hear, hear). Tbe subject then dropped. On Thursday, July 27th, the business interesting to onr readers «>s as follows:— TENDERS FOB ICO MOTIVES. Mr Williams at-ked, without notice, whether it was the intention of the Government to insist that the manufacture of the 10 locomotives about to be tendered for shonld be carried out in this colony, intimating that if thB answer were in the affirmative, he should withdraw the motion on tbe subject "of which he had given notice. Mr Longmore said it was not bis intention to alter in any way the arrangements which had already been made. When he called for tenders, parties residing in other colonies asked if it was necessary that the manufacture shnuld be carried oat iu this colony; and he replied that such persons wonld tie permitted to tender, provided that whatever duties might be leviable on the materials used were levied on delivery. He had ajso told a deputation that be would tflke special care'that the engines should be of colonial manufacture?, and not sent not from England. There was au exceeding difficulty at present with_ reference to locomotives. The department did.not know whether they could be manufactured -advantageously in the colony or not If the matter were taken in hand by two or three, firms combining together they might make their own terniF, and perhaps do considerable injury to.£he colony.'- That was one reason why he thought that the ironworkers sbo'nld not be afraid of competing with those nf 'other colonies, provided the manufacturers had to psy alLduties leviable. - Mr Williams intimated that he should proceed with his motion in its proper order. THE BDENI BBIDOE GHOST —The local coraespondent of the Ballarat Star. writM to that paperThe. public knows already how it fared with the bold adventurers who disturbed his «hostship of Burnt Bridge; how, like Tam O'Shanter's Meg, they ran ' to win the keystone of the brie,' and how the bravest man among them a l has betaken himself to prayer ever aince. ' In connection with this subject, the. following is the latest oat Bising early, before daylight, to feed his horses. Mr "Campbell's ploughman paid a visit to the h-nnted brick hons« to get some hay.' Before he had time to strike a light or bless himself be heard directly under his feet unearthly mOanine and groaning f® of persons smolhering, , and, forgetting that words sad sighs have power o'er spirits In a planetary hour.' struck * light, and dispensing withwords and ajtn$,triedtbemagicofapitchfork. A few probes had the desired effect: the hay -was in motion,:and instantly were heairi in J true nautical style, two gruff voices shoua^ i .' All aboard.' They were those •BdlorSj ' who lodged with • |^|||h<;st • for ' the stt .. . . , . : iWit. Those wbo do not „hke „ #<Sr in0th6rg-in law WiUwjoite mothera-ia'-iaw to hear have that27;of'Brighain'young'a died mm. '••» ; . 1 : ' I 