WESLEYAJST CHURCH, URALLA. On Thursday afternoon nearly 150 per sons assembled to witness the laying of the foundation stone of a Weslgyanj Church at Uralla. The site is a faVour the E. side M the Great N. Road, in the S. endsof the township, and nearly in a line with, hut pa little higher than, the AngUcan •Church.^ fTHef¥is 'a'p^tty view "from "tHe spolTof the town and a portion of the upper part of the diggings, Mounts Muttoniand Beef having a more picturesque appearance than their common-place designations might |lead a stranger to infer. ^ f Be^<rf brick, on a granite foundation, the laying of the stone having completed the latter. The building is to be 30 x 20 feet <fear in the inside, and the walls are to bo 13 feet .in [height from the floor. | | The proceedings were begun! by singing [the 697th hymn, which was veiy well exe ! cuted. The Rev. Wm. Moofe then de livered a prayer, after w&ea; he stated that there would be placed jgfa bottle un der the foundation stone copies of the 'Express1 and 'Telegraph,1 and the mi nuteB of the last Wesleyan Conference of ^Australasia, with a document of which Rf3ieifollowing is a copy .(neatly engrossed by Mr. J. W. Mitchell) "This foundatibri>:stone of the Wes leyan Methodist Church, Uralla, was laid by R. G. Biggins, Esquire, this nine teenth day of October, in the year of Our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, being the thirty-fifth year of the reign of her most gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, whom may God preserve. His Excellency the Right Honorable Som erset Richard, Earl Belmore, a member of her Majesty's Most Honorable Privy i Council of Ireland, Governor and Com- ; mander in Chief of the Colony of New South Wales, and Vice Admiral of the same. President of the Australasian Wesleyan Conference, the Reverend John Watsford. Chairman of the Mait land District, the Reverend William J. K. Piddington. Minister stationed in the Circuit, the Reverend William Moore. Contractors, Messieurs Edward Lonsdale and J. W. Moore." While the bottle was being scaled, the Rev. Mr. Moore read from the Revela tions. The bottle was then placed in the aper ture made for it, and the stone was laid over it by Mr. Higgins, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. That gentleman then delivered an address very appropriate to the occasion, during which he said he had great pleasure in laying the foundation stone of a Wesleyan Church at Uralla. He did not do so in any spirit of rivalry to other Christian Churches in the district; on the contrary, he would be most happy to act in a simi lar manner by any of such. He trusted that all would subscribe towards the ex pense of erecting that Church, in order if possible to prevent its going into debt. He therefore urged that the most strenu ous efforts should be made to have it completed free from debt. And he ap pealed to Christians of every denomina tion for aid in erecting the Church. For himself, he was happy to be enabled to contribute towards the Bupport of all ministers of Protestant denominations in this-district. He also praised the vitality of Methodism, and expressed his belief that John Wesley, the illustrious founder of it, was an instrument in the hand? of the Almighty for the salvation of thous ands yet unborn (hear, hear). The Rev. Mr. Moore then delivered an address, in which he said he most heartily concurred with the liberal and Christian sentiments that had been expressed by Mr. Higgins. He referred to the differ ences of Protestants on minor points— Church government for instance—but he was of opinion that, although this divided them into various denominations, there should be a real Christian spirit running through all. Thus the founder of Metho dism had been, as was well said, " The friend of all—the enemy of none." While maintaining their principles, they could love each other—and that was what he (Mr. M.) had always inculcated. With reference to the new Church, he was sure they were all grateful, as he was, to Mr. Higgins, for having come that day, al though he was very busy, to lay the | foundation stone; and he was also glad to see so many persons present. He thought they had about £100 subscribed towards the cost of the building, the to tal expense of which would be about £300, including seats. He then invited subscriptions, to' be laid on the founda tion stone. ' The response to this was a total of £20, including a cheque for £10 from Mr. Hig gins. A hymn was then sung, and the Rev. Mr. Moore pronounced the benediction. A child was then baptised. Three cheers were given for Mr. Hig gins, and three for the Rev.. Mr. Moore. The Luncheon followed, in a booth on the ground, the shade of which was grate ful, aB the sun was very warm. It was prefaced by singing a hymn. It is scarcely necessary to add that, as is ever the case with such undertakings at Uralla, the Luncheon was a very good one, and so numerously attended that the table was nearly filled again after the first par ticipants had risen. The articles were contributed by the ladies of Uralla, and j several of tbem and some gentlemen were | most assiduous in attending to the wants | of the company. Nor must we omit no ticing that, while there was abundance of tea, a most liberal supply of excellent I lemonade and soda water had been given by Mr. Hopkins. Eveiythuig went off in a very pleasant and successful manner; and we may add that three of Mr. Higgins^ sons accom panied liim from Mihi Creek, and that among those present there were, besides the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Moore, several other visitors from Armidale. The other day we paid a visit to Mr. C. Jenkins's breweiy and steam aerated water works, in Markham-street, and found a very neat and well arranged esta blishment. An exceedingly compact prize on the vertical principle, by Samson Barnett, of London, is well worth inspection. It seems to be everything that can be desired in its operation. Mr. Jenkins has also one of Barnettis prize soda water engines, which he informed us was capable of a pressure of 300 lbs. to the square inch. There is in the brewery a malt kiln, with an iron loft, which cost 100 guineas. The beer and cordials of all descriptions made by Mr. Jenkins are ex cellent, and free from any adulteration. A well of very fine water, over 40 feet in the rock, is a material aid to Mr. J. in turning out first-class articles. By calling in the assistance of steam, he is enabled whenever necessary to produce 200 dozen bottles of lemonade or soda water per diem. Such spirited enterprises deserve good patronage. In the insolvent estate of Jane Mar shall, of Wellingrove, a third meeting will be held in Sydney on the 15th November. i 