THE EASTERN COUNCIL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. Yours, &c.;, DANL. O'CONNOR. 6th May. SIR, —It was currently reported in the borough to day that all the councillors intended resigning in con sequence of the censure on the conduct of some of them contained in the report of the Complaint Com- mittee. Under any circumstances, I do not see the necessity of all resigning. Those who feel called upon to do so might, in the interest of the borough, post pone the execution of their intention till the annual election, seeing how very near it is, the great cost and inconvenience of an extra election, and the pecuniary position of the borough. Ido not see that the short delay occasioned by the course I suggest will be of equal importance to the loss and trouble of a second election. Singular Suicide in Collikgwood. —A suicide under rather unusual circumstances was committed by a woman named Maria Harlow, in Collingwood, on Friday last. The woman, who was about 45 years old, and lived in a lane off Victoria, street, below "Welling, ton street, had been twice married, but about three weeks ago she and her second husband separated by mutual consent, and since that time she had been depressed and low-spirited. On Thursday she went to see the husband, but he would not speak to her and she took this much to heart, and was heard by the neighbra speaking very incoherently. On Friday night, about ten o clock, some unusual noises excited the suspicions of the neighbors, who went into the house and found Mrs Harlow insensible, with her arm severely cut. There were near her a bottle of brandy and a bottle of laudanum, and she had evidently drank a large dose from the latter—it is supposed about an ounce. The blood lost was considerable in quantity, but was not the cause of death; the lauda num having entered the system, resisted all efforts to neutralise its effects, and death took place at 9.30 p.m. The woman bore a good character. _ Australian Ghost-stories.— Sceptical people be lieve that as this countiy is so new, and our ruins so modern, veritable ghosts have not yet been acclima- Geelong, on behalf of Victoria,, however, has supplied its revenant, and the headless trooper of the “ Old Man Plain” in New South Wales has become a matter of local history. South Australia now comes with a modem edition of a wilde Jagd. The Gawlcr Times states that in the lively neighborhood of One tree Hill, quiet, practical farmers aver their having seen a weird tandem team dash across roads and through fences, without finding that what are ob stacles to ordinary horses and vehicles at all obstruct the progress of these light-bodied beasts and their shadowy trap. Where the team comes from or goes to, on what kind of ethereal oats and hay the nags are fed, may be worth ascertaining, and what can be I the object of these “ gloamin” trips through an other wise reputable district would form good subjects for enquiiy. | 