EXTRAORDINARY HOAX. From the New York Gazette, June 17. Fifty Baptist ministers quartered during the annual conference hold in Chicago at tho University, on Cottage Grove avenue, were this morning thrown into a torrible state of excitement. To understand the situation, it is to be known that the committee of recep tion, in order to accommodate the nearly 1500 delegates expected, were driven to every expe dient to provide for their entertainment. Among the other ways and means adopted, some forty of fifty of the reverend strangers wero consigned to tho hospitality of tho Uni versity. The boarding department of this in stitution is under the care of the Rev. W. W. Smith and his efficient wife, who, being good Baptists themselves, felt only too happy to minister to tbo comfort of half a hundred ministers— but whero to deposit them of nights wes a grave and diffiaalt question. The msttor was mastered, bowover, by Mrs. Smith, with her well-known energy, wbo ordered the largo chapel in tho upper part of tho building to be cleared ont, end, despatobing messen gers hither and thither after beds, bedding, towels, eliairs, &c.;, soon transformed tho op- pearanca of the room. into that of a country tavern in fair timo. Fifty bods woro mado on tho floor, and fivo nights passed by and tho brethren wero happy. Last ovening, nt a somowhot lata hour, tbey returned to tbeir quarters and prepared to rotiro for tho night, littlo dreaming of the calamity overhanging them. Tho night passed. It wes about half- past 4 o'clock in tho morning that an " early bird " began to think about tho worms. Half- asleep, he felt about io tbo accustomed place for his pants; tbey wcro gono; his vest and coat woro also missing. Nothing was to bo found. Tho unhappy oonfused man sits up in bed, and is pnzzled (o know what has hap pened to him. Has bo been robbed? Has anybody been murdered ? Gradually theso thoughts passed through bis mind and flashed npon bim. Then bo looked around. Whero aro Brother B.'s clothes? — gono I — Brother T's big" boots? — gono I — Whero aro oil tho pieces of clothiDg usually adorning tho chairs and tables about the room ? — gono j — gono I — not a vestigo remaining. Tho frightened min ister, with screams of alarm, shouting " Bob bers! Thieves I Burglars I" sprang from his bed, and soon tho whole fifty wcro made aware of tho doleful eitnation. Tho sccno that fullowod boggars description — indeed, forbids details. Tho fifty unolothod rushed hither end thither in tho excitomcnt of tho moment, vainly seeking something they could not find. Considerable amount of money, railroad tlckats, watches, snd valuables wero gone, and con sternation diro sat npon overy brow. One could not bat have pitied these distressed brethren, and yet not to havo laughed at their embarrassmout would bavo been impossiblo It was ludicrous in tbo cxtromo. A single whito garment wes tho entire of thoir indivi dual attire, with a vory few exceptions. It looked liko n lot of ghosts holding a grand carnival in tho early dawn. Hero thero could hovo boon seen a preachor with ono boot on — only that and nothing moro. Another rush ing around, dress as above-mentioned, with the addition of a tall black bat, aod somo only tbo addition of a necktio. Somo wropped a sheet about them and strode solemnly op and down tbe room, adding greatly to tho ghostly, ghastly, and ridiculous appearance of tho soene. "'How'sball w'o "ever got homo ?'' sdys ono. " Ob, dear mo, what will my wife say wben she hears abont this ?" says another. In tho meantime the startling nows of tbis sacrilegious burglary bad spread through tbo building, and professors, students, and porters hurried in to help to sympathise, and dovire ways and means of dressing tbo unfortunates. All wero in despair. Fifty suits of clothing, with pants long enough and vests big enough for that number of ministers could hardly bo found in a moment. At this iostunt a discovery was announced. A pile of clerical cut garments had boon found in tbo University chapel — a number of boots under tbe stairs. Light slowly dawned upon tho troubled souls — it wos a oollego trick. The room lied been ontorcd in tho uight by somo mischievous students, who had played tho practical, joke upon tho reverend gentle men. When the news was mado known and the prospect of recovering their lost property — of yet boiDg able to go forth olotlicd and in their right garments— suob a shout of laughter went up as never fifty Baptist ministers shouted beforo. A grand stampede was now mado for all parts of the building, and a thorough inquisi tion mado for boots, bats, coats, pants, &o.; The ladies boarding in tho building prudently retired to tbeir rooms. For an hour undressed and half- dressed ministers could bo seon exploring every nook and oornor where it was possible for on old shoo to have been secreted. Tha seereh was in tbe main successful, and wben our rcportor left everything lost, but a simple ooat, Imd beon recovered. No money, or watcb, or other valuables bad been purloined. Speakino of tbe usefulness of sea-gulls to farmers, tho ' Tarnnaki Herald ' says : " Dariog tbo winter moDtbs, wben tbo weather permits tbo plough to be at work, it might bo noticed that tbo plough aud borrow aro in variably attended by a flock of son-gulls, who pick up tho grubs ond worms. Thero is no doubt, thcreforo, that this bird is a-vory use ful ono to tho farmer in clearing tho ground of thoso insects." Tho 'Auckland Weekly News,' referring to tbis subject, says : — " A pair of sen-gulls in a gardon will destroy moro sings and grubs thau a hundred sparrows. Wo recommend every ono who bns a garden to obtain a few sea-gulls. Tbo young birds are readily captured, and they form most intcr- esting pets. Unlike tbo magpie, they aro not mischievous, and tboy never touoh vegetable matter. They will live for years, and only require feeding during very dry weather, odopting themselves thoroughly to their novel mode of lifo. They will keop all day after tho spadesman, snapping np overy grub and worm, seeming never too weary witb tbe supply of food. In the Horticultural Gardens, Rich mond Park, Victoria, tbeso birds.oro found to bo very serviceable,' and aro a sonrco of much interest to tha visitors. Tho way to tamo these_ birds is to get tbem whon young, end by clipping their wings keep thorn from flying away. Wo have, however, heard of a bettor woy, wbiob is to get tbo sea-gull's eggs and hatch them undor a ben witb other chickens; tho sea-gull then becomes domestioatod, wo boliove, and will never leave tbo plaoo it bos been reared on. These birds would have to bo fed on meat cut iqto small pieces when wormB oro not obtainable." 