VAN DIEMEN'S LAND VERSUS TASMANIA. I propose lo give a lecture, or I should say a 'scriptive,' on a subject which may, I hope, prove interesting to tho public. Natural bashfulnoss prevents my giving it in Mechanics' Institutes, as is Uie ' usual correct style, so 1 venture tn 'speak my speech' through tho Press. I shall indulge in no eloquent exordium or ' high falutin' peroration ; plain words are best suited for a homely subject, Tor it is our home, which is my theme. Pleasant Van Diemen's Land! Thy name has been vilified, blackguarded, and covered with mud for years ; upstart Tas mania has usurped thy property, and fat tened on thy earnings, but the skies were as bright in thy day, the atmosphere as sweet, and the landscape as lovely at they arc now, whilst there was at least as much prosperity, happiness, enjoyment, and Social life as there has been since thou madest thy exit from the stage, to give place to Tasmania ! My recollections go back to a time when all servants were prisoners of the Crown; a few bad, the majority hard working, and as faithful as servants usually are, obliged to serve for nothing or at low wages, but far more respectable in appearance and dress than are the agricultural labourers of the present day. When the ' ticket-of-leave' men mus tered periodically in Launceston and Hobart Town, they presented the appear, aneu of decent men, as indeed most of them were : nor was drunkenness and im morality so marked as it now is. Our streets were comparatively free from 'flaunting sin,' our publics rigorously kept in order- The working man had his spree at times, no doubt ; but when it was over, he returned to his labor, and could not lounge about tho doors of taps. Under tho system of ' assignment,' reformation of character was the rule and not the exception, when masters were just, strict, and thoughtful for the poor creatures committed to their charge. There are many estates in the country which still have old servants belonging to that period upon them " adscripti glebie' in the best sense of tho term. I have seen the old servant carried to his grave, followed by his master, as though he had been one of the family. It is true we had harsh and severe employers, who ground down their unhappy dependants with, hard work and scanty fare. Many are the anecdotes told of these unjust task-masters. Men, under a sense of wrong done to them, sometimes ' took to the bush,' and ran careers of robbery and murder. Hopeless of pardon, their hand was against every man. The stories of the bushrangers may still be heard round the hut fires of a winter's evening, and their horrors take the place of ' ghost stories' is the old country. The bushranger was the ghostly hero of convict life. Frightful are the tragedies which have culminated upon the ' drop,' or taken place in the lonely, wild bush. Happily, those days are past. Tho cat o'-nine-tails wielded by the flagellator has been abolished — the harsh master can no longer hope for white slaves, whose sweat to coin into wealth. Many a grand estate has been accumulated by tyranny and injustice, and splendid mansions built by sullen, overworked serfs. There are plea sant stories of servants being sent with notes to Police Magistrates—' The mas ter's compliments, and would the P.M. be so obliging as to give the bearer fifty lashes for being saucy.' Se non è vero è ben trovato— if not true it is very likely. The curiosities of domestic life in those days, its comicalities and shifts, were highly amusing. The cook got drunk in the house of a certain official in Hobart Town, and the mistress was obliged to ofliciate— a pretty woman, whose presence was often sought at Government House reunions. Engaged over the frying-pan, the orderly stood in the doorway, and enquired ' if Mrs —— was at home ? he had a note for her.' ' Put it down,' said the cook, fur tho nonce keeping her face well in the chimney. " Sure, thin, and won't ye let me look at yer face, darlin'?' remarked the gallant corporal, whom we need scarcely remark was a Milesian, ' ye have an illigant ancle of yer own, and yer faytures should be accordin'.' In those days, you had a butler who had been transported for making free with silver spoons, a groom who was a horse stealer, a gardener an old poacher, or a housemaid who had been numberless times before the Old Bailey. ' Here we are,' shouted a famous auctioneer of old days, flourishing a copy of the Newgate Calendar, which was a 'lot' in a sale, ' We're all in it,you know.' 'Why Joe,' said the same jocular character, to an old companion, wham he met on the race course, splendidly adorned with a gold chain meandering over a stylish waist coat, ' times is changed since you and I last met.' ' How's that,' retorted Joe. ' Why,' was the answer, ' last time you and I met we had the chains round our legs, now we have 'em round our necks, my boy !' Colonial aristocracy in those days drew a rigorous line between tho bond and free,, but' wealth 'asserted its claims, as it always does, and not a few families sprung from those, who, as the clever Barrington. the famous pick-pocket, euphoniously styled— ' True patriots we, for be it understood, We left our country for our country's good,' made their way into ' society,' and as sumed airs of nobility. Amusing were the equivokes, and awkward the ' contre temps ' suffered by those unfortunates, who would fain have buried in oblivion the exploits of a grandfather, or the ' laches' of a female progenitor. Ro mantic tales of cruel relations, prejudiced judges, and unjust Supreme Court juries, accounted for the unfortunate mishaps; and bran new coats of arms elaborately emblazoned, were stuck up to hide the brand left by the irons. Vain attempt of the ostrich to conceal herself! I don't lay but there were many hun dreds of whose reformation there could be no doubt, but when such attempted to give themselves airs of rank and fashion, it sometimes led to painful reminders by the envious and well Informed— that the jay was strutting in borrowed plumage. Time has softened all these rough corners of social life ; but there are still ' old hands' who delight in stories of days gone by, which are a little starting and would astonish the nerves of the high and mighty amongst Australian and Tasmanian magnates. In olden days tho 'society of the island was homely in its character. ' ' Settlers' visited each other, or made a trip to head quarters to enjoy life. The ''official' element was strong, and the airs which it gave it self highly amusing. Trade was tabooed. Merchants were admitted on sufferance. but woe betide the shopkeeper who should venture to claim acquaintance with a former fellow passenger. " I'm very sorry.' Mrs — that I can't notice you now,' said ' an upstart young fellow to whom tho pretty and well-educated wife of a " tradesman' bowed. They had spent pleasant days together in the cabin of the ship which brought them both to Van Diemen's Land. ' But you see my cousin being the Auditor-General, its quite out of the question for me in future to return your bow!' Amazing self, respect! The anecdote deserves record- ing\ The lady who suffered this unkind repulse 'soon made it' known, but it did not penetrate the hide of the self-compla cent donkey, who had been imported to fill a vacancy in the Government service; Happy official caste in those days ! The stupid offshoots or families having interest with the colonial office' were shipped out with orders to provide them ' berths,' Nephews and cousins were provided for by employment in offices, where their upstart pride and conceit had full fling, Stories told of the dull obstinacy, ignorance, and cruelty of those men, would make one - hair to stand on end. We bad judges who knew nothing of law, and magistrates equally devoid or perception of justice. An old soldier was judge, and all sorts of people officiated as advo «*?? '» tti« abieno* or the professional arbcte. A French colonel, whose name is ?fall, misma in ' CimUiere.ftMet,' maldod tlo ?trorforjujtaoe in lawnceston. Deliverances from the Bench to 'offending prisoners made the policemen grin "Your shall have feefty flog! and one calico mont' on de treadmill, dere !" Impudent, self-styled advoc,,,,. ., wcro allowed to proelicc as hn i ' been ' under Govurntuciit ' uod » urwiM^Kr^? brotucr's-in-law, ' 1 wish weeoaldi,: this blessed Court to-day ; I want T f oot to llisdon to have a sjireo win, ?' 'J Jones.' ' So do L' Ouotl, ., 7 .'And I,' added a third. ' We '' mo, I'll sot it done,' said a d«J,m|. f ,!] .'° who had been trausportcd for bim'° In Honor eaten, and tho bur nt , bowed. 'Good morning, your Ho-'1!! quoth tho advocato for Iii8 bret? 11 I'm sorry to boo that you dun't Wi™^ well this morning as usual ' » ei'0 Mr ? ; not look bo well r i-eruite' ' long day's sitting yesterday.' '..;?; your Honor should t«kc cire of . Iicaltb. llemeinber, that you re J''' tho courts of Uw aud ??quitr^n* n..je.^ofBriti.hjurtieei,?n^,r^ sou. Your untiring teal aud njl judgment is too aevercly tn»LfS in ,i. work of this Court. As the iuri«DL has it, ? rtrlum pertovale L^T\ person must keep concord, that it het«. mind and body.' ' \ery tnu,, Mr __' vp.rv Iram.' ' Dons nni l.,,ii* tj ? ... .' it would bo advisable to adjourn tlitii,™ till to-morrow P We all M,'wt lC he gUnccd round tho tablo, ' that noti,^ would bo moro serious than lo eomiiroim!, the interests of justice, by allo«iuB .„ to overwork yourself. 1;m!' 0ym trueMr^ — !we'Uadjoumtto Court Ocuni adjourned.' Uxit advocates lo their an™. But the system of appoiutiag &l; T, judges of inferior Courts Ustedfor jot. Bud funny decisions were soiaftin,,.' bounced out of the bewildered hum™ the Bench, by impudent and scornful Ut yers, wbo by this time were no loot,, makeshift advocates, ai tliry onw»'re An unfortunate naval officer, »Ik, , ' ambitious and unlucky enough a ,.,, Uu's high promotion, was iu the end faJ, badgered out of his peace of mind cJ, and decisions were hurled at hii L,^: head, half of whichjl verily believe »«, invented for the occasion. Huge uji,, „, law books m legal calf skin nnj, lt; Ubh S7^D' iTlje ualfPPJ' i'^ irincri. aud looked askant at Uiese awful m^ ments of torture. Tho lawyer »itl ^ biggest pile before him, ai a rule, n,^ the day. On one famous occasion, ift|i0, was iudictcd for stealing a hag of on, The faota woro provoa, when the je^ fending counsel extorted from iL man whoae oats had boen stob that they were oats ia claff uj ta^on from the UiroshinB floor. Bit nster smiled scornfully, and hitched uphu gown. ' My client ib accuiod of maW oo«», not oAajf. Tbe indictment it lid ii law I Gentlemen of the fury, tli-- mm or the British law are immutable ? It turam the agii of iti protection over ill ' and I claim your verdict of aeqiituu '. Co:. vict my client loand have the lrruseadB, burden on your oonscicnoes for ever : iU: you have outraged the very-um-sresju i tho British Thomei !' Jury gUuccd it one anottier evidently awed. Judit looked Bpecially uueomforUulp, u] shifted uneasily in his chair. ' If, ' c,j:. tinurd the advocate, ' my olieot iti tbt privilege of being hied before a juijt loarncd in the law, there could be no fait that be would direct you lo a verdjrt at acquittal, on account of this faUl tb« ! lucre are eases innumorablo on tin point (here he took up a huge roluu of Coke's commentary). But no! tit case is so plain that I will not cuju precedents. I bare indicated iheLr and it is enough.' Counsel siti doira with an air of profound eonvicUtm, indi withering glance at Uio naval Job judge, who thereupon wisely adri»i the jury liiat oftls in uie chafT am not otti a a logal sense, and the rascal, wliu « guilty, is acquitted. In olden|days tbe duties ofjury were pn. formed by military officers, who rmmi half a guinea a day for their services. 1 story is told of their being locked up on one occasion, not being able to agree. Tbu did not at all suit the gallant huns of linn, who escaped out of the wiuJor liv i Udder, ana quietly went of)' to enjoy tin1: ttromnr at the meti. Many aoeodota of legal jokes and fun arc stored in at memory, and Uie recollection of them makes me think thit in those days we bii more enjoyment in colonial life thio -t have now. But the printer's imp informs metbii the office lias* -* copy' enough ibr tiui issue, and I continue my lecture im werk in tic hope that the garrulous p.v Density of old age has not wearied c audienee, but may have amusad tbcm ij the winter's fire in our long eveuingiwL i Uie troubles of life aro for a time forc'f.r: and tho toiler takes uii rest fronithr UUjri of Uie day. ISESES. 