-":, . MEMORANDA: ' '-;: -The' town' clerk beg~l to inform our. correspon dent "G~Cowler'i that any information he.'ma~ y require relative to Cpmmercial-place;-cat .be ob-· tained on application, and that' iaa fai' as the ratepayers being deprived of $hir vote, it is simply untrue. All the rates necessar:y to,:be paid are paid, and tlhey are now on the list of voters; they do not therefore require. Mr. Duffy's. assistance at present. As' regards Mr. Davis 's paddock, it' Wat done to drain thle swamp, he having paid one-third of the cost. A meetingof seathold?8, subscribers, and others toq Trinity Church', South St. Kildti, wilith be held in the churcrl after'the evening service on Wed-' nesday next, at which the financial statement will be brought forward and submitted to the meeting, together vith other matters connected with the church.. All interested in the church are respectfully: invited to attend. Cr. Johnston, ofUSt. Kilda, is determined to take time by the frelock. His tenure, of ofice ex plring next'monoh, he has intimat'ed that' he will be a candidate for re-election--impelled thereto by the fact havihg come to his kiiowledge thatcba rumour to the contrary effect ig being circulated through the borough. A cilss for elerisantary instruction in music and singin$g was opened on ,Tuesday evening last4L under the management of Mr. J. Q. Broadley, in the Independent schoolroom, Chapel-street, Prah ran; we have much 'pleasure in thus noticing the fact, because the class is mutch desired by a portion of thecommunity in these districts. Mi·. Wa-?h, M.L.A. fdr East Ballarat, has ac. cepted the office of Attorney-General. .It is el- pected his re-elecetion will be fiercely opposed, and his success is questioned by those who pretend to know. On Thursday afternoon Senior-Constable Par- kinson and.Constable Carroll arrested two men,* named respectively Charles Scott alias George Sams and Samuel Trude, on nsuspicion of rstealing. two pieces' of garden hose, valued at £3. Tie ,Ien had been offering the articles for sale in tLe' neiglhbourhood of'Windsor, at prices very much below theactual value, and having aroused tle" suspicioil of several persons to whom the goods lind lbeen offered information was given to the: police. Previously to hIis arrest, and immediately on perceiving tihe constable in pursuit,.Sams made, a bolt for the Windsor Raiway Station, and had actually taken hIis seat in a train which wase about to start for Melbourne, when hlie was over-' hauled by Constable Parkinson; tihe other manma was arrested at the Royal Arms Hotel. Both men were brodght before Dr. Fethlerston, J.P,o and remanded until Thursday next. The fol lowing is a description of tihe property :-One dark half-inch hose about 9Ft. long, with union and six inch long nozzle with rose, a small hole in the hose close to nozz!l ; and one dark half-inch hose' 32f.. to 40ft, long with union and nozzle 13 inches long• A grand conceit' and miscellaneous entertain. ment will be given at the Town-hail, Sti. Kilda, on Wednesday evening next. The programme, which is exceedingly liberal, includes the names of Madame Sanderson, Mr. C. E. Horsley, atid. Johnny Cowan. We understand' thiat the appointh4enut of'suot'. veyor to the Prahran Town Council has beesi postponed to the second or third week in Atigustit next. The usual weekly meeting of the Gimmittee of Minagemeut of the Alfred HIIospital was held on Wendeeday :afternoon. There were present Messrs. James Service (in tihe chair), Rollsfe, Fraser,. Nimmo, Benjamin, O'Brien, Cdirtis, and Robert-' son. The report?f? the Fihance Commnittee, stat-' ing that the amount received for the month of June amounted to -522 14s. Gd., was adopted.' The secretary reported the state;fii" tlhe house to be as follfws:-Remained from last week, 26; admitted since, 9" ' discharged, 6; 'died,: .1; re maining,'y8; number of out-patients during the weekiy 110 ; casualties, 19. The secretary drew the attention of the conmmnittee to the fact that there' were among the in-patients several, who lhad been in the house over ten' months ; and suggested that, the medical staff should have their attention drawn to clause 9 of thie miedical bye-law, by which it is directedthat chronic and incurable cases sio not remain, under any ciricumstances;:ii , the hospital, and that the medical staff should te port on any such case comiing under their notice. The secretary was directed to draw the attention of themedical officers t6 the rule. A licensing bench','consisting of Mu. Templeton. P.M., anid Mr. Fergusson, J?P.,' was held ait Ga;r-. diner on the 26th ult.. The application of Mrs, E. Gloveri6r an original license for the Malveru Hill IHotel', owing to a trtansfer having Lteen madd in Miarch last, wnas granted.-Alexander Smita applied for a publican's license for the IIalf-.wasy' House, Highbstreet; at present occupied ,s a beer shop. Mr. Miller, on behalf of Gardiner Shire Council, opposed the application, ot the grounds thatthere were a sufficient number of jublic houses in the shire;' and that the.notice of application was informal. Struck out accordingl ;, the p6lice magistrate infotrmed thie applicantl that if a. second application were made and .a imilnar ob-. 'jection raised b?'the council -lhe would ihave to. pay all costs. " It has niot 4lways bean our pleasidgdiy ~to 'e k?plkijd hi?hll cosiplinientary termis: of' the eiekly, entertitimensits 'given in the Praliran o? ninllhll for'tlie deletation of the residents of tlhe di'strict, and in aid of the funds of "thiie e chaticis' Institute i but .oh the present occasion 'it affords us great pleasure to' bear testimony to the great excellence of the entertainment thiat given on Moniday eveninfglasts, The Town .hall on'.that evenilig--altholi'gh the greater por tion of thie body of the hal:f was apIportionedoff for re serverd iseats at a double charge''F admission was nevertheiess'crowded to excess in every avail able spot. This must hiae been very satisfactory tb tle management, and should future entertain ments be equal in point of merit they will no doubt be as well patronised, and thereby the funds ,of the institution be beneficially and deservingly augmented. The numerous audienceon thisoccasion piroves the propriety of engaging a few good artistes, ad. providing a judicious selection of songs;: recita tions andcomicalities, whieh are evidentl-?' appre ciated, by all classes of, the company. The pro gramme was opened by the~slh· h s welcome Mdnie. Pett, who presided at the piano and executed a solo:in her accUttomed charriing.style. The lead ihg performers were MlVdme.'Sanderson and Messrs. Hallam and Cowan.> Mdme.: Sanderson saing ".Tell"' e my hert,! " Caller hlerrin'," " The murmur of tlhe.shell," and a driet from IITrova tore "Home 'to our:.mountains'" in conjunction with.Mr. Hallam. all of which' vSere we:l'rendered and rapturously applauded. This lady is gifted with a clear soprano' and 'well-cultivated voice,'as was evinced by. 'her execution of the solig "The murmur of the shell," in wihich the resonaslit sou(lnd of the shell was most exquisitively- given.: The management would' do well i-: securirig a more freqient appearance of this pleaotag vocalist Mr; Hallam's sweet : tenor ' notes' iere heard to .cohsiderable advantage *in 'the' "'Anch6r's weighed," bit'his'greatest success was in tile plaintive melody "Pub me in my little bed," which earned for him great popiularity when a member of Weston's Minstrels. The solo tart of: the song was beautifully rendered, but the unseen chorus was given in a very inefficient manner owing doubtless to the want of reheirsal. The next attractive feature of the programme was the negro farce of the "Four o'clock train,". in which the ludicrous simulated terror of Johnny Cowan at ,the appearance of the ghost con vulsed the audience with laughter, anl the con tiortions' aid manner in which he jumped and tumbled about the platform was suficent to leiad the:audience to believer that he was made of india rubber aed impervious to tile ordinary bruihises of humanity. An agreeable change in tile enter tainment was a scene, from thle tragedy of King Jbhn between Hubert and Prince Arthur, the re speotiveparts being taken by Mr. Sinclair (Hubert) a'd'.Miss Milly'Dowafey (Prince Arthur). The piece, however, did not go off as well as could be desired, the performers hot being perfect in their parts. Later in the evening Mr. Sinclair gave a comic recitation, whith was loudly applauded. This gentleman'i recitations arC always acceptable, n'vei being too. lng and tiresome. The Misses Downeysang tile favourite duet of "Tle Cousins" ina piq·uant -tyle, and Mr. Holmes delighted the comipany with "I: would I, were a boyagain," which elicited the honour of an encre. The esitertainment was brought to a termination by the 'singing of a parody.on " Mother I've come home to diet' by the irresistible comique Johnny Cowai, which sent the audience home in thorough good humour and well pleased with the eve?ling's recreation. A noticeable feature at this entertainmeit was tihe distribution of prilted pro grammes. The " bill of faire"' for Monday inext includes the popular favourites Miss Sharps and Mr. Dwight. After the ordinary business ied' been trans acted at the meeting of the St;. Kilda Council on Mohday night, a meeting of the local board o hedalth was held. Reguitions relative to deposit ingnig!!itsoil oi a piece of ground belonginig to Mli. Ford, at St. Kilhli East, were submitted by the Mayor; and agreed to? A'tletter from Messrs. J.'O'Farrell andJ. Brown, respecting the" forma tion of a rightof-.way off Blanche-streetl. and upon which a portion of tihe writers' properties abuitted, was ordered to stand over until the town clerk had an interview with Mr. O'_irrell. The meeting then adtjourned. After the ordiaray evening parade of the Southern Rifles on Friday, the 14th inst.,. the half- yearly meeting of the corps will be held at the Orderly Room. On Tuesday, the llit inst. a company drill will be held at 8 o'clock p.m. A commanding officer's paradC'nE the St. Kilda Battery, R.V:V.Ah, will be held at the Orderly room, Chapel-street, at 8 o'ceclck p.m. on Tuesday, thellth inst A committee meeting will subse. quently be held, and the ballot for the appoin:. menit f lieutenant will take place. A singular theft was recently committed at the premises of Mr. J. Harris, Fitzroy-street, St. Kilda. About thirty pounds weight of honey and a number of bees were abstracted from a hive in the garden during the night. On the following morning footprints were detected in several parts of the ground, but up tlhe present time the thief has eluded detection. i Dhring the month of May there were;32 deatlhs ~in Soutih Yarra and! -Prahran; ofthese. 21i :were, males and 11 Vfemaies;.'!nd 12n were under and 20 over five years of age. ; In S.Kilda and Brighton there were 12 deaths, 5 of which were' of males and 7 of: ffmales, the numbers under. and' over five years' of age being ·equal. Of :the. deaths i?i the firstaamed sub-district, 3 occurred in the Alfred Hospital and 2:in.the Industrial Schools. A sailing match is arra!lged to come 'off on. the Albert-pitrk lagoon t'-d'YI. All boats, excepting Sandridge ones-which, it is..supposed, would prove too dangerous. as aW'thCgonists-wil be allowed to,enter, and will be handicapped accord ing to their relative speed and tonnage. The course will'beabout15- miles. Post entries must be made before 2 o'clock, atMr. Edwards's boat house at the lagoon. ,The entrancerfee is:5s., and it is- proposed to expend half the money, thus realised in pri?es; and'the'remaining mnoiety will be placed to the credit of a fund to be employed in improving the lagoon. : : The risk incutirred by shopkeepers .in supplying goodse:on credit toachildren Without'the consent of their parents :.was exemplified at the Prahran court on Monday last. Mrs. Eliza.Cameron sued Mr.- W. C. Hill for £1 9s., for :goods sold and, de livered. -The:defendant informed the magistrates that the goods, which consisted .of fan!cy articles female attire, had been supplied- to his daughter, aged fifteen years, without his know ledge or consent. Althoughihe only resided -a distance of -boutfive minutes' walk:5roni piair. tiff's shop she never acquainted him with.the fact of-the child.receiving~the goods. -Under the cir cumstances, lie considered he was justified: in re sisting the claim, although :he would take care that the plaintiff would- not lose the money. Tlhe bench -supported defendand3osview'of the trans action, and dismissed the case. At. the inquest held;upon the body of an infant named Brown, atthe R-ilway Tavern, Greville street, Prahran, on' Monday last, the coroner,- Mr. Candler, referredi to the dangerous practice of placing children of tender years to. sleep between Cthe bodies of their parents in bed. Suffocation in such cases did not always arise from the fact of the child having been overlaid, because it repeatedly happened that the movement of a limib or-the displacement of the bed clothes caused death to ensue. After the business of the licensing bench had been transacted at Gardiner on the 26th ult. Mrs. E, Glover, of the IMalvern Hill HIotel,,wns chlrged by Senior-Constable Mills with allowing liquor to-be sold in her-licensed house on Sunday the 18th of June. The constable stated that on the day in question he saw a woman named Mrs. Dovey come out of the hotel in a" state of intoxi cation; Mrs. Dovey swore that she had taken tlhe drink at her pr irvate residence,- and tlte contrary not having been proved,.the benclh dismissed the case. Tihe presiding magistrates were Mr. Tem pleton, P.M., and Mr. Fergusson, J.P.. Local sportsmen are- reminded that the close season for geese, emus, and swans commenced on the 1st inst. The close season -for. ducks, quail, and other-birds mentioned in the- act will: com. menesce on. hle 1st of August. , On Wednesday evening John Reid, wilo said. he was-a clerk, residing at High- street, Prahraln, was arrested by.Constable Buchanan on cltarge of stealine a-pair of boots, :valued at £1 16s-.? from the shop of Mr. Pashler, IHigh- street, St. Kilda. He was subsequently brought before Mr. Otouch and remanded, on bail, until Tuesday next. The- ladis are taking prompt action in the matter of thie Alfred Hospital Bazaar. Some 30 of them attended a meeting.: at Emerald IIIul on Monday, and resolved that they would take up two-stalls. Similar meetings hlavesince been held in 'rah-ean, Toorak, East St. Kilda, and Brightpn, and one is announcedl for Sandridge on Monday. In connexion with this matter we may state that some.of thie ladies waited on the iMayor of Mel- bourne on Thursday, to prefer a requ-est that the use of the'Town Hli should be granted for the purposes of the bazsar at less than the usual charge. The Mayor replied that he Ihad no power to do what was asked, but advised that the hall should be taken on the usual conditions, and an applicatton be afterwards made to the council for the remnision of a portion of the charge. This hint wtua acted upon, and the hall engaged f6r the first week in October. The R.Mi.S.S. Avocs, Captain A. 13B. Fairquhar, arrived in thle b'ty early on Monday afternoon with tihe Ettglishl mails via Suer, ausd the mails from India arnd Chinn. These have been brought hlere tlhr?e days before contract time. The annual meeting'of thie Prince Alfred Bowl ing Club was hIeld at Sparrow's Hotel, Junction, St. Kilda, on Thlursday ),vening. Thie president o~f thle club, Mr. George Robertson, occupied the chair. The anntual report mentioned that five matehes had been played during the season, four of which had been placed against the club, the aggregate total of scores amounting to 48 pioints o?tl the side of the victors. A bank-overdraft of £70 odd had accumulated, but it was anticipated that the amount would be reduced before'the close of the current year. Thie presidett's silver cup was presented to Mr. George Iree,, 2nd tlhe 'ice-president's silver cup to Mr, Walter Wilson, they being tle two highest scorers of the season. A collection was made towards the liquidation, of the bank overdraft, and upwards of £30 were subscribed. Tie meeting afterwards resolved itself into a:convivial party. 