Diary of a Dreamer. JUNE 27.— Went to bed early, having partaken of a light supper of toasted cheese, a sardine, a bottle of porter, and a pipe. Dreamed all night. Dreamed I was on the rack,— that I was quartered artisti- cally, and buried respectably. Awoke in a cold perspiration, and made resolutions as to cheese. Dosed off again, and was trampled to atoms by wild horses. Awoke again, and gave up repose for the night. June 28.— Went to bed late. No supper. One glass of "cold without." Dreamed I was Prime Minister and Autocrat of all the Australias, Arrested Von Martin, Windeyer, Wilton, and Brynes. Sent them to Biloela, where they were received by the vestals with shrieks of triumph. Deposed John West, and pensioned the Herald. Flayed Buchanan, and recommended John Stewart to the care of Dr. Manning. Awoke refreshed. June 09.— Retired to bed about half-past one a.m. Had been to the theatre, and had seen the Z's. Had also seen Greene, and had paid several visits to Williams.' Was in high spirits, and courted balmly repose. Dreamed. Dreamed of Emmeline; dreamed of Christine; dreamed of the other one; dreamed of them all. Believed in Mahomet. Believsd in Mahomet. Ecstacy, joy, bewildering delight. Awoke puzzled, and forswore the Prince of Wales during the burlesque season. June 30, July 1.— Was out with Greene. Don't think I slept. If I did, don't think I dreamt. Headache; nervous. Hang the Headache; nervous. beer. July 2.— Out with Green again. Seek repose. Can't sleep. See Devila, Imps, Ghosts. horror! Shy pillow at mocking fiend who sits at foot of my bedstead. Mocking fiend duck, and grins at me. Other mocking fiend grin at me. What can it mean? Get up and escape; jump, into the water-butt; am better. Mocking fiends gone. Brandy and soda. Daylight. July 3.— Have signed the pledge. Greene has gone up to his station. May he remain there for ever. Got to bed early, after a basin of gruel. Dream of the Licens- ing Act, and see Wearne and Wilson attired as cherubs sitting on a hecatomb of publi- cans. Awake gratified.— Punch. 