Literature, Science, &c.; THE DRUMMER OF TEDWORTH. One of the favorite ghosts of modern spiritualists is the "crockery-breaking ghost." This peculiar being apparently returns from the other world merely to play practical jokes in the interest of the proprietor of the nearest china- shop. It discloses nothing, lets no ray of light pass through the dark doors of death merely indulges a malicious kind of coarse humor, and makes itself as disagreeable as it well can. A trail of broken dishes marks its path, and its visits are as costly as they are unworthy of the supernatural charac- ter of the visitor. One of the most favorite of these cases, cited by the credulous of the present day, is the ghostly Drummer of Tedworth. The story runs thus, and in its time it made many a brave Cavalier shudder, many an old Ironside look behind him as he rode home across the lonely down. The scene of the story was the house of a Mr. John Moinpesson, of Ted worth, near Salisbury. In March, 1661, this gentleman, who was a magis trate, ordered the arrest of a vagrant drummer (probably a real or sham old Cromwellian soldier), drunken, impudent, and bragging, we may presume, by the fact that he accompanied his clamorous demands for alms with a noisy, out rageous, and deafening devil's tattoo on an old battered drum, which he would swear had smelt powder in five hundred battles, skirmishes, and cavalry affairs, from the rush at Edgehill to the great break-up at Worcester. This trouble some rascal was at last drubbed, secured, and dragged before the Wiltshire squire, who set him in the stocks, or otherwise punished him, and gave the nottobe endured drum, in spite of the old sol dier's vociferous entreaties, into the hands of his bailiff. There seemed no great cruelty in the case, and the sturdy beggar limped sulkily away, perhaps to steal a drum in the first barrack town, per haps to die in the next ditch, or among the furze bushes of the nearest down. There did not seem much to interest the supernatural world in the matter. The beggar might have gone on living, drun ken, but reasonably happy, for years. No one could have presumed that Asmodeus, ? JJlepJnstopneles, or any other ot the sul phurous fraternity, would have troubled themselves about a sham soldier's drum, or, indeed, that the beggar himself was warlock enough to have evoked such assistance. The result, however, proved that Beelzebub himself took up the matter very seriously, and poor Mr. Mompesson had a dreadful life of it. He would soon have given all the drums in England to have let that poor broken-down beggar alone. About the middle of April, 1661, just as Mr. Mompesson was getting his valises, pistols, and saddle ready, pre paring to start for London, the bailiff shut up the beggar's drum in the squire's house, as a waif and stray of justice that no one cared for. When the squire was away, and the house in that rather ner vous, sensitive state in which a house always is when under a female regent, and in the absence of the master, there was one night an alarm, ef thieves. Voices were heard, or were imagined, hands roughly tried the win dows, heavy feet shuffled round some back door. The thieves of those days were brigands, who thought nothing of murder and arson, and would boldly be siege a house that resisted them. Roads were bad, justice was slow, assistance was far off. There was great dauger if the attacking force was bolder or more numer ous than the defenders. ]t was just a question which had the toughest heads, and whose skin would endure the most sword-cuts. The old disbanded troopers of both sides made desperate highwaymen, and they had not by any means forgotten how to rifle pockets and , cut throats. There was therefore great p» alarm at Squire Mompesson's about these rascals. They were discussed in the parlor, in the buttery, in the stable, in the still-room ; and no doubt Mrs. Mom pesson was more pleased even than a good wife generally is, to hear the hoofs of her husband's horse beat a gallop up the London road. The squire would look graver as he stopped his news of the king's doings, and heard of the danger that had threatened all he valued and loved. Be sure the first night he ground his sword sharper, looked to his pistol priming, and placed both weapons near the head of the great plumed and cushioned bed. No disturbance came ♦?hat night, however ; but three nights after the squire and his wife were awoke by alarming sounds, rude thrusts at the oak doors, and loud defiant knocks chal lenging admittance. Mompesson was no coward, so up he leaped, put on his slip pers, struck a light, snatched up his pistols, and down the warning stairs, that creaked as if they were frightened, he went. The hands were still beating angrily at the hall-door, so he, angry and ready to give whoever was there sudden death, in the shape of two bullets, threw the door open and held his lantern out sideways into the darkness, at which he pointed his weapon. But no savage faee met his. There was no one — nothing but the vast, mute darkness, that receded continually before the light he carried. As he stood there the knocking began again at another door. Sure now of where the impudent thieves were, and eager to attack them, Mompesson flung back the bolts, And dashed open the second door, expecting a rush of furious men as he did so, and calling probably to his tardy serving-men for help. But again there was only the fe darkness, and a sense of alarm and super ? stitious creeping horror now began to i steal over I?'' He went round the house and examined every door and win dow. There was nothing ; yet still a cer tain distant, hollow, and unaccountable sound struck his ear. Just as he got back into bed, and was talking over the extraordinary occurrence with Ms wife, a remarkable thumping and drumming broke out on the very top of the house, which, conveniently for these SDiritual demonstrations, was built almost c-nt«.iij - wood. It was now but too e-v.u£-i+ '* Mompesson that sword and o lotoi ^ineffectual against such an in truder, and that the spirit pf the beggar drummer was bent on taking a, ghastly and terrible revenge. ; i ... The noise generally returned when everything was shut tip and the house was settling , down to sleep. After a month's knocking at outer doors, and in the open air, the sounds grew bolder, and came into the room where the fatal drum lay. They were usually heard four or. five nights in seven, beginning when the family was safe in bed, and continuing for about two.. 'hours, .that is to say, till the drummer himself (probably some artful servant or accomplice concealed behind a panel) grew tired. The disturb ance usually commenced with what con temporaneous writers vaguely call 'a hurling in the air over the house,' and concluded by a beating of the drum as at the breaking up, of a guard. This agreeable nocturnal visitor continued his distracting drummings for two months, during all which time Mr. Mompesson, perspiring profusely with fear, listened to_ it nightly with strained ears Whoever was the cheat, the ghostly drummer had evidently been a soldier, for he played well-known old Cavalier points of . war, and the different tattoos. During Mrs. Mompesson's subsequent confinement, and three weeks after, the drummer, no doubtfrom sheer compassion, ceased his maddening parchment music. After this the old malice again broke out, and the ghostly drummer raged again, worse than bef oi-e, particularly tormenting the children — an unworthy occupation evenforadevil. In the dark their bedsteads were shaken, so that people in the room expected they would fall to pieces. Those who touohed the beds at the time this was going on, could feel the shaking, but could not feel any ghostly blows at any special point. Then came dreadful scratchings under the children's beds, as if by some terrible creature with iron claws. Sometimes the frightened children would be lifted up in their beds, and whatever room they went to the annoy ance continued. The drummer and his crew became at last so unbearable, that a clergyman was sent for to exorcise these untoward spirits. When he arrived, grave and important, and had been duly refreshed with good sherry, he knelt down at ? the children's bedsides, and read suitable prayers, suffi cient to have started any respectable ghost post- haste to the Red Sea. The spirit was, evidently, a good Church of England ghost, for it withdrew into the cock-loft while the prayers were being read, and ceased all scratchings and liftings of beds. But prayers over, the drummer grew more outrageous than ever, and defied all religious purgations. In the presence of an aghast company the chairs walked about the room by themselves, and the children's shoes were thrown over peop'e's heads. Every loose thing in the chamber began to fly about, and even a bedstaff was gently thrown at the astonished minister, on whose legs it fell soft as a lock of wool, and sank] to the ground without rolling. Mr. Mompesson perceiving that the evil spirit especially persecuted his poor children, sent them to lodge at a neigh bor's house, taking his eldest daughter, a child of ten, into his own chamber, which the drummer had not disturbed for a month before. As soon, however, as the child was snug in bed, relying on its safety, in its father's room, the cruel drum mer again began his pranks, answering questions by raps on the drum. It was also noted, with horror, that the terror at the knocking spread like an infection to even the animals ; for when the noise was loudest, and burst out with the most sudden and surprising violence, no dog about the house would move, though the rapping was so violent, and boisterous, and rude, that it could be heard, like some gigantic death-watch, far across the fields, and even awakened . neighbors of the Monipessons in the village, which was at some distance. On the 1st of November, 1662, the spirit displayed himself in a new character. A serving-man, wlio was in the children's room listening to the supernatural sounds then raging, suddenly, in the full daylight, ' and in the presence of a crowd of frightened neighbors, observed two of the floor-planks move. Upon this he half mockingly asked the spirit to give him one of them. Instantly the board glided within a yard of him He then said defiantly, and proud of the response to his wish, ' Let me have it in my hand,' upon which it pushed close to him. He thrust it back several times, but each time it returned to him. This trick the ghostly plank repeated twenty times, till Mr. Mompesson, rlialilring any commu nication with the spirit that tormented the house, 'forbade such familiarities.?' That same day a sulphurous smell spread through the room, proving clearly to those simple Wiltshire people that the whole affair was diabolical in its origin. Soon after that, the neigh bor's house in which the children were, being full of visitors, beds were made up for the little ones in the parlor, Tehich no ghostly sounds had yet dis turbed. Very soon here invisible hands began in the darkness to pluck them by the hair and night-clothes, bu4; no drum mings were heard About the end of December, 3662, the drummer seemed to grow tired, but there wa3 next nightly heard a noise like the jingling of money, and tossing and clash ing of coins. It was soon remembered that Mr. Mompesson's mother had, the day before thesesounds began, been joking about the money fairies were sometimes said to leave to favored persons, saying that, if the drummer would only leave some money to pay for the trouble. he had caused them, she would forgive him. After this the spirit took to small mis chievous tricks. On Christmas Eve, a little before dajr, one of the younger boys getting out of bed in the half -darkness, was hit upon a sore part of his heel with the latch of the door ; a latch, moreover, peculiarly difficult to unfasten. The night after Christmas Day, the clothes of old Mrs. Mompesson were thrown about the room, and her Bible was hidden in the ashes. The spirit then began to persecute John, a servant of Mr. Mompesson, 'a stout fellow and of sober conversation.' For several nights together, hands tore the bed-clothes off him, or, if he held them fas , struggled with liiiy for them. Sometimes his shoes were thrown at his head, or lie was held as if bound hand and' foot.' But, He abeays found that when he readied for his sword and struck round with it, lie became free, a certain proof, to any one not blinded by super stition, that the spirit:was mete flesh and blood after alL ,..'' \ . A short time after this, a son of Mr.' Bennet, a' neighbor of Mr. Mompesson, with whom the drummer had once worked, came andr stopped a night at Ted worth, and told Mompesson of threats the drummer had uttered when he was arrested. His servant slept with John the persecuted. That night, as soon as they were in bed, the drum was beat violently in Mr. Bennet's room, upon which he rose and called his man. The moment the. man had gone, John heard a rustling sound in his chamber, and some body, as if dressed in silk, came to his bedside. The fellow instantly reached for his sword, usually so efficacious, but, to Tiis horror, he found it held firmly from __ him, and it was only with much difficulty and tugging that he at, last, got; it in his grasp ; and, as soon as; lie! had, the spirit, whose incorporeal essence seemed always to dread cold steel, at once left him. The spirit was versatile; Early in January, 1663, there began to be a sing ing in the chimney before the spirit ap peared. One night lights like corpse candles were seen about the tormented house. A blue and glimmering flame came into Mr. Mompesson's chamber, and those who saw it felt a pain in the eyes. After the light some one, appa rently without shoes, was heard coming up the stairs. The light was seen four or five times in the children's rooms, and the doors were opened and shut at least ten times. When they were opened half a dozen persons seemed to enter and walk round the room, and Mr. Mompesson himself heard the rustling of silk. At last the spirit openly avowed Ms evil de sign. During the knocking a gentleman who, with Sir Thomas Chamberlain and others, was present, said boldly, ' Satan, if the drummer set thee to work, give three knocks, and no more.' Three knocks, and no more, were then at once distinctly given. The gentleman knocked again after that to see if it would answer him as usual, but it did not. He then bid it, if it were the drummer, to give Pour knocks, and no more, that night, which it did, and left the house quiet all the night after. On Saturday morning, January the LOth, an hour before day, the ghost beat outside Mr. Mompesson's chamber, then went to the other end of the house, where 3ome gentlemen visitors were, played four or five tunes at the door, then passed away. The next night, a blacksmith from ledworth sleeping with Johd the servant, there was a noise in the room as of shoe ing a horse, and something came like a pair of pincers, and snipped at the smith's nose half the night. It was now uni versally allowed in Wiltshire that the ragrant drummer had bewitched Mr. Mompesson's house and household, and jountiess visitors came to see the place ind hear the sounds. The possibility of their being caused by some knavish ser vant, acquainted with secret passages in the walls or roof, seems to have been en tirely ignored,. except by a few stubborn sceptics, who fro-.n the beginning declared the whole affair to be a rank imposture. New manifestations soon appeared as the tricksters grew more daring. One morning Mr. Mompesson, rising to go a journey, heard a great noise below, where the children lay, and, running down with i pistol in his hand, heard the cry of ' A. witch! a witch!' but on his entrance all became quiet. The ghost that feared cold jteel seems also to have had a respect for hot lead. One night, after playing many apish tricks at the foot of Mr. Mompesson's bed, the ghost went to one of his laughters' beds, and passed under several times, lifting up the bed as it passed, rhere were three kinds of noises heard in the bed, and on thrusting at the ghost with a sword, it seemed to shift and avoid the thrust, but still continued the move ment. The night after it came panting like a tired dog. On a servant taking up a. bedstaff to strike at the invisible in truder, the staff was snatched out of her hand and thrown away ; and when visitors same up to see the room there was a sul phurous smell and a heat, though it was 3harp winter at the time. The spirit kept up this . panting and scratching for an hour and a half, then went into the next chamber and knocked a little, and seemed to rattle a chair. This was done for two 3r three nights together. After this the aid lady's Bible' was again found in the wood ashes. The next night the Mom pessons strewed ashes over the room to 3ee what footprints would be left, and the next morning found, to their horror, the print of a large claw, some unintelligible Letters, and many circles and scratches. About this time a distinguished visitor came to Tedworth — no less a person than the Reverend Joseph Glanvil, chaplain in ordinary to His Most Worthless Majesty Charles the Second, a Fellow of the Royal Society, and an intimate friend of Baxter and Mr. Boyle. He came, full of cre dulity, to investigate the case and report on the remarkable phenomena. ' I went to bed,' he says, ' the night J. was there, about eight of the clock, when a maid servant, coming down' from the children, told us that it was come. The neighbors that were there, and two minis ters who had seen and heard it divers times, went away, but Mr. Mompesson, I, and a gentleman that came with me, went iip'.' I heard a strange scratching as I went up the stairs,. and, when we came into the room, I perceived it was just ber hind the bolster of the children's bed, and seemed to be against the tick.' It was as loud' a scratching as one with long nails could make, upon a bolster. There were two little girls in the bed, between seven and eight years old, as I guessed. I saw their hands out of the clothes, and they could; npt contribute to the noise that was behind their heads. They had grown used to it, And had still somebody ot other in the chambers with them, and, therefore, seemed not to be much af frighted. I, standing at the bed's head, thrust my hand behind the bolster, stretching it to the place where the noise seemed to come, whereupon the noise ceased there, but was heard in another part of the bed ; but when I had taken out my hand it returned, and was heard in the same place as before. I had been . told it would imitate noises, and made trial by scratching several times, upon the , sheet, as five, and seven, and ten, wMch it followed, and then stopped at my num ber. I searched -under and behind the bed, turned tip the clothes to the bed cords, pushed the bolster, sounded the wall behind, and made all the search I possibly could to find if there were any trick, contrivance, or common cause of it. The like did my friend, but. we could dis cover nothing. So that I was then verily persuaded, and am so still, that the noise was made by some demon or spirit. -After it had scratched about half an hour or more, it went into the middle of the bed under the children, and there seemed to pant, like a dog out of breath, very loudly. I put my hand upon the place, and felt the bed bearing up against it as if something within had thrust it up. I grasped the feathers to feel if anything living was in it. I looked under and everywhere about to see if there were any dog or cat, ot any such creature, in the room, and so we all did, but found nothing. The motion caused by the pant ing was so strong that it shook the room and windows very sensibly. It continued thus more than half an hour, while my friend and I stayed in the room, and ' as long after, as we were told; During the panting I chanced to see something (which I thought was a rat or mouse) moving in a linen bag that hung up against another bed that was in the room. I stepped and caught it by the upper end with one hand, with wMch I held it, and drew it through the other, but found nothing at all in it. There was nobody near to shake the bag, or if there had, no one could have made such a motion, which seemed to be from within, as if a living creature had moved it ? It will then be said by some that my friend and I were under some affright, and so fancied noises and sights that were not. TMs is the eternal evasion. But if it be possible to know how a man is af fected when in fear, and when uncon cerned, I certainly know, for my own 'part, that during the whole time of my being in the room and in the house, I was under no more affrightment than I am now while I write this relation. And if I know that I am now awake, and that I see the objects that are before me, I know that I heard and saw the par ticulars I have told. There is, I am sen sible, no great matter for story in them, but there is so much as convinceth me that there was something extraordinary, and what we usually call preternatural, in the business.' That same night Mr. Glanvil and his friend slept in the haunted chamber, and slept well ; but about four o'clock in the morning a great knocking came, just without their chamber door. Glanvil started up and asked who was there several times, but the knocking still con tinued. At last, mustering courage, Mr. Glanvil said — ' In the name of God, who is it, and what would you have?' To which a voice answered, ' Nothing with you.' Taking it to be a servant who had mis taken the door, Mr. Glanvil then lay down and went to sleep. But on telling Mr. Mompesson at breakfast, he was as sured that no servant slept near that room, or had business there, and that none of the servants were up till after daybreak. Nor did the supernatural events of that night end there. For pre sently one of Mr. Glanvil's servants came and told him that his horse was all in a sweat, and seemed to have been ridden all night. The groom being asked, said it had been well fed and dressed as usual ; but that day, after a mile or two only over plain down, the horse fell lame, and died in two or three days after the com pletion of the journey. The disturbances now grew worse than ever. Lights came in the morning into the children's chamber, and voices cried ' A witch ! a witch !' for a hundred times together. Another time, in the daylight, Mr. Mompesson, seeing some wood move in the chimney of the room where he was, discharged a pistol at it, and (no doubt Mtting the rat that caused the move ment) soon after found several drops of blood on the hearth and on the stairs. For two or three nights after that the ghost was quiet ; then it came again and began to torment a little child just taken from, nurse. It would not let the child sleep for two nights together, and if candles came into the room they were carried away high up the chimney, or thrown under the bed. The ghost nearly fright ened the child to death by leaping upon it, so that again the children had all to be removed. The next night, sometMng, about midnight, came up the stairs and knocked at Mr. Mompesson's door ; but he lying still, it went up another pair of stairs to ihe man's chamber, and to John it appeared, in what shape and propor tion he could never correctly describe, but large, and with two red glaring eyes fixed steadily upon him., of that he was sure. It then quietly disappeared. Another night, when strangers were present, it purred like a cat in the chil dren's bed, and lifted up the clothes and the children, though six men held them down. The children were then removed to a second bed, that the first might' be ripped open, but the ? annoy ance began again worse than be fore. TMs continued four hours, till the children getting their legs bruised against the bedposts, h&L; to rise and sit up all night. At other times ashes were strewn in the bed, and one night a long pike-iron was placed in Mr. Mompesson's bed, and in his mother's a naked knife upright. In April, 1663, a gentleman staying with the Mompessons. found one morning that all the money in ; his pocket had turned black in the night, and a few days ' after Mr. Mompesson discovered his favo rite horse in the stable with one of its Mnd feet jammed in its mouth. Later in the monthf- for Severn! flights together, Tedworth House was beset with seven or eight ghostly shapes, wluch, when a gun; was discharged, shuffled away together! into an arbour and disappeared. ' In the mean time the real drummer had been going from had to worse, and was at last committed to Gloucester Jail s for stealing. While in that place of du rance, a Wiltshire man came to tho 1 prison from curiosity, and the warlock asked what news there' was in Wiltshire. The visitor said, 'No newB.' ? ' ' :No,' quoth the = drummer. -;;' Did you not hear of the drumming at a gentle man's house at -Sedworth?' :? .' Yes, IVe heard enough of that,' said the ^Wiltshire man. . . ' ' ' 'Ay,' replied' the drummer, 'I've plagued him, and he shall' .lieveritie quiet ? till ;he hath made me. satisfaction for taking away my druml' ': Upon this being reported to Mr. Mom pesson, the .man was taken and tried for a wizard at Salisbury., The- drummer was indicted under .the Act (first James the First, chapter -twelve)1 against any one who fed, employed, or rewarded any evil spirit. The Grand Jury found a true bill, but the Petty Jury acquitted him, though it proved that he had boasted of books he had bought from an old wizard: While in prison the drummer sent to Mr. Mompesson to say, if he would give him leave to work for him as a harvest-man, he did not question that he could do him good in the matter of the noises. To thiB the Wiltshire squire, with discreet horror of wizards and witches, prudently replied that he knew the man could do him no good in any honest way, and therefore he would none of Mm. Soon after this, Mr. Hill, a friend of Mr. Mompesson, told the story of the drummer to a Somersetshire quack doctor. This man assured Mm that Tedworth house had become a rendezvous of witches, and that for a hundred pounds he would undertake to rid the house of all dis turbances. He then, to prove his power, took up a looking-glass that was in the room, and asked Mr. Hill whom, he de sired to see. Mr. Hill replied Ms wife, who was then many miles distant. He looked, and at once saw in the glass the exact image of his wife, working at her needle. ' The gentlemanhimself,'says Glanvil, 'averred that to me, and he is a very sober, intelligent,, and credible person.' After about two years' vexation the ghostly Tedworth drummer finally laid down his obnoxious instrument. Mr. Mompesson was much annoyed at the time by reports that the noises were the result of mere imposture, and wrote a publii announcement denying that he had ever made any such confession. He really seems to have been an honest man, fully im pressed with b, belief in the supernatural character of the visitation. Mr. Glanvil says of him — ' He is a gentleman of whose truth in this account I have not the least ground of suspicion, be being neither vain nor credulous, but a discreet, sagacious, and manly person, neither crazy Dor imaginative.' He suffered by the affair in Ms name, estate, and general peace of Ms family. Sceptics called him an impostor. Many others declared his misfortune to be the judgment of God against him for some notorious wicked ness or impiety. His estate was injured by the concourse of visitors, and servants could hardly be induced to live with him. The king Mmself sent gentlemen t@ hear the noises, but nothing was seen or heard that night — a fact wMch delighted the disbelievers. The whole story is a very remarkable instance of a long-sustained, apparently purposeless, yet successful imposture, and is a good example of the superstitions prevalent in the reign of Charles the Second. The noise seems to have been the result of some secret conspiracy of servants, whose intimate knowledge of the nooks and crannies of the house pro- bably rendered them able to constantly vex and alarm the inmates, especially when the notion of ghosts and witches had been once started, and confirmed by the rapping. The rats, with whom the old wooden house was no doubt full, pro- bably played a subordinate but important part in the same supernatural visitation. Addison afterwards wrote a comedy on this vexatious imposture. — All the Year Round. ? ♦ 