NEWS GLEANINGS. Libertinism.—The seducer is, unquestion ably, a criminal of the blackest dye. His misdeeds in most cases may not bring him within the grasp of the law, but they are abhorred and reprobated by all honourable men. It is perfectly natural that this should be so, because there is something specially revolting to the finer sensibilities of the human mind in the idea of masking the last and most irreparable outrage that can be in- dicted on a confiding woman under the guise of affection. The man who coolly and syste matically sets out to win the love of an innocent and artless young girl, with the deliberate intention of robbing her of her virtue, and then leaving her to the sneers of a callous world, is simply guilty of the lowest depth of baseness to which iniquity can descend. He may still carry his head high in the world, and walk among his fellow-men as though he were above reproach; but in the secret recesses of his heart, unless his con science is utterly stifled, he must carry a remorse sufficient to embitter his whole life. He may pretend to be honourable in all his business dealings, and, perhaps, may be more than ordinarily censorious on those unhappy beings whom temptation leads from the path, of rectitude; but he must know that his own soul is branded with the stamp of sin far fouler and more hateful in the sight of heaven than that which he affects to condemn. When we consider the social and moral mischief wrought by the professional seducer, instead of wondering that honourable men and virtuous women despise him so intensely, we are struck with astonishment at beholding the toleration shown to him. It is a well-known fact that, save and except in strictly religious circles, the seducer is not looked upon with the repug nance he ought to create. In the society of his male friends he is so sure of meeting, if not approbation, at least toleration, that he not unfrequently boasts of his exploits as things of which he has reason to he proud. And while in the presence of his lady acquaintances, although all reference to his profligacy is, of course, rigidly tabooed, yet the consciousness that they are aware of his character, and that it only invests him with additional interest in their eyes, is a sort of encouragement and support to him. But while the criminal is thus gently dealt with, his victim is treated with a harshness next to savagery, which forms a most remarkable contrast. If she is not actually cast out from her parents' roof, as is often the case, she becomes outlawed from the com panionship of her acquaintances; her very touch is deemed contamination by the pure of her sex, and if she does not gravitate to the very abyss of degradation, she is doomed to spend a cheerless and forlorn life without joy or solace. Her repentance avails her but little before &ny; human tribunal; it is only remem bered for her by Him who protected the erring woman from the violence of the stern men who sought to bury her shame in death. It is strange that the laws, which defend a man's property in the smallest particular from any unjust interference, afford positively no redress for the greatest of all wrongs. The seducer is held to be blameless unless the breach of some special contract can be proved, or unless pecuniary loss through "deprivation of services" on the part of the unhappy victim can be established. This is the reason why so few, comparatively speaking, of the "gay Lotharios" who infest society are made to answer for their conduct in a Court of Law. The heart-broken relatives of the ruined girl cannot bear to have the fair fame of their loved one estimated according to the money lost through her inability to perform her accustomed labour, whatever it may be. Re dress, then, is left to be sought by the avenging arm of a father, a brother, or some near relative. The revolver in most instances brings the seducer to account, and for ever deprives him of the ability to pursue his villanies any further. This seems terrible, for it certainly is awful to reflect that assassination is the only efficient mode of punishing a wrong doer and redressing a grievous injustice; but it must be so until the laws of the land are so reformed that the thief who robs a maiden of her honour will receive at least the same punishment as the thief who merely purloins a watch or purse. Till then public opinion will always support the man who exacts the last satisfaction from the betrayer of those he loves. —San Francisco Chronicle. The Sham Sovereign and Note CmcrfiBs. —The New York papers gave an account of the capture of some of the swindling firms who have been sending circulars to England offering to supply counterfeit sovereigns in large quanti ties. These persons have, it appears from their books which have been seized by the police, been making very large profits—sometimes as much as £800 a day—by supplying forged notes at the rate of §100 for eveiy §5 of hard cash remitted to them. Their plan was, it appears, to obtain from all parts of the country the names of the most likely dupes, and to tempt them with circulars, seating that the forgeries were such as to defy detection; that the orders for them, accompanied by a remit tance, were to be addressed to the firm as if for so many hundred cigars; and that the required quantity would be forwarded by express. In return, nothing was sent but boxes of rubbish, and the victims were obliged to remain quiet, or avow their own criminality. Many of the letters of persons who had thus been duped were found on the premises of the firms, and have beenpub hshed, with the names in full, in the New York Stat. Among them is one from an agent of an Express Company, offering to aid the swindlers in their operations; another is from a writer who states himself to be & member of the Tennessee Legislature: another is from a resident in the State of Georgia, who is confident he can pass off a great many amee^r the negroes; another is from one of the keepers in a State prison; and another is from an " attorney and oonncillor-at law" in the State of Georgia, who describes him self as a member of Congress, and oonseauently an " honourable." The business was carried on in the most regular manner; there was a " cor respondence department," also a " mailing department," &©., and in one of the establish ments at the time of seizure there were sacks containing about 10,000 letters from persons in all parts of the Union. The experimentof offering to sell counterfeit sovereigns appears to have been only lately tried. These coins, it was stated in the circulars, would be made of aluminium, and would be found precisely similar to gold, in every respect, except that the aluminium being one twelfth less in weight, they were obliged to be made a little thicker than the genuine coin. Their manufacture would, it was stated, be superintended by a person who worked in the British Mint for IS years, and they were offered at the price of £2 for 20 sovereigns, or if a quantity wore taken, at something less. How for the sohemo succeeded in England is not yet known, but if any dupes were found, there will now bo a great probability of their names and addresses being published. Pocket Pencil Light.—Under the above name and startling Leading, a new article lias just been brought before the public. Iu form it resembles a pencil-case, but in place of a lead it is furnished with a taper, so prepared that (unlike ordinary matches, which can only be lit once) it will continue to light every time it is struck. To use it an eighth of an inch of the lead (or "lighter" as the patentee terms it) is propelled out of the end of the holder, iu tho same manner as the lead iu a pencil-case, and on. striking it on any hard surface (like a match) it ignites and burns with a clear flame for a minute or so, which may be either continued at pleasure, or instantaneously extinguished by a single turn of the bottom of the holder, or if left alone it burns itself out. After being extin guished, if another light is required a turn of the bottom of the holder propels the lighter fox-ward another eighth of an inch, which may be again ignited as before, and this may be repeated an indefinite number of times, until the whole of the lighter is exhausted, when two little clasps will be found to bave propelled themselves forward ready to receive a now lighter, which, without the least trouble, is instantaneously withdrawn into tho holder ready for use again. Each lead or lighter (retailing at one penny) may be ignited 25 to 30 times. These lighters, it is said, can not be blown out, and are not affected by any amount of damp or wet, and give off no sparks —valuable properties, which will recommend them to the public j and, being carefully covered with a chemical fireproof varnish, they may be handled in any way with complete impunity, and may be shipped or stocked with the assurance of the most perfect safety, bat should not be ignited except in the holder. The holders are very tastefully get up in the best quality of aluminium gold and German silver. They will form a valuable addition to the pockets of every one requiring a_ temporary light for any purpose, such as lighting a cigar cr pipe, or the gas or a candle, or to SOB the time by night. If not at present quite as cheap as the commonest description of matches, they are certainly a very compact, elegant, con venient, and handy source of a temporary light, and augur the commencement of a complete revolution in the match trade. They will quickly occupy the same position with regard to the common wooden or wax match as tho pencil-cases now in use do to the old- fashioned wooden pencils. The patentees and sole manu facturers of these lighters are Messrs. Samuel ■ and Peace, of Liverpool. sm R. G. MacDonnell, K.C.B., C.M.G.— The «ccount that Sir Richard Graves Mae Botmell, formerly Governor of South. Australia, W had conferred on him the distingnitiiecL honour of Knight Commander of the Order of St. Michael and St. George, has excited no very marked satisfaction in Hongkong, the present seat of his government. The Overland, <Jhim Mail accepts the fact in a spirit of quiet resignation, and treats its readers to a short essay comprising what it knows of South Australian history during the inauguration of the new Constitution. " Sir Richard," it says, "was Governor of South Australia — contemporary with Sir Henry Barkly in Victoria—when the principle of local self-government was introduced into the south eastern group of the Australian settlements. That was a time of severe trial for all Australian Governors in those parts; and though Sir Sichard MacDonnell had by far the most trac table population to deal with—agricultural in pursuits, and comprising many German immi grants to whom English politics were a riddle— still he no doubt had many difficulties to con tend against, and when his term of service expired he left the colony in a flourishing and internally peaceful condition. With Sir Henry Barkly the case was different — as -different as their subsequent careers have been. Sir Henry had to rule the passions of a wild democracy suddenly attracted from all ^ parts of the world by the treasures of the "Victorian gold fields, and to remedy the faults of his pre decessors. By comparison Sir Bichard was a dogmatic shepherd of sheep; Sir Henry was a suave, but withal upon occasion a stern and diplomatic ruler of men; and at the present day South Australia is the most passionless and agricultural, as Victoria is the most politically active and industrial, of the Australian group. "We follow their respective contemporary Go vernors into a similar category and classifica ■ tion. Sir Henry Barkly was transferred to the Mauritius, and having won ' golden opinions' there, is now in charge of the interests of the Gape of Good Hope. Sir Bichard MacDonnell was relegated from South Australia to Nova Scotia in April, 1864, and transferred thence to Hongkong in October of the following year. It is generally understood that Sir Bichard 'con sented' to accept the Governorship of the latter colony, which is not thought to be much of a prize for an Austra lian Governor. Sir William. Denison, for instance, Governor of Tasmania, was promoted to the seat of New South Wales, thence to Madras, and for a time to Calcutta; Sir Henry : Barkly, as we have said, has successively ; inherited the Mauritius and the Cape; but Sir : Bichard MacDonnell has migrated through the I semi-Arctic region of Nova Scotia to the tropic clime of Hongkong—and he has been made a Knight Commander of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. WelL we dare say, he deserves it. He certainly worked this coloiy out of a desperate condition, and did much to make it decently habitable by the legislation he enforced with respect to registration; but his- name will over be associated in Hongkong with the dis honouring and dishonourable system of the gambling licences—a blot which we heartily wish Sir Richard's escutcheon had escaped." The Press, another paper printed in Hong kong, presumes that the honour con ferred on Sir Richard is granted for services rendered prior to his advent in Hongkong, and then proceeds to disparage His Excel lency for his policy on the gambling licence ouestion—a policy which at the time of its initiation it unhesitatingly approved. Fiz.—Ridley & Co.'s Wine and Spirit and Trade Circular of February 11 has the fol lowing warning to champagne dealers and drinkers:—" The shippers of this charming wine have had manifold difficulties to contend with pending the hostilities carried on in the neighbourhood of their business; but it would appear that war alone is not the only draw lack to peace and quietness. We hear that more than one suit in Chancery is now pending, by which it will be endeavoured to be proved that parties have been shipping to this country large quantities of suppositious champagne, with the brand and general appearance of Messrs. M. & C. and others, while the same soil that bred for France her foemen also matured the grapes and furnished the etceteras with which the counterfeit was manufactured. This is doubly hard, if it be proved, for the very war which has been decimating France is used as a piratical pretext for sending the spurious wines from the ports of Antwerp and Rotterdam—a colourable idea, which might, if undiscovered, have caused great mischief and loss to the plaintiffs both of money and prestige. An unscrupulous enemy having possession of such a province as that of Cham pagne, might revolutionize the trade, and nefariously substitute the German sparkling for that of the soil they hold as hostage; and, although not the right thing either to do or permit, yet we suppose a vinous liquid would be substituted, and, if not quite up to the mark in quality for the palate, "would not interfere with the coats of the stomach. Certain it is that the champagne trade at the moment is a difficult one for all^ con cerned ; still, this is a world of compensations, and there are plenty of good, conscientious, and learned men ever ready to step in ana supply any want that legitimate or morbid cravings call for. The Chemists and, Druggists1 Advocate of the 20th ultimo has kindly fur nished the following article, which we venture to anticipate will -be read at least by the shippers whose names are chosen from, among their fellows with some degree of interest, particularly as the writer has evidently got secret access to their cellars, and discovered the heart of their mystery:—* Manufacture of Champagne.—As the greater part of the cham pagne country has been overrun by the German army, and the exportation of genuine wine can hardly take place for some time to come, the artificial production of this beverage is likely to receive a new impulse. For those who prefer to manufacture their own champagne we append a number of approved recipes:— Eight parts of the best West India sugar to be dissolved in four quarts of distilled water and boiled, and while still hot two quarts of rectified spirits added. This affords what is called champagne liquor, to serve as stock in the manufacture. To prepare the Roederer brand, with green seal and bronze cap, take one portion of the above liquor, one anker white wine, one bottle cognac, and four drops of the oil of wine-beer dissolved in cognac. For Heidsieck, one portion liquor, one anker white wine, one pint cognac. Other varieties are prepared in a similar way, the chief diffi culty being to provide the proper bottle, sealing-wax, and labels. In default of white wine cider is found to answer every purpose, and glycerine can be substituted for sugar.' We hope we shall not be blamed for dis seminating these valuable recipes. Our readers will observe they have been approved, although we are not told by whom, but suppose by the chemists and druggists. If, after taking a tumbler of the beverage, one has not in directly, through one's physician, to apply to these gentry for something as an antidote, he should shake hands with himself and sing praises to his constitution to the end of his days. But these approvers know well that the recipe they present their readers will bring a large harvest of gain to themselves. The Roederer is the most recherche, for his green seal and bronze' cap has * four drops of oil of wine-beer dissolved in one pint of cognac.' We cannot illuminate our readers as to the nature of this oil, but as it is put into an anker of white wine, it must be a powerful assistant in flavouring." Unpublished MSS. op Alexander Dumas. —We desire to speak (says the Daily News of January 30} with all respect of M. Alexander Dumas, whose recent death was scarcely noticed fey his country in the pressure of the great events occurring there. But we learn with some alarm that he left behind him the unpublished MSS. of twenty-three novels and fourteen plays. Remembering something of the manufacture carried on by the Maison Dumas cl Cie., we are not inclined to con gratulate lovers of literature ■ on the prospect which this statement sketches out. Dumas was in the habit of constructing skeleton plots by the dozen, and these were filled in with indifferent flesh and blood by his staff of assistants. If those novels are merely novels in outline—if those plays are but the bones of plays—we are sure his literary executors will not presume to have them clothed and named and sold. But they may put them up to auction as they are. They may dispose of them to novel-writers and dramatists at home and abroad as a mass of useful material At this very moment there are English authors who buy a plot as an artist buys a canvas or a sculptor buys a lump of marble. They regard it, perhaps, as the mere framework or machinery underlying their own charming efforts; although it is sometimes hinted by audiences and critics that the plot of the story or drama is " excellent, and deserves better treatment." Now, if there is a run upon those skeleton novels and plays left by Dumas we may expect^ to see the most extra ordinary productions invade the realms of •Rngligli fiction and drama. We are already unhappily familiar with the strange appear ance of a French play when rt has been chopped about—when it has got its horns and hoofs removed, let us say—and is clothed m respect able and sober English garments. But what of a number of decent Yorkshire folks made to fret and fume their little hour on a French stage,; or a number of puppets of London life made to dSnce upon the wires of M. Dumas? The Polynesian Labour Question.—In his speech opening Parliament at Brisbane, His Excellency the Acting Governor remarks upon this subject as follows :—" The importation of labourers from tbe South Sea Islands, which for some time had almost ceased, has again assumed considerable importance. Despatches will he laid before you showing that the em ployment of these islanders in Queensland has led representations being made to the Secretary of State for the Colonies by doubtless well meaning, hut certainly ^ill-informed persons in England, on the hardships and ill-usage they suppose the islanders to suffer from, and they have even gone to the length of accusing us of encouraging a slave trade. This, as you must all be aware, is a gross and un merited calumny, for the very fact of yoir existence as a Parliament is a sufficient safeguard against acts of oppression within those limits over which the jurisdiction of the colony extends. No complaints have been made by any of the islanders that they have been brought here contrary to their own free will, nor have any instances ocrurred of their not appearing to understand their agreements. To guard, so far as possible, against any irre gularities at the islands, or on the voyage, Government agents are now sent with every ship; but the Government of Queensland cannot he responsible for excesses committed by vessels employed in seeking labourers for other places. Maintaining a proper check over such vessels, and over all vessels cruising among the islands, would appear to be the duty of the Imperial Government. For the fair treatment and proper care of the islanders while here, and their return to their homes, this Government will be respon sible." New Zealand Linen.—The Nelson, Examiner \ of April 4 gives the following interesting infor mation concerning the manufacture of linen in Scotland from New Zealand flax:—"At a meet ing of the Canterbury Flax Association held recently the following memorandum from Mr. De Bourbel was read:—'Mr. Owen Jones, of Auckland, having just come out from England, was with me last night, and he asked me and several others if we could guess what his shirt was made of. I felt the shirt, which was very fine and silky to the touch, and I could hardly believe that it was what he told us—that it was made from New Zealand flax. He then in formed us that some months ago, when he was in London, he went down to Woolwich to see the officers of the 65th and 48th who were quartered there, aud they then shewed him the shirts they were all wearing, which was made from New Zealand flax. He then asked who it was that was making them, and they told him it was an army outfitter at Woolwich. He then went to see him next day, and the outfitter in formed him that he purchased all kinds of bales of New Zealand flax, but principally of the WB brand of Auckland; that he opened the bale, picked out the hanks he required, and sent them up to a manufactory at Dundee to be made into linen; which when sent up he made into shirts, charging 7s. 6cL per shirt, and Is. for the collar. He also said that he had a great run on them from the officers and men of the army," as all the New Zealand officers wore them. The reason the flax shirts were liked so much was that when you had sweated a great deal the flax shirt did net give you a chill as the other kind of shirts when you got cold. Mr. Owen Jones then purchased two dozen shirts, and likes them so much that he refuses to wear any other. They take the colour well, and would wear out six of the linen shirts. I may as well state that Mr. Jones has promised to send me a shirt as -soon as he gets back to Auckland to give to the Flax Association, together with the outfitter's circular at Wool wich. I need only add that the information now given is of the greatest importance to the whole of New Zealand, for here it is proved that from the flax dressed by machinery can linen be at once manufactured, and not from Maori dressed flax, as was always supposed; aud I hope that all our importers of soft goods will at once, as soon as we receive the outfitter's circular, send to him for a consignment of flax shirts, and which I am quite certain will be pin-chased at once." Gun-Cartstages. — A colonial modification of the Moncreiff gun-carnage has been recently brought forward by a Mr. H. W. Menere, who (reports the Argus), besides submitting his invention to the Board appointed by the Go vernment to consider such matters, lias caused some well-finished models to be constructed, and these he publicly exhibited on May 10 in the Polytechnic Hall in the morning, and in the evening in one of the lobbies of the Legislative Assembly. Mr. Menere has adopted the Mon creiff principle, whereby the gun is balanced by a counterpoise of nearly equal weight, so that the recoil of the gun causes the weight to rise and the gun to sink, the reverse movement being equally easy; but he contends that he has made many improvements. His model carries the gun much higher, and this, it is contended, allows the "pit" in which it is to be worked to be so much deeper, and consequently safer for the gunners. After being fired its recoil is esti mated to carry it down to (he loading position by two movements. The first of these is in a semi-circular direction, and supposing that when the gun has reached the lowest possible point the recoil is not exhausted, the gun is further carried in a lateral direction up an inclined plane. This is, in fact, the principal difference between Mr. Menere and Captain Moncreiff, and the value of the change can only by ascertained by actual trials. It is im portant to mention that by this double means of disposing of the recoil the difference between a saluting charge and a full battering'charge of powder is supposed to be nearly lost. The other assumed improvements effected by Mr. Menere are that his gun- carriage is to be made of wood instead of iron, and will therefore be less expen sive; that the counterpoise weight is in sections, and can be reduced at pleasure; that the car riage, being of less complex construction, is less liable to derangement by a stray shot or shell; and that the whole apparatus, being lighter than the Moncreiff, is less liable to damage from a sudden jar. Mr. Menere has added to the invention above described a means of laying transverse rails, so that, supposing an exca vation along a line of snore for the purposes of these guns, they can be run from point to point and a fresh range opened without delay. A Pensiue Mans Practise.—This is the title of a small volume printed in 1612, kindly lent to us by the owner. It is partly m black letter and partly in Roman type. The body of the work consists of prayers, pious reflections, holy ejaculations, devout admonitions, and fervid poetic effusions, adapted to the various exigencies of life. The author was evidently a man of great unction in bis day and generation. The book contains also a curious "almanacke" showing the exact day on which the most memorable events occurred in ancient history, commencing about the year 4004 B.C. An estimate of the writer's ability as a poet may be formed from the following acrostic upon bis Dame, with which the work concludes:— "I In pensiue plight I put my pen to proue, O Of slender skill, What profit might arise, H His heauenly best To please, who sits aboue: N Now here set forth Before thy zealous eies. N Naught worth the phrase, Or finenesse I confesse, O Or for bis wisedome Who compiled it; R Regard it yet _ (0 Reader) nathelesse, D Disdaine it not, The matter is but fit, £ Each heart to' haue And hold in price I know: N Now wish me wise Be not in speech my foe. FAR EVVELL " Omnitt in hec vno versatur summa libroru, Csalestem toto corde timere Deum." The work appears to be in the original binding. Free Schools.—At the meeting of the Tas manian Board of Education, held in Hobart Town on March 1, the members considered rules and regulations for the free schools. The following were adopted:—" 1. In order to make better provision for the education of neglected children, the Board have resolved to establish a free school in the building known as the Infant School, Murray- street, for the reception of children for whom no fees are paid by their parents or guardians, such children to be ad mitted upon the order of any Local School Board in Hobart Town, or of any officer ap pointed by the Board of Education for the pur pose. 2. On and after March 31,1871, the Board will discontinue payment of capitation fees for children in. the public schools in Hobart Town, except upon a certificate from the Loeal Board to the effect that a sum equal to one-half of the cost of the instruction, calculated at 3d. per week for each child, has been paid to the teacher by the parents or guardians of such children, or from other sources. 3. No teachers in any free school shall be allowed to receive school fees for or on account of any children attending such school, but their fixed salaries will be supplemented by such allowances as the Board may from time to time direct. 4. Any children who shall have reached a standard of proficiency qualifying them for class 4, as defined by the programme of instruction, may, with the approval of the Board Of Education, be transferred from a free school to any ordinary public school." An Old and Ludicrous Ceremony.—A late issue of the London Daily Telegraph, referring to the opening of theParliament, says:—" Surely the gloomy fanatic who, in the reign of James I., so nearly succeeded in blowing up the House of Lords and Commons must have been related to the horrific personage whose effigy, dread fully hirsute, and with a coil of steel spring instead of a stomach, is still visible in some of our toyshop windows. There is a curious affinity between Guy Fawkes and a 'Jack in the Box,' You shut Jack down in his coffer; you forget all about him; but some day an indiscreet or a mis chievous hand unfastens the box, and up starts Jack, more preposterously ugly than ever. He is irrepressible—and so is Guy Fawkes. We hanged, drew, and quartered Guy; yet that didn't settle him. We found out that his name wasn't Guy or Fawkes at all, but Guido Vaux; and even that discovery did not avail us. _We have discontinued 5th of November services, discouraged 5th of November processions, and put down bonfires and Bquib-throwing by the strong arm of the law. Notwithstanding all our efforts, the incorrigible conspirator continues from time to time to fly up in our faces; and it almost passes belief to hear that Guy Fawkes was made the excuse for a solemn Parliamentary perquisition in the vaults of the Palace at Westminster. It has been the custom ever since the discovery of the Gunpowder Plot in 1605 to search beneath the Houses of Par liament just before they are opened, and to make sure that there are no barrels of gunpowder stowed away by the ghost of Guy. This, ancient and interesting ceremony was performed by a party of Her Majesty's Yeomen of the Guard, under the command of Captain Morey, with sundry of the bizarre creatures called ' Marshal men,' and other officials of .the House. The procession by lantern-light through the vaulted chambers had, it is said, a highly picturesque effect; but we cannot err, we should say, in assuming that the searchers did not find any explosive materials; that the 'picturesque effect' was not heightened by the apparition of Guy Fawkes ingropriQ, persona, withlurid flames issuing from Ins -eyeless sockets ; and that, in fine, nothing was found save, perhaps, a few cobwebs and a mare's nest. Is it not time that such ridiculous mummery should be done away with ? If the vaults of the House must be examined, would not a couple of police-eon stables be adequate to the performance of the task?" How Icebergs are Formed.—The Phila delphia Photographer contained not, long iSnce an article by Mr. Dunmore, the photographist, who accompanied a recent expedition to Green land, and who has given a very interesting description of its glaciers. He tells that " the glacier comes moving slowly down from the mountains, a great river of ice, thousands of feet deep, sometimes ten miles wide, to the fiord or bay at the foot of the mountain. The Alpine glaciers roll down into the warm valleys, and there, warmed by the sun, melt away like a piece ef wax before a candle, and form brooks and rivers. But in Greenland they cannot do this, it is too cold. Therefore, as the ice at the mouth of the glacier is pushed forward to the water's edge it must break off in pieces and fall in; and such pieces are icebergs. When they break off the glacier it is said by the natives ' to calve,' or the ' iceberg is born.' I can give you no idea of what a beautiful sight it is to see an iceberg break off; but we, who have seen it, will never forget it. Think of a mass of ice as big as the space of ground covered by a whole city falling into the sea, and of the tremendous crash that occurs when it breaks away from its fellows, and they give it a parting salute as they groan and growl their last fare well. How, see the waves leap up 40 feet into the air, washing and lashing the glacier with spray, and sweeping everything away not strong enongh to bear the shock. Then watch the new born berg as it rocks in the sea like a huge por poise, up and down, dropping here and there portions of itself, which dive down and reappear in all directions, and you can imagine family what it is to see a glacier ' calve an iceberg.' It is a long time before the trouble of the water ends, or before the new-horn babe ceases to be rocked, and is still enough to have its photograph taken." The iceberg referred to in this extract was two miles wide, and apparently hundreds of miles in length, with a depth varying from five to eight hundred feet. The photographer and Lis party clambered up its steep sides, travelled six miles along tbe top of it, ate their dinner on its summit, and then returned to their vessel. Accident to an Actress.—The Brisbane Examiner records " a very serious accident which occurred to Miss Eliza Wilson at the Alexandra Theatre very lately, the particulars of which were as follows—During the third act of 'Truth and Falsehood,' attention was attracted by a loud scream from one of the dressing-rooms. Mr. Lionel Harding, who was standing at one of the wings, instantly rushed to the spot from whence the cry proceeded, and was horrified to perceive that the unfortunate young actress's dress was on fire. Tearing down a curtain, he enveloped Miss Wilson in its folds, in order, if possible, to quell the flames. No sooner, how. ever, did she feel thefire in contact with her body, than, giving vent to another piercing scream, she tore the curtain off her, and breaking away, rushed on to the stage towards Miss Rosa Cooper, when the consequences would have been still more disastrous had it not been for the timely presence ef mind displayed by Mr. Creagh, who, perceiving that Miss Cooper's dress had already caught fire, tore it off, and pushed her from the burning girl. By this time several others had arrived to render assistance, who pulled Miss Wilson off the stage, threw her down, and wrapped a second covering round her, which speedily extinguished the flames, not, however, before the unfortunate sufferer had been very severely burnt in various portions of her body, more particularly about the breast, arms, and legs. Mr. Harding then came for ward and announced that in consequence of the sad accident tbe burlesque would not be pro ceeded with. Miss Wilson was speedily con veyed home, where she was attended by Dr. Emmelhainz, who states that the injuries re ceived, although of a very serious nature, are not, he trusts, so severe as to prevent her recovery. It is hardly necessary to say that the unfortunate accident caused considerable con sternation amongst the audience." • The Ocean Mail Service.—On Monday* May 22, the Hon. H. Parkes met the Committee of the Chamber of Commerce, to whom he ex plained the object of his mission to South Aus tralia, and the grounds upon which he relied for the co- operation of the colony in respect to Hall's line of steamers between Sydney, and San Francisco. The Committee postponed the dis cussion of the question until a future day. After the meeting Mr. Parkes had an interview with the Treasurer and Chief Secretary, when the necessity of obtaining from the New South Wales Government, on behalf of this colony, concessions in regard to the Suez line was urged upon him as a condition precedent to any deci sion by the South Australian Government in favour of his application. Mr. Parkes left Adelaide on Tuesday by the Coorong. We under stand that despatches are to be forwarded by the Chief Secretary to the Governments of the other Australian provinces, representing in a strong light the disabilities under which the colony is placed by the present course of ocean post, and requesting their acquiescence in the proposal that the P. & O. steamers should call at one of our ports. Woman Suffrage.—On Wednesday, Feb ruary 22, Mrs. Fawcett, wife of Professor Fawcett, M.P., and sister of the distinguished lady physician, Miss Garrett, delivered a lec ture upon "Woman Suffrage" to a crowded audience, comprising a large number of ladies, in the schoolroom, Upper Grange-road, Ber mondsey. Mrs. Fawcett was accompanied upon the platform by her husband, and was received with loud cheers. Mr. George Odger occupied the chair, and briefly introduced Mrs. Fawcett to the meeting. Mrs. Fawcett divided her lec ture into three headings—the injustice of ex cluding women from the franchise, the evils resulting from that exclusion, and the objections used against women possessing the franchise. One great illustration of the right of excluding women from the franchise, she said, was the lamentable state of education among them. Many women desired to obtain a medical educa tion, and many women would prefer being attended in their illness by one of their own sex, but every possible obstacle was thrown in the way of this being accomplished. This would not be, however, if women possessed the suffrage. The law denied to married women a legal status in society. She gave several illus trations of the defective and unjust state of the law in this respect. It might be said that the Act lately passed, called the Married Women's Property Bill, would have remedied this evil, but she denied this, and mentioned several points to prove the utter inefficiency of the Bill for its object. It was, she contended, one of the most absurd and illogical Acts ever passed. As an illustration of this, she said that a married woman who was a sempstress might, under the Act, purchase a sewing-machine out of her savings, and her husband could not touch it; but if any of her friends presented her with such a machine her husband could take it and sell it, and spend the proceeds upon himself. If women had possessed the suffrage such an imperfect law would not have been passed. In conclusion, Mrs. Fawcett said she claimed no exclusive privileges for women, but that they should stand equal with men before the law. Mrs. Fawcett resumed her seat amid much cheering. A vote of thanks to Mrs. Fawcett for her lecture was adopted by acclamation, and acknowledged by Professor Fawcett. The proceedings con cluded with a vote of thanks to the Chairman, 