Natural History. The Natural History of New South Wales. BY GERARD KREFFT. COLEOPTERA — (CONTINUED). REAL good Entomologists who understand the science and describe new species are scarce ; there are not more than five or six in New South Wales, and less in Victoria; with regard to the other colonies little is known. If asked what may be the cause of this, we reply that the country is not sufficiently populated, and that there is too much money-making and too much sport of some kind or another going on, which prevents people with means, and a taste that way, to cultivate the science. There are large numbers of settlers who probably find time hang heavily on their hands during some part of the year, pro- vided they do not ride some special hobby, and we think, therefore, that it is only necessary to mention in which direction superfluous energies may be employed. To begin with, we would try to find out the various parasites which infest stock, trace them from the egg to the perfect animal, and note down casual observa- tions. Collections for the microscope and the cabinet should be made at the same time, and if this does not develop a taste for entomology we are very much mistaken. It is necessary, how ever, to return to the special order, the Coleop- tera, now under discussion. The season is just commencing, and numerous shrubs and small trees are in flower, — all eagerly sought after by various tribes of insects. The members of the handsome family of Buprestidae are particularly plentiful at this time of the year, and even water beetles are flying about in the dark, and bump down upon skylights where these are exposed to the rays of a lamp, making people wonder, who do not know better, what it can be. All these little secrets, known to the entomological mind only, must be a source of enjoyment when out- siders are thus surprised. We had a good ex- ample of it recently, and take the liberty to mention it here. The Museum skylight is not waterproof, and when rain threatens it is necessary to cover the entomological cases beneath. A nervous friend paid us a visit about 9 o'clock last night, and was left for a few minutes by himself in the hall whilst the oilcloth was brought up to cover the cabinets. Poor man, he did not stay long, and looked as pale as death when we parted ; it was no use talking, he would not tell what scared him, and went away trem- bling. Curious to find out what was the matter, we took our station at one of the cabinets with a lamp and a book, when a few moments after bang came something like a pebble from above, and whilst looking for it another shot broke upon a glass cover — the canonade going on for a considerable time. It is necessary to state that our position was near the cabinet which contains a number of human skulls and skeletons, in one of which a big Fijiman's bones were swinging violently to and fro— no wonder our poor friend had retired. Properly arranged, this would have made a capital ghost story for Once a Week, or All the Year Round; but carefully sifted it resolved it- self into this. Some water-beetles of the genus Dytiscus had mistaken the lit-up glass for their proper element, and a bold rat inspecting the heathen bones of the Fiji chief for something to eat caused them to shake. This reminds us of the ingenious trick which the famous Mr. Frank Buckland, of the Second Life Guards once played a colony of water beetles who destroyed his trout ova in a certain breeding pond far away in old England. Everybody knows Mr. Buckland, who has the ability to tell such pleasant anecdotes about natural history subjects. Well, Mr. Buckland found that the " black beetles " devoured his ova and pet fry, and what do you think he did ? Let off the water, and left his black enemies floundering in the mud ! We regret not to have the number of the Field newspaper by us, in which the author relates this ingenious trick in his best style, telling his readers how the vermin were thus left to die, and totally forgetting that after dark the " blacks " would probably take wing and drop into the first pool, or startle people by coming down upon their skylights. We suppose Entomology is not Mr. B.'s favourite study, otherwise he would have destroyed the water beetles after the pond was dry. There are many persons who will ask, What is the good of all this ? and with these people we have nothing to do. So much is certain, that the greatest naturalists have studied the science, more or less, and that it is essential, and ought to be made fashionable, for educated men to know something about it. A recent American writer, m his report to the Commissioner of Agricul- ture, says : — " It is much to be regretted that many of our young entomologists merely collect, classify, and arrange insects in their cabinets for exhibition, without ever troubling themselves to ascertain anything about their previous existence as larvae or pupae, or the plants upon which they feed when in the larva state, or the various transformations they undergo before they appear as perfect beetles. Were this subject made a more special study, there is no doubt that farmers would learn much, and be better prepared to suggest methods of destroying them than is the case at present." We are glad to see that the author of this article refers to the work of Pro- fessor Leonis, whose "Synopsis of the Natural History of the Animal Kingdom" contains valuable information regarding the useful and destructive insects of Europe, and proposes to prepare a similar work for the use of the schools of the United States of America. In works of this kind our schools are singularly deficient, and it is high time for the Council of Education to consider the matter, and give the many thousand children in their schools a book containing a short account of the whole animal kingdom, with woodcuts in the text, and specially adapted to teach Australian natural history — Entomology included. Last Week a child named Ernest Thomas Davis, aged 16 months, fell into a watercloset at Newcastle and was suffocated. 