ANNO DOMINI 3000. The Woeij) a Cehtcbt am* '?* Qoasisk Hencr The Gtiwm TJiofeia. ' PEERrisraTorab inJTLiiia'V— WHii luoi win i ^H^ HATE A*tiE»H) TO W A HDKDEED \\*EfllF Do - you think this of to-day as. the brightest civilisation of our planet f Why this, compared to what will be realised in A. D. 2000, is an age of semi- barbarism. The civilisation of 1871iB,'to ..the coming 49viliBation of A. D. 3000, the lucifer match burning by the side of Vesuvius in eruption ; it is a lighted candle striving to emulate tie sun. FUTUttE EEAIiTH. .'? There will then be healthierBnd«tronger men and women than -now, men — aye, and women, too — able to walk and run up and down the mountain-sides like deer: Muscle and mind Will be cultivated tpgeflier.'The development of . the two will go'Kanft in hand. . Strength, quickness, and Tjrilliaiicy of inteilectwill not be linked with weak ness of body.. If the sword prove too sharp for the scabbard,' it will' be couhten a sis that the scabbard be 'not made stronger. People will be conscious in tKe matter of entailing; weak Btomachs, weak lungs, 'and defective j)odies on their posterity.' legacies from pM'flpfcg of .lifetimes of bodily suner ing will be less common. Every 'one shall be his own physician. Every one shall learn to study the ' needs and' pecularities of his or her dim bbdy. The house we dwell in ought'lfo behest known to ourselves. There' shall then be also physicians for sick miftflfi ON THE DEEP. ' Courting Tariety «f location and 'change of scene,'-' the sea ss well as' the land shall be temporaruy the dwelling place of the race.' There shall %e company nhips sailing from place to place. They *tniU be worked by fcm^crews,' and women may be cap tains. To ^ ^avS^to a vessel «fflceessfnlly fit-m Pole to Pole, fiom 'Cape Horn to Vtooi Hope; shall be a'womady «ccom meht Tamilies shall* weigh the anchor of their domestic ship, md voyage to sea as now they take a morning^ irive. ??- ' octtjpATtoisr isri snaBiAiiBHi ' 'Die biacksmith snail at tia 'forge Work JBoiir or fiyeVonrs,'giiu fpr'asiMiair'priod of time during the ilay shall ne'clfltivate some other talerit, implanted' li him by 'nahire. It'inay '.be 'mnsic, pftiriting, or sculpture. It may be some art, iiome studyj some science, to- day unathown^ un rebognlsed, uncalled for. Andaj? tfce'black smitb, so the carpenter, the 'nisiori; the Bhoemaker, the tailor; and aD itrades and callings. Men and -women will, in A.D. 2000, be no more UmMi; to' 'onV special calling than is the Sower to one' 'suaae of colour. Mind is no mbre created to follow but one special purauit than is the' wind to blow 'from one particular pint of the com pass. Ab to talents, ability, and adapta bility, mind has many arms,'like'th'epoly- pu8, and the more these arms are employed, and the -more they grasp, the more food and stimulation is there for mental life. Existence has two phaseft-^Ufeind stag nation: To-day, thousaodfl of lives stag nate. Too1 many -of these mental farms are ' unemployed, weak, flabby, almost rotting '' for lack of exercise. Some ,ene*rm Hoes all the work. When it tires, as tire it must, mind has no rest in tiange of occu pation. A physician, a lawyer, an editor, might be the better man ?mentally and physically, should he at certain times ex ercise the mechanical or other talent lying 'dormant -within him. Change of occupa tion is healthy stimulation. Stimulation of some Bort mind mast have ; if - not healthy, it flies to the unheafthy. ? The much used 'mental arm, 'the gainer of clothes, bread and butter, be comes exhausted. The' other dormant arms, perhaps for music, for ipaintingv for the pursuit of some study, «lt, or science, the taste therefor implanted for Nature, are untrained, nnenreised.' Stimulation we must have. What results! Satan steps in with a pipe, n paper of tobacco, and a jug of whisky,' %nd gives work for idle hands to do. Until this prindjite is recoguisfeo, tomperance will lie preache4 in Tain: InA-D. 2000, they will have Hug to the root of this evil DES8S. Men shall not then by coBtom h* re stricted in 'dress to the monotony of cut | and colour prevalent to-day. The male i garbs shall be as various in styls as the 'female. Drees suull be a matter dependant more bn iodividoal taste, ai^ not a law dependant on ths*att*f -tailor kings and jtriUinAr'queSta/ 8^^ in colour and style characterising the I Court costume of two centuries ago shall reappear in A.D. 2000. For men do de light in feathers and furbelows as much as women. Witness their joy when donning their military attire. There is possibly, iu enveloping the9e cases of our souls in their outer coverings, a harmony as to fashion and colour, which is not foppishness, but fitness ; and even these matters then shall be more studied than to-day, for they form a part of the great mosaic we call Life. CITIES. No cities in that more fortunate age, with crowded blocks of five and six storey buildings. The freedom by Nature granted for pure air, pure water, and Bunshiue, shall be used. Every one who desires, shall have for cultivation his or her plot of ground. To every man and woman — as to every tree, shrub, and plant— there belongs by right a certain quantity of soiL Cities shall be embowered in trees and shrub bery. Through every street shall run a stream of clear, cold water. The hills of San Francisco shall be terraced, and about them to their summits shall wind the locust-shaded walks. Tainalpais shall be studded with gems of vine-covered cot tages, and mountain elevators shall carry the inhabitants to their doors. Artificial fivers shall flow from the Sierras. Alonu the walls of Yosemite, two thousand feet aloft, shall, from pinnacle to pinnacle, from craig to craig, run iron staircases and galleries, where now no foot touches save the birds. FLYING. The air will be safely navigated, and men will no longer be mocked by geese. Flying should be a studied art, an amuse ment, an accomplishment for male and female, as now we learn to balance and tM upon the velocipede and parlour skate. There will be in the empyrean flirtations, with appropriate billing and cooing, and wretched swains on the wing shall get the mitten five miles from hind, as marked by their pocket barometers. Wings will occa sionally, at vast heights, get out of gear, and unskilful flyers- shall come tumbling spirally to earth, like a descending skim ming datn shell, smashing, in their falling gyratory circles, chimney-pots, showwin dows, and people. Inconvenience from the sultry heats of August will be no longer suffered. To buckle on wings and fly, and, like the eagle, float around at higher and cooler atmospheric tempera tures, will be the privilege of A.D. 2000. ADVANCEMENTS, Science, laws, and arts to us unknown, unborn, are to be familiar to these our great^great-grand-children. They are to laugh at our clumsy print, our cumbrous forms of expression, our meagre, stinted, and expensive method of sending thought to distant friends by the electric wire. The steam-engine will have been retired with the catapult and battering ram of past centuries. Other less cumbrous and more subtle elements will then furnish motive power. WORE AND BECBJ5ATION. Several score of our Presidents shall, in the histories of that day, figure even less prominently than do now the half fabulous chieftains of the septs in the earlier centu ries. Their names shall be a mere sound with scarce an idea or association attached. They will celebrate the birthdays of Eliza beth Cady Stauton and Lucretia Mott. The sexes will be inter-dependent, mutually assisting in each other's labours, and women will plough. The ploughing of A.D. 2000 will be a morning's drive for recreation ; the machine impelled by the horses then known, guided by the move ment, almost imperceptible, of slight but strong levers, touched by the gloved hand of a lady. Manual labour is to be driven from its inquisition of muscle daily fatigued to exhaustion. Labour is to be converted iuto recreation, and fatigue is to be held as Nature's demand for rest; the rights of hflpia' ease and comforts are to be held sacred. For all ease, all comfort, all luxury, belongs to the race by right, so that they keep in their places, servants, not masters. CRIMES OF A.D. 2000. A man in that day who shall attempt to pass off another's thoughts as his own, shall be deemed the meanest variety of thief extant The self constituted police of appreciative talent will be keen to ferret out such offenders. No brain shall trade on other than its own coin. As we of to day regard the nations who sell their children into slavery, so shall the elevated mind of 2000 regard those who manufac ture expressions of opinion for gold. The vampires of that era will be those who bought such wares ; such tempters suck the heart's blood of intellect ; and prema turely cause its exhaustion of ability and strength. A man who, in A.D. 2000 keeps a barking dog by night to disturb his neigh bours, shall, for the discomfort by him in directly inflicted, be Bubject to fines and penalties. Any man, or company of men, countenancing a steam alarm whistle six times a day to drill our tympannms with atmospheric misery, shall be held Anathema Mflranpthfl. EPITAPHS AND SEPCUUBE. One hundred and twenty-nine years hence, curious grave- yard epitaph collectors may be smiling at the inscriptions on our sunken and moss-grown tombstones, if per chance any for us last so long. There is a ^ decayi and a /?f»Ef:hi and a final burial for a tombstone, as well as for the body it marks. It is indeed the final ending of man on earth. And I have seen tomb stones become illegible and die even in a abort twenty years. Verily, our life here is but a vapour. But in this year 2000, people will carry the grave, the mounment, the epitaphs of the departed upon their fingers in rings, upon their bosoms in brooches, and hang ing bom their ears in pendants. The body shall be burned, the dost collected, and by chemical process solidified ; it shall in colour be like jasper or garnet or amethyst, . . and the great, gloomy burial-place, with its ranks of white monumental ghosts, shall , be only a remembrance of this, the semi : ? ? barbarous and coarser aee. v:.ffi^; The eye of the prophet saw, the modern '*^?;- railway withit8'chariotof fire.' It saw men ?. raftniiog to end fro upon the earth, And icnowiedge inoreased. Beyond this era, to ., day «iliied, it »«w no further. Our eyes 0tay begin to peer into the obscurity which fcarred the pilppbetf* vision. Doubt and ? fe^milite Uugh at preiiictiona. Y«t#«en '££S&&J;&M;**» *-N»Ued :mamb M . to- :i#®^itot^U»ir.pw«)at,J tomb. . Not a I^^t^ «»d tto water* of ocean, li&B;, ?it-'-'* or human visage -m the photographer's seu sitive plate ; not a woman spoke in public. Witness the sudden illumination of invention during a short fifty years ! Contrast it with the dark and plodding centuries preceding. Yet this is but the threshold. The earth has scarcely woke up. She still stretches forth her arms, half conscious, for the lan guor and bewilderment of Civilization's morning yawn. Two, three, four thousand years are but one of her yesterday's. It is but two centuries since man commenced intelligibly to write his history. Even, now, it is difficult for him to do so truth fully. In A.D. 2000, political history will consist more in the movement of principles than in the life of kings. But we are not to tread in mortal form this, the Promised Land. We may only behold it dimly from Pisgah's summit — San Francisco Daily Call ? Three Lawsuits aboct a Pen-jit Boll. — John Walker, a youth residing in Wal worth, was for some months previous to May last iu the service of Mr. Win. Alex ander Gorringe, of 265, Wandsworth Koad, ham aud beef dealer. The young fellow was in the habit of going borne on Saturday evenings, and returning on Monday mornings. On the 13th of May, as he was leaving, his mistress stopped him and demanded to see the contents of. bis bag, aud there detected the evidence of crime in the shape of a roll and butter cut in slices ! The delinquent pleaded that as the roll was the food alloted to him for his tea by the mistress herself, he thought he might eat it where he pleased, and not feeling well at tea-time, he was taking the roll to eat at home. The plea was useless. The lady saw a clear case of felony which must be investigated by a magistrate As the youth did not like being called a thief, he declined to return to his occupation on the Monday, and a summons from the Wandsworth Police Court was obtained charging him with the unlawful possession of certain ' bread and fat,' the property of his master. The case was heard before Mr. Woolrych on the 20 th ultimo, and was literally ' laughed out of court' His Worship however remarked that there was nothing whatever against the young man. Ordinarily this would have been the end of what the Magistrate called a trumpery case, but it turned up under quite new aspects on Tuesday last at the Lambeth County Court The master had brought an action to recover the amount of a week's wages, on the ground that the young man unlawfully left his master's service without notice. Mr. Pitt Taylor disposed of the case in a few minutes, by saying that no person was bound to continue in the service of a master who charged him with theft, and the judgment must be for defendant. The parties then changed places, as a cross action had been brought by the youth to recover the value of certain goods left at his place of employment, and which the master refused to give up. Mr. Washington, attorney for the master, said the goods were in court, and the young man could have them. The goods were handed to him to examine, when he said they were all right The judge then directed a non suit, as plantiff had got his goods instead of their value. The master left the box declaring he would ' have another go at him.' The lawyers, as usual, have got the best of it, three of them — one at Wands worth and two at Lambeth — having each fingered a guinea out of this one poor penny rolL — South London Prat. SeRVANTGAUBM ErTBAOEDIKAEr'. — An action was brought, at the Birkenhead County Court, on Tuesday, by a young woman named Ann M'Cabe to recover £1 3s 4d from Mr. J. S. De Wolfe, of Clifton Park, for a month's wages. The defence was that the plantiff had been guilty of insolence and insubordination. — Mrs. De Wolfe said that plaintiff had re peatedly refused to do the work she was engaged to do, and was most insolent over it On being asked to clean out the kitchen fireplace the refused to do so, and another servant had to do it,; a warm bath had been ordered, and when told to get it ready she told Miss De Wolfe she would see her dead and d — first She was then ordered to leave, her wages up to that time being offered to her, but she would not go without a full month's wages, though she had been there only a week. She repeatedly called Mrs. De Wolfe ' woman,' and on one occasion, when her mistress ordered dinner, she said, 'Woman, don't be coming here after your scraps,' and ' Woman, get out of this, and send your orders in writing ;' and, alluding to the butter, which was her own making and perfectly fresh, 'Woman, what do you mean giving us muck to eat I' She would not wear a cap nor print dresses, which she engaged to do, but a very dirty old stuff, pinned up round her waist, and when told to pot it down became coarse, and said, 'I will not; I will go naked if I like.' On one occasion she forced herself into a room where some company were, carrying a large dish of meat in her arms, and brandishing a large knife before the visitors — no cap on, her clothes pinned up, and herself a lump of dirt She would sing low songs and whistle, and when told to be quiet she would shout and laugh like an idiot, and sing louder than ever, setting everyone and all rules at defiance. — After hearing this evidence, bis Honour at once gave a verdict for the defendant — Mr. De Wolfe said he would give the 12s Cd due to the plaintiff to the Borough Hos pital Daniel Defoe's Review, which appeared with unvarying regularity three times ? week for nine years, was &e; first newspaper England ever had. Antecedent to Addison and Steele's brodtura, and in price one penny, it anticipated in most of its essential details the penny journal of to day. We wonder how few persons know that Defoe was the original editor of the now pros perous Conservative newspaper in Scotland — the Edinburgh CurcnUt The literary influence which Defoe has exercised is scarcely less great than his inflaence as a social reformer. If we seek the source of the modern school of realistic wordpainting, it is to 'Robinson Crusoe' and the 'Hague of London' that we shall find it— Mutual Wortd.-. ? An interesting contribution to insurance literature has been . made by ' Mark Twain.' He Suds that the Erie Railway ouly killed about twenty -three persons in si* months, out of 1,000,000 passengers, whilst 13,000 died in their beds out of 1,000,000 inhabitants of New York in tfaV same time. He thinks railway accident insurance a mistake, and wants to get fas insurance on going to bed instead. . ; . ' . 'This world is #J1* fleeting show,' said a priest to » culprit «n Ui gallows, — ' fee,' wm the prompt reply $ ' but if yon have no objection^ i'd tatler seethe show 