THE MERCURY. SATURDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1871. THE fuller details of the news by the Rangoon, though still leaving us in ignorance as to the terms of peace proposed, are so far satisfactory that we are informed that negotiations are on foot, conducted on the part of the French by such wise and modorate men as M. M. THIERS and JULES FA VUE, which, it is to be hoped, will culminate in a treaty that will secure the peace of Western Europe on terms not too humiliating to France. It appears that GENERAL TROCHU made several unsuccessful attempts to break through the besieging army during the first and second weeks in January. On the 19th of January, fourteen days after the real bombardment of the city by the Germans commenced, the French, amounting it is said to 100,000 men, made a final effort from Fort Valerian. Like all the others, it failed, and its failure produced such consternation in Paris, that the Red Republicans were encouraged to make fresh efforts to overthrow the Govern- ment, and create confusion. In such a state of affairs ; want of provisions for the people of Paris ; sedition of the worst kind against the Government ; a brave army, but yet powerless to break through the iron band that begirded the doomed city ; the Govornmont came to the wisest resolution they could adopt. On the 21st, JULES FAVRE arrived at Versailles to negotiate for the surrender of the city and the forts. After much negotiation, in which a pro- position that the army of Paris should be allowed to retire with the honours of war was negatived by BISMARCK, M. FAVRE signed the capitulation. The army to remain prisoners of war in Paris. All the forts have been surren- dered, but Paris itself had not up to our latest advices been occupied by the Germans. Imme- diately after the signature of the capitulation, the Germans supplied Paris with three millions of rations. It was then, as we have already remarked, that a scene presented itself which must make the hearts of Englishmen all over the world throb with pride and pleasure. English Cor- porations vied with each other in supplying food to the famishing French people. Several English ships of war were loading at Woolwich with provisions and ovens to cook them. Paris is now plentifully supplied with food, and it is to be likewise hoped that the provinces,where the war so recently brought misery and disaster, will not be forgotten. Such is the state of Paris. On the Leire. GENERAL CHANZY, who was placed by GAMBETTA in command of the army in succession to PALADINE, committed a great error in dividing his forces by detaching BOURBAKI for the relief of Belfort. CHANZY himself was, with his army, very nearly captured at Le Mans, but escaped the fate of Sedan by a rapid flight. BOURBAKI, having been beaten back from Belfort, like CHARLES XII. after the battle of Pultowa, entered neutral territory, and surrendered there a prisoner of war. Himself and about 80,000 men are now prisoners in Switzerland. In the north FAIDHERBE covered himself and his army with glory. He very nearly beat the German army ; but he, like the Parisians, had to succumb to cold and want of provisions. His army is now disbanded. The capitulation of Paris was disavowed by GAMBETTA, and by the party at Bordeaux who adhered to him ; but, on the arrival of Commissioners from Paris, he resigned as Minister of War, and was succeeded by M. ARAGO. The elections for the Constituent National Assembly have taken place, and the Deputies are assembling at Bordeaux. Fortunately for France, a Conservative spirit seems to have per- vaded the elections. Two Princes of the House of Orleans have been elected as Deputies— PRINCE JOINVILLE and the DUKE D'AUMALE. PRINCE NAPOLEON has also been elected Deputy for Corsica ; but it is doubtful whether any of that race will be again placed in a position to bring further ruin on France. It is a curious fact that every dismemberment of the French nation for the last sixty years has occurred through the BONAPARTES. When NAPOLEON I. ascended the throne, Belgium, Coblentz, and Cologne were parts of France. It then had the Rhine for its boundary. The invasion of 1814, follow- ing on the blighted ambition of that clever despot, reduced the boundaries to the limits in which his nephew found them, and the vanity of the lost of the dynasty will further dismember France, and the conquests which Louis XIV. added to it, will be taken back. Everything tends to the hope that a Bour- bon, in the person of the COUNT DE PARIS, will again mount the throne, and, perhaps, much happiness is yet in store for France under the descendants of HENRY IV. M. THIERS, who was Minister to the grandfather of the COUNT DE PARIS at the time he was dethroned, is appointed a commissioner, with M. FAVRE, to adjust with BISMARCK the terms of the peace. What these terms will be can scarcely be surmised ; we must wait patiently until the next mail brings us intelligence. Even The Times, with all its opportunities of obtaining information, knew nothing of the terms that would be proposed by BISMARCK, and the tele- graphic information is very contradictory. It is probable that Prussia will demand the cession of all Alsace and Lorraine as far as the Mozelle. By making that river the boundary of the German Empire, Germany will thus secure Metz and Nancy, and probably an indemnity of two hundred millions sterling, with the posses- sion of some fortresses in central France until the indemnity be paid. Such is an epitome of the present state and future prospects of France, as they present themselves to our mind. The Eastern Conference is going on rather tardily. , Some concessions, gratifying to our amour propre, were admitted by the signatory Powers, viz., that no one Power had a right to withdraw from the terms of the treaty of Paris without the consent of the whole. PRINCE CHARLES is to retain the Government of Rou- mania, but whether as an independent sovereign, or as a satrap to the Grand Seignior, we are not yet informed. The Conference, it seems, is waiting, for a constitutionally appointed Minister from France, before it goes into the real work it has to perform-the revision of the treaty of 1854. The new King of Spain, AMADEUS, seems to be giving satisfaction, and his Minister, SERRANO, is working out some necessary reforms. One would think he had his hands full, as the reforms required in that land of laziness, of plenty, and of pride, are neither few nor unnecessary. In Italy, KING VICTOR made a hasty visit to Rome, and left it after having witnessed an illumina- tion in his honour. It is to be hoped no ghost of departed priestly greatness was conjured up bofore his superstitious eyes to frighten him away. His son and heir, PRINCE HUMBERT, has taken up his residence there for the winter. American feeling against England has evidently suffered considerable modification, and it is well, for it is most desirable that any differences that exist between the Americans and ourselves should be amicably settled. Not only the well being of England and America, but the exten- sion of commerce and civilization all over the world depends on a mutual good understanding between the two greatest maritime States in the universe. Notwithstanding the absurd motion carried at Washington for giving a national reception to the manumitted Fenians, let us hope that EARL D'GREY and his brother commissioners will enter into the investigation of the Alabama claims in a liberal and fraternal spirit. The home intelligence is not very sensational. The QUEEN is well, and happy in the approaching happiness of her daughter, who is to be married on the 21st to the MARQUIS OF LORNE. The bill has passed Parliament, granting £30,000 down, and an annuity of £6,000 to the Princess on her becoming Marchioness. A very handsome " tocher" in any part of the world, but which must be looked on at Loch Awe as something stupenduous, as Domine SAMPSON would say. An absurd report is in circulation, that the EMPEROR of Germany refuses to acknowledge the Marquiss as a husband to his son's sister-in-law. Perhaps his Imperial Majesty, in his newly awakened zeal for German interests, thinks the marriage would be infringing one of its privileges in supply- ing from its Princely houses husbands to all the ladies of Royal rank in Europe. The Cerberus, which is to be used for the protection of our friends on the other side of the Straits, sailed from Ceylon, and may be daily looked for in Hobson's Bay. It is said that the crew, from the excessive heat, and their frying pan resi- dence, are in a very unhealthy state. We Australians are rising in the world. Long ago we were contented with a simple Knight to govern us. We then made a start and got a real live Baronet. Then anothor. Next came a Viscount and an Earl, and now, it seems, that the youngest sister in the group is to have a real live Marquis. What might not Victoria expect after that ? An impoverished Duke or a Prince out of place, would just suit them, particularly if he had hauteur enough to keep the canaille at a respectful distance, and to help GEORGE HIGINBOTHAM to snub ROGERS at the Colonial Office. VICE-REGAL. -His Excellency the Governor of Tasmania and the Hon. Mrs. Du Caue with their guests, His Excellency the Right Hon. Sir James Fergusson, Governor of South Australia, Mr. Fergusson, and their suites returned at four o'clock yesteaday afternoon, in the steamer Monarch, from Tasman's Peninsula, where they had been on an excursion since Tuesday last. His Excellency the Governor of South Australia and suite, whose places had been booked at the coach office since Monday last, left town yesterday evening by the mail coach for Launceston, with the intention of returning immedi- ately to Adelaide. His Excellency will loave Launceston, for Melbourne, to-day, by the T.S.N. Co.'s steamer Tamar. THE LATE DRAY ACCIDENT. -The unfortunate man Griffin, who met with the shocking dray accident a few days ago, and who underwent the amputation of a leg on Tuesday last, died yesterday at the hospital, which, considering the man's age, is not a matter of surprise. MR. LOWE'S dancing pupils had an assembly at Del Sarte's Rooms yesterday afternoon, when there was a numerous company of parents and visitors to take farewell of Mr. Lowe, who, however, intends to return to Hobart Town for a short stay in two or three months time. YESTERDAY'S MAILS. -The mails received in Hobart Town yesterday were the largest that have ever arrived here in one day. There were three separate ship mails, that by the Tamar, that by the City of Hobart, and that by the Southern Cross. These contained in all fifty-one separate and distinct mails, containing 3,603 letters and packets, upwards of 6,000 newspapers, besides which 773 inland letters arrived at the the Post Office here. The ship mails con- tained 55 registered letters, and 48 advices of money orders. The Sydney mails, per the City of Hobart, arrived at the Post Office at 7 a.m , the English mail per coach at 8.15 a.m., and the Melbourne mails by the Southern Cross, at 10.45 a.m. This will suffi- ciently account for any apparent delay in the delivery of the mails. WHAT COMES OF OUR NEWSPAPERS ?—Some time ago we had occasion to complain of the non-arrival here of newspapers that there was reason to believe had been posted in England. We were sufferers, and, having had many complaints from others, com- municated with the Secretary of the Post Office here, who wrote the Post Office officials, London. By this mail, he has received an answer, conveying the astounding information that every mail from 4,000 to 5,000 newspapers, addressed to Australia alone, are detained at the Post Office, London, from insufficient postage, or failure to comply with the Post Office regulations. In this way, of the news- papers posted at home for friends in Australia, some 60,000 annually fail to reach their destination. Are the Post Office regulations made sufficiently known ? SAD DEATH. -Yesterday night the dead body of a man was brought to the hospital. His story reveals a miserable phase of bush life. The poor fellow, whose name was Henry Hardinge, had been fencing on the Lake District for Mr. Keith, of Ross, and, in breaking a piece of wood, had, in some way, over- strained himself, causing such severs internal injury that he was unable to move. He had lain there without any sustenance for three days and three nights, when the mounted-policeman of the district for- tunately came upon him. The policeman imme- diately rode off for a conveyance, and had the poor suffering follow taken to Hamilton, where he lay a day, his abdomen having by this time become fear- fully swollen. The Warden employed a man named Gosaage to convey the sufferer in a spring cart to the hospital here. Gossage left with him yesterday morn- ing at 7 o'clock, having to travel slowly so as to pain Hardinge as little as possible. He bore the journey pretty well, for he was his carefully placed as circum- stances would permit, and when they reached Cooley's Inn, on this side O'Brien's Bridge, he felt so well that he would have sat up, had not Gossage persuaded him to keep his place on the bed in which he was laid. An hour after-10 o'clock-when the hospital was reached the poor fellow was dead. His sufferings between the time of the accident and his death must have been intense, and his thoughts as he lay helpless in the bush may well make all thankful who can live among their fellow creatures. ST. PATMCK'S DAY. -This festival was not yes- terday so much devoted to amusement as usual, the uncertainty of the hour at which the Bishop would arrive having prevented any arrangements on any extensive scale, but numerous sports were held in the Lower Cricket Ground under the auspices of St. Patrick's Society. No fee was levied for admission to the ground, con- sequently by three o'clock in the afternoon the reserve must have contained very nearly 2,000 persons af both sexes. The proceedings were under the management of Messrs. R. Fitzgerald, S. Sheehy, and O'Shea, the president, vice-president, and one of the trustees of St. Patrick's Society respectively. The most prominent and interesting feature in the day's sport was the game of hurling, which was competed by two sides of twenty-two each, captained by Mr. Reynolds, the treasurer of the Society, and Mr. McCabe, the secretary. After a hard struggle, Mr. McCabe's side so cured a goal, but matters were again equalised some time after by Mr. Reynolds' team also obtaining one. The gamo was watched by many who had joined in similar contosts prior to their leaving fair Erin's Isle, and it was really amusing to watch the pleasure and excitement which they manifested in seeing the old game revived. The sides ceased playing after the two goals had been scored, but the contest for the conquoring goal will take place at Easter. The weather was rather chilly, so the players enjoyed their recreation amazingly. Subsequently, a game of football was organised, in which old and young took part indiscriminately. Na particular sides were chosen, but tho ball was kicked about the field by a great crowd, who appearod to be as highly gratified with their game as the spectators were amused by the numerous harmless spills and scrimmages which occurred. At six o'clock the as- semblage was considerably thinned, and within a short time afterwards the proprietor of the booth, at which non-intoxicating beverages were dispensed, had sup- plied his last customer, and the sports had ter- minated. SOCIAL GATHERING. -Last evening about forty gen- tlemen, almost all of whom were members of St. Patrick's Society, met at the All Nations Hotel, to celebrate St. Patrick's Day. The president of the Society, Mr. Fitzgerald, filled the chair, and the vice president, Mr. S. Sheehy, occupied tho vice- chair. On behalf of the members of the Society, the vice president presented to Mr. Fitzgerald a boautiful silver-mounted hunting whip as a token of recog- nition of the valuable services he had rendered as president of the Society, the gift boing acknow- ledged by the recipient in suitable terms. Wines, fruit, and other refreshments wero laid on the table, and the toasts of " The Queen," " The Royal Family," and " The Governor," were proposed by the president, and drunk with enthusiasm. In a patriotic speech Mr. James Gray proposed " Ireland, our Native Land." The toast " Success to St. Patrick's and other kindred societies throughout the world " was proposed by Mr. John Davies, and responded to by Mr. Reynolds, the treasurer of the Society. The vice-president proposed " The Press," coupled with the name of Mr. Davies, who appro- priately acknowledged the compliment. " The Ladies," " The Office- bearers and Promoters of the Society," coupled with which were the names of several gentlemen, and other toasts, were also drunk with honors. The greatest good feeling prevailed throughout the evening, the pleasure being con- siderably enhanced by the vocal efforts of several gentlemen. The meeting terminated with three cheers for the next merry meeting on the anniversary of Ireland's patron saint. REV. WILLIAM HICKIE. -Accompanying His Lord- ship Bishop Murphy on the passage from Sydney was the Rev. Father Hickie, who, it will be remembered, visited Tasmania in July, 1869, on a special mission connected with procuring funds in aid of the Catholic University, Ireland. The University, to which a charter is expected to be promptly issued, was founded in Dublin in 1853, at the pressing desire and express command of His Holiness Pope Pius the Ninth. The rev. gentleman has alroady been absent eight years from Ireland, under a mandate from their Lordships the Bishops of Ireland, and with letters testimonial and commendatory from Cardinul Cullen, on the part of his brethren of tho Irish Episcopate, and from Cardinal Barnabo, in the name of His Holiness the Pope. During the tour of Father Hickie the noble object in view-anxiously cherished by those promoters of a Catholic Uni- versity education engaged in providing halls of learning-combined with his ability and eloquence as an orator, has enabled him to make periodically munificent remittances-in the aggregate some ten thousand pounds. The rev. gentleman will imme- diately return to New South Wales, there to resume his exortions, which will be continued in other parts of the globe. ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. -To-morrow (Sunday) being St. Joseph's Day, there will be a grand High Mass at St. Joseph's Church, Macquarie-street, at 11 o'clock. His Lordship the Bishop will be present, and the choir will sing on the occasion Mozart's No. 12 Mass. In the evening there will be Pontifical Vespers and Benediction. The Te Deum will be sung in thanksgiving for His Lordship the Bishop's safe return to his diocese. A LUXURY. -It will be seen that Mr. Webb has made arrangements for providing ico and ice creams to all desirous of obtaining the same, and who may give him special orders. This luxury will bo till the more welcome, as, from the ice- house having been broken into, and the ice partially destroyed, there was reason to fear that the supply could not be kept up. Mr. Webb deserves support for his onergy in securing such a luxury for invalids, and having made arrangements for always supplying it when required. " THE TASMANIAN INDEPENDENT." -No. 15, Vol. 1, of this representative of the Congregationalists in the colony has been received. We learn from it that the annual meeting of the Congregational Union is to be held at Launceston next week. There is also the usual precis of religious intelligence for the month ; a continuation of the article by Rev. W. C. Robinson, on the " Literary History of the English Bible," besides news from abroad, and two more chapters of the story " Alone in London." "NOTES ON HOMOEOPATHY. "-We have received No. 7 of the " Notes." The contents are an article on " Infinitesimals" and a reprint from The Mercury of the letters which complete the controversy, "Dr. Agnew v. Homoeopathy." POLICE COURT. -The only business which came before the Stipendiary Magistrate yesterday was a case in which a woman was fined 5s., or the usual alternative for drunkenness. CHURCH SERVICES. -The Rev. J. Graham is ex- pected to conduct the service at the Mariners' Church to-morrow afternoon ; service to commence at three o'clock. The Rev. John Storie, of St. Andrew's, will preach at 3 p.m. in the Presbyterian Church, O'Brien's Bridge. MUNICIPALITY or GLAMOROAN. -An extraordinary election is to take place for a Councillor in tho room of Mr. John Meredith, whose seat has become vacant. Nominations are to be sent in by 12 o'clock on the 30th inst., and the poll will be taken on the 6th April. THEATRICAL. -It is notified by advertisement that a complimentary benefit will be given at the Theatre Royal, next Monday week, to Mr. J. H. Le Roy, under Masonic patronage. BAND OF HOPE QUARTZ AND ALLUVIAL GOLD MINING COMPANY. -An extraordinary meeting of shareholders of this company is to take place at Launceston, on Monday evening, at 7.30. CRICKET MATCH. -The conquering match between the Break O'Day and Derwent Cricket Clubs will be played this afternoon, wickets to be pitched at one o'clock, when the players an requested to attend punctually. 