HE ABORIGINAL MISSION, FRASER'S ISLAND. The Rev. E. Fuller has kindly furnished us with some additional particulars of his labors at this spot, from the date of our last reference thereto. Since that time he has continued hold- ing school among the natives. About five weeks ago a tolerably good number were camped at the mission, but on February 5th the blacks held a corroboree, when they were joined by blacks from the main land. On that day there were about 100 present, and on the following Sunday, in the evening, Mr. Fuller was left all alone, for the blacks belonging to the mis- sion went off with the mob. They are now going about the island, something like a circus, and holding corroborees at the various camp- ing places of the natives ; and from that time to this only two have been attending school. Of these one can read tolerably well in the New Testament. Several, after mastering the alphabet, and just beginning to read in the Testament, have left for other parts of the island. Of them it certainly may be said, " they love to roam," for in no one particular spot of the island do they seem to stay for any length of time more than where the mission is located. This is their crossing-place from the mainland. On the other side there is a track from Maryborough to the water's edge. The natives come there and light signal fires, when those from the island go across in their bark canoes and fetch them over. On the other side of the island there is a place they call the " Wow country," or " Salt water," where the mussels or cockles, and kul- bhine, &c;, are said to be very plentiful ; yet even there they do not stay for any length of time. As a rule, therefore, the missionary can depend only upon those whom he can furnish with em- ployment, and supply with rations ; the others wander about, of necessity, in search of food. The one native that is staying with him now has been stationary for about three months ; he acts as cook, and is also a sort of colleague, as he assists in the school by explaining to the other natives the meaning of the scripture illustrations. &c;, which are sometimes shown to them. He can speak very good English, as well as read tolerably well ; he is a young man, and cannot very well run away with the other blacks, as he has a bad leg that almost impedes his walking about. Mr. Fuller had another native employed working with him on piece of ground that he is cultivating, but him he was obliged to discharge some time back for want of sufficient rations. Supplies have, however, since been forwarded from Mary- borough, Rockhampton, Brisbane, and Ipswich, for which the utmost gratitude is expressed by our correspondent. The natives are very fond of singing, and, when one or two can be got together, they are taught to sing in their native language " Come to Jesus," or " Jesus died for me," &c;, and they will sing when they cannot be induced to do anything else. They are a laughter-loving people ; the least thing starts them off. A trifling mistake at school,or other trivial cause; sets them off at once, and they are often seen laughing and singing under privations that would make a white man groan. There was, one woman that for some consi- derable time would not let her son attend school, even after he had learnt his alphabet, and was beginning to read in the Testament. Her reason for keeping him back was unknown, but one day one of the other scholars returned from Maryborough, and informed the rest that a gentleman up there had given him two shil- lings because he could read a little in a book. This news apparently unlocked the old lady's heart, and she then permitted her son to attend school, thinking evidently that there was something to be made out of it. As a rule they learn just as quickly as the whites, especially when young. Mr. Fuller is making some progress in the native language, which enables him to explain to the natives — when they are reading — the meaning of the words in their own language. Some of the natives have some very curious notions, and are very superstitious. The black who is at the mission now asserts that his uncle, who is a doctor among the natives, cannot be killed ; he says he will never die, and that be can fly like a bird, or dive under ground and come out at some considerable distance! He also has a theory about the existence of numerous ghosts (called Mather) on the island, and has pro mised to shew them to Mr. Fuller some night when he can get another black to accompany him-. As regards cultivating the soil, all attempts in this line have hitherto proved a failure. Nearly everything that was planted — such as maize, potatoes, cabbage, carrots, onions, let- tuce, radish, mustard and cress, pumpkins, melons, &c.; — came up, but having got their heads above ground the sight of Fraser's Island seemed to frighten them, and they declined coming any further, except the maize and potatoes. The latter all ran away to top, and left nothing at the root. The maize grew up to about half its usual height (and in many in stances only about a quarter), and then made a show for corn, but the cobs are small and good for nothing. Mr. Fuller has sent us specimens of the plants, &c;, after being three or four months in the ground, the stunted condition of which is very remarkable. We have also received from him samples of the two kinds of soil of which the whole island seems to be composed — one, a light silvery sand, is that which chiefly abounds; and another, apparently consisting of decomposed limestone and organic matter, found only in the swamps. Its appearance be tokens extraordinary richness, and the cause of its blighting effect on vegetation has yet to be found out. It is probably due to insufficient aeration and want of drainage. A drain 2 feet 6 inches deep has now been dug round the ground, and the soil has been once more stirred and replanted, to give it another trial. Some of the beds have been manured— a very un necessary addition, we should imagine. Some shrubs and plants from the Botanical Gardens, Brisbane, have likewise been planted in both soils, of which a portion seem to be doing well, whilst others are dying off.' If the soil fails altogether, Mr. Fuller in tends, if he can get a boat, to turn his atten- tion to the sea. and if possible do something in the fishing line. For he considers that there ought to be a mission on Fraser's Island, what ever may be done elsewhere on account of the number of natives constantly resorting there. But unless some means can be devised for em- ploying the natives, so as to put a stop to their wanderings, much success in Christianising or civilising them can hardly be expected. 