? — »S» ? ; ? LACORDAIRE'S INFLUENCE ON FRANCE. Men marvel at the strange aspect which France has lately presented to the world. A Republic born iii the violent thioes of revo lution has closely identified its cause with that of religion. Through all the pi-evious revolutions which have convulsed France, since the great or First Revolution a bit ter hostility has been shown to the Estab lished Faith ; and through most, an open and general disbelief in religion itself. Now, however, there is no public declaration of Atheism — no debasing worship of the Goddess of Reason, strangely personified — there have been no processions to the tomb , of J. J. Rousseau, the self-made apostle of Communism ; — but on the contrary, a man gets appointed to the chief military post whose piety approaches asceticism, and the soldiers of the Republic have given daily and touching proof's of their deep devotion .to the Church and its ministers. But how has it come to pass that the Republicans and clergy of France are now in such per fect accord 1 How has this firm alliance been brought about? The immediate causes are obvious. The truths of .religion are firmly implanted in the minds of the people, and the patriotism of the Catholic Hierarchy of France equals in depth and fervour that of the most enthusiastic Re publicans. But there must have been an antecedent cause to these, and that cause is, that within the last quarter of a century a great Liberal .Party of the most eminent French divines have torn them selves away^ from the side of Imperialism to take their stand in, and make their voices heard from the midst of the ' People. Some great French laymen- also have taken part in the cause, the most conspicu ous of whom was the great Montalembert, whose name is reverenced in every clime, and whose services to the Church, notwith standing some mistakes, have been acknow ledged more than once- by the Holy See. But it is to one with whom Montalembert was intimately connected for many years of his life, more than to all others, perhaps, is due the', credit of having brought about this changed attitude, towards each other, of the French Church and people — Lacordaire. If we are wrong in this sur mise, we are wrong in what will be considered, by Catholics, at all events, very good company. An able writer in the Dublin Revieiu has given a condensed but searching essay on the 'labours of Lacordaire. He has, however, only men tioned incidentally a fact or two of that part of the life of Lacordaire which was not identified with his life as a preacher. He has, - no doubt, purposely avoided touching on the political aspect of that portion of his life, although it must have had an immense and almost immediate in tin en ce on French politics. The essay was evidently written before the outbreak of the war, fur there is not a single allusion made to it. The writer's palpable aim is to make manifest Lacordaire's Apostleship in popularising the Church. This he did by calling out from the pulpit the watch words ' Religion — Liberty — Progress,' which instantly' rang throughout the length and breadth of France — watchwords which banished for ever those of the Communists, with which so many dreadful reminiscences Were connected. He who had once been a sceptic himself denounced scepticism and infidelity — alike in high and low places — wherever they attempted to conceal themselves. To use the words of the Essayist : — ' In the person of Lacor daire she (the Church) rose from the attitude of sufferance, of timidity, of wait ing for kings, of watching for ministers, and confronted on her own merits and with her own resources, the demands, the prejudices, and the .?indifference of a generation that seemed to have ceased to take her into account.' ' There is something,' he says, ' in Lacordaire's first appearance in Notre Dame that is as impressive to the thought as most of the scenes that live in the world's memory. It was not the conquest of a nation to the Church as when St. Rcme baptized Clovis. It was not the spectacle of a believing people rising in enthusiasm, as at the call of St. Bernard or of Peter the Hermit. It was not Bossuet declaim ing to kings and nobles on the death of the great, or to splendid prelates on the Unity of the Church. It was the religion of Jesus Christ asserting itself to the nineteenth century.' Immediately prior to the commencement of Lacordaire's ' Conferences' Atheistical and dangerous works, which were supposed to have died out, were being reprinted numerously. In Lacordaire's own phrase, ' a whole army of ghosts was summoned up by the call of angry fanaticism to do battle against the Church and the deluded gene ration thought the ghosts were flesh and blood.' Agaiusfrthese he battled as well as against the narrowness and theilliberal con ventionalities of the age. Lacordaire's power over the prelates of the Church was as orda re had been in- early life a sceptic. He had studied and practised the law. He afterwards gave up that profession, en tered the Church and lived many years in secluded meditation. When he first gained notoriety he was accused of 'novelty in manner and in matter, and of preaching revolution and anarchy.' The Archbishop of Paris who distrusted and feared him set up preachers to draw the multitudes away from him. But he went to hear him, and the result1 was, that Lacor rJaire was appointed, to, Notre Dame, where h« continued for a long period to preach,, year after year. ' Great men pushed their way to listen : Chateaubriand, Berry or, Lamartine, Odilon-Barrot, and Victor Hugo.' He preached also in many of the principal cities of France — in cathedrals shelled and profaned recently by Prussian hordes — and his voice was re echoed by prelates and professors, since become celebrated in the history of France and of the Church — by Mgr. Dupanloup, Mgr. Parisis and numerous others; The clergy had previously feared the Revolu tionists, but Lacordaire taught them to rise above their fears., And as the unmistakable result of I lacordaire's cry of ?'? Religion, Liberty, Progress,' ' we find a weak arch bishop of Paris trying to shake the Church free from the trammels of the State, which encumbered her—fearlessly telling Louis Philippe, in 1846, that 'The Church wants liberty not protection.' When Lacordaire began his mission- — to use the words of the Essayist — 'the future, was very dark. Kings, nobles. -.ministers, bishops, clergy, and people had all done their share in wrong- doing or in making mistakes during the half- century that followed 1815. But Lacordaire believed that France was moving and moving in a right direction. He heard the sound, as he says, of a people marching towards good by crooked and hidden paths. * * * He heard amidst the madness of wild liberty, and the wailings of those who re gretted a past order of things, and the cynical sneers of materialist philosophy, the cry of a new generation that was be ginning to feel how impossible it is to live without something to believe, and some thing to worship.' He loved independence with the love of an Arab, he shook him self free from conventionalism, he ranged ' ' ? \ himself on the side of the people, but he never prtached one £woid condemned by the Church. He graved his lesson deep in the heart of the French people. Who shall estimate its humanizing effects during the recent death struggle of France? Who shall say what would have been the result had the Revolutionists not been in alliance with religion. 