THE SILVER PIN. j By Jack Tbujouh. I -ran sway to era vbeu'f was fourteen years old, and I've been a sailor ever since, and shall be until I die. I love the sea, and I hope they'll set me afloat on it at last, instead of piling sods over me ashore ; but none the less I ' did a wicked, lubberly trisk when I ran away from home. My mother was a widow. She lived in a little house, built wben you oonld bear the sea -.?til.!..*, -l _f_t.L — _ Zt ^L _-* «~~-:__ I... *_ll t.^_ what had become of my fattier, who went out in his ship when I was a baby, and nothing was 'ever heard of either again.- Only, if the Polly Truetnan had been above -water, she'd have oome to port, and nothing oonld 'have' kept her from it. Well, I always hankered after the sea, but mother slwayVisid 'No. pn lost enough by the cruel water,' she said. 'My Eben is gone, and! can't give up my boy Ben.' That was when old Captain Stokes offered me a berth, and I begged &\- take it. Bnt you see, she held out, and sent me to a lawyer's office instead, Mid there I drudged, sick and tired of it ill; and spending all my leisure time on the wharf, looking at tbe ships.. Aodlgot to. know the sailors, and told 'em how I wanted to go, but mother wouldn't let me i and at long and at last one of 'em says, 'Ben Trueman, women are -always set agin theses. Bun away.' She'U forgive fm when you take her home jour first wage*.' So, one day, what did I do but ship/frith a captain that wanted men and boys.. I left my old straw-hat by the water-side, sad some other of my clothes too ; and, before I started, I told mother 1. was going a swimming. WeU, God forgive a boy ; he's no mon heart than a bear. Still, when I turned into my hammock I used o think of mother, I'd see bet as.l left her, in her black drees,' with the little pin made out of silver, for all the world the image of ? schooner, rigging and all, in her collar, sitting mending a shirt of mine, *nd singing wftly to ( herself, her hair u black as jet, Jler cheeks as red as the sunny iiide of a pear, and the sunlight catching her as she rocked backward and forward. I prayed the prayer she taught me, and I kept out of mischief for her sake. And the voyagttovef, I jumped upon shore, crazy to see her, ready to cry with joy at tbe nope of it. All my wages wen in my pocket — a year's -wages— snd I'd pioked ap a green parrot and a lot bf shells for her. - I ran ttp the street swinging the cage, -with *be shells under my ana in a bag, and I bunt into our house yelling, like a pilot in, a fogs 'Mother, mother, I'm home again 1' And a strange Woman turned about on the hearth, when she stood rooking something, and says she : ' Have you gone craly, young man V 'I'm Ben Tmeman,' says L 'Where's mother.11 ' You an't Widdy-Trueman'a son ?' says she.1 ''Yes.irsa/'eayslw ' Lord forgive you then I' says the woman. ' 1 suDnose von ran &wav; tb sea. She thonffht you was drowned. I saw , her. when I bought this house, a broken-hearted critter. Says she, 'I've got to go or die. Ths tea is too dose iBre— I hear it all night. It says, I've gat Eben, .and I've got. Ben; I've got Eben, and I'vegot Ben, over and over again.' She went away eyesr ago. H ahe'idasdorcrsiy, you've killed her. What do folks care for their boys for! they never get no thanks.' ' When is she I' I asks. 8ay» she, 'I don't know. Dead, I reckon. She looked like a decline.' And nobody could tell me when to find her. And I advertised, and I travelled, and I asked everyone X met if they knew WidowTneman ; bnt she owmed to -have gone out of the world. 1 began to thmk she was dead. When I sailed the sea again, it w« likes murderer. I had no test or.peaoe. Just as they say the picture of the dead man oomes before thsir eyes, my mother came before mine, rocking, in ont of the sunlight, in her sewing chair, with, her black Juur.. ahlninR, and the ?littleirilvor schooner tbininsjwhite against her dark dress.- It. seemed' si %' I -never , should have ;*ny peace.. After srery Voyage I went ashore sad searched, but never found her. I would have drowned. myBSlf, only that I had no proof she was dead, and I felt I must search on until I knew. I saved all my.aoney for her, if ever X found her [ bnt I didn't hope to do that, somehow. But I did my duty. 'At last, ftomaeoond mate to first mate I got to b« captain. Ha one in the world cared for me. I loved women, but . never courted one,' for, fear it should keep me iromseanihitig lot mother. . And 1 was twenty eight years old, and felt ? -gnat deal, older, when; coming to port one1 -day, I went ashore, as a sailor is always glad to do, and walking up oneof the main streets I *aw down on« of the .bye-streets, * sign hanging out, with 'Fair' on it— fair for the aid of the SaOon* Home, or something of that sort. And, teeing it was for sailors, itsesmedmy duty tohmdadnand; so I set sail towards it, .and there Was a piotore— jost the prettiest craft I ever saw, all full ringed, with mon hair than 2 ev«r sswgrowed on women's beads afore, behind the tables. Dolls -and china, and. cakes and cnam, and kick-shsws. And one amUas at me; &nd; ano ther offers me this {or my lady, and that for my lady ; and one says, ' Buy a present for your ittle girl, sir.' And I makes ajww, and ssys I, ' t haven't any, mia, all the same, thank VAtl. Tf Witt'll -iw)l M «h«« l^ia 4t*nfc*tn'ft office is, ra settle op ; and I'll treat aU hands to aweets, if they'll aoeept it' . Twasn't the way to do, I suppose, .for they only laughed. But pretty soon aeuugjymas. took me in tow, and snowed me how to steer; and. finally we dropped anobot. at what they called a ' grab bag. Yon paid half .a-crown, dove in, and .grabbed a ticket in I went — out I came, and . what it was I didn't know ; but one of the young ladies bokedat my paper, an! handed roeaenjalt packet, wiioh ene said was my 'prixe.' When' I looked at it, I felt electric currents up my arm, and shivers down my back. It was a little thing. I held it up to the light, and then 1 shontedont, and I don t -smew what aime .over me. IV was a silver pin, like a full-rigged schooner. And I knew then never was hut enelika it, for it was madetaorder. Tbe clergyman took me to a quiet room and gave me some water. . He thought I was threat ened with apoplexy. - Bat I came to pretty soon, -and get breath tocpeak. ' Look sere, chaplain,3' says L 'You see afore yon the worst «iuner, ever you preached o. I ran away from my mother when : I was fourteen yean old, and 'I've searobed for her in .vain ever since. Ibis is her pin. How did you flvmeoyttf 'Anold lady cave it,' Mid he, 'A kind of widow's mite, .{it's for tbi sailors,' say* she, : 'and my.iBabandi was, *,*ailor. I've got no thing else.'- Don't {smt«0um-my4jsnd.-i Keep calm. - Goatteered you .into. import. ToTi'ye found .yoiit *rwf^ity ? Tf Jf*r TVMntf' T*f s ^Vwwi^f^ *' .WeU, I was so owrjoytd -that I. actually kissed him. I took him in my arms' aba sqneewd his breath half outsHdjn. :And I forfced.-wer. a .tennet for the Biancy Sain sol set sail for tbe house when he said mother lived. It was rery poor i hat when I got Jiere I saw4he dooropenj and there ah* Sato iH«r hair was noteoMvfceJ! itused tohtbut it ifas lust » smooth. She sat rocking ip and fro, and the lamplight caught her now and again, j just as ttieannlight did when [left her. ? 'Mother,' says I. 'Mother.' \- She started np. 'Do ghosts, oome back 1' said she. ' That's Ben's voice.' ' Mother,' says I again y. and then I had her' in my'Sxros* i Asd she ixocsaye jns^s^nother always do; and, ploase God, weliiteep to- gether as long as we both live. Playino Et/ohkb nr CHUBCH.—At Springfield, Masa., recently, oite of the pews in a Presbyteriti) Church was oc cupied by two young me» and * yoonj woman, who sat between them. As the; appeared to pay little attention to the remarks of th« ministw, and eeemod enf gaged in something very attractive among themselves, the sexton stepped up, and then he saw the young lady's dress drawn tightly across her knees, and the trio en gaged at an exciting game euchre »t twenty^ five cents a corner. Many of the emigre; gatiou fainted 'upon learning the true atatt of affairs. 