To Hie Editor of tke Evening News. Sib,— In your paper of the 23rd instant, there is an article copied from the Melbourne Argus, giving an account of the successful application of Professor Hal ford's remedy for snake bites. As an act of justice and gratitude to an old aud valued friend, whom I had not seen, until this week, for twelve years, the following information will not only be gratifying to him, but also useful to the public :— When I started from Sydney, in company with my wife, on a peregrination through the interior, in 1859, 1 took with me a great many of Dr. Sallet'e cards, the same as the enclosed, containing the remedy for snake-bites, which I distributed for the benefit of suffering humanity. No one can fail to per ceive that this remedy is almost identical with that o{ Professor Halford's, with the exception of the injection process, which is of very doubtful improvement, and certainly not practicable up the busbl Besides, Mt ns. Sallet's remedy is so simple and within the reach of everybody — for carbonate or baking Boda is found almost in every house and on every bullock driver's dray. Soda possesses the same alkaline pro perty as liquid arnonla, and consequently answers the same purpose, if not better, because it can be applied thick like poultice on the wound. To ensure a certain cure, an immediate alkaline application in the shape of amonia, soda, chalk, or lime is absolutely neeestary before the poison has time to perculate through the veins, for its excessive acidity soon chills and decom poses the blood— thus it L- necessary, in addition to the antidote, to create an artificial heat, either through the medium of alcoholic drinks, or the cato' nine-tails— or both. I remember once in the Kock hampton district, on the road to Farroom, where a bullock-driver was bit by a black snake. I fortu nately was camping close by at the time and instantly gave some carbonate of soda, and also liquid amonia to wash the wound first ; those articles I always kept for nutralizing ray photographic chemicals. His mates then took it in turn every alternate hour to let him go thro gU a course of penal punishment, only it was done leniently with switches, and with an anxious desire to save his life, in which they succeeded, after giving him plenty of ruin and no sleep for a day and a night. I have sometimes cured my horses after snake-bites, by merely ridiug them hard until covered with perspi ration, and gettiug up several times in the night to stir them abeut, for horses kindly treated cling to the csnip when sick, and seek a sequestrated spot to die. By neglecting the usual remedy I once lost a valuable horse at Lumorc, on the Richmond Kiver. He was bit on the fetlock by a green snake, at Gunderimba , he stood for days, without eating or moving, unless stirred After a short run in the waggonette to Lismore, I thought he was going to survive, for he brightened up considerably. In consequence of my time being so '''' «n*iMi»i!u m uusmess poor stumpy was again neglected. He lingered for a few days and at last came to the waggon., as if to wish us good-bye, and then went to each of his mates that were tied on the tether, to rub noses, and then feebly crawled along to ine scrub to rest his weary bones, and where soon his flesh became food for crows. In talking about snakes, I think that the followine anecdote may not be uninteresting :-When campin on the banks of the Clsrence'aii Yeates's Flat some six or seven years ago, a good-hearted, though simple minded son of Erin was passing with his swag— he oyfuUy accepted of our hospitality in the usual hearty bush style, of beef, damper and tea— Pat sud denly perceived a diamond snake crawling from Hsneath the log. which made him tremble in his shoes he clenched his fist and said, ' I am an Irishman,' the reptile gradually recoiled, and soon aSain made his appearance, when Pat more emphatically than before eclaredthat, 'By St. Patrick, I am an Irishman ' u JLy- ¥auJ 6™^?% ^d slowly receded, and on ne tnird time making his appearance, Pat became funous and frantically exclaimed, -fa the nW7f th% father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost and the holy St. Patrick, I am an Irishman.' The poor snake was so much frightened that he instantly Vis appeared for the l&st; time, and nothing in the world Parramatta, March 25^ LOEAND° J0NES oir^f t^T^f '?? the direc^0Ils °n Dr. gallet's card, Ol'--'ated by Sir. Jones, as above described ? ? Ths part bitten must be washed at once with water or even there will thus be no danger. If there is no ammoniaitobe had put gunpowder immediately on the weond, and set fire to It ; this will entirely destroy the infection. Should gun powder not be at hand, the fin U«eU most be applied. This is painful bat would be preferred by many to scarifying the flesh. I have known persons (generally blacks), who, when bitten, have sucked the wounds, and by this means saved their lives.— ti. 6A1J.ET. ' Found Dead on Htde Pabk.— The man who was found dead on Hyde Park some short time ago was named William Laidley, an Englishman, and lived u waiter in the Flying Scud eating-house for eighteen months, and left last December in consequence of ilmesB. He also lived at Jolly's, 192, Pitt-street, and was discharged in consequence of intemperate habit?. Accident to Mb. John Tait.— The public of Sydney, no less than the personal friends of Mr. Tait,. will repret to hear that on Sunday evening last he met with a serious accident, which might not only have resulted in a broken limb but in Iocs of life. Mr. Tait, in stepping after tea out of a well-lighted room into the dark at Tocal, unfortunately fell over the parapet of the verandah, and sustained severe injuries to the left leg, from tbe knee to the foot Remedies were fortunately at hand, and with their skilful use by his kind hosts Mr. Tait was enabled to leave nis bed yesterday morning, and arrived safely last night at home. The Newcastle Industrial School.— Yesterday morning a deputation, consisting of Messrs. Wallace, Hannell, and Captain Cross, was introduced to the hon. the Colonial Secretary by Mr. G. A. Lloyd, M.L.A., for the purpose of presenting a resolution adopted at a recent public meeting of the inhabitants ,, of Newcastle, urging upon the Government the neces sity for removing at once tbe industrial school and reformatory to a more suitable place. Mr. HannelL in explaining the object of the deputation, stated that the views of the inhabitants represented at the meeting referred to were that, not only on their account, but on behalf of the inmates of the ; ? i.2i ? l; ? £l ___ J__£__i_l_ il.i £1. _l_..U lu. lasubuiiiuxj, ill w«e uceiiitujc bunii it buuiuu mo removed to a more suitable locality. At present the place could be overlooked on three sides, either wholly or partially, and there was nothing to prevent all the reprobates of the town from actually inciting the inmates to riot. The scenes which had occurred and the language used were beyond description, and far exceeding tbe worst exhibitions of the most notori ous personB from the factory at Parramatta'in days gone by. There were some at present in the institution who would never have been sent there had the justices who committed them used discretion. Moat of them have led suoh immoral lives that it was worse than useless to confine them, especially in the midst of those less experienced in crime. There was no employment forthem, and after 6 o'clock they werelocked up to breed mischief amongst those less experienced around them. Captain Cross pointed out that already property in the vicinity of the institution had depre ciated in value, and that unless something was done to remedy the evil complained of, the inhabitants would Hot remain near the place.— Mr. Wallace said that it would be a great boon to the inhabitants if the institution were removed. At present, although he lived about the eighth of a mile from it, frequently his family had to close the windows and remove to the back portion of the house, to avoid the hideous cries and noises, and ribald songs which the inmates sent forth up to even 1 and 2 o'clock in the morning.— Tho Colonial Secretary replied that he fully concurred that there could not well have been a worse selection of a site for the institution than it occupied. He concurred also in the belief that the girls must be removed. He had not hesitated to say, when the place was in his charge three years ago, that it was badly situated, and nothing but the dislike he had to inter fere with the arrangements of those actively engaged in its supervision at the time prevented him from urging his objections. Then there was a female super intendent, whom it was easy to see was never con templated by the Act. She was succeeded by a male, and then matters improved for a time; but they did not continue satisfactory, and he (Mr. Eobtrtson) was inclined to think -that the management had had' something to do with it. It was easy enough to propose to remove the institution, but the Government had spent muca money upon the place, and a removal of the inmates would, while necessitating further expense, leave vacant buildings which might or might not be made available for other purposes. As regarded classification in the place, there was a division between the girls in the reformatory and the industrial school, and if there were only a few girls in the latter, it was not the fault of the Government, but of the justices, who, having the power to send the females they committed to either the reformatory or the gaol, sent them to the latter. The original great mistake, however, was in putting the institution where it was, and it could be plainly seen that the Government would have to lose con siderably on the alterations made there, for in the meantime the use of it would have to be abandoned. The Government had not been idle in the matter ; and of the few places likely to be suitable for the reception of the inmates, two had been selected for the inspector of charities and the inspector-general of police to examine and report upon. The first was Cockatoo Island, the buildings on which would accommodate 300 persons with a very slight expenditure. There was no possibility of the inmates being overlooked there, and if they were insubordinate there would be no out siders to encourage them. Again, the place was large enough to afford ample means of reformation, and being not far distant from the seat of government, there would be facilities for sending quickly assistance to quell any disturbance. The great difficulty in the school was the want of employment, and steps would have to be taken to insist upon the inmates being made to work. Ihe second site that had been con sidered was Port Macquarie ; and the buildings there had, up to within the last two years, accommodated several hundred people. Its dis advantages were its distance from the seat of govern ment, and the difficulty ef landing there occasionally. The Government had not arrived at any conclusion, but one or other of those places would be chosen, for there was no question that the females must be removed f rem Newcastle, and it was a determination to do so that had induced the Government not to instruct the colonial architect to proceed with any further repairs ot the damages caused by the inmates at Newcastle. — Mr. Hannell pointed out that, from the remarks of the Colonial Secretary, it would appear that the object of the deputation had been in a great measure anticipated. —The Colonial Secretary said that so anxiouB was he to place a definite proposi tion for the removaljof the school before the Executive, that the report upon the site at Cockatoo Island had. that day been sent to the Minister for Works for his consideration. — Mr, Hannell pointed out that the land npon which the school now stood would, were it sold, realize at least from L7000 to L10.000.— The Colonial Secretary considered that it was not a question of so many pounds with the Government, but the necessity of a new site for the institution. No doubt the Sydney domain would find purchasers. — The principal business of the deputation being concluded, Mr. Lloyd stated that, at tbe request of several gentlemen in New castle, he was desirous, with the Colonial Secretary's per mission, of eliciting from the deputation their opinions regarding the late superintendent of the industrial school, Captain Clark. —In response, Messrs. Hannell, Wallace, and Cross severally expressed their high opinion of tbe gentleman referred to, which they said they shared with the public generally of Newcastle. The belief of the majority was that Captain Chirk had managed the institution satisfactorily, that he was not to blame for the recent outbreaks, and that, on the contrary, had been somewhat harshly treated by the Government in suspending him. — Mr. Lloyd remarked that what was hoped by the deputation, who repre sented the public of Newcastle pretty fairly, was, that although the Government was unable to retain Cap tain Clark in his former position, it would not pre I elude him long from another position in its service.— The Colonial Secretary said that if the public thought Captain Clark had been treated with undue severity it was greatly mistaken and misinformed. It was easy for snch a rumour to get about, but a mimte of his (Mr. Kobertson's) to the Executive Council, in Captain Clark's case, would show to the contrary. All sorts of complaints had been made against Captain Olark ; but he (Mr. Robertson) had experience of that officer, and had still great confidence in him, as well as in Mrs. Clark. He (Mr. Robertson) was not prone to censure unless the cause was pretty clear, and the suspension of Captain Clark had resulted from two admissions he '™ mwocii muue ; admissions wmen, wnile they did not affect his personal honour and character, were such as clearly indicated that he was not fitted for the control of such an institution as the industrial school. He had on one occasion placed eleven young women who were insubordinate, into six' cells, where they remained for six days and nights, and were only visited twice in each twenty-four hours. They had no mattresses, and in the cases where the™ ware twn »™._ fined in one cel^ it was impossible for them to lie down. excepting on the stone floor ; and, as the cells wmi only nine feet long, seven feet wide at one end, and only twenty inches wide at the other, there was nardlr room for them both to lie down at ill, as aiXSj the cell was taken up by a hardwood bench, ate solitary confinement, where the inmates were sinriv shut up, was enough to drive them mad. That was^e Government conceived, not the way to reform'^ hrrf^ft *'??? Thed- a youne »»«i who hid 'J°?Sht ,.? charge against CaptainCUrk rf k^K ^les with* her-a charge which vi (^' ;, ?obertB«-) believed to & enfeely dMBlS,taS ^ '*?£**? and ^™«gated bylom? Swfw,0'^1 CUrk- for U t«-e Sshwere ££? «nwt t III'11 ♦?lght S00B tolW- Tbe Govcnunent could not allow tbese proceedings, and hence thTin™ ? pension of Captain ClaVk. The^had beeniome dd£ ^?Twft^ ***''- the BxecutivrCoS for which he (Mr. Bobertson) took some blame -outit 