TOPICS. Presentation to the Rev. Ber nard Nevin. — The distribution of prizes to the pupils of S. Francis Xaxier's Christian Doctrine Society took place in Liits uameurai on Qunuay last. imme diately afterwards a handsome silver inkstand and a gold pencilcase were presented to the Rev. Bernard Nevin, who has been President of the Society for the last eighteen months, by the Secretary, Mr. Charles James, on be half of the teachers and pupils. The inkstand bears the following inscription — " Presented to the Rev. Bernard Nevin by the teachers of S. Francis Xavier's Christian Doctrine Society, September, 1871." Addresses were read expressive of the members' esteem for the President and x'egret at his de parture, to which the rev. gentleman suitably replied. Diocese op Brisbane. — The Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Brisbane, is about to return to his diocese, accom panied by twelve Italian clergymen, whose services his Lordship secured during his late visit to Italy. — Weekly Register. Diocese of Melbourne. — At the late Ordinations at All Hallows College, near, Dublin, the Revs. L. and R. Scanlan, and the Rev. J. Hegarty were ordained priests. The Rev. M. Meade, M. J. Sheridan, and W. H .Quirk (formerly of St. Edmund's College, "Ware), received the Order of the diaconate. Several other students re ceived Minor Orders for various missions in Australia, New Zealand, and Van Dieman's Land. — Ibid. Adelaide Corporation. — A meeting was held on Tuesday Sept. 19th. In answer to Mr. King, the Mayor said there was a general report from the City Gardener respecting the planting of cypress trees. No plans had been submitted from the Provincial Ga Company relative to laying down mains in the streets. In answer to Mr. Fox, he said nothing had been done to prevent the City By -Laws and the Police Act clashing. While Mr. Fuller was Mayor an arrangement was made with the City Solicitor to prepare three measures — the Market Bill, the Bui lding Act, and the one for the Consolidation of By-laws. Mr. Fox said that the charges were so high that woodcarters would not go on the proper stand, and he understood Mr. Beddome would not fine them, as the penalty was so heavy. The Torrens Dam Committee recom mended the adoption of the Bill for amending the River Torrens Amend ment Act, by giving power to lease a dam and waters impounded ; also that a " petition be presented asking that it may be considered a public Bill. Adopted. The Drainage Committee reported having met on September 7th and 14th, directed that medical men and others should be communicated with, and exa mined the Sanitax-y Inspector and Rate Collectors as to the state of the citv. The evidence is being fully reported, and advice will be held over till the enquiry closes. The following tenders were received: — No. |. Making Barton- road — Ten tenders. Simon Young's £80, accepted. Munificent Contributions to the Pope. — The Most Rev. Dr. Butlei, Loid Bishop of Limerick, acknowledges the donation of £100 from Viscount South well, and also two sums of £50 each from two citizens of Limerick, for the Holy Father. — Weekly Register. Inquest at Gawler. — On Thursday, September 21, an inquest was held on the body of George Taylor, of One-Tree Hill, who died suddenly at the Mill Trm on Tuesday. The evidence showed that the deceased had fallen from his cart and been kicked by the horse on One-tree Hill road. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. Lacepede Bay Railway. — The second reading of the Bill authorising the construction of a railway between Narracoorte, was carried by a majority of nine. The question of the guage to be adopted was discussed in Committee but no decision was arrived at. The Rev, T. James. — We are com pelled to hold over a review of this gentleman's opinions on Atheism and Communionism till our next issue, pub lished in the Protestant Advocate of Saturday last. Coroner's Inquest. — On Friday morning, September 22, an inquest was held at the Hospital on the body of Martin Brennan, an ex-detective who died the previous day from the effects of poison administered with his own hand. Mary Brennan, wife of the de ceased, gave evidence as follows : — About 7 o'clock the previous morning her husband said, " Will you take half of this (referring to the contents of a small bottle he had in his hand) and I ( will take the other half?" She said: " No." Brennan went to bed drunk the night before. He asked the child if she would have some. Took the child away. Sent one of the other children to ask him if he had anything to buy bread, tea, and sugar for their breakfast. He threw down a half penny, and said that was all he had. Mr. Howe's little girl came across, and said her father wanted to see Mr. Brennan. Her husband sang out that he could not see any one, as he could not pay his debts. Mr. Howe came across, and whilst he was speaking to her, she heard a noise in the room above as of some one retching. Ran up stairs, calling on Mr. Howe to fol low. Was looking about for the bottle from which the stuff which he had vomited had been taken, when Mr. Howe found it upon the floor. Her husband appeared to be sensible, but said nothing, and continued retching. Went for Dr. Mayo. De ceased threatened to commit suicide some two months ago, and she snatched the bottle from Mm. Believed the stuff he took was nitric acid, mixed with mercury. He used to carry it about with him to sell to persons for cleaning brasses and such things. De ceased appeared to be partially insane for some time, and on the morning of this occurrence he seemed to be very desperate in his mind. He was very poor. By j urors — Deceased was thirty- nine years of age. He was partially dressed when he took poison. The child he asked to take the poison was three years old. Other evidence having been given, the Jury returned the fol lowing verdict : — " That the deceased, Martin Brennan, committed suicide by taking a certain poison, viz., acid solu tion of nitrate of mercury, he being at the time in a state of temporary in sanity." Election Meeting at Norwood. — A public meeting of the electors of East Torrens was held at the Town Hall, Norwood, on September 21, "to take into consideration who are the most fit and proper persons to fill the vacancies in the Legislative Council." There was a large attendance. Mr. M. Hings- borough (Mayor of Kensington and Norwood) having commenced .the pro ceedings by reading the requisition, in compliance with which he had convened the meeting. His Worship was voted to the chair. He said he felt the duty which the electors had to dischai'ge of returning three members to fill the vacancies in the Upper House, was an important one : and he was pleased to know that they had such a number of candidates to select from. It gave the electors an opportunity of sending men into the Council who would serve the interests of the country. Mr. W. H. Burfoi'd gave a long and rambling account of his previous career in the colony, in which he murdered the Queen's English in a most barbarous manner, contradicted himself on almost every subject upon which he ventured to express an opinion, and wound up with a wholesale denunciation of the Advertiser , because that journal thought proper to characterize the proceed ings at the late meeting at the Town Hall, as " stale, flat, and unprofitable." Mr. Santo followed him in a similar strain, minus the denuncia tion of the Advertiser. Mr. Raphael gave expression to views which, with a little modification, must commend themselves to the approval of the electors generally. Mr. Storrie last, but by no means least, made by far the shortest, most sensible, speech of any of the candidates. His views and ours differ on many material points, still we are convinced that he is a man of integrity, intelligence, and education, and that, if returned, he will discharge his duties conscientiously; he is not one of those blatant, unprincipled demagogues, who will promise anything for the purpose of catching a vote, but he knows his own views, and how to express them clearly and intelligibly, and for that reason we shall not be sorry to see Mm returned. Agicultural Area Selections. — Mount Muirhead Aiea.-— At £3 per acre — John Me Arthur, of Mount Gam- bier, farinei', Section 650, 98 acres Hun dred Mount Muirhead, Country Gx'ey, £294. Narracoorte Ai'ea. — At £1 per acre — Thomas Hills, of Langhorne's Creek, farraei, Section 94, 130 acres Hundred Hynam, Country MacDonell, £130. Narridy Area. — At £1 5s per acre — Denis McMahon, Woodside, farmer, Section 16, 125 acres, Hundred Narridy, Country Victoria. £156 5s. ; Frederick Henry Thomas, of Hamilton, firmer, Section 75, 211 acres, do., £263 15s ; John Pasche, of Nai'ridy, farmer, Section 124, 47 acies, do., £58 15s. Broughton Area. — At £1 per acre — Isaac S. Baiistow, of Nairne, farmer, Section 238, 99 acres, Hundred Redhill. ' ounty Daly, £99 ; William Harrold Drake, of the Broughton, farmer Sections 108 and 109, 111 acres, do., £111. Dublin Area. — At £3 acre — David Miller, of Glenelg, farmer, Sections 89, 210, 212 , and 214, 557 aci-es, Hundred Dublin, County Gawler, £1,671 ; Edward Clark, of Grace Plains, farmer, Sections 197 and 198, 293 acres do., £879; James Meek, Hundred of Grace, farmer, Sections 211, 215, and 217, 329 acres do., £987 ; John Thomas Sutton, of Grace Plains, farmer, Sections 218 and 219, 255 acres do., £768. Gulnare Area. — At £i per acre, William Coe, of Hansborough, farmer, Section 36, 168 acres, Hun- died of Yangya Country Victoria, £158. Caltowie Area. — At £1 10s. per acre. — John. Wilson, of Gottlieb Well, shepherd, Sections 13, 14, 158, 503 acres, Hundred Caltowie, County Vic toria, £754 10s. ; Thomas Dunstan, of Clare, farmer, Sections 21, 22, and 23, 411 acres do., £912 John Dixon, of South Rhine, farmer, Sections 52 and 53, 351 acres do., £536 10s. ; James Kildea, of near Bagot's Well, farmer, Sections 55, 58 and 59, 622 acres do ., £933 ; Carl Gutte, of Kapunda. farmer, Sections 63, 64, and 65, 593 acres do., £889 10s.; John McColl, of Grace Plains, farmer, Sections 95, 101, and 104, 534 acres do., £801 ; Thos. Roberts, of near Clare, farmer, Sections 98. 99, and 10.0, 589 acres do., £883 10s. ; Coinelius O'Louglin, Peachey Beit, farmer, Sections 103 and 200, 420 acx'es do., £630 ; Michael Sniggs, of Grace Plains, farmer, Section 128, 291 acres do., £436 10s. ; William Royal, of South Rhine, farmer. Sections 135 and 201, 571 acres do., £856 10s. ; Ann Royal, of Mount Pleasant, spinster, Sections 136 and 197, 540 acres do., £810 ; Carl Wilhelm Hartwig, of Truro, farmer, Section 195, 262 acres do., £393 : Johann Gotthelf Lehmann, of South Rhine, farmer, Sections 206 and 207, 334 acres do., £501 ; August Gutte, of near Kapunda, farmer, Section 102, 298 acres do., £447. A Definition from One Point of View. — "I say, Arry, 'ow is it yer don't 'it it off with' Tom Wright?" — 'Arry: "Well, yer see, he's such a Cad! He's always talkin' rot about mental culture and that sorter thing, yer know, and yer never 'ear of 'is bein' in debt or gettin' tight — or doin' anythink manly, yer see !" A patient complained to his physician that he was pursued by a ghost the night before, as he was going home from the tavern. " What shape was it ?" asked the doctor. "In the shape of a jackass," said the man. " Go home," replied the physician, "and keep sober. You were drunk last night, and frightened at your own shadow." 