A NEW COCK-LANE GHOST. (From the Kew Turk Times, ¡Tay 3.J j TUBBS have recently been doings in Wayne County, Ohio, as marvellous as any that ever frightened Cotton Mather, or mystified Br. Johnson. In the little city of Wooster there lives a quiet and respect- able family, named Hoffman, which for nearly two years hus beon haunted and tortured by malignant Bpiriis. . The persistent demons cannot be entreated or exorcised away ; and their proceedings bear a like close resemblance to thosa_ of divers familiar imps conjured up by modern spiritualists, and to those of the famous Cock-lane ghost of a century ago. The I mysterious pranks that afflict the Hoffman family I were begun in- June, 1869, while the family lived in j Millersburg, Holmes County, Uhio. At that date by, way of keynote or prologue to the. weird drama to come, Mr. Hoffman one day lost two dollars from his purse. He did not at first attribute this to any Satanic or supernatural agency, although he felt subsequently called on to do so. Prudently resolving to hide his money more carefully in future, he went his way. But put his loose cash where he might, the cunning depredators spied it ou and relieved him of it. The poor man soon found that it was abso- lutely impossible to keep any funds about him at all ; and this was only tho beginning of his woes. Articles ot food and of dress began to disappear in the same unaccountable way. - Crockery fell from shelves without the aid of human hands, and was smashed to pieces. Stones, eggB, and other small objects were toBsed wildly about the house ; und now and then the unseen tricksters got up a little shower of gravel and sand, which would be playfully thrown in the faces of the inmates. Tho family were at first very naturally surprised and annoyed ; after- wards they got alarmed, and having unsuccessfully tried - every - means that - occurred to them, both to discover the causo of theso visitations and to puta stop to them, they resolved to quit their home. Mr. Hoffman took another house for his wife and three children - the latter being aged twenty, seventeen, and fifteen respectively- in the town of Wodster, at some distance from their, former abode ; while, with tho discretion that appears to characterise him, he took up his own temporary quarters at a mill where he waa employed. Tho family now hoped to remain unmolested ; but they soon found to their chagrin how trivial wero the. impediments of space or locality to their malefic attendants. The prudent Hoffman, indeed, escaped further attentions ; but, his spouse was' less fortunate. That lady and her offspring being domiciled at tho house of one Snooks in Wost Liberty-street, Wooster, now becamo the victims of an extraordinary series of persecutions. The clothes of tho mother and eldestdaughtor were first abstracted and then returned in fragments, having been out and slashed to pieces, Sometimes the garments would be stuffed in out-of tho-way places. One day, for example, most of the linen of tho family was discovered carefully packed in the mouth of tho cellar drain. Another time a silk dress was found under a wood-pile ; and skirts were dug up that had been deliberately buried in earth or sand. A fresh feature was now added to the entertainment, in the sb apo of notes that arrived, none knew, from whence,'although they sometimes appeared to be thrown from the collar.- These mis- sives contained various threats and admonitions. One \ of tho number advised Mrs. Hoffman, in a friendly way, that if she would ooma down the cellar stairs backward on hor knees, at a specified day and hour, she wetild find a box containing 2000 dollars. The worthy lady was anxious to clutch the glitter- ing prize, but, "being afraid of bodily injury, was dissuaded by neighbours from making the hazardous attempt." It ocourred to her,.not unreasonably, that the task might be more wisely undertaken hy her. husband; . and she therefore repaired to thatc/.utious porson at his' mill, and induced him to go with her to Wooster. The spirits, however, at this junoturc, promptly transmitted another noto to ¿he effect that no one could possibly get the money hut heiZ'uf ! ana we. aro no' surprised to hear by tho latest accounts that it has not yet been secured. By way of amends for ibis disappointment, the concealed nowers have begun a new and lively round of diver- sions. PouSä!""' aro beard öu the walls at night, stones from tho size of pebbles to that pf a man's fist aro pitched through the doors and windows, dishes rattle, nnd "a general rumpus is created, as if imps were holding high revelry." A bold young man, a visitor, having said . something disrespectful of the unseen agoncies, a red-hot stone was dropped on his head ; and; on taking but his pocket handkerchief, he found it was cut into shreds. All sorts of mysti- fications are practised. Mr. Hoffman, for instance, answered one of the " spirit notes," and put his reply in the cellar; but just as he got upstairs into the room above " his own note dropped on the floor by his side -all his family being present." The family are now quite impoverished by . tho thefts and other ravages of their demoniac tormentors. Mrs. Hoffman and her daughters have no clothes save those worn by them daily on their backs ; while the husband and father has only a singlo worn old working suit left to him. Nearly all the domestic utensils, such as plates cups, and saucers, and oven the table cutlery, have been either broken or carried away. Of course the obvious sugfrsänon is that all this miaohief has really baan wrought.by cunning mortals, and not by spirits at all. sad that, as with the artful William Parsons and his family in 1761, discovery, if long averted; must be certain at last. The local press declares that most careful watch has been kept,_ and that hundreds of men and women have visited and inspected the premises without being able to suggest any cluo to the mystery. Several clergymen and physicians havo investigated it, and a circle of pro- fessed spiritualists have likewise essayed to do so. As yet no light whatever has been thrown on tho matter and, so far as the postponement of deteotion goes, this Ohio ghost must certainly bo allowed to surpass in cunning his predecessor of Cook-iune, who so mar- vellously perplexed the wise heads of last century. 