MELBOURNE. Wednesday, 6 P.M. Mr. Webb,'junior, has asked Mr. Duffy for« subsidy to tho Californian mail route, but Mr. Duffy docliricd to promise, osoopt on tho condition thut Molbourne he made tho termini instead of nny other port. ?. ; ,. Tho Marqu!'s"ôrKo'rmârihy is staying at Toorak. -., Little Dick is firm at 100 to 8. ; In breadstuffs tho pricos aro un.iatiBfaotory. Sugars are "brisk. 'At': salea, flao; whito 'crystals ' brought £39 10s; ordinary wkitoi,.£37* I0i; soft, £35 to £35 lOSi -'? ' " '/? . ' .' ' ¡.''"Tho Curugoa was dofciincd by advorao. weather, hut sails to-day. ¡ [ . V ! ' . v 10.30 p.m. ; Tho Ministerial banquot will tako placo nt S ind . hurst to-morrow ; and it ia probrvMo that tho hull will not hold all who have purchased tickatn of admission. ? " * A strpng deputation from Gipps Land has pro- posed to tho Government to construct tho railway, lino, by private capital, nt a cost of £5000 per milo. Another sst of-liberal land regulations hn-J boon: . issued. Soloction is proceeding very rapidly. ' ' . :'?.'' ll p.m. ; '. Messrs. Dalmahoy Campbell' and do. report :-" . Tho calita na/irkot is still gluttod, 2500 being offurpd for ono wook. Prico3 aro mina depr.issol, medium pattie only fetching storo prices. 25,000 shoop woro ? ya'rded,"ahd primo qualit¡03 aro Armor, with others uniiltorod. - .PENSIONS "poa .COLONIAL Govuuxoaa-Wo ol>3orve from: our files that the atteutioii of tho Importal Par- liament'has'been called to the unjust working of tho prdseht Colonial Governors' Ponsion Act. According to the Aot of .1865, no governor oould reoeive a ponsion \- until he was sixty years of age. Of more than soventy governors, only eight or nine had derived any benefit from; this measure. A rotura gives a list of fifty-one óx-governors who received no peanion;at all. A motion ; by. Ht. Baillie Cochrane for a select committee of inquiry was withdrawn, on Government undertaking ^óTeÜresn all oaBes of hardship as they may occur, ..THEIFBMALE Sótlóoi,or IKDOSTIIT,-It ia announced that ion tho 10th August next a grand ball is to bo given In the Masonic Hall, ia aid of the funds of the Fomalo School of Industry;; so that, in, tho course of throe weoks,.tho.publio of.Syduey will havo anppppr-. " tunity of r>aïronizï6g lind' 'supporting" an' Institution whian hasabjeols of all others the mont laudable and . philanthropic. The intentiousof tho ladies immediately oonnocted with the institute aro to rescue unfortunate young girls from the worst possible probable fate,-und to bring them up" with a lovo of all that is honest, good, -and virtuous ; to educate them for various (. position's in -life, and to inculcate in thom tho groat principles, pf rospeot for themselves, and for all those ."voltri whom they may oome In contact; and if i» ".lábUéa thoreoan be centered loftier and moro praise 'worthy aspirations and aims, we havo no conception of them. Among tho ladies connected with the school> are f hose who'havu all along Deon found; in .- the van ''when any good waa to bo performed; and even this alone would insure, support to the undertaking ; . but' . b.QJC ojÄob«J»9Ki"KUl_it npt roóolve whoa it'is kuown' rand'that the children there aro being brought"ùp'inîHo ¡¿rñoBt creditable .manner. The ball is undor the highest ? patronago, and'rio doubt th» suçceas which has attended' similar undertakings on previous ocoaiions will'agairi bo met wjth; j'We ourselves wish it every succossY ,; .-> THE ;KEV.- CWIÍLIAM .TAYLO'B.-Tho following defter has. been received by Mr. M. Kingsborough, of Ade- laide, /from,the. Rev.. William', Talyor,' the American' evangelist:-'^ Delhi,' .'India",'.May 15th',; 1871. Dear Brother-I miuleabout a four mouths' tour iu connec- tion with our American Methodist, Conference hore. The mission is' in its ,infanoy, built up ainoa.the mutiny, and honco our ööngrogation« and working force small ; but, for' tho time spent lu each plnco, wo had .a blessed work.'"of, God. Over COO souls professed :to ¡obtain peace- with God, a large proportion of thom Being.; nuder training -before. Ceylon missions 'are about four times ns old ios thia. I havo yot'two 'or three months''work to do'for thorn in tho hills' this summer. _By the hills are meant tho habitable rangea of tho Himalaya, âloantains,^ whore ' who can afford it go in 'summer to escapó tho hoat of the plains. I am.-stopping down ia tho heat till abou^tho-ls t.of.J line.. .J3ad.tiino fou. S|ieoiiil services, but still I koop at lt,, and seo some good results.. I wrought'three weeks,recently iri.Meorut (Mirat), whero -the mutiny of 185/was hatched, " My work there,wai in the Church of the Sootoh Kirk ohriplain, but tho meet- ings were under the joint superintendency of both tho ^Scotch and tho Anglioan chaplains. Wé> had a good work, considering tho season-over twenty Beckers forward; about a dozen were saved. With ,the oon-. currenco of ,both ministers, I organized a class, of over ; thirty members, and appointed, two leaders-one Scotch and the other Anglican. It is to meet cvory Mond'ay~nightr~"It"lsm-llviiig vino,-planted in a dry hard 'i soil,, but I think it will grow and prcduoo fruit, ipr God. I am in good health ; never botter. God is'¡ ? with nie, and leading rae whjthersoover He will. . I am"' cow at work in native Baptist Churches, and seeing some good being done. Tours in Jesus, WM. TAYLOR.? RAID AGAINST WILD HOUSES.-A correspondent of tho Dalby Herald1 states that wild horses 'having beaomo : so numerous : on, Danaiore, : aud their market value so low, tho proprietor has determined to destroy them on tho run -.rather ;-than : incur, the' expenso of mustering. A" gentleman well known in this district a's a crack- shot, has now taken tho contrnot to shoot them.' " Aftér' trying all sorts of dodges and schemes to get within range, ho has hit upon tho following plan,_whlchanswors admirably :-Ho hs- .-btaincd lind dried the skin of au "old mau" kangaroo, ' which bc fixes upon lus own body, 'making himself dook aslike the original owner as possible. The skin of the tail, about a '- foot of which ho, has cut off, hangs loosely ' from his ooat-tail. When a mob of horses is sighted, ho passes '. the barrel of - his rifle butween his legs and - down tho hollow of tho tall, holding tho stock in his hands. Ho then hops slowly nod gracefully , oh towards where tho horses aro grazing or in'camp. When ho gets^'ufBciehtly near, ho turns his back to llio doomed aniuir.b.'lowors his head ns if ho wero going to feed, tho tail rises, a report is hoard, and a horse dropB. AB many as twonty have been shot in one day by adopting this- plan« and four and Uve in ono. mob.as they, keep coming up to the slaughtered ones, not knowing what. the deuce is up. During the last few weeks no less than 240 wild horses havo been shot. "? 'TATTOOING WHITE MEN.r-A niau iu Hobart Town hamed Isoao Comer, who has,a string of convictions against his name quite appalling, but who, af tor a long prison lifo, has been at liberty since 18117, has his body nearly covered with marks indelibly tattooed into tho skin. ,. The following almost incredible list, of . such marks should, we imagine, leave no doubt ns 'to his' identity should he at any future-timo bo required : On his right arm-man smoking a pipe, S. C., woman with glass, Jane Bell, woman and man smoking a pipo, BvC'f glass and jug on table, roan,' 0.0.,- sundry stars, a half moon, man anil woman hand In hand, sun, woman with glass, W. M., woman with glaBs, mermaid, and sun.. On the back of bis right hand-anchor, crucifixion, J.B., J.d.. and seven stan. A llug on the' middle.finger of right hand. On his left arm -High Iander» man with hat in his hand arm-in-arm with-a ' woman, B. J. C, hluo square, turkey fowl, sun, J. C., j. B., ofown, anchor (upside down),'oruoilix, anchor, .' ?un,,woman, crucifixion, sun, half moon, nine dofs, hciirt and darts, and shears. Bracelet on loft wrist. Oá'báckof left;hand-twonty.ono dots, seven stars, 'anohor. fivo hearts, A.J.B., and san. Ring on each finger of loft hand.: r On u'lsjbreaat- ship, monnaid.r hull of a ship, two mon sparring. On hiB right thigh woman, seven stars, oruoifixion, sun and moon. Oh his left thigh-man smoking a pipo, mermaid with comb and looking glass, seven stars, a woman with dove in her hand, man hanging from a gallows, man and ladder. There is «Iso a ring round his stomach. Seven stars, two riñes, and anohor inside his legs, besides marks on other parts of IIIB body.-Hobart Town Moroury, "pEDESTIUANiasr.-Dynon ¡iud Morrice ¡ire matched to run 100 yards /or £5 a side, on Saturday, tho 5th of .August next, on tho Ucindwiclc-ioad ; to ¿"tart by report of pistol. . Dyriou and fiilohiint run on Monday next for £10 a aldo, lioth men aro not without f rienda, and n great raco is anticipated. ToiiTTio.ii, STATE PjttaoNEtis.-Tho cnmmitteo of tho released Irish State prisoners held their usual weekly meeting on Tuesday night. Taroo of thenewly rbleasfcù ¿nen-Koliy, Fenncil, and Golding-have arrived, from. New Zoalaud, and it was stated that two others-Flood »ad Bailes-nw expiated in a day or two. ¡ Whilst at Christ ohuroh, New Z.ilund, about. L350 waB subscribed towards this fund, and in Sydnoy, nineo their arrival, tho parties holding oinU for oollec tion havo added considerably to tho fund, Several accounts wcro pasied, and tho tro.isurer wai ordered to pay timm. . . ..TliBFT.- At tho Coull ram pnlico court, Saturday, I July 15, James Robert ion, a lad thirtoon years, of ase, was ch argo I with Btnalm^ a suit of clothes fri'" tho trustees of the Koman Catholic orphan school, Parra- matta; . Sorgcanfc Fenton doposed that ho arrosted tho prisoner last night on suspioion of stealing a suit of tweed clothes. Ho was brought to the look-up. an«l wa? then taken in eharge. Ho'c.unc from tho Koman Oatliolio orphan sohool ivt Parramatta. In answer to a question, ho said ho lofc there on Monday. The pair, of trousers aro marked 113. Tho j-iokotaml vest tho boy has on ar^ of th? sume draT-!^;.^. Case dis- missed.-GouAViin. tl¿ra!d. .SUICIDE HY A ';TIN.«US.-A few days ago' appeared in this paper th ? report of a determined attempt at suicide by a Chinaman at Windeyer, hy cutting his throat and burning hitneuiï in a hat. It now appears by a, nutiuo ia tho Huilg.io A Ivortiscr that the man, whoso narnu waa Han lioo, is dead. An inquost was heid on his remains, but no further informntion was obtained as to the circumstances, or as to his motives for. self-destruction. , Ho appears, however, to Un ve been,'like tho majority ofilia countrymen, un inveterate consumer of opium, which finally culminated in insanity. Tho verdict rammed was to tho offset that tho deceased had como tn his death by an offnsion of tho ventricles of the brain. A ROMANCE.-Romanera in roallifo aro not always to bo inet with,- and tho adagothat "truth is stranger than fiction," is, aftor all, not vory frequently borno out by everyday experienco. Ona of these enies, how over, did occur in tho family of a we'dtliy nquatter on tho Wimmera a few dayl n^o, a setvint encased to attend on tho children having stepped into a tifio and a property of £tO.O0f), under thc naiiio of h id.V Elisabeth Morton. It would appear that tho lady, while acting as a servant in tho family, frequently assured those around her of her ariftooratio connections, but no ono oroditcd herbie. Sho came out, it appears, to this country without au education at all adequate to her position, and it is not improh tbio that but for tho efforts of an able lawyer in Melbourne, Lady Elizabeth Morton would have 'remained in a dependent position to the day of her death.--Pleasant Crock News. A SAD OCOUBRENCE. - A sad oconrronco took plaoa at Burrawang, noir Goulhn-n, on Monday last. A: poor,; but snbsv, industrious man of tho name of Wal-, lace, who has been a printer, nod whoso wife is within a tow days of her confinement, wont out with his wife on tho morning of tho above day. loaving in tho house nil that belonged to them, and bringing with them only the clothes that wore on their backs. On returning, in half-an- hour afterwards, they found tho house burned to ashes, aud all th.it it contained, including some £50 worth .of type. Tho poor man is out of employment. A subscription list was immediately got up to assist Wallace to get thc prico of somo clothes ; but, as tho distriot is a poor ons, I am afraid ho oannot get tho assistance ho so urgently requives, although tho peoplo, according to their means aro woll disposed. Any of your readors who might bo ohnritably disposed may inclose and address J, P. Wallace, Burrawang. DESTRUCTIVE FIRE AT SINGLETON.- We have to record a serious loss sustained by Mr. George Thomas Loder, of Wylie Flat, Singleton, by the destruction of five stacks of lucerne hay, estimated to contain at least sixty tons. From the information kindly placed at our disposal by Mr. Loder; we glean that he was returning home from Sydney on Sunday morning, and when passing by the stacks in question, about 11 o'clock, they were all right. Mr. A Hooke, of Ham- bledon Hill passed by the stacks on his way from church, about 2 o'clock, when everything appeared all right about them. A little after 3 o'clock, however, Mr. Loder's son noticed smoke and flames issuing from one of the five stacks. He reported it to his father, and both ran down to the stacks, which were at a distance of about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Loder's house, towards Singleton, A small stack farthest from the house had evidently caught fire first, and from that the fire extended to the others in a very short time. Every effort to save the five stacks from destruction, proved fruitless; the fire was very intense and it was impossible to get within yards from the burning mass. The stacks were enclosed by a four-rail fence, and a flock of sheep were sometimes yarded in the stockyard at night, so that any grass or herbage growing in the yard would be trod into the ground; so that if the grass outside the fence accidentally took fire it was not probable that it would extend to the stacks. Mr. Loder, there- fore, is almost certain that the fire must have originated in the stackyard, but up to the present time no clue has been discovered as to the cause of it. Several children were passing the stacks with some milking cows before the fire was first seen, and it is just pos- sible that they may have lighted matches there, although all of them denied having been near the stack when questioned. At all events no definite clue has yet been obtained as to the origin of this destructive fire. The loss was still more annoying to Mr. Loder, as he had just made arrangements to got the hay pressed for the purpose of sending it to market.- Maitland Mercury. A VISIT FROM THE DEAD.-Sergeant lamer has boen called upon to act as adviser to tho Chinese at Golden Point. A few days ago Ah Coon, who' some years since ' acted as Chinese interpreter nt Ballarat, waited on tho sergeant to ask his advice upon a very serious matter., . Ah Coon stated that ono night he was asleep in hm hut at 0 olden Point, when ho was aroused, by a tapping at tho door. He got out of bod, and looking out, Baw vanishing in tho darkness a misty row of figuros, with Chinese countenances, and clothed in long flowing i white robos. Ah Coon wondered, but seeing nothing moro, returned to his slumbers. .1'lu a few'moments.tho knocking commenced again, and this timo whoa Ah Coon went to tho door, ho says tho figures wore moro distinct, and ho saw that tho ^procession" was bonded by tho shade of an : old" 'Chinaman _ with a " long white beard. Again ..tho i procession ,'.'oi ghosts vanished," again .AU: Coon returned troublod to bed, and: again the knocking was resumed. , ; This time Ah Coon ponderedbeforo ho opened,the door... Ho.was su.ro his visitors were from tho other world, and ho .mentally reviewed his past lifo to try and remember if he had over mado any promises to tho dead and.loft thom unfulfilled.1 So suddenly recollected thai when tho cemetery authorities had, on' ncootict of tho danger. objcqted;.t»_th^bur.niiig ;_of.'; paper^?over- the -^Chiueso . I graves in.th' cern it cry, ho hud promised to baye a email fireplaces* ann'cM nn'cy orected'thoro for thopurppso of carrying out ' tho - Ohineso custom of burning* a certain 1 Jsiad of :. paper at: different:¡. times over tho graves of tho departed. This promise he bad not car- ried out, and he was «uro that this accounted for tho visita . of ; the ghosts. Having- arrived at tbis con- clusion,- Ah Coori went, to'tho door, and found the gbosta drawn up ' in a soruioirole beforo him. He addressed tho yenorablo Icadór in Chinese, promising to ! have tho, chimney crpctod,/ and apologising for bringing them out in such weather. Ah Coon has built tho chimney and fireplace, and hus since . slept undisturbed^: Tho same. Chinaman also informed the sergeant of another ghostly adventure, some.,years before This time Ali Coon was awakonod by some- thing pulling his shoulder, and when ho opened UÍB eyes he Baw a large cat with a'white breast standing beside hiin. He know,, from tho cat's behaviour,- that it was i not of this earth,' but it did not appear to understand Chinese when ho addressed it in that language, and tho animal also appeared-quite ru ignorant of English. Ah .Coon thon rcmemhered that in China, tho laud of his birth, it was generally understood that ghosts could nat hold pens or pencils. As . this cat could not or would not spenk. Ah Coon wanted it to write its requests or complaints; hut there was a difnoulty about holding tho pon. Chinóse ingenuity, howovor, soon oyéronme all difficulties. Ah Coon got an iron toa-tray, and having smeared it over with oil. sorinklod it with fine ushes. The whlto-bwawd cat understood nt once. r^WithMme. of ita : paws it . wroto in Ohinoso characters , on the toa-troy that it was tho spirit of a Chinaman, whoso body was at that moment lying buried in a drive at Long Gully, near Creswick. It asked Ali: Coon to havo tho body removed from thc claim and decently buried, and begged that if such a thing os an inquest was held, the body might not ba mutilated. The oat then melted away into thin air, and Ah' Coon slept. The next morning ho states that ho rodo to Long Gully, found tho body as described, nnd hiid.it buried after aa inquest, nt whioh .thero was no post-mortem examination, had boon held. Ah Coon wanted the sergeant to advise him as'to what ho should do in the ovont bf. another visit of the sumé kind, but tnrnor informed him that tho thing waa "out of his lino."-Bendigo Advertiser. ; V'/ Messrs Noakc, "Watson, and Nelson, members of tho Grenfell prospecting oommitteo, visited the Native Dog Creek prospecting party on "Tuesday last, and expressed themselves os highly satisfied with the work nccomplirhed by tho prospecting party. Tho funds are still satisfactory os collootcd by weekly contributions. Tho uicn aro down with their shaft at tun present timo ICO feet. 