LITERATURE. THE BATTLE OF DORKING. REMINISCENCES OF A VOLUNTEER. The interest excited by the article published under the above heading in the May number of Blackwoods Magazine, and the very limited opportunities enjoyed by the gene rality of readers of obtaining access to that periodical in these colonies, have induced m to select from it the more salient passages. The article is generally attributed to the pen of Colonel Hamley, whose "Operations of War, Explained and Illustrated," which he gave to the world about five years ago, proved his thorough acquaintance with the theory and practice of the art of warfare; and it is this special knowledge which lends so much vraisemblanee to the fictitious narrative here subjoined, since it has enabled him to describe with complete accuracy not only what might, but what, under certain conditions, inevitably would happen, supposing the preliminary circumstances to have come to pass in the manner indicated. The narrator of the story sits down a_d. 1925, to recite to his grandchildren the events which culminated in the Battle of Dorking, and the particulars of that decisive engage ment, which occurred 60 years previously. After briefly sketching the wealthy and prosperous condition of Great Britain jast before the German invasion, he proceeds to define the causes of the defenceless condition of the mother country. BOW THE OBASH CAME ABOUT. "first, the rising in India drew away a part of our small army; then came the difficulty with America, which had been threatening for years, and we sent off 10,000 men to defend Canada—a handful which did not go far to strengthen the real defences of that country, but formed an irresistible temptation to the Americans to try and taue them prisoners, especially as the contingent included three battalions of the Guards. Thus the regular army at home whs even smaller than naual, ana nearly half of it was in Ireland, to cheek the talked'of Fenian invasion fitting ont in the West, Worse still —though I do not know it would really have mattered as things turned out—the fleet was scattered abroad, some ships to guard toe West Indies, others to' check privateering tn the China seas, tad.'a large part totry andprotect our colonies ion the Northern* Pacific shorn of 'Amerioa,; where, with inoredible folly. we continued tb retain possesions which we could not possibly de fend. America was not the great power 40 years ago that it is now, but for us to try and hold territory on her shores which could otriy be reached by sailing round thb Horn, whs to absurd to if fehe baa attempted to take the Isle of Man before'the independence of Ireland. We see this plainly enough now, but we were all blind then. ■ r . " It was while we were in this state, with oar ships all over the world, and our little bit of an army cut up into detachments, that the Becret Treaty was published, aud Holland tad . Denmark were annexed. People say now that isS might have escaped the troubles which ctaae on us if we had at any rate kept' quiet till bur other difficulties were settled; bat the EogUah were always an impulsive lot: the whole country was boiling over with indignation, and the Government, egged on by the press, and going with the stream, declared war. We had always got out of scrapes before, and we believed our old luck and pluck would somehow pull us through. "Then, of course, there was bustle and huny all over the land. Not that the calling up of the army reserves caused much stir, for I think there were only about 5,000 alto gether, and a good many of these were not to be found when the time came; but re cruiting was going on all over the country, with a tremendous high bounty, 50,000 more men having been voted for the artuy. Then there was a Ballot Bill passed for adding 55.0C0 men to the militia; why a round unmber was_ not fixed on I don't know, but the Prime Minister said that this was the exact quota wanted to put the de fences of the country on a sound footing. Then the shipbuilding that began! Iron clads, despatch-boats,_ gunboats, monitors,— every building-yard in the country got its job, and they were offering 10s. a-day wages lor anybody who could drive a rivet. This didn't improve the recruiting, you may sup pose. I remember, too, there was a squabble in the House of Commons about whether the artisans should be drawn for the ballot, as they were so much wanted, and I think they got an exemption. This sent numbers to the yards, and if we had had a couple of years to prepare instead of a couple of weeks, I daresay we should have doue very welL "It was on a Monday that the declaration of war was announced, and in a few hours we got our first inkling of the sort of pre paration the enemy had made for the event which they bad really brought about, although the actual declaration was made by us. A pious appeal to the God of battles, whom it was said we bad aroused, was tele graphed back; and from that moment all communication with the north of Europe was cut off. Our embassies and legations were packed off at an hour's notice, and it was as if we had suddenly come back to the middle ages. The dumb astonishment visible all over London the next morning, when tho papers came oat void of news, merely hinting at what had happened, was one of the most startling thiogs in this war of surprises. But everything had been arranged beforehand ; nor ought we to have been surprised, for we had seen the same power, only a few months before, move down half a million of men on a few days' notice, to conquer the greatest military nation in Europe, with no more fuss than our War Office used to make over the transport of a brigade from AJdersbott to Brighton,—and this, too, without the allies it had now. What happened now was not a bit more wonderful in reality; but people of this country could not bring themselves to believe that what had never occurred before to England could ever possibly happen. Like our neighbours, we became wise when it was too late." Meanwhile, the bestpart cf the fleet had been decoyed down to the Dardanelles, and what remained of the Channel squadron was look ing after Fenian filibusters off the west of Ireland. Consequently what remained was inadequate to cope with the enemy, and thus it came to pass that we sustained A GEEAT AVAL DEFEAT. " "I had just come up to town by train as usual, and was walking to my office, when the newsboys began to cry, ' New edition— the enemy's fleet in sight!' You may imagine the scene in London! Business still went on at the banks, for bills matured although the independence of the country was being fought ont under her own eyes, so to say; and tbe speculators were active enough. But even with the people who were making losing their fortune, the interest in the fleet overcame everything else; men who went to pay in or draw out their money stopped to show the last bulletin to the cashier. As for the street, yon could hardly get along for the crowd stopping to bay and read the papers; while at every house or office the members sat restlessly in tbe common room, as if to keep together for company, sending out some of their number every few minutes to get the latest edition. At least, this is what happened at our office; but to sit still was as impossible as to do anything, and most of us went out and wandered about among the crowd, under a sort of feeling that the news was got qnicker at in this way. Bad as the times were coming, I think the sickening suspense of that day, and the shock which followed, was almost the worst that we underwent It was abont 10 o'clock that the first telegram came; an hoar later thewire announced that the admiral had signalled to form line of battle, and shortly afterwards that the order was given to bear down on the enemy and engage. At 12 came the announcement ' Fleet opened fire about three miles to lee ward of us'—that is, the ship with the cable. So far all had been expectancy; then came the first token of calamity. 7 An ironclad has been blown up'—' the enemy's torpedoes are doing great damage'—' the flagship is laid aboard the enemy'—* the flagship appears to be sinking'—' the vice-admiral has signalled' —then the cable became silent and, as you know, we heard no more till two days after wards. The solitary ironclad which escaped the disaster steamed into Portsmouth. Then the whole story came out—how our sailors, gallant as erer, had tried to close with the enemy; how the latter had evaded the con flict at close quarters, and, sheering off, left behind them the fatal engines which sent our ships, one after tbe other, to the bottom; how all this happened almost in a few minutes. The Government, it appears, had received warning of this invention; but to the nation this stunning blow was utterly unexpected." BOW THE NEWS WAS BECEIVED IN LONDON. "The panic and excitement of that day how the funds went down to 35; the run upon the bank and its stoppage; the fall of half the houses in the city; how the Govern ment issued a notification suspending specie payment and the tendering of bills—this last 'precaution too late for most firms, Carter and Co. among the number, which stopped pay ment as soon as my father got to tire office; the call to arms, and the unanimous response Of the country—all this is history which I need not repeat You wish to near about i my own share in the business of the time. Well, volunteering had increased immensely from the day war was proclaimed, and our regiment went up in a day or two from its usual strength of 600 to nearly 1,000. But the stock of rifles was deficient We were promised a further supply in a few days, which,' however, we never received; aim while waiting for tbemr the regiment had toa be divided into two parts, the recruits drilling with the rifles in the morning, and we old hands in tbe evening. The failures and stoppage of work on this black Friday threw an immense number of young men out of employment and we recruited up to 1,400 strong by the next day, but what was the use of ail these men without arms? On the Saturday it was announced that h lot of smooth-bore muskets in store at the Tower would be served out to regiments applying fortbem, and a tegular scramble tobk plaoe among the volunteers for them, land our people got hold of • oouple of hundred. Bat you might almost as well have tried to learn rifle-drill with a hroomntick as with old brown boss; besides, there was no smooth-bore ammunition in the country. A national subscription was octmed lor »■ -e manufacture of rifles at Birmingham, which ran up to a couple of millions in two days, hut, like everything else, this came too late. To return to the volunteers: camps had been formed a fortnight before at Dover, Brighton, Harwich, and other places, of regulars and militia, and the headquarters of most of the volunteer regiments were attached to one or other of them, and the volunteers them* selves used to go down for drill from no day, as they could spare time, and on Friday an order went out that they should be per manently embodied: but the metropolitan volunteers were still kept about London as a sort of reserve, till it could be seen at what point the invasion would take place. We were all told off to brigades and divisions. Our brigade consisted of the 4th Royal Surrey Militia, the 1st Surrey Administrative Battalion as it was called, at Clapham, the 7th Surrey Volunteers at Southwark, and ourselves, but only our battalion and one nulitia were quartered in the same place; and the whole brigade had merely two or three afternoons together at Brigade exercise in Bubhey Park before the march took place. Our brigadier belonged to a lino regiment in Ireland, and did not join till the veiy morning the order came. Meanwhile, during the preliminary fortnight, the militia colonel commanded. But though we volun teers were busy with our drill and prepara tions, those of us who, like myself, belonged to Government offices, had more than enough of office work to do, as you may sup pose. The volunteer clerks were allowed to leave office at 4 o'clock, but the rest were kept haid at the desk far into the night. Orders to the lord-lieutenants, to the magis trates, notifications, all the arrangements for cleaning out the workhouses for hospitals— these aud a hundred other things had to be managed in our office, and there wa9 as much bustle in-doors as out. Fortunate we were to be so busy—the people to be pitied were those who had nothing to do. And ou Sunday (that was the 15th August) work went on just as usual. We had an early parade and drill, and I went up to town by the 9 o'clock train in my uniform, takiag my rifle with me in case of accidents, and luckily too, as it turned out, a mackintosh overcoat. When I got to Waterloo there were all sorts of rumours afloat. A fleet had been seeu off the_Downs, and some of the despatch-boats which were hovering about the coasts brought news that there was a large flotilla off Har wich, but nothing could be seen from the shore, as the weather was hazy. The enemy's light ships had taken and sunk all the tUti iug-boats they could catch, to prevent the news of tbeir whereabouts reaching us, but a few escaped during the night aud reported that the Inconstant frigate coming home from North America, without any knowledge of what had taken place, had sailed right into the enemy's fleet and been captured. In town the troops were all getting ready for a move; the Guards in the Wellington Barracks were under arms, and their baggage waggons packed and drawn up in the Bird cage Walk. The usual guard at the Horse Guards had been withdrawn, and orderlies and staff-officers were going to and fro. AH this I saw on the way to my office, where I worked away till 12 o'clock, and then fifing hungry after my early breakfast, I went across Parliament-street to my clnb to get some luncheon. There were about half-a dozen men in the coffee-room, none of whom I knew, but in a minute or two Danvers of the Treasury entered in a tremendous hurry. From him I got the first bit of authentic news I had had that day. The enemy had landed in force near Harwich, and the metropolitan regiments were ordered down there to rein force the troops already collected iu thas neighbourhood; his regiment was to parade at 1 o'clock, and he had come to get some thing to eat before starting." ASPECT OP THE CITV. " I ran off as hard as I could for West minster-bridge, and so to the Waterloo station. _ " The place had quite changed its aspect since the morning. The regular service of trains had ceased, and the station and ap proaches were fuU of troops, among them the Guards and artillery. Everything was very orderly; the men had piled arms, and were standing about in groups. There was no sign of high spirits or enthusiasm. Matters bad become too serious. Every man's face re flected the general feeling that we had neglected the warnings given us, and that now the danger so long derided as impossible and absurd had really come and found us unprepared. But the soldiers, if grave, looked determined, like men who meant to do their duty whatever might happen. A train full of Guardsmen was just starting for Gnildford. I was told it would stop at Surbiton, and with several other volunteers, hurrying like myself to join oar regiment, got a place in it We did not arrive a moment too soon, for the regiment was marching from Kingston down to the station. The destination of our brigade was the east coast. Empty carriages were drawn np in the siding, aud our regiment was to go first A large crowd was assembled to see it off, including the recruits who had joined during the last fortnight and who formed by far the largest part of our strength. They were to stay behind, and were certainly very much in the way already; for as all the officers and sergeants belonged to the active part there was no one to keep discipline among them, and they came crowding around us, breaking the ranks and making it difficult to get into the train. Here I saw our new brigadier for the first time. He was a soldier-like man, and no doubt knew bis duty, but he appeared new to volunteers, and did not seem to know how to deal with gentlemen privates. I wanted very much to run home and get my great coat and knapsack, which I had bought a few days ago, but feared to be left behind; a good-natured recruit volunteered to fetch them for me, but he. had not returned before we started, and 2 began the campaign with a kit consisting of a mackintosh and a small pouch of tobaoco. " It was a tremendous squeeze iu the train; for, besides the 10 men sitting down, there were three or four standing up in every com partment, and the afternoon was close and sultry, and there were so many stoppages on the way that we took nearly an hour and a half crawling up to Waterloo. It was between 5 and 6 in the afternoon when we arrived there, and it was neatly 7 before we marched up to tbe Shoreditch station. The whole plaoe was filled np with stores and ammunition, to be sent off to the East, so we piled arms in the street and scattered aboutto get food and drink, of which most of us stood in need, especially the latter, for some were already feeling tbe worse for the heat and crush. I was just stepping into a public* house with Travels, when who should drive up but bis pretty wife? Most of our friends bad paid their adieus at the Surbiton station, but she had driven up by the road in his brougham, bringing their little boy to have a last look at papa. She had also brought bis knapsack and greatooat, aud, what was still more acceptable, a ba-kut cint&iniug; fowls, tongue, bread-and-butter, and biscuits, and a con pie of bottles of claret, which priceless luxuries they insisted on my sharing. '• Meanwhile the hours went on. The 4th Snrrey Militia, which had marched all the way from Kingston, had come up, as well as the other volunteer corps; the station had been partly cleared of the stores that en cumbered it; some artillery, two militia regiments, and a battalion of the line, had been despatched, and onr turn to start had come, and long lines of carriages were drawn up ready for m, but still we remained in the street. You may fancy the. scene. There seemed to be as many people as ever in London, and we could hardly move for the crowds of spectators—fellows hawking fruits and volunteers' comforts, newsboys, and so fortb, to say nothing of the cabs and omni buses; while orderlies and staff-officers were constantly riding up with messages. A good many of the militiamen, and some of onr people, too, had taken more than enough to drink; perhaps a hot sun had told on empty stomachs; anyhow, they became very noisy. The din, dirt, and heat were inde scribable. So the evening wore on, and all the information onr officers could get from tbe brigadier, who appeared to he acting under another general, was, that orders had come to stand fast for the present. - By this time, and while the volunteers were en route for Dorking, news reached them that the enemy had landed in force at Worthing. All was confusion and disorder, and in two days tbe invaders had got more than 20 miles inland, and nothing effectual had been done to stop them." WAITING FOR THE ENEMY. "The ignorance in which we volunteers, from the colonel downwards, were kept of their movements, filled us with uneasiness. We could not but depict to ourselves the enemy as carrying out all the while firmly his well-considered scheme of attack, and contrasting it with our own uncertainty of purpose. The very silence with which his advance appeared to be conducted filled us with mysterious awe. Meanwhile the day wore od, and we became faint with hunger, for we bad eaten nothing since daybreak. No provisions came up, and there were no signs of any commissariat officers. It seems that when we were at the Waterloo station a whole train fall of provisions was drawn up there, and our colonel proposed that one of the trucks should be taken off and attached to our train, so that we might have some food at hand ; but the officer in charge, an assistant-controller I think they call him— this control department was a new-fangled affair, which did us almost as much barm as the enemy in the long run—said his orders were to keep all the stores together, and that he couldn't issue any without authority from the head of his department. So we had to go without Those who had tobacco smoked—indeed there is no solace like a pipe under such circumstances. Toe militia regiment, I heard afterwards1, had two days' provisions in their haversacks; it was we volunteers who had no haversacks. and nothing to pat in them. All this time, I should tell yon, while we were lying on the grass with our arms piled, the General, with the brigadiers _ and staff, was riding about slowly from point to poiut of the edge of the common, looking out with his glass towards the south valley. Orderlies and staff officers were constantly coming, &ud; about 3 o'clock there arrived up a road that led towards Horsham a small body of lancers and a regiment of yeomanry, who had, it appears, been out in advance, and now drew up a short way in front of us in column facing to the south. Whether they could see any thing ip their front I could not tell, for we were behind the crest of the hill ourselves, and so could not look into the valley below; bnt shortly afterwards the assemb'y sounded. Commanding officers were called out by the General, aud received some brief instruc tions; and the column began to march again towards London, the militia this time coming last in our brigade. A rumour re garding the object of this counter-march soon spread through the ranks. The enemy was not going to attack ns here, but was trying to turn the position on both sides, one column pointing to Reigate, the other to Aldershot; and so we must fall back and take np a position at Dorking. The line of the great chalk-range was to be defended A large force was concentrating at Guildford, another at Reigate, and we should find sup ports at Dorking. The enemy would be awaited in these positions. Such, so far as we privates could get at the facts, was to be the plan of operations." JUST BEFORE THE BATTLE. "We had scarcely reached the hill above the town, which we were told was to be our bivouac for the night, when the welcome news came that a food-train had arrived at the station, bnt there were no carts to bring Hie things np, so a fatigue-party went down and carried back a supply to ns in their arms —loaves, a barrel of rum, packets of tea, and joints of meat—abundance for all; but there was not a kettle or a cooking-pot in the regiment, and we obnld not eat the meat xaw. The colonel and officers were no better off. They had arranged to have a regular mess, with crockery, steward, and all complete, bnt the establishment never turned np, and what had become of it no one kngw. Borne of ns were sent back into the towh to see what we could procure in the way of cooking utensils. We found the 'street full of artillery, baggage-waggons, and -mounted officers, and Volunteers shopping like ourselves; and all the houses appeared to be occupied by troops. We sue seeded in -getting a few kettles and saucepans, and I obtained obtained for myself a leather bag, with a strap to go over theshonlder, which proved ; Veryhandy efterwards; and thus laden, we' \- trudged *bkck to our Oam p on tbe hill, filling Vbe kettlea with- dirty water from a little \- - stream which runs between the hill and the town, ,for there was none to be had above. It was nearly a couple of miles each-way, and, exhausted as we were with marching and -want of test, we were almost too tired ■ to eat. Tb$ cooking was of the roughest, as *' jwm may suppose; all we could do was to cat" / ' off slices of' the meat and boil them in the &hcepans; using our fingers for forks. The •• however, was very refreshing, and, thirsty as we were, we drankitbythe gallon.. ffnst before ft grew dark, the brigade-major | ' catberbnnd,-and, with the adjutant, showed:' 1 ohV teblonePhow to set a picket in advance of outline a little way down the face -of the ittlli If tras not necessary to place one, I ; rot)pose,1>ecans6 the town in our front-was aiul bbcupied with troops, but no doubt the ;^ctidb stould be useful. We had also a ijnkrtrfimbWI.ftnd a line of sentries in front' / " apa'regr of our ' line, communicating with 4 , tftb&"i|ft thereglmeht8 on our flanks, - Fire „ J %bod «as plentifu!. for the bill was covered < w -Mth:t^utlttU;wobd,but ittook some time to ' • ^n^tlfe'ldr we,had hothtng but onr pocket-' A'» mm»wimWdTOttbbbMMii<awith.-U "So we lay down to sleep. My company bad no duty, and we had the night nndis ■ tnrbed to ourselves, hut, tired though I was, - the excitement and the novelty of the situa tion made sleep difficult. And although the! xiight wm still and warm, and we were sheltered by the woods, I soon found it chilly with no better covering than my thin dust coat, the more so as my clothes, saturated with perspiration during the day had neverdried ; and before daylight I woke from a short nap shivering with cold, and was glad to get warm with others by a lire I then noticed that the opposite hi'.ls on the south were dotted with fire*, and we thought at first they 'must belong to the enemy, but we were told that the ground up there was still held by a strong rear-guard of regulars, and that there need be no fear of a surprise." THE SCENE OF OPERATIONS. "At the first sign of dawn, the bugles of the regiments sounded the reveille, and we were ordered to fall in. and the roll was called. About 20 men were absent, who had fallen out sick the day before ; they had been sent np to London by trttin during the night, 1 believe. After standing in column for about half an hour, the brigade-major came down with orders to pile arms and stand easy, and perhaps half an hour afterwards we were told to get breakfast as quickly as possible, and to cook a day's food at the same time. This operation was managed Sretty much in the same way as the evening efore, except that we bad our cooking pots and kettles ready. Meantime there was leisure to look around, and from where we stood there was a commanding view of one of the most beautiful scenes in England, Our regiment was drawn up on the extremity of the ridge which runs from Guildford to Dorking. This is indeed merely a part of the great chalk- range which extends from beyond Aldershot east to the Medway, but there is a gap in the ridge just here where the little stream that runs past Dorking turns suddenly to the north, to find its way to the Thames. We stood on the slope of the hill, as it trends down eastward towards this gap, and had passed onr bivouac in what baa appeared to be a gentleman's park. A little way above us, and to onr right, was a very fine country seat to which the paTk was attached, now occupied by the headquarters of our division. From this house the hill sloped steeply down southward to the valley below, which runs nearly east and west parallel to the Tidge. and carries the railway and the road from Guild ford to Reigate, and in which valley, im mediately in front of the chateau, and perhaps a mile and a half distant from it, was the little town of Dorking, nestled in the tiees, and rising up the foot of the slopes on i the other side of the valley which stretched : away to Leith common, the scene of yester day's march. Thns the main part of the town of Dorking was on oar right front, bat the suburbs stretched away eastward nearly to our proper front, culminating in a small railway station, from which the grassy slopes of the park rose up dotted with shrubs and trees to where we were standing. Round this railway station was a cluster of villas and one or two mills, of whose gardens we thus had a bird's-eye , view, their little ornamental pouds glistening like looking-glasses in the morning snn. Im mediately on our left the park sloped steeply down to the gap before mentioned, through which ran the little stream, as well as the railway from Epsom to Brighton, nearly due north and south, meetiug the Guildford and Reigate line at right angles. Close to the point of intersection and the little station already mentioned, was the station of the former line where we had stopped the day before. Beyond the gap on the east (our left), and in continuation of our ridge, rose the chalk-hill again. The shoulder of this ridge overlooking the gap is called Box-lull, from the shrubbery of box-wood with which it was covered. Its sides were very steep, and the top of the ridge was covered with troops. The natural strength of our position was manifested at a glance; a high grassy ridge steep to the south, with a stream in front, and but little cover up the sides. It seemed made for a battle-field. The weak point was the gap; the ground at the junction of the railways and the roads immediately at the entrance of the gap formed a little valley, dotted, as I have said, with buildings and gardens. This, in one sense, was the key of the position; for although it would not be tenable while we held the ridge commanding it, the enemy by carrying this point and ad vancing through the gap wonld cut our iiue in two. But you must not suppose I scanned the ground thus critically at the time. Any body, indeed, might have been struck with tbe natural advantages of our position; but what, as I remember, most impressed me, was the peaceful beanty of the scene—the little town with the outline of the houses ob scured by a blue mist, the massive crispness of the foliage, tbe outlines of the great trees, lighted up by the sua, and relieved by deep blue shade. So thick was the limber here, rising up the southern slopes of the valley, that it looked almost as if it might have been a primeval forest. The quiet of the scene was tbe more impressive because contrasted in the mind with the scenes we expected to fol low ; and I can remember, as if it were yes terday, the sensation of bitter regret that it should now be too late to avert tbiB coming desecration of onr country, which might so easily have been prevented. A little firmness, a little prevision on the part of onr rnlers, even a little common sense, and this great calamity wonld have been rendered utterly impossible. Too late, alas! We were like the foolish virgins in the parable." VACILLATION OP THE PRESS. ' " A couple of newspapers the old man had brought were eagerly competed for: by all, even at this critical moment, for we had heard no authentic news since we left London on Sunday. And even at this distance of time, although I only glanced down the paper, I can remember almost the very words I read there. They were both copies of tbe same paper: the first, published 6n Sunday even ing, when the news hadarrived of thesuccess fnl landing at three points, was written in a tone of despair; The country must 'confess i that it had been taken by surprise. The con queror would besatisfied with the humiliation ! inflicted by a peace dictated on oiir own shores; it was the clear duty of the govern ment to accept the best terms obtainable, and to avoid farther bloodshed and disasjer, and avert the fall of our tottering mercantile ■ credit. The next morning's issue {was in, quite a different tone. Apparently thte enemy had received a check,'for; we were here ex horted to resistance. An impregnable position was to be taken np along the Downs, a force was concentrating there far oatnutnbering the rash invaders, who, with an invincible : dine before them, end the sea behind, had no choice between destruction or Surrender. Let there be no pusillanimous talkof negotiation, j the fight must be fongbt out; and there could be but One issue. England, eipactaut bat calm,-awaited frith confidenoo the result bftbe«ttackon its unconquerable volunteers. The -wiiring appcsred to jne eloqndnt. but, ratbferanconsistent. The same' papensaid the ■ Government had sent off'600 workmen from Woolwich, to bpen-a fbcanch arsenal At Bir mingham." OPENING FIRE. " For twelve hours had we been waiting for tbe coming straggle, till at last it seemed almost as if tbe invasion were but a bad dream, and the enemy, as yet unseen by at, had no real existence. So far things had not been very different, but for the numbers and I for what we had been told, from a volunteer review on Brighton Downs. I remember that these thoughts were passing through my mind as we lay down in groups on the grass, some smoking, some nibbling at their bread, some even asleep, when the listless state we had fallen into was suddenly dis turbed by a gunshot fired from the top of the hill on our right, close by the big house, It was the first time I had ever heard a shotted gun fired, and although it is 50 years ago, the angry whistle of the shot as it left the gun is in my ears now. The sound was soon to become common enough. We all jumped up at the report, and fell in almost without the word being given, grasping our rifles tightly, and the leading files peering forward to look for the approaching enemy. This gun was apparently the signal to begin, for now our batteries opened fire all along the line. What they were firing at I could" not see, and I am sure the gunners could not sec much themselves. I have told you what a haze had come over the air since the morn ing, and now the smoke from the guns settled like a pall over the hill, and soon we could see little but the men in our ranks, and the outline of some gunners in the battery drawn up next us on the slope on our right. This firing went on, I should think, for nearly a couple of hours, and still there was no reply. We could see the gunners—it was a troop of horse-artillery-working away like fury, ram ming, loading, and running up with cart ridges, the officer in command riding slowly up and down just behind his guns, and peer ing out with his field-glass into the mist. Once or twice they ceased firing to let their smoke clear away, but this did not do much goed. For nearly two hours did this go on, and not a shot came in reply. If a battle is like this, said Dick Wake, who was my next-hand file, it's mild work, to say the least. The words were hardly uttered when a rattle of musketry was heard in front; our skirmishers were at it, and very soon the bullets began to sing over our beads, and some struck the ground at our feet. Up to this time we had been in column: we were now deployed into line on the ground assigned to us. From the valley or gap on our left there ran a lane right up the hill almost due west, or along our front. This lane bad a thick bank about 4ft- high, and the greater part of the regiment was drawn up behind it; but a little way up the hill the lane trended back out of the line, so the right of the regiment here left it and oc cupied the open grass-land of the park. The bank bad been cut away at this point to admit of our going in and out. We had been told in the morning to cut down the bushes on the top of the bank, so as to make the space clear for firing over, bnt we had no tools to work with; however, a party of sappers had come down and finished the job. My company was on the right, and was thus beyond tbe shelter of the friendly bank. On our right again was the battery of artillery already mentioned ; then came a battalion of the line, then more guns, then a great mass of militia and volnnteers and a few line up to the big house. At least this was the order before tbe firing began; after that I do not know what changes took place." " And now the enemy's artillery began to open ; where their gnus were posted we could not see, but we began to bear the rush of the shells over our heads, and the bang as they burst just beyond, Attd now what took place I can really hardly tell you. Sometimes when I try and recall the scene, it seems as if it lasted for only a few minutes; yet I know, as we lay on the ground, I thought the hours weuld- never pass away, as we watched the gunners still plying their task, firing at the invisible enemy, never stopping for a moment except when now and again a dull blow would be beard and a man fall down, then three or four of bis comrades would carry him to the rear. The captain no longer Tode up and down; what bad become of bim I do not know. Two of the guns ceased firing for a time; they had got in jured in some way, and up rode an artillery general. I think I see him now, a very handsome man, with straight features and a dark moustache, his breast covered with medals. He appeared in a great rage at the guns stopping fire." "' Who commands this battery?' he cried. '"I do, Sir Heniy,' said an officer, riding forward, whom I had not noticed before. "Tbegroup is before me at this moment, standing out clear agaiust the background of smoke. Sir Henry erect on his splendid charger, bis flashing eye, bis left arm pointing towards the enemy to enforce something be was going to say, the yonng officer reining in bis horse just beside him, and saluting with bis right hand raised to his busby. This ior a moment, then a dull thud, and both horses and riders are prostrate on the ground. A round shot had struck all four at the saddle line. Some of the gunners ran up to help, but neither officer could have lived many minutes. This was not the first I saw killed. Some time before this, almost immediately on tbe enemy's artillery opening, as we were lying, I beard something like tne sound of steel striking steel, and at the same moment Dick Wake, who was next me in the ranks, leaning on his elbows, sank forward on his face. I looked round and saw what had hap -pened ; a shot fired at a high elevation, pass ing over his head, had struck the ground be hind, neatly cutting his thigh off. It must have been the ball striking his sheathed bayonet which made the noise. Three of us carried the poor fellow to the rear, with dif ficulty for the shattered limb; bnt be was nearly dead from loss of blood when we got to tbe doctor, who was waiting in a sheltered hollow about 200 yards in rear, with two other doctors in plain clothes, who bad come up to help. We deposited pur bnrdea and returned to the front. Poor Wake was sen sible when we left bim, but apparently too shaken by the shock to be able to speak. Wopd was there helping the doctors. I paid - more visits to the hear ofthe same sort before the evening was over," THE BATTLE OF POkkyHG, " A tremendous thunderstorm, which had 1 been gathering all day. burst on us, and a torrent of Almost bliudipg win came down, which obscured we view, pveii more than the smoke, while, the crashing ol the thunder and tbe glare of we lightning could be heard and' seeh even above the rogr and flashing of the artillery,. Once the .mist lifted, and I saw for a minute an attack on Box/hill, on tbe other side of the nap on our left. It was like the scene at a theatre-a curtain of smoke all round and a clear gap in the centre, with a sudden gleam of eveningsunuhine lighting it up. The steep smooth slope of the hill was crowded with the dark-blue figures of the enemy, whom I now saw for the fint time— an irregular outline in front, but very solid in tear; the whole body was moving forward by fits and starts, Uwxaen firing and ad vancing, the officers waving their , swords, the columns closing -op and gradually, making , *!®F- Our people were (timort conoealed by 1 bushes at the top, whence'the smoke ana' their fire conld be seen proceeding: presently from these bushes on the crest came out a red [me. and dashed down tbe brow of the hill, a flame of fire belching out from the front as it advanced. The enemy hesitated, gave way, i.d finally ran hack in a cnnfased cro e<l uown the bill. Then the mist covered the but the glimpse of this splendid civile was inspiriting, and I hoped we should sh >w the same coolness when it came toourtu-ii It was about this time that our skirmishers fell back, a good many wounded, some limp itie along by themselves, others helped. I he main body retired in very fair order, halting to turn round and fire; we could see a mounted officer of the Guards riding up and down encouraging them to be steady. Mow came our turn. For a few minutes we saw nothing, but a rattle of bullets came through the rain and mist, mostly, however, passing over the bank. We began to fire in reply, stepping up against the bank to fire, and stooping down to load ; butourbrigade-major rode up with an order, and the word was passed through the men to reserve our fire. In & very few moments it must have been that, when ordered to stand, wo could see the helmet-spikes and then the figures of the skirmishers as they came on: a lot of thena there appeared to be, five or six deep 1 should say, but in loose order, each man stopping to aim and fire, and then coming forward a little. Just then the brigadier clattered on horseback up the lane. Now, then, gentlemen, give it them hot, he cried ; and fire away we did, as fast as ever we were able. A perfect storm of bullets seemed to be flying about us too, and I thought each moment must be the last; escape seemed im possible, but I saw no or.e fall, for I was too bu>-y, and so were we all, to look to tlio r'gut or left, but loaded and fired as fast as I could. How long this went on I know not—it could not have been long : neither side could have lasted many minutes under such a fire, but it ended by the enemy gradually falling back, and as soon as we saw this we raised a tre mendous shout, and some of us jumped up on the bank to give them our parting shots. Suddenly the order was passed down the line to cease firing, and we soon discovered the cause; a battalion of the Guards was charging obliquely across from our left across our front. It was, I expect, their flank attack as much as our fire which had turned back the enemy; and it was a splendid sight to see their steady line as they advanced slowly across the smooth lawn below us, firing as they went, but as steady as if on parade. We felt a great elation at ibis moment; it seemed as if the battle was won. Just then somebody called out to look to the wounded, and for the first time I turned to glance down the rank along the lane. Then I saw that we had not beaten back the attack without loss. Immediately before me lay Lawford of my office, dead on bis back from a bullet through his forehead, his hand still grasping Lis rifle. At every step was some friend or acquaintance killed or wounded, and a few paces down the lane I found Travers, sitting with his back against the bank. A ball had gone through his lungs, and blood was coming from his mouth. I was lifting him. but the cry of agony he gave stopped me. I then saw that this was not Lis only wound ; his thigh was smashed by a bullet (which must have hit him when stand ing on the bank), and • he blood streaming down mixed in a muddy puddle with the rain-water under bitn. Sti'l he could not be It ft here, so, lifting him np as well as I could, I carried him through the gate which led out of the lane at the back to where our camp hospital was in the rear. The movement must have caused him awful agony, for I could not support the broken thigh, and he could not restrain his groans, brave fellow though he was; but how I carried him at all I cannot make out, for he was a much bigger man than my self ; but. I had not gone far, one of a stream of our fellows, all on the same errand, when a bandsman and Wood met me, bringing a hut die as a stretcher, and on this we placed bim. Wood bad just time to tell me that he had got a cart down in the hollow, and would endeavour to take off his master at once to Kingston, when a staff officer rode up to Call us to the ranks. I ' You realty must not straegle in this way. 1 gentlemen,' he said ; 4 pray keep your ranks.' 4 But we jcan't leave our wounded to be trodden down and die,' ciied one of our fel lows. 4 Beat off the enemy first, sir.4 he re plied; 4 Gentlemen, do, pray, join yonr regi ments, or we shall be a regular mob.4 Aud ho doubt he did not speak too soou ; for be sides our fellows straggling to the rear, lots of volunteers from the regiments in reserve were running forward to help,till the whole ground was dotted with groups of men. _ I hastened back to my post, but I had just time to notice that all the gronnd in our rear was occupied by a thick mass of troops, much more nume rous than in the morning, and a column was moving down to the left of our line, to the ground how held by the Guards. All this time, although the musketry bad slackened, the artillery fire seemed heavier than ever; the shells screamed overhead or burst around; and I confess to feeling quite a relief at getting back to the friendly shelter of (he lane. Looking over the bank, I noticed for the first time the frightful execution our fire had created. The space in front was thickly strewed with dead and badly wounded, and beyond the bodies of the fallen enemy could just be seen—for it traa now getting dusk— the bearskins and red coats of our own gsUant Guards scattered over tbe elope, and markiag the line of their victorious advance, But hardly a minute could have passed in thus looking over the field, when our brigade major came moving up tbe lane on foot (I suppose his horse liad been shot), crying, 4Stand to your arms, Volunteers! they're coming on again- and we found ourselves a fecond time engaged in a hot musketry fire. How long it went on t cannot now remem ber, but we could distinguish clearly the thick line of skirmishers, about 60 paces off, and mounted officers .among them;, and we seemed to be beeping them well In check, for tbey were quite exposed to our fire, while we wero protected nesrly up to our shoulders, whep—I knOvr not now—I became sensible that something bad gone wrong, 4 We are taken in flank!' called out some one; and lodkffig' eloiig tbe deft, sure enough, there were dark figures jumping over the bank into .the lane and firing up along our line. The' volunteers in reserve, who bad come down to take tbe place of the Guards, must have given way at this point; tbe enemy's ' skirmishers bad got through our line, and turned our left flank; .flow the next move pame. about I cannot recbllect, or whether it was without orders, but.in a short time we touhd'Onrselveeontof the lane, and drawn up In a straggling line aboutSO yards in rear of it—at our end, that is, the other flank bad fallen back a good deal snore—and the enemy were lining the hedge, and numbers of them passing over and forming up on our side. Beyond onr left a confused mass were retreating, firing as tbey went, followed by the advancing line of the enemy. We stood in this way for a Bhort space, firing at random as fast as we coold. Our colonel aud major mutt have been shot, tor there was no one to give an Order, when somebody on horse back called out from behind—I thin® it must have been the brigadier—* Now, then, Volun teers 1 give a British cheer, and go at them— charge ! and, with a shout, we rushed at the enemy. Some of them ran. some stopped to meet us, and for a moment it was a real hand to-hand fight. I felt a sharp sting in my leg, as I drove my bayonet right through the man in front of me. I confess I shut mv eyes, for I just got a glimpse of the poor wretch as he fell back, his eyes starting out of bis head, and, savage though we were, the sight was almost too horrible to look at. But the struggle was over in a second, and we had cleared the ground again right up to the lt-ar hedge of the lane. Had we gone on I believe we might have recovered thelane too but wo were now all out of order; there was no one to say what to do; the enemy began to line the hedge and open fire, and they were streaming past our left; and how it came about 1 know not, but we found ourselves falling back towards our right rear, scarce any semblance of a line remaining, and the volunteers who had given way on our left mixed up with us, and adding to the con fusion. It was now nearly dark. On the slopes which we were retreating to was a large mass of reserves drawn op in columns. Some of the leading files of these, mistaking us for the enemy, began firing at us; our follows crying out to them to stop, ism towards their ranks, and in a few moments the whole slope of the bill became a scene of confusion that I cannot attempt to describe, regiments and detachments mixed up in hopeless disorder. Most of us, I believe, turned towards the enemy and fired away our few remaining cart ridges ; but it was too late to take aim, for tunately for us, or the guns which the enemy had biought up through the gap, and were firing point-blank, would have done more damage. As it was, we could see little more than the bright dashes of their fire. In our confusion we had jammed up a.line regi ment immediately behind us, aud its colonel and tome staff-officers were iu vain trying to make a passage for it, and their shouts to us to march to the rear and clear a road could be heard above the roar of the guns and the con futed babel of sound. At last a mounted officer pushed bis way through, followed by a. company in sections, tbe men brushing past with firm-set faces, as if on a desperate task:. aud the battalion, when it got clear, appeared to deploy and advance down the slope. I have also a aim recollection of seeing the Life Guards trot post the front, and push on towards the town—a last desperate attempt to save the day—before we left the field. Our adjutant, who had got separated from our iiiitk of the regiment in the confusion, now came up, and managed to lead lis, or at any rate some of us, up to the crest of the hill in tbe rear, to re-form, as he said ; but there we met a vast crowd of volunteers, militia, and waggons, all hurrying rearward from the direction of the big bouse, and we were borne in the stream for a mile at least before it was poisible to stop. At lost the adjat&nt; led us to an open space a little off theline of fngitives, and tbeie we re-formed thenmaius of the companies. Telling us to halt, tie rode off to tiy and obtain orders, and Gudout where the lest of our brigade was. From this point, a f-jur of high ground running off from the main plateau, we looked down through the eim iwiiigLt into the battle-field below. Aiti'.hry fiie was still goingou. We couldsee tbe flashes from tbe guns on both fides, and now aud then astray shell came screamiugup and burst near us, but we were beyond the sound of musketry. This halt first gave us time to think about what bind happened. The lot g day of expectancy bad bem succeeded by the excitement of battle; and when each minute maybe your last, you do not think much about other people, nor when you are fucit g another man with a rifle have you time to cui.fidi r whether he or you is tbe invader, or that j i'U are fighting for your home aud btartl s All fighting is pretty much alike, I sus|icr. as to tentiwent, when once it beeins. But i>ow we had time for nllcciioji, and at thiu^h we did not yet quite understand how far the day had gone against us, an uneasy feeling of self-condemnation mu-t have come up in the mit>d6 of most of us; while, above all. we now began to realise wtiat the loss of this battle meant to the country. Then, too, we ki- ew not what had b.icome of ail our wcunilwl comrades, lb-action, too, set iu after the fatigue and excitement. For myself, I had found out for the first time that besides the bayonet wound in my leg. a bullet bad gone through my left arm, just below the sboulder and outside the bone. I remember feeling something like a blow just fthea we lost tbe lane, but the wound passed unnoticed till now, when the bleeding had stopped and the shirt was sticking to the wound." " This half-hour seemed an age, aud while we stood ou this knoll the endless tramp of men and rumbling of carts along the downs beside us told their own tale. The whole aimy was failing back. At last we could discern the adjutant riding up to us out of the dark. The army was to retreat, and take up a position on Epsom Downs, he said; we should join in the march, and try and find our brigade in the morning; and so we turned into the throng again, ana made our way on as best we could. A few scraps of news he gave ub as he rode alongside of our leading, section; the army had held its position well for a time, but the enemy had at last broken through the line between as and Guildford,, as well as in our front, and had poured his men through the point gained, throwing the line into confusion, andthe first army corps near Guildford were also falling back to avoid being outflanked. The regular troops were holding the rear; we were to push on as fast as possible to get out of their way, and allow them to make an orderly retreat in tbe morn ing. The gallant old lord commanding oar corps bad been badly wounded early in tafr day, be beard, and carried off.the field. The Guards bad suffered dreadfully;, the house hold cavalry had ridden down the cuirassiers, but bad got into broken ground and been awfully cut up. Such were the acrpps of new passed down our weary column. What baa become of our wounded no one knew, ana no one liked to ask. So sro trudged on. « must have been midnight when we reacnea Leatberbead. Hoe we left the open ground and took to the load, and the block became greater. VVe pushed on r way painfully along, several trains passed stoity Ahead Along W® railway by tbe roadside, -containing too wounded, we supposed—such of them, at www as were lucky enough to bejiinked up- l® *» daylight when we got to Epsom, Tbentgo® bad been bright and ,clear after the st£r® • with a cool air; which, htowiogiAhrough toy soaking clothes, drilled me to the bone, W wounded leg was stiff aodAWftandi ready to drop with exhausttou and 'ia.nger. Nor were my comrades * in much ww® case; we had eaten nothlnfcaipce brcs*. fast the day before, jaud'/toe b"® we Lad put by had been washed away by the storm: only A little pulp. reroa ,!a at tbe bottom of my bM^ . Tbe. tobacco all too wet to smoke-In this plight we wa creeping along, when the Ad jjutant galaoa into a field by the roadside-tore*® and we lay downexbanated>/0». to® grass. The roll was here token, only [he answered outof ^ raomins oft he hattto^Hosrjmauy were killed were ftiiiw waiivvivHwi vymrTuni' but it was certain many must have got «JEfl rated in tbe confusion of tbe evening- 0[ resting here, we saw pass by. in tbe crow ^ | vehicles and men, a cars saw»» i sariat stores, driven by * man to untwm* 'food »' rii-*l some one, and a doe-m volun tiers up and nurrounded the cirt. Ttie driver »r«,d >o whip them off; tint he was pulled off hia seat, and the contents of the cari tl rn«n out in an instant. They were observed meuta in tin*, which we tore open with oui bayonets. The meat had been cooked Yw-fnTv, I tt.ink ; at any rate w.e devoured it. Shortly after thin a general came by with three or four- staff-officers. He stopped and epoke to our adjutant, and then rode into the field. ' My lads,' said he, ' you shall join my division for the present: fall in. and fol low the repimentl that is now passing.' We rose up, fell in by companies, each about 20 strong, and turned once more into the stream moving along the road, regiments, detach ments, single volnnteers or militiamen, coun try people making off, some with bundles, some without, a few in carts, hut most on foot; here and there waggons of stores,with men sitting wherever there was room, others crammed with wounded soldiers. Many blocks occurred from horses falling, or carts breaking down and filling up the road. In the town the confusion was even worse, for all tbehouses seemed fullof volunteersandmilitia men, wounded or resting, or trying to find food, and the streets were almost choked up. Some officers were in vain trying to restore order, but the task seemed a hopeless one. One or two volunteer regiments which had arrived from the north the previous 'night, and had been baited here for orders, were drawn up along the roadside steadily enough, and some of the Tetreating regiments, including ours, may have preserved the semblance of disci pline, bat for the most part the mass pushing to the rear was a mere mob. Tbe regulars, or what remained of them, were now, I believe, all fn the rear, to hold the advancing army in check. A few officers among such a crowd could do nothing. To add to the confusion, several houses were being emptied of the wounded brought here the night before, to prevent their falling into the hands of the enemy, some in carts, some being carried to the railway by men. The groans of these poor fellowB as they were Jostled through the street went to our hearts, selfish though fatigue and suffering had made us. At last, following the j guidance of a staff officer who was standing to show tbe way, we turned off from the main London road.and took that towards Kingston. Here tbe crush was less, and we managed to move along pretty steadily. The air had been cooled by the storm, and there was no dust. We passed through a village where our new general had seized all the publichouses, and taken possession of the liquor; and each regiment as it came up was halted, and each man got a drink of beer, served out by com panies. Whether the owner got paid, I know not, bnt it was like nectar. It must have been about 1 o'clock in the afternoon that we came in sight of Kingston. We had been on our legs 16 hours, and had got over about 12 miles of ground. There is a hill a little south of the Bnrbitou station, covered then mostly with villas, but open at the western extremity, where there was a clump of trees on the summit. We had diverged from the road towards this, and here the general halted us and disposed the line of the division along his front, facing to the south-west, the right of the line reaching down to the Thames, the left extending along the southern slope of the hill, in the direction of the Epsom road by which we had come. We were nearly in the <»ntre, occupying the knoll just in front of the general, who dismounted on the top, and tied bis horse to a tree. It ii not much of a bill, but commands an extensive view over the flat country around; and as we iiy wearily on the ground we could see the Thames glistening like & silver field in tbfi bright sun shine, the palace at Hampton Court, the bridge at Kingston, and the old church tower rising above the haze of the town, with the woods of Richmond park behind it. To most of us the scene could not but call up the as sociations of happy days of peace—days now ended and peace destroyed tbrouan national infatuation. We did not say this to each other, bnt a deep depression had come upon us, partly due to weakness and fattgae, no doubt, but we saw that another stand was going to be made, and we had no longer any confidence in ourselves. If we could not hold our own when stationary in line, on a good positioD, but bad been broken up into a rabble at the first shock, what chance had we now of manoeuvring against a victorious •enemy in this open ground? A feeling of desperation came over us, a determination to struggle on against hope; but anxiety for the future of the country, and our friends, and all dear to us, filled our thoughts now that we bad time for reflection. We had had no news of any kind since Wood joined^ us the day before—we knew not what was doing in London, or what the Government was about, of anything else; and exhausted though we were, we felt an intense craving to know what was happening in other parts of tbe .country. " Our general had expected to find a supply of food and ammunition here, bnt nothing tQTDcd up. Most of us bad hardly b cartridge left so he ordered the regiment next to us, which came from the north and had not been engaged, to give ns enough to make up 20 rounds a man, and he sent off a fatigue-party to Kingston to try and get provisions, while a detachment of our fellows was allowed to go foiyplng among the villas in our rear; ana in About an hour they brought back some bread and meat, which gave us a slender meal all round. They said most of the housesware empty, and that many bad been stripped of all eatables, and a good deal damaged already. "It must have beenbetween3 and f o'clock when tbe sound of cannonading began to be heard in the front, and weoouidseethe smoke of the gnns rising above the woods of Esber and Clatvmont, and soon afterwards some troops emerged from the fields below us. It was the reaiguard of regular troops. There weresomeguns also, whichwere driven up knolL ^There were-three batteries, but _tbey only counted eight guns amongst them. Behind them was posted the^rine; it**** whole did not look to.be mora than eight or niue bondred men, Our xegiment atid another had been moved a little totne rear to make way for them, and presently we were ordered down to occupy the railway station on our right rear. My leg was now so stiffl would no longer-maten with the vest, ; ana my left arm was tery swollen and sore, ana almost useless ; but anythiM seemod bettor than being left behind, so I llmped after the battalion as best I would down to the station. There was * goods abed a litfioiuadvanc. ©f it < down the line, a- strong brio c building, and here my company. wasposte L The test-of our men lined , the wall of the enclosure. A staff-officer came into us to Arrange, the distribution; we should be sup ported byline troops j he Mid, and in afew minutes a train full of them came slowly hp fronTUttliaroTfl Waf. lt was the lastvthe , men got out, the trslu passedoD. and a party beSm to teM UP^ fmbi, while tbe rest were distributeaamoDg tne houses on eaohslde. A migeant'sbaitr Itrtiied ha fit our abed, aim , ah. engtoeer^ffiper with aappenrcame to progress was not very rapid, and as we had no tools we con'd not. help. "It while we were watching this job that the adjutant, who was as active as ever. Jooked in, and told us to muster in. the yard. The fatigue-party had comeback trotn Kings ton, and a small baker's handcart of food was made over to ns as our share. It con tained loaves. Hour, and some joints of meat. The meat or Hour we had not time or means to cook. The loaves we devoured; and there was a tap of water in the yard, so we [fit refreshed by the meaL I should have hked to wash my wounds, which were becom rng very offensive, but I dared not take off my coat, feeling sure I should not be able to get it on again. It was while we were eating our bread that the rumour first reached us of another disaster, even greater than that we had witnessed ourselves. Whence it came I know not; but a whisper went down the ranks that Woolwich had been captured. We all knew that it was our only arseual, and understood the significance of the blow. No hope, if this were trne, of saving the countiy. Thinking over this, we went back to the Bhed. "Although this was only our second day of war, I think we were already old soldiers so far that we had come to be careless about fire, and the shot and shell that now begun to open on us made no sen sation. We felt, indeed, our need of disci pline, and we saw plainly enough the slender chance of success coming out of such a rabble as we were; but I think we were all deter mined to fight on as long as we could. Our gallant ad jutant.gave his spirit to everybody ; and the staff-officer commanding was a very cheery fellow, and went about as if we were certain of victory. Just as the firing began he looked in to say that we were as safe as in a church, that we must be sure and pepper the enemy well, and that more cartridges would soon arrive. There were some steps and benches in the shed, and on these a part of our men were standing, to fire through the upper loop-holes, while the line soldiers and others stood on the ground, guarding the second row. I sat on the floor, for I could not now use my rifle, and besides, there were more men than loop-holes. The artillery fire which had opened now on our position was from a longish range; and occupation for the riflemen had hardly begun when there was a crash iu the shed, and I was knocked down by a blow on tbe head. 1 was almost stunned for a time, and could not make out what had happened. A shot or shell had bit the shed without quite penetrating the wall, but the blow had upset the steps resting against it, and the meu standing on them, bringing down a cloud of plaster and brickbats, one of which had struck me. I felt now past being of use. I could not use my rifie, and could barely stand ;and after a time I thought I would make for my own house, on the chance of finding some one still there. I got up, therefore, and staggered homewards. Musketry fire had now commenced, and out side were blazing away from the windows of the houses, and from behind walls, and from the shelter of some trucks still standing in the station. _ A couple of field-pieces in the yard were firing, and in the open space in rear a reserve was drawn up. There, too, was the staff-efficer on horseback, watching the tight through his tield-gla^s. I remember having still enough seuse to feel that the position was a hopeless one. That straggling line of bonse-t and gardens would surely be broken through at some point, and then the line must give way like a rope of sand. It was abont a mile to our house, and I was thinking how I could possibly drag myself so far when I suddenly recollected that I was passine TraversV house,-- one of the first of a row of villas then leading from the station to Kingston, Had he been brought home, I wondered, as his faithful old servant promised, and was his wife here ? I remember to this day the sen sation of shame I felt, when I recollected that 1 had not once given him—my greatest friend —a thought since I carried him off the field the day before. But war and suffering make men selfish. I would go In now at any rate and rest awhile, and see if I could be of use. The little garden before the house was as trim as ever—I used to pass it every day on my way to the train, and knew every shrub in it —and a blaze of flowers, but the hall-door stood ajar. I stepped in and saw little Arthur standing in the ball. He had been dressed as neatly as ever that day, and as he stood there in his pretty blue frock and white trousers and socks showing his chubby little legs, with bis golden locks, fair face, and large dark eyes, tbe picture of childish beauty, in the quiet hall, just as it used to look—the vases of flowers,, the hat and coats hanging up. the familiar pictures on the walls—this vision of peace in the midst of war made me wonder for a moment, faint and giddy as I was, if the pandemonium ontside had any real existence, and was not merely a hideous dream. But tbe roar of the guns making tbe house shake, and the rushing of tbe shot, gave a ready answer. The little fellow appeared almost unconscious of the scene around him, and was walking np the stairs holding by the railing, one stop at a time, as I. had seen him do a hundred times before, but turned round as I came in. My appearance frightened him, and staggering as I did into the hall, my face and clothes covered with blood and dirt, I must have looked an awful object to the child, for he gave a cry and turned to run toward the basement stairs. But he stopped on hearing my voice calling him back to his god-papa, and after a while came timidly up tome. Papa has been to the battle, he said, and was very ill: mamma was with papa: Wood was out: hucy was in the cellar, and bad taken bim there, but he wanted to go to mamma. Tolling him to stay in the hall for a minute till I called him, I climbed up stairs and opened the bedroom-door. My poor friend lay there, his body resting on the bed, his head supported on his wife's shoulder as she sat by the bedside. He breathed heavily, but the pallor of his face, the olosed eyes, the prostrate arms, the clammy foam she was -wiping fromhls mouth, all spoke of approach ing death. The good old servant had done his duty, at least,—he. had bronght' his master nome to dis in his wife's arms. The poor woman was too intent on her charge to . tiotioe the opening of the door.' and as the i child would be better away, I closed it gently and went down to the haU to take little Arthur to the shelter below, where the maid . was hiding. Too iate i He lay at the foot of the stairs on his face,'his littlearmsstretched out. his hair dabbled in blood. I had not noticed the crash among the other noises, but; a splinter of a shell must have come through the open doorway 1 it bad oarried away the' back of his head. The poor child's death . must have been instantaneous.' I tried to lift up the little corpse with my one arfn, but even ibis -load was too much for me, and > while stooping down I fainted away." v On recovering his senses; the volunteer fpUnd himBelf in the house of his friend mveir^ and < " SHE ENEMY IN POSSESSION. . : ; "Therewas no gas, and the drawing-room. door was closed ; but from the open dining- - toom tbe jgUmmer of a eandle feebly lighted up the hall, in whioh half-a-dozen sleeping - figuree could be discerned* < while the room itself was crowded wiih men. The table was covered with plates, glasses, and bottles; but n.o&t; of the rncw wt re a-ht-pih the chairs or on the floor, a few were1 smoking cigars, and oiie or two with their helmets on were still engaged at supper, occasionally grunting out an observation between the mouihfuls. " 'Sind wackere Soldaten, diese Engliscben Freiwilligen,' said a broad- shouldered brute, stuffing a great bunch of beef into his mouth with a silver fork, an implement I should think be must have been using for the first time in bis life. " 'Ja. ja,'.replied a comrade, who was loll ing back in bis chair with a pair of very dirty legs on the table, and one of poor Travers'a best cigars in his mouth; ' Sie so gut laufen kbnneu.' " 'Ja wohl,' responded the first speaker; 'aber sind nicht eben so schnell wis die Franzbsischen Mobloten.' "' Gewiss,' granted a balking loat from the floor, leaning on bis elbow, and sending out a clond of smoke from his ugly jaws; and da Bind bier etwa gate Scbiitzen.' " ' Hastrecht, lange Peter,' answered nam bei{one; ' wenn die Schurken so gut exerci ren wie scbiitzen kdnnten, so waren wir heut nicht hier!' " ' Recbt! recht!' said the second; ' das exerciren macht den guten Soldaten.' " What more criticisms on the shortcomings of our unfortunate volunteers might have passed I did not stop to hear, being inter rupted by a sound on the stairs. Mrs. Travers was standing on the landing-place; I limped up the stairs to meet her. Among the many pictures of those fated days en graven on my memory, I remember none more clearly tban the mournful aspect of my poor friend, widowed and motherless within a few moments, as she stood there in her white drefcs, coming forth like a ghost from the chamber of the dead, the candle she held lighting up her face, and contrasting its pallor with the dark hair that fell disordered around it, its beauty radiant even through features worn with fatigae and sorrow. She was calm and even tearless, though the trem bling lip told of the effort to restrain the emotion she felt. 'Dear friend,' she said, taking my hand, ' I was coming to seek you ; forgive my selfishness in neglecting you so long ; but yon will understand '—glancing at the door above—'how occupied I have been.' 'Where,' I began, 'is' 'my boy ?' she answered, anticipating my question. ' I have laid him by his father. But now your wounds must be cared for; how pale and faint you look !—rest here a moment,'—and, descending to the dining room, she returned with some wine, which I gratefully drank, and then, making me sit down on the top step of the stairs, she brought water and linen, and, cutting off the sleeve of my coat, bathed and bandaged my wounds. 'Twas I who felt selfish for thus adding to her troubles ; bnt in truth I was too weak to have much will left, and stood in need of the help which she forced me to accept; and the dressing of my wounds afforded indescribable relief. While thus tending me, she explained in broken sentences how matters stood. Every room but her own, and the little parlour into which she with Wood's help had carriid me, was full of soldiers. Wood had been taken away to work at repairing the railroad, and Lucy had run off from fright; but the cook had stopped at her post, and had served up supper and opened the cellar for the soldiers' use : she did not understand what they said, and they were rough and boorish, but not uncivil. I should now go, she said, when my wounds were dressed, to look after my own home, where I might be wanted; for herself, she wished only to be allowed to remain watching there—pointing to the room where lay the bodies of her hus band and child—where she would not be molested. I felt that her advice was good. I could be of no use as protection, and I had an anxious longing tp know what had be come of my sick mother and sister; besides, some arrangements must be made for the burial. I therefore limped away. There was no need to express thanks on either side, and the grief was too deep to be reached by any outward show of sympathy. "Outside the house there was a good deal of movement and bustle; many carts going along, the waggoners, from Sussex and Surrey, evidently impressed and guarded by soldiers; and although no gas was burning, the road towards Kingston was well lighted by torches held by persons standing at short intervals iu line, who bad been seized for the duty, some of them the tenants of neighbouring villas Almost the first of these torchbearers I came to was an old gentleman whose face I was well acquainted with, from having frequently travelled up and down in the same train with him. He was a senior clerk in a Government office, I believe, and was a mild-looking old man with a prim face and along neck,which he used to wrap in a wide double neckcloth, a thing even in those days seldom seen. Even in that moment of bitterness I could not help being amused by the absurd figure this poor old fellow presented, with his solemn face and long cravat* doing penance with a torch in front of his own door, to light up the path of our conquerors. But a more serious object now presented itself, a corpo ral's guard passing by, with two English volunteers in charge, their hands tied behind their backs. They cast an imploring glance at me, and I stepped into the road to ask the corporal wbat was tbe matter, and even ven tured, as be was passing on, to lay my hand on bis sleeve. ' Auf dem Wege, Spitzbube!' cried the brute, lifting his rifle as if to knock ; me down. 'Must one prisoners who fire at i us let shoot,' he went on to add; and shot j the poor fellows would have been, I suppose, ' if I had not interceded with an officer who happened to be riding by. ' Herr Haupt mann.'J cried, as loua as Xcould, 'is this your discipline, to let1 unarmed prisoners be ahot without orders f The officer, tbu6 ap pealed to, reined in his horse, and nailed tne guard till he heard what I had .to say. My knowledge of other languages here stood me in good stead, for the. prisoners, north conntry factory hands apparently, were of course utterly unable to make themselves understood, ana didnoteven kaowia what they .had offended. I therefore interpreted their explanation; they had been left behind while skirmishing near Ditton, in a barn, and ooming out of .their hiding-place in the midst of: a party of the enemy, with their -rifles in their hands, tbe latter thought they were going to fire at them from behind. Xt was a wonder they were not shot down on the spot. The captain beard the tale, and then -told the guard to let them go, and they slunk off at onoe into a byroad. He was a fine soldier-like man, but nothing could exceed the insolence of his manner, which Was perhaps all the greater because it seemed not .intentional, but to arise from a sense of immeasurable superiority. Between the lame freiwuliger pleading for bis comrades, and the captain of the conquering army, there was, in his view, an infinite gulf. Had the two men been dogs, their fate could not have been decided more contemptuously. They were lei go simply beoauie they were not worth keeping as prisoners, and perhaps to kill any Bring thing without - cause went against the hauptmnn's sense of justice. But why speak of this insult in particular? Had not every man who lived then his tale to tell of humiliation and degradation? For it vra9 the same story everywhere. After the first stand in line, and when once they had got us on the march, the enemy laughed at us. Our handful of regular troops was sacrificed almost to a man in a vain conflict with nnmbers ; our volunteers and militia, with officers who did not know their work, without ammunition or equipment, or staff to superintend, starving in the midst of plenty, we had soon become a helpless mob, fighting desperately here and there, but with whom, as a manoeuvring army, the disciplined invaders did just what they pleased. Happy those whose bones whitened the fields of Surrey; they at least were spared the dis grace we lived to endure." THE EMPIRE IN RUINS. " We had heard of generosity in war; we found none: the war was made by us, it was said, and we must take the consequences. London and our only arsenal captured, we were at the mercy of our captors, and right heavily did they tread on our necks. Need I tell you the rest ?—of the ransom we had to pay, and the taxes raised to cover it, which keep us paupers to this day?—the biutal frankness that announced we must give place to a new naval Power and be made harmless for revenge—the victorious troops living at free quarters, the yoke they put on us made the more galling that their requisitions had a semblance of method and legality? Better have been robbed at first hand by the soldiery themselves, than through our own magistrates made the instruments for extortion. How we lived through the degradation we daily and hourly underwent, I hardly now even under stand. And what was there left to ns to uve for ? Stripped of our colonies; Canad i and the West Indies gone to America ; Australia forced to separate; India lost for ever, after the English there had all been destnvod. vainly toying to hold the country when cut off from aid by their countrymen; Gibraltar and Malta ceded to the new naval Power; Ire'.aud independent and in perpetual anarchy and revolution. When I look at my country as < is now—its trade gone, its factories silent, its harbours empty, a prey to pauperism and decay—when I see all this, and think what Great Britain was in my youth, I ask myself whether I have really a heart or any sense of patriotism that I should have witnessed such degradation and still care to live." THE LESSONS OF EXPERIENCE. "After all, the bitterestpart of our reflection is, that all this misery and decay might have been so easily prevented, and that we brought it about ourselves by our own shortsighted recklessness. There, across the narrow Straits, was the writing on the wall, but we could not choose to read it. The warnings of the few were drowned in the voice of the multitude. Power was then passing away from the class which had been used to rule, and to face poli tical dangers, and which had brought the nation with honour unsullied through former straggles, into the hands of the lower classes, uneducated, untrained to the use of political rights, and swayed by demagogues; and the few who were wise in their generation were denounced as alarmists, or as aristocrats who sought their oym aggrandisement by wasting public money on bloated armaments. The rich were idle and luxurious; the poor grudged the cost of defence. Politics had become a mere bidding for Radical votes, and those who shonld have led the nation stooped rather to pander to the selfishness of the day, and humoured the popular cry which de nounced those who would secure the defence of the nation by enforced arming of its man hood, as interfering with the liberties of the people. Truly the nation was ripe for a fall; but when I reflect how a little firmness and seli-denial, or political courage and foresight, might have averted the disaster, I feel that the judgment must have really been deserved. A nation too selfish to dtfend its liberty could not have been fit to retain it. To you, my grandchildren, who are now going to seek a new home in a more prosperous laod, let not this bitter lesson be lost upon you in the country of your adoption. For me, I am too old to begin life again in a strange country; and hard and evil as have been my days, it is not much to await in solitnde the time which cannot now be far off, when my old bones will be laid to rest in the soil I have loved so well, and whose happiness and honour I have so loDg survived." 