Irish Sympathy with the Pope, ? . A great meeting to express sympathy witb the Pope warheld on Monday in the County Court house, Limeriok, The building, although large, was not sufficient to accommodate the number of who desired to joiu in the public expression of tbose feeling. The Most Rsv Dr Butler. Roman Catholic Bishop of Limerick, .presided, He spoke in earnest terms of the claims of the Sovereign Pontiff upon tbe sympathies of the Irish people, observing that he, whom they loved with the best love of their hearts, as their father, the august head of the great Catholic family, had been struck down by brntal and fraticidal bands, and it was ' their first impulse and their - first diity to cast themselves at liis' feet and try to assuage his pains by taking a share of bis sorrow Every Catholic in tbe o- u -ty and city of Limerick felt himself personally stricken arid distressed by the brutal viclenoe which had been offerod to Pius IX, But the cry. of. anguish and indignation which they sent forth was not merely the plaint of dutiful children mourning over the sorrow of their common father, but ihe protest of men: who hav i. great personal . interests, great and ? saored rights of their own at stake, who felt tbat their in .ter'ests.bad been assailedf and their rigbtsjyiolated by tbe atrocities which bad been perpetrated ou the Holy. Father. Rome does not belong exclusively ?to'thofRomaus. it is the heritage of the Vicar ol Christ , frorn^wha.tevor land be may come ; it is tbe property of the- Catholic world. Who \^as it elected .the Popon? Was it the peoplo'of Rome. No, but the College of Cardinals who are the eminent 'man of the Churoh chosen by the Pope himself from every part of the world. This had been' acquiesced in the Romans' for centuries .without quoBtionj . because -tbey knew that Rome belonged of right and by Divine ordinance to the to tbe Catholic.people . all over tbe world, j The Popes had found Rome . desalato and destitute, 'and they .had [ made, it what it ...is,' not by the. resources of tha Italian people, but- by the. gifts of the 'Catholio - world. Rome, therefore, was. not the, .exclusive property of the Italians [ but belonged to oil Catholics. At tlie conclusion [ of $e BwI&p;'b ape (.'oh, Lord Dunraven mored a resolution' expressing sympathy 'With the' Pope*' ,Hb, warmty^eulogized .'tbe , personal . cbaraotier. 6( the Sovereign Pontiff. ? Tbe Mayor of Limerick seconded the resolution. Mr John M'Dounell, High Sheriff of the city, movod, and Mr Robert' Ferguson, barris'es, seconded a, .resolution, denouncing the invasiou of Rome as a flagrant .broach of the: law of nations. The Very Rev.' Dean O'Brien delivered a long address, in which ho congratulated the people upon , the largeness and representative character of the meeting, and argued that not only Catholics but all other men in Europe are interested in maintaining tho independence of the Sovereign Pontiff. Ho .?skedwas there a man who believes in Christ, tud admits tbat thero is a God, who is not shamed of the ingratitude of the Florentine [Government? He did not ; believe that the world would staud it- He contended that j jealousy of tbe sovereignty of the Pope, and tbo . iiggressioub made upon it, bad been prodnctivo of somo of the evils whioh Europe oomplained of. and the' dangers which threatened it. Tbe growth of the formidable Power in the north east of Europe, which seemed gradually to attract the world to its scsptre, was all owing to :the endeavour in ancient times to destroy and limit the jurisdiction of the Sovereign Pontiff. He maintained tbat it was essential' to tho intorests of Catholics tbat the Pope should enjoy freedom, and tbat they should feel a moral certainty that be was free. He observed that we were living in fearful times; tbe signs of the storm wero on tbe horizon, and it was no time to be indifferent to the grand conservative power of the Papany. He moved a resolution whioh deolared that tbo outrage perpetrated by tbe Government of Elorenoa inflicted an injury on all nations having Catholic subjects. Major Gavin, M.P., who seconded tbe resolution, urged that it was the duty of England to protect the rights of the Holy Father. A resolution was next passed which stated tbat the most enlightened statesmen of England, recognized the necessity for tbe entire freedom and independence of the Popv, and protested against any departuru from those principles on tho part of the British Government. It was bIso resolved that an address be presented to the Premier calling upon the Government to redress the grievance inflioted upon Her Majesty's subjects by the sacriligious invation of the Pope's territory. The. .new American Ambassador.— The lioniRohert C. Scbenck,' who' was some time sinco selected by the President as Minister to England, is now reported to. have .scceptcd the post just vacated by Mr Motley. Mr Schenok was borii in Ohio iu 1809, . and graduated at Miami University in the same state in 1827. After remaining ut the University for a year or. two as a tutor, he studied law, and ivub admitted to the Bar in 1831 at Dayton,' Ohio, of whioh town be bBS been a resident; ever since. . After having served several years in the legislature of his state — to whicb: he was elected in 1840— be was chosou as a representative of his district in tbe Uuited States Congress' in 1843, where ho remained until 1851, when be was appointed by President Fillmore Minister to Brazil. During his residence in South America be negotiated many treaties successfully,- and was very popular among tbe people apong Whom he sojourned Since his retirement from; that post in 1853, Mr Schenck has been protly regularly returned to the House of Representatives, where he has served on many committees witb great iudustry, and is now regarded as a veteran. Beginning hiB political oareer as a whig, lie naturally beoame a republican, and bas been regarded as a valuable though somewhat fastidious, leader of bis party in Ohio. When the war broke out, Mr Schick nt once offered his services to President. Liuooln, and served as brigadeir, and after major general, in the Federal army. He fought with gallantry in engagements witb the forces of Stonewal Jackson, and afterwards with those of Longstreet, and also at the. battle of-Gainville, where be fell wounded. On recovering from his wound he was chosen again to Congress (1862J, where be did signal service as chairman of the committee on Military Affairs. Iu 1865 he wos appointed President of tbe Board of Visitors at West Point Military Academy. General Scbenck stands high amongst the most distinguished members of Congress as .a debater, being noted for his quiet vigor, bis steady wit, and his humor. A satirical tendency and a certain independence . in his relations to' his party, bave prevented his being entirely popular, but he is even ardently admired by a somewhat smaller circle, and his. character acd fidelity bave won the respect of all. He was among the most intimate and trusted friends of President Lincoln,' and, on- tho assassination of tbat tiue statesmen and patriot, was prominent among tbose appoinsed to accompany tho body of the dead President, to its resting placo in Illinois. Atoong his personal friends General SchcHok .is much valued for bis general culture, bis vivaeity in conversation, and his frank cordiality, of manner During the debates which have occurred at W^ashitgton concerning tbe'' action of England no word has been reported from . Mr Schenok whicb oould be interpreted as id the slightest degree hostile to this country, and we bave reason to J believe that he will come amon^ us with a friendly feeliug wbiob,:we need not say, will 'bo heartily rcoiprooated. ; The French and German Wounded. —Tho special correspondent of the Telegraph, writing from the Gorman headquarters at Verauillos on the 17th December, says : — Sad accounts of the state of tho Freuoh ond German wounded in Beaugoncy have been received. A great many of the men injured in tbe battles between tho Grand Duke and.Chanzyb ive positively died of hunger. Not a few were brought into Uoougency to expire,' who bad been lying for three days and nights in their bfood, without a particle of food to eat or a drop of w.ator to driiik. Edib'ea of any sort , are j not to bo bought for money in Bsaugeney or in ^ho^llajjes-.'noat.tbot .tovin. , Biyty Beyerely wpindad ihen^ate lyiD£ ? fo , 'l| of an Ursuline convent there-aimi'ay-'n^l the tiuy pi ovincial theatre. E-eryl,0M^ | from six to a doaen or more atiff^fs j1 bitif ? iS oilly ai single surge6n to'at^hd to six orsf ' - hundred oases, ' Tbe, .stench' in' ^ J ' hou3os /. is '.horrible ; for fester end ' ! aro raging, and many Of the oon' nre' in av ! : of pattial decomposition beforo they .6iy0 ' ghost. : The little town', was shelled for a'st t time, as you are aware and I will,', [ relate ono inexpressibly ' sa.V 'cpiio'de'^V ' bombardmopt. A French gentleman '0'f 4 1 neighborhood— a truer servant of tbe Crosi/ I many that bear it on their attns^had voionj j his services as. a bearer and infitmier. 1)^ ? the aotion he bad been busy jnthe fiojj, ! j in under heavy fire wounded men of totb^a-l' J amongst others a Prussian soldier whrm! { | attended before the, town was captutedjn,! - e?temporo, hospital, established in | bouse. He was standing by.tl.e b:j ^ suffering enemy, ministering to hi» wmib, *!,!,) f 'shell struck the house, penetrated the wsllofn room in which bis ward was situated, , anil it® ( nrit injuring any of the patients, but cum;. L off both legs' of tbe good Frenolinian wlo(.' £ never to- rise again. The ' woutidsd ?Prm-uffi managed to get out of bed, fhcityh li4J|, |.i ami endeavored to sUuucli tlm blood ollig bunefacior, over wlioso dead body h8 (( § subsequently found, sobbing like a child, Cj'lff there bo a mo!e glorious death ? E Russian Designs on India.— Tlm holds that on tho subjuoi of Russian actfn I Englund in India the greatest alarmists aro Hindoos nor Mahomcdans, neither prince! til people, but countrymen of our own whose tnmit | have baen engaged in free speculations^, ; future events;' ' What the future may hrinuM ^ no man can tell, but at this motnsat, nslte, s statesman- well, know, no foroo that could pos ' be put iu motion by tbe Russian Govorn:utot w )i - have a clmnce of penetrating British Itdia, or ' standing, for an iustant against the arrow!;! which it would be encoutered in the atiemji b Of late years, indeed, theidoahas'becntoa ijtci exient given up. Alarmuts in the jre'sitU,] - do not venture to prediot a Ruwan'.iu'wioi,, oiti allege that any forces levied beyond tne Driii'i i frontier could ever Iw aii toiled against liiiiiii SJ troops. ? They consider that the agents of the Cz.' would content themselves wi h kindling a froolei :? war suoh as tho tribes on the border occajiotsFj : provoke oa thoir own ncaourit,. and with protiJim occupation for us in this manner sliiie initio awd. bribery , would be at work id tho bizkisil : Hindostan to infiansa tha native mind with vision V of succsssinl iusurrection. In this wr.y t!cj i concieve our position in India might bj randi-rd : so alartsiing as to require succour from ih r country, aud so distract our counsels sJ : embarrass our proceedings at homo. There j ; nothing. impossible in this suppoaiiion, hut th a ; speculations overlook, the /aot that hero, as it «! ^ other points, the advantage is irresistibly wti t ourselves. Rupees cind intrigue aro 'weajioau j our sorvice also, and nodoxonstratioD of tliia ks! . could take the Indian Governaiunt uqaffurejd y at a disadvantage' Tho only advantage (' Russia Would be ia tbe alarm t) which we migst feebly or inconsidorately give way. Praitiu'li, ^ tbo wholo caso lios iu a nutshell. If Iudia, u»fe t onr goverment, represents a prosperous/ sa'ti'l ; and (veil affected nation, the aggressions or intrijjw i [ of Russia wouid bo as impotent aad as harmteun those .of the. fantica of Sitaua. Ia proportion 11 ' tbe natives are content witb our admintltatio!, : disaffection would vanish and with it wouIJ h : lost tbe only weapon really at tho. eonimsnil s' l, Russia. against our snpromaoy in the.Eist; PaiKT.— very desirable paint has ba invented, which has no disagrecab'o smell liii that in ordinary use, aud will lor this reason u . doubt becotnc popular. .Instead of using otiliiiij linseed oil and turpentine, to which the uuplnsi |. Btnell of ordinary paint is owing, it ia proposel ? i ; oroploy as ? a vehicle of composition tnadu lj , combining alcohol,, shellac, and M°etiiUt tf (oaetor oil is preferred) - This vehicle is il i mixed wiih white lead or other pigments lo l-m paint. The proportions in which tlio bet:1! ingredients aro mixod aro as follows Etil parts of alcohol, 2 part's of sbellao, and one pirtcf vegetable oil. They nro gently heated icgelH and stirred until the shellac 'is dissolved. 'J .paint is inodorous, dries very quickly, an1! i'11 ; liable to oraek or blister by exposure to k'1' Tha Student. An Indian came to a certain Pgentto pre: ' some, whisky fora joung warrior who had I*1' hi ten by a rattlesnake. At first vVe n^eDl j I not credit tho story, but at lengih asktH i Indian' how much he wanted.' ' )' our ([mil. __ answered lho Indian '' Four quarts ! rep'i the agent,, with much suprins ; ' ns nioM1 that ?'' ' Yes.' replied the Indian, fro® I savagely, ' four ^uir'is'—sualco yfiiy bijt., A Boston gentleman whocottM not waltz ?£' a young lady 100do!.if;sho A'oald let Wn l| hor as much *8 the old nftan who had just wals with her. It wao a good offor, end uliowed t ^ money was no object to him, but they put hi®'' of the,houso8o bard. that bis eye waH®'1?. 1 A lady having the misfortune' to ba« N husband bang himaelf on, an apple, tree, tto«J of a neighbour immediately cams to beg a br« , of that' tree to have it gtafte'd into' one ,o orchards, ' for who knows, '.wya she, ' but il m| ; bear ihe s itrio kind. of; fruit: I ' , i ?. ' You can do anything if you fiave put* said , an oid unole, who had made a fortiioe, » t nephew, who hid nearly ppeut one ; ^ p be carried , in a sieve if you only wait,' ( | long 1' asked the. peiulunt spendtliri/f,(»'' r impatient for' tbe old ' man's death, freezes,' was the oold r--'ply. eT^^ublTBtell^' tha Propriotors.AMfl^ ^ OAMPIIKLI, and Jositru ijAt^ ' ,'tn,prossPritl|S WAHBAilEUOOEV, ^.eneMl WoUlS^I ; 