AMHERST HOSPITAL FETE, 1371. The Amherst Hospital fete, having arrived at the seventh year of its existence, may be considered a permanent institution, and we believe it may lay claim to tfie honor of being the Jirst regularly organised scheme fij • as istiag a public charity through the milium of a genera) holiday and a day's enjoyment. Since the 6th of December, 1865— date oil which the first fdte was held on tli-J racecourse at Talbot—the example has been followed with various degrees of success iu numerous parts of the colony. But taking into consideration the number <«f the inhabitauts in the borough of Amherst and its neighborhood, together with the moderate amount of wealth (comparatively speaking) that the district represents, and considering also the number of times the /eta has been repeated, we fear no contradiction in stating that up to the last gathering, on the 9th of November, 1870, the Amherst Hospital fete his not been surpassed in popularity and success by any festival of the kind in Victoria. This year the fete was more successful still, and our illustration is taken from a sketch by an artist specially sent to Talbot for that purpose. It took place on Wednesday, 1st November, and the formation of the"procession began at ten o'clock a. m., and at eleven it commenced to parade the town. There must have been nearly 1000 men in the procession, and of these over 300 were mounted. There were the Majorca Hussars, Grant's Guards, the Bashi Bizmks, Bet-Bet Light Horse, Middle Creek Hussars, Talbot Lancers, Cameron M muted RUlee, Richardson's Show, Friendly Societies, Fijian Chiefs, Amherst Nimrods, Miners, Naval Brigades, Glengower Hussar.", the Bounding Bricks of Ararat, Wizirds aud Spiritists galore, Punch and Judy, Reclaimed Cannibals, Knightp, Court Fools, Pages, QiietiUB of Beauty, Sons of Temperance, Cagliostros the Third, Fir..! Brigades, the Scandinavian Society, ghosts, satyrs, and fawns, Wallace and Bruce and Sir Jasper de Luce, Dunolly tilters and Carisbrook matadors. Altogether they made up such a novel and motley assemblage as is seldom seen except at these annual fetes. The procession was most artistically arranged, and the dresses, heraldic emblems, armor, &c.;, of the numerous historical characters was gorgeous, and, in the the most of cases, correct. The allegorical and fanciful tableaux, characters, &c.;, were the best we have ever seen, and the mythological men and animals were numerous, and as mysteriouB and indescribable as their designers could desire. The procession, after completing the usual route through the town, finally disbanded at Camp-street, with three cheers for the Queen, and the performance of the National Anthem. In the expectation of a visit from Mr. J. M. Grant, the present Minister of Lands, who, however, was unavoidably absent owing to parliamentary duties, a collation had been prepared at Lyon's Hotel. Prior to visiting tiie grounds a number of the leading gentlemt;u partook of the repast, Mr. Moritz Cohn, J.P., acting as chairman. The places of anv sement on the ground were arranged pr , jty muoh in the form of a oirole, with th dancing marquee injthe centre,^Richardson's show, whoso company played a piece entitled St. George ?nd the Dragon ; the Varieties of The Bounding Bricks, who favored their patrons with vocal and acrobatic performances, and the ladies' bazaar, being the most prominent features. At the bazaar a magnificent display of goods was made, the following ladies presiding at the stalls :—For Talbot, Mesdames I. Andrews, Muhlan, Jacobson, Deuithorne, Miss Tobias, Miss Powell, Mrs. Earl, Mrs. Solomon, the Misses Nankivoll, Mrs. Croeks, and Miss Heggie ; and for Amherst, Mrs. and Miss Douglas, Miss Hamilton, and Mesdames J. P. Smith and Harding. The total receipts amounted to close upon £900 ; and before quitting the subject, it is but just to say that Mr. Fowler, Mr. Andrews, and their energetic coadjutors, deserve the very greatest praise for their untiring exertions iu getting up so brilliant and successful a gathering. 