AN EVENTFUL LIFE. A STORY so strango that it sosms ni moat incredulous vras told by n young woman named Mary M'Everett, who appear.d at the Geelong central police court, rocontly, charged with larceny. Although not quito twenty years of age, if hor statement be corroct, she has experienced some extraordinary vicissitudes. Three years ago, she alleges that her fate was irre- trievably sealed by a marriage- contracted with a Chinaman, at Scarsdale The bonds of holy matri- mony wore welded, sho asserts, without her consent, and previous to tho ceremony sho was drugged with wino supplied by a company of Chinamen into whose society sho allowed herself thoughtlessly to be entrappod. Tho Mongolian bride- groom went by tho name of Sick, and tho oflicialing clorgyman-a Mr. Taylor received a sum of £30, subscribed by the other Chinamen, for his services. Cherishing an intense repugnance for her sA-arthy, almond-oyed, tail decorated, but withal dovoted "Dick," after a very brief cat and-dog oxperience of matrimonial infeli- city, tho brittlo bonds wero rudely burst, and "Dick" rotircd to n pastoral occupation-tailing sheep-on ono of the runs of the Western district. Tho larceny of which M'Everett now stood accusod occurred in tho following manner :-Goorgo Thom- son, a farmer residing at Lake Connewarre, engaged her as a servant, at a labour office in Geelong. This was on tho 12th Fobruary, and on tho following duy she wont out to hor place. Nothing uncom- mon transpired till Sunday morning, or two days afterwards, when on tho master going into tho kitchen, ho found that his sorvant had levanted. A letter produced in court was lying on the table. The dcoument, badly written, was as follows: "?pies to send my box homo to my mother, my body is in tho river, i am tido of life ; if you .'coma to the water you find my body, ' take it to my poor mother's house, if dont if dont tell her of my ghost." The letter was a san- guinary- one, being bedaubed with blood, and tho i result was that with all possible speed the polios wero put in nossessior. of tho facts. Shortly after- wards sergeant Toohey, ctrmpped with drags, pro. ceeded to tho scone of tho supposed suicide. But happy precaution hoing taken to examine tho girl's chest before searching for the liody, a new light hurst on tho affair when it was discovered that tho hex was minus ovcry_ particle of property, hoyond a pair of blanketB_ which belonged to her master, and which he waa evidently intended to bo deprived of. Sorgcant Toohey returned, and bent his steps on tho following day to Woizeldine, on the Western-road, where ho discovered tho ser- vant maid of suicidal tendencies safe and sound. On hoing quostioncd about tho foolish epistle, she admitted having painted it with blood obtnined by pricking her fiBger with a pin. For tho theft of the blankets she waa Bent to prison for ono month, where she will bo enabled to reflect at leisure on her extremely foolishly and humiliating escapado.-Gee- long Express. 