It has beeu said of tho British raco that thoy tako their pleasure sadly, but it is an anciont remark, and has no ap plication to tho modern age. At no previous period was Christmas time more generally regarded as a sea son of festive enjoyment than it has been during the presont reign ; and though it is popularly believed that in everything whioh attaches to Christmas day itself we are still far behind honoring it as our ancestors did, it is a mistake that may be proved without any reference to the old folk through a spiritual medium. In the Christ mas issuo of a London newspaper (the Examiner), published in 1821, thero is not a single holiday announce ment in its advertising columns but that of the Adelphi Theatre, where " Beauty and the Beast" is advertised in four lines as the Christmas panto mime. There are no announcements of holiday excursions, nor the slightest indication of any national carnival like that which at the present day ia ob served. In fact, Christmas day was regarded fifty years ago rather as an intrusion, because a few worthy people considered themselves bound to throw off for the day the cares and responsibi lities of buBineas, and the trade of the great city was therefore slightly interrupted. The editor of the literary Pocket Book for 1822 seems to have felt it necessary to say a word or two modestly to his readers to ex plain the meaning of tho day, and to offer an apology in some sort for its observance. He says : " The holidays " at this season of the year are in com- " memoration of the birth of Christ, " whioh is assumed to havo taken " place on the 25 th December. The " day only or at most a day or two are " kept by peoplo in general. The rest " are schooldays. But formerly, it is " said, there was nothing but a run " of merry days from Christmas " eve to CandlemaB, and the first " twelve in particular were full of " triumph and hospitality. We have " seen but too well the causo of this " degeneracy. What has saddened our " summer time has saddened our " winter. The middle classes make it " a sorry business of a pudding or so " extra, and a game at cards. The " rich invite their friends to their " country houses, but do little there " but gamble ; and the poor are either " left out entirely, or presented with a " few clothes and eatables that make " up a wretched substitute for the long " and hospitable intercourse of old. " All this is so much the worse, inas- " much as Christianity had a special " eye to those feelings which should " remind us of the equal rights of all, " and the greatest beauty in Christmas "day is. not merely its charity, " which we contrive to swallow up in " faith, but its being alive to the senti- " ment of charity, which is still more opposed to these proud distances and " formal dolings out." In this lugu brious strain our literary ancestor of 1821 lamented the passing away of the good old times, and modestly suggested how our grandfathers and grand mothers should observe Christmas day. Just half a century has passed since then, and with the vast progress we have made in art, science, and literature, in those fifty years we havo become another people. Let it be remembered that the lines we have quoted were written within tho memory of many of us ; yet at a time when the streets of the great city were lighted with oil, before tho" electric telegraph was known, when there were no rail ways, when steam had not yet been applied to the propulsion of sailing ships, before the policeman was an in stitution in the land, when old " Charley " was not only the guardian OI a x>riu)u a mo uuu juupuiuy uuu u. national barometer who nightly indi cated the state of the elements, when our grandmothers thought flint, steal and tinder box one of tho most scientific inventions of the age, when men were hanged for petty thofts, and the prerogative of mercy was rarely exercised by the Crown, when the occupant of tho throne deemed that his safety consisted in stifling all popular aspirations for political liberty) yet, despite all this, when Britain held the first placo among nations, grappled with and laid low the most powerful military despotism Europe had known for centuries, and made captive at Waterloo tho man who had converted thrones into footstools, and made their nnonn9n+a f.iiA rkRerlianh nrAftf.nvAfl nf hia will. Weneedlittle wonder, then, with the knowledge we possess of what we have achieved in fifty years, that English men no longer " take thoir pleasure " sadly." No people on the face of the globe work harder, and none more truly deserve to baBk in the full sunshine of holiday festivities ; and if on such occasions we infuse something of the poetry of the past, rather than its reality, into our enjoyments, it ia satis factory to know that the inspiration is drawn from a period in our history of which we may be juBtly proud. Wo link our times with those of the grand old lord of the manor, who, " while he feasted all the " rich did not forg-. t the poor;" and, though in an altered state of society there is not the same direct contact as of old between the two classes, private and public benovolence is quite as active iu this age as it could pos sibly have been in any halcyon Christmas time of the past. In this oountry it is only natural that Christmas day should bo associated with every pleasant recollection. It speaks to overy one of the land of liis birth, of " homo," of relatives ho may possibly nover seo again, yet with whem the spring-time of his life was passed ; and in observing the day as ono of rejoicing, old scenes are in imagina tion revisited, old memories revived, and well remembered faces seem to be present, because life here and lire thero is on that particular day being passed in the same social grooves, and tho names that are being uttered with affection on this sids the globe, are being echoed tenderly on the other. We may congratulate our selves that Christmas in Australia is a brighter holiday time than is being onjoyed under a British sky. We are in a land blessed with comparative plenty ; poverty in a hideous form has no existence here — the laborer who is worthy of his hire gets it, and there- are no class distinctions so broad bu< that every honest and intelligent man may reach tho highest public dis tinction we have to offer for good citizenship. The present Beason finds no with every interest in the country prospering under the liberal political laws which wo have framed for ourselves, and with a population possessing not merely tho will but the moana Ia atrail fluimctoltrria af mini) An. joymonts as the season affords. Never in the history of the colony has therf been a more varied holiday programme than is presented this Christmas in the announcements of those who cater for the public amusement ; and in the fact that the savings of the peoplo admit of so vast a sum of money being expended in holiday making as these preparations imply, we have tho best possible proof of the general prosperity of tho land we live in. ' Tho Earl of Bolmoro has published a minute addressed to him by Sir James Martin ou tho Stli of August laat, rospooting tho thon rcooutly established sovereignty oi Fiji, from whioh it appoare that tho English Government wero prepared to authorise Isew South Wales to annex Fiji, but that Sir JameB Martin and his colleagues would not accept tho responsibility. Dog- in-manger- like, thoy objected to tho Fijians themselves doing what they had declined to do. If our Parliament wore in session, somo hon. mem ber would, no doubt, inquire if our Govern ment had over beon invited, os tho Sydney Government was, to annex Fiji. It is strango that so nice a little property should go bogging. As the next beat thing to annexation to ono of the Australian colonics, Lord Itimberley had suggested that the Europeans residing at Fiji should establish a regular government for tho maintenance of order, and on this hint, King Thakombau was proolaimed as a constitutional sovereign. Ia recommending this course, Lord Kimberley sot at naught all tho traditions of Downing-strcet, for, as Sir James Martin reminds him, " hitherto the right of British subjects to throw off their al legiance, and, either alone or iu conjunction with foreigners, to form themselves into an indopendent state, has not been recognised." Here is another instance of the folly of re taining the notion that Englishmen in thoso seas may not act as men having a right to govern thomselves without appealing at ovory stop for permission from tho British Government to exist. Downing-streot having thus waived its right to interfere with Englishmen who are virtually beyond tho pale of the law's protection, it was an ungracious act on tho part of Sir James Martin to oall up tho ghost of a dofunot pri vilege, and- ask Lord Kimberley to regalvanise it into life. Tho English Government has not dene its duty among the islands in the South Seas, but has aoted sensibly in resigning ite pretensions to control what it cannot under- stand. Sir James Martin has erred in a two fold manner — in rejecting the suggestion for annexation, and iu raising objections to the assumption of tho responsibilities of. olf- governmont by tho Fijians themsrives. 