; ' IHSTTEBECTIOK IS PAEIS. I At half past one on the 22nd March a strong liattalkm, nnder the orders of the Central Committee, arrived in the Place de la Bourse, to occupy the mairie of die Second Arron dissement, which had been'gaurded since the previous day by die llth Battalion. After i ome discussion the battalion of die Com i ciittee withdrew, bat only to return at 2.30 $.mn in die hope of surprising die llth Battalion.. It is said that some shots were I [red by the battalion of the Committee, but the llth did not reply, and contented itself with crossing bayonets. The battalion of die Committee was 'again compelled to withdraw. The 12th Battalion of the First Arrondisse ment is fiow taking np arms, and it is said that other battalions are preparing to follow their example. A procession will leave . die square of the new Opera soon after noon. All men of order are invited to attend without arms. The Siecle hopes that the mayors of Paris will place themselves at die head of this manifestation. I It is said that the city of Lyons has . informed the Central Committee that it only waits die arrival of two delegates from Paris to organise * commune. : The Avant Garde says that Menotti Gari baldi has taken die command of the National (Duard ofMontmartre. The Paris Journal says Count Bismark has informed M. Thiers that Paris will be occupied on Sunday next by German troops if the Government does not succeed in rendering itself matter of the situation before that date. The military, forces at Versailles are hourly being increased. ? - - \- Later in the day a demonstration was made by a large number of unarmed men shouting ?jLoBg live the Bepnblic 1 Long live Order !' -J)n arriving in front of die the sentries who keep die entrance to the Place Yenddme towards die Rue de la Paix, they called upon the Guards to retire and allow themselves to be relieved by the National Guard belonging to the district. The Guards refased, saying, ?f We are here in virtue of our orders, and we shall exente diem.' After some discussion die people forming the demonstration caused die tricolour to be advanced, whereupon die MToiinnal ^nania ftirOfltAnftfl £n ttSA their bayonets, and die person who bore die tricolour turned back. Thereupon some one, believed to be Baron Nathan, seized die flag, and called upon die crowd to pass through die line of Guards, saying, 'The force which is opposed to us is not legally constituted.' At this appeal the* crowd advanced ; the drams of the National Guard encamped in tfee square were beat, and several shots were fired in die aSr ; the crowds fell back cm all sides, but sot with sufficient rapidity to please die insurgents, three rows of whom took aim, and opened a file fire upon die people in their front. For about five minutes a terrible scene was enacted, and then the crowd fled in die greatest terror and disorder, die insurgents advancing their line of sentries a considerable distance in the Roe de la Paix, and as far as die end of die Bne Castjglione. There were several killed and wounded, die number of victims . being estimated at at least thirty. Baron Nathan received two balls in his chest. - An honr later a strong battalion from the Faubourg St Antoine inarched through the Bne de Bivoli, end joined the inntrgents in die. Place Ven d£me. - The National Guard is being called to' arms throughout the city, bat it is not yet known what resolutions will be taken against the insurgents. The .shops were everywhere closed on die news .of the conflict becoming bbown. ?The«Uy is in a state of consternation and fighting apprehended. The insurgents gecupy the houses ronnd the Hotel de Ville. The gates of die Tnileries are closed. 1 The Times publishes the following :— ' A great moral- demonstration was maae tc- Jay by «he Party of Order. They collected at one o'clock in die Place de I'Opera, and moved in a1 dense mass down the Bae delft Paix. Forcing back the first .line of . ' National Guards, die/ pressed steadily down to die entrance of the Place. Venddme, where they were opposed by s doable line of die 9th' and 2p9th Battalions-, from Belleville and Mont nfanre. The crowd was composed qJ the most respectable claw -in Paris, and was entirely unarmed. . Some .of the National Guard' threw lie *utts of tireir nlUs-iu-thd air. Apparently afraid«f this disposition to .fraternise, the order was suWenly^-Eiia unexpectedly given to fire. A /volley was fifed into the unarmed motttaiue, and instantly tae street was strewn wiw aeaa ana dying j the anfortnnate people flew back up the' Bae de la Paix, along the Rue Veuve des Petite Champs, and die. Hue des Capucipes, under a withering and' pitiless fire, which continued several moments. Persons venturing, oot to pick up die wounded wich which the pavement) were strewn were mercilessly fired upon, .and for mme time it was unsafe to appear opening from die Place Vendome. Cannoa were pointed down the streets which led into it, and persons showing themselves at die windows were fired at. All die shops were immediately closed, and the panic soon became widespread and general. The bourgeoisie and Party of Order, who had thus been wantonly slaught ered while totally defenceless, rushed for their -arms, giving as a rendezvous die Alairie of tbe First Arroniiissement, in the Place St. Ger main i'Anxerrois. At die moment this leaves the city is in the widest excitement, and heavy fighting is reported to be going on in die neighbourhood of the Louvre and Palais BoraL The number of li'ied and wounded has not ybt been aiixtlaiovd' , .. . .. ~ '. The MontmartK insurgents ' 'stopped near Clicly, by pntting op the danger-signal, a train; going to VergaJUes carrying prisoners. They released, the prisbjjjer; ~ and' arrested jthe eacoi tjjotuifiiing'of . Nntional Guatds jntfavorj of *4- Thiers' GereinA«nt ? ^%e-69th liegi men^ of die Iind,f wbickiftd feectt sfiut op in L'axembourgrTle&r;£artt «-Ua it»- «rme- «&d; baggage, and three pieces of cannon. It was pursued by die Montmartre men, bat refused to join diem or yield. It foand the «ilj gates closed, and had to open diem by force. It advanced by die gate of Yaogirerd as far as Sevres, where it camped for the. night. Nest morning it entered Versailles. This hazardous retreat, which has brought back one of die few Regiments of the Line that has shown discip line, was welcomed in the' Assembly and Versailles with the greatest enthusiasm. The officers are promoted a step. Lnillier, an ex officer of Marines and member of the Comiie Central, has been arrested by order of die committee. It is thence inferred that disunion ? is breaking out among diem. In die Assembly M. Farget moved diat all the widows and orphans of those who fell in die Place Vendome be taken ander the protection of die (state. The proposal was referred to the Commission d'lastitation Parlementaire. A discussion crose on a proposal to vote the thanks of the House to the 69th Regiment of die Line. Jules Simon declared that die Government had intended to bring forward the proposal. ^General Billot arged that die duty fell to the Minister of War. The Chamber negatived a proposition of M. Jaovenets that the colors of die 88th Begimeat, which had proved disloyal, should be covered up. la answer to H. Ducaing's request diat die Deputies should wear some distinctive badge, the President pointed oat diat a badge existed and might be worn. A Montmartre battalion with six pieces of cannon had jast passed up the Boulevard. No disturbance up to 6' 30 -has occurred in die streets, but die shops on the Boulevards are still that. Several sergens de-villo are reported to have been shot by order of die ComitS Central. Sentence ot death is also said to bave been passed upon -five journalists in tbeir absence. The Cologne Gazette «ays that a meeting of about Uiirty French officers of high rank, including Marshal MacHahon, was held at Frankfort. The belief was unanimous that die Republic wonld perish in a bloody civil war. Napoleon himself was held to have no chance,, bat these officers were confident that the nation would choose die young Prince Imperial with a Regency as die only resource for preserving order. A Brussels telegram in the Manchester Gwrdian says : — ** According to advices received from Paris, die following persons figure conspicuously among the secret agentsof the insurrection : Commandant Ponleyac, who -belonged to the corps of Eclaireare of the Seine, which was formed by Hocquard ; a man of die name of Henry, who was a Bonapartist candidate at the recent Election ; one Ladowski, and one Debuisson, who took part in the defence of Gaeta.' The following curious passages from die letter of an^ofilceroFrank, who commanded oneof the forts before Paris' are published in die Cologne Gazette :— ' On die 1st and 2nd March die fate of Paris hung by a silken thread. If the attitude of die population had been a little more unbecoming than it was, Paris would have been reduced to ashes. The artillery of all the forte around Paris was already in position ; we were only waiting for die first touch of (he telegraph to convert with oar 800 guns tills haunt of arrogance, vice, and mad ness into a sea of .rains. Instructions were given, in case die bombardment should be ordered, which clearly showed a resolution to cany oat tbe deserved punishment tuthlessly and to its extreme consequences. It is certainly not the Parisians bat die Germans in Paris who preserved the town from her fate which the Germans outside Paris were ready to inflict upon her. . . . Never ia history have victors conquered with each glory, never have victory risen to such an - immeasurable height of cptUnre, or shown somach benevolent humanity. 'towards die conquered, as die Germans did towards the Parisians. Paris has, as yet, not suffered die punishment she deserves, though it seems die punishment is inevitable. ... Bat history has always foand a way of chastising cities when they, have fell so low as Paris has. This is shown by Babel and Jerusalem, Borne and Byzantium; and our generation will perhaps see Paris share die same fate— Paris, to whom die goodness of heaven and of die Germans has given an opportunity of entering upon a new life of which she will probably not avail herself.' The details in the following letter from a lady resident at St. vaiery pourtray some ot die miseries incident to die war :— ' March 9.— I think it will interest you to hear how we have fared under Prussian dominion. They arrived from 1,500 to 2,000, and as this is so small a place it soon became evident diat every tolezably-eizad house most have & good number. . . . . We had eight, dien six for a fortnight, and since we have two, and God knows for bow long. Madame ? and my brother-in-law had eighteen between them. The regulation tax for their meals was as follows :— Cafe an lait, bread and batter at eight; bread, meat, and beer at ten ; soupe grasse, meat, vegetables and beer at one ; cafe noir and a wineglassfal of brandy at four ; soupe grasse, meat, vegetables, and beer at seven ; five cigareper diem, and besides five candles. . . . Imagine die burden, and the same to all the small tradesmen. . . . The soldiers in many cases tamed die people where they were lodged oat of their beds. Some of oar friends were obliged to sleep on the floor, and one lady who remonstrated was told by the soldiers she might sleep in the street. The commandant, who lodged with a widow lady, who has a beautifal house here, tamed her oat of her own bedroom, took her drawing-room for hfe eating and smoking-room, and required all sorts of things for his table most difficult to procure here- . . A gentleman, incensed by die insolence of die soldiers, called diem canaiUe. He was seized, brought to the commandant, who ordered him die *-Mag, and die poor widow lady was only saved from die outrage of seeing this gentleman fiogged in her own courtyard by imploring the commandant on her knees to spare her such an insult. Another lady received die soldiers very crossly; in revenge they took her drawing room to sleep, eat, and smoke in, and in her dining-room they performed every disgusting office of nature on die floor. Besides this, they drank fifteen bottles of wine every day, and kept up a noise and singing all night. Bat the cruellest thing ofalltrasoa the 1st March, when a solemn Segment service was ordered for oar poor dear soldiers. Would you believe it, the Prussian authorities insisted on cele ? brating a Protestant service or thanksgiving for their victories ia oar church on the same day, and at aa hour which so interfered with' die service as to compel die clergy to harry it over, and hardly hal die last note of the Bequiem died away, before they marched into the church with dieir drams end masic aad sang the ' Te Dam of Victory !' . . . They demanded 20,000f. from this little town, and 5,000f. from a miserably poor commune. In vain the maire expostulated, earing how many widows and children bad lately been thrown upon the town by die epidemic diat had prevailed. .... The commandant exhibited orders, signed by Bismarck, to take even the ladies* jewels- -to make ap ihe-saai. . . . . The maire -and niy brother-in-law represented die impossibility for —— — to pay 5.000C. .: . . They offered themselves ffl hostages, and accordingly O. ? was arrested by an officer and four men armed to die teeth. Uis poor mother, e* seventy- three, and an invalid, sat pale as death and trembling like a les£ while her favorite son was c&rrisd; off, none oT us knowing where, aa diey said be would be sent to Germany.* ... On arriving at the village in question, he Was, however, released, and -the extortionate demand .given up, showing how they had trusted to ialimida tibn for getting the money.' The commandant had a very fine map. On a gentleman remarking it he said, 'Yes, it is a very fine map, and it is diejnap of your town ; see, here is. your house, here die ebarcb, &c.;* He added, ' I have it since two yean.' The officers here talk openly of their designs on England and of an invasion. . . . They ? knew cveiy thing about the inhabitaBte- here, who are Republicans and who are not; . . . Such was onr fate during die armistice. What would it have been during the war V ' General Tinoy is said to have shown him self quite unequal to the recent emergency; the, troops upon whom the fate of France depended were left without food or orders, and hence a good deal of the shameful disaffection exhibited by the line. General Baidherbe is reported to hare assumed the command of the : troops at Versailles, but as far as we can ascertain here little confidence is to be placed in the force assembled to protect die provincial Government, The Central Committee tries to get rid of the responsibility of the assassination of General* Clement Thomas and Lecomte ; it declares that General Lecomte' three times ordered his troops to charge an inoffensive crowi of women and children, and that General Thomas was taking tile plau of the barricades at Moutmartre when he was arrested. The ' crime brought against the late commander of tbe National Guards was that he sold Paris and betrayed those gallaut fellows who -showed such pluck' at Maisons Alfort, &c;, Ac. The cry still is. 'Why were we not led oat to scatter the Prussians like chaff before the .wind?' Tbe buttons torn from the clothes of tbe two assassinated generals were sold in this streets at half 4 franc each. In my opinion, General Clement Thomas was murdered in a spirit of revenge, for having disbanded some of the Belleville corps- (during the siege) for rank cowardice. The deceased was a staunch Republican, and while at the bead of die National Guard treated all the military crimes committed' by that force with extraordinary leniency. However be dis banded die Tirailleurs of Belleville, aud has been murdered by the dastardly crew, which could not be got to face the enemy. The statistics of the war published by the Stoatsanzeiger will give aa idea of the magnitude of the -campaign and the extensive scale on which it has been conducted : — ' War was declaredcn Jn'y 15th, 1870. It terminated on Feb. 16. 1871, after lasting 210 days, in die first week after the declaration of war the German troops weie mobilised, their despatch to the west and disposition along the Treres- Landau line requiring nearly a fortnight. The troops sent to die frontier amounted to nearly Gi)u, 000 men, and to bring the whole mass np in a fortnight about 42.000 had to be conveyed by rail per day. .Tae transport was effected on five Unes, two of which were, however, but little used. Besides the men, there were horses, guns, carriages, ammunition, and provisions to be sent. To estimate correctly the activity of the railway department ia these momentous days, it ought to be remembered diat until a year ago a train was thought incapable of carrying more than ona battalion, or one squadron, or one battery. Foot Prussian Corps d' Armee, to get to the French frontier, had to perform a distance of from 400 to 600 miles, aad jbad to be fed on (he way,. The first few days of the campaign, as well ai die last, period, being free from engagements, the war Was practically reduced to 180 days ojrlyv - In these 180 days there were 156 .engagements -md I? - great battles ; 86 fort(estesdvere;. taken, 11,650 officers and $63,000 rank *nd file made prisoners, 'and 6 .700 'guns and 120 eagles or standards captured.' In each of the six months diat activeiiostifiUia, .were going on the Germans kadAcM'an average 26 engagements and three bottles, tak&jg; 1950 officers, 60.500 men, lliogoni, 20 eagles or standards, aud four fortresses. -Nearly every day of die war witnessed au engagement, every sixth day a fortress was conquered, every ninth day a battle was fought and gained. Comparing the number of prisoners with die duration of die war, we find that on an average 65 officers and 2070 men were captured per day. On tbe same calculation, every day 88 cannon changed bands, while an eagle or a standard was earaicd off in triumph on two days out of eveay three. Looking at the chronological order of die actions, we have ap to Sedan 13 engagements and 8 battles — Wissembourg, Woerth, Spicheren, CoureeUes, Vionville, Gravelotts, Noisenl, and Beaumont ; the four foruesses of Lutrebtien, Licbtenberg, Mansal, and Vilry being taken in die same period. The month of September was marked oy 13 engagements and die capture ot Sedan, Laon, Tool, and Strasbourg. October had 37 engagements, with tbe^capture of Soissons, Schelestadt, and Metz. November numbers 15 engagements and two battles— Amiens, and Beautt«-la-Eolande, with die fall of Verdan, Monibeliard, Neu-Breisach, Bam, Didenhofeo, Xafere, and the citidal of Amiens. December brought as 30 engagements and die battles neat Orleans and oa the U aline, with the surrender of ' Pualsbourg and ilontmedy. January being even more prolific, had to register 48 engagements, together the battles of Le Mans, Montbeliard, aud St. Quintin, and the capitnlation of Meeieres, Bocroy, Peronne, Loagwy, and Paris. In February die war terminated with the surrender of Belfort. In this list die various actions near Paris, 22 of which were fought in die 13(1 days of die investment, are classified as mere engagements, although some of them might be well ranked as battles. Of these 22 engagements, three occurred in September, eight in October, two in November, .'four in December, and five in January ; ia other words, between five and six per month. Of naval engagements we have three to chronicle, respectively on September 19 and 21 uid October 12 — at Hiddensee, in the Patzig Bay, and off the Havannah.' The Times, speaking of the Emperor Napoleon, observes: — 'The character oi Napoleon IIL will long remain one of the enigmas of history. Weaker in its composition than that of his ancle, it would be universally allowed hereafter — as those who can rise above prejudice allow now — that it contains better elements. No misgivings ever disturbed the serene selfishness of the first Emperor. He coald sacrifice armies and nations without compunction. Tbe ghosts of the tens of thousawft w&o; died for his ends never haunted his conscience. He could leave an army buried in die snows of Rus&a;, and warm his hands before & fire at- Warsaw with no other thought than ' This is better than Moscow.' Tbe exile who will soou he among us possesses little of his compact strength. Always halting and' irresolute of purpose, and never more so than dnring the last three months of his reign, he has been averse from war, and only entered into the contest with Germany because he dreaded what might otherwise be the resentment of France. In his hears he has believed in the fulfilment of the cloudy dreams of his early manhood. He anticipated France in the inauguration of free trade, as we shall probably soon find by the adoption of a retrograde policy. His avowed detestation of the Treaties of 1815 was in a confused way mixed ap with the rights of nationalities upon which he tested his claim to rule France. If, iudeed, we compare the present fugitive with the refugees of 1830 and. 1818, apart from tbe terrible disasters which his last great fault has brought upon .France,' we may be induced to think chat he deserves to ha received with as much respect as they. The Citizen King showed bow little be cared for the interests of nations when he sacrificed Spain to enrich a eon, and Charles X. was innocently incaprble of looking upon subjects except as multitudes bora to obey his ivilL' 