FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1871. In the Legislativo Assembly yesterday, the Speaker took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock. In reply to questions by hon. members, it was elicited-that an inquiry would be made into the circumstances connected with the declaration which Mr. T. Smith, of Geelong, when on board the Superb and just starting for England, was induced to make, to the effect that he had been guilty of perjury in the case Smith v. Anderson (he-Smith was obliged to make this declaration to avoid arrest, and immediately after, in a letter to his agent, withdrew his statement and re- quested his agent to clear his character and make known the precise circumstances of the case) ; that if the Government of New South Wales would consent to join with the Government of Victoria in the erection of a bridge over the Murray, on the site selected by the engineer-in-cbief of Victoria, the ne- cessary sum would be at once placed on the Estimates ; that it was not the intention of the Government to place a sum upon the Esti- mates for the extermination of the thistle ; that a board to consider the objections to the issue of Crown grants to the 42nd clause selec- tors in tho parishes of Mortchup, Chepstowe, and Lillcrie, would sit at Smythesdale on the 27th inst, ; that the newly-constituted shires would at once be paid the endowment due to them as road districts, on the basis of the Government were "prepared ""io subsidise branch lineB of railway on the samo principle as that adopted in the case of the Sandhurst and Inglewood tramway. On the motion that the House go into com- mittee, Mr. WBIXON moved that Mr. J. T. Smith take tho chair for that evening, Mr. Smith having taken the chair, Mr. GRANT objected, and moved that Mr. B. G. Davies should tako the chair, The Speaker then resumed his seat. Mr. BUIUIOW.ES then proposed that Mr. G. V. Smith be Chairman of Committees. Mr. MOOUE seconded the motion. On a division, the motion was negatived by a majority of 45 to 23. Mr. GBANT proposed that Mr. B. G Davies bo Chairman of Committees. Mr. GILLIES seconded the motion, which was carried by a majority of 34 to 33. Mr. DAVIES then took the chair, and re- turned thanks for the honour conferred upon him. Mr. WRIXON moved the adoption of the message of His Excellency relative to the Mining Companies Law Amendment Bill. The bill proposed to be introduced would deal* with the whole constitution of mining com. panies, the offences committed in connexion with them, and the subject of official agents. The present system of winding up companies by official agents was to bo abolished, and the companies would be wound np by officers of the several county courts, under the super-' vision of the judges. The motion was agreed to, and ordered to be reported and considered on Tuesday next. The Houso having gone into committee, resolved that supply be granted to Her Majesty. The resolution was reported, and ordered to be considered on Tuesday next. In reply to a fjuestion, Mr. Francis said he hoped to bo able to make his financial state- ment on Thursday next. On the motion of Mr. James, it was re. solved that the House, at its rising, adjourn until Tuesday. It -was resolved that returns be laid on the table relative to the economical construction of railways, and the construction of a break- water at Fortland. A motion proposed by Mr. Hopkins, to the effect that the proceedings of the Legislative Assembly be commenced by prayer to Al- mighty God, was negatived without a divi- sion. In reply to a question by Mr. A. T. Clark, Mr. Francis read the qualifications which induced the Government to appoint Captain Panter to tbe position he now occupies. The motion of Mr. Clark, that there be laid on the table a short statement of the qualifications necessary to obtain and hold a commission in the Victorian navy, was negatived without a division. On the motion of Mr. Casey, the Eight Hours Labour Bill was read a second time, without a division. It was then proposed to commit the bill pro forma, but Mr. Vale objected, and com- menced to talk against time. This speedily emptied the chamber, and the House was counted out shortly before 7 o'clock. The " friends of humanity" in the country towns whose hospitals it has been proposed to disendow, are filled with grief and indignation. They are angry with the members of the commis- sion, and they grow pathetic over the sufferings of a hypothetical patient, who, racked by excruciating pains, will have to undergo the dislocation of every bone in his body while being conveyed over a rough road to a remote hos- pital. Lachrymose journalists shed copious tears over the imaginary victim of a predicted and protracted martyr dom, and mutter through their set teeth, " If he should die in transit u, callous '"and cold-hearted commissioners, his " blood will be upon your heads." Some of our contemporaries admit that the needless multiplication of hospitals and benevolent asylums is an evil, and that perhaps the institutions at A., B., and C. might be advantageously dispensed with, but " withdraw state aid from an hos " pital so admirably managed and BO " indispensably necessary as our own ' " Never ! Let our representatives look " to it. This iniquitous proposition " must be resisted tooth and nail, or " they must beware o£ the conse " quences." It seems to be altogether overlooked by these pathetic pleaders for the perpe- tuation of public grants to superfluous hospitals, that the choice lies between the abandonment of the present wasteful system of state subsidies and additional taxation. If the local institutions are as indispensable to their respective dis- tricts as they are represented to be, no difficulty ought to be experienced in raising the funds necessary for their sup portfromtheinhabitantsofthosedistricts. They will be merely called upon to con- tribute as a voluntary "benevolence" what would be drawn from their pockets by the tax gatherer, if the whole of the hospitals continued to be a charge on the general revenue. There is, however, as suggested in the report of the Koyal Commission, a third course open to the public, and that is, to promote the esta- blishment of self-supporting dispen- saries for the relief of all cases which do not require surgical treatment, By this means we should get rid of a crying evil, namely, the receipt of out-door relief from our hos- pitals, by "persons well able to pay " for medical treatment themselves, and " who should be ashamed to burden the " resources of a charity intended for " the relief of the poor only." We be- lieve that in all parts of the country the per centage of hospital patients who are really in destitute circumstances is small, and that where that destitution does exist, it is often traceable to im- providence. The state, in fact, weakens or destroys the motives for frugality by its injudicious and inconsiderate largess to all kinds of charitable institutions j so that men get into the habit of regarding it as an open handed almoner, to be applied to and relied upon in every conceivable emergency; and so far from looking upon this assistance as a favour, people are encouraged to demand it as a right. We observe, therefore, with much satis- faction that the report speaks out most explicitly on this subject. " Supported," it observes, " by the opinion of prac " tical men of great experience, we do " not hesitate to recommend most " strongly that the indiscriminate out " door relief afforded by the larger " hospitals should be discouraged and " restricted as far as possible. We " earnestly trust that the system found " to act so well in England may be " adopted here, and that, through the " influence of our prominent medical " men, who have ever been found ready " to give their services in the promotion " of a -work of charity, self-supporting " dispensaries may bo generally esta " blisbed in our suburbs and populous " districts, thereby bestowing incal " cuiaDiB oeiieui) oil me poor ana on the " country, by affording medical advice " and assistance with rapidity in case of " sickness, extending at the same time " their own influence in the community, " and protecting the profession." Turning from the hospitals to another branch of the inquiry instituted by the commission-the cost and management of our benevolent asylums, orphanages, and ladies' benevolent societies-wo find a valuable suggestion offered for the purpose of checking the evil arising from the desertion of families by hus- bands and fathers. In the poorer suburbs of this city the number of such families is so great as to con- stitute a heavy tax upon the bene- volence of those who generously devote their time and means to the alleviation of local distress. The pic- ture of the forlorn condition of these deserted women and children as presented inthereportisbyno means over-coloured : -" The unfortunate woman, frequently " burdened with several children, en " deavours to maintain her family by " washing and charring. She has " gradually to pawn all that is con " vertible. From Btep to step she sinks " in misery and degradation. Her " children become Arabs of the stn ' " or are mercifully picked up by / " police and sent to an industj " school at the cost of the state.', husband proceeds to another jioj where he obtains employment, cai omits to forward any money/ family he has abandoned, controle/i him- self with the belief that so'crety will charge itself with the maim/nance of his wife and offspring, and, /írí /ourse of time, marries again perhaps. Instances of this kind are so numerous as to have fallen within the know- ledge of every lady who has takeá an active share in the duties of a district visiting society; and the burden thus thrown upon the charitable is aggravated by a sense of the impotence of the law to reach the fugitive husband, and to compel him to malee provision for the maintenance of his family, Any amend- ment of the law in this respect must be a matter of intercolonial negotiation and agreement j and the commissioners ac- cordingly offer an urgent recommenda- tion, that the question should be brtmaht under the notice of the next conference. It is, however, BO obviously tlíe interest of all the colonies to miti- gate an evil which is common to the whole of them, that there is no necessity to wait for a conference before taking action in the matter. If a short bill were drafted to meet the case, and a copy transmitted to each of the other Governments, we cannot doubt that it would meet with their ready ac- quiescence, and receive the sanction of the various legislatures. We regret to see that tho practice of prostituting the forms of the Assembly for the purpose of bringing individuals out- side its privileged portals into disrepute, and of taking advantage of the protec- tion accorded to Parliamentary utter- ances for the purpose of vilifying those who aro not in a position to defend themselves from auch cowardly attacks is on the increase. We Ead hoped that these were among those sins of the old Parliament which had died and been buried with it, and that a new Assembly returned under happier auspicos and con! taining alarger sprinkling of respectability in its ranks, would have determinedly set its face against a course of proceed- ing which cannot fail, if persisted in, to lower it in the estimation of the thinking portion of the public. But it appears we reckoned without our host. New members, with all their blushing honours thick upon them, appear am- bitious of acquiring a notoriety in this particular line which we hoped would remain the exclusive property of Messrs. LONGMORE, VALE, and a few kindred spirits ; and although the days on which the House has met for the despatch of business may still be counted on the fingers of one hand, they have already fastened on a victim in the person of Captain PANTER, and have "worried" that gentleman asviciously as the limited time at their disposal would permit. We had already noticed the extreme impro- priety of the allusions Mr. A. T. CLAEK, the newly-elected member for Williams- town, made in connexion with Captain PANTER'S appointment, and trusted that somelatent senseof decency,of whichfew men are entirely destitute", would have restrained him from again touching on a subject which he is evidently unable to approach with credit to himself or justice to the object of his mani- fest dislike. But,, if the canine race will pardon us for the comparison, it would appear that no young whelp just " blooded " could take to the chase with more eager alacrity than the hon. _ member for the Fishing Village has dis played in endeavouring to run down his particular quarry. Baffled in the first instance by the defence Mr, FKANCIS made of his subordinate officer and his own con- duct in appointing him, Mr. CLARK thought to attain his object by a flank movement, and so the following notice appeared on the paper :-" Mr. " CLARK to move for a short statement " of the qualifications necessary to ob " tain and hold a commission in the " Victorian Navy." Unfortunately for the bon. member's peace of mind, how- ever, the Treasurer saw through this master stroke of strategy, and answered his challenge by producing a statement of Captain PAMTEK'S qualifications for the . post he now holds, which will necessitate an entire alteration in the plan of attack contemplated by the allied forces, With inconceivable meanness, every effort was made by Captain PANTER'S detractors to prevent this docu- ment being read, but eventually Mr. FBANCIS succeeded in obtaining a hear- ing. It appears, then, that this " bung " starter," as his gratuitous assailant so politely termedhim, has been 16 years at sea in HER MAJESTY'S service ; that be has held separate commands both in the East and the Mediterranean; that he went through the Chinese war under the command of Admiral KEPPEL, and was present at three general engage- ments in additionto several boat actions ; that he haB been frequently mentioned with commendation in the public de- spatches, and has received two medals in recognition of his services. In addition to these trifling qualifications, ho possesses, amongst others, ceitificates of compe- tency in seamanship, navigation, nautical astronomy, steam, and gunnery. While it is open to any man to regret that he should have thought proper to scatter the first personal pronoun broadcast over his official account of the voyage of the Cerbems, every candid person must admit that he can adduce the most con- vincing proofs of his fitness to command her. The Legislative Assembly has at last provided itself with a Chairman of Com- mittees by electing Mr. B. G. DAVIES to that office. We hope that events will justify the choice, but muBt own to grave misgivings on the subject. Judging him by his past performances in the House, Mr. DAVIES would seem to be about as well fitted for his new post as Signor DONATO is qualified for the profession to which he has so strangely devoted his life. He (Mr. DAVIES) is -wanting in regularity and punctuality, and there will always be a chance that he will be missing when most required. And we almost fear that Sir WALTEH SCOTT'S anecdote about the horse with two faults would here apply. The poor animal's first defect was that he was difficult to catch ; and his second that ho was not worth a pinch of snuff when caught. Will this be Mr. DAVIES'S case also? We sin- cerely hope not, since a careless or in capapie Chairman of Committees can (jrj a great deal of harm, by hindering aria obstructing the business of Parliament. Mr. DAVIES is now on his trial, how- ever, and we hope that our fears in regard to him will be effectually dispelled. We do not say that he has not talent enough to fill his office with some degree of credit, if only ho would make it his business to qualify himself. He has probably quite as much capacity as his predecessor, Mr. F. L. SMYTH, and we have seen that this gentleman, in course of time, acquired Borne measure of fitness for his post. Another fault in Mr. DAVIES, judging him by his past career, is, that he is not amenable to just and lawful Par- liamentary government. He must mend in this respect also if he is to be useful and respectable in the honourable post to which ho has been raised. That a man may rule wisely, he should first learn to obey, and we have had no proof that Mr, DAVIES has learned this valuable lesson. But here, again, we shall hope for the best, and assume that the now Chairman will show a just appreciation of his brother members' kindness towards him by duly honouring the institution in which he now occupies so important a position. If it should unfortunately happen that Mr. DAVIES'S chairmanship should prove a failure, the Assembly will find itself in a rather awkward position, for In ap- pointing him the majority were obviously influenced by weak good-nature rather than by a sense of public duty. Minis- ters, too, have incurred a rather serious responsibility in the matter, mid par licularly the Chief Secretary, who, as official leader of the Assembly, lay under a peculiar obligation to protect its honour and dignity and insure its .usefulness. Yet Mr. DAVIES was elected with the concurrence of Sir JAMES ¿'CULLOCH and his colleagues-indeed, by virtue of their votes. One more re- mark and we shall have done with Mr. DAVIES for the present. Now that he has been fairly installed in the chair, it is the bounden duty of the House to give him every support and encouragement. This will be showing him more favour than was shown to Mr. T. L. SMYTH under similar circum- stances, but will be nothing more than Mr, DAVIES is fully entitled to expect, Por the sake of the House itself, and in order that the business of the country inay not be hindered, we hope thatihis Lint will have due effect on the minds of all bon. members, whether they voted for or against Mr. DAVIES yesterday afternoon, and whether they consider his election a judicious act of Parliamentary discretion, or a great blunder. It would bo interesting to know the, precise date when a bill will be passed by ihe Victorian Legislature which will fully carry out the intentions of its framers, and the views of those who have assented to it. The great distinguishing charac- teristic of the legislation of this colony is its want of finality. No sooner does a bill become an act of Parliament than its defects are discovered. It is found to JIB just what it ought not to be, and what it was never intended it should be. One of the principal causes of this deplorable state of things is the habit which has sprung up of either taking the second reading of a measure oa trust, without any discussion at all, or of assenting to it when not a dozen members of the House are agreed upon its leading principles. We protested against this practice last session, and at the commencement of a new Parliament we have again to repeat our protest. Last night, Mr. CASEY'S Eight Hours Bill was read a second time with scarcely it word of explanation. Those members who did speak only did so in order to state that there were many things with which they disagreed, and that they should propose highly important amend- ments in Committee. But when it was proposed to commit the bill pro forma, the ordinary sequence to the second reading, Mr. VALE objected, and initiated ii scene so disgraceful to the House that it had to be stopped by a count-out, Mr. VALE, with others, disapproves of ?¿ho measure, and he should have op- posed the second reading, or at least lave insisted that it should be properly discussed, and not passed, as it really ivas, almost sub silenlio. Of course, the details and machinery of a measure may be very properly ad- justed in committee, but all its leading principles should be either agreed to by a majority of the House on the second reading, or the bill Bhould be at once re- jected. By such a course tirde would be saved, real practical legislation would be facilitated, and our acts of Parlia- ment would have some chance of becoming what they were intended to ¿je, and what the country requires. At present the House is asked, and too frequently assents, to the second reading of bills, no matter whether members ap- prove of them or not. Hon. members are told that evory facility will be afforded iliein of making amendments in com- mittee, and with this they are con- tent. The consequence is, that many of our acts of Parliament can only be compared to curious bits of mosaic, no one piece is like another, -sind when they come to be administered all charged with their administration lind themselves enveloped in a fog of Egyptian darkness. Now, all this is highly discreditable to the Legislature, and most inconvenient to the public. The remedy is simple. The time for the dis- cussion of the principles of a bill is on the motion for its second reading, and if bon. members do not agree with its main features, they Bhould at once reject and have done with. it. If it is allowed to pass into committee, there is a second reading debate on every «lause ; members become utterly wearied of the subject, an amendment is stuck in here, an alteration is made there, and at last the act comes out a thing of shreds and patches ; the f ramer of the measure fails to recognise his offspring, and all connected with it are, or ought to be, thoroughly aiäliamed of their handiwork. If the members of the Legislative Assembly wish to be .useful to the country, and do credit to 'themselves, they will consent io the second reading of ~no bill the prhicipal features of which they do not ?approve of, In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, the principal business transacted was the election of Mr. B. G. Davies as chairman of com miittees, the agreeing to the preliminary leso lution in committee necessary for the intro- duction of the Amending Mining Companies Statute Bill, and the passing of the resolution that supply be granted to Her Majesty. This is the second step towards the financial state« incut, which Mr. Francis yesterday said he intended to make on next Thursday. Ia reply to a motion by Mr. A. T. Clark for a return showing the qualifications requisite to procure a commission in tho Victorian Navy, ?Mr. Francis road in the Legislative Assem- bly yesterday a paper showing Captain Fanter's services and the examinations he has passed, These will be found in our Parliamentary report, and should prove a satisfactory reply to Captain Pantor's detractors. In ad- dition to what there appears, we may mention that when on board the Nelson, Captain Panter, at the risk of his own life, saved that of a boy who fell from the ship into the bay. As evidence of the personal animus hy which Mr, A. T. Clark and the other enemies of Captain Panter are actuated, it is only necessary to say that yesterday they re- torted to evory means in their power to pro tent Mr. Francis reading tho list of that officer's qualifications for tho post ho now / occupies. "» Mr. Vale is determined that Mr. Farrell shall not wrest from him the laurels which ho has won as tho most disorderly and the most obstructive member of the Legislative Assem- bly. Last night he assumed his accustomed nflfe, and proved himself snch a nuisance that Ion. members left the chamber, and Mr. Vale wes got rid of by a count-out. The second reading of tho Eight-hours Labour Bill, moved by Mr. Casey, had boen agreed to on tho understanding that members, hy allowing the motion to go, did not fllodge themselves to support the moa sure, After the second reading, it is almost the invariable custom to commit the measure pro forma, and this stop was proposed in the present instance. For some cause, however, which cannot be understood, Mr. Volo chose' to object to this course, and in- a very vio- lent manner commenced to speak against time. When there is a point to bo gained this proceeding may be, and in many coses is, I justifiable ; but in the case in ejuestion there was nothing to be gained. A bill may be committed pro forma, and then hung up for the remainder of thev session. Mr, Vale's conduct sprang- from no political convic- tions or public considerations ; it was simply the outcome of his own mulish obstinacy aud ill-breeding, which we are much afraid cannot be remedied. Mr. Longmore wants an Attomey-Goneral in the House. He is very glad Mr. Michie is not there, for he has a lively remembrance of the romarkably worm manner in which on more than one occasion that hon. gentleman has put him down. He, however, longs to seo somebody in Mr. Michie's placo, as he wants guiding on legal points. On Tuesday next be is going to ask the Chief Secretary when he will provide him with this much desired guide, philosopher, and friend. The increase of conveniences for shipping at the port of Warrnambool formed the purport of a loquost made by Messrs. O'Grady and ?Bayles, members for Villiers and Heytesbury, and Mr. Plummer, member for Warrnambool, to the Commissioner of Public Works yester 'day. Their representation was, that it was absolutely necessary to construct a breakwater in the bay for the accommodation of the in- creasing traffic, and for this purpose they asked that a sum of money should bo placed on the Estimates. Mr. Bates replied that he could not see his way to recommend such an expenditure. Mr. W. W. Wardell, in- spector-general of Public Works, -had only just visited Warrnambool, and exa- mined tho harbour, and his present opinion was the same as he had held in 1865, viz., that the most practicable if not the only means of increasing the facilities of the port waa to add to the jetty accommodation, In this respect the Government had done a good deal lost year by giving the port a steam crane for the discharge of vessels, and the supply of that crane had been contracted for in December last. The deputation pressed their request, repeating the statistics of the port, which a previous deputation had stated at length some months ago, and which had been published in a Parliamentary paper, the substance of which appeared in our columns, but Mr. Bates was not to bo moved. Thoy then requested him to send to the local borough council the report of the officer of the department who had been appointed to inspect the plans of the breakwater which the council had adopted. This Mr, Bates promised to do, but at the same time told them that the report was not favourable, One portion was in theso words : \- "In reference to the design for barbour im- provements proposed and approved by the borough council, which the Government is requested to carry out at a cost of £23,000, the work consists of a narrow timber road- way, 1,900ft. long, extending from the beach, near the entrance of the river, ont in a carve to nearly the same point at which the break- water proposed hy Lieutonant Stanley com. menees, and from thence a straight break- water, 1,000ft. long, extending in noarly a northerly direction. The position of the proposed breakwater is oven more defective than the former one, giving as it does less shelter, ana taking up much of the best an- chorage ground for shipping." With this the deputation had to be content, and with- drew. In the Supreme Court yesterday, tho appeal from Mr. Justice Molesworth o£ Ronalds v. Duncan was partly heard. The suit was instituted to dispossess the defendants of somo property at Ballarat. Defendants claimed under a deed from Francis Ronalds, convoying all the property, while the plaintiffs contended that F. Ronalds only intended to convey one eleventh share in it. Mr. Justice Molesworth decided in favour of plaintiffs, and defendants appealed. The case will be proceeded with to-day. An application was made yesterday to Mr. Justice Barry in Chambers under the emer- gency clause of the Supreme Court Act, for a mandamus to compel the holding of a liconsing court for the issue of a publican's licence to Henry Sullivan for an hotol in Bourke-streot. Mr. Ireland and Dr. Mackay appeared in support of tho mandamus. Mr. Adamson opposed it. It appeared that Sul- livan had obtained a transfer of the hotel from tho previous lessee, Mrs. Purnell, and then applied for a licence. The case was adjourned, and on its coming on again Sullivan was opposed by Mr. Gatenby, on ac- count of his character. The case was then further adjourned, and on the third occasion of its being brought before the Bench Gatenby withdrew his opposition, but Mr. Goyder then appeared to oppose, and after evidence had been taken, the Bench refused the licence. It was contended that the Bench had no jurisdiction to entertain the objection against him. His Honour, how- ever, declined to interfere with the discre- tion of the Bench, and refused the applica- tion. Sullivan was summoned yesterday be- fore the District Court for selling liquor without a licence, and was fined £5, with 2s. Gd. costs. A competitive exhibition for students of schools of design associated with the Techno- logical Commission is to bo held on Monday nest, when prizes will be awarded for draw- ings exhibited by students who have been studying in any of theso schools for six months prior to the dato of the exhibition. There are eight classes, each having two divisions-one open to students of any age, and the second open to students under IS. In each of these classes prizes will be awarded of the value of £2, £1, and 10s. Amongst the subjects are outline drawings of the human figure, and similar drawings in two chalks on tinted papor, ornamental drawings, landscape, mechanical, architectural drawings, and draw- ing of geometrical solids. In addition, there are special prizes offered by Mr. George Rolfe, for the students who pass the best and second best examinations in practical geometry, and for the best and second best working draw- ings in carpentry. An application, which was the first oE its kind, W03 made yesterday, in chambers, to his Honour Judge Noel, for the release from prison of an insolvent debtor. The ap- plication was made by Messrs. Wool- cott and Turner, ou behalf of 'Louis Armstrong, who was formerly a partner with a person who kept the Goorgo Hotel in Bourke-street, Melbourne. The in- solvent was described as being now a publi- can of Fiji, and it seems that he carne to Mel- bourne again a short time ago, and was made insolvent by the creditors of the lato firm. As it was thought that he was about to leave the colony again for Fiji without going through the Insolvont Court, he was on Wednesday last lodged in gaol, and tho ap- plication of yesterday was for his release. Mr. Gillott and Mr. Rippon appeared to oppose on behalf of Messrs. M'GeeandCo. and Murray Brothers, and the judge declined to grant the application, unless the insolvent entered into a bond for £200, with a good surety that he would not leave the colony until ho obtained his certificate. Formerly, Bimilar applications had to be made to one of the judges of the Supreme Court, hut the 76th section of the new act conferred the power of dealing with them on tho judge of the Insolvent Court. Mr. P. J. Martin was sued in the County Court yesterday for £250 damages, for having wrongfully induced James Wood and Eliza Smart to tako the Cricketers' Arms Hotel, Riehmond, of which defendant was the landlord, on the understanding that he would put the place in proper repair, and ob tain a (licenco or a transfer of a li ceri co for them. Before the plaintiffs took the hotel it was held by one Georgo Jones, over whose furniture and stock-in trado a bill of sale existed, the bill being held by a person named Harri- son. In the agreoment between plaintiffs and defendant was a stipulation that thoy should take all their beer from defondant. The amount which the plaintiffs paid altogether to go into the house was £198 8a. 8d., but it appeared that only a small portion o£ that .went to the defendant for rent duo, tho rest being applied to the liquidation of the bill of sale. After tbe plaintiffs went into the hotel, the defendant did not carry out the agreement plaintiffs said ho had entered into, to put the place in repair, and the consequence of that was, that the magistrates refused to license the houso because the yard was not in good re- pair. It was also alleged that Mr, Martin told Mrs. Smart be could obtain a licence for them because he was a magistrate ; bub the statement was considered rather improbable, as he had been struck off the roll at the time it was said to have been made. The plaintiffs claimed, in addition to the monoy they had paid, damages for the loss they had sustained in being kept unemployed through the want of the licence, and the jury of four before whom the case was tried gave thom a verdict for tho full amount they asked for. Probates were granted in the County Court yesterday to the wills of the late Johanna Grant, of the Bakers' Arms Hotel, Cardigan street, Carlton, and of the late William Abraham Brooks, of Elsternwick, clerk. Rules to administer the freehold lands of the late John Yewdall, of Drummond-street, stonemason, and of the late Thomas Conaty, of Prahran, yeoman, were also granted. The following memorial has been pre- sented to the Postmaster-General, Mr. T. T. A'Beckett, by a large number of merchants and traders carrying on business at the west end of Melbourne :-" The memorial of the undersigned merchants, shipowners, traders, brokers, and professional men carrying on business in the port of Melbourne and in tho western parts of the city, respect- fully showeth,-That it is stated to be the intention of the Government to remove the business of the Tolegraph offico from the Custom-house block to the General Post office. That such removal will bo highly pre- judicial to the business of the department, and extremely inconvenient to your memo- rialists and the bulk of those persona from whom the revenue of the office is derived. That the whole of the'shipping interest will in an especial degree suffer from such removal, inasmuch as a telegraph office in close proxi- mity to the port has bocome a necessity. That the principal mercantile establishments, brokers, and other offices from whence a very largo proportion of the telegrams are sent, are at the west end of the city, and tbo tendency of all the new buildings, whether recently erected or in contemplation, is towards the immediate neighbourhood of the present telegraph office, so that the incon- venience will be constantly increasing, and the public requirements will, in the opinion of your memorialists, be manifestly so urgent as to necessitate the re-opening of an office in the same locality at a very early date, and a consequent sacrifice of the cost attendant upon two removals. Your memorialists, there- fore, pray that the matter may be recon- sidered, and that the Government will con- tinue the principal office of the Telegraph department where it is most needed for tho public convenience, namely, in the western portion of the city." The memorial is signed by 86 leading mercantile firms, bankers, pro- fessional men, and heads of associations. The third volume of the Victorian Stud Booh, which -has been looked for with interest by the owners and breeders of thoroughbred stock in Victoria, has at last been issued from the press. In addition to the usual list of brood mares, there aro the tabu- lated pedigrees of no less than 34 thoroughbred sires, including most of the best horses, both imported and colonial bred, in this and the neighbouring colony of New South Wales. This portion of the work will be of the greatest utility to breeders, and the compiler has boen fortunato onough to obtain the assistance of Sr. Bathe and Mr. T. H. Lorn prière in tabulating the pedigrees, the name of the former gentleman being in itself a. sufficient guarantee of correctness. The whole work has been revised by Mr. H. N. Simson. The list of mares is very clearly set out, though the owners of tho- roughbred mares have shown great negli- gence in sending in their returns, and no doubt from this cause several mares may have been left out. The volume contaius portraits of Camden, Barwon, Fireworks, and Manuka, being photographs of paintings, the first two by Mr. T. Lyttleton, the others by Mr. Fred. Woodhouse. The work is very complete, and reflects great credit upon the compiler, Mr. Wm, Yuille, jun., and will be welcomed by all who feel an intorest in the breeding of thoroughbred horses, A locture in connexion with the series being given at the Industrial and Technological Museum was delivered last night by Mr. Georgo Foord, on the art of pottery. The chair was tahen by his Honour Sir Redmond Barry, and there were over 300 persons pre- sent ia the lecture-hall. The lecturer com- menced his subject by describing the nature of the various sorts of clay used in pottery, stating that though they were obtained from different kinds of rock, they wore all sili- cates of alumina. In connexion with this part of the lecture, he showed a variety of different coloured clays collected by Mr. Dunn, a gentleman in the Ovens dis- trict. As the leoturer proceeded he referred to numerous placards which he had hung ou the walls of the hall, particularising the components of the different kinds of pottery. He stated that, to enable him the more effectively to illustrate the throwing of clay on the potter's wheel, Mr. Wm. Gordon, of tho Brunswick pottery, had been good enough to bringa potter's whoel to the hall, and would exhibit the process of fashioning clay into vessels. Mr. Gordon and his man then started the potter's wheol, and out of a small lump of clay quickly formed a gallon jar; then changed it into a gallon bottle, into a jug, and various other shapes, the illustra- tion only taking some two or threo minutes. This practical example well ex- hibited the pliability of clay, and tho ease with which it can be fashioned into any shape considered desirable The lecturer after- wards described the modes of making all kinds of pottery, both ancient and modern, his remarks being made quite plain by boards and diagrams, and also by specimens of many kinds of pottery ware, brown, white, coloured, plain, ornamental, statuesque, and mechani- cal, which he had ranged on the platform and tables around him. After stating that considerable progress had been made in the art of pottery here, and saying that there was a house in South Yarra the bricks of which were actually imported at a cost of Cd. per brick, ho said there was great room for the extension of the manufac- tory, as all the materials required wero to be obtained. Sir Rodmond Barry at the close of the lecture explained that the admir- able collection of specimens of the ceramic art before them were purchased by Mr. Dal- gety, now in England, at a cost of at least £100, and were presented to the Public Library in anticipation of their being used in lectures such as those now being de- livered. The usual weekly meeting of the managing committee of the Benevolent Asylum was held yesterday afternoon. There were pre- sent-Messrs. Wisowould (in the chair), M'Pherson, Hay, Marsden, Hinds, Barwise, Bryant, Petherick, Hadden, Egan, Irving, Phillips, Ashley, Tankard, and Zox. The medical officer reportedthe state of the hosp! tal to be as follows :-Coses admitted by the committee, 1; do. from benevolent wards, 11 ; discharged from hospital, 9 ; prescribed for at dispensary, 54 males and 10 females ; death, 1; number under treatment, 215 males, 131 females ; total, 316. On the 28th ult., a patient named William Cundy, a native of Cornwall, aged 67 years, died of gout. A patient named Elizabeth Smith had been taken beforo the Hotham Police Court that day as a lunatic, and she was committed to the Yarra Bend Asylum. The chairman road the report sent in by the sab-committee appointed to inquire into the state of the inmates, and to ascertain whether any of them were able to leave the asylum and earn their own living. The report, stated that the sub-cotnimtteohad inspected theinmates, now numbering C23, and had selected 28 men and 6 women as the most likely persons to earn their own living ; but upon further consider- ation it was decided that none of the women were able to earn their own living. The committee also recommended that seven mon should be discharged, time being allowed them to go out during the day to look for employment. The chairman said that, con- sidering the large number of applications that came beforo the Managing Committee, it spoke well for their vigilance that out of the large number in the asylum there wero only seven judged fît to snpport themselves. The sub-committee appointed to inquire into the maintenance, clothing, medicine, &c;, of the inmates, with a view of ascertaining what reduction, if any, coald be made, reported that, in their opinion, no reduction could be made in the expense of food and clothing, and that the utmost economy is exercised in reference thereto. The sub-committee re- commended that the aid of the honorary medical staff bo sought to effect a reduction, if possible, in the medical extras. A curious fact transpired yesterday at the usual meeting of the committee of manage- ment of the Benevolent Asylum. A report was read from a sub-committee appointed to ascertain if any reductions could be made in the cost of the clothing, food, medicine, &c;, of theinmates. The committee reported that all economy was observed in the clothing and food departments, but that they fonnd the item for medical extras during the first quarter of the present year amounted to tho large sum of £480 5s. 3d., while the ordinary diet for the same period amounted to £895 Is. 10d., the average number of inmates being 023, The committee recommended that the honorary medical staff bo asked to assist in effecting a reduction in this part of the expenditure. The Commission of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria resumed its sitting in the Assembly-hall, Collins-street, yesterday. The Rev. T. M'Kenzie Fraser, the moderator, pro sided. The report on the deputation to the congregations of Bulla, Broadmeadows, and Sunbury, was presented by the Rev. J. Bal- lan tyne. It was resolved that for the present (he congregations be considered one charge. The report of the committee appointed to frame the resolutions on the subject of reli- gious instruction was brought up by the Rev. J. K. Macmillan, and, after one or two altera- tions, was agrcod to. The Rev. G. Mackie brought up an interim report on the missions to the Chinese and aborigines. The Commis- sion then adjourned until the second week ia November. The question as to whether night liconces are abolished by the new Publicans Act was to have been decided at the District Court yesterday, but the cases in which four publicans were proceeded against for selling after midnight were postponed. Mr. Gurner appeared to argue for the Crown, but Mr. 11\. D, Ireland, who had been engaged for the defence, did not attend, and Mr. Read stated that Mr. Ireland had ruadean ontry in his diary that the case was to be heard on Friday, and therefore had made arrangements accordingly, Mr. Gurner said that every time he carno to' the court he had been asked to agree to a postponement to oblige counsel, and it was very inconvenient in this case, as he had set apart the whole day to dovote to the case. Mr. Bead, however, persuaded Mr. Gurner to agree to an adjournment until to-day, but the latter gentlemen said that he would never again consent to a postponement for counsel's convenience. He also remarked that the whole object of this was to enable the pub- licans to carry on a sort of illicit traffic, and it would suit them, no doubt, if the post- ponement lasted till Christmas Day. A seizure of a large quantity of English porter, and colonial beer, wine, and cordials was made yesterday by the revenue inspector, on the premises of Mr. Harris, at the Western Market, on the ground that the latter held no wine and spirit licence. Proceedings will bo taken against Mr. Harris for selling with- out a licence, and the case will come before the District Court on Monday. A humiliating and painful sight was wit. .nested at Hotham yesterday. In the middle of the day a young girl, about 15 years of age, but who appeared to be very much younger, was seen lying in a gutter in Leveson street in a state of helpless intoxication, She was, of course, arrested, and removed to the lock-up, followed by a crowd of juveniles of both sexes, attracted to the spot by her shrill remonstrances at the treatment sho was receiving. She lived with an elder sister in a lane abutting off Leveson-street, and was said by the police to belong to a good family in England, and to havo considerable ex- pectations. The persons who supplied so young a girl with drink are morally respon- sible for the lamentable condition ia which she was found, and deserve not only the disgrace of exposure, but all the punishment tho law can inflict. Numerous complaints have been mado to tho police by the Sandridge car-drivora against persons who make use of their cars and then refuse to pay anything. Itis stated that those who take advantage of the car-drivers in this way are almost always strangers in Sandridge, so that after the driver has once lost sight of them, at the end of the usual altercation, nobody knows where to find them again when a summons has boen obtained. The following return shows the number of letters, packets, and newspapers received at and despatched from Victoria, per Peninsular and Oriental Royal Mail steamships, during the month of April, 1871 .'-Received per Avoca, 40,904 letters, 2,286 packets, and 95,027 newspapers. Despatched per Rangoon, 38,674 letters, 820 packets, and 45,913 news- papers. Total, 70,638 letters, 3,115 packets, and 141,440 newspapers. In consequence of tho alteration of tho timo of the Randwick races, it has been thought advisable to postpone the Hunt Club Meeting for a fortnight, in- stead of holding it on the 13th inst., as originally intended. Tho day of ontry is fixed for the 13th. This arrangement will allow the Molbourne visitors an opportunity of being back in time for tho Hunt Club Meeting, and will not interfere with the Ben- digo Steeplechase Meeting. Mr. M'Koan was last night in much the same condition as on the previous night ; tho alteration, if any, being considered for the botter. It is thought that if he gets safely over to-day and to-night, ho may bo con- sidered out of danger. James M'Donald, aged 45 years, living in Bourke-strcet, was admitted to the hospital yesterday, suffering from injuries caused by a colt which ho was breaking in at Footscray falling upon him. A man was admitted into the Alfred Hos- pital yesterday afternoon suffering from a serious injury to the face, the effect of boing thrown from a horse in the St. Kilda-road. A meeting of persons favourable to the for- mation of a benefit society for Victorian natives was held in the Mechanics' Institute last eveninR. Mr. S. Lyons, J.P., occupied the chair. It was decided to form a benefit society, tobe called "The Victorian Natives Association." A sketch of the contemplated rules was adopted, and a committee appointed to prepare a proper code of laws, to be sub- mitted to a meeting to be held on Thursday, June 1, Abont 50 members enrolled them- selves at once. The entrance-fee previous to the 1st of July was fixed at 5s., and 10s. after that date. Members can be enrolled at the ófrico of the honorary secretary, 79} Collins streot cast. The dotectives yesterday seized a quantity of tobacco and other property in Bourke street, said to havo been concealed by a person who had made an assignment of his estate, and left for Tasmania to file his schedulo there. A lad named Peter George Van Buron, aged 15 years, was running along the railway pier at Geelong yesterday, when his foot tripped against something, and ho fell sideways into the water. Two companions saw the occur- rence, and obtained assistance from a vessel lying further along the pier, but by the time a boat had been lowered and the body fished up and brought to tho surface, some con- siderable time had elapsed. Efforts were made to restore animation, but without avail. An inquest was held in the afternoon, and a verdict of accidentally drowned was re- turned. The Ballarat morning papers, the Star and the Courier, do not often agree, but when they do their unanimity takes such a form as the following : The beginning of the leading article in yesterday's Star says :-" Mr, W. C. Smith has lost no time in beginning the re- demption of his hustings pledge in the matter of mining reform." The Courier commences a leader in this way :-"Mr. W. C. Smith has lost no time in redeeming his hustings pro- mises relative to mining reform." As a piece of verbal agreement the coincidence is re- markable. But what is even more remark- able is, that the Ballarat Evening Mail, having the examples of its morning rivals before it, and giving two leading articles, begins them in this way : The first one :-" Mr. W. C. Smith has lost no time in making an assault on the Mining department, and fulfilling his promises on the hustings " And the second : -" The Government has lost no timo in in- troducing the bill to amend the Criminal Law and Practice Statute 1864," It certainly seems that Ballarat ideas flow pretty much in one channel. " A rather curious series of charges," says the Ballarat Evening Mail, "are likely to be brought forward against the contractor Morffew, who was stated to have been stuck- -up by a man on the highway near Beaufort on the Saturday in Easter week, robbed of his money, and chained by the neck to a tele- graph post. Morffew swore an information charging a man named Ballantyne with the robbery. He was arrested, and brought before the Bench at Beaufort on 8th April, and, after two remands, was discharged. He then swore an information against Morffew, charging him with wilful and deliberate perjury, and the case was partly heard on the 20 th April, and the accused re- manded till the 1st May. In the interval, evidence was being collected by Detective Eason, and on the hearing on 1st May a prima facie case was made out against the ac- cused, who was committed to take his trial at the Ararat General Sessions. The evidence went to show that Morffew had effected a fictitious bill of sale over his horses, drays, &c;, used in his road contract, alleging as his reason that it was - to use his own words to ' cheat his creditors.' He also swore that he got £100 from Mr. William Clark, of Ballarat, as the consideration for the bill of sale. Mr. Clark was present, and swore dis- tinctly that no such thing ever occurred ; that he gave Morffew no money whatever-and the evidence further went to show that he never brought the money from Ballarat at all. The singularity of the case consists in the fact that the chain with which he was found fastened by the neck to the telegraph post had been stolen from the stables of the Crown Hotel, Creswick road, Ballarat, on the afternoon immediately preceding the night on which he swore he was robbed, and still further, Morffew was the last person seen in the stables, and that the identical chain was found round his neck and the telegraph post. If these facts, so fraught with suspicion, are confirmed by evidence, it would appear that the present accused. Morffew, is thrice guilty-first, of fraud with regard to the bill of sale ; secondly, larceny of the chain from the Crown ; and, finally, of wilful and corrupt perjury, both in swearing the information against Ballantyne, and in his sworn testimony in court. The Rangitoto brings us several days' later news from New Zealand, but the intelligence is of no great importance. It appears that the doubts which had been thrown on the validity of the postal contract made by Mr. Stewart with Mr. Vogel were altogether un- founded. The contract, which was finally signed by Mr. Wobb and Mr. Holladay, had been printed, and was found to differ very little from the preliminary one made with Mr. Stewart on their behalf. It is stated that the Nebraska is to follow the Nevada. For some unexplained reason, probably for merely experimental purposes, she will go on to Sydney from Auckland, but her successors will resume tho coasting voyage to Port Chalmers. For thejpresent, the steamers will only run as far as Honolulu, whence the mails and pas- sengers will be taken on by the Moses Taylor. When the Dacotah has come round from New York and has joined the line, they will run right through to San Francisco. It is stated that the Pacific Company offered to undertake the service, but they wore too late. One incon- venient effect of the new arrangement is, that the Southern Island would lose a month's mail. A steamer was to be laid on from Auck- land to catch the Sydney steamer, the City of Melbourne, at Fiji, but the south would not be able to take advantage of this chanco mail. The Otago Daily Times regards the news o£ Major Ropata's alleged victory as very doubt- ful, and anticipates that it will prove, as usual, to consist morely in the capture of a few old women. In the meantime, the party of the once redoubtable To Kooti is believed to have dwindled down to nine men besides himself and five womon. One account; states :-" Oriwia (Olivia), the solo romaining amWMrf; beloved of his wives, is beginning to bo raed of playing the rover's bride, and would, apparently, be gladly content with a less heroic mate, if the chango were accom panied with a greater" immunity from hard- ships and privations. To Kooti is aware of her fickle and ignoble desire, and whenever bis party have to go through a piece of bush, he takes care to keep hold of hor dress all the timo." The loss of the schooner Twi- light, of which we havo before rocoived inti- mation, is thus described:-"The soboonor 'Twilight, trading to Kaipara, was lost in the recent gale. Captain Micklejohn and two seamon wore washed ovorboard. The captain weis saved, but the seamen (Peterson and Lewis) wero drowned." The Customs revenue collected in the colony during tho first quarter of the year showed a decrease of £28,375 as compared with the corresponding quarter of last year. Wo read in a New Zealand papor :-" The yield of gold from tho Thames during the month of March is tho highest ever produced by the field during any similar period, being 45,200oz. lldwt. 3gr. This quantity of gold has been taken from 8,700 tons quartz, show- ing an avorage on the whole quantity crushed during the month of March of 5oz, 2dwt. 20gr. to tho ton. The yield of gold for February was 30,749oz" therefore during March there has beon an increase of 14,450oz." The Z>imceíírt Evening Post of April 22 says : -"Most people familiar with nautical affairs havo read or heard of that strange talo of the sea which relates how the American brig Essex was attacked by a sperm whale in the South Pacific, and had her side stove ia ; and an adventure somewhat similar, though hap- pily unattended with the same disastrous re-. J suits, bos befallen the ketch Elizabeth, Cap- tain Short, which arrived here yesterday from Mjmawatu. As we aro informed, while the ketch was standing across the entranco to the harbour, three whales, one very large and the other two smaller, suddenly appeared on her broadside, coming 'stem on' with great velocity, OH if they meant to charge. Beforo coming in actual collision with the vessel, they suddenly dived, but so close wore they that in going down thoir tails overhung the deck. The centre-board was down, and in passing underneath the whales struck it so violently as to send it quite up. The pug- nacious cetacece appeared immediately on the other side, some of them bleeding profusely from the effects of the collision. They headod back for the vessel, and kept in unpleasant proximity to her for somo time, but the rude rebuff thoy received from the centre-board probably deterred them from strikng her again." The New Zealand papers print the fol- lowing opinion from Professor Hearn on the question raised by Mr. G. B. Barton in refer- ence to a procedure in the recent Dunedin libel case :-" I do not think that thore can bo the least doubt that Her Majesty may pardon before or after conviction ; that the powers of tho Governor are limited by his commission and instructions ; and that under these instruments the Governor exercises the power of pardoning after conviction, and nothing more.-W. E. HEAKN. The Uni- versity of Melbourne, March 24,187L" A boat accident, by which four lives wore lost, took placo in Akaroa harbour, Now Zealand, on the night of the 17th April. It seems that some settlers and their families were returning to Akaroa from tho head of the bay in boats, and when about three miles from the former place were caught in the vio- lent storm which blew on that night. In attempting to run into German Bay for shelter, ono of the boats, containing five per- sons, struck on a reef at the entranco of Lushington Bay, and its occupants, with the exception of a man named James Wardlo, wero drowned. Their names were -Mr. Hugh Dalgleish, a settler residing at Devau. chelles Bay, his wife, her sister, a young.'giri named E, Shadbolt, and a man named George Bryon. A merchant tailor of Boston recently de. ceased has bequeathed the sum of 3,000,000 dollars-about £600,000-for the foundation of "an instituto for the education of women to obtain their own livelihood." "Noother condition," says the Pall Mall Gazette, "is attached to the legacy, and the application of the bequest is left to the judgment of the principal executor, his legal adviser, who pro- poses to make the principal feature a school of domestic economy and an art school, which, from the amount of the funds dis- posable for it, will probably be the most im- portant in America. Mr. Simmons, the tes- tator, has had in his employ many seam- stresses and other women, and so was made painfully aware of the neod which he has endeavoured to supply." Our bundles of papers from America by the last Californian mail, include the first num- ber of The National Transition Moonly Voice, a journal which professes to be "dovoted to scientific national reconstruction, " and is to be " published at each full moon." It is printed at Salem, New Jersey, and the numbor before us is dated " Full Moon, 3rd Mo-March-Oth, 1871-5631- 95-&C.;" Thissystom of dating is explained as referring to " the Christian year, the Jewish, the American, or United States, and tho &c;, includes tho Chi- nese and all others." That tho new journal is constructed on principles all its own will be shown by a brief indication oMts contents. The first piece is headed '."ihvokive," and is in rhyme. It seems amongst some peculiar theology expressed in commonplace language and halting verso, to bo intended to " invoke" a blessing on the writer's self-appointed task, ' a Nation's polity to purge." In the next article, under the head of "Sam ti ve," the Moonly Voice descends to prose, and approaches intelligi- bility. The first paragraph says-" The com- mendations of our previous writings by a few progressive minds (chiolly females), and thoir condemnation by twice the number of old-school masculine politicians (living upon the labours of others, and denying to woman her natural right to an equal voice with them- selves in Government), are deomed sufficient encouragement for beginning the publica- tion of this, our first penodical, with a list of 11 volunteer subscribers." From this it does not seem too much to infer that the Moonly Voice here expresses*itself through a female medium, and it is evident that at present it only addresses a limited audiouco. We next learn that on the basis of the 11 volunteer subscribers, it is sought "to introduce to the world a recently-dis- covered scientific and permanent system of National Government." While feeling "free to quote from the productions of other authors of the present and past ages of the world for convenience in illustrating or clarifying our ideas," the Moonly Voice has "neither time nor disposition to consult established authori- ties." In fact, it would be useless to do so, inasmuch as "We hold ourselves morally amenable to no Earthly [as distinguished, wo imagine, from Moonly] authority, and shall conform to established usages only far as they harmonise with Na- ture's laws or processes." Further on, wo learn that "there is no Earthly tribunal which can justly call us and our adherents to account for our moral conduct, for which we hhld ourselves responsible only to NA- TURE'S GOD." The next article is headed "Seven," and we leam that "in this 'mystical number' we havo found a koy which has enabled us, by a method of Natural Correspondences, to open a new volume in Nature's library, and reveal to tho world the goneral plan of her Nation creating processes." Judging from the chap er submitted, it would appear that the "new , volume" is likely to prove very touch reading. If to be mystical is to bo unintelligible, wo should say that this is Vory mystical indeed. Aftor another mysterious chapter, entitled "Unity," we land on firm ground in an 'article under tho head of "Business," which commences in the following business-liko stylo :-" Lot orders bo briof, clear, and pointed, and written separately from othor communications." From tho specimon mun 'her, it would seem that if by other communications is meant contributions, tho less clear and pointed they aro the botter they will harmonise with the stylo of the Moonly Voice. ' ' To those, " says this article, " who ob- ject to the size of our paper in proportion to its price, we would suggest that originality may bo worth something in this ago of counter- feits," Tho last column is headed " Oddon titles," which is chiefly valuablo as giving tho correct address of the editor of the Moonly Voice, which we are happy to loam is " Robort i Sinnickson, editor, publisher, proprietor, and printer, Salem, Now Jersey, United States of North Amorica, Western Continent of Planet Earth, Solar System, Stellar Universe." Should a communication so addressed go astray, it would certainly prove extreme care- lessness on the part of tho letter-carrier. The opera of the " Daughter of the Rogi mont" was again performed at tho Princess's Thoatro last night. Mrs. G. B. Allen was very successful in pleasing the audionce as Mario Tho opera of ." Dor Frieschutz" will be givon this evening. On Saturday evening, in ac- cordance with a vory genoral wish, the spark- ling comic opera "The Grand Duchoss of Gorolstein" will bring tho opora season to a close. The Theatre Royal was only modoratoly attended last night. Mr. Coppin repeated his impersonation of Wackford Squoers, and mot with a good reception. The afterpiece was "Kathleen Mavourneen." I The new song, " Lay me in my littlo bed," as pef ormed at the Haymarket Theatre by tho Minstrel Troupe, ha* become a great favourite with the audience. The amusing sckotch at the conclusion is capitally done, and now goes very welL Tho Williamstown Choral Society gaver another concert in the local Mechanics' In- stitute, on Thursday evening, there being about 300 people present. Barnett's cantata " Tho Ancient Mariner" constituted the first part of the programme, the second part con- sisting of selections from the works of various < composers. Photography appears to be coming moro and more unto use as supplying a basis for portrait-pointers to work upon, We have - seen some clevor paintings at Mr. Nettleton'» establishment, oxecuted by Mr. Frith, a cousin of the R.A., which combine fidelity of portraiture with technical finish. They are of the Kit-kat size, and there is this noticeable feature about them, that the photograph, having served its purpose, is completely obli- terated. A mooting was held on Wednesday evening at the Carlton Club Hotel, by the members of tho Carlton United Cricket Club, to determine upon the advisability of winding up the affairs of the club J Mr. Kemp was in tho chair. It was determined to wind up the club's affairs, as the members were anxious to join the Carlton Cricket Club. During the evening Erizo bats were presented to J. Newing, ¡ghost average scorer, and to Hayman, for having the best bowling average. A ball was presented to W. Newing, the secretary of the club, in acknowledgment of his services. The usual monthly meeting of the commit- tee of management of the Melbourne Sailors' Home was held in the office of the institution on Wednesday, tho 3rd inst., at 2 p.m., at which the following members wero present : ' -Messrs. James Lorimer (in the chair), Wai. Siddeley, and H. A. Coffey. By the superin- tendent's report it appeared that 142 boarders had entered the institution and 119 left it during the month, the daily average having been 60. £362 10s. ' 4d. bad been deposited and £296 4s. lOd. withdrawn by seamen during the month. The statement made ia one of the daily papers, that a shipwrocked crew of Asiatic seamen had been re- fused admittance to the home as boarders, was referred to as being incorrect, as the superintendent had not beon applied to by them to be admitted. Thoy are now inmates of the institution, although, being the crew of a Norwogian vessel, they should by right have been looked after by the consul for Norway. The usual monthly accounts wore passed for payment. Numbers of Boa men wero in groat distress through the system which is becoming so prevalent of discharging them without paying them any wages, and bringing them from other ports to this at Is. per month, although employment is still very scarce. The South Yarra Football Club held their annual general meeting on Tuesday evening last, Mr. John Steavenson, president of the club, in the chair. The secretary reportod that the club had not been very successful in their matches last season, which ho attributed in a great measure to the want of a proper practice ground, but that this season arrangements were being made for the uso of tho Grammar School Ground. The financial position of tho club was Bhown to bo satisfactory, there being a balance of £711s. 4d. from last season. It was then determined, on the motion of Mr. Gair, seconded by Mr. Perrin-"That the 'Challenge Cup' question bo submitted to the arbitration of a committee, consisting of a representative from each of the Football Clubs, such committee to be empowered to alter the present 'Cup' rules, should it be thought desirable." Tho election of office- bearers was then proceeded with. Mr. John Steavenson was re-elected prosidont, Mr. George Gair secretary, and Mr. Crawford was elected treasurer vice Mr. Perrin, resigned. A committee was then choson, consisting of the following gentlemen :-Messrs. Watti Bromby, Riddell, E. Fulford, and O.Williams. It was agreed that the first scratch match of the season should be played next Saturday, the 6th inst., on the Grammar School ground, play to commence at half-past 2. 