ODDS AND ENDS. (FIIOM OUR SYDNEY COKRESPONDKKT.) " -Dulclque anlinos novltiito tonofoo." ' *Ovid/ '* " With iwoot novelty your tasto I'll plowo." \- EUHDBJf. Tub opening of Parliament—a groat day; for " dirty little vulgar boys," volunteers, polico men, nurse-girls, Ministers of the Crown, and our legislators—took pluco on Tuesday with excoeding pomp and pageantry. Out sido tlio Council Chambers a guard of honour of Yon Martin's household troops was in readiness to rcceivo his Excellency, a band of tho volunteers, borrowed for the occasion, discoursed martial music, and the loafors. and idlers of . Sydney took up convenient spots from which to soo what thoy could seo. Within woro seated sundry of tho fair sox in breathless expectation, but not robed with that tasto and attention to the ruling fashion that is generally characteristic of tho sox. This may bo possibly owing to tho latonoss ' of tho soason at which Parliament has boon called together, and tho young ladies may bo reserving thoir visits to David Jones and Farmer Painter,\ till 'tho arrival of their. Christmas noveltios. Tho Government have much to answer for in this. The Conscript Fathers, headod by the President in gorgoous array, took thoir soats with commendablo punctuality. Suddenly guns wore board booming out tlio joyful iutelligoncn that his Excellency hail atartod 011 liia perilous journoy. A few minutos after, and a party in black—evidently a relic of the dark ftgoa— proclaimed " his Kx'jolloney approaching tho Council Chamber." The click of the rillcs of.tho guard of honour in presenting arms, a few bars of tho National Anthem, and his Hxcclloucy very resplendent ami correspond ingly uncomfortable—got up rcgardloss of expanse, with cocked hat, cvoam-eoloured inexpressibles, and lovely pink stockings d la Zavistowski—mado his appearanco aud walked to his seat with strides resembling tiioso of tho ghost in Hatnlofc. Tho Faithful Commons having bcon scut for appeared, and like tho guests in John Parry's evening party, in they camo two-two-two, looking funereally jolly. Thoro was tho moighty Cummiugs brimful of spaches on tho vast iutayrior ; John Itobertson, pulling his beard for want of thought; Martin, ready for a row; Lord, helpless ; Macleay, defiant; and while Wilson aud Wenrno threw cold water upon tho proceeding, J. Campbell backed it up by his favorite and very imprcssivo mono syllable "yes." His Excellency then read the spooch, which of courso contained tho usual amount of promises and bad grammar. After which, simuc qui peal became the order of tho day, and everyone "got out of it" as quickly as possible. At tho afternoon sitting in tho As sembly a fair number of souators pre sented themselves. As I prophesied last' week, Buchanan boat John Stewart and first caught tho eye of tho Speaker. Ho gave the usual amount of notices of motions and questions, which aro too numerous for mo to detail. The answer to the address was moved by Mr. 11. 13. Smith, and was remarkable only for tho frequent use of the expression "It is to be hoped." It was seconded by Mr. Clark, who "it is to bo hoped" it away to an awful oxtent, quito eclipsing tho hopes of the mover. In all probability, this hoping of the lion, sup porters of tho Government is about all wo shall over arrive at. The country lias been fed upon hopes for a long time, and has not got very fat upon it either. Mr. Farnell, of speakiug-againsfc-time notoriety, proposed an amendment .and lashed tho Government pretty roundly; first, upon the lateness of tho calling together of tho Houso; the visit to Molbourne, and the little or 110 good result ing therefrom ; the hash made of tho Border duties, demanding £100,000 without being supplied with statistics or kuowing why they asked for it. He then twitted Von Martin upon having said in- 1S70, that rather than havo recourse to Border dnties lio would do away with the Iucome altogether, and nearly frightened poor Lord into a fit by informing him that ho had mado a mistako of £334,000 according to the Chizztle* The Premier, motioning to his Treasurer • to "lionld his whisht," gave a .sort of special pleading speech, and blamed Farnell for wasting the time of the House. This was, to say tlio least, baso ingratitude, as not so very long ago poor Farnell was 11 put up" by the thou leader of tho Opposition to speak against time—a feat which Mr. Farnell suc ceodod in accomplishing, and for which ho lias never beon rewarded. . Dr. Xavier Bailey, self-styled Bishop of the Free Church of England, lias como to grief, and has been consigned to tlio guar dianship of Mr. Reed at D.irlinghurst'for tho space of six calendar months, in addition to which ho has to pay a fine of £50, for a broach of the Marriage Act. Tho only wonder, is that lie has for so long a time escaped. It has boon a scandal to society that tho rites of religion should bo so tam pered with, and all decency in celebrating marriages ignored. Tlic Cliief Justice was, in passing sontenco, somewhat hot on tho prelate, and informed him that tho number of marriages—some 450 in a year, I believe —would not have beon so large had his clients been more intimately acquainted with tho rev. gentleman. In connection with this scandal, I may mention that thoro is s ro port that a squatter—or at at all ovonts, somo up-country gentleman—was married somo little time back in a state of intoxica tion to somo antique specimen of a waiting maid; that lie awoko next morning with a severe lieaclaclio and an old wifo, both acquisitions the result of.the libations of tlio. previous day. What has become of tho married mau I know not. By tho Molbourne papers I see that the Cerberus is likely to prove ahele noir to tho authorities. Somo twenty thousand Sabba tarians, and an equal amount of non-Sabba tarians, aro agitating on the proprioty .of allowing visitors to tlio Ccborus on Sundays. What a pity it/is there is. so much cant in tho world. • , ■ At tho Central Criminal Court on Saturday tho Government — I suppoio. that .yqryv talented specimen of a Minister, Mr. Byrnes, ? as Commissioner of Railways, is blameable, as that branch is unfortunately undor his superior inis-direction—was reprimanded by the jury for placing ono Margaret Callaghan in a responsible) position on the railway, which resulted in tho do*th of a lad. The lamontablo ignoranco oxhibitod by tho Com missioner at Goulburn and Bathurst on all matters connected with his dopartmont, and tho utter want of management displayed by him-in his ministerial career, ought to onsuro the lion, mombor for Farramatta a voto of oonsuro from tho Houso.. Tho groat case of Beaumont v. Macansh, ■which as a squatting squabble is quito a cause eeltbre, having lasted seventy-one days,; has at last terminated. Tho jury, who havo had a pleasant country trip at tho oxpenso of the litigants, approve vory much of tho whole proceeding, and vow eternal gratitude to Beaumont,Macansh, Judgo and ovorybody else, and pray dovoutly for another case as pleasant and remunerative. ,.The lawyers, as is not unfrequontly tho case, havo got the host of it; and, dividing tho succulent bivalve among thomselvos, lcavo a shell apioco for thoir clients. ' Tho eelipso is oxciting somo little talk to use a parliamentary phrase, " it ib to bo hoped" that the Govornmont will not^ bo backward in sending proper ropresontativos to tho intorostijig ceromony. It is vory good of tho oclipso to visit the southern homis phoro ; and, as oolipsos don't como evory day or night, it will bo well to make tho host of this. Chang the.great has taken uuto himself a wife. A lady resident of Sydney has had the hardihood to any " Yes" to tho inodeafc proposal of a Chinese suitor. There cer tainly ia no accounting for tastes, but it ia not gonorally looked upon as quite tho thing for English pcoplo to intermarry with tlio Chinese. Indeed, some folks actually pro nonnco it tho hthjht of absurdity and a great mistake. Sydnoy ought to bo very gratified though, for may wo not ore long bo blcsfc with some little Chungs, and will it not look well in history some century hcnco to read as a description of Sydnoy people, "tlioro were giants among thorn in those days " J Tho Prince of Wales his birthday anniver sary was duly solemnised, and kopt up with extraordinary vivacity and pertinacity till the small hours of tho next day. Oiio of tho peculiar proclivities of Sydnoy people is tho avidity with which they holiday-make— pie-uics, cricket matchcs, rogattas, athletic Bports in tho day time, and the theatres and concert-rooms at night, finding hosts of devotees ; and yet they complain of tho bad ness of the times, anil the want of coin of the reattii. Anyhow, money is always forth coming when required. Dalley, who, as I told you in my last, had left for Brisbane to conduct the great Lilley libel case, has been recalled by a telegram announcing tho severe illueas of his father. Ho is cxpected back this evening, and I regret to say that the announcement of liis father's death will meet liini upon bis arrival. "TAU." 