PLANCH ETTA. No. III. ( Circle consists of Messrs. A., J3-. O., and the Stranger.) A.—I CAN call spirits from the vasty deep. B.—I'd much rather you'd produce them from the sideboard. A.—There you are—help yourselves. Now, gentlemen, are you game to try this plauchette business 1 C.—Well, to tell you the truth, I think we've all had quite enough of it. We might hear as much bad of the women as they heard of us. That would hurt my feelings. Stranger.—But we're all smoking, and no decent woman's spirit would come near us and tell on her friends. B.—For my part there are few in this world, and certainly none in the other, I'd care to converse with. Let's have a rub—that's better than talking. A.—Nonsense. We must have the ghosts. Put the things on the sideboard, there—^ad^owijyeadsiut your fingers so. Yes, that's the idea. You'll B.—Law! X^QwS^ar^asteof~bl^<^feime ! We might have had a rubber over by mis. The spirits ar& tehypf us. A.—Morejtbaii ypu^rdldMu^aeia.:: Bo, boys, keep steady a little. I'm awfully \anxibtfS-TO near Sortifethjiig about the women. Stranger.Affij^ffisjfoe correctjbfajkgyjr thinking of ? A.—You shoiiM^^^l^mttEem^yyoll up. B.—I'm a witimgyflEeljato^Sf^ut the spirits appear to be a won'ting. C.—I hope to goodress we won't catch an historical ghost, or he'd make a perfect fool of me. I forget all the dates, and, if we raised the ghost of THOMAS A'BECKETT, he might say he was the father of our own T. T., and I couldn't bowl him out. B.—Oh 1 I know. They were both mixed up with bishops, councils, and that sort of thing. A.—Steady, for Heaven's sake ! I feel a movement in the table. B.—Wasn't it a blessing we moved the grog 1 C.—I say, A., if this table of yours goes on so, he'll break his legs. Stranger.—Confound him, he's put his castor on my corn. A.—Woah! You buck- jumping brute. Stop that knocking, or you'll waken the children. B.—I was taught in my earliest infancy that the multiplication table was a vexation, but I'm hanged if this isn't twice as bad. Stranger.—My idea is that we should all jump on him, and see if that would take his courage down. Our corns would be safe, at least. A.—Agreed. Quietly now, boys, or he'll buck some of you into the fireplace. Aye, that's better, but keep your hands together still, and go on willing. B.—Ob, this is too horrible ! Why, he carries us as easily as an elephant would four fleas. C.—Look out for your heads against the ceiling, gentlemen ! A my poor fellow, I'm afraid that bald spot of yours got it rather hard then. A.—I'm really very sorry I've been the means of placing you all in such an elevated position. The question now is, how are we to get down ? Stranger.—I suppose if we put our hands in our pockets, and cease willing, the table will descend. B.—On no account, as you value your lives. Will harder than ever, I'm over sixteen stone, and the fall would be fatal. We'll be bound to go down by the run. C.—The confounded beast of a table is making for the window. Look here, A., if anything serious happens, I'll bring an action against you in the spiritual courts. A.—" Sweet spirits, hear my prayer 1" Tut us but back into the dining room, and Til solemnly promise to let you all rest in peace from this time forth for evermore. Onmes.—We swear it, IS.—Kiss the table. A.—Oh, it's nouse. We're off, and it's raining cats and dogs. Will you excuse me, gentlemen, for a while. Keep your fingers together, and go on willing. I'll slip down under the table, and hold on by a leg. Stranger.—No. Stay where you are. I have an idea. Let us all commence willing to be put on the ground. Together, now, strongly. Onmes.—We will. t They are put on the ground, A.—Now, gentlemen, you've taken my table out of my house at about half-past eleven on a very wet night. Will you each be kind enough to take a corner of it, and lielp me to see it home again. The first turn to the right—then straight 'ahead, and we'll be there in half an hour. 