ST. STEPHEN'S CHURCH, NEWTOWN.— THE FOUNDATION-STONE. On Saturday afternoon the foundation-stone of St Stephen's Church, Newtown, was laid by his .Excellency Earl Belmore. The new church is to be built within the ground of the cemetery. The architect is Mr. E. T. Blackett, the contractors Messrs. Howling and Kirkham. A model of the church was exhibited on the ground. It will be a spacious and picturesque building. The Rev. Robert Taylor is the incumbent, Messrs. C. Rollaston, Crane, and W. G. Sedgwick churchwardens, A large number of clergy end laity ^ero assembled to witness the ceremony ; among whom were the Dean of Sydney, Canon Yidal, Eevs. Messrs.' Bobert Taylor, H. S. Sing, T. O' Reilly, Stanley Mitchell, W. Scott, Bich, TJnwin, B. Lee, J. F. Mardon, W. Lumsdaine, Thomas Wilson, and Dr. Z. Barry. Among the laymen present were the Hon. Messrs. John and Charles Campbell, Captain Evans, Mr. S. O. Brown, M.L.A., Messrs. Eldred, Breillat, O. Bolleston, Moore, Dillon, W. Reeve, &e.; Shortly after 3 o'clock Earl Belmore with the Countess, and two of their daughters, accompanied by Mr. Henry, private secretary, arrived at the' spot. At the approach of hiB Excellency the royal standard was hoisted. When all necessary preparations were complete, the Bev. Bobert Taylor gave out the first hyrri appointed for the day — Lord of hosts ! to Thee we raise Here a house of prayer and praise. Thou thy people a hearts prepare, Here to meet fer praise and prayer. Prayers, and the 132ad psalm were read by the Bev. B. Taylor. The proper lesson (I. CVinth. 3 c, vers. 18) was read by the Bev. W. Ssott, and the colleots for seventh Sunday after Trinity, St. Simon and St. Jude, and St. Stepen's Day by the Bev. Hulton 8. King Mr. C- ) olleston then read the scroll, and then deposited it under the stone in a battle. It was headed with the inscription: ' New tow a. To the glory of G-od, and in remembrance of the Cb-istian martyr St. Stephen, the foundation-stone of this Oburch was laid by his Excellency Somerset Earl Belmore, &?.' Then followed tho date, the names of the Metropolitan, tbe Incumbent, the Church wardens, the Building Committee, the honorary troosurers, Sir. T. C. Breillat and JJt i?, C. Brown, H.L.A. ; honorary secretaries, Bev. B. Taylor aid Mr. M. B. Al'an. The scroll having been deposited in the hols pre pared for it, his Excellency took the trowel and mallet presented to him, and laid tho stone, saying, as he did so, ' I lay this as the fouTidfttion-stone of a church to be built iu this place, to be named ' St Stephens's Ohurch,' in tho name of tho Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.1' Other prayeu followed, with a special ooll9ct, and a second hymn — ' ims stone to ines in mtn wo lay, «c, The Dean of Sydxey, tiking his 6land on tte f lundation-stone, gave an address to tie congrega tion. He referred to the necessity which had grown up for a larger bu:,.ding than that hitherto used vi the parish Churon of St.S;ephens — a bo'lding ha'f school half-church. When that church was bui't there were but a few hundred poople in Newtown, now there were 3000 members of tho Ohurch of England in tho parish. A largo church was, therefore, needed for the accommodation of the people. It was also fitting that the Church of England ehou'.d have a building more worthy to represent her in this parish. The parishioners had responded in a very worLhv manner to tho appaal mado to then for funds to erect this church. About £3001 had been pro mised by them for tb's purpaso. Tho friends of those who were buried in the cemetery had siib ssribr-i about £900 So that about £4000 wa6 eub Bcribed. They would require £9000 to complete the building ; but £0500 w.uld be enough to prepare it for Divine service. They hoped to get JilO'.'O fir land granted as tho eito of a church, but no longer required. ThiB would make up i'5000. £1500 more would bo required to complete the building for Divine servico. The work of building it v.oul: extend ovor two years; fid during that time thcEO ?nterested m'ght provide the necsssa-y fi'ida. Gifts reproduced themselves. poople gave, they wero encouraged to give more. He would encourage the Rev. Robert Taylor ftnd bis Siionds by tho history of St. Philip's Church, which was built in times of difficulty. Tho cost was twice a3 much as t at of j th:s church was expected to be. In answer | to priivor funds carr.o in as llioy veie j wanted,' frcm unexpectoi quarters. lie con eluded, by slating that a collection would bo j made for the building fun J, nJ expressed his Lope j c ncerning tho future history of this church begun I under the auspices of his Excellency E''~l Belmore, ' with the presence of the Countess and so many of his reverend brethren and other friends. As a proof of the des'ro of the committee to avoid all extrava gance, they had deposit'! with the scroll only a single sixpence. The colltcLion was then made, Pid the procee'1:-'7S wore concludcd by the Djaa pronouncing tho bene diction. 