THE AMERICAN PRESS ON THE FOREIGN POLIOY OF ENGLAND. (Nexo York Herald, Marchi.) TUB Marquis of Salisbury, patron of oigbt bonofioea in tbe Church of England, and ox-Socretary of tho, Crown for India-and tho Hight Hon. Benjamin Disraeli, who comes from an ancestry which knew not Church benefices but gayo free offorings to an untitled priesthood, ex Premier and ex-Chancellor of tho British Exchequer-made a' simultaneous parliamentary assault on tho foreign policy of Mr. Gladstone last night-tho first in the House of Lords, and the other in tho Commons. The argu- ment is tho stereotyped ono of tho mon who aro out of office. "John Bull" has been insulted, and ! humbled, and "John" is in danger. Tho "foreign Powers aro all contemptuous to England," says tho Marquis of . Salisbury; "Prussia has declined England's aid in her negotiations for peace with France," and " Russia has repudiated - obligations solemnly agreed to at tho end of tho Crimean war." " Mr7 Disraeli giveB notice of a question which goes to show that he is convinced that Russia and Prussia hnvo bamboozled Mr. " Bull," and that Count Bismarck has given Mr. Odo Russell a preliminary lesson in tho science of .diplomacy, the very initial lotters of which asto niahod the British envoy at "Versailles. We trust that "when the Marquis of Salisbury declared that " all tho foreign Powers were contemptuous towards England" ho did not inolude the United States, for if he did he is evidently mistaken, as may bo aeon by the reception which has been accorded to tho mem- bers of the Joint High Commission in Washington. Aa to " Prussia declining England's aid in the negotiations for peace _ with Prance," it I'B not at sill wonderful, for tho simple reason that the Emperor William did not require it. Like the ghost Btory in '.Dickens's " Bleak Houso"-That'B Solomon Daisy's story," said John Willett, "and no one shall tell it by ray fireside hut Solomon Daisy" Tho Emperor William can tell tho story of peace himself, and without English aid. His Majesty is, moreover, a very religious and domestic gentle- man-as has been proveí by our special cable reports ot his affectionate loiters to Queen Augusta during the war-and being so he does not wish to renew the rather indelicate scenes of "Mother Harris" or " Mrs. Sairey Gamp" getting astride on a broomstick and soaring in the air across the Channel from the " tight little isle" , to the Continent. England, with- out Napoleon at the Tuileries, has very lew friends in Europe. Haring demolished Austria and France, Count Bismarck is preparing to uso np Great Britain. Our special correspondent reports, on good authority, that he will soon issue a circular, reviewing the history and events of the lalo war, in which ho will severely comment, almost to offensiveness, on the attitude of England during the struggle, characteriz- ing the policy of the British Government aa " tricky and evasive. . Will this circular he the initiatory movement in ev German-Russian crusade against the East ? England will doubtless take tho castigation administered by Bismarck in a becoming spirit of meekness and resignation-at least ofitwnrdly. It will gall her, however, tn receive such treatment at the hands of the same Germany that she saved from political vassalage to France little moro than half a century ago. {New York Twits, March 7.) For sixty-four years Prussia has hated France on account of Jena; now France will probably hate Prussia for sixty-four years more on account of Sedan and Paris-and so it goes on. If you tell them they ought not to hate each other, that the Bible says it is wrong, each will reply that that is very truo ; but that, nevertheless, the first chance it gets it will givo the other a drubbing, to take the impudence out of it, and teach it how to behave. In short, in the matter of charity and forgiveness, they feel very much ns the poet Heino said ho felt about forgiving his enemies. What he asked of Providence was, a modest cottage, with half-a-dozen of his enemies hanging to a tree in front. of his door. H o was ready to forgive them, but not till they were hung. Tho Prussians are ready to love Frenchmen, but only after having given them a severe beating, and af tor tho French- men have acknowledged themselves to be vain, ficklo, vicious people, in every way inferior to tho Germans. Tho French, on tho other hand, are willing to love tho Germans after having captured Berlin, and after tho Germans havo acknowledged themselves to' be cc.rso, stupid, and gluttonous barbarians, in ov»ry way inferior to tho French. Both will agree, t»,o, to love and forgive tho English, b'it only after having seized London, and levied a handsome contribution on it, and obtained from both Houses of Parliament a formal acknowledg- ment that a more perfidious, heartless, canting, and hypocritical nation than England never existod. This being tho stato of things, the rei^n of peuce is evidently very near at hand. 