TUE MYSTERIOUS TALLOW CHANDLER. Two "housebreakers" wero brought up last week, at Greenwich, who told Buch an odd but satisfactory story that thoy wero at once released. Of all places in the world tho Crown and Sceptro is tho centre oi this " talu of romaneo and m story." Whitebait not wonders and supernatural visitations-hnvo hitherto formed tho stupid of that amphibious iios teliy; but henceforward it possesses a ghost of its own, und will bo licensed to retail spiritual ns well ns Bpirituous articles. Tho proprietor, it seems, v. us informed by a neighbour on tho provious Sunday evening, that two auspicious individuals had bcon seen to enter tho empty houso adjoining his premise:?. "Mino boat" proceeded to tho spot, and there dis covered u couplo of apparently guilty miscreants ono holding open a cullnr-door, nnd tho other grop- ing about in tho gloom like another Guido lAiwkes. Tho nocturnal visitants refused to furnish any account of themselves, and wero straightway given into custody. Next dry, when they were brought beforo thc bench tl . \\- gave their namr.s and addresses like honest p. ? LAo ; while tho;r appenr unco, fur from being- burglarious, waa extremely respectable. What di 1 they, thou, at that dark hour upon tba promit,: i adjoining tho Crown anet Sceptro? Ono of tho two, a Mr. Richard Ball, spoke up for himself and his companion, Mr. Samuel Suvugo. Ho explained to tho majesty of justice, that tho 1 cuso which they wero accused, in tho stcru phraseology of tho indictment, of "entering for an unlawful purpose," had formerly boon occupied hy his grandfather and father, who carried on there together tho business of tallow chandlery. " When my father died," tho prisoner said, " his last words to us were, ' Look under the stairs ; thero you will find a lot of money.'" This rem afkablo observation nppears to havo boen neglected at tho timo-wh-.tker because tho dying chandler waa otherwiso incoherent, or becuueo filial feelings overwhelmed the son, wo aro ,.not informed. But latterly a strango and ; repeated monition had como to Mr. Ball, junior. For several nights thoBpirit of his siro had nppuared, and pronounced tho emphatic words, " Undor tho stairs !" Ouco and twico tho vision haunted Mr. Richard Bull in vain ; but when it came tho third time, like a modern Hamlet ho took counsel with his Horatio, Mr. Samuel Savage, and tho two deter- : mined upon action. On tho supposition that tho. ' empty houso door would bo found merci, latched, , they resolved to "have a look;" and, accordingly, 1 when tho Greenwich ' folk wero quiot, and i tho dusk hud fallen, tho two friends ' repaired to tho deserted tenement, and : proceeded to make an examination. At that thrill j ing moment tho landlord of the Crown and Sceptro stepped in ; so that it is, as yet, impossible to say j whether tho ghost's word was worth anything. Tho truth of the prisoner's statement as to the demiso of tho tallow chandler being confirmed, both tho accused wore nt once discharged. . Out of common ! respoct for public curiosity, the search must now bo prosecuted ; fur, though tho stairs in question aro . removed, their situation is known, or porhaps tho '. ghost wits indifferent to such a detail, and spoke, ns j Mr. Disraeli would say, "historically." On tho other theory, if ho was but a visionary impostor, tho , midnight product of an indigcstiblo supper, tho ? sooner ho is laid tho belter for all beliovcrs ia super- natural visitants. 