Aborigine* on Fraxer'a fklaud. ) The He*. J. B»cMe. who has Jfliely been on a visit to the Rev. Mr. Fuller, at Frazer's Island, addressed a public meeting at Brisbane on Monday evening last. He pave 8'>me inte resting particulars of ilie state of the tniebiori and th« pvogrcs* made by the aborigines. From the report of the meeting we make the following cxtiacUHaving occasion to go to Oympie, it was resolved that he (Mr. lluckle) should |«ay a visit to the scene of the nifcbiou. In pursuance of this design he left Urisbane on tho 1st February, and proceeded to Oynipie and from thence to Maryborough, arriving there on the Slat February, Hcfoie he had been long in Maryborough his attention was invited to two or three young black lads, who intimated that they had been fot some time attending school in connection with the inixsion station at Frazcr Island. He exa mined these tx»ys to see if Mr. Fuller® letter concerning tho progress made by the boys at school would be corroborated, and he found thnt not only was that report fully justified, but thnt they were really further advanced tiun hnd been stated. When they had got all ready for n start to the island they were taken there by the pilot boat. The mission is situ* ated about t*u utiles from the mouth of the Mary River, and on their arrival there they got a most cordial and hearty reception from Mr. Fuller. The house is a most simple and unpretentious establishment, and consists of a wooden fr&nio; covered with ordinary ticking, sufficient to screen Mr. Fuller from the rays of the sun. but he very much doubted if it wa<i sufficient to afford much protection during1 one : of the heavy thunderstorms to which wo are accustomed- Mr. Fuller's industry was re markable since he had arrived at the Island irr October last. He .had, In company with his coadjutors, rJaired t>*tr so *er& sua » h$}f of land, and they had sown various classes o? seeds. He was sorry to Bay, however, that the plants had thriven very hadly through some cause. There were two dftswes <»f soil on the island; the first was of a light ftandy nature, and (lie other a rich blaci vegetable soli. Since Mr. Fuller has been there there was not the slightest doubt that he had earned his bread by the sweat of his brow. With his own hinds, and with only a tin-dish as an in strument. he had dammed back the waters of a ceek, HO as to have a supply of tresh water in all seasons. The natives of tills island had always borne the name of being very savage, and also treacherous, and perhaps there were I ffond reasons to eive them thin name. The fact that they were cannibals was proved la conteaUbly. Huriop 1ii« (Mr. Buckle's) resi dence there. one ol tlio finest young men on the Island was with his mottier destroyed, and tliere was very strong proof that their flesh had also been eaten.. He bad, however, ob served very many traits of natural affection among tlie natives which he did not expeot. He had also observed (list some ot the ladies were destitute of the little finger of the left band, and on inquiring the reason for this mutilation was told that it was a eign that tlie damsel had been led to tbe hymeneal altar. This little finger was given to the husband as a proof of tbe affection in which bis wife held bint, and was not a compulsory portion of tbe maniage oeremnnr hot entirely optional with the lady, Mr. Falter taught two classes of the native* daily, ope in tbe taorning and one in the afternoon. Some nf tho chil dren were now ablo to write letters of the alphabet, and make figures on slates. Tliere1 was also an advanced class, which three pupils' attended-litnnie, Tommy and Tobie lien-' nie had made very rapid progress, and was 1 now able to read the New Testament with j comparatively little asiistanco. Ho had asked 1 Mr. Fuller if the blacks had any idea of a j Supreme Being, and be bad told him that the belief in a superior being was general among tliem, They also believed iq the existence of an evil Spirit, Whom they called " Mellonjr." They ascribed all their troubles to him, and believed his mission was to annoy and bother them. In a private conversation which be bad with them they fully corroborated these statements, and he aUo round that they be lieved implicitly in ghosts, whom they called *'Unther mulher." During bis atay he had some very interesting conversation with them and they, had treated iiim very kindly. They had treated bim to some excellent Slabs, but theirprinaipalfood was a root called tl>e native I honeysuckle and a large cookie called by them j "Hurong." Mr. Fuller bad taught then to I alng some hymns, and they could now render.: Several in a very pleasing and effective man- ] ner. Hitherto, although be had exposed his i life in a most perilous manner, he had been : protected by tbe providence of God, and ex- j pressed the fullest confidence in the blacks by j whom he was surrounded. His provisions were nightly exposed to robbery, but not a single native had interfered with them. 