WE can well picture to ourselves tbe blank amazement and chagrin tbat would be dej picted on every face in the House of Lords, j and on the Conservative side of the Commons, ° when it.bscame known that the abolition of i I™*™ ^ ^come law, in. spite of \- their GtrenuoilB opposition. The faction in favor of purchase, and the House of Lord., . were like an army outflanked: They thought h eaemy had been utterly routed, but they i . L j j* j j looked, and behold the Liberate bad effected a countermarch in good order, and were 6 • . . masters ot the position. Rever was there a more brilliant coup de etat! The progrese , , - „ . , . of constitutional government ic England 15 a marvellous thing. Sing John had no idea that he was laying tbe foundation of English liberties when he acted the tyrant. But John , . . , , had more to do With the making Ot the great charter than those who drew it up. mi ,, - - j .l /i i T h en the nobles joined the Commons and burgers, W and obliged 811,3 8OMETIMES ^ tbe kings ADD over TO and ANTEC over E - dent concessions! The Edwards and Henrys, prosecuting their war, in France, little thought that tbe concessions they were making again and again, in order to get sup- , i j P'les were only eo many more stones placed on the building of English liberties.' Happy , „ , . , France if the same process had gone on there. Slowly, but surely, the Commons have ^f—ted their power. If we remember aright it -.-.T:-: lbs reign of William and Mary when Cabinet Ministers were first J - . "invented." They were brought into f equi- ' ,jtj011 ^ advisers of the Queen daring WiUiam's absence, on the Continent and in By mean, of this power we now see the Commons have Seized the Crown, The reigning monarch now is only a puppet, , , b b ™ the sceptre is becoming an emblem of popular power. The most recent mode of • r , , . coercing the Lords—thai is antecedent to this latest ruse de guerre—was the threat to , . f t 1 , , ereate baronets free l J» and swamp the bouse with "nobodies." This had the desired ^ ; But ^ Lords gave this last coup has way sulkily, startled them out of their propriety. The will oF the „ r ^ u o Commons and the prerogative of the Orown,—which the " Commons will take , . T ... e „ eare t 0 keep a tight hold of—can effect anything. The purchase swindle will now be . ,T, , r i • i_ j a t "»Mnea. ^Looking a-bead we Bee some . other big reforms looming in the distance. The Hoase of Lords if it doe. not wish to sink to a nullity, will have to beoome an elective chamber. The - bishops will have to attend to their sees, at long -as they have them, and leave legislation alone. Their business is, if they regarded their Master's advice, with.'a..hoase not made with hands. Then that monster of iniquity, the Church Establishment will have to go. WhBt it may be now, w« know not, but some years back it was computed that the Church revenues were not less than six millions annually; snd by far the greater portion of these revenues is swallowed up by fat archbishop*, bishops, and incumbents, while the curates know the pinchings of poverty. Jn these days of toleration and liberty of thought is this state of things rjufit.? . When thB. church itself is. divided against-itself, when it liu.isnch. big off-ahootB, why shonldthe parent stock keep .all, and the branches have none ? Why, indeed, should the Church be allowed tb hold and dispose of these vast revenues t We all know the source from whence ihey cams. We hope to live . to see tbe disestablishment of the Church of England, as its existence .is a pernetuation -of wrong,' and an injustice to all other, jsections of religionists. K- the proceeds ^ were devoted to educatioua.1 ^purposes or .the maintenance of the poor they would be much better employed than in maintaining Bishops' palaces. When or how this will be brbught about is : difficult to predict, but it is very certain 'it will not be by the consent of the lords. But then there is tbe Royal prerogative ! " Henry's (VlfI) reign was one of the most, if fiot the most, memorable - Tor its actB in £ngUsh' history.' Besides^ite ecclesiastical reforms, and notwithstanding tbe increased power of thB Grown, Parliament gained * vast addition to its. importance, by Henry's constant appeals to sancuon his nets, and. by, the ose lie made of tbe Commons to overcome the resistance if the jb the first straggle, the feudatories used the Commons to limit the power of' monarohy, next the monarch osed the Commons to "overcome ^ F ^ S ^ S L J ^ M B ^the spectacle of the Oomnuns tuing tlie Croirn to " overcome tbe resistance of the Lords." How " old titoeB hare changed, old manners gone !" THE inhabitants of the colon; ic generd, and the world at large are indebted to the Argus for the good service it has rendered in jiving a spirited review of a book published bylT.fi., under the title of The Cruise of the Ijlying Squadron. ThB - first portion, whici we subjoin, is the Crown prosecutor's opening statement. What follows is a substantiation of the charges made out of tbe accused's own mouth. If ever a man deserved a scarifying, it is J.B., and J.B. has pot it. Here ia the roasting, premilimin&ry; to the basting:— An enthusiastic American spiritualist giva it as his opinion ibatthe faculty of autLfrship ii rrnrely a manifestation of spiiit in&aeoce.; Supposing 'or an ins'aat that the enthusiastic American is rigit, we ahoald like to compel him to reafl Tit* Cruise if the Flying Squadron, and name the spirit who i flpired ite author. The work is Eijriei. " J. B,.' and might therefore he dicuted by the sp'ri^. of Joe Btgstiock—hut JJe wa-s a gentleman, snd -o must put him out of court. The dedication to " Q te-n Emma" suggests .Mr Jeamna Tellowplufih—but Jeamee had lived too long in the society of upper Bfrvante to make tbe erosa grammatical ti-ir u> -vhish adorn the bock before BE. The rigid immorally which breathes sternly o'er its pages n.icbt be claimed by Lord Mshun or Bully Chart ?r:s;but then neither of those dialingtiiahed gentlemen boasted the tittering praiency of a French valet or tbe appetite for scandal which characterises a eour virgin of threescore. We confess that unless the ghost cf Beau Tibbs has taken refuge in a mid^hipmin's berth we are at a loss to c&me; the genius wli" with, the sssis'ance of Henry Cavendish," c -mpilfd the twaddle we are about to notice. Let 7 us observe, however, in jastific^'iao of our proceeding, that " books for review" are of three kinds. Firs ly, thoBC whose rxcell' nc- -demandi attention; eecondly, those whose mediocrtiy claims contempt ; and, thirdly, those wuxe exquisite ab^urdi'y pleadt trumpet—tongu^d tor ridicule. We are sincerely eorry for J.B." In bis own sphere of life he is doubtless a worthy creature, tolerably verged in Ihman, and an trn -.ment to the British navy ; but litera'ure is n't hie forte, neither is spelling, nor grammar. These are arts whi?h are beyond him, and which as a British sailor, he is not called upon to practice. Qui fis, ^sesenaa," ask Horace, " ut nemo, quam Bibi sorteic seu ratio dederic, sea ton objecerit, ilia contentus vivate ; laudet diversa?" " J. B '' might have lived to be ell admiral, and died happily unknown, if he had not plunged into bookmaking. But men cosr.ot live con'ent. The soldier envies the merchant the mer-hf nt «alior, the sailor —Heaven eave the mark )—the author, and thus it comes that the whirlieig of timt brings its revenues, and we had been forced to read The Cruise of the Flying Squadron. Job cxciaimed, " O, that mine enemy would write a book!" We venture to suggest that the spirit of Job's enemy wrote the Book sad the Spirit of Job, inspired tbe Argus review. A Mrs Joyce was brought up at the Kyneton Police Court yesterday, as a perenn of unsound mind. On the-evidence cf Mr Joyce, rand tbe production nf certificates from Drs. Rigiiy and festell, the justices—the Police Magistrate and Mr Weigall—committed the woman to the Yarra Bend. A local land board will set at the court-house, on Thursday, to investigate applications for land under the Land Act 1669, and for the consideration of other matters. Tbe Kyneton Rifle Corps Ball will tske place at the Mechanics' Institute, on Wednesday, September 20tb (to-morrow). The members of the corps are expected to attend ia uniform. Before the bail takes place there will be :i grand " assault of arms." Tenders, returnable on the 27th instant, are invited by the O immissiocer of fublic Works, for a rainwater rank, fencing, and other works at the new post office, Kynetos, (iridt advertisement.) Louiso Rehbein wis brought up yesterday at the Police Court charged -wit b having been drank and dit»>rderly in a public place. This being a second offence within two days, defendant was sent to gaol fur 34 bours. This same person was ais>> charged with being a common prostitute and iudeceutin her behaviour. This charge ivas defied, defendant stating that she was a married woman. At ber request, the case was remanded for the appearance of the defendant's husband. Wm. Stone was charged with having ridden furiously through a public place, at the Police Court, yesterday morning. He denied the charge, and said he could prove he had not ridden furiously. At bis request, the case was remanded till to-day, for the attendance of a witness. Another charge was also preferred against defendant—viz., using obscene language. The case being proved, he was fined 20s.; in default, three days' imprisonment. The Prince of Wales Gold Mining Company, L~auri8ton, cleared np Saturday last, yielding 33ozs. Ajcall, of Ss. 6d. per share, is made, io the Devonshire Q. 51. Co., Taradale. Payable on or before the 28th inst. The quarterly general meeting of tbe Devonshire Q. M. Co., will be held at the Commercial Hotel, Taradale, on the 27th inst., at 4 p.m. A call, of 6s. Gd. per share, bas been made payable in the North Star Quarts aud Alluvial G. M. Co., on the 20tb inst. The trip, of the Cerberus and Nelson has been postponed till Thursday week, Tbe Intercolonial Conference sat yesterday and discussed the PoBtai question. The meeting was conducted with closed doors. The Burra Batia. Oamp&ny; {Malmsbury) have traced, tie rich leader : (fonnd some few days KioeeJ .to a well-defined body of stone from 15 to 18 indies thick, showing gold freely throughout. It is some distance to the west of the old workings, and is considered the main reef: These men are breaking .ont stone, from which a trial crushing will immediately be-made. Tenders are called, returnable,^ jnoon on the 3rd October, for the ' conveyance of mails : To and from Kyneton and Heathcote, by way of Langley, Barfold, Bede$dale Post-office, tind llia-itia, six days a week; tbe mails will be despatched from Kynetonat 10 -p.®: To aud from Tylden and Spring Hill, three days a week. To and from Mount Blackwood and Barry's, Reef; twice a day. -. ,To and ,-from Kyneton and Lanriston," six days a' week." To and from Kyneton aud Pastoria, by way of Piper's Creek, three days a week. ; The Minister of Mines calls attention to tbe fact that notwithstanding the notice in tbe Gazette of the 17th August, persons seeking for permission to mine iwitbiu the limits of reserves, continue to forward applications unaccompanied with A plan or diagram. No attention will be paid to such applications unless the paid plans u are supplied. -" ' - • - '••'• ; ; By an inadvertence the EtpraentaUve has copied a long paragraph from our columns without acknowledgment.. We Jjqg that, when the editor of'that journal does as thelioior to quote from columns he will be good enough to acknowledge it, and we promise to do equal justiceononrBidfc; j j it (• ^ Several publicans' licences were: grantel at the Woodend Police Court, yesterday. One ease, in wMdi Mr Payn opposed the granting of a licence*-toMIB.lOntecbaical g roonds, was particularly 1 hard. The poor woman, after years of straggling badsaved enough to build a house and buy a piece of land. Her husband was a lunatic, and unable to afford her any. support. Tbe Jicenca »was opposed on the ground that ehe had no_ protection order, and also because, it was alleged, the one pnblichouse in the locality was quite sufficient. The case was adjourned. In another portion of this paper will be found an advertisement of the arrival of tbe brig Peter, from Hankow, with a cargo of very fine Congou for the Melbourne market. By reference to tbe map it will be seen that Hankow is from 700 tn 800 miles up tl:e Yang-tse- Kiaug Biver, and in the very centre of the black tea country.' We understand these teas were very difficult to obtain, as the Russian and English buyers were very eager for the possession of all fine teas of this years growth in the Ningehow, Cbeousowkye, Orpack, Oonam, aud the other tea districts of this locality, these teas being much preferred in those countries on account oi tbe possession of immense strength and flavor, as compared with the softer kinds from Foo-chow; indeed (we are informed, on good authority, that one pound of tbis tea is equal to two pounds of what is generally denomicated Kaisow Congou. Consumers should try this tor themselves.—[ADVT.] Mr Yeo, of Woodstoek, has sustained a serious loss by the death of his magnificent horse j TVesthom, which he purchased a short time , since for £~00. - At a meeting of the bank mauagera on Saturday (says the Baidvjo Evening News), it was determined, owing to the alteration of the rates of exchange with London, to lower the price of gold to £3 16s. for standard, and £Z 18s. for alluvial gold. A little after twelve o'clock yesterday the body of a man named Michael Guinane, was found in a dam near " Tbe Junction, in M'Craestreet, Sandhurst, where deceased must have been drowned on Saturday night last- Deceased who was a labouaer, working for Messrs Foley and Ward, contractors, left his home near M'Crae-street opposite to a brick yard there about half-past ten o'clock on Saturday night we learn, to go for some beer. He was quite sober at the time, but tbe night was very dark and the ground rough, with several old holes about. It is thought that he must have missed his away, and accidentally fell into the dam.— Sendigo Evening News. A Post-office notice states, in reference to the California mail vi& Sydney, tbat tb#sailing of the City of Adelaide trom Syduey is indefinitely postponed. Mails will therefore not be despatched as previously notified. The Supreme Court on Saturday gave judgements (says tbe Argus), in The Qiteeii v. Heron It was sought to quash an order of tbe warden at Taradale, made in the case of Durant v. Bryer and others. Brjer bad not been served with the summons, nor was there any order for substituting service, or dispensing with service. The Court therefore held that the warden had no power to make a decree against him in his absence, and qnashed the order. During tbe hearing of a case in tbe City Court yesterday in wbich a miner was charged with running sludge into the Spring Gully Beservoir and fined, tbe solicitor, Mr Brown, who appeared for the prosecutor, stated that Mr Wilkinson, the engineer in charge of the waterworks, had informed him that it would cost the Government 2s 6d or 3s to remove each load of silt in the reservoir. It was estimated that at least 3000 loads had already accumulated in the reservoir.— Evening News. It will be learnt with regret that the crops in the Moorabool distrc* and between Lethbridge and Bamgamis are falling off very much. The takeall, it is thought, has got among the oats and crops tbat a month ago promised to yield abundantly;—now not worth looking at, Mr Capron in the Moorabool district, had a splendid corn on the top of the hill a month or so ago but now, it is said it will hardly be worth cutting. On the other hand (says the | eheerfal. j Something like a deadlock is imminent at the ' Public Library. Parliament has decided that the shields of arms erected under the portico are to eome down; and not having any other means of carrying its will into effect, has takeu the Btrong measure of cutting off the supplies, No money is to be paid for repairs to the buildings, or salaries to the librarians, clerks, and messengers, until the obnoxious armorial bear- • ings are removed. But the trustees are recalcitrant. The threat of no salary has no terror to them, since the punishment will be borne vicariously by their subordinates, and the necessary alterations and additions to the buildings. can stand over until a future day. The arms are up, and down they shall not come, say tbe trustees. Wiser and more moderate counsels will probably prevail eventually, and it is not likely that the extreme step of elosing tbe institution wili ever be taken. But in the present temper of some of tbe ruling spirits amongst the trustees, it is impossible to forsee tbe lengths to which they may eventually go.— Age. 