Miscellaneous. A. oriokct club baa been established at Burrowa. Dipthcria is prevalent on the Richmond River. It ia stated that a newspaper is to bo established Bourke. A division of tho Sons of Temperance is to bo form at Druitt's Town. It ia stated that the worin direaso has made appearance among thc Hooks on'the Darling Downs. Mr. Charlton has been appointed council clork of t Borough of Lambton. "* A number of tho residonts of tho Manning aro taki their departure for tho Richmond River district. Scarlet fov.r has made ito appearance at Kiama, a is raging rather virulently. A public meeting on tho railway ratos is to bo he at Goulburn on "Wednesday next. A stage coach has been laid on between Kempsey ai Port Macquarie. Mr. Gale was to mako a grand balloon ascent, wi soveral passengers, at Adolaido, on Saturday week las Alo from tho Cascade Brewory, Hobart Town, h been imported into Newcastle. Tho search for tho body of MÍBS E. Burnoll h hitherto been fruitless. Penny readings aro to bo established at the Mechanii Instituto, Tamworth. Shearing commences on tho Pool River at vario' dates from the 1st instant to 20th curront. A carrying company has been formed for tho pu pose of expediting tao transit of goods betwci Grafton and Glon Inno J. Tho Monaro Turf Club proposes to apply, und Bindiar provisions to thoso contained in tho Mooro Pm Aot, for permission to resorvo so much of tho 3! acres set apart 33 recreation ground for a racecourse. Tho committee of the Grenfell Progress Associator, turned out last week and collected in about half n hour L38 out of 1.50, required for repairs in the street One of Mr. Milner Stephen's patented gold-crushin and' washing machines has been landed at tho BarosE gold-fields, South Australia. On Monday week L3090 were received at tho TJrat land sale, for land bought by some neighbouring squa tors, at 20s per acre, cash. A man, named Jonathan Smith, has been fined Lb by tho bench at Wentworth, for selling liquor to tl aborigines. An ngent has arrived at Sale, Gipps Land, to pros« outo further inquiries concerning tho claimant in th Tichborne caso. Ho ia engaged for tho defence. The Goulburn Division of the Sons of Teniperanc have presented a highly complimentary address t their medical officer, Dr. Perry. Tho corner-stone of a Wesleyan'Chnpel was Jnid o Tuesday week at Gullen, by Mr. William Davies, o Goulburn. Mr. S. Minchin Iras been appointed seorotary to th Wagga Wagga Sugar Manufactory. Two hundrei weight of seed of tho Plantors' Friend had been for warded by tho Rev. W. Holland. In consequence of tho high prico of stock, it i expected that the Goulburn Meat-Preserving Compan; will suspend operations until after shearing. The firs shipment had sold at 4Jd per lb. On Thursday evening a fire broke out on the premise of Mr. John O'Neill, George-street North, but it wm fortunately extinguished before any serious damag resulted. Tho man, named George Wallace, apprehended a Nowcastlo for personating a detective officer of th police force, has been convicted and sent to gaol for month. The Crown has abandoned the prosecution institute against Ur. Clifford, of Burrowa, and a ineetin ot his friends was held last week at the Royal Hotel in that township, to congratulate him upon tho result The analysis of a sampln of beetroot grown by Mr. S Staughton, and submitted by him to Mr. W. Johnson of St. Kilda, shows an average yield of ll ¿lb of pun sugar to tho hundredweight, or 2301b to tho ton. News from the -Lower Clarence is to tho effect thai tho Colonial Sugar Refining Company would commence operations on Tuesday last. They had six partin cutting cane, and would require from 150 to 20( pounds' weight. A new schooner, the Lizzie Guy, of about 120 tons register, was launched at Bateman's Bay on Thursday week. She is the property of Mr. F. Guy, of Nelligen, and is intended to trade between Sydney and his saw mill at Bateman's Bay. A portrait in oils of Father Mathew, tho apostle ol temperance, ond understood to have been painted bj tho brother of that popular ecclesiastic, is now on view at Mr. G. Hurley's, George-street. It would form i very appropriate ornament to somo of tho temperance hnlls of tho city. The Melhourno Ago states that a sister of Lieutenant Wnghorn, tho pioneer of tho Toninsular and Oriental rorrto, resides at Emerald Hill in indigent circum stances, and suggests that thoso persons who havo been so much benefited by the exertions of Waghorn should assist his surviving rolntivc. Tho members of Parliament for thc Castlemaine province and district havo presented a silver cup to thc Castlemaino volunteer corps, to lie competed for at tho butts (says thc M. A.* Mail). The cup must be won thrco times before becoming tho property of any com petitor. Tho Kiama farmers are crying out again for rain, aa tho land ÍB too dry and hard for ploughing, Verro tation is lying dormant, and is becomincr stunted in ninny places. A few good showers would causo a luxu riant growth of herbage, and cheer tho hearts of agri culturists. So far nt tho Goulburn Herald has heard, tho first snipe of tho smiKon havo falb n to tho puns of Master Harry Hom, of Goulburn, and Mr. W. H. PoideviD, of Collector. The former shot a brace in the immediate neighbourhood of tho town on Saturday ; thc latter shot ono near Collector tho famo day. Tho following graphic sketch comes from tho Vic torian Polico Gazette, which announces that ' ono Samuel G tiffi lits is wanted for wifo desertion. Tho individual is said to bo well-known an Black Sam, has jot black hair, dark blue sunken eyes, a slight impedi ment in his speech, swinging gait, " and swears a great deal." Mr. W. J. Henwood, F.R.S., tho president of the Royal Institution of Cornwall, has promised to forward to Mr. Brough Smyth, tho secretary for mines of Vic toria, a collection of rocks and minerals illustrating the ocourrenco of gold in tho Brazils. Mr. Hemvood's grout work on vein-mining, just published, has beon well received by tho Press at home. Tho Rev. D. E. Jones, incumbent of Albury, bas placed his resignation of that cure in tho hnnds of the Bishop, to take effect after tho end of tho present year. The cause of tho reverend gentleman's taking this step is certain matters of disagreement between himself and some influential members of bis con gregation, The Victorian Medical Gazette understands that the notion brought by Dr. Mooie against Dr, Motherwell, ono of tho uiomhera of tito University of Melbourno, for slanrler, damages Ll OOO, in connection with sonic recent University proceedings, will he tried at tho next sittings of tho Supreme Court, sometime in this month. Tho Rev, Mr. Robinson, luto of Tenterfield, nnd who has, unhappily, kndjj ni".uy unpleasant difficulties to confond with, is now ministering to the people of tho English Church ac Walcha. An influential gentleman of that placo state-.! that tho reverend gentleman is much estoemod and beloved by tho members of tho Church there An inquest waa holden at Waratah, on Wednesday, on the body of George Robert Harris, a chili about, four-amW-half years of aye, who died from injuries resulting from a fail, on Monday. It appeared that ho was playing with his sister in the absence of his mother, when ho full backwards and hurt his head. Compres sion on the brain ronulted, and the jury returned a verdict according to tho evidence. Tho whole external work of the Roman Catholic Cathedral, Armid do, except that of thc coloured lights and ornamentation, U now completed, and presents a very handsome appearance. Tho chancel, choir, and sacristy,forming tho eastern portion of the edifice, tho roof of which in tho coutro part forms a semi- hexagon, flanked with wings with gable ends, completes and adds fino architectural effect to the structure. Tho beetroot sugar manufactory scheme at Warrnam bool has boen abandoned. Tho following resolution, pasned at a meeting hold on Thursday, gives, tho alloged reason :-" That on account of the duty im posed by tito present Ministry on machinery imported for manufacturing sugar from beet, tho project for establishing a beet sugar company be abandoned for the present. " Mr. G. TL Hunt's lecture on tho " Groat Pyramid of Egypt," delivered in connection with the Improvement Society nt Gerringong, was very interesting. The sub ject waa illustrated with diagrams aud a inoduL of the pyramid. The attendance was very fair. A vote of thanks to the lectutcr, and a similar compliment to tho maker of the model, Mr. D. M'Lean, brought tho meeting to a close. Some quartz very thickly impregnated with gold has been obtained from No. 1 claim Golden Crown, Drake diggings. lb is said that between 200 and 300 lbs weight of átono, when crushed, gave tho extraordinary yield of 200 ozs of gold. It is also stated that at Holtingdalc's Prospecting Claim, on Perseverance, they had obtained bettor »tone than hasyet been procured, and tho claim bids fair to bo veiy rich ; tho shares in which roso £50 on Friday week. Tho first meeting of tho Grafton Day Star Band of Hope and Abstainers' Union was held in tho Giafton School of Arts, on Friday week, when about fifty children wore present. Mr. R. Wakely, president of tho society, presided over tho meeting, which was opened with singing and prayer. Addresses were delivered by tho president, Mr. E. Hockey, und the Rev. W. .E. Bourne. On Tuesday last a picnic waa given by tho Catholic laity in honour of the Very Rev. Vicar-General Lynch, prior to his departure for Tenterfield. Numerous invi tations wero issued to persons of all denominations, nearly all of which were accepted. At 12 o'clock about 200 pleasure-seekers were on the ground, at a sheltered spot on the slope of tho centro Bald Knob, overlooking tho Gostwyck Plains, and the proceedings passed off most harmoniously. It appears from a communication received at Adelaide from India, that tho Hon. Mr. Fitzjames Stephens, tho Lcgialative niembor of the Vice-regal Council, is about to introduce a bill declaring that all men arriving from Australia as grooms in horse-shipa, aro to bo considered as vagrants, and as such tho employer bringing them out. Thc employer bringing them out is to bo ni ail o liable for their passago back. This scorns to be the only way of getting- rid of what really ia now in Injin a very serious difficulty. At a meeting of the Hunter River Agricultural Association, held on Monday, Mr. W. M. Newton sub mitted for tho inspection of the meeting a sample of juice of tho Planters' Friend, more thoroughly boiled than nny that had been previously exhibited. The sample was literally full of lino granulated buimr, and it would evidently give off but a small per oentage of treaolo when passed through the centrifugal. Tho inliabitauta of Victoria will soon bo in a position to get rid of all defaced and worn silver coinage. A communication has been received from tho British Government to tba effect that, if thoy are content to pay the cost of shipment of new silver coinage to Victoria, including insurnnco nnd all charges ou tho same, tho Mint officers in Melbourne will be empowered to accept battered coin at ita nominal value, and \o pay over for it pieces of tho new silver coinage. Tho Pleasant Creek News relates n tale about a Chinaman resident of that district. John was engaged to bo married to a young Indy from Gerninny, but, on the couplo presenting themselves to a clorgynian, he refused to tit.- the nuptial knot because tho Chinaman was nob a Christian. John baa now to wait the requisito three days for the local registrar to forgo tho matrimonial chaina. The Newa pays that tho anxiety of tho bridegroom to get speedily married arises from thc fact Mint ho paid a good rouud sum of money to tho girl's parents fur tho privilege of becoming their son-in-law. An admirably executed selection of pencil drawings, submitted to view ¡it lh<> recent inauguration of the New South Waka AtRoointion for the Promotion of Architecture and Art, have ber-n fur inspection during thc week at Mr. Chuko'*, Hunter-street. They are j thu production of bia brother. Mr. A. A. Clarke, a native of Taunton, but presently a resident of Wells, j The subjects are Gable of Crcwlhorno Monastery, j Somersetshire; Chantry Chapel, Kilvo, Somersetshire ; East Front of Lutes Carey, and other famous manorial houses in tho same county ; and Elm Study, &c;, &c.; As works of art, they should command tho inspection of connoisseurs. Another of tho remnant of the Illawarra tribo of bin oka went to bia long home, anya tho Mercury, last ¡Sunday. It nppears that Jemmy, who was veiy old and infirm, was also blind for sonio time previous to bis death. After the police buried Betsy on the Dei kely Estate, some timo ugo, the other black«, it acema, took a superstitious alaim to the clfecb that "Betsy's Ghost" was walking about, and consequently thoy decamped from these parts, leaving poor old Jemmy behind then», to contend with lifo and death as best he could, Since tlu;n Jemmy was cared for most kindly by Fouie of tho families residing on the Borkely Estate. The Southern Argus, a South Australian provincial paper, has had an opportunity of seeing at Milang a small craft about the size of an ordinary dingy, belonging to a person named Paul Smith, who had brought his wife and family down in it from Wilcannia, a distance of somewhere about 2000 miles. It is furnished with an awning, and has a paddle-wheel on each quarter near the stern. It is worked with a crank and a rod projecting to near the bows of the boat, and to this a handle is fixed, which, being moved by the navigator at an easy stroke, sends the little craft along at a very fair rate. The steering is managed hy means of two treadles, to which the rudder lines are attached, and which are worked by the feet. Altogether, it is ingeniously, contrivated and well calculated for the down trip, but going up would be a different matter. A despatch from the Earl of Kimberley states thnt tho Secretary of Stato for Foreign Affairs hus under his consideration ine.tRires for the enlargement of the powers of her Majesty's Consul at the Fijis, so as to enable him to deal with offences itv thoso islands. It is understood that tho Government will shortly throw opon the Clarence and the Hunter river?, as well as Parramatta anti George's rivera, for the cullivatinn of oysters. These places have been closed during the last, three years to enable tho almost exhauatcd oyster b"fls to recover. The right ts cultivate oysters or d to dredgo for thom in these livers is to bo sold by auction, thc area of each section or farm being 100 acres. It Iv expected that tho oyster grounds in tho Clarence and Parramatta rivers-ten years' lenses of which are to bo sold-will bo advertised in tho course of a few dayo, and the auction will take place some timo before the middle of next month, when the three years' reattic tion on oyster fishery iu tho rivers named will expire. On Monday afternoon tho City Coroner hold an inquest, in Parramatta-street, on the body of_ Alex ander Wright, who committed suicide by cutting his throat at his residence, 831, Georgo-street South. Decaased was aged forty-nine years, and was a native of Dublin (Ireland). Ho was a bootmaker by trade, and was thirty years in the colony ; ho bad been married twevty-threo years, and has left six children. The ovidenoe wont to show that somo years ago deceased received a severe injury to bis head by a fall, and for the Inst three weeks complained of headache ; and for tho last two or three nights slept by himsolf. About ll o'clock on Sunday night he went to lied per fectly rational and sober ; in tho morning, about 7 o'clock, his servant, a woman of tho name of Sullivan, discovered him in tho kitchen with his throat cut, and tho razor clenched in his right hand. Ho was dead. The jury, without retiring, returned a verdict of suicide whilst labouring under temporary insanity. Another inquest was holden tho santo day at tho Glad stone Motel, Miller's Point, upon tho body of a child named Harriot Edwards, aged ton weeks, a Dative of Ramornie, Clarence Uiver, who was sufibested by hoing overlain on Saturday. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death." At thc Court of Quarter Sessions, Forbes, last week, tho following sentences wero passed by Judge Joseph son :-John Thomas and William Jieed, found guilty of-robbery under arms, on three charges-Seven years' hard labour on public roads or works for each of first two offences, and five years' hard labour for tho Inst ; all the sentences concurrent. Joseph Goodluck, who bail pleaded guilty to larceny-twelve mon thu' hard labour in Bathurst gaol. James Kiley and George Taylor, found guilty of cattle-stealing- five years'hard labour on roads or public woiks. Janies Williams, who had pleaded guilty to forgery-two years' hard labour ia Bathurst gaol. James Murphy, found guilty of larceny- eighteen months' hard labour in Bathurst gaol. James Clune, found guilty of receiving stolen horses-two years' hard labour in Bathurst gaol. At tho Narrabri Quarter Sessions hold Inst week, on the jurors being called over, it was found that out of forty who had been summoned, seventeen did not answer. His Honor, Judgo Meymotb, said it certainly did ¡not seem, from the large number of jurors who were absent, that the district sot'uiuch value on the establishment of a Court of Quarter Sessions at Narrabri.-Alfred Merritt, aged seventeen, was sen tenced to six months' imprisonment in Narrabri gaol, for stealing a horse, tho property of William Pony. Robert Rogers, convicted of a like offence, was sen tenced to twelvo months' imprisonment in Tamworth gaol.-Edward Smedley churged with attempting to commit suicido ; and Charles Combo, an aboriginal, charged with stealing from a store, were both acquitted.-Horny William Howell, of Terriaro, and John William George Cox, of Billyeena, were, during tho sitting of the Court, sworn in as magistrates of the Colony. The coal discovered at Rocky Month, Clarence River, is exciting considerable attention. According to the Examiner, the conl was first discovered cropping out in a gully about a milo and a half eastward from Mr. Alexander Cameron's store at Rocky Mouth, on the Lower Clarence. A prospecting drive had been put in by Mr. Robert Laird, some thirty or forty feet. Tho quality improved steadily after the first few feet bad been driven, and continues to improve as tho prospec tors get further beyond tho influenco of tho atmosphere. The seam is about two feet thick, and continues to inorèase. The coal, although freshly taken out, burns freely in an open grate, and yields a strong heat and a large proportion of gas, and promises fairly, when a sufficient depth shall havo been obtained, to turn out a first-class article. The seam dips westward, towards tho river, and underlies on .a very hard whitish clay, supposed to bo fire-clay. From tho fact that another outcrop hos been discovered at a considerably higher elevation, and nearer to the river than tho first, tho presumption is that at least one, and probably more seams exist betweon the first point of discovery and tho deepwater frontage and that, as tho seams aro dipping towards the river bed, they can, if found to exist in remunerativo quantities and of good quality, be worked with great facility and economy from the immediate vicinity of the deep water. Tho Southern Standard (Bega) reports that two men, named Hodderand Wrogan, working in the road party, went to Plumb's house, Eden, a few days ago, and there met with another man -Andrew Brown-and sat clown to a game of cards, Plumb supplying them with a jug of beer. After tho gamo wa« over. Hodder pro posed they should have another jug of beer, and on I'lumb refusing, ho threatened to inform nguin&t;'hirn, whereupon ho was seized by all three., thrown ona sofa, and violently beaten ; ho managed to escape, and went home to his hut, about a milo distant. Tho other three men. it appears, after some timo followed, dragged lum out of bed, and committed a murderous assault, in which be received four stabs in the body and a gash from a tomahawk in tho forehead ; they then pummelled his face with tho tomabnwk-hend and bolted, hiding them selves in the fem. Hodder, with grout difficulty, made his way to Willa's, at the police barracks, who, with another constable, went in pursuit, but; could not find them in the fern ; they proceeded to Plumb's house, and found tho men-Wrogan and Brown-in bcd, who, after a desperate resistance, and usin.sr horriblo lan guage, wero secured. Wills then took Plumb hom his bed in the inner room, who, likewise, made a desperate struggle. He conveyed them to tho lock-hp. Mrs. Willa attended to Hodder, staunching tho bleed ing wounds, closing them in absenco of medi cal attendance, and attended to him with tho greatest care. Dr. Shiels was telegraphed for, and attended the wounded man. Plumb, Wrogan, and Brown wero brought up liefere Messrs. Keon, P.M., Solomon, J.r., and Superintendent Orridge, v^ho was at Eden at tho time, when they wero committed to Darlinghurst to take their trial at tho next Criminal Sessions, to bo holden on November 6th. Ono of tho prisouers, Wrogan, after being duly cautioned, made a statement confessing the transaction, nud Brown immediately said that Wrcrjan himt>elf was the man who had stabbed Hodder, Heckler died in great agony 6 few days afterward?, 