SANiDHURST AS I .BA's; I*-. It is now, in the days f t deeds and " Ministries of Action," pomne; ung time since I promleedyou.an accouon b4 my visit to resuscitated. Bendigo, and I at kIlagth send it to you merely to fulfilmy pledge and not with the expectation of it proving in the least enter. taling. In the outset I must ask you to bear in mind that all I am about to narrate is perfectly true, with no colouring beyond what is, so to oay, necessary in descrip tion, but I shall give you no extravagant exaggeration. There was published in the Argue about five or six weeks back an erratio and fabulated narrative of a flying trip to the golden city, but although the writer mnctioned with accuracy everything in which he was personally conspicuous, he did not neglect telling conal derably more than he observed in one day, and helped himself liberally with his active imagination; but as he doubtless had to prove himself equal to three columns he accordingly did so. It is nnaecessary that I should begin by stating that I journeyed by train, but I do so in order to make a comprehensive opening (I) The plnt form was crowded, although the hour of departure was 6.45., and the morning being Saturday, and their tickets very cheap, many members of Parliament were en route, but I have no doubt their main object was to obtain exact and personal information upon mining matters, |ts enable themselves to deal with the new mining bill, anod speak from "pratical experience sir." However, the party of which I wen is member (four of us) containedtwo legislators, the third being an "emi nent equity barrister," but not the Solcitor.General.. Upon entering the carriage we discovered the worthy. member for-Sandhunt looking as red as the place he represents. The first thing to doupon entering a rail-. way carriage isto secure a. comer- or window seat, and then contemplate plans for a game of cards-this is. ,the only proper and. ortho.dox method of travelling by rail on the Sandhurst line. Having finished the morn. ing papers, and read Duffy's last good speech and the very valuable comments on it from the "slave of capi tal," as Mr. Higinbotham calls the literary artisan of the present day, the Argue is put aside, and we begin "Forty.fives." It is needlessto say how manyshilling were lost and won, whether the. bon. members were good shufilers or played their cards well; our oc. cupation was not gone till we reached the great focus. The number in our compartment was increased to crush ing pitch by the time our journey ended; each station contributing its share (mining expression), and the batches being considerably larger- at the stationsneearer to our terminus. At Castlemaine a number entered the carriage who had been compelled to go down. the pre vious evening for beds, and were on their return to.the scene of action. Our arrival at Sandhurst did not create the excitement that might have been calculated upon, nor did even our appearance in "the Malt" I might even go so far as to say that we met folks of dis tinction there in such quantity as readily reduced our astonishment at the calm reception-we had received. After leaving my week's supply of clean linen and paper collars at the Shamrock, which, as a friend in the house, I was allowcdt to.do par comjplaisance, I went forth into the multitude: If you.have over been inthe famed city. you.will know the place styled Ball fall well, there, in and about Jerry Hefferman s Victoria, twas gathered together a crowd of about. 3,000. I must tell you there are two Heffernans, both hotelkeep. era, on Sandhumt, and as folks speak freely and familiarly :on the diggings, , these tiko-".Jerry'" and "Billy" I 're distinaiiuisted:with.dueo em;la?, ai·d' I can-aifely say both aren getting the-beat yields of all the claims. i Wtoel'l t d Je'rry ' "Victoria' th'i erwd was 'iimmense, nothiig' being dbne or considered but shares anod drinks... My.party.soOn.determined that Sandhurst was not a fit place for sane men to remain. in, and therefore resolved to return by the night train. I, not having fear for.my ??cntal equilibrium, decided to have " a week of it ;" therefore itlbecame my first consider ation, as mlvised hymen of experience, to seek whereon to lay my head. Immediaotysartely off in a direction (no particular one !) and met so many tMelbourne: men 'on. similnarpursuit that I doggedly, gave myself up to chance, and inwardly exclaimed " Bed, or no bed ! wel come fate.';, Everyb?ly was asked or was asking about 'a-bed: Nobody could give assistance or offer a sig. gestion beyond "I'd advise you look sharp about itl" It was no use I looked razors and needles at every one, but it was neredle I no bed, no sofa, no 'roof. Every square inch of house accommodation was taken up (mining expression); nothing was to be got but door' steps and verandahs, which had at least the advantage of giving good ventiatn. I abandoned myself to luck, and did well if not wisely. Upon my return to the "Shamrock" I met a friend, who excaisimed "Hillo, Jingol (my name, by the way) going down.to-night I" "Nol" "Then you can have my room till I come back; there's another fellow has a shake-down in it, but you know him, so i1 doesn't matter I" The rce d(dcilif was settled; I had been successful so far upon the goldfields; my luck was in, and I might abandon myself entirely and without restraint to the sole consideration of "scrip-" My head was clear, and I might proceed and prosper I It is quite unnecessary to say that the hnsiness of life, the object of existence, the one reflection, the isolated idea, be, was scrip. All eonversation-at least all I heard-was the scrippiest of scrippy. It became evident to me without much observation that there were about 20,000 people on Sandhurst who could not possibly:succeed in the accomplishment of their hopes- 1 viz., to make a fortune-by a rapid process of ratioci. nation I readily satisfied myself that I was one of the f 20,000 so doomed, and consequently, like a true i philosopher, I offered myself compensation. for my journey in the thought of all the pleasure and advan. tages to be derived from being an immediate observer r of 10,000 men temporarily insane; everybodyappeared to be without the sligheat doubt of amassing large saums. You will perceive that I did not delay in coming to the I conclusion that Bendigo's resurrection was not lazarus a coming back to life in genuine flesh and blood, but the e compunctious visit of a ghost, and I therefore put no t faith in the seeming realtty of the miracle I witnessed. It would be but a slight exnggeration to say that every. I body was in Sandhurst at the time, the mining mania being then at its highest point; every class of society b was fully and fairly represented; allU the rogues, I sharpers, and ruffians of Melbourne were there congre. C gated; crowds of swindling Jews and Christian black- f guards found the spot congenial; such another motley u mob could not easily be procured ; from Ministers of t the Crown down to " under and over" men (now become A sharebrokers), we had every range of colonial society. We might comfortably have arranged for a Parlia-. mentary sitting. I counted just 21 M.P.'s and the Chairman of Committees-exactly a quorum. I sag. o geated the matter to Mr. Davies, but the Minister of Mines could not attend. After a short superficial osur. rvey I met a friend in the person of an e-x.Minister and 01 former representative of Mandnrang, with whom I n oltrolled about til we met a harbor'sa shop. We eteroed for a shave, and I found as much scrip talk and mining ti lunacy there as existed elsewhere. Tie barber in. comurse of conversation informed us that he had let his chairs at Is. an hour each (four) from 3 am. till 6(c o'clock; nobody was ao rash or untutored as to think of t retiring befor le th first-named hour. After a slight tl interchange of opinions thIe loquncious latherer took me eomllotely into his confidence, and evinced a degree of h interest and concern for me that almosL sutcued my b dif~denct in hunomn nature. Indeed, nothing was more prominent everywhere than the extensive sclf-denialand d diaiontere?tnednev of all foliks Nearly eveory man one (1 met had a quantity of "splendid things" for the beneit tl of his cqueitaneres -sharcs in ths Cot.olidated I poverty tlef, tlie Extendled Bstlers, or the Metrepo. h litan Softheads; the latter were offered to me and my lelbournas friends in astonishing profusion. Well, the V barber, sI msaid, became warmly confidential with r,, although not so with my companion; his preferenoe for me wan marked, and before had cleaned my chin be generously promised to "lay me on to a 'good thing.'" Of course, I was to preserve inviolable secrecy. After much display of caution for our joint welfare, lest the market might be rushed for the particular stock he was about to introduce to me, a dirty clgar.box was pro. duecd containing many papers, a few notes sterling, some small coins of the realm, and abundance of scrip I Unfolding some stiff issue of the "good thing," I per ceived in legible characters the name of the company through buying into which I was to make an instanta neous fortune-The Long-tail Blue Company (Limited). l "Euphonious, characteristic, and unimpeachable l" I exclaimed. You have 14,0001 why don't you sell out and go home I" To my inquiry he calmly remarked, "Well, I do intehd to see Hold Hingland afore the year's gone." (I wonder, by the way, if he has yet I shipped himself.) "Now, if ypeo want a dead cere tainty," continued my barber friend, "I shall let you have the bodd 4;000-10 is enough for me-and say.no more about it " Nothing could possibly have been more magnanimous-4,000 Long.tail Blues at 10s. per share would be only £100, and they were not to be had elsewhere at any price (though in good demand); "why, I mcould make," as the barber said, "£50 right off the reel I" At this juncture of the imposing temp r tation my eompanion had been- shased and wa rather e impatient to get away, so I hastily observed, "Ah I. well, yes I'll see about it I" This reply being signif cant and satisfactory, I withdrew, pondering on the nselfishnes of mankind and the simplcity:of human e nature generally. I. need not say I resolved'to let my .cbeardgrow during the remaindader q my My on Ben.. digo.: No more barbers fme l'Thin literal deeerip tion, which is much curtailed, but almost a verbatim report of what transpired; will serve asn fairly illustrat. ing the method of disposing'of the "good things" to be . procured oncBendigo. I told my friend of the barber's recklese generosity, and we enjoyed 'our laugh' together, though I need not say our admiration in the matter was. concentrated upon the felicity of nomenclAture by l which, the promoters of the Long-tail' Blue Company . (registered) had distinguished their choice of names. y Leaving the Mall, my friend took me to the Post. office and the Warden's. It would be wreek'h work to count the number of applhcations for leases to mine that graced the walls of the former;. upon a moderate calcke lation the papers must have.asked for eovry spare inch of ground within a radius of. 20 miles. The "great idea" being of course to start a company, sell shares, and let the purehasers look for the gold,.it mattered little where the "claim" might be, except, if possible, a it would be well to obtain it near some ground that had proved auriferouar and then of course the shares would more readily sell. We could not- get within ypnlsef the Warden's office, such was the crowd about it, and therefore took ourselves in the westward dirc-, a tion of the street, in order to witness the hundreds of. e vehicles (repreentiong every mode of conveyance yet in. vented) that were hurrying into the town, every one full of lpassengers. The day was very hot, and the red a dut tsuffocating, and I'could not be much astonished to observe every hotel crowded. The Sandhurst dust, I may remark, has an indefatigable and vicious talent for working its way into every nook and crevice about one's harness and person-cars, eyes, nostrils, and mouth' ar Speedily.filled with it, and as for the clothee, no matter I what may have been their original colour, they-soon become impregnated with the light-brown hhe of thb Bendigo clay;. it works itself down "even Wellibgton rboot Everything was animation and" excitement. People I were coming in' from Esglehawk, Long Gully, Kangaroo SFlat, and other euphonious localities in hundreds; L many had gone out visiting the mines in- the morning, and were returning with the latest information and knowledge of the "fine specimens," "splendid show ing," and "capital prospects" of the South Extended Booby on the Bunkum-lead; and no doubt ea great deal was learnt concerning the Long.tailf Blues-although I was rash enough to think the metropolitan visitore to my barber, if persuaded by his soapy manner,.would find I themselves done brown and go home with sad tales looking 0ecry blue. Upon our return to the Shamrock I found one of my Melbourne party in a feverish state of anxiety, having been waiting.for me upwards of 10 minutes. Ilhad almost forgotten, when he reminded me that he had arranged whilst coming up to " make a a call" (mining expression !) upon a certain widow, who rejoiced in the possessiou of a large interest in some of the first-cl:as mines in the district, and which interest was reputed in market value toexceed £100,000. Being t the father of a large family of small children and not a widower, I had not attached the importance I other. wise should hare done to this contemplated visit. How ever, my bachelor friend having a hundred thousand reasons besides old acquaintance for attending to our courteous resolutions, had chartered the best-looking hansom in Sandhurst, although the residence of the charming widow was little more than 100 yards from the cab stand, and we took our seats to get there in style. Her dwelling was a snug but unpretentious little cottage on the top of a hill, with a flower garden to match (from which, by the way, my friend plucked large bunches of " forget-me- note," "heart's-ease," and " pansies," and very significantly threw aside the "bachelor's buttons". which previously decorated his coat). Having partaken moderately of the widow's wine-by way of making a favourable impression of our steadiness-and having accepted an invite to tea for the following day (Sunday) we took our departure; when seated again in our hansom I could not help giving my companion the fast verse of, "O'Doherty's Confession"' (by poor Magin)- " I often told you how I loved her, In.manhood's early glow; I never told you wOhy I loved her This you now shall know I 'Tis true her stature, shape, and face Were all three queer-but, roundsl \- The "handsome feature" in her case Was " fifty thousand poundal" The remainder of the afternoon was occupied till 0 o'clock, the dinner hour, in moving amongst the thou. sands who had gathered in from the surrounding dis tricts. I particularly noticed that every second repre sentative of the male sex, whether boy, youth, man, or patriarch, every second one was a broker of mining scrip. All around me were nervously eager to dispose of "real good things, nowl" and the amount of assu-. ranee, of self- confidence, and presumption-in a word, "colonial cheek"-to be encountered was positively overwhelming. The large dining room of the Shamrock was closely packed during dinner, and it was next to impossiblo for timid people to procure anything at all in the way of food. The provision was good, and apparently abun dant, and yet only the rough, bouncing, bellowing characters appeared to be in the confidence of the party and able to satisfy interior demands. When the dining was finished all the tables were "cleared offi" and nothing left in the room save the pillars and the bar. Towards 8 o'clock the gathering of the clans commenced. I cannot with any approach to satisfaction describe the appearance of the room during its occupancy by the motley mob. At 10 o'clock there most have beem in the large room and the outer bar upwards of 1,500 people: the uproar and conf.:sion, thebdull din of Babel-sounds, the unhealthy human heat, aided by the sickening warmth of the burning gas, and the weather being oppressively hot, can be compared to nothing in the history of stifling crowds except the "Black hole of Calcutta." By strong resolution and much physical fortitude I endured existence in the scene for nearly 30 minutes, and I can safely say I never before, and I trust may never again, pass such another half-hour. Although everybody was speaking aloud, I could not, unless directly addressed, properly distinguish four wordo together, the lperpetual drawing of corks and ocea lional bursting of boda-water bottles serving as a species of punctuation to the ceaseless course of tangled talk. Tihe predominating sound., being the names of different companies and leads-- uand when you bear in mind that there were at the time upwards of 00 whose scrip was negotiable, you may strive for yorsoelf to form a notion oi the terrible discord proeuced by their constant repo. tition-it would hare been an easy to follow the remarks upon any particular mining company as to trace out a' special thread in a spider's web. Tlhi state of affair continued at full presure till about 1 o'clock, and" towards 2 a.m. the umas w asomcwhlat diminished, but the multitude had not dbisperscd till 5 o'clock in the morning. I retired an hour before that time, after having unsuccecfully attempted the bed four times between 1 o'clock and tihe hour of my finoal withdrawal. Thus I spent my freat (and a goal aare of my cecondl) day on rearisen Ulndigo. I slept coundly and calmly (notwithstanding the awful anoring of thle man whoh hl the "ohake.down" no the floor, and as all folks dream I dreamt--" 'tnwas bt a drecam"u-that I had roalised a huge fortuno on the " Long.tail Blues," and'wau on my way to " IIold Ilinglandut" as IIagent.aeneral vice Mr. Verdon, resigned. 