SPORTING NOTES, BY 44 AUGUR." 44 Flemiogton in the morning" is not- so popular with the touting fraternity just now as in the Spring, when the Melbourne Cup candidates are so anxioasly watched, but thinking a pilgrimage to the course might enable me to pick up a wrinkle or two, I journeyed thither on Monday morning, and bad a peep at the nags en gaged in the Laun- ceston Champion and Tamar Handicap. Florence, looking big and healthy, cantered slowly round right handed, and though the owners of Tim and Croydon pooh-pooh. the idea of this filly having, the ghost of a chance against their cracks, I am still of opinion that she will make the pace a very merry one, and unlesB something cuts her down in the first mile and a -half, the chances, I think, are that we shall hear of another Fishhook and Fireworks surprise. Detective, too, went slowly on the outside gallop; he is looking remarkably well, as also is the "nugget" Croydon, who ap peared to move with greater freedom than ever, thanks to the improving effect of a blister on his affected part. Mr. Winch iB very sanguine about landing the double event, the Champion and Tamar Handicap, but neither race, I imagine, will be an easy task for the son of Lord of the Hills. Joe Morrison's string did but little exercise, Staf ford, I think, being the only one that cantered. The Friar was on the ground, but though he is full brother in blood to the renowned Charon, he bears no resemblance whatever to him, though he is a nicely shaped little colt, and considering that; he is not long convalescent, he appears to be pretty forward. Morrison had the beautiful Nigbtlight filly on the course, leading her about, and she behaved very fairly, seeing that it was her first appearance. Mr. Wineh's Baron, whose condition is an) thing but first-clai'S, had a earner, and some of H-trd mg's lot, and the chestnut mare Norma galloped on the tan. Mr. S. Cox's Wood bine, a two-jear-old of wonderful growth, but ex ceedingly wtll put together, had a canter, and for a beginner, sliaprd reuinkanly wed. Mr, Fi 'gate's Bacchus bad a go on the tan, and Mr. Lang's .par, Fiying Duichtuau and Lily, both of whom ire evidently meant for Tasmania, as they rail iight handed, had a pretty fair spin together, the. mare showing great improvement up-n her pre vious form. Tim Wh'fljler was not down, bu$ on the mad tiome I lipriedhe old favouritp ing himself on Joe Carter's green! plot in front of , the boxes, and youug Siebbing watching him from bis room. , r. , ' : It is. with pleasure. I am able te< announce Mr. W Uliam F dgate haa; made arraqgeugtits toq hayo the lyisiqg of- ,Bearaqns. two- yearplfi fillies I&l; fort and Wiidbriar. The. former by the importi.d qlflhe cglbrated mare of Ijljumipjiiitton Fwe works, .«L|mphghter, '.jsaf. this, a foal, at«4 Jt. i'wil greasy.,. Wikibfiar out .jof . one. .of Mr.> ' Pearson's ihafe®? Ky«ipirfi4|th« briar, ;atehuf/;!.|Ir':Migate ivbretty stropge% : sqajson,' nd. k bepetq ,|ge jnl.jfhe irai m wew llr. _o» a straight cmirse of threp- quarters of a mile, and I hear that the first six furlongs" of the Austridiau'Cup will be run in the same manner as the first half-mile for the Melbourne Cup; the 8fcarfc takingipl&ce; ra the training-ground. This is a stepin the' right, direction, and Mr. Bagot deserves the 'thanks of Hhe owners of two-year-olds for introducing so1 desirable as improvement. By-tbe- ; By, breeders and ''owners of young , stock are in quiring ' whether there is to be a tWo-year-old race in the programme of the V E.O. for the year 1872." There seems to be a genera! desire that the Essendon Stakes should again be included in the programme, and I -hope the V.R.C. will see their way to meet the viewsof owners and breeders ; by introducing the two-year-old race into the pro gramme of 1872. ; . r Mr. James' Wilson has- disposed of his horse Rambler to Mr; Bowes,' of Ballarat, who intends. him for the jumping business, and as the -owner of Rteindeer is quite au fait at the business, we may see the son of old Frank showing to advantage uext year over tbe sticks. Mr. Thomas Lyttelton, the well known amateur animal painter, has just finished i very excellent painting of Mr.; Be < Mestres's Tim Whiffler and TrumpCard. The portraitof the latter is exceedingly life-ltkeand one of the very best I have seen ; but the positon in which Tim stands is not so favourable as that 6fthe chestnut, albeit the likeness is almost: equally good. \- The handicap for the Sydney Cup has been declared, and judging from the comments of those gentlemen now in Victoria who have horses engaged, the production «s not first-class ; the weights on The Duke and Rosebud being especially demurred to. It is said that the owner of these two is one of the handicappers, and has brought his influence to bear on the other two ; and seeing that The Duke won Tattersall's Cup tha other day, and ran second in a fast race immediately afterwards, there does appear to be cause for complaint. Tim Whiffler has a weight that he is complete master of, and Croydon has not been hardly dealt by ; but Trump Card has 91b: too much, for he is not a two-mile horse. Little Dick is leniently treated, but Florence gets 71b. more than she is entitled to. However, Mr Tait is not a favourite of the handicappers, and if he wins a handicap at Randwick he has to do so under extraordinary circumstances, such as when The Barb carried 9st. 101b. and lOat. 81b., and Fire works, as h three-year- old, 8st. 41b. Of these below 7st., I like Rosebud and J uanita best, the last-named especially, as she i6 handicapped at 61b. less than when she ran for the Gold Gup as a three-year- old. Certainly she is my particular weakness, and an early investment would well repay the speculator, as she is bound to come to a short price before the day. I should like to take Tim, Croydon, Kaizer, The Duke, Juanifca, and Rosebud against the field ; and of this lot I like Jtj ANITA best. Although there are two or three mistakes in the Sydney Cup handicap, it , is immeasurably superior to the production of the Y.R.C. handicapper, whose eccentricities are becoming more and more ridiculous. As I anti cipated, there are about four horses with a chance of winning. Tim, who won the the Midsummer. Handicap cleverly from Nimblefoot at a difference of 20lb., has now to concede lllb. more, and as the distance is half a mile further, the Panic gelding should hold bim as safe as if he were boiled but Croydon and Flying Dutchman are tbe most favoured horses of the lot engaged ; and I firmly believe that 6ne of these'two will catch the judge's eye first. Mermaid is leniently treated; but a great injustice has again been done to- Mr. Field, whose W. F., one of the greatest duffers that ever ran in Tasmania, is placed ucon a par with . Mermaid. Such palpable unfairness is enough to drive Mr. Field from the Victorian turf altogether, even if former handicaps did not. Mr. Cieeland's horse being placed on a par with : the Dutchman in a two mile and a quarter race is another mistake, as Milesian should have at least 61b. less over such a distance. However, unless a three-year old should happen to turn up frumps, I believe tke affair is nothing but a match between Messrs. Winch and Lang's stables. An average of nearly ' £600 is sufficient proof that if thoroughbred stock is reared as it should be, there are men amongst us willing to pay a price Which will-remunerate the breeder for the trouble; . In no stud in Victoria are yearlings cared for' in the1 same manner as at Maribyrnong, and the geat' success that- attended the opening, i .sale of Mr. Petty's thoroughbred stock was highly complimentary to the skill of the breeder, who has devoted tbe whole of his attention to bis Btud, and brought his yearlings to the hammer in a style that would have reflected credit upon any studmaster in England. Opinions differed as to which of the half-dozen submitted to competition was the'most likely to prove successful, but the majority df racing men were in favour of the Rose de Florence colt and the Gildermire colt ; though not a few preferred the Nigbtlight filly as one more likely to bring in a quicker return for the money expended upon her. Although the racing men of New South Wales failed to obtain any of the youngsters, tbey went in pluckily, and bid very high prices for three or four. I thought Mr. De MeStre would have purchased one, but the 900-guinea colt -was 'his particular 'pet, the price to which he went being too much tor him; and though Mr. Tait offered long prices tor three of the lots, he died away when the pinch came. Joe Thomp son was quite the lion of the party, and the Rose de Florence colt hav ng been pronohnqed the pick of the nuticb by Mr. James Wilson, Joe was not to be shaken off easily, albeit Meter. Filg ste, Wincb, and Kerr ran him up to 890 guinea between trnein ; bat another temver proclaimed ,»he 4' leviathan " the owher of as fine looking a yearling as1 ever stripped to public gaze, lu th'e ;L«<iy Heron colt he has a decided bargain ; for I Ten if he nCver rRi-es at all, he is worih dou -.le the money fis a- sire, having the blood of Md bourne, 'Btoekwfell, Fisherman, and flark»w-»y in is, veiiis.7. ;-Bdih -rhiese colts go ' t<» Mr James Wilson, -who also: will have the Sesgijl t$o\t to train. Under his supervision, lull ju>iice twili beldnne to these youngsters, and the New 8ou«h Wales trainers will find ' him a foeman' worthy of their steel. Everybody was glad to set? i Mf- Filgatq Jn tltedeld agaiu. Tne eolt- wuioh he. 4»prjehased is a fine strapping youngster, with plepty ..of quality; and as,- Mr, Fdgaie is qiinv ticularJy ygr,.. w,itiii twmyew-old«i this coil ia lkely to prove bojn, in Jthq n Side#, ot thiise ; We.Stakes, ' ..'To look :hejsanteedf j oungster' «rlth | .gVW'"Jlidriehjthan' Vwy tlie ,f (»nd;;op. ;:dpiyd>!;Will .cfcrr big wpighfe wiilvgrr'at yas(e., .Jpe'.1 .MoyriBdfete bdauty in the NightJigff r| fiby wbiwe beautiful shape- Was the:theme bf 'f!:- j she proye as -.fesst; Btmm; mothinwili eafeeh brolharv te Rote of Denrork eb&i; gote to | Wftulfieldtote teamedy-andlfp dhw : !w ftJ tllbfr '6augeroukgMeman to contend as.he is almost certain to possess s fauous. wonderfnl pace for which bis dam Good „ were theee ' miitetw promising a lot in the P®""" , . feo" Firework.' foal. iy mcing m<m » tho most racng- Iike that -have erar been wared in tl» colon'r ' <"« eh" fortune f.voor Mr. Petty, he may have a mow .aeceeafnl .ale next year.- The Fly, Sylvia, /Rose of Denmark, Chrysolite, Art Union, and Rse de Florence have splendid foals ov Firework?, and Nigbtlight'# filly by Maribyrnong is «- perfect beauty. . ' The betting market has not been particularly brisk this week ; the support awarded to Croydou for the Lauhceston Champion and Tamar Handi cap being the only feature worth rrtmemg. Ten to one was the price accepted about 44 the nugget winning both events. The Sydney Cup created a little interest in consequence of the weights having been published, but the backers of horses were never so scarce as they are this season, and the St, Leger and Gold Cup, which formerly was such a favourite double, is now almost a dead letter. Mr. Winch scratched The Barpn for the Aus- Italian Cup immediately after the declaration of the weights. . « Owners of horses must not forget that tbe Kilmore handicaps close on the I7th inst. From the Golden City, I learn that the stewards of the Ballarat Miners' Races have decided to allow air. ALoran ana nis noreo iymcuumu iu contend at their meeting in February. I am exeeedingly pleased at tbis conduct, as I believe Morau's case was adjudged witn indecent haste by the stewards of the Melbourne Hunt Club, and because there was a grave doubt about the affair, which he should have had the benefit of. At a meeting of the stewards of the Geelong Racing Club, held on Monday evening, selling conditions were added to the Publicans' Purse, by which every owner will handicap his own horse. The winner is (says the Express) to be eold for £50 ; if declared not to be sold, to carry 71b. extra ; if to be sold for £40, to be allowed 71b. ; if for £30, 14lb ; £20, 21lb. ; £10, 281b. ; any surplus to go to the funds. Observing in tbe sporting papers an announce ment that Messrs. Bennett and Cazaly were to row a match for the amateur championship, 1 visited the lower Yarra on Saturday last, and was never more disgusted in my life, more especially as I had intended to patronise the cricket match between Melbourne and East Melbourne. Ben nett was all abroad after the first hundred yards, and had not the ghost of a chance with his oppo nent; who was as "cool as a cucumber "all through, and took matters very easily to the finish. Cer tainly a more lamentable exhibition was never witnessed. Cazally is a fine specimen of muscu larity, and will take a deal of shaking off in a clinker, no matter who bis opponent may be. I hear that there is some talk of another match, but I think Bennett had better 44 rest and he thank ful/' Fbiday. The Australian Cup has been the medium of a little speculation, but the illiberal odds offered by the bookmakers do not suit backers of horses. On Thursday, 100 to 13 was laid against each of four, .Tim Whiffler, Croydon, Nimblefoot, trn Flying Dutchman being the quartette selected; the backer subsequently laying a member of the ring 100 to 5 on twenty, leaving out. The BaroD, The Earl, Albany, Tomahawk, W. F., Hollyhock, and Norman. Little Dick for the Tamar Handi cap Was coupled with Tim" for the Launceston Champion at 100 to 4 ; but on Friday not a blow was struck. 