THE NORTHERN TERRITORY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The Adelaide Observer of July 15 contains several communications from residents at and about Port Darwin, from which we extract the following :— Palmerston, May 31. y The Gulnare bad over a four months' trip to the Roper Hirer, where the senior surveyor has been engaged surveying the river; and Captain Sweet baa been working at the mouth. The officers connected with the land-office have been rather busy. The great topic in our letters by the Gulnare will be the rupture between the Overseer of Works and the contractors for the Overland Telegraph. It is a very sad affair, and every reverse or difficulty tells on our prospects. The work has been practically stopped in the very pick of the dry season, when every month is worth three at the end of the year. There can be no doubt that the contractors are very much to blame. They must have been aware that the provisioL.B would be getting short before the Marie Elizabeth left, and in this country men cannot work without good and wholesome food. The contractors also have no right to a.-iumo that the horses and cattle by the Omeo and St. Magnus would be able to complete the work; in fact, they could not have had that opinion, as it was their original intention to send 200 or 300 head of working bullocks and store cattle via or from Queensland. Theae were expected in March. Had they arrived, and flour, sugar, &c;, been •ent up two months ago, the work would have gone on. Probably much of the wire and stores now arrived would then have been landed at the Roper. It is believed Mr. Paqualin, by the mail which was sent per the Larrakeeyab, viu Timor, conveyed to Messrs. Darwent and Dal wood a very strong representation as to his position, and his inability to complete the work without strong reinforcements, and this was written when he was still under the impression that the cattle were coming overland. By the mail per Marie Elizabeth, Mr. Paqualin has, it is Stated, been directed by Darwent and Dalwood not to hesitate at any cost to send for sufficient l transport power, &c;, to complete the work in the stipulated time ; that they would in such a case be prepared to send up the Omeo. Now a it is just possible, while the Gulnare is pt making her way via the Leeuwin, the Omeo will be bowling along via Torres Straits, to arrive here and find the majority of the workmen en route to Adelaide, and the work transferred to the Government Overseer of Works. This, if it occurs, will be most unfor tunate, and will doubtless lead to infinite com plications. We were all very much disappointed that J. Davis* Sugar Company never arrived at maturity. The small plantations of the Govern ment Resident are doing extremely well, and I hear that some specimens are being sent by the Gulnare ; of couree they will b<? withered and attenuated aa compared with their present con dition, still it will prove to Adelaide sceptics what we can do here even in our rough and unskilful way. I alto hear that specimens are being sent to the Crown Lands-office of the soil in which the canes were grown. One thing I may mention, that so far as I can judge the cane produced in the stony land is quite equal, if not superior, to that obtained from the allu vial gully called Doctor's Gully. Of course the Northern Territory can never progress without capital and coolies, but the real question is, do the South Australian people believe in the cultivation of articles usually produced in tropical climates ? Don't they use sugar with their tea, take their coffee after a smoke, wear cotton shirts in preference to expensive, and cod, clammy Irish linen ? Do they believe in thousands upon thousands of acres of grass and well-watered country that would make a Far North squatter think he bad at last fallen in with a pastoral Canaan ? If bo, all I can cay is that the Northern Territory Offers ill theße inducements; "ex nihilo nihil At," and you cannot get sugor, coffee, cotton, and bullocks out of grass. The expedition here is too large, but I fancy that reductions might be mode, perhaps to the extent of about a third, without inconvenience. The European police here is a very great mistake. There is too much of the Plumper's "\humbug about them. Queensland or New Bouth Wales native police, with one good officer ► of the educated bushman class, would be far better. The climate here is far better than has been represented. There are four seasons. The dry and cool, May, June, July, and August; the dry and hot, September, October, November, and December; the wet and cool, January, Feb ruary, March, and sometimes April, although if not wet it is tolerably cool. I have never suf fered so much from heat here as I have in Ade laide. I have never as yet seen the thermometer tonch 100. On April 26 an expedition in charge of Mr. M'Lachlan, and accompanied by two troopers, left for the River Catherine to look for cattle tracks, which have been seen by Mr. M'Minn and others. I hear that Mr. M'Lachlan has instructions, if he finds cattle, to sell to the contractors what. they require at so much per head, and if he finds horses to keep a certain number for the Government and Bell the re mainder, if Mr. M'Minn or the contractors re quire them. This is scarcely an inducement for settlers to bring over horses and cattle. The three hones found by Mr. M'Lachlan on his overland trip to the Roper hare been, I hear, branded with the Government brand. This cer tainly wems a very strange proceeding. The people at Palmerston have food enongb, but there would not have been sufficient to spar* far the telegraph works, even bad there bean the means of transport. The health of the settlement, is very good. There has bean some fever and ague, arising lees from climate than short food and rough living among the construction party, and a few convalssosnts will return by the Gulnare. Seven person*, exclusive of the Government Resident, have their wives and families at Palmerston. Drr Mflhw took a census a day or two ago, (which will no doubt be sent to the Government by the Gulnare. The natives are quite quiet and very useful. They cut wood, dig, and do all sorts of odd jobs, besides often bringing in Ash, and occasionally game, small wild yams, somewhat resembling kidney potatoes. Some of them are now engaged in clearing a large ex perimental garden for the Government Resident. Dr. M ilfaer performs service every Sunday in a large room at the house of the Government Resident. The attendance is good, considering the number of inhabitants. By the Marie Eliza beth a harmonium arrived as a present from the Bishop. Miss Douglas acts aa organist. At present there are no ships at Palmer eton, everything is supplied from 'the Govern ment stores at moderate prices, generally 10 per cent, upon the invoice. There is a tailoress and an amateur shoemaker, bri kluyera, car penters, blacksmiths, &c;, all in the Government «mploy. A schoolmaster has managed to collect about a dozen or rather more pupils, but he is returning in the Gulnare, and no one is at pre sent spoken of as his successor. The aboriginal Brimook, charged with spear ing a horse, has been arrested, Hogged, and released. From various sources we learn that the country traversed by tho construction parties was of a vary superior character, being inter sected by hilly ranges and large watercourses. Three of the latter have been dignified with the title of rivers, and tbe names the Fergusson,'the Edith, and the Cullen, have been conferred upon them. When swollen with the winter's rain these streams proved rather an awkward impediment to the trani-port of material. No difficulty has been experienced in finding a favorable route for the telegraph lines. Only in one locality do the poles traverse anything like swampy ground, and that patch of it is firm enough except in the wettest part of the season. For the remainder of the 225 miles not only has a track been found free from inundation, but also to a large extent free from any serious risks of bush fires. Further par ticulars have come to hand respecting the dis covery of dray and cattle tracks some 130 miles from Port Darwin; but they throw little light • upon the subject beyoud that thrown upon it by previous news. It has been suggested that they were the tracks of a Queensland party, but this is only conjecture. Perchance the Govern* ment expedition dispatched by Captain Douglas will be able to obtain additional intelligence upon the subject. But for the disastrous tidings in respect to the stoppage of the Over land Telegraph works the news to band by the Gulnare is very satisfactory. Jhe health of the Government party and of the private settlers is excellent; the reports as to the capabilities of the country, and generally as regards the atti tude of the natives towards the whites gratifying. ANT scheme of parliamentary reform and a re-distribution of the electorates which may be brought forward ia our Legislature will be in complete, and to a certain extent unfair, with out it provides some means for the representa tion of minorities. Tho best mode of doing this has been for a long time occupying the attention of the wisest, of political thintere both in Europe and America. It may be very truly said that I according to our present system of tlistributi' n t the minority are represented too largely, but ! then the present state of things cannot last much longer. The system which has been adopted now in some of the American States is that known as "Hare*," and it seems to work very smoothly and afford general satisfaction. The Victorian Press is forcing the matter upon the attention of the present Ministry in that colony, and urge that it should be dealt with in conjunction with a measure for the redistribution of the electorates, which is nearly as much required in Victoria as in thie oolony. Bpeiking of the working of the system in America, the Australasian says:—" Mr. Hare's system of totality representation is rapidly gaining ground in America, and is meeting with increased f-.ivor from all classes of politicians. It has been adopted in the State of Illinois, where its operation is found to give satisfaction to both republicans and democrats. It is now demanded by the State of South Carolina, where the 60,000 white voters are vir tually disfranchised because the 90,000 negro voters monopolize the representation. A strik ing illustration of the fair and equitable manuer in which the principle works has just been pre sented at the municipal election for the town of I Bloomsburg, which has been conducted upon Mr. Hare's plan. Under the old method of majority ' voting, it is believed that the entire Republican 1 ticket' would have been elected. As it is, : however, the new council, elected on the 12th ; of April last, and composed of six members and a president, comprises Jour democrat*, two republicans, and one republican working-man, ! and this reprsaents with approximate accuracy the division of parties in the town. All the borough officers—the assessors of taxes, school directors, constables, and town officers —are j elected by this 'free vote,' as the Americans • call it, and we are assured on the authority of I Senator fiuckalew, Mr. Hare's most zealous i disciple in Congress, that 'It has secured ' for the town government throughout most com petent and excellent men. ... To a great ! extent, unquestionably, reformed administra- ' tion, peaceful and cheap elections, and general good feeling in the town, have been secured by the free vote.' Moreover, while it assures to I the working class its legitimate share of muni- i cipal power, it prevents it from turning the ' scale between the main parties, bo as to deprive I one of these of all share ia the representation, > while it almost entirely destroys the motive to ' purchase side parties, or factions, or floating i rotes." ; The Sydney Empire furnishes the following j information with regard to the movements of the Native Mounted Police in North Queen6 land :—" In order to correct the impression that i the owners of the Kennedy district, resideat in ■ New South Wales, arc doing nothing for the protection of the people in their employ and their property, Mr. F. 8. E. Holt, of Wealwan dangle, encloses correspondence that has paesed : between the Hon. Thomas Holt, of the Warren, and the Colonial Secretary of Q eensland, in which Mr. Holt states that he had received a communication to the effect that Mr. Inspector ' Marlow had removed the Acting-inspector and ' his troopers from that portion of the Kennedy ' district, where they were urgently required, to j his head-quarters at Dalrymple, where they are i not required, and consequently almost as useless ■ as if they were stationed in Brisbane. Mr. Holt ! refers to the very great losses he and his ! neighbors suffered two or three years ago by the aborigines spearing and huuting their 1 cattle. Mr. Acting-inspector Thompson has ad- ; mirably succeeded in getting them well under subjection; property is now secure, and the I lives of the people employed are free from danger. But he adds if Mr. Marlow is allowed : to keep the Acting-inspector and his troopers at , the head station (Dalrymple) doing nothing, or ! merely acting as his body-guard, « there ii no i saying how soon the blacks may recommence ! spearing our cattle and ruthlessly murdering our people, as they did the family and servants of Mr. Wills some years ago in the Leichhardt district.' In reply, the Colonial Secretary j stated that the Native Police had not been ' removed, but a Sub-inspector of more experience I would be sent up in place of the Acting-inspec- { tor. Mr. F. S. B. Holt rejoins that the authori ties in Brisbane are misinformed as regards the movements of the Native Police in the North, for the detachment near Cape Upstart were removed nearly a year ago. Messrs. Gilcbrisr, Watt, and Co., B. Towns and Co., Leopold Fane De : Salis, and William John Dangar, forwarded similar remonstrances to the Queensland Go vernment, and received similar replies." j Thb Melbourne Daily Telegraph gives the following particulars of a marriage in haste. The lady is the only daughter of a late resident of Hobart Town. The person to whom she is married is well known in Sydney as a " betting man," and brother of the leading betting man in Victoria and Sydney. The lady's fortune is said to be £2000 a-year. The Telegraph cays: —" An extraordinary episode agitates Collins street, the title of which might very well be the ' Ring and the Book.' It concerns a young lady well known on the block, and is now open 'town talk;' but it is so singular that even wonder-loving Melbourne people, when it was first stated, would hardly give it credence. Great as may be the regret, however, and deep the sympathy with the friends, the facts of the case are beyond denial. They cannot be cir cumstantially narrated; but they are too public to be altogether overlooked. The lady is a relative living with one of our merchant | princes, and has been accustomed to visit the Flemington Racecourse, in addi tion to other places of fashionable resort. There she is presumed to hare become enamored with a well-known member of the betting ring, while the latter was engaged in 'chaff' and ' laying the odds' of his profession. Rumors I of semi-public marks of the preference baring i been shown are now rife. On Thursday last a I closely-veiled lady alighted at the door of the house in which the gentleman in question—he may be called B.—resided with his brother, and asked if Mr. So-and-So were in. B. opened the door himself, but not knowing who the visitor was, requested to be told which of the male members of the fau-ily (as there were three) she I required. 'You are the one I waut,' replied the lady in timid voice, ' will you step out side?' This done, she raised her veil, and displayed the features of la dame aux courses. She told her tale of lore, vowed she would never be separated from the object of her affection, and begged him to find her a home, as she had quitted the splendors of the Softgoodian mansion never to return, and all for his sake. Here was a pretty dilemma! He expostulated, and she implored. As a dernier ressort, B. conducted the lady to his brother's house, puttiug her for the nonce under the care of his sister-in-law. To the credit of the family, it must be said that they counselled the lady to return home, and forget what they supposed to be a fleeting whim. She was obdurate, refused to go, and continued a guest in the house. The lady did not repent, however, and on Saturday they were made man and wife with all the ceremonies of the Church. The young lady's natural guardians had sought her in vain, and were, it is believed, much astonished when B.s brother on Sunday broke the extraordinary iutelligence to them." Let us hope that the confidence thus reposed by a foolish, yet confiding woman in, and the good fortune brought to, t le lucky bridegroom, be carefully guarded and put to an honorable use, so that neither may have cause to repent the sadden step they have taken in one of the most important events in the life of man or woman. Th» 5. M. Herald tKjtx— "We learn from the Melbourne Argus that Mr. Fraser, the gentleman who recently arrived from Batavia to attempt the negotiation of terms for a steam service between the Australian colonies and Java, had an interview with the committee of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, aad submitted"an outline of his proposals. In Mel bourne, as in Adelaide nnd Sydnej, Mr. Fraser has only been enabled to state his project in a preliminary form, reserving a definite and exact statement of the terms that he will be prepared to offer till he has returned from Queensland and conferred with tho Government of that colony, which is at present the most deeply interested in the establishment of suih a service. The project that he submits on bcbalf of the pro moters of the proposed line is this:—lt is con templated that a monthly steamer would leave Bafcavia, plying via Torres Straits to Bowen, Moreton Bay, and Syduey, making the last port the terminus. Arrange ments could also be mode, if desired, for the steamers to call at Port Darwin, so as to afford regular communication with North Australia. It is considered that three strainers could work the service. They would be steamers of upwards of 1000 tons, fitted with compound engines, and working say nine knots per hjur. The company running them would be connected with the Ne;herlanda-India Steam Navigation Company, which at present is working the following lines : —One from Batavia along the west cost of Sumatra, and another along the east coast, one to the weat coast of Borneo, one to south Borneo, one along the south coast of Java, another along the north coast of the some island, one from Sourabaya to the Island of Balie, and one from the same port making along voyage round the Mala cus archipelago, including Koepang and Timor, which is only 500 miles from Port Darwin. There is, in addition, a weekly line from Batavia to Singapore, there joining on with all the network of the steam lines of the Peninsular and Oriental Company and the British India Company and the Ocean Steam ship Company, and forming a connexion with India, Suez, Penang, China, and all the Eastern ports. Tb» would, it is considered, give an alternate means of conveyance for mails and passengers to Europe, besides opening up a way of communication, and laying the founda tion of a trade between Australia and Batavia and the East. The promoters also point out that, besides affording a means for such a commerce, the line offers to the Northern colonies an advantage that in the future will be of very great moment in facilitating the supply of coolie labor from Java or China. For these, and all the other various collateral advantages attending the working of such a line, the promoters ask a subsidy of £37,000 annu ally. Of this sum the Government of Netherlands-India, mindful of the benefits that would accrue to the colony from the outlet for trade that the line would open, has promised to contribute £10,000, on condition that the annual sum of £27,000 is made up in the Australian colonies. Of course, the service would bo of different value to the different colonies. Queens land would derive the main benefit, New South Wales would share in a lower degree, South Australia would have a prospective interest for the sake of its Northern Territory, while Victo ria, except for the community of interest in which all of the colonies in degree participate, would be only to a small extent a gainer. Con sequently, the allotment of the proportions of the subsidy would involve a good deal of con sideration that in this preliminary stage would be premature, and for the present the matter must depend on the shape the project assumes and the support it receives at the hands of tke Queensland Government." At the luncheon given by the Mayor of Mel bourne, in the Town Hall, to the Governor of Queensland (whie'< is described as a very bril liant affair), in reply to the toast of his health, His Excellenjj said:—"Like all persons in the old country, ho had often read and heard of tho wonders ot Australia—her great mineral wealth, agricultural resources, the vast flocks she main tained, and, above all, the development of the fine city in which he now found himself. In the marvellous accounts of Melbourne, he had been astonished at the noble hall in which they were then—a hall seldom equalled in the old country. ITe had also been much struck with the splendid Public Library, the Botanical Gardens, and other public buildings, all of which were evidences of energy and industry ; and he trusted that thoy would long nourish, and continue to develop themselves in the country. It had been his good fortune in early life to visit another of Her Majesty's colonies, and since he had landed in Canada on the staff of the army he had taken a hearty interest in the colonial empire. Ho attached to the con nection with the mo'her-country the most vital importance, and wished to see the ties on either side composed of materials lasting and per manent —ties of affection, regard, and esteem, and, he might also add, the additional tie of mutual self-interest. He was about to proceed to the youngest of the Australian colonies—a colony young in years, but which could not be measured by length of existence by the ordinary rules, when it was considered that everything had been done in Victoria in thirty years. It would be his sincere endeavor to promote the welfaro and happiness of the people amongst whom he would be placed ; and when he left, if he had promoted that feeling he woald feel himself amply rewarded." The following tale of misfortune and disaster appears in the Smythesdale Advertiser: — " Materials for a romanoe are supplied in this district. Some years ago a family resided in Smythesdale, which included two sons, and about three or four yean ago their mother died, and left to each the sum of £300* One son speculated heavily in mining and lost, getting his brother to endorse a promissory-note for a heavy amount. The speculative brother, instead of retrieving his losses, lost the proceeds of the bill also ; but before the bill arrived at maturity he lost his life while working in a claim. The other brother was engaged to a young lady, and the day for their union was settled upon; j but in the interim the bill to the de ceased brother was dishonored, and the holders pounced on the intended bridegroom, and his all was swallowed up to meet the, de mand. He had not the courage to state his altered position to his intended, and the generally happy day arrived and he still kept the bride ignorant of the change in his position, and preparations went on for the coming ceremony. Whilst this went on at the residence of the bride, the bride groom visited a chemist, and obtained a quantity of strychnine, a portion of which he swallowed, I and then proceeded to the house of his intended; I but instead of having taken enough to make him sick he had taken an overdose, and on bis reach* < ing the door of her parents' residence he doopped down, and was soon carried in, the incident creating alarm and confusion. The medical man was called in, to whom the facts were given, bat on condition of not informing the intended bride. In three hours he was dead." The Ceylon Observer of May 26 says: "The Dutch have not yet lost their hold on the commerce of the East. In Java they have probably the richest, and beyond question, the best-paying colony in the world. The ordinary annual surplus of revenue over expenditure is from two to three millions sterling, and nearly the whole of this amount is remitted to the home Exchequer. This is a source of serious discontent to the colonists, and may lead to grave consequences one of these days. The Dutch Government has, however, latterly shown more consideration for the rights of colonists, and, following the example of our own Govern ment, has encouraged the construction of rail ways by guatanteeing interest at 5 per cent, on the capital expended. A line connect ing the port of Samarang with the in terior has already been finished, and a nar row gauge line connecting Batavia with Buitenzorg, the hill retreat of the Governor- General, is now under construction. The wants of the colony have been further met by the es tablishment of a monthly line of steamers to run direct between Holland and Java by way of the Suez Canal. These steamers are to be of 3000 tons burden, and will carry passengers as well as cargo. The steamers will not touch at Aden or Galle, but will make their course across the Indian Ocean to the Straits of Suuda, and thence to Batavia. It is not impro bable that the Dutch line will divert a good deal of the traffic of the Messageries Maratimes Company, whose steamers have hitherto carried a large number of the passengers, and a good deal of the valuable merchandise passing be tween Holland and her colonial." I SojrtTHiue almost like • ghost story, but which, nevertheless, seems to be told by a cautious intelligent observer, has been exciting some attention at Strathalbyn, and is thus re lated to the Southern Argus by Mr. W. T. Tregalgas:—" Whilst taking a walk very early one morning, through some motive which I ' cannot account for, I was induced to walk through the burying- ground, and coming to a grave surrounded by a wall, and covered with a slab of slate, I noticed on the slate something bi range. It was scarcely light enough to see distinctly at first, bat after waiting some few minutes I could see it plainly, and it appeared to be a tide view of a female. I could dis linctly trace the head and body and the skirts, ; apparently full-sire. Not being satisfied with the sight, I rubbed my hand on the form, and ! found that portion of tho elate was perfectly dry, whilst the parts outside the form were very wet with the dew which had fallen ; and still not being satisfied, I walked away and : came back in about fifteen or twenty minute* ; after, and still the form was there ; so I deter ; mined upon visiting it again neit morning, , which I did, and continued doing so for a week !or more. During this time I only saw the form i once after the first morning ; but not being a : believer in supernatural appearances I tried to define the cause, but failed. Iv the course of conversation I told Mr. Morton what I had seen, and he visited the place and saw the form, although not so plain as it was when I saw it. The form was to be seen, and it has been seen since by others. Now, I believe there is some natural cause which produces this strange ap pearance, and perhaps some person upon read ing this will be able to satisfy the minds of those who have seen it, for although many things have been advanced by people as to the probable cause, none seem satisfactory to my mind and those who have beerf eyewitnesses of the sight." Of a similar character is the fol lowing extraordinary story, which is given in the Court Journal of May 6 :—" All have read with horror of the barbarous murder com mitted on a young and extremely well-favored girl—a child one might say—nigh on 17 year* old, at Eltham, in Kent. Too painful subject is referred to in consequence of a very extraordi nary circumstance connected with the girl's death. The girl expired at Guy's Hospital at 9 o'clock on Sunday night. A doctor, a nurse, and a detective policeman were in the room at the time, and they all concur in stating that at the very moment of her decease the face of a man appeared at the window close to the bed on which the murdered girl lay. This mysteri | ous apparition disappeared as soon as the policeman approached the window, which, by the way, is about 50 feet from the ground. Of course there was no one thoro. There were no means by which the window could be reached | from the street save by a ladder, and ladder there was none." A New Zealand contemporary thus com ments on the condition of Wellington :—" Look ing around at the wretched condition of the pro vince of Wellington, and considering the amount of [its liabilities, the paucity of its income, the cessation of all public works, even of the most necessary description, the fact that large tracts of feriilo country are lying valueless for want of roads and bridges, and noting the traces of mis government and folly which lie thickly spread on every side, one way well ask, «Can these dry bones live ?' and yet it would appear that some people imagine them possessed of suffi cient vitality to commence a new career. We hear of another Superintendent to be elected, the Provincial House to be painted, decorated, and furnished afresh, and • new staff of servants engaged—all being done, of course, with the money realised from the Manawatu land. But, when this money is ex pended—what then? Will the debt of the province be liquidated ? Will the country be opened up and settled with an industrious popu lation, or local industries &o; far fostered as to be able to walk alone ? Beading the future by the light of the past, we should say that none of these things will be done, and it would be wise for the people to consider whether they, will allow the only portion of the public estate now remaining to be swallowed up in the same manner as that which has been squandered before. No amount of patch ing or re-modelling will ever make Pro vincial institutions work for the public good again; specious arguments in favor of their continuance will "be advanced by those who live by them, but it is certain that the only way by which prosperity can ever be restored, to at least this part of the colony, is by sweeping the whole fabric away. Besides the acknowledged debt of this province, there are indirect liabilities which few people think of, but which will have to be met some day. For instance, there are, as we are given to understand, 520.000 acres of unsurveyed land in the province, for which grants have been issued; this will all have to be surveyed at a cost of about £50,000, sooner or later. Keeping the province on its legs v only postponing the inevitable wind up, and the longer it is deferred, the more disastrous will it be." 