THURSDAY, JULY 0, 1871. The Chief Secretary declared at Kyneton that the policy of his Ministry was one of action. Whether this be so or not, it is quite certainjhat his vain- glorious speech on that occasion has induced a large number of selectors or speculators to take action which must íesult in a loss to themselves of both time -and money. Immediately after Mr. DUFFY'S deliverance it was pointed out in The Argus that the promises, which were so freely made meant nothing. The result has already jus- tified, the statement. In many parts of the colony persons desirous of taking up choice bite of land thought otherwise. They acted upon their opi- nions only to find themselves deceived, and now every one is asking in what does the boasted liberality of the land policy of the present Ministry consist. We are at a loss for an answer to the question. Mr. DOTFY'S speech, sounded well, read well-and that is all ; and the pro- mises contained in it are no sooner tested than it is found there is nothing in them. The Chief Secretary pro- claimed free selection over the' whole length and breadth of the colony. Said he, in effect, Put in your pegs when and where you please; go up and occupy the land, for it is yours. Lo ! I have given it unto you. The people have gone up, the pegs have been put in, but the land-it is not theirs, and it is not likely that it will be theirs, for public policy ordains, under the Duffy-ctm-Grant as it did under the M'Culloch cwn- Macpherson Administration, large reservations. All that could safely and legally bt done in the way of throwing open the land for settlement under the I and Act of 1869 was done long before Mr. DUFFY took office, and he knew it; but it suited him to make large pro niises-to raise great expectations, and the people now see what these promises are worth and what chance there is of those expectations being fulfilled. The Chief Socretary in his speech said -" Free selection ivas accorded to the " people by Parliament ; but it was " withheld from them by the Adrninis " tration, and it remained little more " than a dead letter. All this is at an " end ; the theory and practice shall be " in accord at last. Free selection " begins from this day-' the law allows " ' it, and the court awards it.' You " scarcely know, my friends, all that is " involved in this change." They knowit now, however, and those who so lustily cheered for the change they did not understand would scarcely .be so loud in their vociferations were Mr. DurFY" again to make the samo speech. Mr. DUFFY'S great hit was to be the abolition of ' the zebra stripes. ' His mission was, under the auspices of Mr. GRANT, to bring forth the animal a pure white, but when he attempted to apply the brush, he found that all the stripes that it was possible to wipe out had already been erased. Mr. MACPHERSON had been before, him,' and there was nothing left for him to do. . Even the Chief Secretary and his long tried and ever-trusted -friend, Mr. GRANT, were compelled to acknow- ledge »that .frontages to water and tracks that were in common use, must be reserved for the general wel- fare of- the community, and with these exceptions, Mr. MACPHERSON had prac- tically, abolished the zebra stripes long before there was any probability of Mr. DUFFY taking office. No wonder intending selectors, confused with the apparent magnitude of the Chief Secretary's promises, ask in wondering amazement, "What new thing is it which " Mr. DUFFY has done Î" The answer is very simple. By a judicious choice of language carefully selected to hide his real intentions, he induced a belief in the excessive liberality of his Ministry which has borne all the fruit it was ever intended to bear, viz., the return of himself and his colleagues without opposition. Mr. DUFFY very well knew what he was about. So far back as the 10th of May, Mr. MACPHERSON, in his place in the Assem- bly, announced that the reservations known as the "zebra stripes" would only be maintained intact so far as it was necessary to secure access to water from the back territory. In reply to a question by Mr. DUFFY, he made the following statement:-"I have re " quested the Surveyor-General to direct " the district surveyors in all cases of " applications for land withheld under " the 102nd section" (the zebra stripes), " under which all land is withheld, to " Bend the applications to the Board of " Land and Works if they thought tho " land not absolutely essential for access " to water from the back country. By " ' absolutely essential,' I mean close to " -water. In all the cases which have " come before me-I suppose between " five and six thousand-it has nokbeen " considered desirable, in the inteu j^>of " the public, to disallow one per cent,, " except in the case of water-frontages, " with respeot to which I have acted on " the advice of the officers of the de " partment." Neither Mr. GRANT nor Mr. DUFFY has done anything more than this. They have altogether abo- lished the zebra reservations, but at the same time they intimate that commonly used tracks and water frontages must be reserved in the general interests of the public. In this they are quite right, but they are to be blamed for raising expecta- tions which they knew they were utterly powerless to Batisfy. They induced a large number of persons to believe that there was no limit to free selection, and, accordingly, water reserves, town and farmers commons, state forests, timber reserves, camping grounds, and police paddocks, none of which can be granted, have all been pegged out. Time and money havebeen wasted in the operation, angry feelings havo been excited, and now that Mr, DUFFY has achieved his end, those unfortunate people who believed the Chief Secretary really meant what he seemed to mean, are quietly informed that they have been mistaken-they have been acting under a delusion. Mr. DUFFY is sorry for them, but of course he can't help it. In conclusion, we may inform intending settlors that there is really no more land worth having open for selection under the Duffy-citm Grant than there was under the M'Cul loch-cwm-Macpherson Administration. Mr. LOWE'S financial fiasco is damaging to the Gladstone Ministry and disastrous to his own reputation. Although a good fair-weather sailor, he has shown himself to be incapable of navigating the vessel when a deficit warns him that there are breakers ahead. Nothing is more facile or more popular than the application of any surplus, however small, to the re- mission of taxation, but when pub- lic opinion and the exigencies of the state force upon the Government of the day an increase in the expenditure, fcimultaneously with a falling off in the revenue, the genius of a Minister of Finance is submitted to the most crucial of all tests. Mr. LOWE'S has been tried and found wanting. His Budget, which one of his critics sarcastically alleges to have been concocted in ten minutes, was withdrawn, covered with ridicule and ignominy, in less than ten days. Thero was a deficiency of £2,713,000 to bo provided for, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer proposed to cover this by a tax of one half-penny per box upon lucifer matches, by a fractional increase of the income tax, and by augmenting the succession duties. If Mr. LOWE were a professed wit, it might have been supposed that he made the first proposition with no other object than that of resuscitating PITT'S classical joke about making a small profit out of light. The House of CommonB, however, and the match- makers of Bethnal Green were by no means disposed to make light of the small profit which the Chancellor of the Exchequer proposed to extort from lucifers ; and the project was abandoned. In all probability it was derived from one of the devices resorted to in the United States during the civil war. Running his eye down the list of articles chargeable- with duties in the Internal Revenue department, Mr. LOWE alighted upon this one, and con bid ering the universality of the con bumption of matches, he seized upon their taxation as a "happy thought." But if he had gone from the letter M to the letter P he would havo found that an article was subjected to a,two cenf. duty, from which a large sum was capable of being raised, and by the selection of which he would have escaped that unpleasant demonstration on the 24th of April. We refer to photographic cartes-de-visite, all of which until re- cently bore a penny stamp on the back. In like manner the increased Succes- sion Duties were abandoned, and so poverty-stricken were the mental re- sources of the Chancellor of the Ex- chequer in this hurniliating emergency, that he had nothing better to fall back upon than what Mr. DISRAELI-para- phrasing Lord STOWELL'S "elegant "simplicity of the three per cents" -denominates "the" sweet simplicity " of the income-tax." Instead of rais- ing it by about five farthings in the pound, as originally proposed, Mr. LOWE intends increasing it by twopence in the pound. Even Professor FAAVCETT, radi- cal as he is, protested against the aggra- vation of a burden already sirfficiently onerous, and expostulated with the'Go- vernment on the folly of which it was guilty in teaching the democracy the evil lesson that they could be extrava- gant without cost to themselves. - The Chancellor of the Exchequer, it seems, had been so confident of carrying his Budget, that he had caused a stamp for the match-boxes to be prepared by the officers of the Inland Kevenue de- partment, with the motto " J£x luce " lucellum " engraved upon it, and it never seems to have occurrod to him that there were other " lights " out of which "a little profit" might be extracted; and that, as one of the London weeklies has suggested, a tax of one penny upon every thousand cubic feet of gas consumed in Great Britain and Ireland would yield, it ÍB believed, as much revenue as 'the additional twopence in the pound which has been laid on the income-tax. It would fall pretty equably upon all, classes, excluding the poorest, and would reach those places of public entertain- ment which contribute very little to the general revenue in the mother country, but which in Paris pay a heavy tax to- wards the maintenance of the benevo- lent institutions of that city. _,'.,, The result of the wreck of the Budget is thus compendiously summed up by tho Spectator:-"It has compelled a ?" Government of financiers to tako 41 refuge in unsound finance-to throw " on the middle and upper class the ?*' whole of an exceptionally heavy addl " tion to taxation imposed in great " measure for popular and democratic " ends j and the worst of this is, that " the lowest section of the middle class " is far the most heavily taxed portion " of the community, in spite of the de *& -Juction of £60 which they are entitled 'i^^make from their incomes before as " sesBing them to the income-tax." Excep tionmustbe taken, however, to the epithet " a Government of financiers," as ap- plied to the Administration of Mr, GLADSTONE, for while his eminence in that respect is generally acknowledged, the incapacity of* his Chancellor of the Exchequer and of the other members of the Cabinet generally, to deal with what is really a trivial deficit, has been sig- nally displayed both in framing the Budget, which has been so precipitately abandoned, and in providing for it no better substitute than that which consists in piling fresh burdens upon the most docile and over- worked horse in the public stables. If a Chancellor of the Exchequer is not master of the science of taxation, and lamentably breaks down at the very moment when he is called upon not only to prove his ability but to vindi- cate his ?aùon d'etre, his utility to the Ministry of which he is a member is very questionable. And although Mr. Xown's status as an intellectual debater is a veiy good one, his want of tact, and his deficiency in sympathy, combine to neutralise the value of his speeches -viewed in relation to their party uses- in the House of Commons. They are too often, as has been ?well said, "inopportune and irritat " ing," as if the physical infirmity .which precludes Hm from seeing so much of what is passing around him isolated him also from the moral and mental atmosphere by which he is sur- rounded. Something like it occurred in the case of our great epic poet, whose total blindness alienated him to some extent from "the great continent of " humanity," and although, as we are told, " his soul was like a star, and dwelt " apart," its glitter was cold, and though light issued from it, it gave forth no .warmth. It is to be hoped that the efforts now being made to establish a Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals will result in the full realisation of the good intentions of its promoters. In no part of the world probably does there exist greater -need for an organisation of this lund, in conse- quence of a pretty general belief that the existing law is inadequate to enforce punishment upon those who inflict unnecessary pain upon dumb creatures. At the meeting on Tuesday, however, Mr. WRIXON made it suffi- ciently clear, that, so far as the law is concerned, the means for suppressing this kind of brutality are quite adequate for the purpose. What is wanted, there- fore, is an organised body of persons pledged to give information in every case of ciuelty which comes under their notice, and to make such sacrifice of their time as will help to insure the conviction of offenders. Besides sympathy and personal sacri- fice, however, a society of this kind, having very active duties to perform, requires funds to carry on its operations. It is not to be expected that the duties of its officers should be honorary. An office is required where, at all times, information may be given and prosecutions initiated, and a staff of three persons, acting as the executive of the society, Is also xiecessary, so that as much facility as possible may be afforded to the bene- volent portion of the public to put into effect the information they supply. A paid agency of this kind is the more necessary on account of its being de- sirable, as far as possible, to relieve private individuals from the consplcu ousness of being the chief instigators in the prosecutions. For with every feeling of indignation at the sight of the bar- barities practised by those inhuman persons who own, and therefore think they have a right to ill-treat, dumb crea- tures, there is a pardonable reluct- ance, in the case of ladies especially, to encounter the publicity of a police court. The society, moreover, may do good service by the publication of informa- tion defining what cruelty really is. It is more than likely that many persons are guilty of unintentional cruelty, aris- ing out of the ignorant belief that many of the lower animals are devoid of feel- ing. It is a common thing in hot weather to see poultry in a market exposed for sale that have been without iood or water for 24, or, it may be, 48 ^hours. So also they may be seen tied tightly by the legs, and so carried head downwards for long distances. Many persons who subject poultry to this ^kind of treatment imagine they are unconscious of, pain. It is not to be expected, of course, that all Buch persons should study compara- tive anatomy so as to satisfy them 'Belves of the existence of a nervous Bystem in geese and turkeys, but it is very proper, they Bhould know that animal life in its loweBt forms is endued ?with sensibility. The society, if properly -supported and efficiently managed, may work out very considerable social re- forms. Children, for example, are almost universally cruel to the lower animals, and Victorian children are not excep- tional in this respect. JSTot one boy in a hundred can see a dog or a cat in the Btreet without hurling a stone at it. As there are few children nowadays who do not attend a school of some kind, it seems possible to convey a general reproof to them through the medium of their teachers, who, by cir- cular, might be requested to dwell upon the brutality of such practices. This, however, is only one of the many ways in which the Boclety may beneficially exercise its influence, and the com- paratively small sum requisite to carry out its purposes ought to render it an easy matter to establish it as one of our permanent institutions. We yesterday published a report of an interview between the .Treasurer and .« deputation of the Victorian Kifle As sociation, relative to the propriety and justice of awarding the latter an in- creased grant of public money to enable the council to offer larger and more substantial prizes at its rifle com- petitions. Seeing how desirable it is to encourage our volunteers by overy possible means to render themselves proficients in the art of shooting, we are decidedly of opinion that the association has a claim upon the Go- vernment that cannot be prudently ignored. Left as we are to provide for our own defence, while at the same time the active business engagements of nearly all of us forbid our devoting that amount of time to drill which can alone make perfect soldiers, it behoves us to endeavour to compensate for the deficient training our volunteers neces- sarily receive, by the deadly accuracy of their fire. But great skill in handling a rifle can only be acquired by constant practice, which, if strictly enforced, would become irksome, and have the effect of causing many members of the force to retire. If, however, we can by any means render the necessary practice attractive by pro- moting emulation, we shall stand a much better chance of securing a num- ber of efficient marksmen than we could hope 'to obtain by any process of coercion. This the Victorian Bille Asso- ciation has been striving to do byholding meetings and awarding prizes to the best shots in various classes. The association passed successfully through its early difficulties, and met with a considerable amount of public favour and support ; but as is the case in too many other in- stances, the interest taken in the under- taking began to flag after a time. The enthusiasts, having probably achieved fame, became more alive to the various discomforts and inconveniences which attended the active prosecution of what was once an absorbing pastime- discom- forts and inconveniences which passed unnoticed while the novelty lasted. Lately, however, a great effort has been made to put matters on a better footing, and to excite a renewed in- terest in connexion with the objects for which the association was formed. We find by the council's report for 1871 that the sum annually granted by Parliament (£300) " amounts to " ODly about Is. 6d. per man, " taking the strength of the force into " consideration." It appears that, in- cluding this grant and the GOVERNOR'S liberal donation of £20, the regular annual income of the association does not exceed £380, of which £300 is swal- lowed up in current and match expenses. The remaining £80, together with the entries of the general meetings, amount- ing to about £280, is all that the council have to distribute as prizes, whereas they informed the Treasurer that in their opinion it would be no use holding an annual contest unless they have £500 at their disposal for this purpose. It was explained that those volunteers "who intended to compete were put to consi- derable expense as well as trouble, and that they could not be expected to make great efforts to attain excellence unless the prizes were worth competing for. The deputation furthermore pointed out that in New Zealand, with only 2,000 volunteers, the Government grant was £800, whereas only three-eighths of that amount was given to double the number in Victoria. Mr. BEERY en- deavoured to justify the discrepancy on the ground that in New Zealand the enemy was ever at the door ; but while haggling over a few hundreds for a really useful and patriotic purpose, did ho consider how soon an enemy worse than the Maori may make his appear- ance at our door also 1 It would appear not, for he stated at a later period that it was his intention to make certain reduc- tions in our already inadequate defence force. The time may come when we shall bitterly repent the insane policy which leads us to starve our defensive prepara- tions while lavishing thousands on far less useful objects. Mr. BEKRY, how- ever, went so far as to verbally recognise " the importance of' making the volun " teers efficient in the use of their " weapons," and we trust the Victorian Rifle Association may not find that the recognition is intended to end in words only. In accordance with the intimation, con- tained in yesterday's Argus, Mr. Robert Walsh was yesterday appointed Attorney General and took the oath and bis seat as a member of the Executive Council. The writ for the election of a member of tho Legislative Assembly for Ballarat East, in the place of the hon. gentleman, will be issued on Satur- day next. We are informed that Mr. Whiteman has not yet accepted the office of Postmaster General. A Cabinet meoting was hold yesterday, and for a short time the members of the Ministry were busily engaged in preparing measures lor presentation to Parliament. With regard to what we mentioned yester. day concerning the Civil Service Commission, tve anderstand that the commission held a meeting yesterday to consider the subject of adjournment. Mr, Berry, the Treasurer, was amongst those prcsont, and, after some con- versation, it was resolved that, in view of the fact that Mr. Berry would not be able to attend the meetings of the commission in con- fluence of bis official duties, and also in con- sideration of the improbability that Parlia. ment would legislate on the subject during the prosent session, the sittings of the com. mission should be adjourned till the next Parliamentary recess. At the same time the understanding was distinctly arrived at that at that time the commissioners should give their uninterrupted attention to the task before them with tho view of bnnging up a report at an early date. A deputation of farmers and others in the districts of Kyneton and Lancefield had an interview yesterday with the socretary of Rail- ways (Mr. Steavenson), in the absence of the Commissioner, with referenco to the increase which had been made in tho charge"for carry- ing potatoes' from Woodend to Sandhurst | Mr. M'Kenna, M.L.A., and Mr. King1 M.L.A., introduced the deputation. It was pointed out by the deputation that potatoes had recently been placed in the first class of goods, the result being that the charge per ton from Woodend to Sand- hurst had beon raised by 3s. lOd. and from Kyneton to Sandhurst by 2s. lOd. per ton. It was shown that at Lancefield it cost 8s. per ton for digging potatoes and 6s. por ton for con- veying them to the station. The bags, which had to be given in to the purchasers, cost (is. per ton, and thoTailway charge to Sandhurst under the old rato was £1 2s. 0d" making the total outlay incurred in getting the prpdnce to Sandhurst £2 10s. Od. per ton. The price usually obtained at Sandhurst was only £2 IBs. per ton, so that even before the new arrangement only a very small margin of profit was left. The deputa- tion therefore asked that the charges should bo at least reduced to the former rato. Mr. Steavenson said the matter belonged moro to the traffic department than to his, upon which Mr. Fehon, who was present daring the in- terview, stated that he had had a conversa- tion on the subjoct with the Commissioner, who was disposed to regard the application favourably. After some conversation, it was promised that the representations of the de- putation should be laid before the Commis- sioner, and that his decision should bs com. municated in writing. The business in the Supreme Court during the present term has been much heavier than was anticipated at tho commencement. The Court has been sitting till close on 5 .o'clock each day, but it would almost seom that for evory case disposed of two aro added fco the list. To-morrow is the last day of term, and there aro yet 25 cases to be decided, some of them veryvimportant,' and involving points which must necessarily be discussed at length if a satisfactory decision is to be given. It will hardly be possible to extend the term over Saturday, for on that day the Chief Jus. vice's leave of absence will commence, and early in the following week the Circuit Courts begin, It -will not, therefore, bo a matter of surpriso if some of tho cases will have to stand over till next term, a circumstance that has not occurred for several years, but which must bo cheering to the legal profession as indicating possibly that the depression in their business has passed its worst stage. In the Supremo Court yesterday a decision was given in Fisher v. he Adelaide Marine lima ance Company, as to the meaning of the words " at sea," in a policy of insurance on a ship. Mr. A. G, Fisher had insured the brig Sarah with the defendants, but as the policy was about to expire wished it extended, Tho vessel was then lying in the Cla renee River. New South Wales. The looa secrotary agreed to extend the policy to the voyage from Grafton to Melbourno (Grafton being situate on the Clarenco River and 45 miles from the sea), and gave a cover note to that effect. The cover note contained the words "vessel being at sea." She was admittedly at that time insido the bar of the Clarence River, although she had loft Grafton several days before Tho point discussed was whother she could be said to be "atsea" when she was actually in the river. The Court was of opinion that the policy meant to cover tho voyage from one port (Grafton) to another (Melbourne), and that tho vessel was "at sea" when she left Grafton, and therefore gave judgmentfor the plaintiff. In the case of Rowe v. Hie Board of Land and Works, a rule was sought to reduce da mages by £4410s. The plaintiffs wore owners of a mine, and sued the defendants for inju- ries to their property by the bursting of a re- servoir near Castlemaine, which belonged to the Government. The jury, in estimating their damages, allowed £44 16s. for repairs to a private road. The Court held that the amount could bo recovered, and decided in favour of plaintiffs. The appellate jurisdiction of the Bourke General Sessions was continued yesterday in the County Court. The principal matter before the Court had reference to the amount of costs to be fixed in respect of the appeal of Wright v. Gall and others, and in reference to it the chairman (Judge Pohlman) said he would adjourn tho court until the next day, so that his .registrar (Mr. J. Stephen) should have time to compute tho roper nmount of costs. Tho appeal case ot Dixon v. Dixon was orderod to stand over to the next sessions, and in Schcmmel v. Call and others, in which tho city magistrates had made two heavy pecu- niary convictions against Schemmel, tho sentences were respited until the next sessions, pending the judgment of the Supreme Court in banco on some points reserved. The Court then adjourned until the next morning. When the business of the General Sessions had closed yesterday, and tho court was about to adjourn, Mr. J. H. Dunne, on be- half of himself and the members prac- tising at Quarter Sessions, expressed to his Honour the Chairman the pleasure they felt in being aware that his Honour had been temporarily promoted to the Bench of tho Supreme Court, and he said ho wished further to state the gratification he had always felt in addressing the court over which his Honour presided. He could do so the more readily because», after having for a long period practised in his Honour's court, he could say that he had always expe rienced the greatest courtesy from his Honour, who, at the same time, had displayed the greatest ability as chairman of the court. Air, Dunne further said that he had tbo authority of his brother barristers for the remarks which ho bad mado. Mr. Justice Pohlman, in reply, said it gave him much pleasure to receivo the assurances of esteom from Mr. Dunno on behalf of the bar. His absence from the court would, however, only be of a temporary character, for his Honour tho Chief Justice was only retiring for a short period to recruit his health ; ana, as far as ho (Mr, Justice Pohlman) was concerned, he trusted, for the sako of the Chief Justice, that his absence would not be long. In reciprocating tho remarks made to him on behalf of the bar, ho wished to say that in any judgment he had given he had always been assisted consider- ably by the learning of the barana the autho- rities which they laid before him during tho discussion of the cases. The Pilot Board was occupied during the groater part of yesterday with an inquiry into the cause of the stranding of the schooner Isa in Corio Boy, on tho 4th Juno last. The cargo only was insured, and it was alleged against the master that the vessel got aground in consequence of his wilful negligence in piling up too much deck cargo. After tho examina- tion of five or six witnesses, however, tho board determined that the charge of wilful negligence against the master had not beon sustained. The board also gave its decision on the grounding of the barquo Formosa on tho Pope's Eye shoal, which was to the effect that the accident arose from tho main-piece of the rudder being sprung, and that no blamo was attributable to the master. An inquiry will be commenced at half-post 9 o'clock this morning into tho cause of tho grounding of tho Caroline at Belfast. Mr. Ii. L, Smith, M.L.A., who was instru. mental in obtaining sites from tho Crown for tho purpose of the Old Colonists' and Decayed Actors' Associations some time back, waited upon the Ministor of Lands yesterday, with tho view of asking his permission for the ap- pointment of trustees in whom to vest tho land. Mr. Grant placed no difficulty in the way, and the requisite steps to confirm the associations' title to the ground will be taken without delny. . We are requested to contradict the state- ment, made by the London correspondent of a contemporary, that Mr. Thompson has boon compelled to ccaso his connoxion with tho National Gallery, in consequonco of tho discourtesy of tho newly-appointed trustees. The appointment of Messrs. Ruskin and Herbert as successors to Sir Charles Eastlake was made through motives of regard for tho public interest, as it is reasonably presumed that the judgment of first-rate artists and art critics will bo of some valuo. As to the most satisfactory expenditure of the public monoy in the purchaso of pictures, Mr. Thompson has been treated with every courtesy by tho trustees-as can bo seen by reference to printed correspondence ancnt the appoint- ment of Messrs. Ruskin and Horbert, pub- lished in tho official report of the Nationa Gallery Committee- and the trustees havo received no intimation of his resignation We subjoin a criticism from The Times of the 15th May upon the pioture, "Mo tnorics of the First Palm Sunday," purchased by Mr. Herbert:-"An impressive picture (594), by Miss Emily Courtauld, hung on tho lino in Boom VII, with the title, ' Memories of the First Palm Sunday : on the Path from Bethany to Jerusalem, ' shows us the palms, strewed in joy by the women who wolcomed Christ's entry into the Holy City, gathered in bitterness by those who sorrow for His death. Wo remember to have seen former pictures by this ladyoxhibited at the academy, which we noticed at the timo as tho work of a man. There is nothing in this picture that betrays the weakness or imperfect study which male critics are apt to look for as the all but insurmountable defects of women's work. As in Miss Courtauld's former pictures, tho time is evening, and the dying daylight deepens the mournful effect of the veiled figures and their employment. The worst thing in thepicturo is the toylike architecture of Jerusalem in the back ground. In all but this-and it is quite a secondary point the execution is as careful and complete as tho conception is gravely pathotic. When wo remember the many sensation pictures of similar subjects by men, wo feel that hearty recognition is due of tho earnest and sympathetic spirit in which Miss Courtauld has conceived and treated the subject." Tho Illustrated London News also speaks highly of the work. - As a contribution to our colonial know led go of the various kinds of rifles which aro at the present time competing for adoption by the military authorities, Mr. J. W. Roster, of CC Elizabeth-streot, has imported a Westley Richards patent rifle, which is regarded by many as the most formidable competitor of the Martini-Henry, and by somo as the supe- rior weapon. The rifle much resembles tho Martini-Henry in external appearance and general construction, and differs only in the lock and slightly in the breech-loading arrangement. Mr. Rosier will willingly show the various specimen rifles to any persons interested in tho subject. The Flemington hounds mot yesterday afternoon [at the Racecourse gate, between 20 and 30 of the regular followers being present. After crossing the river at the Abattoirs bridge they threw off to the right of tho Braybrook Hotel, and had a most ex- citing run over about IO miles of very stiff country. Some 30 odd walls and fonces wero jumped, and a large proportion of the field wont straight from start to finish. A meet- ing of those interested in forming the Flem- ington club will bo held at tho Victoria Hotel, Bonrko-street oast, this afternoon, at 4 o'clock. A deputation from the official assignees of Melbourne waited yesterday on the Solicitor-' General. They pointed out that there was now comparatively but little work for tho present assignees to do, and requested that no additional assignees might be appointed. Mr. Spensley promised to givo the mattor his favourable consideration. There was an interesting musical rehearsal at the Town-hall yesterday by several boys of the Blind Asylum. It is the policy of the managers of that institution to object to pub- lic appearances on the part of the leading musicalperformors among the blind children; but an exception has been made in favour of the soirée and concert to be given to-night at the Town hall in aid of the choir and organ fund of St. John's Church, The boys played several difficult pieces on the piano and organ, and their execution was, if only in a mechanical sense, of a high order of merit, The half-yearly meeting of tho Masonic ball Company, appointed to talco place lost evening, was postponed for a week on ac- count of tho wet weather. A report, which is regarded as satisfactory, was to be pre- sented. Tho charge which had been preferred against Wm. Lang, of converting to his own use a bill of exchange of which he was bailee, belonging to Arthur Oliver, was yes terday withdrawn. Mr. Gronnan appeared at the City Court, and said that the charge had been withdrawn. Mr. Stewart, for the defence, said that he was no party to the withdrawal, as ho had evidenco to disprove tho charge, which was a serious one, but he 'could not object to tho withdrawal. He aaked for costs, but the Bench said they had no power to grant any. Tho defendant, who was brought up on summons, was discharged. No evidence has been given in the case. Another case of brutal assault on a child carno before the Emerald-hill Police Court yesterday, when a man named Patrick Murtha, who appeared to bo about 15 years of ago, was charged on warrant with a criminal assault upon a child named Christina M'Ivor, aged five years and five months. Tho prisoner who is an extremely repulsive-looking man, was lodging in the house of Angus M'Ivor, a mariner residing in Grant-street, Emerald hill, upon whose child the alleged assault was 'committed. A struggle took place betweon M'Ivor and tho accused, when the offenco was discovered, in which the prisoner drow a clasp-knife from his pocket, and would havo stabbed M'Ivor but for a warning given by a 'person who was in the room. Mur tua waa arrested, and after being cautioned by the constable, made the admission that he would dtsorvo what ho got, " that ho was an old fool," and a man of his ago should not havo anything to do with children. The prisoner reserved his defenco, and was committed for trial at the next Criminal Sessions. Yesterday afternoon, about 3 o'clock, a restive horse, driven in a spring-cart by an old man, who had evidently boon taking somotbing to keep out tho cold, bolted when crossing tho channel opposite tho Post-office. The horse went up Bourke-street at a great pace, and when opposite the Albion Hotel ran into a hansom cab that was drawing up at the bridgo at tho door of tho hotel. The shock was so great that the axle and both wheels were separated from the body of tho hansom, and tho spring cart was thrown upsido down, the driver coming on his faco on the road, but strange to Bay, though considerably disfi- gured, he was not much hurt. Tho cabman' seeing tho collision was inovitablo, had jumped from the seat just in time to save himself from a nasty accident. There wns a boy in the cab at the^timo, but ho was not injured in tho slightest degreo. The -driver of the spring-cait is named Whitesides. Ho is said to be a general dealer at Emerald hill. The usual weekly meeting of ' the Com. mittee of Management of the Alfred Hospital met yesterday afternoon in tho boardroom. There were present-Messrs. James Ser- vice (in the chair), Rolfe, Fraser, Nimmo, Benjamin, O'Brien, Curtis, and Robertson The report of the Finance Committee, stating that the amount received for the month of Jane amounted to £622 14s. Gd., was adopted. Tbo secretary reported the state of the house' to bo as follows :?-Ro mained from last week, 30 ; admitted since, 0; discharged, C; died, 1; remaining, 38; number of out-pationts treated during tho week, 110 ; casualties, 19. The secretary was instructed to draw the attention of tho medical staff to clause 9 of tho medical byo laws. Tho chairman of, tho Bazaar Com- mittee reported that mooting» of ladies had been held at Emerald-hill, East St. Kilda, Prahran, and Brighton. Others were sum- moned in various localities. In overy place there had been a very warm promise of sup- port. A meeting of the delegates of tho various bonefit societies had beon appointed to meet tho Hon. Mr. Rolfo on Friday evening next, to ni uko arrangements with regard to tho bazaar. A meeting of ladies residing in Prahran took placo at tho Alfred Hospital yesterday afternoon) when it was resolved that ono stall should be opened at tbo forthcoming bazaar in aid of the-hospital funds by tho lady residents of Prahran. A rather strange case was heard on Tuesday, before the Castlemaine Police-court. In it, the defendant, John K. Wait, was accused of feloniously embezzling and secreting a letter, sent by post. The case, as stated for the pro- secution, was as follows :—Wait was post- master at Sutton Grange, and was also a schoolmaster. He failed to pass as a certifi- cated teacher, and in consequence his salary was stopped by the Board of Education. A letter notifying this was sent to the corre- spondent of the school, Mr. Jamieson, but was not received. Another letter was sent, drawing attention to the fact that the former letter had not been acknowledged, and a third was sent to inquire how it was that Mr. Wait's services were continued. These letters also receiving no acknowledgement, inquiries were made, and the result was that Wait admitted having taken and destroyed them, as they passed through his hands. Evidence to sub- stantiate this charge being taken, the prisoner reserved his defence, and was committed for trial at the Circuit Court. 'A curious accident happened yesterday afternoon, in Queon-street, to a young mau of 25, named William Littlo, who, while passing through an archway noar Joseph Wobster and Co.'s store, off Queen-street, on a dray, had his back crushed. He was ad- mitted to the hospital.' Tho Medical Society of Victoria held their ordinary monthly meeting last night, in the hall of the Royal Society ; Professor Halford, tho president, in the chair. Tho president rcpoi ted the recoipt of an acknowledgement of the letter of condolence forwarded to Mrs. D. J. Thomas. Mr. Avenfc, of the Lying- in Hospital, exhibited a caso of congenital tumour of tho breast in a child six weeks old. The tumour meosurod 17 inches in it! largest circumferonce. The honorary secro. tary read a letter from the Pharmaceutical Society, accompanied by a copy of the amended draft of the proposod Pharmacy BUL The letter and bill were referred to tho committee previously appointed to confor with tho Pharmaceutical Society. Dr. Neild presented a number of periodicals for the use of the society. Dr. Rees, of the Alfred Hospital, read a case of poisoning by chloroform. Dr. Day, of Geelong, read a paper on the use of the peróxido of hydrogen as an antiseptic in arresting the spread of smallpox. Dr. Day illustrated his paper by numerous interesting , experiments, showing the action of peroxide of hydrogen upon pus under various condi- tions, A discussion followed, and the thanks of the meeting were very cordially given to Dr. Day for his paper. Dr, William Smith read the report of the ovarian tumour exhibited by Dr. Rees at the last meeting of tho society, and exhibited another tumour of a similar character. In the course of the re- marks offered by Dr. Day, he oxpressed his belief that the poison of smallpox might be conveyed by means of a letter, and exhibited a process of disinfection which he urged should always bo used upon lotters received from districts in which smallpox prevailed. As this disease is just now alarmingly active in several parts of the world with which this colony is in regular correspondence, the use of Dr. Day's precautionary measures com- mends itself somewhat pointedly to our at tention. The eleventh annual report of the Board of Education of Queensland-a copy of which we have just received-furnishes some ex- ceedingly interesting information respecting the working of the system of free education îecently adopted in that colony. For the lost l8 months tho entire cost of instruction has been borne by tho state, all school fees having been abolished on and after January 1,1870. It is satisfactory to find that, on the wholo, the board are of opinion that the effect of the change has been decidedly beneficial. They frankly admit that it has not removed all the old difficulties which had to bo en- countered, and is even responsible for tho creation of somo new ones, which were not likely to be very easily or speedily overcome ; but they aro decidedly of opinion that the balance between the good and tho ovil result- ing from the new system is cortainly on the right side. Among the conspicuously bono ficial consequences of the change, the largo increase in the number of children brought within school influence is specially in- stanced. The rolls for 1870 include the names of 10,227 children, while the re. turn for 1809 showed only 11,087. An addition of 5,140 children in ono year to tho number already attending the schools is rightly considorcd a cause of real congratula- tion, especially if the supposition that by far the greater portion of tho increase may bo regarded as composed of childron who under the former systom would been without in. struction be correct. Anothor benefit attri- butable to the system consists in the fact that greater efforts are now mado towards tho establishment of new schools, especially in those parts of tho colony whore hitherto tbo educational wants of the com- munity havo boon but littlo attended to. In 1809 there wero 89 school departments iu operation. At the close of 1870 theso had swelled to 111, thetgreatest provioua increase having been from 73 to 89, in the preceding year. The number of schools vested in the board, or, in othor words, tho number of school buildings which are now the property of tbo country, increased during the year from G1 to OS, and their value from £12,013 to £46,245' In 1869 it was estimated that about one-tenth part of tho population of the colony spent a portion of their time in the primary schools. It is considered that tho numhor of childron on the I rolls during 1870 comprised nearly one-seventh of the entire population. In 1809, the Parliamentary vote for education was £18,000, but the provision made by tho Legislature for tho succeeding year was £27,000, the total expenditure being £20,868. Tho total number of teachers and pupil- teachers employed last year was 22G, and the amount paid for school salaries, including compensation for the loss of school fees, was £19,016. Tho demand for teachers is still considerably in excess of tho supply, and tho advisability of adopting means to secure the systematic training of joung persons for the profession of teachor is seriously considered by the board. Tho Normal School, Brisbane, does not at pro sont contain the requisite accommodation and appliances for a regular courso of teachors' education, but it is in contemplation to com- pletely developo this establishment, should such a proposal receive the countenance and support of the Legislature. It is interesting to note that many of tho most oarnost and con- scientious of the teachers have addressed a spontaneous and almost unanimous appeal to the board in favour of compulsory education, which they appear to rogard as tho only means of securing regularity in the attendance of scholars. . . The following amusing paragraph concern- ing a moving spectacle is from tho Pall Mall Gazette :-" Wo loam from the Ncio York Herald that Mr. A. H. Laffin has beon iu stalled as naval officer of tho port at tho Custoin-bouso at New York, in the placo of Mr. Moses H. Grinnell, and an affecting account is given by the Herald of the scone which took place on tho occasion of Mr. Laffln's installation on tho 17th ult. Mr. Grinnell, it scorns, was fully prepared for the appearanco of Mr. Laffin, aud had mado arrangements accordingly. Ho had just re- plied with much emotion to a farowoll address from the clerks, wbon Mr. Laffin entered and 'shook hands with the good' humoured old gentleman.' Mr. Grinnell thon put on his hat, and, ' bowing right and loft, shook the dust of the custom-house from his fcot, and left. He was soon turning the corner of Nassau-street shortly af tor with an elastic step and an elated look, and heading for home. After his departuro, Mr. Laffin threw himself into tho yet warm seat of tho late incumbent of the offico, and fell to work at once, ongaging with groat spirit an I anecdotal and conversational country | visitor.' lu tho meantime the clerks are described as being far from comfortable in their minds. ' They, poor fellows,' ran their fingers through their hair, spattorod ink on their shirt-fronts, and looked con- siderably off (political) colour. As long as Mr. Grinnell remained they woro sure of re- taining their places, as they understand thoir business, are attentive to their duties, and industrious ; but now they know not what a day may bring forth.' It is to bo feared that tho clerks in our own public offices, who never know what reorganisations or reductions a day may bring forth, are also beginning to watch each variation of tho morcury in tho political barometer with moro interest than thoy feel in tho business of their respectivo departments." " People in England," thinks the Pall Mall Gazette, "aro very apt to overrate the im- portance of tho so-called ' Düllinger move- ment ' in Germany. There is no doubt that to a certain numbor of Catholics there the matter is of some moment ; but oven that number is but small, comparatively speaking. Tho rest of tho educated classes in Germany take about as much interest in it as they do in most matters appertaining to the Church militant. They look on with a certain languid wonderment, not much caring which side may issue victorious. The ira lional Zeitung of Berlin has somo very charac- teristic remarks on the subject. ' We havo no reason, ' it soys, ' to take tip a hostile posi- tion with regard to the Catholio Church, or to wish her destruction ; but wo aro also too foreign to any of the movomonts within hor palo to be ablo to back any ono of them. Wo cannot get up any ardour for a church which makes the laicus laceal in ccclesia one of hor primary dogmas. Whether tho "Old Ca- tholics" hold by an infallible Episcopate, or tho "New Catholics" by an infallible Pope, is very much the samo to us. Theoretically, tho infallible Episcopate may become as dangerous to the stato as tho Pope ; practically-as wo readily grant tho anti-Infallibilists-there is moro dangor to bo apprehended from an in- fallible Pope. But we think things have now assumed such a shape for the German peoplo that the Popo may really say what he listoth He may, if ho chooses, confound a few minds that just want to bo confounded, but he will not hurt tho development of our state affairs. Wo think, therefore, we maygladly leave him his infallibility. What is more, we do not even believe in the durability of this move- ment. Thu JSccksia regnans-the clergy-is, with infinitesimal exceptions, utterly subjocl to the Pope, and the lay element-the Ecclesia serviens-will not cease to consider itself as such, whatever may be said about it. And this alone could impart any real meaning to the present movement. Wo shall therefore confine ourselves, as hitherto, to the com- munication of the documents pro and contra without leaving our neutral position one way or the other. Wo know our readers too well to try to inspire them with onthusiasm for Döllinger or Schulze, whom we have never looked upon as Paladins and Knights of tho Holy Ghost." " The Liberté of Brussels has published a re. markable article on the part played by the bourgeoisie since 1789. The following are ex- tracts from it ¡-"After reigning 80 years, tho bourgeoisie is exhausted. There remains to it neither an institution, nor an idea, nor a man. Wo know this since tho 2nd of Decem her, but tho fresh proof is convincing. Of all that the bourgeoisie has created nothing can last, because nothing has vitality in itself. It is enough that the poor be armed or the army be wanting in discipline for tho edifice to crumble at once. There is no principle of resistance in tho bourgeoisie itself; its individual egotism has rendered it so unsocial that it is not even one body. It collects only to entrust others with its de- fence. What would become of it in Germany if a feudal Emperor did not protect it? Where would it be in France at tho end of two wcoks if Charette and Cathelineau had not flown to its assistance? La Vendée protecting '89 is '89 apostatising and abdicating. And, indeed, what can como out of the present crisis but the old monarchical, religious, and feudal society, or revolutionary socialism ? Between these two worlds tho bourgeoisie has not even found a place to die worthily. While its destinies aro accomplished it holds aloof or utters miserable calumnies in its journals against its conquerors. History has nothing to compare with this fall. Feudality perished nobly in its crusades, and was extinguished on tho sepulchre of its God.The mo- narchical nobility died heroically on tho scaffold ; but before it fell it had the night of tho 4th of August-a wondrous testament, in which shone tho greatness of its soul and its appreciation of tho new time coming. It was. in short, the nobles who took tho bourgeoisie by the hand to initiate it into the world it wished to govern. What would tho first middle-class Assemblies havo been without tho nobility from M. de Mirabeau to M. de Robespierre ?" There was a successful performance of "Elue" at tho Theatre Royal last evening. The skilfully-contrived scone of tho attempted assassination at the Cherry Tree Inn, which is startlingly real, was very much applauded. The illusion of the mask is perfect, and it would be impossible to decido from tho boxes which figuro is Bob and which that of tho rool criminal. The drama will bo repeated during the woek. The principal attraction of Mr. Hussoy's minstrel troupe at St. Goorgo's-hall continuos to bo tho travestie of "La Sonnambula." Some of Bollini's music has boon interwovon with tho nigger melodiös, and the whole is now givon with a degree of skill which fur- nishes a very agreeable entertainment. Mr. and Mrs, T. P. Hill gavo thoir third and lost series of readings last night, in tho upper room at the Town-hall. They woro well receivod, but the inclomont weathor materially interfered with tho attendance. The spoech of Mr. Graham Berry at Goolong has been published in a pamphlot form by Messrs. Stillwell and Knight, of Collins street, It was Messrs. Frank Robbins and Son, and not Mr. G. W. Hobbins, who woro the success- ful tenderers for raising tho ship Mary Shop herd. The Melbourno hounds moot noxtSatarday at the Werribee, at IO a.m. An express train with horso-boxc8 attached will leave the Spencer-Btreet station at 9 a.m. Tho now common school erected at Heidel- berg by the Horn an Catholic body was pub licly opened on Monday last, by the Rov. W. M. Finn. Tho cost of tho structure has amounted to £C0O. A meeting of the British and Foreign Biblo Society will bo held at tho Assembly-hall, Collins-street, this ovening, to welcome tho Kov. Benjamin Baokhouso, tho recently ap- pointed ogent of the Paront Society to tho Australian branches. The prize cups to be awarded to the best specimens in the various classos at the forth- coming Canary and Pigeon Society's show, to be bold on tho 13th, 14th, and 15th inst., wcio exhibited on Monday in Messrs. Law, Sumner, and Co.'s establishment, in Swans- ton-street. Tho two cups given by thosocioty are very olegant in design. Those, with tho cups presontcd by the presidont, Mr. G. P. Masterman, and Mr. Young, wore manufac- tured by Mr. H. J. Young, jowellor, Stephen street, and aro very creditable specimens of colonial workmanship. . Tho monthly meeÜDg of tho Third Victoria Building Society was held last evening, at their offices, 3 Elizaboth-stroot, Mr. G. W. Rusden in tho chair, who announced tho month's receipts to bo £10,203 15s. lOd. Forty-tlirco and a half sharos wero sold at nominal premiums, and 133} shares woro balloted. Tho following gontlomen woro elected without opposition as officers of tho society for tho ensuing yoar, viz. :-Presidont, - Mr. G. W. RuBdon ; treasurer, Mr. T. Moa bray. Committee-Messrs. Alston, Browning, Callaghan, Finn, Hamman, Hood, Lawrence, Mason, and M'Cluro. Stewards-Messrs, Terry and Inglis. Oalignani says that M. Emilo Ollivior, of whom nothing baa been beard for some timo past, is now residing at Turin, 