Remarkable Places I Visited in the Old Country. [BÏ A RETURNED COLONIST.] SHAKESPEARE'S HOUSE. BEING at Birmingham, it seemed the most natural thing in the world for an Australian sight-seer to turn aside from the practical every-day and hard ware view of things to the home-place* of William Shakespeare. Quite uninspired by the poetical, and engaged in the realities of business, it is not to be expected that our approach to Stratford-on-Avon was attended by reflections such as those supposed to be indulged by literary men possessed by the exalted afflatus to be afterwards poured out for the edification of magazine readers, on the contrary, we hadtto "do Stratford-on-Avon," and we "did it" without being carried away by any extraordinary sentimentality on tho subject, and without tho ability to feign that " we did not feel." 'Ihe little borough of Stratford-on-Avon stands on the right hand o the river. The houses arc mostly of modern build, anc except the attraction of tht house, the town would scarcely prove attractive; but here swarm people from all parts of the earth people of all nations, climes, and tongue find their way to Stratford, and perform a pleasant pilgrimage, in honour of England's great dramatic writer. Stratford has celebrated centenary, and haB even passed ter centenary in honour of Shakespeare. Stratford is ready and willing to cele brate to any extent, and profits thereby. It destroys all the poetry and romance of these English visits when we find it an affair of six pences, and ourselves in cus tody of showmen with a cut and dried story hashed up to suit popular ideas. À considerable part of what is commonly received about Shakespeare is mere tradition. An octogenarian parish-olerk vaguely re membered something about the poet's boyhood or fancied that he did ; a few worn-out players, hard pressed for in formation, may have recol lected Bomothing and im agined more. The proofs of authenticity resolve itself into "it was said;" and anonymous authorities have been relied on by grave historians, who have woven from these slender materials a biographical garment for the bard. It ia said that he was horn upon St, George's Daj that his father was a wool- eomber and a glover that the boy was sent for his eduoation to th Grammar Sohool of his native place ; that ho we withdrawn at an early age, before he had attaine much Latin or Greek; that his father-then butoher-allowed him to assist in the slaughter-hous and that he would make an heroic speech befor killing a calf. It is said that he subsequent!; became an attorney's olerk, and after that a school mast«; and that in the meantime he had fallen ii love with a lady at Shottery-a lady eight yean older than himself-to whom he got married It is said tbat he fell into bad com pany, and on a moonlight night wen poaching on the estate of Sir Thomas Lucy that he stole a fat buck-wanting a venison haunol for his wedding dinner ; that Sir Thomas was indig nant and suspicious, and would have sot Will in thi stocks; that the future poet scrawled some lines not in the least degree suggestive of poetic ability and tramped to London. It is said that in Londoi he contrived to subsist by holding the horses of the gallants who came to the theatres ; that they were delighted with tho good humour and ready wit o: the Warwickshire lad, and that few would resigr their steeds into any other hands but his ; so thal ho found it to his profit to employ three or foul lads to assist him in the business-lads who shouted, " I'm Will Shakespeare's boy, your highness ;" anc so made quite a monopoly of the affair. It is said that he got friendly with tho players-tho men ol shorn faces and shabby Buits, who hung about th« stage-door-and was sometimes employed to touch up the indifferent works of modioöre dramatists, tc write "tags," and occasionally throw in a sensation scene. It is said that, encouraged by success in thit humble department of art, he wrote a play on his own account-perhaps " Titus Andronicus," perhaps "Love's Labour Lost;" that it succeeded, and the manager was satisfied ; was ready to produce another, and another, and another, until Will became a rich man. It is said he was never a great actor, his highest achievement on tho boards being the Ghost in " Hamlet." All the dramatists- such is the penalty of getting on in the world-set their faces against him ; but the Oourt patronized him. Queen Elizabeth went behind the scenes to talk to him. He enjoyed the patronage of her successor, King James I. It is said he was worth a thousand a year ; that ho had a lino houBe at Stratford-on Avon ; and that when he died, at tho age of fifty íwo, ho loft some very respectable legacies. .But it is not known exaotly when ho was born, no* whero he went to sohool, nor how he was ocoupied on leaving school, nor whether he ever stole a deer, nor whether Sir Thomas Lucy had any dear to steal, nor why he went to London, nor what ho did when he got to London, nor how it was that he joined tho players, nor when ; nor what woro the circumstances uudor which he produced his first play, nor what that play was. It ia not known with any certainty when, nor how, nor how often he saw Queen Elizabeth ; nor what was his average income, morjwhon he wrote his last play, nor what that play waa; and, as a climax, it has been gravely asserted that 'this much praised and sometimes abusod Shnkospearo mover wroto a play-that ho purloined them randy written, and that such a person never existed. How ever, amidst all that the critics have written, people flock to Stratford to look at tho recently-restored house. "We nre at Stratford to soe tho house, and our six pence is paid. Here is the chamber wheie the Bard did his "mewling and puking," and all over, around and about, visitors of every degree have scrawled their names. The museum is to be seen for an addi tional sixpence, and sceptical folks may bo exoused for doubting the genuineness of tho relics. " Did Shakespeare smoke ?" We present the question as a topio for debating-classes. We find pipes in the museum looking suspiciously modern ; but no mat ter. We hio to the Faleon, where William is said to have smoked divers pipes in the oak-panelled par lour. ^ Hence to the Bed Horse, where we are treated to a sight ot the identical poker with whioh Wash ington Irving poked the fir«, perhaps in a spirit of indignation caused by the tardiness of waiters, or possibly as a vent to his feelings roused by the mer cenary tendenoies of the Bard's degenerate towns men. The poker is a relic of value to its fortunate owner ; and, like Ann Hathaway's Cottage and Lud SJIAKESI'EAUE'S HOUSE, STKATrOUD-ON-AVOX. dington Church, is a property in moro senses than one. Âs regards the professional life of William Shake speare, we undoubtedly know that he took part in theatrical performances, which, in some respects, however, differed widely from those ,of the present i day in tho mode of representation. In 1589 he had j a share in the ownership of Blackfriars' Theatre. In i 1593 he dedicated his poem of " Venus and Adonis" to Lord Southampton. In 1598 he was one of the principal actors in Jonson's "Every Man in his Humour." When the city authorities .proposed pulling down Blackfriars Theatre, which they regarded as a nuisance, it was noted-" W. Shake speare aaketh for the wardrobe and properties of the same playhouse, £500." We know that in money affairs he prospered. He was able to buy a house and considerable estate, lived ' handsomely, loaned money, and brought an action- being a shrewd business mau-against Philip Koger, for £115s lOd, " tb malt sold and delivered," as may be seen by a document in the Stratford Court of record. We know that Mr. Nason was his apothecary, and that Shakespeare died on the 23rd of April, 1616, and was buried in Stratford Church on the 25th of tho samo month. His will has been published several times, and its provisions show that he was well to do in the world. Stratford-on-Avon is now.a place of pilgrimage. From east and west, from north and south, the pilgrims come to this humble shrine-a shrine hallowed by genius. Here was born great Shakespeare ; here he spent his early life ; here, in this neighbourhood, he learnt to love ; here he returned when the fight for fame and fortune was over ; and here he dwelt in peace and honour. We are standing in the chancel of the Ohuroh ; tall elms wave before the pointed windows, and the Avon, which runs at a short distance from tho walls, keeps up a low, perpetual murmur. Tread lightly on this consecrated earth ; look reverently on this last rest ing- place of all that was mortal belonging to him. ESTABLISHMENT OP TOLL BARS.-By proclamations published in a supplement to tho Government Gazette, the following places are declared to be points where tolls shall be levied and collected on and after the 1st December, viz. :- A point about 54 chains east of bridge at Carcoar, on main road Bathurst to Cowra ; the sites of the toll-bars, respectively, at Bargo, Hang ing Rock, Wingello, and Towrang, on the Great Southern Road ; a point at foot of Cherry-tree Hill, about 42 1/2 miles from Bowenfels, on main road Waller awang to" Mudgee ; a point at foot of Dividing Range, about 14 miles from Bowonfels, on tho main road Wal lerawang to Mudgee ; a point at foot of Stony Pinch, about G6.t milos from Bowenfels, on the main road Wallerawang to Mudgee ; the Cowra bridge over the River Lachlan, at Cowra, now declared to be a public bridge ; tho bridge over tho Macquarie, at Dubbo, now doolarod to be a public bridge ; a point about 22 chains 15 links north of tho north end of Kangaroo Flat bridge, on tho main north road ; a point at about 20 chains west of "Old Woodstook Inn," on main road Bathurst to Cowra ; a paint one mile east of Doyle's Corner, Blayney, on main road Bathurst to Cowra. A now rato of tolls is to be collected at the Landsdowne, Narrcllan, and Picton toll-bars, on and after the 1st December ; and also at the Allandale toll-bar, and at the bridges over the Hunter at West Maitland and Pitnaoroo, and the bridge over tho Paterson at Dun more, on the 1st January, 1872. 