HOBART TOWN AND THE SOUTH. (From an occasio.nal Correspondet. Our new Mayor anl iAldermen have set, about their municaipal duties, nard the citizene have perfect confidence as'to the manaogonent of their affairs. Mr. Konnorley is "the right man in the right placo' as Mayor, and will not lower himself or, his chair- by beoins too cheap. i The .Tasmanian'l2imce, after a lingering illness,. you see has gone dead. ' Thbough nothling else was expected for a long time, people regret It now when it is too late. 'BAt, as the saying goes, that without two lawyers in a place there is scarcely bread for one, it is hoped that another paper will be started soon, if it were' only to keep the monopolist of the field up to theo mark. , , The revenue, it is understood, hasn't come up to the mark, and our bold Treasurer must seot hi wine to work how .to make both lends meet. But I don't believe things. are much wrong, and the deficiency of roeceipts is alleged to be owing to a delay in the arrival of. a sugar ship now eopected by our mercliants, Messrs. Crosby and Son. This delay, by the by, is unfortunate for our fruit growers who are disappointed of a market for their raspberries and small fruit, which it won't pay to make into jam at pro sent sugar prices. Are any of your farmers or merchants going to try the English market with their grain this aseon You will notice that the South Australians are on the alert in expec tation that they, will command paying prices there. The Launceston side -used to be the enterprising one; is all the enterprise buried at the "diggins I" We have had a carnival of gaiety lately, which would have left us all " done up," but for the Blanche, now lying in our harbor. Sailors are always welcome visitors at Hobart Town, and they must be very ungrateful if, when they go away, they complain of neglect. The Barclre is a fine vessel, and more modern in her equipment than any man-of war we have ever had here. Site is capable of great speed, and an enemy is in danger within four miles of her I As usual, visitors have gone on board the Blanche in crowds, and have been received with accustomed at tention by officers and men. As might be expected, thle Blanche helped our gala day forrtho Huon Regatta which she visited with a "select " company of passengers consisting of the elite recognised by the Go vernor and his lady. "All and sundries" went down on hoard the Oily of Hobart, which was more lively than pleasant before we returned to town The Premier and his col leagues, the Treasurer, Attorney-General, and Minister of Lands, were on board the "City," and not on the Blanche, which has occasioned a good deal of talk. Ofoourse the Opposition point to the incident as showing the respect which Mr. Du Cane feels for his Ministors: how different from what used to be when Sir Richard Dry was Promierl Mr.Du Cane would never have slighted him in snoh.oba way. The Ministers' friends, however, throw the blame on the Governor, who they say has not yet learned how to behave himself, but makes his own private tastes his role. You won't feel much interested about which view is the right one, but certainly the Ministerial friends' view is not very flattering' to Ministers-- that their society as gentlemen was more than Mr. Du Cane could put up with whbon he was'nt obliged to I It is amusing the gossip this trifling affair, has provoked, the ingenuity of the explanations given &e.; and at the end I believe tho truth is that Mr. Da Cane meant notihing at all but that he should enjoy himself just as he did when ihe ignored all your northern genlry excepting Archdeacon Roeibey. That the good folks hero have'nt much serious business to think over, you may guess wheon they occupy themselves much about such an aflair as I have last mentioned. The most intoresting.matter with the young folks is whether there is to be a ball to the officers of the Blanche, which is said to be doubtful. Gaieties are .alleged to be put off at Govern ment House till Sir James Fergusson returns theo.Ite visit ot our Governor and lady to South Australia. Perhaps they are entitled to credit for keeping quiet and restraining gaiety for worthier reasons. There are such things as Christmas bills, nod those are the compliments of the passing season, and they remind prudent fathers that it would be best to pay them off before incurring new ones. It is good to have Government House presided over by those who have consideration for the pockets of the old folks as well as for the en joyment of the young. The 111eroury of this morning has a letter from Father Dunne, the deputy of thoe Roman Catholie Bishop, who is still ".at home," in answer to one from Mr. Hunter, a leading member of the . communion and the brother of the late Archdeanon Hunter. Mr. Hunter thought that Father Dunne in commending the present religious condition, &c.;, of the Catholic children in the Queen's Orphan Schools. at the late distri bution of prizes, implied.some disparagement of their former condition under his brother, and he wrote to the paper saying so. The Father rejoins, to " Mr. Henry Hunter, of 91, Macquarie- street." You see what a com bustible people we are, even Catholic lay men not keeping their hands off their clergy. I must stop for the cricket match is on at present, and at noon will be the general at traction, when thle public offices, by the in dulgenco of the Executive, will be closed. WYhen is your REailwvay really to open I I expect that we shall learn a wrinkle or two from you before ours is .open; but I hope you can ,oieh success to otUs as well as yoars, though you don't exactly believe in it,. January 6, LoeNoeon Punolo SBnooL.-This shll ol has been removed to the promises at the riar of the Wesloyan : Chapol, Wollington-stro t4, Longford. The pupils will re.asebmblo ai:ur the vacation on Monday, 16th inst. Ams:nroAN ExoCELSon MtsIINs ELsTn-l-Tis troupe of minstrols will give entortainmentso at the Mechanics' Institute on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday next. EDUCATIONAL.-ThO following gentlemnon have boon appointed by the Board of Educa tion to conduct the first general examination for the classification and promotion of toochers : -The Chief Inspector of Schools, the Rov. Arthur Davenport, B.A., and the Rov. W. A. Brookel, B.A. The examination will bo hold on.Tuesday next and the following days, com moncing at 10 a.m. . MIDLAND 'AGRICULTURAL AsSOCIATIoN. The annual general mooting of this Association was held in Englobert's Hotel on Wednesday last, G. W. Keach, Esq., in the 'chair. J. Mlaclnachan, Esq., was re.oelected Secretary and Treasurer. The following committee was appointed for the ensuing year-Messrs. D. Taylor,. A. Leaonko, R. Pitt, James Gibson, J. Mercor, T. Parramoro, G. W. W. Keach, John Taylor, C. Loako;, T.' Gibson, and W. H. Gibson ; D. Taylor, Esq., 'to be Chairman. Cortain alterations were made in the rules, which will be found in our advertising columns. SUNDAY SCIOOL ANNIVERSARIES. - The Rev. J.. Harcourt will preach at Carrick to-mqrrow afternoon and, qvening. Collec tious to'bo made on' beh?alf of theo Wesloyan Sabbath SchOol. : A'tea-mneoting will'also bhe hoeldtlihere on Monday. _ To- morrow the Rev. T.; E. O.' LellI will preach in :the morning and the Rev. A. W. Grant in the afternoon at the Wesleyan Sabbath School; Butleigh Hill, Green Rises, where a tea.mooting will be held on Monday next. The Rev. C. A. Ogilvie will pircach, anniversary sermons in connection with the Dunorlan Sunday School to-morrow morning and afternoon. A tea. meeting will be held on Monday afternoon. " WATTLE 'BLossois."-We have received a copy of a little brochur,Je eotitled "Wattle Blossoms," a Christmas annual for 1870-1, containing a heaf of original stories and poems. It was published as a supplement to the Ballarat Evening .lail. It contains, besides the Editor's introductory remarks, throoe tales, one of which is an English ghost story, and in the other two the scenes are laid in Australia and Tasmania. - Several pieces of poetry nmake up a very readable pamphlet. STnE MissiNo'.A HAwEn,-An .inquest was held on Saturday last, at thp Lion Int, Je rusalom, before Winston C. Simmons,:Esq, coroner, and a jury, touching the death of John Allen, the hawker, who was missing from the distriot on the 11th February, 1864, an'd whose remains were recently found as mentioned in a previous issue. The jury re. turned a verdict of wilful murder by some person or persons unknown.-?dlercury. , BoARn or EnucArton.--Up till twelve o'clock on Thursday, there being no quorum no business was transacted. As there is con. siderable business [on the notice paper which requires to be transacted at an early date, a meeting will be held next Thursday, when among other matters the question of providing a teacher for the half-castes of the Furneoan Group will be taken into consideration. GaAND CRICKET MATou.-Tho Assoeiatior Cricket Ground on the Government Domain was on Thursday visited by a large concourse of people to witness a match between at eleven from H.M.S.S. Blanche and an equal number sel cted from the local Wellingtor Club, with whom his Excelleony the Governos played. The lion. rs. Do Cane, several members of the Government, and a number of ladies were among those present. The report of the match shows that the Blanche elever were beaten in one Innings sith 76 rubs tc spare. In a scratch match, in which, both teams united, which was played after thd ter. mination of the second Innings of the Blanclhe eleven, His Excellency made 62 runs byl very good batting.--n. T. AI'orrcry. TaE AUSTRALIAn MEDICAL GAZETTE for Deo comber is to bhand. It contains interesting and well-written articles on Diphtheria,. the E". cessive Mortality of Infants, the Ventilation of Buildings, &o.;, as well as a good deal of other matter interesting to the profession generally: I . WEsTnnRY RACna.-At a meeting held at Lyall's Hotel, Westbury, on Wednesday evening, to consider the advisability of helding a race meeting in the locality this summer, it was decided that races should be hold there a week after the Launceston Champion Races. A committee was appointed to select a spot suitable for a course on which to hold the races. We understand that a nice piece of ground owned by Mr. Clancy has been l~laced at the disposal of the Committee, who; will meet on Monday next to smake the preliminary arrangements for the meeting. UxounwooD's ANTIDOT,--Mr. R. Mill house, writing to the II. . Mercury, says: -Seeing a letter in your columns of the 4th respecting a lad being bitten by a black snake, and cured by the application of Uiderwood's antidote ; also, complaining of the Government allowing the sourot to die out, I wish to inform your readers the seer t has not died out, for he communicated it to me some considerable time before he left the colony. CIUILDRENs' FEAST AT ENTALLY.-On Thurs day last most of the Sunday School children residing in the districts of Carrick, Hadspen, and Illawarra, with many of their friends, were entertained at Entally by the Rov. T. Reiboy. About ten o'clock about 400 children and-adults, in holiday attire, assembled on the lawn, where the children were regaled with cano, buns, and tea, after which many of them received prizes of neatly bound books. Various games wore then entered upon by the juveniles, while' those of larger growth essayed a dance, and a band being in attendance, they appeared to enjoy themselves thoroughly. Throughout the afternoon the children were served with cake, buns, and tea, whilst a booth was specially provided for the accommodation of the adult visitors. Before dispersing, the children gave three cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Roiboy ; and in thanking them, Mr. Reiboy promised that another feast should be given next year. The National Anthem was then sung, and all started homewards, those from a distance being conveyed in wagons kindly lent for the occasion by Messrs. Crockford and Monds. "Ten MassraH."- By an advertisement in another column it will be seen that on Thurs. day evening next Handel's oratorio, "The Messiah'," is to be performed at the Town Hall. Tickets may be obtained on applica tion to the Rev. W. A. Brooke. Tihe pro coeds of tihe entertainment are to be devoted to the now Cathedral fund. A SPEcIALSRnvICm will be preached by the Rev. J. Smith at theb meeting-bouse, Kinf 's Meadows,to-morrow afternoon at three o'clock. On Thursday next a tea.meeting will be held. Tnn , iN Punain ItnshsvEs.-.The aa, mental trees and shrubs in thebo local recroative rolerves have from time to time auflered 'so considerably at the hands of misohlevous persons, that the polioo have very justly boon inetructod to keep a sharp look out for offendore in this respect. Last evening a little girl wns brought to the look-up on a charge of damaging one of the trees in Prince's Square, the constable on duty in the reserve huving caught the child up one of the trees tearing down som-d amall branches, She will be brought up at the Polico Court'this miorning. o VOLUNTEERa ARTILLERa.-A special parade of the corps will be hold on IMonday ovening next, at the Voluntoor Buildings. 