THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. Government Policy. — A meeting of mem bers of parliament advocating the principles of protection is to be held in the Parlia mentary Library to-morrow at two o'clock. The importance of recognising the cncourag- ment of our industries, and the vast interests that are directly and indirectly affected by this policy, is of such a nature as will enablo these members to insist upon the recognition of it in the policy the proposed Government intend introducing to the country. At tho present time there ought to ho no mistake as to the meaning of the proposed tariff. Ho incidental or accidental protection will suffice, bat a real protection to those manufactories that can make way, nnd which will ultimately hold possession of this and the markets of the adjacent colonies. Never since the introduction of onr constitution had a Government, formed out of a new party, so good a chanco of boing judged by their measures as the E resent. The House is composed of mem- ers that are not prejndiced to a foregone conclusion— that are not immutably allied to a party or an individual ; hut who will give a newly formed Government an opportunity to develop a polloy which, if it is for the benefit of the country, it will also assist in carrying out. The Duko of Wellington once stated that "a good Go vernment was of far more importance to tho welfare of a country than the consideration or tho existence ot any party." It is to ho hoped the members of this now Parliament wiil be of tho same opinion, and it ,is possi ble for tho Government to issue a programme which will receive tho support of the Pro tection and Froe-trado members. IE they do so they ought to havo a fnir trial, and receive an honest support. Then we may say "that no particular man is necessary to the State ; wo may depend that if wo pro vide the country with popular institutions, thoso institutions will provido it with great men." Pent.? of Rons. — Alist of runs uponwhich the rents are duo oh the 30th of tho present month is in course of preparation, and will be made public in the course of a day or two. We apprehend that the . hearing of appeals against the assessment of runs under the Act 1869 will be continued by the successor of Mr. Mncpherson,. that gentleman having postponed the hearing of the second hatch of appeals until further notice, or in other words, until such time as the appointment of President of the Lands Department has been filled up. The Immigration Depot.— After tho ex citement and bustle pf Saturday last compa rative quiet obtained at tho Immigration Depot, Latrpbe-strOet, during to-day. , Of the female immigrants who had been accom modated there . .until such, time as their friends came forward to claim them, all had left with the .exception of some dozen or so,' and it was fully expected that before the day closed these .would have tokon their depar ture, leaving only the females, seventeen in number, who await engagements. Before hidding.adicu to tho depot very many of the immigrants who camo out under the bounty "warrant /systetp 'libhrtily ' thanked Mrs. Fer guson, . tho matron, at . tho .depot, . for the kindness .displayod by. , that lady to them dqring saoh timo as thoy. remained. under lier pare. ': ... . ' The Right SiOe. — It will bo seer, by nu advertisement : in another column that, by an order of tho Right Worshipful the Mayor of.. Melbourne,, foot, passengers are, requested . to keep tho right hnnd side of tho footway., iThia; system, if carried- out, will bo most convenient on many accounts. John- ICnox Ciumcn. — ThoRsv. ,t. Clark is announced tolecturo .this evening in John Knox Ohurcli, Swanston-otreet, on "Hoat," which will bo illustrated by experiments of a very interesting oharaeter. Tho snbjcct is ono which will doubtless bo mado tho most of by tho Rev. Icoturor. A Bad Beginning.— At tho Fitzroy Police- office, this morning, tho girls Catherine Nash, 13, Margaret Nash, 11, Catherine Doylo, 16, and Mary Ann Regan, 14, who were found on Thursday evening last, by Constable M'Ginty, conducting themselves in n most indecent manner with several hoys on a pieco of waste ground at tho intersection of Brunswick and .Tohnstou-streota, were brought up on remand from tho East Col- lingwood Court. Tho two Nashcs and Doylo wore charged with using obscone language in a public place, and Regan with indecent ex posure in public. Tho father of the girls Nash wasnowin court, and statod that he was a laborer residing in Cardigan-street, Carlton. The mother of tho children was dead, and he had three more children (dnnghters) at home. He complained that ho could not keep tho girls before tho court in subjection. Ono of thorn was away on ono occasion for three weeks, aud was brought homo by Sergeant Summcrhayes. Catherine was sent to the reformatory for two years, and Margaret for four years, the father being informed that he would have to contribute to their support iu the institution. Constable M'Giuty said that all ho eouhl loarn about Doyle wa3 that her mother was a pntieut in tho Yarra Bend Asylum. She was committed to prison for six months. During tho hearing of those cases a house agent named Pogg was called on to explain under what circumstances he some' time since lot a cottago in Saokville-street, East Collingwood, to tho Hashes and Doyle, where the police stated thoy kept a rcnlar brothel. Pcgg stated that bo was agent for tho house in question, which belonged to Sir. Joseph Cappou, butcher. Tho girls came to his (Pegg's) place early one morning, and engaged tho house, stating that their father and mother wore going to live with them in it. Tho following week they paid the .. rent, aud there were no complaints in reference to tho house. Tho succeeding week, however. Constable M 'Michael complainod of the character of the house, and the girls left it. With re- fcrcnce to tho girl Regan, it was stated that alio was tho illegitimate child of a butcher named Regan, by a woman of tho naino of Sullivan, who was now in court. Mr. F. Mil ler, solicitor, was understood to deny that the child was Regan's, and said that, even if she were, he had now no responsibility in connection with her, as bIio was over thir teen years of ago. Mr. Shea, clerk of the court, rcmarkod that when he was clerk of tho District Court in Melbourne, ltegan had on many occasions paid him money for the woman Sullivan towards the maintenance of two illegitimate children. Tho police stated that tho girl Regau had been in tho Refor matory twico already. She was now sent back to tho establishment till she reached tho age of fifteen. The Cads v. the Busses.— A rumor is eurrent that tho cabbies intend to take single passengers nnyivhoro within tho city boun daries for ono penny. Should this bo the case, wo may probably soon sec a line of ponny busses to Collingwood. St. Jude's Parish. — A meeting of the adult parishioners of St. Judo's Church, Carlton, takes place this evening at eight o'clock, for tho purpose of electing ono mem ber to represent tho parish in tho Church of England Assembly, in tho room of a retiring member. A full attendance is requested. . Tiie Church of England Messenger pub lishes tlio following paragraph in reply to a statement which appeared iu tho colnmn3 of a contemporary, stating that it had changed: — "Wo shall make no comment upon the animus of this paragraph, but wo think it right to correct tho mis- statements which it contains. First— The Messenger has not passed out of the hands of the Bishop, but is now, as it has been from its commencement, printed for him'by Messrs. Mason, Firth, and M'Cutolieon, and published by Mr. Mullen, of Collins-streot Secondly— The Bishop is not, nor ever has been, one of the editors. Thirdly— Tho Bishop has no intention of ap pointing a paid editor. " The Mysteries of the Custom-house.— Referonce was mado in the recent legislative debates to the neoessity of effecting Bomo 'savings in the expenditure of tho public de partments. We urge on the now Minister of Customs to ascertain if something might not bo dono in his department. The absurdity of the present system will be obvious when we state that, as a matter of curiosity to see tho working of this department, wo this clay went, accompanied by tho usual agent, through tho details of passing an entry for one trunk of baggage containing worn cloth ing, valuo, exoopt to tho owner, nil The forms, which wore somo five in number, had to receive tho signatures of at least a half- dozen officials, besides being afterwards ex amined at the sheds by a landing waiter. The revenne received nothing as a compensation for this waste of time of six officers. The sooner, therefore, these vexatious form3 are abolished, the better for this Stato and the public. Accident.— An accident occurred this morning, in Elizabeth-street. A 'bus liorso shied at a load pf hay, and ran the 'bus into a timber carriage. Tho driver was thrown from his seat, and sustained pome injuries to his face, which obliged his re moval to tho hospital, when his outs were dressed- At the time no passengers were in the 'bus, which received slight damage. Legal Changes.— "Wo understand that during to-day. tho hon. tho late Solicitor- General took leave of the officci'3 of his de partment at tho Crown Law offices. No successor has so far been appointed to Buccood his Honor Jtidgo Pehlmau in the County Court, tho appointment being allowed to stand over for determination bv the in coming Ministry. Wo understand' that Sir George Stephen, Kt , was somo limo since appointed a Queen's counsel, and that the letters patent havo boon duly issued by his- Excellency tho Governor. Tho dato of tho appointment will appear' in tho next issue of the Oocernmcnt Gazelle. 1 Sudden Death —On the 17th inst., Mr.' Candlor held an inquest at East Collingwood on tho body of Mary Piokup. From the evi dence, it appeared that deceased was a ser vant, liviDg at' tho. house'of Mr. Randall. On the night of the 15tli inst. sho' was iii lier 'usual stato of health; but on tho morning of tho 16th, sbo was seen foaming at tho mouth and lying in bed. Sho was fifty-eiglit years of ago. Dr. H. B. Wilson was sent for, but on bis arrival tho deceased was dead, thongh still warm. A post-mortem examination of ' tho body was" made, and a largo clot of re cently oxtravasatod blood found in the brain 'Dr. Wilson stated tho cause of death to bo apoplexy, arid a verdict to that effect was re turned by tho jury. Board of Inquiry.— A report appeared in our columns some days since ' to tho effect that the board appointed to inquire into cer tain allegations made against Mr. Clow, P.M. and warden at' Steightz, had forwarded their report to the Government', when it whs at onco taken into consideration by tho lion, the Solicitor-Gonoral, but owing to tho bulky nature of the report, Mr. Wrixou had not' sufficient timo to wade through it before leaving offibo, sad wo; now leant that tho matter will'bb 'handed over to his Biibcetsor,' with suoK remarks appended thereto as ap peared to Mr. WHxo'qtO meet the merits of ' the oaso. Incorrect.— Tho following telegram ap peared in our issue of the 13th inst.:— "Lieutenant Ferguson, tlio Governor's private secretary, is to bo married to the daughter of Mrl JoseplfCrilbori,- noxt month;! tlio Governor of Tasmania, and probably'tlie' Governor of Molbourub, aro'te bo prosout:"! We nro in a position to stato tbat, so far as His Excellency Visconnt Canterbury is bon-' corncd, the nbovo notification had no founda- tioninfnot. Inquest at tiie Yarra Bend.— On tho 17th inst. Mr. Candlor held two inquests at- tba Yarra Bend, tlio first on tho body of' John Doyle, an inmate, who was adinittodon tho 3rd of April last. Ilo was 32 yoars of ago, and was fboblo. Ho wont on tolorably well till tlio 1st inst., when ha was attacked with .dysentery and removed to tho Hospital, where ho died on the 15th. Ho had been properly proscribed for and attended to. The evidence of Dr. Cutts wont to show that the causo of death was dysontory, and a , verdict was returnod accordingly. Tho second inquiry was touohing the, death of James Anderson, also an inmate, who had boon admitted on tho 8th of October last in a hopeless oaso of iinbeoility. Ho was 52 years of ago, and sank grauuully until the day of his death, which took place on tlio 15th inst. Dr. Cutts deposed that tho causo of doath was disease of tlio brain and lungs, and a verdict to that effect was given, St. George's Hall. — Tho success attend ing the performances of Hussoy's Minstrels on Saturday night promises well, for tho future, especially whon it is borno in mind that nothing very startling was on tho pro gramme, excepting the Podostal Danco, which is exceptionally good, aud ono which wiil bear frcquont repetition. Tho singing of Campbell and Gordon was most enjoyable, and gained tho hearty applauso of tho audience, who were kept alivo by " A Party by tho name of Johnson," and by tho "Ghost in a Pawn Shop," both of which comicalities mot with a decided suocos3. A little study on tlio part of Mr. Carrick will make him a valuable addition to tlio com pany, from whoso midst Mr, Feuiliade is much missed. Mr. Ilussoy was, ashe always is, funny to a degree, and it will not ba liis fault if the entertainments provided at St. George's Hall aro not most liberally patronised. Polytechnic Hall. — To-morrow evening a concert is to bo given in tho Polytechnic Kali, by tho pupils of Mr. W. R. Furlong, being tho fourth occasion of tho kind. The public havo had opportunities of judging with what efficiency Mr. Furlong carries out tho duties of his profession, and as a capital programme will ho gono through, it is to bo hoped that this gentlemau's pupils will make their bowa to a largo audience. 