LITERATURE. EXTRACTS FROM THE JOURNAL OF JULIAN CHARLES YOUNG. (CONTINUED FROM OUR LAST. ) The portion of his book which Mr. Young has devoted to his own reminiscences is far more interesting than the sketch which he has given of his father. He is a keen observer, and has lived much among the best of good company. He has much to tell that is new of Walter Scott, Wordsworth, Cole ridge, Hook, Dickens, and a great many other modem celebrities, and he abounds in strange and picturesque anecdotes and stories. While still a boy he was taken by his father to Abbotsford. and introduced to Sir Walter Scott, whose appearance he thus describes:— " Although forty-eight years have passed since that memorable morning, the great man's person is as palpably present to me as it then was when in the flesh. His lieht blue, waggish eye, sheltered, almost screened, by its overhanging pent-house of straw coloured busby brows, his scant sandy coloured hair, the Shakspearian length of his upper-)ip, his towering Pisgah of a forehead, which gave elevation and dignity to a physiognomy otherwise deficient in both; his abrupt movements, the mingled humour, urbanity, and benevolence of his smile, all recur to me with startling reality. He was dressed in a green cut-away coat with brass buttons, drab vest, trousers and gaiters, with thick shoes on his feet, and a sturdy staff in his hand. He looked like a yeoman of the better class, but bis manners bespoke the ease, self-possession, and courtesy of a high bred gentleman. Nothing could exceed the winning cordiality of his welcome." Scott is known, like some other great men, to have been utterly insensible to the influence of music. He was easily excited, however, by the singing of any of the old Jacobite ballads, for which he had a passionate fondness. On one occasion Mr. Young describes how the Wizard of the North sat absent and abstracted while two young ladies were playing and singing all heir m ost fashionable airs. " At last, Mrs. Lockhart, thinking she had sufficiently taxed the good-nature of her gjftwl friends, uncovered her harp, and began to play the air of 'Charlie is my darling.' The change which passed o'er the spirit of the poet's dream was most striking. Pride of lineage, love of chivalry, strong leanings to the Stuart cause, were all visibly ferment ing in the brain of the enthusiastic bard. His light blue ore kindled, the blood mantled in bis cheek, his nostril quivered, his big rJuwt heaved, until, unable longer to sup press the emotion evoked by his native ywnipdioB in favour of a rained cause, he sprang from his chair, limped across the room, and, to the peril of those within his reach, brandishing his crutch as if it had been a hand of steed, shouted forth with more of vigour than of melody—'And a' the folk cam' tanning out to greet the Chevalier! Oh! Charlie is my darling,' &c.;" An story is told of a meeting one evening at Ambrose's, in Edinburgh, when two fashionable ladies, in full evening cos tume, or, as Moore used to call it, "in shoulders," were present in honour of Scott, Lockhart, John Wilson, and other celebrities: " When sapper was half over, James Hogg, the Ettrick Shepherd, appeared. A chair had been designedly left vacant for him between tire two aristocrats. His approach was dis cernible before his person was visible, for he came straight from a cattle fair; and was reeking with the unsavoury odours of the sheep, and pus, and oxen, in whose company he had been tor hours. Nevertheless, he soon made at home with the fair ladies on each tide of him. Somewhat too much so: for, supper over, the cloth withdrawp, and the toddy introduced, the song going round, and his next-door neighbours being too languid in their manner of joining in the chorus to please him, he turned first to the right hand then to the left, and slapped both of them on their backs with such good-will as to make their blade-bones ring again; then, with the yell of an Ojibbeway Indian, he shouted forth, 'Noo then, leddies, follow me! Heigh tutti, tutti! Heigh tutti, tutti!'" We have a capital sketch, drawn from the life, of Coleridge and Wordsworth, as seen by our author once at Bonn, in Germany. A man enters to him while sitting in a room of a chateau, where he is a guest:— "His general appearance would have led me to suppose him a dissenting minister. His hair was long, white, and neglected; his completion was florid, his features were square, his eyes watery and hazy, his brow broad and massive, his build uncouth, his deportment grave and abstracted. He wore a white starchless neckcloth tied in a limp bow, and was dressed in a shabby suit of dusky Mack. His breeches were unbuttoned at the knee, bis sturdy limbs were encased in stockings of lavender-coloured worsted, his feet were thrust into well-worn slippers, much trodden down at heel. In this wngainly attire, he paced up and down ynJ down and up, and round and round a saloon 60ft. square, with head bent forward, and shoulders stooping absently musing, and muttering to himself, and occasionally clutching to his tide his pon derous tome, as if he feared it might be token from I confess my young spirit chafed under the wearying quarter-deck monotony of bis promenade, and, stung by the cool manner in which he ignored my presence, 1 was about to leave urn in undisputed pos session of the field, when I was diverted from my purpose by the entrance of another gentleman, whose kindly smile and courteous recognition of my how encouraged me to keep my ground, and promised me some compen sation for the slight put upon me by his pre cursor. He was dressed in a brown holland Moose; he held in his left hand an alpenstoch L 1110 Ajguv m IfUiVt WIUWVIIH with lichen. His cheeks were [ with the effects of recent exercise. av mnidess bad been hit entry, that the peripatetic philosopher, whose back was turned to him at first, was unaware of his (uesenoe j but no sooner did he discover t than be shuffled up *to him, grasped htm by both hands, and backed him bodily into - a .neighbouring armchair. Having secured him safely there, he made 'assurance doubly sure,' by hanging over him m rim fallacy of certain of Bishop Berkeleys's propositions, In detecting which, he said he had opened up a rich vein of original reflection. Not content with cursory intrusions, be plunged profoundly into a metaphysical lecture, which, but for the opportune arrival of our fair hostess and her young lady friend, might have lasted until dinner-time. It was then, for the first time, I learned who the party consisted of; and was introduced to Samuel Taylor Coleridge, William Wordsworth, and his daughter Dora." The house became the resort of all the neighbouring German savans, and Mr. Young gives us some amusing bits of their conversa tion. Of Schlegel, he says, that "he talked admirably, yet not pleasingly, for whatever the topic, and by whosever lips it was started, be soon contrived to make himself the central object of interest." Coleridge told him that there had never been such a translation of any work as his (Schlegel's) of Shakspeare. "Schlegel returned the com pliment, scratched his back in turn, and de clared that Coleridge's translation of Schiller's Wallenstein was unrivalled for its fidelity to the original and the beauty of its diction. Both of them praised Carey's Dante highly. Schlegel praised Scott's poetry. Coleridge decried it, stating that no poet lived of equal eminence whose writings famished so few quotable passages. Schlegel then praised Byron. Coleridge immediately tried to depre ciate him. ' Ah,' said he, ' Byron is a meteor. Wordsworth there (pointing to him) is a fixed star.' . . . I observed as a rule that Wordsworth allowed Coleridge to have all the talk to himself; but once or twice Coleridge would succeed in entangling Wordsworth in a discussion on some abstract metaphysical question, when I would sit by, reverently attending, and trying hard to look intelligent, though I did not feel so." Coleridge, it seems, though he knew Ger man critically, grammatically, and scientific ally, spoke it so as to be scarcely intelligible. Schlegel would say to him, " Mein lieber Herr, would you speak English? I understand it; but your German I cannot follow." As to French, Coleridge never cared to disguise his aversion to the language and the people. " I hate," he would say," the hollowness of French principles; I hate the republicanism of French politics; I hate the hostility of the French people to revealed religion; I hate the arti ficiality of French cooking; I hate the acidity of French wines; I hate the flimsiness of the French language; my very organs of speech are so anti- Gallican that they re fuse to pronounce intelligibly their insipid tongue." Of Dr. Chalmers we have a curious sketch:— " There was one feature in his face which struck me as so very peculiar, and, I may say, anomalous, that I have often wondered never to have heard or read any comment upon it from others: I allude to his eye. The eye, by its molality, its power of expressing the passions, and the spirit it imparts to the features, is usually considered as the index of the mind. Now, I never beheld so mute, Im passive, inexpressive an eye as that of Chalmers. It was small, grey, cold, and fishy. When, either in preaching from the pulpit, or lecturing in the class-room, he was excited by his subject; when his heart grew hot within him, and the fire burned; when the brilliancy of his imagery and the power of his phraseology carried the feelings of his anditory away with all the impetuosity of a torrent; nay, when he seemed transported out of himself by the sublimity of his concep tions, and the mtense reality of his convic tions, so as to cause him to defy convention alities and set at naught the artifices of rhetoric, :and make him swing his left arm abont like the sails of a windmill; when every fibre of his body throbbed and quivered with emotion: when his listeners' months were wide open and their breath suspended, the cheeks of some bedewed with tears, and the eyes of others scintillating with sympathy and ad miration,—his eye remained as tame and lustreless as if it had been but the pale reflex of a mind indifferent and half asleep!" With this may be set, tide by side, a portrait of Edward Irving. Before his appearance in London, where he made bo great a sensation, Irving, it seems, was not thought much of in Scotland. Persons wonld leave Dr. Chalmers's kirk, where the two preached, saying, " Maister Irving ties the word the day; it's no our Doctor." Of the two, however, Irving was far the more striking figure. "In person, he was the very ideal of a Covenanter. Apart from a squint, which occasionally imparted a sinister expression to his countenance, and which reminded one of Walter Scott's description of Balfour o' Barley ('he skellied fearfully wi' one ere*), be was j the most picturesque and imposing person I have ever seen. His profile was perfect; his nose was Grecian ; bis month beautifully chiselled ; his chin square ; his complexion a transparent olive ; bis brow high ; his hair ; the colonr of the raven's wing, rich, and fall ing in heavy waving masses down to his very shoulder-blades. His figure was superb. He had not the high-bred cavalier carriage of person which distinguished Horace Seymonr, but he was quite as tall, with greater breadth of shoulder, an equally fine flank, and a very 1 straight, muscular, and well- proportioned leg. ... I followed him once through Kentish Town, np Highgate Hill, and j saw him enter Gilman's door. He was evidently going to tit with Coleridge, who had a very great affection for him. While I was studying the grandeur of his proportions, I could not but observe that there was not a soul who passed him who did not stop to look at him." Oar author likes, like Henry the Eighth, "to look upon a man," and is a great critic of personal beanty. The Horace Seymour alladed to above is the late General Sir Horace Seymour, who distinguished himself very greatly at Waterloo, and was one of three brothers all distinguished for their stalwart proportions and graces of person (Sir Hordce was the father of the present Bear Admiral Beaucbamp Seymonr, whom many of our Australian readers will recollect when in these waters in command of the Pelorns). A story is told of this hero, illustrative of his popularity with the fair sex. At Hampton court, where Us regiment was quartered, he | was aceastomed to attend the chapel "Three Sundays ago, the weather being very hot, * handsome young lady, a Miss B—HP, not a resident in the palace, bat living in the vipinlty, fainted. Considerable commotion arising among those near her, Sir Hotaoe tieymonr, the most powerful and handsomest man in the place, walked across to^l&Mapartmonta.; do- j potitedlrtr On a sofa, left her to the charge of his housekeeper, and straightway returned to hisaeat. strange to say, on the two fol lowing Sundays, a young lady, each time a different one, fainted, and on each occasion, as if by prescriptive right, the same gallant knight performed the same kind office for the sufferers, and then returned to his post. On the last of these three fainting Sundays, Lady George Seymour, a very clever and high- spirited lady, the milk of whose kindly nature was getting soured by these periodical visitations, came to me in the vestry, and said, ' I say, Mr. Young, this nonsense must not be allowed to go on. This fashion for fainting will degenerate into an epidemic if it is not put a stop to. With your permission I will affix, before next Snnday, this notice in the cloister at the door of entrance ' Notice. ' Whereas a tendency to faint is becoming a prevalent infirmity among young ladies frequenting this chapel, notice is hereby given that for the future ladies so affected will no longer be carried out by Sir Horace Seymour, but by Branscombe the dustman.' " I cannot say that this notice was ever carried out, but the threat of it getting wind, the desired effect was produced, and 'the plague was stayed.'" The story of the first receipt of the news of the victory of Waterloo has often been told, but Mr. Young's version has a spirit of its own. The speaker is Mrs. Boehm, a wealthy West Indian widow, at whose house a ball was being given, which was attended by the Prince Regent and a large number of fashionables. The first quadrille was in the act of forming, and the prince was walking up to the dais on which his seat was placed, when I saw every one without the slightest sense of decorum rushing to the windows, which had been left wide open because of the excessive sultriness of the weather. The music ceased and the dance was stopped, for we heard nothing but the vociferous shouts of an enormous mob, twho had just entered the square, and were running by the side of a post-chrise and four, out of whose windows were hanging three nasty French eagles. In a second the door of the carriage was flung open, and withoot waiting for the steps to be let down, out sprang Henry Percy —such a dusty figure!—with a flag in each hand, pushing aside every one who happened to be in hiB way, darting np-stairs into the ballroom, stepping hastily np to the Regent, dropping on one knee, laying the flags at his feetj and prononncing the words ' Victory, Sir, victory!' The Prince Regent, greatly overcome, went into an adjoining room to read the despatches; after a while he re tained, said a tew sad words to as, sent for his carriage, and left the house. The royal bro thers soon followed suit, and in less than 20 minutes there was not a soul in the ball room but ourselves. Such a scene of excite ment, anxiety, and confusion was never witnessed before or since. Ladies' of the highest rank who had not ordered their car riages till 4 a.m. rnahed away like maniacs in their muslins and satin shoes across the square, some accompanied by gentlemen, others withqut escort of any kind, all im patient to learn the fate of those dear to them; many jumping into the first stray hackney-coach they fell in with, and hurrying on-to the Foreign Office or Horse Guards, eager to get a sight of the list of killed and wounded." Of Charles Mathews the elder there are some excellent stories. We can find room for one, illustrative of his peculiar sensitiveness. On one of his "At Homes, "he seemed depressed at the end of the first part, in spite of the con gratulations «f his friends. " He accepted their compliments Tather 1 ungraciously. All they said to buoy him up only seemed the more to depress mm. At first they could not make him out, till he ex plained himself by blurting out the troth. 'It is all very well, and very kind of you who wish me well, to tell me the piece is going welL I know better. It ain't going well, ana it can't be going well; it must be hanging fire, or that man with the laid head in the pit, in the front row, could not have been asleep the whole time I have been trying to amuse him!' ' Oh,' said the speaker (Manners Sutton), 'perhaps he is drank.' ' No, no; he ain't I've tried hard to lay that flattering unction to my soul, but it won't do. I've watched the fellow, and when he opens his eyes, which" he does now and then, he looks as sober as a judge, and as severe as one; and then he deliberately closes them as if he disliked the very sight of me. I tell von, all the laughter and applause of the whole bouse—boxes, pit,and gallery together— weigh not a feather with me while that "pump" remains dead to my efforts to amuse him.' The call-bell rang; all his friends re turned to their seats in front, and he to the stage. The second part opened with one of the rapid songs in the composition of which JamesSmith, theauthor, excelled bo much, and in the delivery of which no one ever equalled Mathews, except his son, who, in that j respect, surpasses him. All the time he was singing it, as he paced from the right wing to the left, we saw bis head jerking from side to side as he moved either way. his eyes always, directed to one spot, till, at the end of one of the stanzas, forgetful of the andience, and transported out of himself by the obstinate insensibility of the bald pate, he fixed hiB eyes upon him, and, leaning over the lamps, in the very loudest key shonted at him, 'Bo!' The£man, startled, woke up, and observing that the singer looked at him, sang to him, and never took his eyes off him, he i to listen, and then to laugh—and laugh, at last, most heartily. From that instant the actor's spirits rose, for he felt he had converted a stolid country bumpkin into an apprecia tive listener. After such a triumph, he went j home, satisfied that his entertainment bad been a complete success." Among the multitude of good things which Mr. Young retails for us, we are almost em barrassed to make a choice. Nearly all his < stories are new, and indeed the only bad ones are those which are old, such as that of the j "Sydney Ghost," which is tsrribly mangled in the telling. By-the-bye, what does Mr. i Young mean by such a sentence as this j (describing what the people did who had seen | the ghost of the murdered man sitting on the traditional mil)j "Next morning, in prosecution of theirj purpose, they Jumped Into 'a dog-cart, and drove to a hut inhabited by Boshman, a sort of human blood-hound, singularly gifted with the faculty of scent" Boshmen do not inhabit Australia, nor do blackfellows live in huts. Mr; Young is more at home in anecdotes such as that of the old eneral who was suspected of stealing a wwuvuu auwu*swai swimww aw wvnupu m v searched—his' pockets being full of brokei victuals which he was carrying away for i starving family. There are some ©the shorter anecdotes, too good '■*" ' - - whithit bimpOswleto order, such aathatof Wi opinion of the Ami ~'_i' thought a good deal a great man, arid In — WWHW.WU very groat man, a man of great weight Who: he goes to the west, the east tips up," ' anecdote of a farmer's wife, who was ex postulated with by the parson for letting her pond be used as a place of immersion by Baptists—" I ain't no idea," she said, " of then coming and leaving all their nasty sins behind them tn my water." A bumpkin, who had been to the theatre at his master's expense, could give no intelligible account of what he had seen. " ' Was it a tragedy or a comedy?' 'I don't know what you mane. I can't say no more than I have said, nor no fairer. All I know is, there was a precious tot on 'em on the theayter stage, and that there was, in and out, ahd out and in again!'" The last of our extracts shall be an ex tempore Scotch prayer offered up by a border shepherd " We parteeclarly thank Thee for Thy great gudeness to Meg, and that it ever cam into your heard to take aoy thought o'. sic' a useless bow-wow as her (alluding to a little girl who had been saved from drowning). For Thy mercy's sake—for the sake o' Thy puir sinfu' creetnrs now addressing Thee in their ain shilly-shally way, and for the sake o' maif than we daur weel name to Thee, hae mercy on our Rob! Ye ken yoursel' he's a wild, mischievous call&nt;, and thinks nae mair o* committing sin than a dog does o' licking a dish. But put Thjr hook intil his nose, and Thy bridle intil his gab, and gar him come back to Thee wi' a jerk that he'll no forget the longest day he has to live. Dinna forget puir Jamie, who's far awa' frae us the night Keep Thy arm o' power about him, and, ech, Sirs, I wish ye wad endow him wi' a little spunk and smeddum to act for hissel'; for if ye dinna, he'll be bnt a bauckle i' this world, and a back-sitter i' the next Thou hast added one to our family (N.B.—One of his sons had just married against his approba tion). So has been Thy will. It wad never hae been mine. But if it is of Thee, do Thou bless the connexion. Bnt if the fnle hath done it ont o' carnal desire, against a' reason and credit may the cauld rain o' adversity settle in his habitation," &c.; 