VICTORIA. A society for the protection of their branch of trade has been formed by the bootmakers in Melbourne In committee of supply, in the Assembly on Tuesday, the vote of £18,000 for passages for warrant immigrants was agreed to by 16 to 27 Passengers by the 2 o'clock train from St Kilda to Melbourne on Tuesday) were alarmed, when Emerald Hill station was reached, to see a boy enveloped in a mass of flame and smoke extricated horn the second class carriage and placed on the platform Every bed) rushed to the spot, but no one had sufficient presence of mind to think of extinguishing the flames by) wrapping some heavy) garment round him, and the boy was considerably burnt while efforts were made to tear his clothing off When the flame was at length extinguished oil was applied to the abdomen, where he was most burnt, and the Bill fervor was taken to Melbourne Hospital His name is George Lamb He is to oars old, and lives at Emerald-hill, and it was stated that he had been burnt by phosphor s, but how it came to be in his possession did not appear The stationmaster (Howie) and the pastor (Wholun)oxoilod thoiiisolvosina praiseworthy manner to extinguish the flames, and sustained severe burns, Whelan especially being so badly burnt that he fainted and had to be sent home A most disgraceful scenes, for which the Treasurer -Mr Graham Berry was principally responsible, took place in the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday irritated beyond measure by stinging charges brought against the Government of hay ing descended to "log rolling and other improper means to secure a majority for the Railway Construction Bill, by proposing four now Railways instead of one, Mr I" l o - J Berry again, amidst cries of "Shame,' and "You know that is not Uno," reported the unfounded and scandalous accusations which he had previously brought against the late Ministry, of having allowed the money for the construction of the North-Eastern Railway to lie idle in the banks for two years Subsequently, Mr Francis rose to move the adjournment of the debate and in doing so denied once more the accuracy of the charge made by the Treasurer With almost unpar valued at licity Mr Bony again reiterated the statement Mr Francis then said that if the treasurer persisted in making that assertion, he should have no hesitation in calling him "a is in causes course was highly improper language to use A noisy altercation ensued but, acting on the Speaker's siut-reslion, Mr Francis withdrew his remark Some allowance must, however, be made for Mr Francis, especially when it is remembered how completely upon a former occasion he met the false charge brought against him by Mr Berry, and how that gentleman, after taking more than, wools to think about the miller, was obliged to full back on the lame excuse " You did it t do it, but you would if you had had the chance " In a characteristic letter on the Buhicet of Spiritism ' printed in a Dcrohwoith journal, Dr Rohner says :-" I tell you magic explains all the in stones, I \ however extravagant they may appear to your poor eyes, of spiritualism, and of u few other things equally interesting and I moreover tell you that a magician is residing in your very midst, who will one of those days make a few of you dance to his Zauburflülo, only to convince you of the reality of his solemn. What impoverished, atrophied brains those poor Crookes, Coxob, Dr. Ilugginsos, &a.;, must have not to be able to find out the mysteries of the organisation of Mr. D. D. Homo I They ought to be ashamed of the fluttering hut falso appellations, as applied to them, of men of science, and especially doctors. The best doctors in all human history have been musicians. -Yours, &o.;, 0. W. Rohner, M.D., M. (again) D. (odor). PS-The headless spectre I saw on Sunday night, 27th August, was, I am now credibly informed, the ghost of John McCallum, a portion of whose skull is still in my possession, and which he is supposed to have come to claim from me at last. await." Mr. Walter Cooper, a well-known member of the Sydney press, and author of the sensational drama, " Sun and Shadow," and " Foiled," has arrived in Melbourne to make arrangements for the production of the last-named play at one of our theatres. A shower of frogs has occurred at Hamilton in the Western district On the same day very large hail stones fell near Harrow. It is proposed to give a pension, amounting to two thirds of his salary- while in office, to Sir Francis Murphy, late Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. The " black blight' has again made its appearance among the peach trees near Geelong. Dr. Ferdinand Von Mueller has been created a Baron of the North-German Empire. In moving the second reading of the Railway Construction Bill in the Legislative Assembly last week, Mr. Longmore (the Commissioner of Railways) remarked :-" Up to the present time the total cost of the 254 miles of railway now in existence, including the premium on the sale of debentures, was £9,350,000. Since their construction, the loss in interest was £2,262,937. Whilst the passenger traffic had of late years slightly decreased the goods traffic had largely increased. It was now proposed to construct several new lines into the richest districts of the colony at a rate of something less than £5,000 per mile. The necessary funds would be derived from the special appropriation from the land fund of £200,000 per annum, and the Government did not intend to ask any new loan. By December, 1873, there would be £800,000 available from that fund. Two hundred miles of these railways would cost about a million sterling, and looking at the rate at which the North-Eastern Railway was progressing, quite that amount of money would be available by the time it was required. But even if that were not the case, there was £200,000 of the North-Eastern loan which would not be required for a long time, and that might be used, instead of being allowed to remain in the hands of the bank at a loss of 2 per cent. The Government intended to adopt on the new railways a gauge of 3ft. 6in. The four lines proposed were from Ballarat to Ararat, from Geelong to Camperdown, from Castlemaine to Dunolly via Maryborough, and from Ballarat, via Creswick's Creek, to Maryborough." A railway from Victoria to Queenscliff is proposed. Government has promised to pay £250, or one-half of the cost of the survey, and to give one-third of the cost, either in land or money, as the work of construction proceeds. There is just now a warder in the Ballarat Gaol one Mr. Carroll-who might possibly be of some service in the great Tichborne case, as he was the drill sergeant of the carabineers to which the claimant I belonged, and recollects drilling Tichborne well. He says he recollects perfectly that the person he drilled could ride well if he could do nothing else well, that his helmet always got a little on one side of his head at paradox, that he frequently paid well for any little favours rendered, but that he seemed to be "a fool, and could not help it." The following case is given by the Geelong Advertiser:-"The report of the Tichborne trial having come before the notice, the otherday,of one of the residents in the bush, not many miles from here, was the cause of the hitherto quiet and respects him colonial resident losing somewhat of his usual equanimity. On reading that portion of the report where the claimant to the Tichborne estate averred of himself that he was the victim of the species in the notorious card case at Brighton, the reader was much perturbed. The resident in question, it was ascertained, had been one of the operators in the system of telegraphing adopted by the grooves in the lambing down' of Sir Roger." 